Greg grinned. The room had filled out and the morning session was set to begin in 10 minutes. He gestured to the front, "Well, I've got someone I've been talking to. We had a drink last night and talked for a long time. I got her number. She's a peach. I can't wait for you to meet her."
John had just shut the rear door on Sherlock, who was now in his dress shirt and suit. Sherlock had kept the Belstaff off and laid it on his lap so he could look at the back. The boy was right. No one was at home to tell him the back hem was fraying.
The freak is on a rampage; deducing Sebastian, doing his party trick on everyone's items left in the dorms, shaking while he downs a tumbler of whiskey. Sebastian is more patient without others present.
"I'm glad you're here. I'm glad he has you to talk to," John drew him in to a deep hug, tucking his head under Sherlock's chin. Sherlock did his best to wrap his arms around John, despite the aching ribs.
John waited a few moments, unsure if he was going to hear from Sherlock directly or if he would just direct him to a location. His phone pinged.
"This conference we're using as a cover, Mycroft," he states while keeping his eyes focused out the window, "We'll have to use our time wisely."
"My darling, your family may tease you," John threw Tavis a scathing look, "but if we ever make love, or touch, or kiss at all, it will only be because
Sherlock moved away from the window and sat on the couch, but didn't sit right next to John, "I'd like to still go through with the case, with the ruse of being a married couple, as this is the best way to get the results we need, to investigate everyone we can on the ship. But the idea is more nerve wracking than I anticipated."
His brain stopped at that thought. To the outside, it may have looked as if he were having a small stroke. It looked like an honest to goodness family here. John was ladling out  stew into bowls onto plates with bread. John turned around, realizing Sherlock was still stuck, in the entryway, just looking and blinking at them.
There were rare ways that Sherlock would say John's name. Ways that would cause John's breath to stutter in his chest, or his heart to beat faster. Ways that would cause him to turn his head, to make tea suddenly, to feel the need to run to Tesco's. There were other ways that made him feel like a child, made him feel expendable, that caused the back of his neck to itch and his palms to sweat as he willed his fists to unclench.
The objective had been to keep Sherlock away, since he had the uncanny ability to get himself into trouble. Since he was still healing. But no, bloody idiot had to come here, showing them up, beating them here.
Laoch, the stallion, quickly caught up to John's mare, Soilleir. Sherlock laughed as he pranced the stallion in circles around John. John hollered at him, "If you're going to be a show off, I may change my mind!"
"I hold a minor post in British government," Mycroft says, smiling through tears, "I do believe I can have our marriage processed by tonight."
The crisis in North America averted, Mycroft reviews his text messages that feed him information in The Mary Problem. Moriarty is still desperately eager to please, doing everything to stay in Mycroft's favor. Extra stakeouts. Photos and videos. Anything to prove loyalty.
"We were wrong. Anderson wanted fame, and so he'd sought it, being driven to the idea from the Amadeus play he'd acted in and from the other accidents that actors had been involved in. He would make himself become injured on a set piece, this setting another Moriarty investigation into motion. Bringing attention to the theatre and show. Bringing attention to Anderson. However, he miscalculated the sturdiness of the rigging, and inhaled himself, bleeding out rather than simply becoming injured. I have photos from his personal effects."
He turned the corner, saw the signs pointing to the Captain's quarters. Before he made it all the way to the door, he saw some red splatter on the white wall.
The stranger on the horse nodded, "Thank you," he jumped down, leading his horse. As he pulled his lead, the stranger introduced himself, "I'm John by the way, John Watson."
"Out!" He commanded, causing another woman in the lobby to drop her magazine. Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but Daemon pulled on his sleeve, ushering him out into the street.
Sherlock nodded. He replied, "Can you ask a more specific question? Something that I can truly describe or answer?"
John is desperately trying to keep his hands to himself. They are discussing Jim Moriarty, Mary Morstan, Charles Augustus Magnussen and the most insane ideas to date. He knows Mycroft isn't telling him the full story about Mary's past; his eyes are half lidded and his lips pressed tightly whenever John tries to pry him for information.
John had hardly any recollection of Mary, hardly any feeling but regret. John remembered Sherlock teaching him to waltz in the living room, and his inability to take his eyes off of Sherlock's face as they worked on the steps. He didn't take pledges lightly, so he would see the marriage proposal through to the end. He'd cried, countless nights, just wishing Sherlock could have come back
"You would have all this extra time on your hands," He grinned, grabbing Sherlock's hand as they walked down the street, "With him solving all your crimes for you, I would need to keep you company, while he's busy working."
They bought a day bed and ordered a proper bedroom set to be delivered in a week. She protested, "This isn't proper, I'm just your landlady." Mycroft sent Greg and Sherlock into the kitchen. Sherlock knew he was telling Mrs. Hudson
John asks for clarification in small bites, concerned his thundering heart and flushed neck has finally betrayed him, "So, we need to get married, for a case, but what is the case?"
Mycroft had offered to marry a bachelor from the very wealthy and powerful Campbell clan if they made a move. He was even willing to do so after he'd fallen in love with Gregory Lestrade.
John is asleep on the couch. He'd been reading the paper, and he's splayed out, his stomach slowly rising and falling with his inhales. The paper rises and falls with his breath. Sherlock sits on the floor, beside the couch, and threads his fingers through John's. He sits on the floor, content to let most of the morning pass by, watching John sleep.
Gavin grabbed some water and a plaid rag, bringing it to Sherlock and gently cleaned his face, "Yer dear Johnny laddie loves you, 'Lock. He was fit t'be tied when he 'eard how that Watson clansman talked t'ye. The clansman has been removed. You've nothin' ta fear. Yer laddie loves  ya mor' than all others."
The jeep begins to ride easier. The road has changed from gravel to blacktop. John sits up slowly; he doesn't want to scare the driver and his date.
John watched the tip of the dildo disappear into Sherlock's body, and pull out. He watched Sherlock's hips thrust up, his cock bobbing freely. John moved closer to Sherlock, watching the younger man moan as he slowly pushed the dildo into himself, his other hand wrapped around his cock.
Sherlock from him; so many wasted hours of grief and pain after he'd jumped. John tries his best to hide his glee at Mycroft's master plan, but he knows the consulting criminal could tell he was enjoying it. Small paybacks.
"Yes," John tells him, buttoning up the rest of Sherlock's shirt, touching his neck and collarbone when he's done, "I will be back in 2 hours, tops. I will tell her I want to work it out for the baby, but you are really sick. Ok?"
John grabs Sherlock by the shoulder that is tucked into the mattress and grabs him round. In the dim light they are facing each other. Sherlock's eyes are still shut, John kisses him, running his tongue against his lips. Sherlock giggles (honest to God giggles), while John kisses him awake. They shift so they are in the middle of Sherlock's bed (their bed.)
John waited for Sherlock to continue. He observed his eyes flick back and forth, reading him as a stranger.
John covered his mouth with his hand. He felt bad for eavesdropping. Whatever the two of them were discussing needed to be kept between them, but he couldn't keep his eyes off of them. He was transfixed by the look on Sherlock's face, and the way he held Hamish close to him. The tear and snot stained shirt that Hamish held in a death grip in one hand and his rabbit in the other. Sherlock's face conveyed such love and concern, completely focused on the young boy. John noticed, in the pale light of the lamp, how Hamish's face was thinning and he was growing into his longer limbs.
"John, John." Sherlock kisses John, pecks and kisses on his jaw, his cheeks, he takes his hand and kisses the inside of his palm. John rubs Shelock's lips and cheek with his thumb, and they slip down into the bed, facing each other, winding around each other.
"I uh," Robert began, coughing slightly, "Didn't think you'd want to...have lunch. With me. This is nice."
John slowed, finally pulling away, wiping himself and Sherlock off with the bed linens. The sun brightened the room, and as Sherlock crawled on top of John, the light reflected behind him, casting his curls in a glow. He kissed John sleepily, comparing the feel of his mouth to the feel of the skin of his chin or behind his ear. John tossed a sheet over both of them as he heard steps approach the door.
Sherlock was mapping the city's layout when at at 6:32  his landlady, Mrs. Hudson, rang the doorbell. She lived in south London, and would only call on Sherlock occasionally to check on the flat. Was everything satisfactory? We're the windows in good repair? Did the stove work?
"Yes, there is a spare bed closest to the cow door and stable. It's a small bed but it's been cleaned up and it's warm. We can put the horse up near you. The horse and the straw will keep you warm."
His heart hurts, wondering if years of their wanting each other, but not acting on it, had done this to each other. "Sherlock," As he wipes away more tears, "Let me take you to bed, if you'll let me? I love you. I want to be only yours."
"Let's make your grand entrance, darling cousin. Let's have a late lunch with John Watson so I can properly terrorize him to treat you gently."
John barely makes it to the cabin before the rain; it's still quite light outside in the late afternoon sun. He knocks and knocks, but no one answers. It's abandoned; a vacation cabin. He doesn't even have to pick a lock to get in. The door cracks open with a solid push.
Before he closes his eyes, he puts his weapon back together, taking the safety off. He tucks it right under the couch where he can easily reach it.
Sherlock shivered as he helped John sit back down. He laid John's kilt on the bush, spreading out all his clothing so they dried efficiently. He looked at the tartan pattern, considering for a moment how different his life was becoming based on the tartan he'd worn one day.
They were perspiring, sweat was rolling from John's nose and fell on Sherlock. John smiles, then kisses Sherlock again. Their movements, their pushes, touches, moaning of each other's names became more desperate. John feels himself move closer and closer to release as Sherlock tightens around him. John's cock shifts at Sherlock's shuddering; spilling onto their stomachs. John came, grabbing and crying Sherlock's name, nipping at his neck as Sherlock dug his nails into John's back.
John was cut off by a yelp from the doorway, "You two weren't taking a nap. You were kissing in here! Gross."
"That felt," Sherlock began, scooting closer to John so their noses almost touched, "absolutely extraordinary. You were so close to me. I could feel you. Your pulse. Your breath."
Sherlock is pushed, is turned back around, arms  grasped by an operative. John imagines this must be all for show, a soundless video for Mary.
One day, running down the street after a thief, Sherlock stopped in the middle of a crossing path. Not only that, Sherlock stopped in the middle of his sentence and completely lost his train of thought. John skidded, crashing into his back. He cursed, wondering what in the buggery
John grabbed Sherlock even closer, causing his groom to lose his breath, "I have to get you to bed. Properly. I know we just got dressed-"
Sherlock laughed, "It did feel like we were married already. Having to get ready, in the same place."
So, Sherlock had left the suit. He had been asleep, but he wondered why Sherlock had left it without saying anything. He considered that he'd possibly ruined his friendship with Sherlock, but he wasn't even sure what he did.
Sherlock nodded, his stomach pooling with heat. John took the first vial of oil, putting the bag back on the floor. He ran the oil in between his fingers, keeping his eyes on Sherlock.
When John insisted that he would come to the wedding, even without an RSVP, Sherlock knew he was wrong. Sherlock hadn't wanted to see that they had been lovers.  Sherlock's final hold on reality had been that John simply didn't love men.
He dreams. Pleasant dreams during his slumber; the last kisses he remembers with Sherlock, tea, the view outside their flat.
Sherlock Holmes hated clan weddings. They were full of everything he couldn't stand. Being around people he didn't know, entertaining and dancing. It was exhausting.
Sherlock leans back in the couch, steepling his fingers underneath his chin, the sweaty letters tucked into his palm.
Sherlock stops, turns around, face completely blank, then his eyebrows slowly come together, "I didn't write it for her."
John paused. He lifted his pelvis just a bit so the tips of their cocks were barely touching. John shook his head, fitting kisses across Sherlock's cheeks, chin and forehead, "Do you not know that I am wholly yours? You make me feel as if I am the virgin on their wedding night. You blast out my thoughts like a spring storm. You've already taken me. I am yours to touch. Touch me, as much or as little as you like. I will only touch you if you take my hands and guide them. I want to know for sure you are welcoming it. In thought and body."
Sherlock sighed, sat back, and advised he'd rather tell him someplace more private. It was a long story to tell.
The two young men created what they agreed was the most morbid Pinterest account to ever be created. They linked theatres, dates, plays, directors, playwrights, set designers, locations and producers. There was nothing they could find that linked the incidents except Moriarty.
"Ok!" Hamish beamed. He hopped off the couch and went back to his stack of papers, working through the guest list and activities for his birthday party. John felt tears pricking at his eyes as Sherlock turned to look at him. Sherlock rubbed the pad of his thumb under John's eyes, wiping the tears away. Sherlock leaned in, kissing John deeply. "I love you so much," he breathed, loud enough for both Hamish and John to hear.
"I mean every word, Sherlock," John stares at him intently.  Sherlock looks back at him, as he is buttoning up his white shirt, tucking it into his black pants, "I love you. We need to placate her, and get you away from her. I can't live -"
"I need to know what to look for! It's really important. In this case the police are currently working, they say Mr. Wiggins killed Joseph Brandow-"
He couldn't will himself to return to Baker Street. He doubled back against other streets, walked through a park, drank coffee as he sant on a bench. John finally decided on a gesture, an apology, for whatever he had done that had upset Sherlock. Because he was British, and male, and his long distant ancestors were poets and playwrights and professional romantics, he decided he would woo Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock turned around to face Dimmock, pointing at him. He then signed back at the wife. After a few more minutes of this back and forth, Sherlock grabbed John's arm and moved him closer to Dimmock. He took John's phone and handed it to Dimmock, mimicking writing with a pen. He raised his eyebrows at John.
The detective, his shirt half buttoned, doesn't let John finish. He crosses the room, takes John in a kiss, hands on either side of his face. "I know. I know. I trust you. Should I wait for you here?"
. Over the next two weeks, he learned that a helicopter had life flighted him to the nearest port in Norway, then back to London when he was more stable. Sherlock wasn't able to ride with him, and Mycroft had come to pick Sherlock up.
"He's your protection. He needs to know. Billy, you see, my sons love each other. Roderick killed one of Magnussen's editors, had to be sent away. Sherlock blamed himself for deducing the affair and setting everything in motion. It wasn't Sherlock's fault at all. It was mine-"
Sherlock's parents came over to Sherlock, shaking him gently awake. He blinked, realizing he'd fallen asleep on the couch. He was now lying on it, alone, blankets piled around him. He was quite warm.
"Are you cold?" Sherlock tried to pull up the blanket to coax John to join him, but his limbs felt heavy. He was sleepy again, even though it seemed he'd been sleeping for nearly three days.
As he explained this, Hamish got on the couch and sat next to Sherlock. John leaned forward a bit so he could see Hamish from around Sherlock. The three of them were lined up on the couch, right in a row, John and Sherlock watching Hamish.
Sherlock heard muffled voices through the closed bedroom door. He took a deep breath, reminding himself that no matter when he went into the living room it would be awkward. As he stepped into the room, attempting to smooth down his bedhead of curls, he saw John standing next to a man that looked just like John except he had silver laced in his blonde hair and he had a few more wrinkles. His mother had brown hair, in long wavy lengths, interspersed with highlights of silver. They all beamed at Sherlock, which instantly caused his cheeks and neck to flush.
"Our sons. Goodness." Daddy Holmes rubs his eyes. They are currently watching a video of Sherlock and Roderick playing pirates, with a tied up Mycroft stuck on a tree.
Sherlock has been home for two days; John is practicing acting, keeping his mind and his facial expressions quiet and neutral. He knew, meeting Mycroft, what he would say. That John would need to stay out of the plans. John was not good at lying, at covert operations, especially when it came to Sherlock, or Mary. He was volatile, open, easily read. John's stomach churned as he waited for Mycroft, looking out the window at the cabs and the pedestrians. He swirled his coffee cup, his jaw clenching, his eyes watering from too little sleep. Mycroft comes in the cafe: three piece suit, put out expression, umbrella. He slides in the booth across from John. John thinks of the conversation regarding Irene's 'death' and what deductions can be made of Sherlock's heart, and his childhood desire to be a pirate.
"-and then extract Roderick with his connections. He's willing to die, Mummy, for us and I hardly know him-" Mycroft tries to hiccup breath, but he can't. He feels his face flush, his chest constrict. He's never felt this way in his life; he's terrified, remembering the pain from before, sad when they had to send Roderick away, holding Sherlock while he wailed over Redbeard, surely, but this is too much.
That way Sherlock said his name. Was most definitely his favorite. Breathy and passionate and in wonder. That was his favorite.
Mycroft holding hands with a man over lunch two days ago. A government official, in a relationship with a man? May not be enough for a pressure point. Yet.
Sherlock turned to him, looking at him and then Greg, "Is that enough to go on, Detective Inspector? Is there anything else?" Sherlock had to bite his tongue and visit his mind palace to keep from blurting out something rude to Greg about the incompetence of his police force. As always, Greg was thankful, and was able to piece the rest of it together on his own.
Drugging. Billy had resorted to drugging. Of course, Sherlock's protégé would also be an expert chemist.
Unloading the boxes into Sherlock's sparse apartment, the rooms filled up quickly. John caught Sherlock biting his lip as the movers were loading the last boxes into his laboratory. "Sherlock, is this too much?" John rubbed his arm, "I know you're used to your space."
He sees William's cell by the couch. He thinks of calling or texting Sherlock, but he decides against it. Instead, he slips out quietly, shivering in his sweatshirt against the crisp, early morning air. He crouches a moment outside to put the shoes on.
"John," is all Sherlock can say. He buries his head into his dear love's neck and allows John to rub his back until they fall back asleep.
Mycroft rubs Robert's coarse curls. They're too short to pull, or run his fingers through, but the texture feels lovely on his fingers and his palm, "You may have me confused with someone else."
John smiled as Sherlock helped him balance the food on his lap. Sherlock attempted to feed John, but John shook his head, breaking off pieces of fish and feeding it to Sherlock bit by bit. When Sherlock licked his fingers, he felt a pool of warmth in his stomach.
"I do have Hamish. But he's so mad at me, I can't talk to him. He won't tell me what he's deduced, because that's
Sherlock looked at John. His eyes were watering, but he was pursing lips together so hard they were white.
John met Mycroft out in the park near St. Bart's; the same park where Mike Stamford stopped him to talk to him, and where the events of meeting his eccentric roommate first began. They decided not to meet at Mycroft's office; that would tip off, if Sherlock deduced it, that there were business dealings. They were chatting. John was nervous about his relationship with Sherlock. Mycroft worries about him constantly. All true.
As Roger walked away, indicating for Sherlock to sit in the waiting room, he gestured to the person at the front desk, "Get this boy a folder on our internships, would you?"
Sherlock tried to nod, but he couldn't. He was terrified he would burst into tears. He dug his fingernails from his right hand into his left palm. He didn't raise his head, but lifted his eyes just enough to see Tavis looking back at him from across the table. Tavis' lips were pursed into a thin line.
Hamish was standing next to Sherlock when the police barged in the door. He jumped, and Sherlock gathered him into his arms, moving to stand next to John who still had his gun on Mr. Hudson. As soon as the suspect was handcuffed and in custody, Sherlock handed Hamish over to John. John and Hamish both began weeping.
John laughed, "I think someone else couldn't wait, either." Hamish sat on the other side of his daddy, picking at the breakfast tray as John and Sherlock admired the ring on John's finger. Sherlock took his time kissing John, running his finger over the ring, explaining to John how he and Hamish had picked out a ring that was yellow gold to match John's hair.
"This," John teases, lowering himself so closely to his entrance, just teasing him with the tip, "Is for never paying for taxis."
"I'm sorry, Mr. Detective, I can go get daddy-" The boy, blonde haired, lanky, covered in freckles, did his best to straighten up his wrinkled clothes as he stood up.
Sherlock shut his eyes. He puckered his lips, waiting. John thought it was preciously adorable, but he didn't dare laugh. He gently kissed those puckered lips, and John could feel Sherlock trembling.
"Sherlock," John pulled Sherlock tightly to him. John still couldn't really use his left hand, it was no longer in a sling. He did the best he could to show his love for Sherlock with his one set of fingers and his mouth.
Sherlock made a very strong pressed pot of coffee and sat down on the couch to eat some dry toast. Daemon was at the computer at the desk, near the window. Their heads snapped up when the bedroom door opened. John stumbled out of the bedroom. His hair was pushed in every direction and yesterday's clothes were rumpled upon his frame. John came over to Sherlock and laid on the couch, placing his head on his lap. Sherlock stroked through John's blonde locks.
He's never thought of himself as a coward, but with Sherlock he has been. Has been for years. Over the past few months he's circled around what he's wanted to do, what he longs to say. He backtracks, he stops and starts, he reaches out to touch but moves his hand back. He wants, desires, aches, pines, but he does it alone. He would rather keep him close, as something less than what he wants, than lose him all together. Losing him again, or choosing anyone else over him again, would kill him.
Sherlock chuckled, squeezing John's fingers, "Yes. That part is also brilliant," he brought John's hand up to his lips and kissed it gently, "I've always wanted to be a pirate. I figured when we find whoever is doing we can make them walk the plank."
John whispers loudly, as if this were a great secret, "Where is your violin? Did we forget your violin?"
John and Sherlock pitch into a fit of giggles. This is what John loves and adores; they can laugh about the most inappropriate things. Murders, running after cabbies, shooting at people, there is no subject off limits to them finding hilarious.
Sherlock waited until he was out of sight until he went inside his doorway. His legs were shaking and he was short of breath. He regretted not staying with John, but he couldn't move too quickly. He didn't do well sleeping in a bed with someone else, not without knowing them very well, and not without working out what to expect. Most partners were not that patient, that's why he hadn't bothered for years.
Sherlock. Soaking wet, hair and clothing sticking to him, dressed in layered jumpers and jeans so he would blend in with anyone.
"Yes," Sherlock nodded. He was expecting to be kissed, but instead, John just sat close to him. Sherlock looked down at the scraps of grass and the sand. He wove his fingers through John's, resting them on top of his lap. He marveled at the paleness of his skin and the golden hues of John's.
Sherlock grinned, spreading out the handfasting cloth as a blanket. The wagon really was bare, except for one small bag at his feet. He tried to pick it up to look in it, but John stopped him.
His heart ached. It was the night before his wedding. He wanted to punch something, fight, yell. He decided he would work on his wedding vows instead. He thanked Julie and returned to his room, tired and heartbroken. He pulled off the piece of paper on the suit that Sherlock had written on.
Mummy, Daddy, and Mycroft are quiet. Billy is in the backroom sweeping. Mycroft coughs, begins to speak, then has to start again.
John pulled Sherlock into a hug, kissing him soundly, "That's what it's like to be a parent, Sherlock, constantly worrying. Always concerned something completely out of your control is going to happen. It's a constant state of anxiety. You just do the best you can." Sherlock's lower lip trembled, "What if it's my fault? I go against criminals sometimes. What if they target me? Then you, or Hamish?"
As they arrived at Sherlock's flat, Sherlock was bounding out of the cab before it was fully stopped. He carelessly threw some money at the cabbie. He went to the door, hearing John behind him. As he opened the door, he wished he could've blocked the scene from John.
"Was that our second date, Sherlock?" John smiled, pressing himself up against the detective, "If so, that was the best date I've ever been on."
Dimmock turned to John, "Wait, he's Deaf, too? How the fuck is he supposed to interpret while still being Deaf. This isn't going to-"
you are so clever. I knew you would find the next clue. You remember everything. Even the story of how I became absolutely lovesick from watching you. The color purple is for the passion I feel for you, that I long for the warmth and constancy of you in my bed and at my side. Green is for the grass that was wet with dew where I watched you dance for the first time. Red is for your lovely cheeks and neck. They flush so beautifully when you are in passion or embarrassed. I didn't know who you were when I rode up on you dancing. You struck me as a young boy, barely a man, beautiful and sweet. My heart was truly yours when I learned the stable boy and Sherlock Holmes were one in the same."
Sherlock pulled the car directly in front of a modest restaurant only a few minutes from the police station. After parking the car, he notated in his phone and turned it so John could read it.
"Sherlock, wake up. Your phone has been beeping so much it's driving me crazy," Mrs. Hudson stood at the side of his bed, dressed and ready to go out, makeup applied and purse in hand. He poked his head out from under the covers, just his bloodshot eyes and his greasy curls visible above the duvet.
This time, his body, his mind, betrays him. John is in front of him, telling him he never loved him, but Sherlock is holding declarations of love in his hands and John's scent around his neck. It didn't compute.
Hamish bounced up and down, grasping his hands in front of his face. He was absolutely buzzing, "Yes, papa!"
John texts Mary as he heard Sherlock rustling in the bedroom. "Let's meet at a cafe. To talk for a bit." He shuts the phone, put it back in his pocket. Sherlock is padding over to him, wrapped only in a sheet. John is giggling, but didn't get up.
"You're the only one who knows," Robert explains, Roderick pulled close, Roberts fingers on the back of Roderick's neck, "Just in case, I wanted him to be next of kin."
"John, I...." John splayed himself over him, caging him in on the bed, his forearms on either side of his ears, John's groin above his, "I thought about you, when I would touch myself, how you would look, and feel. I've never...Someone tried to touch me, on a case last week, Harold, but it was wrong. I couldn't. It wasn't you."
As he begins a brisk walking pace, he bites into the apple and continues walking further away from London. He recalls the last letter he had tucked into Sherlock's bag. Just in case, he'd thought. He'd tucked it down deeper, so he'd hopefully find it last.
"I'm hungry," Hamish said, tapping his pencil against the notebook. John turned so Hamish couldn't see him and rolled his eyes at Sherlock. John got up off the bed, took a step back, bracing himself to help Sherlock back up to a standing position. It felt awkward as he was using all of his body weight and strength to maneuver someone nearly five inches taller than himself. They fought where to place their hands and feet. Sherlock looked at him, and they were lost in a fit of giggles.
John smiled at everyone, greeting them. He moved to the only empty chair at Sherlock's side. As they all sat, Sherlock felt John's hand brush his.
"Oh Lord, Jesus, Sherlock," John looks in his eyes, terrified, as he's been so quiet. Sherlock's eyes are slightly misty, but he pulls on John as John pulls back. Sherlock kisses John, whispering, "Keep me, please keep me, stay," and he kisses John's jawline, his neck, his chest.
Sherlock nodded, wiping the tears away with the bath water. The fragrance of the crushed leaves was similar to roses, lilacs and spiced mead. It was invigorating.
The flat, in reality, was townhouse. 221B, Baker Street was a four bedroom with a large bay window overlooking a pebble-stone street. A large bedroom with a king sized bed, a sitting room, large kitchen, office and research study, and two rooms that housed various materials for his experiments and costumes for his work. John tried not to show it but he was gasping as he went through each room. It was updated, modern, but sparsely furnished.
They changed the sheets, leaving the sticky ones on the floor. They were tired, and had every intention of sleeping, but the ended up facing one another and talking. They discussed plans, Hamish, and their parents. They debated over the kind of furniture to buy for the sitting room. Sherlock, his face bright red, complimented John on his repair of the wall.
"John, God, please, fuck me. God, begging you," John rubs lubricant on himself as slowly as possible, teasing him,"This is for the full severed head you left in our fridge,"
"Nothing, it's time for us to go." Again, Captain Watson voice. Hamish bit his lip, but kept talking.
John was behind him, then, holding his head in his lap. Sherlock tried to sit up so he could properly fit his whole body on John's lap, crawling up to gain leverage with his feet. His limbs weren't responding. He felt the grass on his toes and fingers, but he felt tired. He heard Tavis' voice.
Mummy Holmes is fussing over the young man on her couch; he has a bag of ice on his forehead. Sherlock confirmed, over speakerphone, and cussing, that the young man was Billy. Billy insisted that he was Sherlock's protégé. Sherlock kept correcting him. Their argument was giving Mummy a headache, so she finally disconnected the call.
"John, I won't break, I want you, I won't break…." John kissed him on the mouth, gently, "I know. I know you're strong, but I don't want to push you-"
Sherlock worried he was in trouble, but Hamish was grinning. Hamish helped him off the chair into John's bedroom. Sherlock stayed in the doorway, but John gestured him inside and shut the door behind him.
The pain of being apart aches; John finds it a bit more tolerable than Sherlock because he has grieved his death after a jump from St. Bart's. John comforts himself with remembering Sherlock is alive and simply a call or text away.
"I had been alone. Last fall, I'd had to run the foal births by myself. I could use the help, if my partner was so inclined, as well as someone to be with. I'd seen you, at a distance, when I'd been out riding and surveying the edge of my property. You were conducting an experiment with your brother on grass fire causes and prevention," John tickled Sherlock's ear in affection, "You'd had piles of rocks and pre-burned grass. You don't remember me, but I stopped and asked questions. You spoke so fast, and your mind moved from one topic to another, you were fascinating. My head clans woman made the match with your mother. I could give you security and help your family. You could give me joy. Become my family."
John, who is more used to physical affection and relationships, is keeping his attention a little more; but only slightly. They lean into each other, they give one another sidelong glances, they pat or grab one another's hands when they feel the other is upset about the discussion.
Sherlock looked away and turned to Jaime, "You all found me tiresome when we were children. You told me that no one would put up with me and my sharp tongue or my ridiculous habits. You know me better than anyone else and you can't stand me."
John and Sherlock settled into their sides of the bed, still grinning at one another. They slept in starts and stops until morning, stroking each other's hair and holding hands when they caught the other awake.
Sherlock was biting his lip. He thought he might burst from a laughing fit, "John, I want to laugh, but I don't want him to think I'm laughing at him. He's so serious. He's amazing. He might be right about the case, if it's the one I'm thinking of, weather does throw off the estimated time of death quite a bit," Sherlock laughed, looking down at John, "Are you ok?"
"No baby," John pulled him close in an embrace, "No, no. Never. If you're a virgin, I'm not having sex with you on a green room couch, for god's sakes."
He looks up and around. No CCTV cameras. Could the Holmes brothers be unable to track him? Surely, it wouldn't be that hard to figure out walking distance from the airport, at least soon.
Sherlock finally pulled back slightly to look at John's cock. It was weeping with precome,  thick and uncut, curving to John's right. Sherlock pulled back the foreskin and engulfted the entire head, causing John to cry out, "Sweet lord, Sherlock, have mercy," at this, Sherlock looked up at John, and their eyes met, and John knew that he was done for. Sherlock hummed around him, licking and kissing and sucking, and John felt his orgasm build quickly and release. Sherlock swallowed him, rubbing John's thighs as he did so, then rubbing up and down his stomach, the crease in his hips.
"Sssshh," John cooed, moving up close to Sherlock, "I wanted to marry you. To surprise you. You didn't have to prepare or do anything. All you have to say is yes, and that is only if you want to. As I told you, I will care for you, and your family, whether or not you marry me. If you don't want to marry me, you don't have to do so. I love you enough to let you do what you would like to do."
Sherlock had shamed John by publicly shaming an elder clan member. The rest of the clan would surely demand he leave, or worse, call John over to hear the story.
The path swoops up and around to a beautiful, open space with rocks that reminds him a bit of Dartmoor. In the distance, he can see a cabin, in fairly good shape from what he can tell. Beyond that, he sees another small town in the distance. He estimates he can stop at the cabin for the evening, then continue on to the small town the next day. He may even be able to hitch a ride.
John looked up. The other man was perfectly still, hands clenched, ready to spar. John couldn't help smiling, "That is amazing. Absolutely brilliant. How could you possibly know all that about me? Or my sister? That's fantastic. Genius."
Sherlock squeezes his fingers, then brings his hand to John's chin to bring it up to look him in the eyes, "I can't lose you, either. I'm not going anywhere. Together." Sherlock kisses him quickly on the mouth, then smooths his hair back. They share a small smile.
Moriarty agrees to full cooperation with them in exchange for Seb's safety. Mycroft insists they need video of Moriarty to reveal his return to London at just the right moment.  Lestrade agrees to film Moriarty when he's had a chance to clean himself and get himself put back together; he laments "Why am
Mycroft turns on his heel and leaves John. He takes a moment to watch Mycroft walk around the corner, then he walks the other way to the front door of the cafe. As he rounds the corner, he pulls on his cheeks, stuffing his hands into his pockets.
"I love you, my Sherlock. Let's get you clean and then we will review the farm. See what we want to take back to our home."
Sherlock smiled, "I like him. I'm sure he heard you just fine, he's just getting used to ignoring you, like the rest of us-" She poked him with her clipboard, "Shut up. Be nice to him. I'd like him to stick around for more than one show."
"Oh no," Sherlock lays his head on John's chest, his ear on his heart, and John feels moisture spreading on his shirt.
Before Sherlock could ask any questions, the man pulled away his plaid cloak and let it slip off of his shoulders. He was completely bare chested. He took a moment to wrap the tartan fittings around his shoulder in a few quick tugs and a tuck into his kilt.
John took both of his hands and put them on either side of Sherlock's face, "Let me help you forget how cold they are, my Sherlock."
They hear the group approaching from 11 o'clock position. John breathes, listening to Mycroft's soft command and hand gestures for silence.
John suggested they take the tube, as it was only three stops up, but Sherlock blanched and advised he'd pay for their cab to the restaurant. John didn't pry, and they sat next to each other in the cab, their pinkies and ring fingers touching.
Sherlock took two large strides and stood in front of John, pressing him up against the wall, "You mean this, every word you said?" He asked, looking down into John's face.
"I just, I just don't know," Sherlock went into the kitchen to start the kettle, "Let me make you some tea,"
Sherlock took a napkin and pressed it to his thumb, and nodded. John came back, balancing four coffees and four plates of food on a tray. He gave his parents a pointed look as he sat their food down, the ceramic clapping against the heavy wood.
Mycroft, listening to the domestic sounds of Robert digging into the cabinet for ground coffee, sits on the top step of the staircase.
"Not as much. I would make deductions about his boyfriend, Greg Lestrade, and it made my brother upset. He had to remind me quite often about our mother to get me to stop."
John rises up to kiss Sherlock, and Sherlock gently pushes him down into the mattress. John bites his lip as Sherlock kisses and nips across his chest, his belly, his hip bones. He moves slowly; kissing, nipping, tasting. He looks up at John from under his long eyelashes before nuzzling into the crease between his groin and hip.
John thought, desperately trying to get his rogue thoughts under control. He was watching him from the back, his eyes traveling down, and it took all his strength to pull himself together and act professional.
His head pounded. He moved forward, putting his head in his hands. Why was he here? Where was everyone? Why did his head hurt?
After being surrounded by people for most of his adult life, army comrades, roommates, London's police force, it is calming to be laying  down in the back of a jeep, looking up at the stars. His eyes prick a little with tears as he wonders if Sherlock knows where he is, or even if he misses him, but his anger and selfish feelings push that aside.
Mycroft stares, at his baby brother, tears running down his face, curls long enough to cover his neck. He looks just like when he was eight.
John looked at Mycroft, and they slowly snuck through the door, down a hallway, and fanned out into a larger room with a cement floor. Three men stayed outside to guard. John was reminded of an extraction mission of a POW accompany a group of American soldiers. They'd snuck in, put bullets through four insurgents skulls, came out with a beaten American army doctor that he patched up as best he could before the ambulance helicopter arrived.
look. Hamish did his best to bite his tongue, and give himself a moment to come back with an answer that wasn't harsh, "No, no. It's not romantic love. It's parental love, or familial love."
John looked at the fire. Tavis tapped his knee to get his attention, "Lord Watson, I tell you this to encourage you. My cousin hardly knows how to behave around you now that he knows he loves you. He's so afraid that at any moment you will see the real him and leave him. He's always been smart, spoken exactly what's on his mind, and kept to himself with experiments. He's made himself to think he's unlovable."
"We can't see each other. My promotion is too important." He hands the pen and paper over to Mycroft. Robert makes a production out of sighing, and rearranging books on his bookshelf in a seeming fit of nerves.
I have never put notes in, but I fucking love Robert. He's based on a couple real life people I put together. I can't wait for the other chapters about him.
Sherlock looks at the ground; there are footprints that seem to move to the direction of the cabin. He breaks out into a sprint towards the small, wooden building.
John didn't understand. He didn't have a husband. Sherlock didn't want to be his husband. John had died before he'd gotten to tell Sherlock how much he loved him. He was dead, or dying, alone.
John keeps his eyes scrunched shut; he grabs onto someone's (shirt? Pant leg?) as he tries to stop the spinning. He remembers days riding in Humvees, rolling over sand and through towns like waves, moving against and with the heated metal and the arid, dry heat. If he couldn't see outside the Humvee window he would get dizzy and his eyesight would narrow to a small pinprick. John wills himself to open his eyes, to see where he is, but he can't. He continues to hold onto the fabric (God, he hopes it's Sherlock....)
Sherlock had been in a state of anxious anticipation for so long he couldn't believe the day had arrived. He was happy that his family's future was secured, while also overjoyed and nervous with the idea of being John Watson's husband.
Sherlock couldn't catch every word, but John said something regarding "Ideas in his head" and "terrifying" and "he does not need to be afraid."
"Yes, Sherlock." Mycroft leaves quietly, keeping the door slightly ajar. He goes downstairs to pour himself a scotch while he stares out the window. There is so much waiting in stakeouts, and missions. Terribly boring and tedious; always why Mycroft normally left the field work to the smartest goldfish.
. They bickered a bit over what to wear, if there would be flowers. They went through life as normal, arguing and acting as Sherlock and John, but with their wedding ahead of them. A wedding, a marriage, that John had no intention of annulling, a wedding that John was unsure they would ever consummate.
Hamish grinned, "Daddy's teaching me how to shave. Daddy is shaving because-" John gave Hamish a look, "You'll find out!!" Hamish yelled, running back into the bathroom and nearly losing his towel in the process.
John takes off his shirt so he can more directly feel the silk and sinew of his lover's back. They hardly move; John keeps his ear pressed tightly to the back of his detective. John clearly hears his heartbeat, the bow pulling, the low notes resonating. He feels warm, and tired. John pulls Sherlock closer as tears trickle down his face and spreads over his shirt.
"Always you four," Sherlock growled, trying again to crawl up into John's lap. Sherlock felt John's legs move and his arms open.
As everyone broke bread, Mummy Holmes questioned John Watson. All the side conversation at the table stopped when she spoke.
"Oh for God's sakes," Sherlock huffs off, and changes into one of his impeccable outfits. John comes to stand in the doorway between his bedroom and the hallway, cocking his hip and crossing his arms and right foot over the left.
"Problem?" Sherlock kisses John before he can answer, still guiding him to the bed by his waist and his hips. He's rubbing his hands up and down his sides, pulling at John's clothing and his own. Before Sherlock can complete the task, John feels dizzy.
Sherlock's ribs felt better, just a little creaky, so he spread out on the couch and turned on the television. There was a special news story on how there had been another decomposing body found in the park, this time with substantial markings that the 'police weren't releasing at this time.'
"Yes, Sherlock?" He turned slightly, scrambling the eggs and ham. He put two more pieces of toast in. He was bracing himself. Anything, anything at all could be coming out of Sherlock's mouth. John only regretted not drinking some coffee already.
"You know the answer to that question." Mycroft pulls his phone back out, "I have some leads to follow. Get him home, give him my love. Keep this between the two of us. I will come by later. They won't keep him too long. I will double surveillance."
Mycroft equates it to watching a couple waltz, a couple that's been together so long they know when to sway, step forward, or back. No words. Nudges and anticipatory movements from two halves of the whole. John tells Sherlock an inappropriate joke in the middle of their macabre discussion of Mary and Moriarty and Magnussen. Sherlock laughs and gently pokes John in the ribs. John laughs, rubbing Sherlock's curly hair, and Sherlock tilts his head into the touch of his fingers. They forget for a few moments that Mycroft is there, but Mycroft bites his tongue and just observes.
"You, sir, were rescued from someone, or something…" Billy looks from one to the other, Daddy Holmes has now turned around, "a failing marriage? A boring life? And this woman, your wife, completely turned your life around. Your life is far different than what you expected it would be from thirty years ago, judging from all the photos-" He gestures to everything he can see, on the wall, on the mantles, "from all those years ago, compared to now. In the office of yours, sir, I can imagine you before, and you after. She's rescued you from something, and saved your life."
When he was dried, dressed, and in the living room, Mrs. Hudson was no where to be seen. He called for her. No answer. He imagined she must have grown impatient, as he'd been in the bathroom at least for half an hour.
15 days. 15 to complete plans, finish construction on the fake façade, move in on taking care of Magnussen. He was kept fuzzy on the details of taking care of Mary, on purpose, but he knew the deadline was nearly the same.
"Sherlock," Mycroft takes him by the shoulders and pushes him back slightly, kindly, so he can look him in the eyes, "You need to pack. Your car is downstairs. We need to get you out before Mary catches you. I have a disguise. Mrs. Hudson will travel with you, so you can be presumed to be her relative if we are under surveillance. I'll go talk to Mrs. Hudson so you two can have your goodbyes."
Sherlock is shaking so badly that John has to help him up. John pulls Sherlock to him, leaning him against him, then begins again to stroke his hair and kiss his brow.
Puzzled for a moment, Robert wrinkles his brows, then finally answers, "You know I would love to. But I'm protecting my heart a bit. I need you to decide. Be sure. I'm sure about you, Mycroft. I trust you. I love you. I've already come
"I need to sit," John reaches back for the bed, nearly falling on the bed sheets and blankets crumpled on the floor.
The nurse smiled, "They pushed it through with witnesses and the vows you wrote. We couldn't bear," At this she teared up, "to keep him apart from you, and knowing what was going on. We did have to separate him when he became hysterical, but he had more rights as a spouse. So they pushed it through, in case," the nurse shook her head, "you're an army doctor, you're stubborn, you've exceeded all expectations."
Sherlock woke to a wet pillow and crusty hair that stuck up at all angles. His last thought from the night before had been his heart to heart discussions with John, and then a quick fall into blissful sleep.
"Captain Dr. John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, three years Afghanistan, sir." They salute one another, then shake hands.
John knew he loved most of the ways Sherlock said his name, but he also loved Sherlock calling him a term of endearment.  He was rooted to the spot, guests moving around them, a chandelier sparkling above them, and all John saw was Sherlock's eyes that were crinkled in a smile.
John stopped. There was a shaking crash, a clattering of metal. A car crash? A bomb?  There was yelling. Too close to be outside.
Mummy Holmes has put Billy to work. She decides, if he's part of her protection, she will keep him near and busy. She is quite used to dealing with young boys with too much energy for their own good. He's scrubbed the windows, helped put up the last of the very tall Christmas decorations, and even reorganized the baking pantry. She sends him to the back of the house when Mycroft arrives so they can have some privacy.
"Will you lie with me without any plaids, my husband?" Sherlock asked, letting go of John's hand to unwrap the plaid from his upper body. He didn't wait for an answer as he unclipped his kilt and his brogues and socks, slipping under the covers, completely bare. He turned to watch John, beautiful John, keep his eyes on Sherlock as he took off all his clothing, piling it on top of Sherlock's plaids.
"No, no, no," Sherlock shook his head back and forth, his curls tumbling over his head and the fabric beneath, his hands running up and down John's legs in an attempt to sooth him, "You're my first kiss. Just earlier. You're always my first in everything. When
Robert clicks on a laptop, then texts on the cell phone.  In a moment, he coughs, turning the phone so John can read the message:
John hardly finished a sentence with his parents when Hamish demanded to be passed the phone. Now eight years old, Hamish had never had tantrums, even when he was a toddler. This morning, John heard his son having a full blown meltdown.When nothing worked to quiet the child, John's parents relented and handed Hamish the phone. John had to stop outside the restaurant and let go of Sherlock's hand so he could plug one of his ears.
John and Sherlock exited the bedroom, dressed and clean. Sherlock felt pride, joy and wonder that the man at his side was his betrothed. He had cared for him, comforted him, dressed him and braided his hair into oiled and decorated braids. William had insisted that he should be the one to braid Sherlock's hair, as his helpmate since childhood, but John was resolute that he wanted to learn. John assured William that he would have a high station in their new household but that there were some tasks pertaining to Sherlock's care that he would be taking over as his husband.
Sherlock gave him a lopsided smile, "It's been nice having you here. Sorry it's not going to last very long."
They spent the next couple of hours talking, bringing wood to the stage, measuring, and adapting the partially built scaffold to fit what they needed it to do. Sherlock found himself watching the tech director as he easily made and remembered measurements in his head, climbed the scaffolding in seconds, all while smiling and laughing and telling jokes. Rather than berating Sherlock when he didn't understand what the equipment was or how to use it, he was patient, giving Sherlock the names of the tools discretely. As they were working on their last set of smaller pieces, Sherlock kept having to blow his curls out of his eyes. John went over to Sherlock and pushed his hair out of his eyes for him, teasing "I love your hair, but goodness, it would get in my way." Sherlock felt warm as John came close and smoothed his hair out of his face for him. He grinned back, hoping he didn't look too ridiculous.
John did his best to wipe his tears and control himself, but then Sherlock reached up and patted his cheek, kissing his lips and as he lay back down, told John, "I want you to be my first and only."
They don't talk. John can't really see Sherlock's face, and John surmises Sherlock can't really see, either. They're still close to the cabin, so John begins walking back towards the light in the window.
Molly, the other interpreter, came up and touched Sherlock on the shoulder, pointing at her wristwatch. He gave a few gestures that John didn't understand, and then Molly spoke extremely clearly, loud enough for others to hear, "How dare you make fun of him for being Deaf. What is wrong with you?"
He smiles, turning the card over to the flap, where Sherlock would have presumably licked the envelope seal. He places a kiss on the flap before continuing to open it.
"Sherlock, I want you to remember that you're mine. Forever. Remember, from this first time, I was the first person to have you."
"I no longer can continue this façade." Final. There would be no discussion, then, "I find no way out of the wedding, which will take place in three days. All the papers are filed, but Mycroft will annul it immediately. I obtained another room on another floor, letting the captain believe I want to be away from my," he stumbled on the next words, "fiancee before the wedding night, as I am an old fashioned romantic. Friday at 1pm is the wedding. I arranged for a suit in your size to be delivered to the room." At this, Sherlock got up from the bed and moved to leave.
Sherlock grips John's biceps and searches his face in a frantic, sweeping motion. "You're so much stronger than I am, John. I can't, I can't think. You're all I have. I know this is the most dangerous situation we're putting ourselves in. I'm putting you in."
, Hamish, and you love him back. I love how you make each other better, how there are parts of you, Hamish, that I cannot keep up with. I want to, but my brain doesn't work like a scientist, or a chemist. I don't understand what you're talking about. You two, you and Papa, fit together like peas in a pod. I never thought…" John feels his eyes well up and his voice catches.
"No," Sherlock's voice was somewhat sharp, but it caught John's attention, "But in knowing this information we can prevent it from happening to someone else."
Sherlock looks at John. John looks at Mycroft. Mycroft begins, leaning forward on his umbrella, "Sherlock, my sources believe Mary was in Magnussen's office that night to kill you, and not Magnussen. She's been stopped for now, but to protect you, my sources and I need to move you from Baker Street. What I mean is, that's what I recommend. She is under the impression, according to her discussions we've taped, that you are in hospital. If you stay here, that assumption will be broken."
Sherlock pushed his plate away and looked down at his hands. He felt invisible, and wished he actually were so.
Sherlock sits in a chair, having makeup and oil added to his face by Anthea. For pallor. To convey illness. To play his role.
As he checks his messages, his face becomes more and more lined, gritty, pupils pinpointed in the dark.
Sherlock felt that he'd talked himself into a corner and he couldn't get himself out of it. He waited for John to feel insulted and march off, but instead he started laughing.
Daemon shook his head, "That's brilliant how your mind works. Insane that you can make that connection, but brilliant. John said you were amazing."
John grinned back, eyes bright, "It's important for me to change based on my story. To get better. Not be stuck in the past and wallowing in what my life could've been."
When the bead was free, Sherlock used his oiled fingers to help John undo a leather thong on the sporran to thread it through the bead. His face turned red when he realized how close his hands were to John's intimate parts, but he was no longer shakingly afraid. He felt safe.
He drifted to sleep imagining what it would be like to have John carry him over the threshold of his own house.
John had responded by darkening his door, less than an hour later. In looking back over John's clothes, he realized he'd been on his way to work. He'd had a sitter for Hamish, most likely, so he'd called in sick or simply dashed away from his duties to see Sherlock. As soon as he could.
. Bland enough name that most people just don't bother checking to see if they really do know me. My Facebook photo is a cut from someone in the background of one of Mycroft's photos that is also an acquaintance of Greg and Molly, she's a friend from the lab and Morgue where I do work. I follow to be able to track signs and crimes, and grab messages in less direct ways. If Greg is quiet, I know he's on a case, and I clear my schedule. I've seen a pattern with you. If Greg is posting on Twitter or Facebook, you respond four times quicker than you do to anyone else. On Thursdays, given the social convention of
As they ate, the two of them talked about insane pranks played on their siblings, family vacations, preferences in movies. John was amazed at all the movies Sherlock
John sat next to Sherlock in the helicopter, and held his hand, only letting go when they had to open the helicopter doors.
The first hours aboard the ship were insane. Dusting fingerprints, interrogations, running from hull to stern and through the docks. Sherlock had theories only when they collapsed into bed at 3am. They were too exhausted to be nervous around each other this night. The only thing Sherlock did out of the ordinary was run his fingers through John's hair a few times before he fell asleep. Otherwise, they were bed mates only.
After a few more minutes, John lifted his pelvis and got his hand around his cock and stroked. The angle caused Sherlock to cry out. John was now perfectly angled so Sherlock could glide the tip of his penis from John's tailbone all the way to his bollocks.
William and Mummy left him, Mummy leaving him with a kiss to the crown of his head. When alone, Sherlock carefully removed all his betrothed's tartan, laying it out carefully on his chair.
"Oh Jesus, John," Sherlock pulls up to try and grab at John, to pull them together, but John blocks him with his knees.
John huffs in agreement, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's torso. They lay, listening to the rain, the light rhythm against the panes, the roof. Sherlock strokes John's fingers, his wrists, pulling them up to his mouth for light kisses. John puffs a breath out against his neck, "We don't have to wait any more. We don't have to be apart, or pretend we don't love one another."
As Sherlock tells John "You can trust her," Sherlock blinks. He blinks, as John has seen soldiers do, "S.O.S." Three short blinks, three long blinks, three short blinks. The same signal John gave Sherlock at the pool with Moriarty. The room suddenly fills with chlorine, his clothes are hot with a coat and explosives, and his vision narrows to just Sherlock's eyes and face. He's pleading, reaching.
Robert piles his documents from the safe into two files. He's getting everything in order, in case it doesn't work. He doesn't want any of the Holmes brothers to be in danger from documents being left out.
John, impulsively, got Sherlock's attention on the curb before he could get into his car. He made a fist, knocking on his chin
Sherlock is sliding forward off the couch, long legs collapsing onto the floor. "But, John, I was afraid..."
John hails a cab (it always takes longer without Sherlock's long arms) and criss crosses through alleys to the cafe. He doesn't see Sherlock following him, but he doesn't want to take that risk. Mycroft meets him at the door behind the cafe, near the bins; he's wearing dress down clothes and a hat obscuring his face. John would laugh if it weren't so serious.
The man, pulling back as far away from John as he could, tries to break eye contact. He's trying to think of what to say. The gun barrel is pushed harder onto his head.
Sherlock dressed as quickly as he could, wetting his hair, putting on a shirt with his jacket and dress pants. His heart was pounding, and he could hear Mrs. Hudson talking to John and Hamish as their voices came up the stairs. He exited the bathroom, nearly colliding with John. Hamish ran up to him, tacking him in a hug around his legs.
"I didn't think you'd be in here. You weren't answering your phone, I looked everywhere. I smelled your shampoo..."
Sherlock hangs up his brother's call and keeps walking. He huffs into his fingers in an attempt to warm them. Sherlock wishes he could retreat to his mind palace to consider the information Mycroft has given regarding additional assistance.
"Don't be sorry," he said, lifting himself and John so they leaned back against the headboard, John still tucked against his side, "Are you happy? Overwhelmed?" Sherlock wiped away John's tears, keeping his arms wrapped tightly around him.
John, who had been a coward for so long, felt something stir in the pit of his stomach. It was the same adrenaline that kicked in when he knew he was about to do something stupid, "Sherlock, I am an idiot. Please, so we're clear, tell me why you're angry with me."
Sherlock puts himself down beside him, turning his head to look in his eyes. He feels his pulse on his neck, his wrist. He rubs his fingertips up and down the inside of his arms, "You're dehydrated and you may have caught something from drinking the river water. Get back in bed."
John looked up into Sherlock's face, unsure of the expression he saw. He felt wrong-footed, communicating in fits and starts, and he desperately wished he could quickly talk to him like Molly. He wondered if Sherlock would grow bored or frustrated with teaching him, or if this was the last time he would see him.
At the same time as the seven are being processed, Mycroft, Lestrade, and John are heading towards the Thames riverfront, near the Holborn Viaduct. They're searching for Billy. Questioning each member of the homeless network, handing out money to earn new information.
John sits, the breeze moving across his face, he opens his mouth but he can't think of anything to say. The normally impatient Holmes brother allows him to sit a moment, to process. Mycroft begins again.
When Daemon and Sherlock were alone, Sherlock turned to the other man and said, "We are on the right track. Moriarty is getting desperate. I'm sure he called in a tip to put heat on John."
Mrs. Hudson cleared her throat. He was still away from himself, "Are you alright?" He was utterly amazed that she would think to ask him such a question with the night she'd had.
Mycroft has always found it strange about himself that his work life entails an absolute crazed amount of danger and international pins and needles, while his home life is simply him. Alone. He sits at home in front of his fireplace and reads, or stares into the flames while sipping a drink. He is usually content, restful, able to sleep. Ready to begin the next work day at a breakneck pace.
"Mr. Holmes," William began, "Today is about your brother and his betrothed. Do not worry yourself over it. Rest, and when the sun has fully cleared the pasture of dew, we will go outside and the Clan Chief will bless their marriage. That is all you must concern yourself with."
Sherlock laughed as John deposited him in a chair. He took a piece of plaid, dipped in cold water from the basin, and knelt between Sherlock's legs. He wiped him clean, grinning up at him, tickling his knees.
John kisses him goodbye in their hallway, pulling the hoodie over Sherlock's eyes in a tease. Their hallway, where they giggled like schoolboys after chasing a cab, where they laid on the stairs, making a bed out of them when they were pissed. John can't help himself, he pulls Sherlock to the stairs, and John stands up two stairs so he's a bit taller than his best friend.
"Are you feeding me up, John? Is it fish and chips instead of wedding cake?" Sherlock's eyes were watering again, and John urged him to drink more water. After Sherlock had eaten some, he picked up pieces and fed them to John. He couldn't stop smiling at Sherlock, even though he couldn't talk, and his left arm couldn't move. He and Sherlock were alone, on a hospital bed, feeding each other fish and chips. They were married and wearing each other's wedding rings. Sherlock loved him.
When John had nightmares that woke him in a cold sweat, sending his blankets flying across the room, Sherlock would rub John's back and shoulders. He would simply say his name, over and over, "John," punching the 'J' sound to keep him from falling into the cavern of panic in between being asleep and being awake. John couldn't help his toes curling and flexing as he felt Sherlock's fingers upon his spine, his name said like a prayer on Sherlock's lips.
John's mind wanders as Sherlock discusses the case, and his methodology for ferreting out the truth. He's thinking about being on a ship, with Sherlock, in a small room for at least a week. John finds just the idea of being an imaginary couple with Sherlock holds a lot of appeal, no matter how much he knows it will hurt for them to return back to what they have now. It will just be the two of them, and the work.
"I don't understand." Is all he can say, his words echoing in the room. Mycroft moves himself so he is between John and the two men at the table.
John ran to the kitchen, grabbed his bottle of Grant's, tumblers and ice, tucking a wet flannel over his shoulder as he went. He sat down on the floor and began gently bathing Sherlock, who was already beginning to doze.
John went to the doorway and called out, "Hamish, what did you say Mr. Detective was going to do when we told him about the fridge and moving his foot and fingers?"
, that captivated him. His impulse was to ride up to John and grab him somehow, to touch him, even with the impracticality of both men being on horseback. Sherlock imagined John's shock if Sherlock were to reach out for him, initiate a kiss, or to ask for his touch, how would John respond to his young fiancé gaining a bit of bravery.
Sherlock stopped him, putting up his hand. He began talking at a breakneck pace, hardly stopping to breathe.
Sherlock stood in the middle of his bedroom, holding on to his handkerchief, and asked with wonder, "So I'm finally to be married? It wasn't a dream?"
When the three were outside, John asked to speak with Tavis alone. Sherlock heard only bits and pieces of his conversation, but he was angry. Though Tavis was taller and heavier, Sherlock could tell he was frightened.
Sherlock was daydreaming about John's hands, letting a slippery plate fall to the ground and hit his toe. He cried out, turning the cuss word into a more general cry.
John is shaking, holding onto Sherlock's hips, still feeling his orgasm wind down. They begin to breathe more slowly; John takes Sherlock's hand and leads him into the shower. His love is nearly asleep on his feet as he washes his curls, his stomach, his thighs; kissing every bit.
"God I hate this," Sherlock leans into John and sobs, sobs, pulling them down to the floor. They're rocking, John holding Sherlock in his lap, wrapping every bit of his gangly legs around him. He coaxes his Sherlock to breathe; but he can barely catch any air in between his cries.
"Why won't John take care of me?" Sherlock tried to move forward, and he felt nauseous. He bent forward, his forehead on the ground, "I don't want Tavis. Or Mycroft."
had been out all night doing whatever it was that he did. He decided to shower right away, to scrub off the grime and sweat from the day before, rather than taking tea first.
John bit his lip. He wondered if Sherlock had watched him sleeping with a woman in his bed, or if he had followed him to the woman's house after the date to observe them. Both possibilities seemed in line with what Sherlock was capable of.
"I don't mind, if you're friends," Sherlock whispered, looking down at John, "I just….I was so lonely. And I owe you so much. I don't want it to just disappear, if he says he loves you back, or if he….."
Mycroft sits up. Robert adjusts so he's propped by an elbow, splayed over Mycroft's thighs. His posture is relaxed, but he's poised to keep Mycroft from bolting.
"This is what my cousins told me about. The benefit of kilts being easy to access the...." He blushed, unable to finish the sentence.
John delighted in Sherlock's wide eyed look, and then the bright smile that took over his face. John knew that this was the place
Sherlock allowed his mummy to continue to stroke his hair. He felt his breath begin to slow. After a few minutes William entered the room. His eyes were bloodshot and he was shaking.
I wasn’t good looking, and I had no friends. One boy paid attention to me, I can't even remember his name, but his whole goal was selling drugs. This was in college. I would get high on cocaine, on speed, and forget. I'd play my violin at all bizarre hours of the day and night, and I eventually was kicked out. I was.."
They enter the room that is not their house, but an exact replica. Mary notices the slits in the corners, perfect for sniper rifles to push through. John hears Sherlock and Mycroft enter behind them to pull John back so the snipers have a clear shot.
Hamish just grinned, not upset in the least by being yelled at, "Did it hurt when daddy rolled you over, Mr. Detective?"
They turned into the first hallway to an interview room. Sherlock signed to a detective who replied in slower renditions but it was evident he could understand the interpreter. They were led down to another hallway, and again, Sherlock signed to another clerk, leaving John out of the conversation. John realized that this must be how Sherlock went through his life, following and trying to extrapolate the conversation based on gestures and body language.
"Not good enough," Sherlock blinked up at him. Captain Watson voice. "We're going to stay, I can lie on your bed, on top of the covers if you want, Hamish can take the sofa. Mrs. Hudson needs some looking after, too."
"Yes, I need to merge with the Spanish team for drills. I'm going to take a leave from work until this is over-"
"Where is he? He's better than I thought he would be. He's beautiful. I hurt. Please," Sherlock's head throbbed with every word he spoke. Even though it sent a shock through his teeth with every syllable, he needed them to understand. He  was terrified that John was being taken away from him, "I know I didn't want a husband, but I want John."
In each playbill, of each injured actor, their understudy was Charles Augustus Magnussen. Non-equity actor. At least, to begin with. Over time, his acting experience grew, and he moved from non-equity to equity.
Sherlock grabbed John's arse and forced him to push into him with a snap. Sherlock felt a pull in his belly and his mouth went dry. He shook, his orgasm overwhelming him to tears. John held him, stroking him gently, bringing himself to release moments later. Sherlock continued to buck himself into John's fist, even when he was over sensitive, not wanting the feeling to ever end.
After John left, Sherlock was alone in his bed, rubbing his nose in the pillow that smelled like John. As he was drifting to sleep, Sherlock had a panicked thought that made his heart thunder in his neck.
John wanted to run. He couldn't wait for the first stop of the cruise so he could get off and go home, then find a new place to live. This was going to be a miserable experience. He held on to the vows he wrote Sherlock, and did his best to take deep breaths and will himself to take one step at a time.
"Why were you afraid, civilian? Does that justify what you did? Did you not understand the full UK government was behind distracting you, getting you out of the way, and moving this mission forward? Without you being part of it?"
John stopped touching Sherlock, but moved so he was making direct eye contact, "Sherlock, you can tell me, or you can choose not to. It's ok either way."
Sherlock did his best to not scream at the boy, "Can you get your father, please? I can't get out of bed. It hurts too much." Sherlock exhaled, more tears squeezing from his eyes.
Sherlock was chewing on his thumb. John noticed Sherlock was wearing his wedding ring. John reached his hand out to touch it, and couldn't quite reach. Sherlock, still silent, reached into his shirt and pulled out the other ring, dangling on a chain around his neck. He snapped the chain, pulling the ring free. He raised his eyebrow, and John nodded. Sherlock slipped the ring over John's ring finger.
The nurse left, and Sherlock pulled himself closer to John. His eyes were glassy, and he touched noses with John, "I'm so happy you're….oh, John." Sherlock began crying again. John rubbed Sherlock's hands and he could tell by the feeling of his skin that he was dehydrated.
"Lie with me, Sherlock. You are so lovely," John said, weaving his fingers in between Sherlock's. He could feel John's pulse on his wrist as he pulled back the covers on the bed.
Sherlock noticed it when she switched hands and put her purse down. The pulling on the shirt sleeves. Adjusting. Hiding. Extra layers.
mean?" Sherlock pulls on top of him, they are laying chest to chest, their thighs and legs and erections rubbed against one another; John finds it difficult to breathe, focus.
"Yes, Sherlock," John kisses him as he hears the roar of the helicopter settling a few hundred yards away.
Sherlock's phone beeped. Forgetting his guests for a moment, he pulled out the phone quickly, rattling off the message out loud.
As Robert looks up, Mycroft comes around the desk, leaning down on one knee. He resists the urge to reach out and touch his cheek, "Tell me, what has he said?"
At this point in his career, with a Master's Degree from Carnegie Mellon, he should be in a large theatre. In New York. In London. Anywhere. Not in Kansas City, where the little theatre company that could (as he took to calling it in his head), had to rent out a different space for each production.
Sherlock wants to hold John the minute he sees him, but he can tell John is angry with him. More angry than when he returned from being dead.
"Where have you been? I had to call Mycroft to check the CCTV to find out what direction you'd gone in, you've been gone for hours. I was worried that you'd somehow been kidnapped or hurt. You weren't answering your phone. I thought you'd left-"
Anthea has set it up so there are varied targets at the end of the breezeway, and provided Mycroft with a variety of guns to try at various distances.
When John had shuffled himself into the driver's seat, looking into the rearview mirror at Sherlock, "Are you ok with this? They'll be gone at least another week or so?"
God. Mycroft smiles. A real, honest to god smile. He can't help it, "I thought we could talk some on the way to the house-"
Sherlock allowed John to help him stand. They gathered clothing and re-dressed as neatly as they could. They rode quickly back to the farmhouse, stealing glances at each other as they rode along.
"What are you doing here?" Sherlock coughed as he spoke, as he hadn't drank anything substantial for days. He threw the cigarette into the grate next to the other one.
A few moments later, John shuffled into the living room, bleary eyed but smiling when he saw Sherlock and Hamish cuddled on the couch together.
John hears more mumbling, talking (Mycroft?) and arguing (yes, must be Mycroft) and he feels a cool rag on his neck. He hears a female voice and he panics, (God, no, not Mary. Please, not Mary. Keep her away from Sherlock!)
John shook his head, "Gregory and my son have both asked for me to take you home. I can't say no. Don't disappoint us."
"I don't work for 3 days," John said, pulling the blankets up around Sherlock's shoulders, "So if you need anything, holler. Hamish is a deep sleeper and his tutor will let him nap if he needs it."
John cupped water and washed Sherlock's hair, letting the soap and herb's wash over his entire body. After he was clean, John went back to Sherlock's hair, gently massaging his scalp with alternating fingernail scratches and presses. Sherlock felt his muscles relax and his eyes begin to close. John gently tickled his fingers over his ribs, stirring him awake. A bit of water splashed outside the tub onto the floor.
Mycroft slides in beside Sherlock after John has disappeared from view. He pats his hand and as he moves it away Sherlock grabs his arm, wrapping himself as close to his big brother as he can.
In the moonlight streaming through the window, and from the faint lamplight he saw John shake his head. "No, no. I don't want to impose or wake them."
Sherlock raked his fingers under John's shirt, circling his fingertips across his navel, his ribs, his hips. John sat up, rolling Sherlock but gripping him, forcing Sherlock to sit on John's lap, legs wrapped around him. Though their cocks and pelvises were no longer rubbing against each other, Sherlock felt an itch and a burn to get
Sherlock didn't know why he is hurt and angry; he'd done this to Janine. He'd used Molly's feelings to get what he wanted.  He'd always used people.
"Mr. Holmes, I have strict instructions from  your mother that you are to wear this pattern of tartan. Beyond that, I do not know whose clan to which this belongs, nor her reasoning. As we both know, she is a kind, but a crafty woman, so of course there is quite another motive for sure in your dress," William smiled, as he helped Mr. Sherlock out of his common dress, and began to place the new clothing upon him, "There will be time for questions later."
"You must think I'm an arse. Being in love with your brother's husband. I'm sorry. If it makes you uncomfortable. Or if you need to tell him. I can pay for a hotel and a nurse, so you can be taken care of elsewhere-"
John shook it off and went up to the podium, pulling his notes from his back pocket. He introduced himself, and he heard some giggles to his right. He thought he had to be hearing things, so he continued, giving a framework for the discussion, laying out his time in Afghanistan and his time with the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Again, sniggers and some signs from a couple audience members back to Sherlock Holmes. John paused for a moment, looking at Greg. Greg shook his head, mouthed
Sherlock awoke to the light streaming into his window. He sat up and went to his wash basin, scrubbing his face with cold water. At the side of the basin was a pressed and cleaned handkerchief, embroidered with J.H.W. along the edge. Sherlock had forgotten about it and assumed he'd lost it when he'd fallen from his horse. He felt warm recalling how John had taken Sherlock's bead from his braid as a token in exchange. Perhaps the handkerchief was a sign that last night was not just a wonderful dream.
John took a shuddering breath. He didn't drop eye contact. He inhaled, actually looking relieved, "Greg, Greg said you were brilliant. Bloody fucking brilliant."
"Sherlock," John said. He sat still, watching the fading candlelight dance across Sherlock's sharp cheekbones, his jaw, his clavicle. He saw his heartbeat, a panicked staccato, thrumming against his throat.
Seb and Moriarty are deported with the understanding that if they return to the UK they will be executed.
Sherlock shook his head. John opened his arms, offering for Sherlock to cuddle closer.  Sherlock put his head on his shoulder, but John winced away in pain.
Still with the bullet proof vest on the way to their (supposed) house. Everything a façade, an act. John doesn't have his gun on him. The guns will be ready and poised in the slits in the walls. Professionals.
The doctor does not understand why he never saw (observed) this beautiful man. So scared of being alone. Sherlock tries to duck his head in embarrassment? Guilt? But John runs his hands up the sides of his neck, his face, kissing him. Gently. Remembering the warmth of last night's bath and their earlier need to touch one another.
Hamish began yelling from the kitchen, "Daddy, where's breakfast?" As Sherlock was stroking John's jaw with his thumb. Sherlock exhaled, pressing their foreheads together. John was still smiling, "Come here, you probably need to eat." He took his hand, leading him to the small kitchen. Hamish already had a bowl, mixing utensils, eggs, milk, oil, and a cookbook out.
Sherlock scrunches his eyebrows together and puts his face closer to John's, "Did you hit your head, John?"
John feels silly, giddy, this is absolutely ridiculous timing but he wants this in Sherlock's ears, in his mind palace. He wants to know that Sherlock knows his intentions without a doubt. Sherlock squeezes him tightly and nearly picks him up slightly.
Sherlock picked at his jacket sleeves, looking down, "John, you don't even remember what you did. It's nothing. It's better because I'm not good enough, you need someone else-"
He pulls at John, gesturing at him to lay down so they are facing one another. He hooks his legs around John's, pulling him close, tucking his chin over his shoulder. They sleep, wrapper around one another, John bestowing one last kiss to Sherlock's lips before closing his eyes.
The light dims, and he feels fingers against his neck. The fingers are cool, and comforting. (Sherlock's? Is Sherlock still here? Is he on the phone?) He can hear talking, mumbling, whispering; he can't quite make out the words or decide if he should reply. His tongue is dry, his throat is warm, and all he can feel is fingers on his neck and the sensation that he is in waves.
Mrs. Hudson looked between her two boys, then burst into laughter. Some of the tension left her shoulders, "Perhaps I should invest in ear plugs, then, or a good noise machine."
Alone, in his raggedy clothes and his lantern casting a yellow glow to compliment the moonlight, Sherlock danced. He set his lantern on one of the stone benches that served as a seat for his brother's wedding the day before.
When it was dawn, Sherlock caught a link. "Mercrium Insurance," he breathed. Checking other theatres, he located their insurance policies. He couldn't locate all of them, but of the ones he could, the theatres were insured by Mercrium Insurance, Seb Moran agent.
Robert takes a deep breath, "It's clear you don't form attachments, or catch on when people have crushes or are flirting with you, and you refuse to believe compliments or terms of endearment. You're more apt to believe I'm distracting you from a big catastrophe than the honest truth that I've been crazy about you for months but that you were so distant because you were dating that Detective Inspector Gary-
"Alright," Sherlock breathed, watching John take the plaid and wash himself, "When we are done, can we try what you described?"
They run drills. Check on the construction of the fake façade being built by Moriarty. Run surveillance on Mary Morstan.
"He's building me a full kitchen hut? Does he expect me to cook and prep food all the time?" Sherlock grumbled, puffing back his fringe with an indignant breath.
"How are you, my beautiful boy?" Sherlock felt himself blush an the endearment. He couldn't believe the muscled body of John Watson. How he rolled himself up, the gorgeous look of his abs and hipbones.
Sherlock grabbed him and pushed him up against the door when they were inside. He was right, nothing fancy, but the bed was made up with a beautiful quilt, "my grandmother's," he explained, as they fought with each other to remove boots, shoes, pants, underwear. They fell into a laughing, naked heap on top of the bed. Sherlock spread himself over John's naked body, feeling across every muscle, every bone, rolling himself over him. He didn't know what he wanted, or how to verbalize it, but he wanted closer, to be with, near and in. He had no idea how to do this or how to express it.
John grinned, coaxing the horse to speed up. Sherlock urged his steed to go faster, finding the well-worn path to the swimming hole off of the rocky stream. The stream was the most important piece of their land that they'd held onto, as the water source kept the rest of the farmstead afloat when the drought came. Everything was green and lush. It was a perfect place to water their horses. Far enough from the house, and surrounded by short trees, it was Sherlock's favorite place to be alone.
"Yes. He said in front of Da that I didn't have to touch him if I didn't want to, and he wouldn't touch me if I didn't want it."
Billy is dressed warmly; a jumper (Sherlock smiles, a more in fashion jumper than John's), scarf, coat, gloves. He's shaved. He looks nice, benign, presentable. Mary will recognize him if she sees him up close, of course, but if he stays at a distance, she shouldn't think anything of him.
John watched Sherlock stand in front of the wife and begin signing. Detective Dimmock was already in the room, and waved to Sherlock and John. The Detective stood next to John, relaying via text while Sherlock signed. Though it would've been faster with Molly who could've read the signs and spoken immediately, the interpretation moved quickly. John had to remind himself to pay attention to the text questions and not just watch Sherlock's hands. As they worked, they fell into an easy rhythm, questioning and fielding questions in return. The woman eventually put herself into a corner that she couldn't explain away. She stated she was at home, and then at work, and finally, when the timelines didn't make sense, she broke down and admitted she was the one to kill her husband. Every bit of the the session had to be recorded, and John and Sherlock had to be processed and placed on the docket to return as interpreters and material witnesses for trial. When they left the building, it was nearing eight in the evening.
A man, dark skinned, curly haired, runs in the door. Sniper. Gear around his waist; he was grappling on the ceiling. He drops to Mycroft's side.
ask me explicitly to do so. You are the most beautiful creature I've ever seen. But I will never hurt you. Or frighten you. Or make you do anything you don't want to. We can have separate rooms if you want. You're young and innocent. I'm an old man who has lived through many heartaches. I know what it feels like to have one's heart broken. I won't do that to you. No matter what foolish things other people tell you."
Sherlock stopped kissing him and pulled back, "You're thinking too hard, John, you're killing the mood."
"John," Sherlock strokes his cheek, "Yes. They're yours. Before you left... I... Took a couple things. I thought you might not miss."
Mycroft explains to them that the coroner will leak, through the network, that someone with Jim Moriarty's DNA and description was found shot in the drug den. Deception on top of deception. Mary will hear, and they will confirm, that she believes she killed Moriarty, even though her intention was just to unsettle him by taking out operatives.
Robert and Roderick load their gear, rifles, themselves onto the helicopter to collect Mycroft. Roderick is in full riot gear, tucked in the back of the helicopter, no one will see him through the dark glass, even if they do wake up.
He watches Mummy Holmes (can he call her Mummy?) puttering in the kitchen, getting food ready for the evening meal. A shiver runs down his spine. Will they make it to evening?
Sherlock could fall asleep again. His eyes snapped open when his lap was filled with a squirming eight year old. Mrs. Hudson grabbed Sherlock's phone, explaining that she had to get a photo of the three of them content together on the couch. Sherlock hated photos, but he smiled thinking of Hamish on his lap, holding his hand, and John's arm wrapped around the back of his shoulders. His mind felt quiet. After a few photos were taken, Hamish's stomach growl.
"You've told us about Sherlock, do we need to call Sherlock to get details about you?" Mummy teases.
When he raised his head, Sherlock saw John's eyes were partially closed and his mouth was open. He flicked his tongue out and licked his lips.
He was staring at John, almost through him. John knew he would look frazzled, or upset, but John didn't expect this. Sherlock looked worse than he did after being awake for 4 days. Perhaps he had been.
At 7:30am, John woke to a cold bed. Right in his line of sight was a vase of roses, myrtle, and violets, much larger than the bouquet John had gotten Sherlock. Sherlock had scribbled a note on the ship's stationery "Please don't leave. I'm searching for something. Be back soon. Yours, SH"
An older man, tall, muscled, tan, comes out of the house, affectionately hugging the young couple in the dimming moonlight. He sees John, then stands a little straighter, "William, who is this?"
There are other letters for you to read, for when you miss me. Or you are angry. Or if you never want to talk to me again. Or when you want to punch me.
He threw the butt into the fireplace, and lit his second one. As he felt the dizzying rush of nicotine, he heard someone entering the flat.
John remembers the conversation with Sherlock, years ago: his brain was a locomotive, shaking, hurling off the tracks. For love, for John, how vicious could Sherlock be? To himself, to those near him?
"Dr. Watson, Sherlock." Mycroft nods at them both as he settles on the couch. It strikes John as odd, as normally Mycroft opted to take John's chair. There is no hint on his face that he had just watched the two of them scanter from the bathroom to the bedroom naked.
"You answer me. What do you want? Sherlock is bleeding, back in the hospital. What do you want? What are you playing at?"
Sherlock moved his arms and gripped John's forearms tightly, "I was panicked it wouldn't be alright. That he'd be hurt."
"Mycroft, these surprises are wearing on my nerves," John follows Mycroft, with the group of soldiers, leaving five to guard the men. John begins to feel a cold sweat down his neck and lower back, and is grateful that he penned Sherlock a group of letters before he left on this mission.
Hamish was asleep in John's arms during the taxi ride home. Sherlock offered to sleep on the couch and allow John and Hamish to sleep in his large bed together, but John refused. He asserted that Sherlock would sleep on the other side of the bed, with Hamish in the middle, "It will make me feel better, knowing he's here, and you're here watching him."
to anyone. To touch someone's genitals, to be penetrated and covered in oil, even to be kissed and naked all seemed foreign. He felt grateful for the explanation, but he felt even more so that John seemed happy to not pursue his conjugal rights.
"John, this is Sherlock, Sherlock, John." Irene beamed at Sherlock when she caught him staring and at a loss for words. John came closer, reaching out his hand to shake the other man's. Sherlock's brain had short circuited, and he responded to the handshake out of pure habit alone.
As Sherlock peeked out at him from under the covers, John leaned down and gave him one warm, deep kiss on the mouth, "When you're done sulking, you can join us in the living room for Cluedo."
"John," Sherlock asked. He had to say his name multiple times, "Greg and Mycroft are going to sweep outside Mr. Hudson's apartment to see what they can find. We will go back from there and track the most likely results."
"We should decide where we're going on our date," John asked, hands on his own knees, "We've been too busy today to talk about it."
John can't help rubbing himself against Sherlock; he's gorgeous, warm, and spread out tall, stretching all his limbs. He rolls so they are facing one another, and they stare, watching each other's eyes dart across their faces. Sherlock loves to watch John's face as he looks at him.
Sherlock said John's name tenderly, as a mother, to remind him that he was there when John was lost in his own thoughts. When John returned from a failed date, the loss of a patient, or an especially grating fight with Harry, Sherlock made tea. He would make his tea, exactly how he liked it, and hand it to John by nudging the cup to his fingers. This gesture, all while saying
Sherlock nodded. His heart thrummed as he felt John's fingers circle his wrist and both his hands engulf Sherlock's left one, "Sherlock, will you allow me to court you? Will you marry me after these two weeks?"
John smiled, continuing with his inspection. When we was satisfied, he poured the two tumblers of Scotch, beckoning for Sherlock to climb onto his lap. John leaned his back against his chair for balance.
Sherlock, his headache now just a dull pain behind his eyes, was sitting in a chair with a plaid draping over his head to provide shade. He sat weaving rope with his nimble fingers, listening to gossip from the clan of his
Mrs. Hudson grinned at the little boy and ruffled his hair, "Yes, he's been very kind to me. I'm just his landlady, but I need a place to stay, and he's allowing me to have one of his spare rooms. I am going to go get us some coffees and be right back. Unless, you'd rather have tea?"
"Sherlock, you know I'm a terrible actor. You know that, right?" John continues to pet him, smoothing his hair, rubbing his shoulders, "Please, sit on the couch with me. Please."
John pushed up, nearly kissing him, "Tha gaol agam ort. You are my betrothed. We are to be married."
Sherlock looked around his phone, cocking up an eyebrow. He dryly said, "The ship is in motion, John, she is leaving port."
As he was running his fingertips over Sherlock's back he fell into another wave of sleep. He woke again when the room was dark, and he jumped a bit when he realized he was alone in a cold bed. He stood up, falling back down when the blood rushed back to his head. He heard voices in the living room, Sherlock and Hamish, discussing something in hushed tones. He dressed, peeking around the bedroom door.
"Really, John. What can you provide that can preoccupy him, that can get him to assume your on edge behavior has nothing to do with Mary, or anything else we're doing? What could explain clandestine meetings just the two of us, if he deducts it? Something big, something that's been brewing for a long time. Something that is so close to the truth, that is the truth, and we will hide behind it."
They were black, and slightly large at the toe, but looked sharp against the gray and white socks, the black and white sporran, and the plaid pattern of reds, greens and yellows.
John tried to talk, to say something to Sherlock, but his throat was sore, and his tongue was heavy. It must still be the same day, or the day after, that they had removed the breathing tube. He put his right fingers under Sherlock's chin, lifting his head to look at him. He then gestured to his throat. Sherlock's eyes were read, and his face was covered in tears.
"Did you love him?" Sherlock surprised himself. He never cared about this, or anyone. He was not accustomed to caring, or feeling possessive. Perhaps this was completely inappropriate to ask, "I'm sorry, it's none of my business-"
John's belly warms, and a little guilt pools. It is worth wounds, separation, misunderstanding to get a glimpse of a great heart as well as a great man. His love for him, in their separation, their trials, was so tangible even in absence.
"I'll go first, with what I think is going on," Sherlock began, sipping on his second tumblr of whiskey, "Unless this second drink is going to knock me out?"
John turned, stopping Sherlock short. They skidded into one another, "You noticed that?" John whispered, pushing his hair out of his eyes.
"Ssshhh, baby, slow down, breathe," John pushed his dark ringlets out of his eyes, kissing his jaw, his chin, his neck. As Sherlock moaned, John sucked a love bite into the side of his neck, right where anyone would see, "Are you ok, if Irene can see this?" As Sherlock nodded, John sucked harder, nipping as he created his mark. Sherlock moaned, grabbing at the cotton bedding, running his fingers through John's hair, anything. He pushed his pelvis down, feeling himself rub against John's hips, his erection, his balls.
"Clearly." John rubs his jaw, runs his hands through his hair, "the hardest part of this plan will be staying apart from Sherlock, Mycroft, and faking trying to work on my marriage." John punctuates marriage with a scowl; the word leaving a bad taste in his mouth.
John woke with a start. The sky was just turning purple with the sun rising and the night fading. For a moment, he was unsure where he was. He thought, with the heavy scent of lavender, that he was in the north spring fields tending to his sheep and had fallen asleep. He willed his breathing to slow, placing his hand over his chest. His heart raced.
John huffed, "Well, I'll be talking with Sherlock, alone, after breakfast. If he indicates you were too pushy, or too
Hamish, Sherlock, and John were in the sitting room. Hamish's 9th birthday was approaching and he was sketching out ideas for his party. He sat on the floor with his head leaning back against the couch. John sat on the couch, flipping through a newspaper absent-mindedly. Sherlock was laid out, his head in John's lap.
John giggled. He recalled his discussion with Mycroft, years ago, in Speedy's. They'd been discussing Irene, the awful woman who'd ruined John's attempt to finally confess his love for Sherlock by showing up in Sherlock's bed.  Sherlock had asked John what he knew of Sherlock's heart, and shared that Sherlock always wanted to be a pirate. John felt dizzy with all the stories of their lives coming together. They'd finally confessed that they wanted one another. They were together. They were getting married.
"We've got to come up with a plan, you and I," John says, "Together." He grips onto Sherlock's arm tightly.
John looked at Sherlock, cocking his eyebrow. Sherlock wanted to take in all his features, but he was embarrassed. He could tell, by stealing small glances, that John Watson was tanned, blonde, blue eyed, and had a bright smile.
Sherlock had always been terrified of a marriage match. He'd been preparing himself to fight or run away. But now that he was matched, he didn't want to do either of those things.
The 2nd hour of the airplane ride is full if tactical rehearsal, language review, equipment check and triple check. The unload and load onto the chinook helicopter in rehearsed silence.
"Mycroft..." John wants to beg. Scream. Yell. He's standing in middle of the sidewalk, passersby bumping him. He is suppressing the urge to slam back against anyone approaching him.
"I just don't understand a motive!" Sherlock huffed, "Why hurt and kill performers in a theatre. What is there to gain?"
John turned Sherlock to a sitting position by hugging him, using Sherlock's legs as leverage. He felt a slight discomfort, but not the way John described. John sat on the edge of the bed, beside Sherlock, rubbing his back in gentler circles. Their sides and thighs were touching.
William nodded, leaving crushed lavender, soap, drying and cleaning plaids, and a kettle of water by the fire. Both men had new clothing laid out for them on a chair.
Sherlock put his arm under John's, and helped him up, opening drawers and laying some things out in the bathroom. John was steadier on his feet now that his pain was under control and he no longer needed as much pain medication. The physical therapist had warned Sherlock, pulling him aside, that 'his arm will never be quite the same. He may not be able to work.' Sherlock had cried at this, desperately attempting to pull himself together before he helped John down off of the workout table. John had sacrificed everything for him, over and over and over. John had known, even though Sherlock had put on his mask and cleaned his face, and had told him, "I know. It's okay, I know."
John pocketed the phone, then pulled Sherlock's hand out of his pocket so he could hold it, "Sherlock, what was that about?"
Robert pulls Mycroft close. Looking into his eyes, he says, "You are not alone," and they snog each other breathless until they arrive at the office. Working under the cover of attending a conference together, it's not unusual for them to share a car.
Sherlock smiles. His heart feels large. Pounding out of his chest. He's reminded of the years before Mary, before the fall, when it was just John and Sherlock. John making Sherlock eat. John and Sherlock bickering over the state of the kitchen; heads and fingers in the fridge. John listening to Sherlock's violin as he sways in front if the window.
Magnussen's mind palace is cluttered, yet organized exactly to his liking. Statues, photos, projectors; anything that can document and solidify his feelings on a subject has paper and an object association to hold onto the memory. An anchor.
Sherlock turned his head to look at John. He was completely relaxed, "Do you know why I was especially intrigued to take a case on a ship?"
The sky was just beginning to turn light and pink as John pocketed his keys and walked up to Sherlock, smoking a cigarette and talking animatedly with Daemon, the head carpenter. Even through the pale dawn light John could see the two men gesturing to one another, their voices an angry whisper. At first, John thought they were fighting, but they were just angry in their agreement on Moriarty and the suspicious accident.
He was alone in the room, but he heard talking from somewhere else in the house. It was snippets of conversation, arguments and some yelling. He wanted them all to stop, to be quiet for a moment. He cried out.
"Just muscle, just in case you need me to shoot somebody? Never trusted. Just led around. Why was this whole plan concocted?"
John saw the sunlight slowly fill the inside cabin, and he saw the tired and defeated look on Mycroft's face. His eyes were red, and he rubbed his jaw.
"No," Sherlock huffed his breath in, willing the pain in his lungs to subside for a moment, "That was amazing, actually, to understand it was abnormal for someone to run to an alley. Extraordinary."
Sherlock nodded, his parents both helping him gently raise up. They led him outside. His head ached slightly, but his shoulder and ribs were no longer stinging with pain.
Sherlock stood next to John, not daring to sit with his ribs. He rocked to the side as John leaned against his leg.
They imagine that Sherlock will be chatting with Magnussen, attempting to pull information or paperwork out of him, working through blackmail. Robert is to jump out of the helicopter and shoot Magnussen, but with Sherlock there they can give credibility and information to Mary that Sherlock is actually the one that shot him. John will be safe, for a day, for the last day of her life, if she believes Sherlock fulfilled her demands.
John's lovely parents were treating Sherlock as John's very first date, smiling and hugging them both and advising them continuously to have a very good weekend. Hamish had hugged Sherlock tightly around the neck and gave him a kiss on the cheek, whispering in his ear, "Daddy really likes you." That tender and honest reassurance did wonders to dispel Sherlock's nerves.
Sherlock sat him on the bed and then went over to a dresser near a window. The room was large and bright, John estimated it to be nearly the size of the living room they'd briefly walked through. John could clearly see him as he finished stripping, his back to him, as he unashamedly dug through a drawer. John watched even more gorgeous tattoos come into view. A beautifully muscled back that tapered into a slim waist and gorgeous arse and legs. John wishes he could yell across the room and tell him, but instead, he finished taking his clothes off himself and looked up
Sherlock sniffled, and John gathered him up in his arms, tipping him back like a swooning heroine. He whispered into his ear, "I fixed the wall. I moved the bed. I'm going to show you how much I absolutely love you. Keep Hamish busy so he sleeps well tonight," John kissed him deeply, "Actually, I may see if we can get the flat to ourselves. We haven't even been in all the rooms yet."
He crosses down two blocks, then zigzagging across a park. He's taking the most irregular route to see Billy. He doesn't want to risk anyone finding him, or understanding how valuable Billy is to the homeless network operation.
John took a moment to review the room in the daylight. It was smaller than a hotel honeymoon suite, but it was lovely. A large tub, and shower, a small sitting room, and a king sized bed.
John re-enters the cabin like he owns it. He leaves the door open for Sherlock and sits on the couch. Sherlock follows, looking around the cabin, eyes settling on John.
John grinned, leaning down on his forearm so he could pull the stopper from the bottle and drain some oil. He coated his fingers with it, discarding the bottle, coating Sherlock and himself generously.
Sherlock and John loaded into a cab, Sherlock typing furiously on his phone. He backtracked to where Mr. Hudson lived, or the places he might have taken them. He worked through a variety of motives. He figured that the man had only been after Mrs. Hudson, but with Hamish there as a witness, he had taken him reluctantly. He would be running somewhere, possibly using the boy for blackmail against Mrs. Hudson. The other possibility he didn't want to think about was that he would kill or hurt the boy to get him out of the way.
"Gregory Lestrade?" Dr. Watson smiled, "We went to University together. Played Rugby. I couldn't make the wedding, sent along a ridiculous gift of poorly written crime novels-"
The farmhand looked at Sherlock as John laughed. John stepped in between to introduce them. The lead farmhand was Marcus, and would run the farmstead on John's absence and move to the Holmes estate. John surprised Marcus by indicating that he could move into the main house when the husbands left.
"I need to lie down. I'll call you." He hurries out of the cafe, nearly blinded by his tears. He's not sure why he's still crying, the performance is over; Mary cannot see him from this distance.
"I'm just sad he's sad," Hamish said, pulling his blanket and elephant closer, "I'm glad you're here. He came inside and slept on the floor and didn't cry the rest of the night. I told him you're very nice and he agreed, saying that you're very nice, too."
Sherlock's Da chastised him, "Sherlock, you can at least hold his hand. You'll be doing more than that soon enough."
John and Sherlock had set a date two months out for them to move in together. Hamish wished it was immediately, but even he didn't always get what he wanted.
"Sherlock," Mycroft was in front of him now, shaking his shoulder, "I'll come by in the morning, ok?" His eyes were gray green, different than Sherlock's blue gray. He always sounded like a big brother. He nodded, convincing them again that he was fine, that he could handle it. That they were welcome to
Sherlock turned around to face him, "Don't be ridiculous, John. I was afraid of your rejection. And it would cause the wanting and longing for you to rekindle, when I'd kept it at bay for years. I didn't want to betray it and ruin our friendship. And then, to have you tell me you wouldn't mind staying married," Sherlock pulled John closer, "I didn't know how to react to that. I hadn't come up with a proper response to that."
John nodded. He felt tears prick his eyes again, "Sorry, Sherlock, I don't know why I'm so weepy today. I'm sorry."
He is rusty (never been one for wading in), but he fires all the weapons, all the rounds. He catalogues, in his methodology, the easiest to handle, the most precise, least bulky to conceal.
Sherlock felt his ears redden, and his thumb began to bleed from him continually biting on the skin surrounding his nail. He didn't mind being talked about while he was sitting there, but Sherlock had no idea how he was to live up to their expectations.
Brandishing the large, double ended dildo like a staff, he took the end of it to lift John's kilt up. Both men moaned. Sherlock held the dildo with one hand, squeezing his own cock with the other. John leaned back, pulling his kilt up around his waist. He showed off his considerable length, dark red and engorged with blood, the tip nearly purple. Impulsively, Sherlock ran the tip of his dildo up and down John's cock, studying the texture and the veins.
John stood close, asking for permission to put his hand on Sherlock's face, "I didn't say that. I would never say that. Your family needs income. And assistance. There are other ways we can do that besides marriage."
Sherlock didn't take his eyes off John. Wherever he moved, Sherlock was watching, always ready to help or check on him. Now, in the back of the car, Sherlock was more relaxed. John was getting better, John was coming home.
Duran Montgomery had just brought in a deceased who was found murdered under a bridge near Reagent's Park. He was unidentified. A cord was wrapped around his neck, his face blue and skin mottling from exposure. John would need to run experiments to determine the time of death and exact cause.
John yells at the door that they're dressing, though Sherlock seems to be moving especially slow to be rebellious. When Mycroft steps into the flat, John can feel the atmosphere change in the room. Sherlock's face is taut, lips pursed together. Mycroft is bringing bad news.
Sherlock smiled, tucking himself into John's embrace, "I am all together surprised by the experiments I am distracted by now. Rather than soil samples and animal demise, I only want to catalog every bit of your skin, the color of your eyes, the different shades of pink as I kiss at your neck. I am wholly ignorant of everything you are and I want to learn."
He's sitting, the headset in his lap, staring at his baby brother. Staring  the love of his brother's life.  They've got their hands in the air, Sherlock looking down, John looking at Sherlock. A major cock up.
John burst threw the door, snapping it open. He honestly didn't mean to thump it against the other side (more drywall and plaster he'd cracked) but he was terrified when his son had been missing for nearly an hour. He was sure he'd been with Sherlock, but that wasn't the point. While John was working, the two of them had just vanished from the flat without a word. The young woman in the white lab coat jumped, pulling her clipboard to her chest, "I'm sorry sir, this area is restricted, and I don't show you're escorted or with a visitor's badge-"
Sherlock was unsure how to answer the  question. He was perspiring from the hot sun and the nervousness from needing to be careful with what he said. He knew his face must be flushed.
John felt a wave of desire and hunger when Sherlock's fingers ran up the back of his neck into John's damp hair. John titled his head up, and nuzzled his mouth into the side of Sherlock's neck and jaw. Sherlock moaned, tilting his jaw up. John kissed upwards until he reached his mouth. Before they kissed, John searched Sherlock's face. He waited so long that Sherlock took the initiative to pull him forward and place their lips together.
With his thighs quivering, Sherlock removed his hand from John's back and snapped him upright a bit more. His long fingers bit into both of John's hipbones and he drove into John's hole with one long, punishing thrust. John felt like the inexperienced one, the near  virgin, as Sherlock drove into him, straight and hard and quickly, digging fingers into his hipbones. He came, and they collapsed onto the bench.
As he held the horse's neck, he smelled its familiar scent of hay and sweat. He missed his horses. Of running his Shetland pony through the field when he was young, rounding up their large herds of sheep from pasture to pasture.
John believes he's utterly lost his mind. But he is happy to be listless, insane, doing something where he has no one to answer to.
"Oh my sweetheart," John roams his hands all over his face, his neck, his chest as he kisses him, drawing his upper and lower lips into his mouth, "You aren't foolish, you are brilliant, my sweet prince."
" 'Lock, ssshhh, you're ok," Tavis started again, putting his hand on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock tried to bat it away, missing, flailing his hand in the air.
He couldn't talk yet, so the nurse handed him a notepad. She explained, "Your husband was hysterical. We had to ban him from the wing. He's not left, he's been pacing around the first floor. We have two security guards on him at all times. I am going to let him come up, but he cannot fling himself on you or carry on as I'm afraid he might, or I'll escort him out again. With a tranquilizer if I have to. Do you understand?"
"I can't believe it," they walked for another block or so, then John stopped him, turning to face him, "Thank you, for how you treat Hamish."
Instead, John pointed to Sherlock's stomach. Sherlock was partially laying on John, and his eyes were closed. The nurse left, and came back quickly with what John assumed were sugar tablets and some orange juice. John rubbed his back as he drank the juice.
seen, while Sherlock was saddened that almost all of John's international travel was for military assignments. John knew Sherlock loved his parents and brother, but he spoke of his insanely protective brother the most. Sherlock was happy for John that the rockiest part of his childhood was being caught in the backyard kissing his high school rugby player boyfriend, Michael. This had ended John's years of fear about coming out to his family, as they'd always known, but were waiting for John to say something first.
"Sherlock, sit." John pats the couch beside him. Sherlock is gripping John's letters to his chest. He sits, never taking his eyes off John's face.
John shook his head, reaching out his hand, "Show me where you want me to touch you. Use my hand and show me on
to reveal their feelings for one another. But since they were John and Sherlock, they had both, on their own, decided to woo the other.
John grunted, snuggling further into Sherlock's lap. Daemon continued, "Everywhere Moriarty went there was an insurance payout with the same company and the same agency. Mercrium insurance with the Seb Moran agency. That was all we could find tying every one of these accidents together with Jim Moriarty."
Before John could finish searching and practice the word, Sherlock bounded on the bed with a condom and lube. He pointed to the condom and gave a gesture similar as slipping to condom on his first two fingers. He then pointed at the lube and finger spelled each letter. He grabbed John's phone and typed out a note.
"Don't, not until we're home. Those are some....things from...another married couple. To help us along. I don't want you seeing them until I can explain then to you."
Sherlock deduces where John has traveled to the end of the runway, based on scuff marks and displaced gravel patterns. He finds signs of John drinking water, hitching a ride to a small village, spending the night with a family he didn't know.
"Well," John began, pushing the fringe out of his eyes. He looked around at everyone at the table as he spoke, "That's all up to Sherlock. I've money, and land, and livestock, but no close family. My parents died of illness. My sister married and moved away to live with her wife. I've only got my grandpa's brother and the farmhands to watch all the inheritance. It's easier for me to move my belongings to him than it is for him to move his family."
The beep of a heart monitor, carts rolling in the hallway, shuffling of clothing nearby. He's in the bed nearest the door and turned on his side, facing the middle of the room. A nurse has wedged a pillow behind him. He feels stitches pull and itch across his legs and his ribs are wrapped tightly with linen that starts under his arms and ends at his navel.
Sherlock was in the kitchen, cleaning the counters and washing the dishes. He had nearly no pain in his ribs as long as he didn't bend over or move too quickly. As he grabbed some coffee mugs from the living room, he could hear bits of conversation from the bathroom. He paused when he heard Hamish talking about him.
"Sherlock, Greg called me to tell me that I should get over here to help you. Nothing more. That's all. I think he likes you, likes it that we are together, could be together…." His words failed him as he gestured, squeezing Sherlock's knee.
He knew Robert was strong, and would push back against the scrutiny no matter what was written about him in the papers, but the feeling still left Mycroft feeling ill. He wanted to warn his brother away from Magnussen, to just make Magnussen disappear right now, but the plan had to follow through. Mary had to know Sherlock was fulfilling his bargain and killing Magnussen, and she was getting John.
He brings the flannel to Sherlock, kissing him awake, pecking kisses against his chest, his neck, jaw.
Sherlock's clothes are drenched, and cold, and stick to his body. His teeth chatter, and he giggles, his fingers unable to work his trousers and pants down over his hips.
"You're just jealous!" Sherlock shouts in his direction. His mouth is pink and puffy from kisses and stubble burn; John doesn't want to stop kissing him but he allows Sherlock to help him off his lap and sit him next to him on the couch.
His large, airy home is set back off of a field, off a winding lane. With this layout, he can see cars or pedestrians entering his property from all directions. His business activities, his sales to media, have allowed for a rather quick upturn in investments.
John's voice hitched as he drove to completion, the oil heating between them, their breath quickening and bodies warming. John kicked the quilt away, adjusting himself so his pelvis was tilted further down into Sherlock's, both men leaking precome profusely.
Now Mycroft's eyes were wet with tears. Both sets of parents embraced the young men, and the guests responded with even louder yelling and cheers.
Sherlock smiled at Hamish, "It's one of those things you shouldn't deduce. He'll tell you if he thinks you should know, ok?"
Sherlock was angry. He opened his eyes. Tavis was standing on his left. Behind him was Norris, Gavin and Price.
"Of course it's not his fault! What an idiotic thing to say!"  Sherlock barked. The lead carpenter, Dameon, stepped in between Sherlock and Harry.
"Are we on a boat, Sherlock?" is what John mumbles, but his throat feels so scratchy he's not sure if he can be understood. John reaches, trying to find the person next to him, and touches a leg, a knee, patting it. He's trying to get his mind to orient to what is up and what is down; In a fleeting panic he hopes the person next to him is Sherlock.
Sherlock's stomach twisted as he thought of having a husband. His brother had always thought only of books and of maximizing crop yields and sheep production. When Gregory Lestrade arrived leading his lame horse, Mycroft took more interest in the man's brown eyes and his laugh than his duties. Sherlock had caught them in the barn, facing each other, whispering and giggling, Gregory Lestrade tracing patterns onto Mycroft's palms with his fingertips.
The man answers, "Sherlock Holmes slíbil, že nás zabije, jestli se někdy dotkla John Watson . zabít nás všechny ."
"Oh, always something," John groaned, kissing on Sherlock's neck, his jawline, "When he goes to bed, maybe?"
"Do you feel me, Sherlock? Getting closer and deeper into you? Nearly touching your prostate? Do you feel me? God, you're so tight and hot. Just barely stretching you. Can you feel me?"
Sherlock and Daemon decided to start with every death that had at least one variable of Moriarty, Moran or Mericurium insurance. They worked at a fever pace, knowing John was being questioned.
Sherlock blinks throughout the child's speech. Every time he opens his mouth to get a word in, or to ask him to leave, the child launches into another tirade.
He crawled into John's lap, scrambling, dizzy, wrapping his arms around his neck and tucking his legs into John's stomach.
Sherlock bit his lip, applying more lubricant to his hole. John saw that he was shaved completely clean. Sherlock moaned, the tip of the dildo rubbing up and down his entrance. He thrashed his head back and forth, putting the tip in and pulling it out slightly, pushing it in again, "I would imagine you, John, rubbing yourself against me, pushing into me, just in little bits the first time. I imagined you were so big I couldn't take you all at once. You had to slowly push into me."
"John, no. I'll try and formulate what's going on, but I don't want space," Sherlock kissed John again, just a quick peck, and sat down at the table where John led, by Hamish, across from John.
"My dear one, my prince." John kissed Sherlock's eyelashes, his cheeks, his shoulders as he began to wash him in a warm shower. Reverently, John washed every bit of Sherlock, telling him how much he loved him; all of him- his mind, his heart, his soul.  As they rinsed the soap off of each other, John stood behind Sherlock, wrapping his arms around his stomach, pushing his chest and cheek into Sherlock's back.
John wakes up in a cold sweat, unsure where he is. He is biting down on his knuckles, regulating his breathing.
"Sherlock, sod it, I exert myself more in physical therapy, for god's sake, touch me, kiss me, do something. I've been married to you for over a month and I've missed most of it-" John, in a burst of energy, grabbed the lapels of Sherlock's jacket and hauled him closer, kissing him fervently, nibbling his lips, "Sherlock, touch me, something."
Raising Hamish now was different. Sherlock was here, and his mind whirred at a breakneck pace, keeping more in line with his son than anyone else he'd ever met. Sherlock leaned forward on the chair, meeting Hamish's eyes, "Based on the order in which you explained yourself, I am assuming you are unsure where to draw the line between immature infatuation and honest love and mutual respect of another person? You're unsure how to recognize what is honest love you may feel for someone else?"
John rolled over and pulled the bag up onto the bed. He sat up, the covers slipping down, revealing his muscled shoulders, freckled skin, peaked nipples. He pulled out from the bag a variety of oils.
John begins kissing Sherlock's neck, rubbing his shoulders, moving his hands down Sherlock's hips and thighs.
Robert shakes his head, gesturing for Mycroft to speak. Mycroft coughs, "I don't think that this newspaper is about us. I don't want to stop seeing you." Mycroft writes
John's mom stepped forward, shaking his hand as well, "How did you two meet?" Mr. Watson smiled at her, "Now, no interrogations, the boys just woke up."
"Daddy, can Mr. Detective take me to a decomposition site? That would be so cool. I could compare days, and temperatures, and body types. I could make notes so I have information when I'm a detective I'll know what to look for-"
"Ok, we're going up the back. Do you have your gun, John?" John nodded. They took off running, their footfalls light, climbing to the back of the fire escape. All the rooms they climbed past had lights on, tv sets running, dishes being washed. When they got to the dark flat, they creeped along the landing, Sherlock stooping to pull up the window very slowly.
"John, I would imagine you were shaking with lust, wanting to take me for the first time, but hoping to be gentle. That's all I thought about, was what my first time might be like with you. If you weren't interested in me, I thought about where I could go, who I might pay to take my virginity. I was losing my mind."
"Hi Uncle Greg. Uncle Mycroft's brother was hurt and he can't be alone. We are here at the hospital. I know you're on your sex holiday-"
"Jim Moriarty's full time business is performance accident and death insurance. He's a businessman. These accidents are good for business."
"Hmmm, my luachmhor. Let me wash off all the dust and dirt from the past days. Let me remove the dust from your hair, prìseil."
"No, John, I rather like you on the floor," his eyes were twinkling, and he quirked a smile at the side of his mouth. John loved the way he said his name when he was laughing, when he was truly happy.
"Well," she threw up her hands, "he must really like him! He introduced him to us, and he's cooking us all breakfast. This hasn't happened before!"
Sherlock moved so he had more leverage. Asking permission, he rolled  his hands across his aching shoulder, pulling at the tense muscle. He didn't know much about human anatomy, but in his livestock studies, it seemed to be a strained re injury.  As his hands and John's muscle warmed, he felt John roll the shoulder, stretching and pushing at his shoulder blade, increasing the range of motion.
The old man in white Sherlock couldn't deduce. He was staring at Sherlock the same way Sherlock stared back. Occasionally, he would look into the distance, scanning the entire horizon. Sherlock eventually grew bored, and went to his group of cousins who were huddled around one of the mead barrels. William, ever bound to duty, stayed at his side, but a few paces back.
Sherlock rolled away from John, laughing, nearly rolling himself into the creek water from laughing too hard.
"Greg?" John blinked at Sherlock. He took a moment before responding, "Sherlock, I did love Greg for a long time, and it's something I may never fully get over. But I was never brave enough to tell him. I can't
Sherlock left Lord John Watson to sleep, the time now nearing 4 am, the light pink beginning to streak across the sky.
Sherlock started by leaning forward and slapping the counter three times in quick succession. The wife dropped the pot on the floor, her mouth hanging open. She just stared at him, even as he began to sign, she stared with her mouth open.
Mycroft leaves, John works on keeping his face open with sadness as he turns to face Sherlock. They press each other with kisses, rubbing their hands all over each other. As Sherlock packs, John gathers items from other parts of the apartment. He tucks some letters into pockets of Sherlock's luggage when he asks Sherlock to leave him a moment so he can cry a bit alone. He hugs Sherlock's pillow, breathing in his scent, and that's how Sherlock finds him when he barges back into the room.
Sherlock finds his heart beating nearly out of his chest. He opens his mouth, then closes it. John's face is expectant, open.
The man looks at John, then Mycroft, "že je v příštím plánování dveří do budovy. On nám chtěl říct svému lékaři Johna Watsona , že se těžce poučili, neopustit svého milence za sebou , takže je stanovení tohoto chybu."
John took the condom in Sherlock's hand and unwrapped it, watching his face as he rolled it on the beautiful man. Sherlock nodded for John to proceed. John sheathed him, made sure there was extra lubricant on him, and then sank onto him, running his hands up and down Sherlock's chest as he did so. Sherlock didn't moan or speak, but puffed out air and bit his lip, placing his hands on either side of John's hip, teasing his lower belly. John rose up and down on his knees, Sherlock stretching and filling him. John attempted to copy the
Mycroft stops touching Robert's face, puts his hand down on the bed. No way to deny it, "Are you upset?"
Mummy Holmes raised her glass in a toast, and the conversation at the table picked back up again. Sherlock's heart was hammering in his throat. So much he imagined that John Watson must hear it. He leaned over to him, his chin just raised slightly.
Three months into his career change, John still felt out of his depth at St. Bart's. He was thrilled to make the move from a simple A&E Doctor to a Forensic Pathologist. He'd accelerated the training, but it still took four years. During that time he'd pulled a favor from Mike Stamford, an old college buddy, to get him a residence in the morgue. Being the assistant to the Lead Forensic Pathologist was humbling, but John decided this was part of his retraining on "How to stop being a massive wanker and participate in society again."
"I have the words in the letters memorized. I love you, I forgive you, I will always be there for you," John kisses the top of Sherlock's head, "What would your letters say?"
They pack silently, efficiently; they've kept clothes and items stowed and ready to take the moment Baker Street was available. Now, it's John that's going back to their flat and Sherlock back to his "hospitalization." Everyone is moving pieces against the most dangerous woman in the world: Mary Morstan. She has turned enemies into working partners. John is tired of the cat and mouse and feels heat of tears as he finishes zipping his duffle bag.
"Oh my god!" Sherlock yelps, clapping his hands in front of his face. He's biting his cheek. Mycroft's face is pink.
"A larger scale bully, but yes. He makes up stories just close enough to the truth and earns money with threats."
"John, I want you to fill me, I want to feel you," Sherlock pulls John's cock up, so it is fully straight, then lowers himself onto him. It's so quick, so hot and tight, John hitches, grabs the sheets. Sherlock wraps himself over John, kissing and licking his chest, nipples, collarbone.
Sherlock was crying now. Just a few tears, "You don't hate me? You don't think I'm a freak?" God, John loved him. This sweet brilliant man. He had never felt such an ache in his chest to be close to someone else. Constantly.
John smiled, scooting closer and patting his knee, "You'll need to do some research on Victorian flower meanings." He looked out the window, leaving Sherlock alone to his thoughts for a moment. When they arrived at their flat, it took Sherlock extra time to exit the car, as he was cradling the flowers to his chest to keep the water from spilling.  After they were inside the flat, he put them on the table in the sitting room, near the sunlight. Sherlock stood by the window, looking out at the street.
They ate breakfast and have snacked in uncomfortable silence. His father keeps giving him strange looks across the table.
"John, I don't understand why you want to do that. Why you want to do it that way," Sherlock looked at the floor, "Is everything you do just for convenience?" Sherlock looked up at him, then his watch.
"You're here?" Sherlock's voice is cracking as he leaves the bed, strips down to his boxers, and returns to bed; both now under the covers. They hold onto one another, as if they are drowning, grabbing each other for buoyancy.
Sherlock did his best to keep from spilling the water from the jar as he ran, but as it was, the jar was nearly empty when he rounded the ridge and came upon his homestead. The scene reminded him of his brother's ceremony, but no one was sitting as there were no benches set out. Everyone was standing and talking. He imagined this was due to the fact that John was as anxious to leave as his letter conveyed.
Sherlock takes John into his mouth, continuing with the small, gentle touches. He swirls him gently in his mouth, letting the tip of his cock connect with his cheek. John gently pulls Sherlock's hair, rubbing his scalp. His breath becomes ragged, he feels himself near climax, when Sherlock lets go.
"You are used to danger, and waking quickly. You're a farmer, and you've had to fight off enemies, thieves and wolves in the blink of an eye. You rarely wake leisurely. The last time you slept in a bed with me for any length of time I was gravely ill, and you slept lightly and fitfully, worried about my health. Your body is still running on that muscle memory. You awoke, and did not turn to draw me close, but rather sucked in air and looked wide eyed at the ceiling. I know you, my husband."
John snaps awake, grabbing his gun from the bedside table and rolling on the floor like he's 20 years old again, fresh in the service. (Intruder? Moriarty? Mycroft?) He waits, tucked behind the corner of the bed, not wanting to fire until absolutely necessary.
John looked at Sherlock, who kept his eye contact. John took his hand, rolling so he could feel his pulse. Sherlock's heartbeat was a bit quick, but not out of control, "You're real, Sherlock, and I would like to do this however you would like. I told you, I wouldn't mind not annulling it," John smiled again, grabbing his packed suitcase and snapping it shut, "Are you packed, will we be leaving soon?"
"Not a sociopath...my sweet prince," John is cooing; Sherlock has never heard anything like it. He's shushing him, kissing him, wiping away his tears. He wants to tell John he loves him but he can't compare with John's wonderful words. Even though they've slept all night, his body is bone tired. He wants (itches, craves) to be held, rocked, comforted. He's never felt this way (never let himself). He's let John bathe him, dress him; he knows he's an adult, but he's been on his own for so long. Now John is here. John will always be here.
Sherlock didn't respond. He took the handfasting cloth and unwraped it, throwing it over his shoulder. He grabbed John's hand and ran, laughing as he and John climbed into the horse wagon. As he sat down, smoothing down the handfasting cloth over his laugh, John kissed his husband breathlessly, "That is the most ridiculous thing I've ever done."
"No," John says, beginning the march down the seventeen steps to the landing, "Please be gone when we return." The 'we', John clips, punctuates, mostly for Sherlock's benefit. He wants to hold Sherlock's coatsleeve, his pantcuff, his shoe, anything, but everyone is in the way. John looks at Sherlock, Sherlock's eyes are cloudy, but they do not break eye contact. All the way, the bumping, whirling ride to hospital (Jesus, how many times...) they cannot touch, but they keep their eyes on one another, hardly blinking. It is electric focus, no one questions John's entrance into the ambulance. They are together, their eyes communicate, they do not lose each other. Their eyes tether each other; holding hands while running handcuffed, pulling one from a burning pyre, choosing each other over all else.
"Sherlock," John called from outside the shower. He didn't open the curtain even though they'd already seen each other intimately the night before, "I've got your clothes in the wash. I found some leggings and a long Tshirt?"
Sherlock considers how trusting John is, to just allow him, in this delirious state, to comfort him and hold him. He'd panicked when John had lashed out as he and Mycroft and the nurse tried to get the IV drip started. He'd been pushing them away, but then he'd heard John cry out for Mary, and Sherlock jumped away, ready to run from the room. When he'd realized John was scared that Mary was in the room, that she was coming for Sherlock, he'd plunged back on the bed and grabbed as tightly onto him as he could; held him so completely still that Mycroft and the nurse could quickly find a vein.
He writes Joseph Green a thank you note and leaves some money to repay them for the clothing and the packet of bread, meat, cheese, and apple he puts in his pocket.
Sherlock felt the first slice near his ribs, and a punch. He crumpled, giving a roundhouse kick to the man as he started to fall. He scrambled away, crawling on hands and knees, as the man stabbed at his calves, his thighs, as if he was attempting to pin the detective down with his knife.
Magnussen, this time, was pulled to the ground by John before he could flick Sherlock in the face. John punched him, over and over and over. He was held down, yelled at, crying, but Sherlock was safe. He hurt. He wanted to die. But Sherlock was safe.
After Mary has left the flat, Mrs. Hudson comes upstairs, bounding up the stairs quicker than Sherlock has ever heard.
"Why would anybody be upset if he's talking to me?" Greg finally asked. Mycroft and Sherlock gave each other a look, Sherlock going so far as to roll his eyes.
"Did you say something, daddy, to Mr. Detective? Did you do something? Do you guys just not like each other? Mr. Detective, why aren't you and Daddy friends anymore? It's something daddy said because when I mentioned it, Mr. Detective broke eye contact. So, what did you say, daddy?"
John wiped at his eyes, "I love Greg, he and Mycroft are really good for each other. I wouldn't ruin it. I love him too much for that," John looked at the floor, "Your turn. I've bared my soul to you, even though you knew it all. Tell me something about you. Explain what Mycroft told me."
John cannot really form a sentence, but he wants to touch Sherlock. He reaches for him, but he can't quite make his fingers match where Sherlock is.
"Sherlock, my dear Sherlock" John moves up from the floor, straddling Sherlock's lap. His knees are on either side of Sherlock's thighs. John wraps his arms around him, pressing his chest, his groin, against every bit of him against him.
They smacked against their flesh, sweating, growling and yelling. John had never felt this way about anyone. He loved him so dearly. He turned Sherlock's jaw back towards him to nip kisses at him, almost slipping completely out of him.
"Keep it on you. You don't know when you'll be struck. It's different than making love to a woman. Women produce their own lubrication when they're amorous, but men have to use oil so it doesn't hurt. You can also use other methods that feel good. You can touch each other. Kiss. Give each other pleasure without penetrating into one or the other. But penetrating your lover feels like nothing else. A connection. When you are penetrated, there is a nerve your lover strikes. It feels incredibly good to be touched. Pleasure like nothing else."
Sherlock didn't protest, but allowed John to place the flowers in his hair. They itched, but he left them alone. John's mouth was on his, pressing and moving against his lips, his tongue running against his teeth. John used his fingers to skim under Sherlock's kilt, touching his thighs, his cock and balls. Sherlock moaned, trembling, opening his legs for more of John's touches.
Sherlock watched John. He quivered, oscillating near the scaffolding, looking up at it from the stage, as he measured out the distance between sections with his fingers. The company watched, silent.
The floor moves sideways as John puts the bowl on the floor. He tries to reach for the water Sherlock placed on the nightstand but he can't quite make his fingers work the way they should, and they slip, the glass of water tipping onto the floor. He puts his head down on his arm, breathing deeply, trying to calm the spinning and ringing in his ears.
Their allies (John smiles, the local version of Sherlock's homeless network) guides them to a landing field with fires and kerosene lamps.
"I'll tell you later," Sherlock ghosts against John's ear, "Let's get a few hours sleep before tomorrow."
"I just wanted to see you in the kilt. I got dressed up how I thought you'd like. I didn't know what happens after this."
He looked up behind the shoulder of Mr. Hudson. Hamish stood there, holding up a broken chair. He had cracked the chair against the back of his head, giving Sherlock the seconds he needed to overpower the man, and for John to come running over holding his gun on Mr. Hudson.
"Sherlock," John held his hands out, palms off, gesturing for Sherlock to hold them, but not forcing. Sherlock took his hands, feeling the callouses on John's thumbs rub against Sherlock's smooth knuckles.
Hamish looked up at Sherlock, "Mr. Detective, daddy kept talking to you even though you weren't there. And he's been sad. And worried. But you're here taking care of…"
John rolled off of him. They lie naked, on their sides, facing each other. The light began to stream in brighter, diffused by the rough blown glass.
Billy lets Mummy and Daddy fuss over him for the evening. He knows it's because they're missing their children, but it still feels nice to be made to eat and find some nice hand me downs from the Holmes boys.
The three men that were left outside to guard the door attempt to speak to Captain Watson, but he ignores them; climbs back into his seat in the helicopter and begins cleaning his service weapon.
John looked up from the phone, grinning, handing it back. Sherlock tucked it back into his pocket, then slapped his hands together, pushing the right one out faster than the left.
Twelve hours later, Sherlock broke the case, easily determining it was the babysitter. She had become pregnant by the father of her charges, and she was out for monetary compensation and revenge.
John wrapped his arms around the loves of his life, pulling them close. They were content to sit and talk, to hold each other, and just be together. The beginning of promises. The beginning of the rest of their lives.
Over the past two days, he has spent the majority of it in bed. In the company of another person. He has barely checked his emails, only just caught a few phone calls, and scarcely eaten more than a few bites of toast and some pieces of fruit.
John pushed back, leaning up, kissing his mouth deeply, "I am especially sorry for you, as I knew what I was getting into, going into a war zone. You didn't ask for this to happen to you," he ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair again, "Are you ok, laying down in bed with me, while we talk?"
John pulled Sherlock close, holding him around the shoulders, "Sherlock, that's laid out like a kitchen house but it's not. That is a separate place for all your experiments. A place to keep your ingredients and measuring tools so they don't get ruined by the rain. It's big enough for you and your brother to work side by side, if you like."
"Do you mind if I take these, Mr. Holmes? I'm not sure what you've uncovered but I think these playbills might help."
"No, don't misunderstand me," Sherlock pulled him into a kiss, "If I'm overwhelmed it's because I'm so happy. I always expected to be alone.  And I'm just so happy right now. I feel as if I may float out of my skin."
Mycroft pushed back into Sherlock, wrapping him into a large hug, "Sherlock, why are you worried about John? What is wrong?"
John leaned over, making sure he was still covered, and snapped the door back shut, "Thank you for your input!" John looked back at Sherlock. His eyes were blue green, soft, and absolutely focused on John. He wanted to ask him, but now wasn't the right time.
Sherlock left the clothing to dry, then sat himself beside John. He felt a rushed need to explain himself, "I'm sorry I leered at you. I shouldn't have done that. I'm sorry-"
Sherlock was moaning, doing his best to rock back and forth without putting too much of his weight on John. However, John encouraged him to move by running his fingers on his ribs, bucking himself up into Sherlock. Sherlock's erection was caught between himself and John, and he moaned as he felt Sherlock shudder and cry out. He continued to moan, rocking, crying John's name.
John put his hands on Sherlock's, "Don't talk about leaving," John ran his hands up and down his ribs.
Sherlock's knees feel weak so he bends them slightly and reminds himself to breathe. He will not, cannot, give her the satisfaction of seeing him faint. She has outmaneuvered him again; his only consolation, only hope, is that she still truly believes Moriarty is dead. He is their last Ace.
"Yes, love?" Sherlock's heart rate sped up. He felt the words against his ear, and the rumble of John's voice against his back.
"No John, no alcohol for you." Sherlock chastises, bopping him on the nose with his index finger. John remembers Janine sitting on his lap, and Sherlock in a similar pose with her.
John smiled at his love, running his fingers through his hair one last time before getting out of bed.
Because they were male, and British, and stubborn, it had taken them years and the ruse of a case to just
John turned his fingers around in Sherlock's palm, rubbing his fingers over his wrist, "Where were you this morning?"
Sherlock didn't speak, but John felt him wrestling something out of his pocket. John felt empty as Sherlock withdrew his fingers. John then roared his head back as he felt just the head of Sherlock's lube covered cock rubbing over him in circles, dipping in him just slightly, then pulling out. Teasing. Stretching slightly. Rolling around the edges of his opening, dropping lubricant over his quivering hole as he did so.
Moriarty turns and stands, walking over to stand in front of John. John is afraid that if he weren't slightly leaning on Mycroft's shoulder that his knees would buckle and he'd collapse.
"Am I doomed?" John asked, as they rocked back and forth in the back of a cab. Sherlock grinned, "No, you're just lucky we aren't doing these experiments in the kitchen."
John smiled, then winced, "You're doing it, Sherlock. Having you ahead of me, I want to get in the flat," he took another weezing breath, "A carrot on a stick, so to speak."
"Jo-John?" Sherlock hated how small his voice sounded. But John turned and looked up at him. His smile was so bright.
John mutters and goes into the bathroom. Sherlock looks back at Mycroft, whose face is scrunched and eyes slightly watery. Mycroft lets out a breath he was holding. They watch each other, silently, for a few moments; evaluating one another.
As snow begins to lightly fall, Sherlock crosses the line of trees that buffer the park. His phone buzzes, causing him to jump.
John slicked his fingers with oil, grinning at Sherlock mischievously. He pulled off Sherlock's kilt and tartan, throwing them across the room. John sat forward, circling his slicked hole with his oil-covered middle finger. He pushed in, crooking his finger to find the nub that made Sherlock moan and his prick drip with  clear liquid. Sherlock felt his body stretch, opening his legs as far as he could to allow John to push in further. He added his first finger, stretching Sherlock's tight skin around his digits. He rutted against the bed, turned on by the sight of Sherlock driving himself down on his fingers, his hole fluttering as it opened and shut around them.
Sherlock watched John interact with his parents. Though the artist's relationship with his mummy and dad was good, it was different. They'd sent Sherlock to school to become a lawyer. When he'd dropped out for makeup design at a local summer stock theatre they hadn't talked to him for weeks.
"So, Hamish is ok? If we come back tomorrow?" Sherlock yawned, pulling the covers tighter around them.
Sherlock woke to John kissing him. He was unsure how to respond. He'd been worried that he'd hurt John, but he seemed perfectly content. In looking over John's body, he couldn't imagine him fitting inside of Sherlock. That would have to take a lot of preparation and encouragement. He didn't feel different, except for the fact that he didn't want to leave this bed. He wanted to stay wrapped around John, feeling his lips across his jaw and his neck.
John is sitting at the breakfast table. He is dressed, making himself eat toast and jam. A knot, that will not leave, is in the center of his stomach. The Valium is taking the edge off his nerves. He was sure to leave the bottle in the bathroom that Mary uses. Any jitters, anxiety, weird speech can be attributed to the Valium. Rightly so, she will assume he is off his faculties because of the drug, and will not assume he is lying or evasive.
Sherlock grimaces and pushes backwards in pain so he can see the child more clearly, "What are you doing…." It hurt to breathe, and his vision is coming in clearer waves and fuzzy interludes.
"I like that," John grinned, happy with how his life was so different from a year ago. Challenges were still present, but he wouldn't be alone. He had a partner, a partner that understood both him, and his son. Happy wasn't even the proper word. Content, relieved, whole. His family, complete, "I like that, the only three in the world. No one else like us."
John couldn't help but grin at the other man, pushing his curls behind his ear. They looked at one another for a moment, then John typed out a phrase. He had to erase it and start over twice.
John heard Sherlock sigh, "John," exasperated. John was being a mere mortal, a human moving at a glacial pace, "You were having sex so enthusiastically you banged the door off kilter. I checked on you a little later, afraid maybe you'd had a stroke or concussion from that much activity."
John laughed, pulling away to clip his own tartan together, "I know you can. But I love touching you, I want to take care of you."
The sheriff was at the door, demanding to bring in John Watson for questioning in the accidental death of Phillip Anderson. Sherlock asked that Daemon call John's parents, and offered to accompany John to the station. The sheriff did not allow Sherlock to go with him.
The detective moved and sat himself fully on John's lap, causing John to huff with surprise, "Sherlock, let's go to the bedroom, I can hold you there, ok? We won't do a thing. We can lie down and I can wrap myself around you if you want?"
Later that night, John had bounced on the bed, banging the headboard into the wall, cracking the plaster off in chunks onto the carpet. Mrs. Hudson giggled as she walked past their bedroom, watching John reorganize the bed so it was in the middle of the room and patch and repaint the wall. They were all negotiating their relationship and their boundaries, and learning how to share space. Sometimes learning new things about one another that they'd rather not have known.
Sherlock watched John drift in and out of focus as he washed his hands and face and neck from the water basin. He could see his body was shaking.
John felt Sherlock's warm fingers upon his. He grinned, looking at Hamish and then back at Sherlock. Hamish looked as if it were Christmas morning. John kept his eye contact with Sherlock while encouraging him to put the ring on him by moving his fingers.
John turned back around, digging his keys back out of his pocket. His fingers were pink and shook with cold.
Sherlock debated for hours whether or not to listen to John's voicemail. He did finally listen to it, about 11:30pm, but it was staticky and garbled and mentioned
John looked at Hamish, "Maybe another time. Just not today. We're just not sure what the scene will look like."
"John. Dr. Watson. Listen to me. Mary is not here. We won't let her anywhere near here. There is a nurse here to give you an IV. My little brother doesn't want to risk you going to the hospital, I need you to calm down."
Jaime led Sherlock around the back of the house, to his parents' room. Norris, Gavin, Price, the Wallace cousins, and Eric, the other Holmes cousin, were crowded in the small room, talking animatedly regarding the areas searched and where else to go. They were so involved, talking over one another so loudly, that Tavis had to whistle to get their attention.
"He'll love it," Sherlock grinned, moving his hand to stroke John's hair, "I was terrified for Mr. Hudson. I was afraid you were going to kill him."
