The cat was out of the bag now. And Steve Rogers may as well be back in the ice.
“Pizza delivers,” J.J offered from a chair in the corner. “Nothing creepy about asking someone to drive out to the middle of nowhere.”
“Comes from having the best and most beautiful omega by my side. A man always knows the right path when he’s got the right person to point the way.”
He felt his eyes prickle again, remembering the fear he’d felt outside the doctor’s office, and to his horror, he sniffled. He was meant to be tough, the Sheriff’s omega, but as he looked at the evidence of how close he had come to losing Steve, all the emotion of the last day or so bubbled over, and he let out a sob.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You haven’t,” Tony disagreed. “You‘ve given me a path where I might make my own choices away from this stifling place without casting myself adrift. I’m grateful that it was you who chose me, because now I can have an adventure, instead of some awful vapid existence. And well with your looks and mine, the kid should be a real beauty which is always a blessing.” He looked at Stíofán’s arms. “Though I hope the muscles come later or it’ll be a hard labour.”
“Come,” Stíofán said, sitting up. “If we don’t you will make the
Then Steve turned around, and the tears in his eyes were undercut immediately by the wide blinding smile that was spreading over his face. “It was Carol. Doc came by and let her know that the fever broke overnight. He’s going to be fine.”
He charmed others -- of all species -- into friendship or carnal relations, and though he sometimes projected flippancy, S’Teve had never known him to do less than his best for those he cared for.
“I’m--I have a delivery! From the bakery, but I must have the wrong house.”
“Tell you what Mr Walk-it-off, when it’s your organs on the line, then we’ll talk relaxed, hippy plant parenting.”
Unfortunately though, fate seemed to have other ideas, and no matter how much he tried, he never managed to catch Steve in time to speak with him. When it got late, he dutifully caught a cab home, musing over his new idea for cat art therapy, even as his mind wandered, thinking of Steve Rogers and how delicious he looked in polyester. Not that it mattered, when was he ever going to bump into that guy again?
When this was all over, he needed to give Steve Rogers a proper thank you.
Tony nodded. “At least two mating cycles. It’s the sickness that comes at the start, Livia in the kitchens is sure.”
Bucky grinned. “That would be really cool.”
Steve looked at him. “Do you mind telling me just what in God’s name you were--”
They stood looking for a time, chatting and watching the dirigible bob in the air. As the sun began to dip behind the hills and the temperature started to drop, Steve suggested they head back. The journey was easier this time, and soon he was dropping Tony off outside the bakery.
“Nah, we’re good.” Pops waved them away. “Go on, get. If you’re lucky, I might let you guys have a beer instead of soda. Now that you’re going to be college students and all.”
He stopped short.
“Yes sir, we— he’s coming down the hall! Shoot him! Shoot him! CRRK!—“
He told her about his trip, avoiding any of the sadder parts of it, and focusing on the things that had managed to bring a smile to his face instead of a painful memory.
“Hi.”
Steve groaned. “I’m not so sure I can do this after all.”
Antonius sighed. “Well, you’d better get used to it. Happens pretty regularly.”
“Well then.” Tony slid slowly down until he was kneeling on the floor, his palms resting on two muscled thighs. He kept eye contact, hearing the sheriff’s shallow breath. “Perhaps I could-”
“I wouldn’t shun any help if I were you, you could use all the luck you can get,” Fury told him. “But that’s enough for now, enjoy the festivities.”
Not lack-of-sleep tired, though he was plenty that as well, but tired to the bone.
He opened his mouth to change the topic when there was a loud crash and Bucky’s voice shouting over the noise, “oh for fuck’s sake. Not again!”
He pulled out, turning the doe onto his belly and pushing his face into the soft mattress. He was careful not to block Tony’s air, but when he plunged back in, the sound was muffled as Tony grunted. “That’s better.”
“We live on a farm. We don’t
“I wish I could believe that. I really, really do,” Tony said, looking at him, his chest feeling sore. “Only, last Monday you told me you were in Washington, and Pepper saw you downtown. You were talking to some redhead. She was sure of the day too, because it was the same day the Avengers fought that sea monster thing, and she got stuck in traffic. So, I guess the redhead was just some client too then?”
“I don’t want your damn money, Steve!”
He sat up as Steve moved forward, grabbing Dodger's collar and pulling him back. “Good boy, let it go, come on.”
Steve nodded, looking down and scrubbing the back of his hand over his eyes. “I just want you to be happy Tony.”
“Shows what they know,”Stíofán said lightly as he picked up the pace. here would be a few bucks who would meet the ends of his horns tomorrow though, make no mistake. “If you were my roman whore I’d have you hooves in the air and ready for me whenever I want, not working your fingers to the bone at the forge.”
“You’re on.”
Sam nodded, still looking at Tony, but as Bucky turned to go he saw Sam’s hand out of the corner of his eye brush over Bucky’s forearm where Tony would bet every dollar he had his words were printed. It was soft, intimate, and so second nature it made Tony’s heart ache.
“I’m making you better armour. I’ve been watching the weapons maker, and I see his techniques. I can do the same.”
Tony listened to the comforting babble as they walked down the street, taking Peter’s hand tightly as they approached the busy intersection, feeling the familiar panic in his chest. He still tensed at busy roads, as soon as he smelt the heavy scent of car exhaust, unable to shake the memory of when Peter had first started walking and had darted across the street when Tony had been distracted. He’d gone weak in the knees with fear at the time, and now he made sure to keep him close.
J.J grabbed her around the shoulders and pulled her in for a hug. “I’ll see you on the 20th.”
“Tony.”
“Mr Stark, please, wait.” Had the man gotten his name from the ticket office?
Tony stared. “You threw a guy out the window! How the fuck did you do that?”
“Then we are in agreement,” Tony said, with a cheeky grin and Mr Rogers laughed, still sounding a little overwhelmed. “If I may be so bold, since we are to be engaged, might I be permitted to call you by your Christian name?”
Steve grinned. “You seem the opinionated type.”
Tony tensed for a moment, but then he took a deep breath, likely catching Steve’s scent, and relaxed. He pushed himself up, turning to look at Steve.
“You do,” Steve accused. “You’re spreading your scent on purpose!”
Steve huffed. “I was informed no home was complete without a dog to defend the house, which I heartily disagreed with. However, I was also told that only a truly callous man would leave his omega unprotected, and while I was arguing the point – you and your gun are a far better option – I had my pocket picked for the price of this little rat catcher and sent on my way. So, this little fella is yours.”
Steve growled. “No, my omega. Where. Is. he?”
“A disappointment? Tony, I hurt you, made you cry. You didn’t like it. We don’t have to do it when you don’t like it and it causes you pain.”
He’d been hiding for so long that when his secret was finally revealed, Steve hadn’t seen it coming.
When the sun came up, Tony realised he was going to have to handle the situation on his own.
“It’s still early, try and sleep a bit longer. Maybe you’ll feel up to something to eat after.”
Starlight Estate had been the summer home of the Starks for generations, taken over by the son of the current Lord on the occasion of his marriage. Strangely, even after the tragic early death of his wife, Mr Stark had remained with his son instead of returning to the family home, and it was to this situation that Steve arrived.
“We do a community outreach on Thursday afternoons,” Tony explained as he cashed up the till. “We take some of the older cats to the retirement home and do a visit with the old folks. We take cake from the cafe and have a nice afternoon chatting and letting them pet the cats. You want to come?”
“Let me buy you a new coffee at least,” the man said, still looking embarrassed, but very much like he wouldn’t take no for an answer. “Please.”
Tony had to work to keep his face blank. He hadn’t told anyone about that. It was still just a prototype, an idle idea of showing up his dad by making it smaller and more useful. But it had worked. He had dreams of presenting it as the new future of green energy, but it wasn’t there yet. And so he hadn’t shared it with anyone, yet Pierce knew about it. That suggested a leak Tony hadn’t seen, but he’d be plugging it as soon as they got out of here.
His mother-in-law had also sent recipes for sponge cake and an apple pie upon hearing they’d gotten hitched, along with a lovely letter addressed to Tony, personally welcoming him to the family and telling him how excited she was to meet him when she returned to Brooklyn Junction.
“Why would Rumlow want to start a damn business?” Steve continued when nobody answered him. “Are you under the impression that he’s trying to make some cash?”
Steve did his best not to look as queasy as he felt when he nodded and promised, “Anything, Tony.”
“I didn’t mean to do it this way,” Steve admitted quietly, which only seemed to worry Tony more.
Even children growing up in old Terrini were not taught the full devastation of their hard-won independence. Even now, unified and increasingly prosperous, it was too soon. Those from old Machtberg knew next to nothing.
Steve tried to resist the urge to smile. “Fair enough,” he said once he’d gotten his face under control. “When do you go back to Geneva?”
“That’s a first,” Tony said, a big, relieved smile so clear in his voice that Tony couldn’t even manage to tease Steve about it. “I don’t buy it.”
To his left, Tony whimpered in muted horror. He hurried to clear his throat and to address Steve in a strict, businesslike tone.
Still, they couldn’t keep apart for long. Tony had already showered, but while he massaged the shampoo into Steve’s hair with firm, attentive fingers, Steve chased kiss after indulgent kiss from his traitorous lips. When he lathered up the firm sponge and turned Steve around to wash his back, Steve took Tony’s free hand in his, lifting it from where it rested on his hip to his lips, so he could brush absent kisses over his knuckles and lick the warm water off his skin.
Tony sat the stack of plates down with a huff and glared at them both. “Alright, that’s it. For the last time: I’m not unhealthy, I’m well over 150 pounds, which is perfectly reasonable—”
“Just get back to work,” was all he said before hanging up on her. He got out of the Uber and was thumbing over to his email to get some last minute work done, but unlike their dates, Tony was on time for their appointment and already waiting for him.
“When do you leave?” he asked in a whisper. All at once, the thought of Steve leaving left Tony quite reluctant to push away and let him sit up again. He wasn’t ready to let Steve leave so soon.
“Uh,” he said eloquently into the silent room of people waiting for his response. “Right, exactly. Uh, there’s—Mary, I will have to talk to her, right, thank you, Sharon, I—I, because I will not be able to get back with her until next Monday, because I, uh, I will be away. I will be away for the weekend with my fiance.”
“Good morning, all. We will make this quick—Thor,” he said in surprise, not having expected him there. “It is good to see you in the office again,” he amended without irony, but then with a stricter glance towards Bruce and Tony, he added, “Remember, if you feel unwell, you are under no obligation to attend these meetings. Your health must come first.”
That was all the time it took.
“It’s every man for himself,” Tony answered simply. “You brought it on yourself. Once they catch you, you can’t run
“Water, please,” Steve said in a rush, walking after his host finally and trying not to smack himself on the forehead.
Much too quickly, Tony lit up with a big smile. “Yes!” He cheered, gesturing at the despondent dragon. “Fire-power! We can save Stephanie from Chief Talia!”
“You look good in blue,” Tony observed between leisurely bites. Steve hummed to himself, but rather than helping him appreciate his past fashion choices Tony’s comment reminded him that he was free to look less pulled together now that he wasn’t in front of a camera. He kicked off his shoes and sat up to pull his sweater off over his head so he could get more comfortable in his big armchair.
With monumental effort, Steve shook his head and assured Tony he wanted it. And he did, he really did, he wanted it to be with Tony. He braced himself and turned over then, settling on his forearms and wide-spread knees. He could hear Tony fussing with something behind him, but he didn’t want to know, and he didn’t dare look—he kept his eyes on the nearest pillow, as if it was a fascinating art piece.
“It would be my pleasure,” Tony replied sincerely, pulling her in for a hug. She gave him a quick peck on the lips, then kissed Steve and Rhodey on their cheeks before wishing them all a good night.
The little device replied to the cop’s request with the detached confidence of a machine. “With a firm tone of voice, demand maniac lie down with hands behind back.”
“Wow, really?” Steve said in open amazement. “But, will you be late for your interview?”
Tony snorted loudly in his clear surprise, then he dissolved into quiet giggles.
Tony let out a breath he’d been holding and tried to muster a smile. “I guess tomorrow.”
“Hang on,” Steve said after a beat, and as he turned to the crowd around them he took off his cap, his one disguise. Murmurs rose around them and a few heads turned their way as a fraction of the people standing around them on the train started to notice whom they were standing beside.
“You were about to kiss someone else on our first date!”
But it wasn’t until the night when Steve sent Sam home early and entered Tony’s room with six canisters that his life fell apart. He had planned to stay with Tony all night, to harvest slowly and see if the impossible was possible.
“Sorry, Steve,” Tony was mumbling mindlessly as Steve helped him undress. It almost sounded like he was crying. “So, sorry… didn’t mean to hurt you, I love you, Steve.”
“Louder, darling,” Tony whispered between breathless kisses when he thought he caught Steve gasping his name. “Don’t hide from me.”
Ahhhh the chapter was getting so long
tell ma I got married,” Steve tried to argue, but clearly he was the only after-hours inhabitant of the Beauty Oasis who felt that way.
“Mine,” Tony heard a deep voice rumble from all around him, and his eyelids fluttered open in an impossible act of obedience. Through the haze of spiraling desire Tony stared up at the god that was his Steve.
—what’s
“Oh, I bet you say that to all the Girls,” said the voice from earlier and, despite the overwhelming distraction of the murderous dragon towering over them, Clint noticed that the voice did not come from the dragon itself.
“That’s most of it,” Steve said and glanced his way with a grin before finishing cleaning after himself. “I thought we could go find Lila and Rhodes, maybe Bucky if he isn’t sick of us.”
“Stay with him!” he shouted back to Tony, gesturing at the old man as he passed him. Steve continued after Rumlow alone, rounding a low, decorative hedge in the shape of tulips Rumlow had dashed through, but that bastard was nowhere to be seen. Steve spun every direction, peering after the man and listening carefully in an effort to find the cadence of his sprinting feet, but Rumlow had well and truly gone up in smoke.
“Listen, son,” she said so plainly Steve blinked at her in surprise. He’d expected a threat, or a come-on, but direct, simple talk was a happy surprise. “Tony’s alone out in that Yankee city. I can see it, we all can. Do you care about him?”
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep,” Tony warned him, laughter still warm in his voice. “I don’t like liars.”
“You… such a dream,” Tony murmured, his tongue uncooperative and his head foggy in his afterglow. With every passing second, he could feel his limbs grow heavier, his body melting into the mattress. Boneless and incoherent, Tony floated between the planes of time and space, clumsily reaching for Steve in an effort to keep him close.
The relative silence that followed made Steve look up again. By the surprised looks on both his boyfriend and his best friend’s faces, it looked like they had heard him after all.
When had that ever made someone feel good about themselves?
Professor Hawley welcomed her and introduced them, explaining that Natasha would be the lead counsel for the scheduled hearing and that the interns were there to help get through the case as quickly as possible. As she shared the details of her earlier conversation with Stark, it became clear that settling was not on the table; Stark hadn’t budged on the offer of five million dollars, but Hawley was convinced Mrs. Hansen’s case was too good for that.
But most of all, Steve had an irrational fear that if he acknowledge it publicly, he’d wake up and find out it was all a dream.
Across the street, Tony was walking away from the restaurant with his phone in his hand.
“He’s there?” Bucky asked, then continued before Steve had a chance to answer. “Tell him he’s too good for you, and I have a story or two to tell him from drama school.”
“Hey, no, it’s okay. It’s the diet,” Steve reminded him, brushing his hands up the sides of Tony’s thighs. If the situation hadn’t been serious, he would have slid his hands up the backs of Tony’s legs to cup and knead his rounder, bigger, more muscular ass in the palms of his hands, but he fought back the urge to give Tony his full attention.
“It was assisted life. If I take your hand and slap Steve, which one of us committed the assault?”
“I hate you,” Bucky groaned between disgusted gasps of air. Breaking into the sewage drains had been bad, but after a few minutes, their noses had adjusted. But when they had gotten to the point of the wall where wading through the filth was no longer an option and they had to swim in it - see through it - he had never more wanted to give up on his asshole friend.
Down the line, he heard Tony take a deep breath. “Seven is good—seven is
“The application is due in four months. I asked my professors for recommendation letters, and I ordered seven of the most recent LSAT review books. I’m finishing my class work early so I can focus on my admissions essay and the LSATs. I need a 175 or better.”
Tony shifted in Steve’s lap, trying to find the right words to say. Nothing felt right; they hadn’t been together for Tony to have evidence, so any promise would consist of hollow words. What Tony
After a quick trip to his home office, Steve returned with a small, unassuming John Lewis shopping bag.
“Not through the walls,” Steve admitted with a little shrug of his broad shoulders. “But you’d been on the same half sheet of paperwork for forty minutes, and my birthday is on Thursday. Stealth never was your strong suit, Stark.”
in Vancouver, and they had to put me in maternity clothes because I’d put on forty-five pounds to look like an alien. I was supposed to be a custodian—someone who blends into the background—and here I show up looking like Luca Brasi,” Tony said with a self-deprecating roll of his eyes, then for clarification for those who didn’t know, he quickly explained, “Don Corelone’s enforcer.”
“That is an American classic and you won’t make me feel guilty, Stark,” Steve tried to say with a straight, if gruff, face, but he must have failed because Tony only laughed at him.
Many of them were benign intrusions on Tony’s everyday life. Cooking in his kitchen, eating in his living room. Reading in his bedroom, writing in his office. But for every photo of Tony simply living his life in the privacy of his home, there were two or three photos of Tony in more compromising, intimate moments. Just looking at them made Steve sick to his stomach, and even Bucky, who had spent less than an hour in Tony’s home, looked queasy, too. It was so very obvious that those pictures had not been taken through any window. They were all taken from inside the house.
“What did she pick?”
“That’s it,” Tony murmured with a broad grin, so pleased with the parking job that he reached across to gently squeeze Steve’s knee. “Darling, I love the way you handle a truck.”
“Dad wasn’t too harsh, was he?”
Ean was laid out over the altar on his back, assisted by his attendants who guided him into ritual position between countless wax candles. His arms were stretched over his head and tied down to the altar with ceremonial hemp rope dyed with the same vibrant red only worn by Brigid’s chosen thirteen. But when one such priestess proceeded to raise and spread Ean’s legs, Torin stayed her hand from tying him down.
“It’s not ‘The Good Stuff’, man, but it’s some gooooood stuff,” Steve sighed happily, and he leaned as far to center as his seatbelt allowed so he could bat his lashes at Tony obnoxiously. Again, Tony smacked him and even shoved him back to his own side of the car, but Steve gleefully noted the tiny hint of a smile hidden beneath Tony’s grumpy exterior.
“Yeah,
“Oh, no,” Steve said with a sympathetic frown. “Muscle?”
He laughed because for the first time since he got to Harvard, Steve felt like he was seen. He was seen as a person and recognized as someone worth reaching out to. How could ever thank her—
, Stromwell had said. If Steve had learned anything in his time at Harvard, it was that his anxiety and insecurities were infinitely worse than the meeting itself.
“Why don’t you take him on a tour of some Brooklyn roach coaches?” Rhodey suggested. “He always complains about Manhattan being a sterile financial district with no character—”
“Clint!” Tony snapped, “you fucking—for fuck’s sake!”
The call connected around the time Steve had started to prepare for the voicemail.
in the fucking textbook? At least that would have been helpful and relevant to Steve’s life.
“Honey, you would either take after your father and be
it happened, Rhodes. What did—”
“Flatworms have
Steve barely had any pride left between his gritted teeth by the time they climbed the four flights to his flat.
Steve leaned in closer and quietly asked, “Are—Tony? What’s wrong?”
“Impressed yet, Sparky?” Tony purred in a whisper.
Tony squeaked in a way that might have been Steve’s name, but Steve couldn’t be sure.
“You think I’m leaving you in an empty apartment with no food or help? I’m offended, Steven,” he muttered, though he looked anything but offended. “Come on, give me a grocery list and I’ll—”
But today was a typical day, a day where Steve had the time to let his pet rest as long as he needed. Tony stretched as he woke, arching long and lean against Steve’s side, his lips curling up in a smile when he felt Steve’s hand gently cupping and squeezing his hardening cock in greeting.
“Now who’s making decisions for whom!” Tony cried with mock outrage, and Steve gave him an unimpressed look. Tony mirrored it back at him, and tugged on Steve’s t-shirt. “Is that why you’re mysteriously overdressed for bed? Show me.”
Steve watched in stunned horror as soldiers manned their stations along the walls and gates of the kingdom. He was on the wrong side of that wall; he was safe in Berlin, while Tony defended their people alone.
“I believe what Steve is trying to tell you, Tony,” Dr. Odinson said then, “is that he does not know how ‘life,’ as you say, ‘works.’ He is here to learn how. But you, Tony, who have not trusted anyone to get to know you in eight years: Are you willing to make that journey with him?”
“So what was the work you were doing?” Steve asked, attempting to move on from all the frustrations of the past hour. “Did you have a chance to finish it?”
“You say that like you didn’t just create a whole new world last week,” Steve teased even as he tried to take stock of what happened while Tony made his way back to the couch. “You’ve done all this work on the case
“What am I supposed to do? He’s engaged,” Steve reminded him as the man dried off his hands and started filing his nails into shape. “She’s got a family heirloom: she wears his grandmother’s six-carat diamond on her bony, unpolished finger.”
“I told them first because it was important to do this right and I didn’t want to mess it up,” Steve explained, quietly but without regret. “I haven’t really done this before, I needed help.”
“Sure, you could,” Tony agreed in an unusually placating tone, the kind of comfort that didn’t fit in with their typical bickering. He threw his trash out and washed his hands before coming back to check on the ice bags around Steve’s knee.
They were nearly ten minutes into overtime when Tony leaned into Steve’s space and whispered, “I’m dying, Steve. I’m going to get a drink. You want anything?”
“He was beheaded outside a building down that street,” Tony told him, keeping his voice low since Steve was already so close. “There’s a guard’s house where the clock face is smudged over the 2 because that’s when Charles was executed.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Stevie, wait a minute,” his ma had said as he told her the most basic details about the case. “Is that the same James Barnes you played with as a kid?”
“Stop talking.”
Schatz = "darling, sweetheart, treasure"
“Ha!” Bucky cheered and gave Tony a smack in the arm. “Then by your own damn definition he was never dead.”
When by luck one day they were both at the heated indoor pool at the same time, Steve made a point to emerge on the same side where Brock and Sharon were toweling off. He lifted himself out of the water with an effortless grace belied by the swelling muscles of his biceps and shoulders. Hot water coursed down over his body, and the sudden contrast to the cool swimming hall air left him perkier even from a distance.
“It’s not impossible. I can do it. I will, for you, and for them. Our kid will be born free in my homeland, Tony I swear it.”
Oh yeah, she looked cool.
Tony sighed. “It shouldn’t be this hard to keep a house.”
Tony’s hands drifted down to unbutton Steve’s shirt, slipping it off his shoulders. The cloth dragged over his shoulders, removing the dirt and sweat of the ride. Steve sighed with pleasure. The tenderness felt nice after such a rough few days.
Stíofán snatched the kid up mid-bounce and held him tightly. “I don’t care what you had to show me, you say sorry for making her chase you.”
“Oh,” Tony said, feeling a little giddy. “Well, maybe we can do that too after my leg gets checked.”
Tony fell back into his seat, glancing around nervously. The people who had clearly been side-eying the outburst looked away and Tony groaned.
“We’re not buying her a mattress, this one’s fine,” Pops said, interjecting smoothly. Then he paused, frowning. “But if you do get bitten, let us know, I’ll get one delivered.”
“I mean, it can’t be that hard right?”
It was a lovely day out, the winter chill brisk but not unpleasant, and the town already bustling as it was far later in the morning than they usually headed out.
He was so caught up in the pleasure that he didn’t notice for a moment what had happened. Antonius abruptly stopped bouncing, body stiffening. His eyes unfocused, and when Stíofán thrust up, still caught in their pattern, Antonius tipped sideways, falling off Stíofán’s dick and onto the floor.
A horrible, salty flavour rolled across his tongue, so strong he couldn’t taste anything else. He picked another piece, hoping it was bad luck, but when the same awful flavour flooded his tongue, he couldn’t deny it any longer.
“Alright wise guy, then I guess we're set. Is your stuff packed?”
And that was nice, really nice. Stíofán let himself thrust against the tight rear a couple of times, grunted as he did. He was getting too worked up, and if he wanted to mount the way he’d planned he needed to move past the warm-up.
He helped put the cat back in the carrier, and walked Bucky to the door to open it so he could get the carrier out. As he waved, he noticed a car waiting on the curb, seeing it was Bucky’s ride when he opened the back door.
Tony had quietened for a moment, deep in thought and Stíofán had felt guilty for his outburst. He hadn’t told Tony about the other part of his deal with Fury. He had the feeling that if Tony knew what happened on his death the doe would complain.
The omega holding onto the alpha’s arm tugged at him. “Charles, come on, let’s say goodnight.”
“Hey Rhodey,”
“Nothing so grand: just lay amongst the dirt waiting for the ambush. Caught myself on a few rocks.” He hissed as Tony pressed on a bruise. “Alright, that one might’ve been a lucky shot by one of the Slug Gang.”
He got closer to the thing, it’s strange yellowy skin looking like jelly. Hell, he called it skin but he didn't know if it had independent thought or if it was just a mass controlled by something else. Not that it mattered. He didn’t need to know that right now. He just needed to keep it in place.
The alpha stood angrily, and for a moment it seemed he would fight it, but then he simply gestured to his men, and they filed out, leaving the bar quiet.
“And then it’s just me in the emergency room having to wait while he--” Tony cut himself off, trying to stop the memory filling his head as it had so often and knowing at the same time that he was being unfair, and Steve didn’t deserve it. “Sorry.”
“This is insufferable,” Tiberius growled. “Not only does Stíofán get his own whore, but I have to see it while I eat this flavourless crap.”
Sam huffed from his other side. “So I hear Alpha Rogers talking. Now can I hear an actual plan from the Sheriff?”
“Ah -” Steve flushed, trying to reach for it, but Tony had already opened it to the first page - and slammed it shut again. Bucky hadn’t known Tony’s face could turn that color.
Steve’s eyes flitted down to watch it, a slight pink tinge to his cheeks. Tony opened his mouth to say something, anything--
His friend Arnie from the old neighbourhood. Mr and Mrs Kowalski who had lived across the hall. Mr Collins who owned the Grocer’s. Father O’Malley from Saint Patrick’s where he and his mother had gone every Sunday. Even just a lot of the singers and stars of the silver screen he’d grown up with.
“These,” he said, grabbing at the silk. “Off, I want to see, please.”
“You got me a calendar?” Tony asked with wide eyes and an even wider grin, pushing the wrapping paper off his lap as he pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “That’s so sweet, babe.”
When he was happy his work was done, he put the jar into the tray and set them down away from them both. He shouted out to Bucky. “Deputy, grab his legs and on my count, pull him free.”
“Uh, what’s that on the ceiling?”
“It’s
“Yeah, maybe. Hey Stíofán, any chance you could let that sweet piece of fleece come by my cell tomo--” He choked, his air suddenly cut off by Stíofán's hand around his throat, his horns digging against the other satyr’s cheek.
He’d been making his way through some design specs when Pepper had come in, looking annoyed. “Tony.”
“Because it was important to
Tony looked at him. “What?”
Tony was moaning, already lost in it as Stíofán reached down to stroke him. The doe gasp at the touch, pushing his hips forward into Stíofán’s hand.
“I haven’t seen you flying much lately,” Steve said, looking away, and Tony raised an eyebrow.
“Absolutely. He can run about the garden or whatever.”
“I don’t know what you mean, sir. Please leave me be.” He desperately wanted that hand off him, but he couldn’t bring himself to move it.
“Well now,” the Sheriff said, looking smug. “Looks like yours is the most popular dish at the table. Supper’s only just started and it’s all gone. Thank goodness I get access to all that fine cooking at home.”
“Really? You’d let me stay?”
At one point, however, Tony realised that the pup’s skin seemed to be getting darker. He frowned, pulling back the collar of his nightgown to reveal...a rash.
“See that you do. It could be good for you.”
“I couldn’t get under the cart,” Tony defended. “The boning is too rigid.”
The Sheriff peeked around the doorway. “Are you alright?”
Tony groaned because he understood that, loved that feeling of being Steve’s. And he knew how much he wanted that recognition in return.
So far, Tony the only time it happened were drunken “Love you”s at parties from people, and his hopes were almost immediately dashed when their words didn’t match.
“Then maybe just tell him that. You think it was easy having those conversations with Natasha when she told me that she'd never be able to have one? And I was fine with it, because I loved her and I figured, there are plenty of orphans out there who need a family if we decided we wanted to be more than just a family of two. But it took a long time for her to believe me and not feel like she'd be taking away a future I might have wanted.” He shrugged. “Talking’s important.”
“Yes of course. It’s not official yet, i didn’t mean to assume. Anyway I shall send someone to the village for him. Let me--”
“Sure,” Tony said, looking into his mug. “Lot of confidentiality needed for art commissions, huh?”
It would not do, then, to show how it affected him, lest he ruin the enjoyment of the act for his alpha or make him think his new omega had passions beyond pleasing him or starting a family. Better to keep quiet. He buried his face in his alpha’s neck to hide away.
Oh god.
He was. Usually. This entire incident had revealed that he was losing the tight grip he held on his emotions. He needed to meditate more.
“Baaa-AAAAAAAAA,” Tony shouted, spilling between them and Stíofán grunted in triumph, pushing in fast and deep until he came inside,
First, lots of people didn’t like to do it. It was soulmate or nothing, and the idea of putting in the effort when you might meet your perfect match at any time was unappealing. Most dating services focused on it, setting up speed dating events. Thirty seconds was usually all that was needed.
Tony swallowed back the lump in his throat. “I found out he was dealing weapons under the table. Obie, I mean. He was selling to some bad people, and I had to actually face what our weapons were doing for the first time. I saw who they were really hurting. Civilians,
Tony pushed back the tinge of sadness that thought held. No, he was lucky. And having his family visit would be more than enough. He added it to his mental list to broach sometime in the future.
“Is this underwear with my face on them?”
Tony was staring at him with something in his eyes Stíofán couldn’t identify. Then he punched Stíofán in the arm.
Tony smiled at him. “You’re welcome.” He grabbed the last bowl from the tray. “Livia in the kitchen said I could eat mine with you.”
Tony grinned and wiggled his fingers. “It’s magic.”
“Yes, yes, and now you’re a devoted father of two married to the love of your life, I know, I was there at the wedding and in the waiting room, and you’re so full of love you might burst.”
“It is not my fault it was so funny,” Ana replied. Edwin sighed, but got up to gather their plates.
And so he made plans to tell Steve.
“If you’re heading on to Los Angeles, I would highly recommend both the Yosemite National Park - very scenic and peaceful - and since you’re in the area, there’s a lovely town nearby called Cedar Grove. Very picturesque.” He raised an eyebrow. “And a nice place to take a break.”
And it’s not like her dad hadn’t helpfully left out tons of brochures pointing out how great MIT or Harvard were, but she’d known where she’d wanted to go. And once J.J had gotten into Stanford, it was all a done deal.
Tony stoked the fire, took a seat by the stove, and waited. Eventually, six feet of muscle shuffled awkwardly in the door, eyes looking around the room until they landed on Tony.
Steve cleared his throat. “So um, can I convince you to come eat lunch with me, or do I have to start digging through my pockets for some cash?”
Steve grinned, though his cheeks were still red. “I should let you get back to work. But thanks. I appreciate the opportunity to work here.”
“He’ll be an outside dog, and he’ll need training, but hopefully he’ll be useful and keep the rats out of the barn.”
“Well now, I think I was a lot more focused on the
Tony was reading a news report on his tablet - the Avengers had apparently stopped an alien invasion, though Captain America had taken a tumble from the craft by the looks of the video - when he heard the sound of the penthouse elevator pinging open. Tony looked up and his jaw dropped.
He was numb. How could he have been so foolish to think that he’d have the support of his alpha? All that sweetness was a facade. He was still just chattel like he had been back East.
Tony bit his lip. “It’s not that they wouldn’t have. It’s just...it would’ve been a failure, you know? Witches are meant to be able to do this on their own, and if I’d screwed up on the first day it would’ve been embarrassing. I think my mom would’ve been ok with it, but my dad? He runs one of the most prominent magic suppliers in the community. If everyone found out I needed help, he would’ve been really disappointed.”
She rolled her eyes but grabbed her toilet bag and opened the door. “I’d ask if you were raised by wolves but that would be the worst kind of self-burn.”
“You didn’t.” Carol said, with a grin. “We were just finishing up.” She grabbed her hat from the desk and gave Tony a kiss on the cheek on the way past. “See you tomorrow for target practice.”
It was one thing to pretend since it wasn’t his fault they never asked.
“Right. Right, yeah I can-- oh god, no I can’t do this.”
The thing about living in New York was that even a walk to get lunch could turn exceedingly dramatic. And potentially fatal.
Eventually, the creak of the door announced Steve’s arrival, and it took everything in him not to squirm in anticipation. The alpha stripped down to his long johns and climbed into bed. Steve rolled to his side, like he did every night, and his arm came over to hold Tony against him, just like every night, except this time-
That made Steve feel a little guilty. This alpha was obviously old money, and no doubt he had a lot of it to give.
“Let’s see if you can get these buns toasted,” Sam said with a snort, and Tony laughed as he rolled up his sleeves to get to work. Finally, he could be of use.
Stíofán smirked. “Baaaaa-ad? Should I stop?”
Steve felt like he might cry. He hadn’t told anyone he was coming out here. It was freezing, and wet, and he couldn’t walk, and his heart was even sicker than it had been before.
Maria raised a brow. Only one thing this could be.
Sam snorted. “Oh right.” He slid the buns into the oven and closed it, putting the oven mitts to the side.
It didn’t matter anyway. Tony thought he was an alpha; everyone did. And Steve didn’t bother to correct them. As he looked now, he was given respect and he was listened to. Listened to in a way he hadn’t when he’d been small and everyone had just assumed he’d present as an omega. He had, but not the way he’d expected, coming into it the moment the serum hit his veins. Only Howard had known his real presentation, explaining he’d just been a late bloomer and the serum had jump-started the process, and once he’d woken up, Coulson and Fury too. The argument for hiding his presentation had been the same: no one would take an omega like him seriously. Times had changed, but being an omega still wasn’t a walk in the park. In fact, it was dangerous
“I should’ve been here.”
“So does this mean you let me fall on my ass on purpose when we met?” Tony asked in a low murmur as he waved to the cameras.
“Hodge!” a low commanding voice barked, and the alpha jumped in surprise. Tony peeked around to see another alpha approaching them, his face like thunder. “I know I didn’t just hear you harassing an omega like that in my town.”
Steve relaxed beneath his hands and nodded, his features hard to see in the dark. “Ok, yeah. You got it. Fun.”
They’d been at an Avengers Fundraiser, one of the few times Steve didn’t mind playing a dancing monkey if he was honest. At least the money was going to something useful.
“Shit, Cap you ok in there?”
from the bedside. “Now, where were we? Ah, yes, ‘
“Thank you.”
And so Stíofán found himself telling Antonius the whole story. How he’d left his Ma to take goods to trade to Londinium with his best friend Bucky. How Bucky had gone back to the room they’d rented but Stíofán had stayed hoping to win another
“This century has done you dirty.” Bucky shook his head, patting Steve on the back as he passed him on his way out the door. “Come on. I’m sure Tony has some high-end equipment around here somewhere.”
“Enough!” They all turned to Steve who was sitting up on the bed, his chest heaving with exhaustion. “It’s fine, Nat, it was a misunderstanding.”
Tony winced. “Ummm, hey sugar are you rationed?”
Tony sighed, burrowing into the warmth, and Stíofán pulled the blanket over them. Eventually, he fell asleep to Tony’s soft breathing, hoping he’d be better tomorrow.
Tony stumbled back to Pepper, letting her pull him down to rest on her lap as his head began to ache all over. At least his people were safe.
Tony nuzzled his chest. “Hey, hey, don’t make that face, it’ll be ok.”
He heard footsteps moving around the other side. “I got him.”
No alpha had slept here, or if he had, he’d snuck off early.
“You want to explore the seas like Captain Nero?”
Stíofán hummed. “Have you been good enough for a story? Behaved all day?”
“Ask before I pat one, so they don’t get scared,” Peter recited, nearly bouncing in his seat. “I want to see a big one and a little one, and a big one…”
“Wow,” Tony managed as he stared out over it. This was what had excited him when he’d arrived, the sparkling blue and the crisp breezes. He let his eyes fall closed and baked in it, for just a moment.
“We got Taylor Swift!!!” Pepper burst out and Tony’s jaw dropped.
But people knowing would change things. He’d go from trustworthy Captain America to omega Steve Rogers, too unbalanced, too hormonal to lead. No one would follow him. So, letting people believe what they wanted to believe, their own biases working in his favor, didn’t seem like such a big deal.
Things were moving a little towards heated, when there was a knock at the door.
The Deputy grinned. “She’ll be thrilled to meet you. I know she misses-- oh hell, what did you do, fall into a mud puddle?”
“I’ll be careful,” Tony told him. “But if you’re going to do this for us, I’ll do my part too.”
“It’s no problem. Alpine is helping me gather data, a new leg is the least I can do.” He gave the cat a scratch under the chin and she purred appreciatively.
He let himself be led, feeling a spike of worry as he didn’t recognise the tune, but then he heard the beat, counted the steps and realised it was nothing more than a simple two-step. He picked up the movements quickly, and it wasn’t long till he was completely in time.
. Warm like caramel, and twinkling behind the frames of a pair of glasses that just seemed to highlight his quick wit.
Tony snorted. “I was mad. But I know sometimes you have to go round up criminals. I just needed to cool off.” His mouth twitched. “‘Sides, I overheard Natasha telling Betty that Mr Bullski is leaving town, and the General Store is going to be under new management. Wonder how that came about.”
Stíofán looked up at the centaur, stood in his box high above the arena.
“Five. He’s just started elementary school.”
Steve stared down at his shield, his heart in his throat.
Tony shook his head. Well, that wouldn’t do. Stíofán scooped some of the figs with his spoon, dropping it into Tony’s own bowl. “Have some.”
Tony gasped. “That good sweetheart?” Stíofán asked and the doe nodded.
He’d learned that attention paid to the doe’s own cock made him cry out with the most gorgeous sounds, bleats and whimpers, and with enough effort was sure to make him spill and go limp. Stíofán loved how he looked after, as though Stíofán had worn him out.
Steve found his arms full of omega, and he caught Tony easily, taking his weight. He swung him around in relief. “Tony! Thank god!”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “And that’s it?”
Bucky baa’d a laugh at that and Tony’s frown deepened.
He saw the Doctor to the atrium before returning upstairs, a hesitant knock against the door.
“We should sleep. You have training and I have to find time to create.”
“Hank just sent over a bunch of mission reports and requests that need my approval,” She said, tucking her phone back into the pocket of her hoodie.
He gave a confused look to Steve, who simply raised his eyebrows expectantly in return. “Where to?”
Laura shrugged, “You’re the one who said, hey can you toss me those pliers,”
Bucky was about to retaliate with a knock to the head but was quickly soothed by Sam, who pulled closer into his side.
Laura looked at Tony, waiting for him to respond, but he was too infused with his task to talk. The clone sighed, setting her tools on the small tray that was by her feet and stood, knees cracking painfully from how long she’d been kneeling. “Well, the short version is Stark’s armor needed repairs,”
That seemed to awaken Tony from his engineer’s trance. He gasped and set down his tools with a loud pang. He swiveled around on the metal stool and approached Laura.
They stayed until it got dark: Tony resting on Steve, while Steve watched over Peter. The pup moved a little from time to time, but he mostly slept, the red creeping up into his cheeks.
But Steve had disappeared out the front of the bakery, and out of sight.
She picked up her burger and started to eat. She loved Sam’s burgers, they were her favourite. She hoped they had burgers as good as these on the West Coast.
“No,” Steve breathed, and it was so clearly a lie that Tony had to test it. He let his fingers dance lightly over Steve’s ribs, satisfied when he yelped.
Tony waved a dismissive hand. “He’s a historical figure from eighteenth-century Earth, known for his romantic pursuits.”
He wandered inside, more for the sake of something to do than any need for a souvenir. As he pushed open the door, a little novelty bell gave a hearty jingle.
“Well let’s not get too carried away,” Tony grouched but underneath it, he sounded pleased. “I would’ve thought you’d want a break from the crying and being woken up at all hours.”
Tony snorted. “It was bland.”
“Stíofán.” He placed a hand behind Antonius’ back and helped him to his hooves. “Are you sure you’re alright?”
wanted that, that certainty that he was doing the right thing and not spinning out of control like-
“I like pasta,” Tony said, sounding a little calmer. “Nice and easy.”
“I know,” Tony agreed. He turned back to Laura and Clint who were standing on the porch. “Thanks for the tea. I’ll make a note of the date, and I can strengthen the spell again in a few months.”
“Alright, I’ll be here bright and early tomorrow, we’ll get the frame up,” Stíofán called. He wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulders. “Come on, let’s have an early dinner. Ma, Rhodey, you’ll join us?”
and toss it aside, but I’m sure it’s just the done thing back East.”
He could feel his heart pounding in his chest with dread. Steve was going to wake up and be absolutely horrified.
“If you’re a witch, does that mean you can fly?” Steve asked, clearly not noticing Tony’s growing ire. “I heard witches can fly.”
Tony cocked his gun. “Not a chance.”
Tony’s eyebrows shot up. “You’d be away less?”
Tony’s head snapped around to see two omegas struggling a few blocks down. There were two Alphas pawing at them, and Tony realised with a sickening feeling that one of them was Hodge. He turned back to say something to Steve, but he realised the Sheriff was already running, halfway down the main street.
“Nice to meet you.” Steve looked over to where Dodger had opted to hold onto the ball, a squeaking noise emitting from it every few seconds as Peter chased after him, giggles filling the air. “So I can’t help but notice you guys haven’t brought a dog to the dog park. You know that’s a kid, not a puppy right?”
“Still all alone?” The alpha purred, his scent almost predatory. “Shame to leave a pretty little thing like you here. How’s about I walk you into town? I’ll show you a good time.”
Tony flushed. “I think you know it was.” He crossed his arms. “I can’t believe you set me up!”
She loved her Papa so much.
“Well,” Doctor Banner said, pressing carefully against his stomach. “It can happen for a number of reasons. Most of the time it’s nothing, but it’s always a good idea to check.”
“Are you ready?”
He opened his mouth to call out for Steve before remembering. Steve wasn’t here. He was on patrol. And Tony had no idea when he’d be back.
“What’s-” the alpha started but Tony didn’t give him the chance to finish.
“You noticed that?”
Tony felt a spike of jealousy at that -
Tony enjoyed them, confiding to Stíofán that he had never seen much outside his parents’ house or the Stables. Kept locked away to ensure he’d be primed for marriage. It made Stíofán sad. He may be locked up now, but he’d been free, and when he had, he’d been happy.
he mouthed back.
“No!” Steve yelped, pulling the covers up to cover him. “That’s not necessary.”
Stíofán let him slide down until he was at the perfect height to kiss and Tony moaned into it for a moment before he slapped a hand on Stíofán’ shoulder. “Hey! None of that!”
“So what did you bring him?” The deputy asked, leaning back in his chair. “Smells good.”
Steve felt a growl coming but forced it down. It was difficult, because if he weren’t sheriff he’d show this man what happened when someone threatened his family. But as it was, he held a position of trust in the community, and he had to be seen to be fair even when it involved his own brood.
“Here, Sheriff,” Carol said, handing him a wet cloth. “Sounded like a doozy.”
“Exactly,” Rhodey agreed, refusing to rise to the bait. “And if I knew I had to wait another ten, twenty, thirty years for Pepper and the girls, I’d wait happily.”
He stuck his nose in the air and grabbed two of the empty trays and slipped out into the kitchen. He could hear the low murmur of Rhodey talking to Steve as he left but he ignored it. Good riddance.
“You got it,” Sam said. As Steve and Sam tied their hands, Tony made his way over to the two omegas. One was looking a little shaken, the other mad enough to spit.
Peter thought for a second. “It used to be a husky, ‘cause they’re so fluffy and they can pull you around like in Balto, but now Dodger is my favourite.”
get hurt and pay attention to those bots. They seem to be swarming.”
“Gods you are incorrigible,” Tony said, slapping his pec with a laugh. “But joking aside, yes I would like my next carrying to be easier. Less fear, less stress. More lying here like this with you while you rub my back. We’ve earned it, my love.”
And when they went to bed that evening, Steve got to wrap his arm around him like always, enjoying the warmth of him in his arms. It was more than enough.
She offered the envelope to him with a false smile and a tilt of her head. Steve knew if she wanted, Fury would be dead in seconds.
Bucky seemed to crumble in on himself, his voice soft and barely audible through the wood, “I know that. But fuck Nat, this is so messed up.”
Tony had been a complete idiot, he’d let Steve in, and Steve had repaid it by using it against him. He should have seen it coming, whether this was Steve’s failed attempt to protect him or not. Steve was an idiot and Tony was an even bigger one. Tony wasn’t so sure what Steve’s motivates were anymore, at first, he thought he understood what was happening. Steve had his own plan and he was trying to push Tony away to protect him but then he’d said that stuff about not really caring and survival and now Tony was questioning whether their whole relationship meant something different to Steve than it did to him.
Ross seemed mildly irritated, Tony could see his right eye twitch as he crossed his arms over his chest and paced the small space. It wasn’t lost on Tony that he put himself in between him and the door.
“I’m a mechanic who happens to own a company, and I’m completely yours. Partners. Equals. Always.” Tony echoed back, a smile on his face, “Yes, I’ll move in with you, Steve.”
Steve took the glove from his hand, lighting the end of it with Bucky’s lighter. It set alight easily and Steve throw it in the door they had just come out of. He handed the lighter back to Bucky with a nod of thanks, letting Natasha and Bucky head back the way they’d came. Thor disappeared as well; Steve assumed he was going to start the car.
T’challa’s voice grew firm then, “It does. If you weren’t standing in the way of Hydra then Brooklyn would be overrun by now. I’ll take The Captain over Hydra every day of the week.”
“We shouldn’t do this. It’s a really bad idea.”
Steve paused for a moment wondering how to handle this next bit, “Bombs. You want to know more? I’m going to need a little more communication with you and a little less of the pissing contest. We get it, Ross, you’ve got a big stick. Mine’s bigger and right now, you need my help.”
He jogged up the path when he spotted Fury already there, looking out to the sea from the dock with a grim expression. Steve felt the dread curl in his stomach, when he had received Fury’s message about meeting, he knew it couldn’t have been good but the look on Fury’s face just confirmed his suspicions.
He started the shower, letting the water heat up before ditching his clothes and stepping under the spray. It helped, the warmth spreading across his body as he shoved his hair under the stream. He was feeling progressively more human than before and Tony decided that showers might just be the best things ever invented in that moment.
Steve could feel his own erection pressing into the mattress but ignored it in favour of swirling his tongue around the tip of Tony’s. He was salty as Steve moved his tongue against the head, his body jerking at the new sensation.
“You really hate not knowing, don’t you?” Rumlow mused, “Their boss plays on my team.”
“You don’t think…”
Rumlow wanted it to be hand to hand and so it would be.
“You know when I first recruited them, I thought this was it, my chance to build something better than Phillips did. Something the army couldn’t give me. A real home.” Steve sighed, “I didn’t really plan on The Captain making this much noise.”
“Rumlow came after me anyway, Steve. And it had nothing to do with you. Now, Howard working for him? I can’t sit back and let Rumlow build bombs, Steve. We need to find a way to end this. To bring him down. So, I’m already in this, whether you want to keep me out or not. It’s not your call anymore.”
Thor nodded, “Round the clock for both the cop and the boy. I told the men to stay at a distance, the last thing we need is Rhodes arresting his own protection detail.”
“Do you really think you can risk it?”
“Steve, if you do that then it really is over. There is no chance at another way out, you’d be signing your own arrest warrant. Why would you give up everything to save your team and not yourself?”
Squeezing his fingers slightly, he felt the heat in his palm spread, the device in his hand humming before a jet of pure unfiltered energy came from the arc reactor and hit the wall. Tony ducked, the force of the impact drawing him to his knees and he clenched his fingers. The wall in front of him was smoking, the smell of burning dust clinging to the area. In the wall where the arc reactor hit was a huge crater, a large chuck of cement and stone missing out of the wall and a black charred out edge was all that was left.
“Great! Let me go grab my purse and we can go.” With that she headed down the hall, slipping into a room four doors down.
“Oh! Well, if you’re sure, I’ll go check on dinner. You’ll stay won’t you?”
Steve huffed, frustrated. “Small, thin, pretty. Traditional. They aren’t bench-pressing buses.”
Tony’s jaw dropped and Steve went bright red as he flailed for napkins. “I meant to say sorry, oh my god.”
“Never say that again: that title is so dumb. I can’t believe that became a thing. Who told the Mayor it was a good idea?” Tony suspected it was Rhodey, though he didn’t have the proof - yet - and? Sam’s casual whistle didn’t help.
“I told you,” Natasha said with a raised eyebrow. “The plant on my window sill. That’s the important one.”
Then Tony got to watch a super hot guy impress his kid by getting Dodger to sit, roll over, shake hands and do a spin. This was not what he’d expected when he’d planned this outing.
“Hey little goose,” Steve said, pressing a kiss to the still-warm skin. “You feeling better?”
“The oven just died. I can’t get it going.”
Tony stayed where he was, pulling the blankets up to cover himself, heart pounding as Steve pulled on his breeches and went to answer the door.
It was silent for a moment, then Tony spoke again. “So you didn’t re-up then?”
“Please Steve,” his breathing was coming a little fast, and he kissed him, rough and desperate. “Please.”
Tony kept walking not wanting to be seen. He didn’t need that rubbed in his face by some Wall Street-hopeful jackass.
“Yep,” the spy said, pout deepening, “We made them two weeks in advance to avoid our schedules from overlapping,”
So far, movie night seemed to be a success. Sure, it got off to a rocky start, but everything had pretty much settled now. Steve, Tony, and Peter were snuggled up the couch, Peter already fast asleep and drooling on Cap’s shoulder. Bucky was sat on the floor between Sam’s legs. Vision and Wanda were cuddled close in one of the plush armchairs. Thor and Bruce had left halfway through the movie, apparently, they needed to take care of something. Clint and Rhodey were sat on the other loveseat, very much enjoying the movie. That only left Natasha and Laura.
The soldier smiled at his son’s attempts to cheer him up, “Thanks Pete,”
“Hey guys,” Steve said, grabbing Laura’s attention first. Her enhanced hearing made it almost impossible to ignore people, “What’re you guys doing?”
“You guys in?” Steve asked, blue eyes shining with excitement.
“They’re horrible aren’t they,” The billionaire said, although it had no heat. “A temptress, that’s what I’m dating,” Laura said through a tired smile. Natasha let a light laugh, hugging the clone further into her side. “Hey, you’re lucky. I married him,” Tony joked.
Natasha was taken aback. Her tone was so unexpectedly genuine, that it crushed the woman’s heart. Sometimes her girlfriend, the clone trained to be an assassin from birth, could be so damn precious.
“We’d think it be fun,” added Natasha, smiling at Laura. Her girlfriend reciprocated the smile, but her eyes showed obvious dislike for the idea. Natasha knew Laura hated watching movies, the volume was always too loud for her sensitive ears, even with headphones. But, there were other things you could during movies, especially if you sat in the very back.
Natasha nodded, excitement dampened. Steve looked at Tony, eyes hopeful.
Laura gave Natasha a quick peck on the cheek, saying that she’d try her best to hurry so they can spend some time together tonight, before disappearing off into another part of the tower. Most likely their bedroom, seeing as that was where her laptop was. Tony smiled at the supersoldier, brown eyes showing that he was sorry. With a swift kiss, Tony turned back to his work, body returning to its hunched position.
Steve gave an amused grin, already pulling Tony from his seat, “Natasha is retrieving her as we speak,”
As soon as they walked in, they were biting back adoring smiles. Kneeled next to the Iron Man suit was Laura, focused intently on something in the calf of the armor. Her dark eyes narrowed, and her tongue was bitten, reflexively, between her teeth. A Toronto Maple Leaf’s hoodie draped over her like a cloak, ending just above her knee. Tony sat at one of the metal workbenches, hunched over Wolverine’s suit, working vigorously, all the while muttering something along the lines of, how is this even supposed to protect you, it’s fucking spandex. Both of there hands were oil-stained, along with there faces and clothes for that matter.
They were sat in the very back, both for Laura’s sensitive hearing and privacy. PDA, while it wasn’t forbidden in the tower, was not Laura’s favorite thing. She preferred privacy, so that should comfortably express herself around Natasha, without worrying about peeping eyes. So, with everyone’s backs facing them, focused on the movie ahead, Laura deposited herself on top of her girlfriend, who was comfortably laid out on the chaise lounge.
The two walked down the hallway, excitement coursing through them. Natasha gave a small knock on the lab’s door before entering. It was always a good idea to give the two a little warning, as Tony tended to startle if you pulled him away from his work immediately, and Laura, she was an ex-assassin. So announcing your presents was a necessity if you didn’t want a claw to the head.
“You will,” Natasha corrected, reciprocating immediately.
Laura sighed, head resting against her partner’s shoulder, “I’m sorry,”
“Come with me,” The blonde commanded, swiveling the man around on his stool, prying his eyes away from his current task.
Natasha couldn’t believe it. How could Laura think she deserved better? Laura was better. Nat loved her more than anything and would do her best to give the girl anything her heart desired.
Natasha and Steve looked at each other, understanding passing between them, wordlessly. Without speaking they dashed, in unison, to their partner’s work stations; Tony’s being the lab, of course, and Laura’s being her and Natasha’s bedroom.
“Natty,” Laura whispered into her ear, hand settling just above the redhead’s hip. Natasha chuckled, just soft enough for it to go unnoticed over the volume of the television, “Hey Laura,”
“What can you do?” Clint quipped, snatching the remote from Bucky, who was about to pick some movie from the ’60s for them to watch.
Steve planted a firm hand on the seat and forced Tony to face him. His eyes were serious and his expression was no longer to the gentle soldier from Brooklyn. Now he was Captain America, “No,”
Peter gave a reassuring smile, “It’s okay Pops. It can just be us for tonight,”
“It’s fine,” Nat reassured, rubbing a hand soothingly down her back as best she could from where it was trapped beneath her toned mass.
That question seemed to grab everyone’s attention, everyone’s eyes now on the two of them. Steve looked down, kicking his foot uncomfortably.
They began down the hallway before Tony stopped them, “Laura aren’t you forgetting something?”
Laura moved to kiss, Natasha, only to be stopped once again by a gentle tug on her hair that, if she was being honest, was having more of an effect on her than she’d care to admit.
“Babe, I-” Tony gestured to the pile of parts on the table. He was going to argue that he had to do this, that it was important, and it couldn’t wait. But, Steve had cut him, taking those oil-stained hands in his calloused ones, “Please,”
Everyone appeared to be happy and healthy, and thoroughly enjoying movie night and the whole the togetherness of it. That was until Natasha felt a familiar hand creeping up her thigh.
“But,” Nat said, lips moving against Lauras’ as she did, “I do think you need to make more time for your personal life; that including me of course,”
From the outside, it may seem like Laura and Tony disliked each other. They were always bickering and were very stingy with physical contact. But, that was just how their friendship was. Sure, they quarrel like children. But, the insults that passed between them held no true teeth. Laura, whether she would ever admit it or not, would always see Tony as a father. And Tony, although he tried to hide it, would always see Laura as a daughter.
“I have never had such a thing to wear. Is this a ‘sweater’?”
On one hand, Steve figured that was less scary and marginally reasonable, if you squinted. “You’re a disaster,” he muttered back at Tony instead, trying not to smile about it.
On one unassuming Thursday night in December there was a standard FedEx envelope in the mail addressed to Tony. The envelope looked like it had travelled the country - to Los Angeles, to Malibu, to Manhattan, to the rental on Seaport Blvd., until finally it found him at his new condo in Cambridge.
party of the—”
Tony was waiting for him when the chopper finally landed outside of Lumine. His flight suit was still recognizable, covered in soot and mud as it was, and Steve flew to him of his own volition the second his feet touched solid ground. In an unusual public display of affection, Steve hauled his husband into his arms. The King was already a large man, but in his husband’s presence he seemed to grow larger than life, enveloping Tony in his arms and hiding him against his heart where he would be safe from all the dangers of the world, one hand gripping the back of Tony’s grimy uniform while he cradled the back of Tony’s head with the other.
Hours later in a warm bath and absolute silence, Tony stared at Detective Rogers’ business card. It could have been minutes or hours before Tony accepted that he would have to make the call if he wanted answers to the questions haunting him.
“Don’t tell me it reminds you of Batman.”
Steve and Bucky crawled out of the sewer drains gasping for breath and mostly alive. They dragged themselves up onto solid ground, scraping clusters of debris and filth off their faces while trying to catch their breath without breathing in too deeply.
“And there’s one more person who wanted to thank you,” Victoria said as David whispered something in their shy daughter’s ear that made her eyes sparkle with laughter. “Go on, darling.”
“I don’t know who the hell this ‘Barnes’ is, I’ve never heard of him in my life,” Steve was glowering into the phone. “This isn’t an entry level position. Who are his references? Damnit, Carter, how difficult is this? When I said clear out the inexperienced applicants, I meant it. I’m not going to waste my time with novice no-names—shit, I’m here,” he interrupted his own tirade. “I have to go. I don’t trust Hill, she hired Sitwell; vet the applicants yourself, and whomever you think is worth my time, schedule him or her at my place at 11:30am tomorrow morning.”
“Then what? Ya no me quieres?” he demanded, looking down at himself in anger. “This is only what seventeen pounds of muscle looks like, Steve; are you going to dump me before we even get to thirty?”
“Mom, it’s just a small cut,” Steve repeated into the phone
They stood together for a while, swaying comfortably in silence. Steve nuzzled into Tony’s hair and breathed him in, slow and steady, while listening to the proverbial wheels spinning in Tony’s head.
“No, sugar, I’ve been looking forward to this all day,” Tony said with as much conviction as he could muster. “I’ve been looking forward to
“Maybe? I don’t think he’s that manipulative, though,” Steve admitted, which caught his mother’s attention.
Tony’s stomach dropped and he cringed with his whole body. If only the world would open up and swallow him whole so he wouldn’t have to continue the world’s most embarrassing conversation with the world’s most handsome man!
Where she was talking to the man from the bathroom.
“I can watch them, you know,” Tony replied just as quietly. “Your salad’s getting cold.”
It just happened that Tony was a genius. Whether he was an FDA Certified Grassfed Genius with a current Mensa membership card glued to the back of his license was beyond Steve, but he knew that Tony’s ‘most educated guess’ was better than what the average person hoped to achieve in a lifetime. And now, in less than 48 hours, he was back to break Steve’s heart by reminding him of whose affection he’d lost and why Steve admired him as deeply as he did.
Later that day, Tony helps the nurses bring survivors their supper.
Mere minutes later, Steve and Bucky were sweating into their multiple layers of denim and flannel and leather. They were gulping down cold pints of beer and devouring half a plate of nachos between them in an effort to look like they’d been there half an hour already. Except Tony didn’t show up right on their heels as they’d expected.
“Greetings and salutations, I am Associate Bob Sitwell,” the Governor’s assistant introduced himself with a low bow. “We met earlier, but I was groveling in fear the time. You have had a remarkable day in New Yorseylvania, Captain Steven Rogers. Chasing a real criminal!”
It was a perfect way to separate himself from Tony once and for all without hurting Tony any further. They could both move on with their lives. Maybe Steve would finally try Grindr.
Steve wanted to say no. He knew better than to expose himself to worse.
“Yes, Steve, you could have.” Bucky bit back, “You didn’t because you knew we’d help you. You knew we’d do anything for you, to protect this family.”
“Fuck, Tony.” He panted into Tony’s back as he came inside him. Tony sighed happily, slumping down a little as his legs wobbled. Steve caught him, holding him firmly to his chest as he came down from his high.
Tony tried not to smile at that, he tried to ignore the way his heart sped up and his mouth went dry. Steve’s hand moved from the bed, reach up towards Tony’s shoulder and over to the cluster of circles on his shoulder blade. He tried not to flinch as Steve’s large fingers felt the bumps and ridges of the scars marking his skin.
Then the alarm sounded.
It was time.
His captor smirked, “Oh I don’t think so. I know exactly who you are, Mr Stark.”
What had he done?
His left hand moved from Tony’s hip, wrapping around Tony’s own neglected cock which was wet with precome and his own cum from his first orgasm.
Steve held the phone tighter, trying to rein in his frustration, “No one even needs to know it was you. You have pull with the head of the NYPD, I know you go to weekly garden parties together or whatever. They have Clint in custody for murder. Not one of mine, you know I’m not that sloppy.”
Fury slapped down another photo, this one a close up shot of the mark carved into his body. Clint paled at the familiar ‘A’ embedded into this man with blood.
“Mr Stark.” Peter called again. Steve smiled at him, warm and friendly. It didn’t help put Peter at ease.
“I know baby, I know.” She replied.
Tony flashed a glance at Steve’s palm before darting his eyes back to Ross’ body, “I had to do it. I had to.” He muttered.
“Steve? What the hell is going on here?”
“I’d never do anything to hurt you.” Steve told him softly, meaning every word and he was taken back by the weight they carried in the small space between them.
Natasha, Bucky and Thor had managed to pick their way across the clearing from the vantage point where Steve had left them. They looked uninjured and Natasha had snowflakes melting into her red hair.
He watched as Tony shrugged out of his jacket, placing it gently over the back of the sofa before grabbing his hand and leading him over to the bedroom.
“I want you.” Tony replied, “Not because you’re the perfect guy. Not because you’re an upstanding citizen or the ‘smart’ choice. You see me, Steve. Really see me, in a way not even Rhodey does. The way you make me feel, I can’t even… I’m sure, okay. The sex is a point in your favour too.”
Tony sucked two of his fingers into his mouth, tongue against them as he sucked like he would on Steve’s cock. Steve felt his own breath stutter.
Then the stalemate broke and a shot rang out. Steve acted quickly, shoving both him and Tony back around the corner for cover as the bullet embedded into the wall where Steve’s head had been. They were trapped like rats in a barrel and Steve didn’t have a weapon. What he wouldn’t give for one of Nat’s knives right now.
Then there was that sinful look Tony threw him over his shoulder, bedroom eyes if Steve had ever seen them. He followed Tony blindly, something he’d never normally do, as Tony led him through the open plan space of his condo to the back corner where Steve saw a bed.
“Thanks for doing the autopsy.”
“Well, too bad because I don’t share.” Tony responded, rolling his hips into Steve to relish in the way his hands tighten on Tony’s hips, “Do you have a plan for this?”
Thor sighed, “Darkness. A frayed part of our souls that refused to let go. It’s a kind of desperation that drives darkness like that. A need to protect, to avenge the people you care about no matter what the cost.”
“That I know who he is. That the King of Brooklyn is coming for him and anyone who dared touch you.” Steve replied, voice firm and strong.
The defeat in his eyes must have given him away because Natasha closed the gap between them with a soft smile, “You aren’t going to leave this one to Fury, are you?”
She shook her head, “We’ll be without you.”
“We’re cops, we can’t cover it up!” Rhodey protested.
“I’m telling you; I don’t know anything about this. We’re too busy with the other gangs to worry about the cops.” Clint replied. It was the truth; Steve had never called out a hit on a cop. They normally didn’t have the balls to hit the gang war in Brooklyn and Steve never went after someone who didn’t come after them first. It was just polite business.
"If Fury comes back with a deal for you as well then you can make a case for us signing them but until then there’s not a chance we are leaving you to rot." Natasha told him.
“I’ll let you keep the other one.” Steve told him, removing his arm from Pierce’s mouth and wiping the blood from his knife onto Pierce’s suit, “You better hope you can crawl better than you can threaten because otherwise you’re going to bleed out here in the snow like a pathetic shit.”
“It is a big deal, Steve.” Bucky insisted, “You don’t stay over. Ever. That’s your rule. You don’t like letting your guard down with strangers.”
“He was a pretty shit father all round, I’m afraid. He paid up eventually, because the press would have made him look like a monster if he didn’t. Mostly I was fine, if they hurt me, they didn’t get their money so it was a few days spent in a basement.” Tony said, trying to play the whole thing off but Steve could see the distant look in his eyes and the awkward set of his shoulders.
“Faster.” Tony panted, “Fuck, please.”
“Steve…” He panted, hips moving of there own accord when Steve pulled his fingers back, automatically seeking the pleasure having them inside him provided.
“Ross was Hydra.” Rhodey explained.
“Not back yet, he said something about a redhead.” Natasha shrugged, “Said not to wait up.”
“You shouldn’t believe everything you read about me.” Steve replied, “You’ll be disappointed.”
Steve snapped the neck of the guy in front of him in a second, barely enough time for him to blink. Hydra was on edge about something and Steve couldn't help the small part of his mind that screamed 'Tony'.
Tony admired that. As awful as it was. He admired Steve, despite the killings and the gangs and the bloodshed. He admired a man who couldn’t back away from a fight because if he did then he wasn’t going to survive it. Tony had done the exact same thing, just without using his fists. He fought against Howard every chance he got, he left and took his genius with him, he built his own life and his own work and everyday he continue to do it was another day he was winning the fight he had been locked in with his father for the past few decades.
Steve sat up, shifting so he could rest his chin on Tony shoulder, “You don’t have to apologise.”
Tony pushed the door open slowly, eyes scanning through the dark to try and make out anything out of the ordinary in the shadows. His hand automatically reached inside, blindly searching until his palm felt the rough material of the umbrella he kept in the stand by the door. It was a plain black one, large and imposing. He hadn’t used it since Jarvis’ funeral when he was a teenager. There were probably still photos on the internet somewhere of him dressed all in black, face hidden by this very umbrella at the graveside to hide his tears. It wasn’t becoming of Stark men to cry. Howard was stone faced throughout the entire service, indifference and cold, much like every other day.
“It’s my night off. I need a drink.” Steve shouted back before disappearing onto the street, hat and sunglasses still in place.
Tony sighed, “Feels like it is. I don’t want to be the guy that comes between a family. Especially with everything you guys have going on.”
“I wasn’t planning on it,” Tony replied, “I was actually on my way out.”
“Tell me what you found?” Steve asked as he poured a generous helping of alcohol into each glass.
“Are you sure you know what you’re signing up for?” The question startled Tony out of his frozen state, eyes locked onto Clint bleeding out on the sofa. His head whipped round to find Bucky standing next to him, clearly wondering if Tony was about to throw up.
“We can’t let him go to jail for this, Nat.” Tony’s eyes were frantic, “I’m not saying he’s a good guy, but he doesn’t deserve jail.”
His captor was intrigued, Tony could tell by the way he leant forward with his elbows on his knees, “The Captain?”
“Not in time.” Steve replied.
He felt hollow and everything in him wanted to scream out to Tony. He couldn’t. This was the right thing to do.
“Apparently not.” Tony shot back, feeling his skin prickle.
“I don’t think I can do this anymore.” Steve whispered the words into the space between them like an offering, an apology, like a goddamn coward who couldn’t even meet Tony’s eyes as he said it. He needed to do this though. He needed to set Tony free and protect him from any retaliations that might come his way when Steve wasn’t around to protect him himself. This is what Phillips had taught him. No loose ends. No strings. No trails.
Tony paused for a moment, Bucky had a point, “No, but as my best friend he’ll want me to have the last say on the end of my relationship. He buys into the whole idea of closure and stuff, he always has. Once got me to burn a picture of Howard from the paper in order to let those years of my life go or something. That’s just Rhodey, he’s good like that.”
"You're right, it's not." She replied, "We won't do anything unless we have to but I'm not leaving until I know you're clear."
He placed a kiss over Tony’s heart, “We’re going to be okay.” He replied with a smile.
He had stayed. He had slept.
“If you need to be mad at me then be mad at me.” Natasha hissed out, “Stop taking it out on Steve, on Tony, on everyone else in this goddamn house.”
He rounded another corner, stopping short at the five men in between him and the end of the corridor. Steve still had his gun raised, he knew he only had three bullets left though. He had used most of his ammo getting this far.
Natasha gripped his hands, hers were cold but she held Tony’s fingers firmly, “He isn’t going to jail. We’ll fix it. As a family.”
“Or he’s planning something else incase it doesn’t.” Thor mused, “Our Captain is smart, he’s also not the type of man to gamble with our lives on a maybe. He doesn’t like to leave things up to fate.”
Steve sighed, “I need a list of all the army vets that have returned from overseas this past year. Only ones who have returned to Brooklyn. Hydra has a new head and all I know is that he’s army.”
“What does that mean?”
“He’s Hydra.” Rumlow laughed, “All he wanted in return was you. And a bonus to donate to his unit but that one was easy. I was going to hand you over to him when you turned yourself in to me but well, the cops beat me to it.”
Tony smirked, dirty and sinful before stroking him one last time, releasing Steve’s cock as he laid back down against the table again.
Thor was right, the darkness in him that just wouldn’t let go. The numbness that washed over him. They were men of action. Rumlow had been the same.
A dream where this was the start of something that could never actually work in their real world.
“You have until tomorrow evening to make your decision, Cap. I’ll text you the location. If you don’t show I won’t bother with the press this time, I’ll take those names straight to the cops. Your family will be locked up by lunchtime.” Rumlow told him, voice firm.
“My day?” Tony frowned, “Why?”
He didn’t though. He stood, withdrawing the knife and offering it back to Natasha.
Steve feinted shock, “Who said anything about screwing. I just came to ask you on a date because I’m a gentleman. Stop trying to seduce me.”
Howard blanched, Tony had never directly brought up the abuse to him before and he could tell it had thrown him, “You were an insolent child, Tony. You were difficult but you were brilliant. That’s a brilliance we could use. Working in a garage? You’re wasting your potential and you know it.”
“You’re right. I didn’t want to be a mother.” Natasha sounded defeated, “I didn’t want that responsibility and I’m glad I did it. Look at who we are, the life we have. You want to bring a child into this? Dropping it off on a playdate so we can go and kill a man? Praying they don’t find the guns we need to keep stashed around the place for our own protection.”
“I don’t even know how to use it.”
“You want to talk? Let’s talk about how you suddenly decided to make your current infatuation part of the team.”
Ross leaned forward then, hands spread out over the papers on the desk in front of him, “I bet you think you’re really good at this. The great Captain, lording over everyone, but I can assure you Mr Rogers, you will never see your family again.”
Steve never got tired of that, the fear when they first saw him, he moved closer as he clicked the safety off the gun in his hands. He eyed his guest with a quick smile before moving over to get a wooden stool from the workbench and bring it over so he could sit in front of the Hydra member.
“Should it? Business is business, right? And you’re paying me double what I’d normally charge for this work. Besides, this bike is a beauty. I can see why you wanted her fixed rather than replacing her.” He replied with a flash of white teeth in Steve’s direction.
He could have given chase. He would have caught them, too, and probably rounded up a handful of the thieves. But for what? Instead, he turned to watch them all scatter into the night. They hadn’t laid a hand on anyone but him, they had not attacked or stole anything except the delivery truck of food.
and realized they would hit it off and be friends on their own, Steve hadn’t felt jealous or worried about being left behind.
Steve paused in the middle of stuffing his gloves into his coat pocket and turned to face his partner. Bucky stared at him, unblinking and unimpressed.
“Keep your pants on!” Steve called back as he pulled on a t-shirt and some sweats before getting the door.
“Focus!” Thor rumbled over them both, gesturing for them to bring it down a level. “Let’s talk about it.”
All around him young men were butchered as they wept and screamed and ran for cover. All of them dead, except for him. He stood there, among them but apart from them, frozen in time and space where he could do nothing but watch as other men sacrificed and gave their lives for freedom, as other men returned to help rebuild the nation. He heard them call his name, but what could he do? Steve was stronger, bigger, and healthier, and still he was that sickly little kid from the 30’s who was destined to linger in the sidelines when it mattered most.
If the judge found Bucky to have violated the terms of the prenuptial agreement, Hansen would walk away with seventy percent of all assets, property, and investments. From there, joint custody would be a hard-won dream. Tony would have to walk a narrow line between convincing the judge of Bucky’s innocence and without making him look like an unreliable father.
“What? No, Thor, I do not require a rescue!” Tony whispered into his phone, “why would you say that?”
tonystarkier said: You know I’m gonna ask this: pirate steve. Or ‘president’. Or donuts.
Bucky was the first to announce how comfortable he was, so if they wanted privacy, they’d have to go somewhere else. Despite his lazy attempt to wingman, Steve ushered Tony to the kitchen where there wasn’t a bed to make a wrong impression.
“Stone-faced ice queen who’s way out of your league? Yeah,” Steve replied dubiously. “What about her?”
“Where are you going?” he demanded of his brother, who was clearly strapping something over the saddle of a horse. “It’s not the season.”
Steve glanced at the lopsided roll Rhodey had made and his face twitched with the effort not to laugh. “You got it, you’re really close,” he said in encouragement, not that anyone believed him. Lila was the first to laugh at her uncle, and even Natasha chuckled to herself at Rhodey’s impatient huff.
She punched in his order without pause. “Will that be for here or to go?”
“Hey, you okay?” Tony whispered, his brows creased with concern. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost or something.”
“You’ve been working on this case for days. It’s been on your mind, that much is obvious,” Steve gestured at the organized chaos around him. “But you also published twenty pages last week. Twenty excellent pages; I’ve never been more excited about librarians in my life.”
Steve was so red his blond hair started to look yellow by contrast. Next to him, Laura nearly choked on a pickle.
Steve glanced Tony’s way through the rearview mirror long enough to make eye contact. He remained silent.
“What the hell, did you drop it in a campfire?” Tony muttered mostly to himself, put he peered at it for a minute before going for his computer. Steve fiddled with his phone for a while, distracting himself from the way Tony’s button-up stretched across his strong shoulders and his lean back. If he didn’t know any better, he would have guessed a blacksmith before something as sedentary as engineering. He’d bet himself five quid that ass was to die for.
“I feel unwell, Steve Rogers,” Tony choked out while trying not to breathe. “The smell of, of burning cannibalized meat.”
Tony swallowed against the bile and the guilt and the fear. “Did they suffer?”
“Hang on, since when do you watch novelas!”
Between the vicious battery he was fending off and the inexplicable target of the attack, Steve was startled by a chorus of giddy whoops of excitement. He turned his face to see what had happened, and when his assailant tried to capitalize on his exposed cheek to knock him out, Steve swung back and caught their fist.
“Hey, Tony,” Rhodey said gently, because of course he knew what Tony’s hangdog expression meant. “Listen, we’ll figure something else out. It’s okay.”
Except, he didn’t move. Tony sat as if rooted to his chair, staring at his own hands where he slowly clenched and relaxed his fingers in an effort to calm himself.
Tony pitched his voice low and leaned in with a suggestive smirk. “Would you like me to put it on for you?”
He trudged into the beautiful residence on autopilot until he heard the voice of the man he’d been without for far too long.
Estás jugando? - Are you kidding me?
In the distance, a morality box buzzed.
Clint seconded the idea with a considering nod. “Yeah, and then he’ll be all, ooh, Steve, your roast beef hero is so long and filling—”
“So, uh,” Tony started with a feigned nonchalance. He was just a regular guy sitting in the middle of the woods giving his dog belly rubs, no big deal. “What are the odds you’d believe that this isn’t what it looks like?”
Steve would burn in hell for this some day, he just knew it. How badly did he want to go along with it and try again? Tony had explained himself, he had apologized. What more could Steve ask of him? Tony was making it so easy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony rolled his eyes and turned his scotch to avoid the giant ice cube. Jane only needed him to grunt and hum at the appropriate times to get this whole lovey-dovey tale out of her system, neither of which required much attention. So Tony played along while mulling over the latest test results. Dum-E was learning, but he struggled with passive observational learning, so if Tony could only—
“I do,” Steve answered earnestly.
Now or never.
Tony finally heard him and he grimaced in confusion. “What? No, it’s—you’re super sexy. How do you look like that when you eat like a twelve year old child?”
That all changed after the election.
Tony was almost out the door when all that he had seen caught up with him. Slowly, he retraced his steps, and sure enough, there was Steve. In an alcove typically reserved for families with big strollers, blankets and big, firm cushions had been laid out for Steve and Seamus to treat visitors and staff alike.
His answer seemed to satisfy Hawley, who grinned and nodded in tune to the murmured agreements voiced by the rest of the class.
“Maybe I should go?” Tony said into the silence. It almost sounded like a peace offering.
Steve could barely raise his arms to help as Tony peeled the zip-up hoodie off each arm, and by some miracle, Tony managed it without scissors and without hurting Steve.
“You would do that?” Steve blurted out, then with a shake of his head, he tried again. “I mean, I thought you could not physically touch another person.”
,” he added indignantly, “DJ bench pressed me in front of everyone this morning. In front of
Clint rolled his eyes and continued with the burgers, covering each patty with slices of sharp cheddar. “Fence finished?” he asked, trying to change the conversation.
As promised, Steve was waiting for him at the gate. Tony dropped his canvas shopping bag into the seat beside Steve and leisurely swaggered the three last steps that brought him to Steve’s feet.
“I’m his fiancée.”
“Sometimes I can’t tell if you’re Steve Rogers or Captain America,” Tony said reverently, shaking his head slowly without taking his eyes off of Steve. “I could kiss you right now.”
. Now that he finally had Steve to himself and away from other watchful party goers with taste, he wanted more than some furtive make-out session in the shadows. Between quick, eager kisses and his greedy fingers, Tony got an elbow on the door handle, kicked in the door he was pressed up against, and as the door fell open behind him he hauled his Highlander into the closet by his kilt.
But it was the octopus that caught Steve’s attention.
That, of all things, took Bucky by surprise. He cracked a smile, and with a roll of his eyes, snickered to himself. Seeing his opening, Steve gently nudged Tony’s leg with his own and asked the question he’d been dying to ask all week. “What was it you were saying about dueling penises on Tuesday?”
. Seven justices declared that the constitutional right to privacy ‘is broad enough to encompass a woman’s decision whether or not to terminate her pregnancy,’ and struck down all fifty states’ abortion laws. In the years that followed, RBG made no bones about her dislike of Justice Harry Blackmun’s opinion in the case. Now, I know what you’re thinking,” he murmured then to the little dog that had settled its chin on Tony’s knee to listen. “RBG, against abortion rights? But, here, if you’ll listen, we get to that: If abortion was a private choice, RBG pointed out, would public insurance have to pay for it like any other medical procedure? No, said the Supreme Court seven years after
“Tony, I promise, I wouldn’t cancel tonight if I didn’t have to—”
One of the benefits of jet lag was the shorter lines at the grocery store. When he wasn’t in LA or Vancouver for some shoot, Bucky kept to New York. Nobody had the time or energy to care about who he was in New York, and after all his years in the industry, there was nothing he cherished more than the anonymous life. Privacy was a luxury, not a commodity, and it was worth every ounce of sacrifice.
“Not another word out of you on the subject. Not at my breakfast table.”
“We talked. I trusted you. You published anyway.”
. Nick, Amy, Tara, they all had families. People who loved them, people who cared about them. People waiting to hear back from them.
“We will go public with a decision tomorrow,” Steve told him, trying to smile. “You’ll know who the new captain will be soon either way.”
“This store is why normal, hard-working people hate the one percent.”
Clint slowed his pace, and together they peered at every reflecting surface and inspected every solid-looking shape in the dark to see if it could serve them as cover in the daytime. The sun had all but fully crested the horizon when they finally stumbled into some good fortune: a dry, uninhabited cave. Tony reached into his little satchel, and with the help of his flint, grease saved from fishes and water-snakes, and pieces of his old curtains, he cobbled together a little torch to help guide them through the cave safely.
“Then stop reading the ones Peggy sends to me,” Steve suggested half-heartedly and went back to his eggs. He needed six with four egg whites, and Tony needed seven with five. He wasn’t entirely sure whose he was working on anymore, or how many egg whites was in which bowl.
Steve didn’t answer him, but his smile stretched into a grin and he climbed up into the bed without hesitation. Unlike the nights they had already spent together at his place, where Steve comfortably kept to his side of the bed, Steve shuffled to the middle without thinking. Tony lost no time meeting him halfway: he moved to the middle and threw an arm over Steve’s waist, nuzzling into Steve’s chest.
“What’s that, The New New Colossus? Bedside drawer,” Tony answered before Steve finished his question. “Lube, condoms.”
Tony angled the camera away from himself to show Steve a long platter stuffed with enough crepes to feed a family - half of them filled with a gooey cheese and cured meats, and the other half folded over a variety of fruits and chocolates, creams, or custard. Steve didn’t know whether to laugh or roll his eyes, but he was too relieved by it all. Tony was smiling, he had rested, and he was
. But, we heard you had a tough flight here,” Karl said with his cheerful smile, “so we thought instead of the regular show, we’d switch it up a little. Now, we had you answer some questions before you came on stage,” he trailed off with meaning, and Tony cringed.
Steve nodded slowly, doing his best to keep his commentary to himself this time. “Yes, and they have for over two hundred years.”
Steve pursed his lips in distaste. How much faster could they have gotten to this point in the investigation if Hammer had just cooperated with them from the start instead of discounting their theories outright? “That’s… convenient. So, where is Richard Kline now?”
“Uncle! Uncle, I give,” Tony wheezed between hitching breaths until finally -
Steve’s heart skipped a beat at the same time as his pulse pounded in his ears. His mouth ran dry as he vividly remembered lying alone in his big bed in Vancouver, listening to Tony’s distant voice recalling the joyful romance he was enjoying with another man. A man much braver than Steve, a man who deserved Tony’s affection.
With nothing better to do at ten o’clock at night, Tony decided to get this sent out and hit the hay. He edited a copy of the video down to seconds before his orgasm took him. He saved the full length video for himself, but Steve could suffer the cliffhanger if he wasn’t going to play along.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Captain?” Jane said after a short silence. “Is the door locked?”
He shuffled into work late, where he received Friday’s third gift between his last bacon roll and second dose of paracetamol. As if the hangover and missed calls from Steve weren’t enough, his next gift was none other than Bond, James Bond.
He was eyeing the curtains his mom had made him trying to guess how angry she’d be if he turned it into a toga when there was a knock at the door.
“This should be easy,” Sharon was the first to say. “Per the prenuptial agreement she is entitled to the majority of all assets in the event that he cheats or returns to alcoholism. He’s done both.”
“Silence,” Fury snapped irritably and strode across to the terminal to do it himself.
like?”
Since when did Tony smell like the Hudson? But Steve should never tell him; that was mean, the Hudson was absolutely filthy, and Steve loved him too much to say that.
“Boss, he’s nothing but an airhead,” Sharon promised as she gathered up the documents and manuscripts she was picking up for the office. “I know your tolerance for airheads is …pretty low, but you got this. It’s working. And, at least he’s hot; and he’s nice, isn’t he?”
“I vote against waxing,” Tony finally whispered, his words pregnant with a soft, needful moan. “Trim, contour, sure; I even know a guy. Nobody has a body like yours. But this,” he said, scraping blunt nails through the hair over Steve’s abdomen. “You don’t understand how fucking hot you are.”
“Bucky! I can’t believe it’s actually you—”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony spun the laptop around to confirm what he remembered before answering. “It keeps a record of everyone with whom he still has a mutual connection, but I’ll dig and see if the company has a log of matches where either or both of them unmatched.”
Karl, who was slowly turning red trying to keep his smile from becoming a giggling fit.
“Wait,” Tony said suddenly, grabbing for his phone. “Say her name again? Foster?”
Tony could have written odes to the power and grace Steve exuded with every flip and twist. How a man that large made such a minimal splash baffled Tony, in part because he refused to look. He knew all too well how fast a body with Steve’s mass leaping from that height moved, and it physically hurt to watch in that crucial, final moment.
“Then, what?” Steve wondered, elbowing Tony gently in the side. “We didn’t decide: sushi or burgers?”
“That’s what I asked Chief Director Nicholas Fury!” Jane cried, but then she quickly lowered her voice before anyone outside Tony’s office doors heard her. In a more cautious tone of voice, she explained. “Chief Director Nicholas Fury said there was no need to create widespread panic. It is only a matter of tick-tocks before the perpetrator is codetraced.”
, and T’Challa clearly died. By their law, Erik was the rightful king.”
Two odd-ball stunts were too suspicious to ignore.
“I love you even when you smell like the Hudson,” he promised in case Tony was worried about it.
Yinsen considered them both in turn, then turned to Tony. “Elaborate.”
“You… you look so,” Tony stammered breathlessly, “so...”
The soldiers readied and aimed their weapons as one woman leapt off her horse to approach them. “By the will of the King, you are under arrest for illegal en…” she trailed off as Steve found his feet and stood to face her. She stared at him with a sudden chill, then, stepping closer, she whispered, “...Your Majesty?”
IDK he
“Alexander G. Pierce, drop that weapon!”
“Stop! Steve, this isn’t our fight!” Bucky shouted the words he’d done his best to avoid all these months. “You owe him nothing, Steve. You have responsibilities to your people,” he said, albeit sympathetically. “I know you care for him, but officially he’s nothing to you.”
“Yes, but—just—” Bruce grabbed up an old discarded copy of
“Steve Rogers,” she said with the impatience of a person who’d been forced to repeat herself. “What did the dispute entail?”
“No, Stark,” Steve said with a wry twist of his lips. “That’s not—you have not put me ill at ease. It’s been a long day, and to be frank, that whole… the raid is still on my mind. How can you be so advanced and leave others to starve?”
“Jesus fucking Christ, stop,” Tony grunted and made a show of readjusting in his seat. “I didn’t consent to any of this. Keep your culinary dirty talk to yourself, Rogers. After this press tour, it’s boiled chicken and porridge and brown rice and juiced spinach every day for months.”
“I’m not
But curled in on himself beside Steve, he looked smaller than ever before. For one flashing second Steve’s reptilian brain wanted nothing more than to gather Tony against his body and shield him from the world, as if the flu might be a threat he could fight away like any loathsome opportunist.
“We’re staying on a mountain overlooking the lake,” Tony started to explain, doing his best to contain his giddy relief to see Steve was warming up to their holiday. The night only got darker and the rain persisted, but they continued strolling through the streets, arm in arm, while Steve listened to Tony paint the picture of the little alpine paradise they were about to discover together.
Tony knew what was expected of him, what his only option was if he wanted to survive unharmed. He squeezed his eyes shut and hugged the cushions desperately as the master made uncoordinated attempts to suck his come from his body. It didn’t seem to know what it was doing, and its blunt teeth kept scraping at his skin more forcibly as it grew increasingly frustrated with him. Desperately, Tony tried to push the monster away so he could roll over and offer it his leaking cock, but Steve had told him not to waste his come. Steve, who was all the way across the room chatting amiably with the other master and the handful of others who had arrived for the demonstration. He seemed unaware of this alien clawing at Tony’s soft thighs and twisting him into a painful, aggressive back-bend. The position left Tony struggling to catch his breath, but the master didn’t care - if anything, its renewed vigor suggested that it had finally found a position it thought would provide the rare, raw come made in Tony’s prized body.
This, Steve remembered. The mad, selfish rutting of men seeking their pleasure.
Steve rolled his eyes, but he kept his mouth shut. He was doing fine until he got bored enough to forget Tony’s earlier request and again started poking around at the underwear displays they passed.
They blinked at each other in a quiet surprise. Their little dance could have easily continued for another five to ten minutes, but Tony had caught them both unawares with his easy agreement.
“He’s a doctor?” Tony asked, miserably. The competition for high-income, high-status men was cutthroat business, and given his tantalizing attributes, the chances that this Steve Rogers was on the market were slim to none.
“I’m not letting you out of this building. You’re not a soldier anymore, you’re a goddamn king! Don’t make me have to use force,” Bucky finished less aggressively. “Please, Steve.”
A wild array of reactions flickered across Bucky’s expression—confusion, queasy discomfort, dawning shock, fear—until anger burned behind his eyes. “You think it’s a message?”
,” Tony patiently told him, not that Steve believed it for a second. “Finish your meetings, and come home.”
Steve stopped dead in his tracks as his dad’s visit from the day before came back to him. The black suit was still in the drier! He hurried to the laundry room, and behind closed doors, he spun out of the towel and into the suit in a matter of seconds.
Brock tore the ticket off the box with a frown, then crumbled it up and tossed it away. “Fuck you.”
Detectives were still working to clear the apartment and make sure there were no hidden cubby holes when the radio crackled to life and one of their colleagues from the 62nd called it in.
“I advise you not to speak ill of dining in Taco Bell when we are in public, Captain Steven G. Rogers. Tony has made me aware of what Taco Bell was in your time, but much has changed since then. Most of us will never have the chance to dine at Taco Bell in our lifetimes.”
magazines, and shoes that littered what once was a floor.
“I can see that,” Jimmy admitted, “the only difference is at the end of the day you get to go home to Tony Stark and they don’t.”
“We do not know what lives in these sewers, Steve Rogers,” Tony hissed back in alarm. “There may be crocodiles, or, or mutant rats the size of crocodiles! You will walk behind me, where you are safe.”
Steve paused the video. “I thought… that wasn’t what I thought he said,” he whispered into the attentive silence on the other end of the call. “I thought he was talking about your legs.”
Tony frowned a little at the question, like he had never expected Steve to say those words. “The, the reason we broke up,” Tony said in quiet disbelief. Steve couldn’t blame him; he’d be shocked about forgetting the reason they broke up, too, if he’d ever heard a damn reason.
“Oh—hey, Tony,” Steve replied, clearly a little caught off guard. “Is this a bad time? I expected the voicemail. This isn’t urgent,” he made sure to add.
Tony huffed a laugh but followed Steve’s lead without resistance. “Even if I could, I’m pretty sure you’d have to do all the work.”
The woman ahead of them in line picked up her stack of books, thanked the whole collection of people who’d made the signing possible, and shuffled away with an animated bounce in her step. A helpful staff member waved them to the table and reached for a book to get the process started, except neither Steve nor Bucky were carrying a copy of the latest Stark sensation.
“...this is mine,” Tony said under his breath not knowing if he should stare at the ring or at Steve. If he’d been given infinite time to predict how Steve would finally explain the ring, an engagement and wedding ring for him wouldn’t have occurred to him in a million years.
“Doesn’t mean you don’t have a type. Like, look at that guy,” he said, elbowing Steve harder than necessary to point out a guy across the street. “You should be all over him. Dark hair, tight jeans, ass like—”
Steve moved his belongings into his one-bedroom suite on the fifth floor and dashed out to join everyone else at orientation. A big banner hung in the law school quad to direct them to the orientation tables where tired second-year students in red shirts manned the posts. He walked up to the main table, separate from the tables where clubs like the Harvard Law Journal and Environmental Law Association tried to enlist fresh cases to their cause.
“Another night to savor the dream, Natasha,” he murmured, a softly growled whisper that warmed her cheek before he sealed it with a tender brush of his lips over the corner of her smile.
“I hope those are good sounds,” Steve said with a quiet laugh, and he offered the spatula for Tony to lick clean.
In the end, Steve admitted to himself that at minimum, they needed to reschedule Tony’s meetings and bring in a trustworthy doctor. He only needed one person to accomplish both tasks. He called Pepper.
“Sure,” he said quietly. “Safe from
Graham hid his mouth behind his cards, and with a little smirk in his voice whispered, “The gentleman doth protest too much, methinks.” Then, once the laughter of the audience had died down into reasonable giggling, he continued. “There are people who have noticed you, sir, and they have devoted a whole website to the, well. To the shape of your rear.”
scruples about common decency? Could they spell it? Who was she to talk to his Steve in that way—
“It is,” Steve confirmed, gasping softly when Tony’s tongue rolled over the head of his cock. Both he and Tony knew that he wasn’t going to come again anytime soon, so Tony’s efforts were now only for Steve’s pleasure. Steve smiled down at him and murmured praise to his pet, brimming with pride.
“What do you want, my tax returns?” Steve bit out, then pursed his lips again as he reminded himself to keep calm. If he wanted to count this a win, he needed to keep a cool head. “I assure you, I have enough money for a good life for a long, long time.”
Steve scoffed at the question and rolled his eyes. “Of course not,” he almost laughed. “But who will keep my secrets if you don’t?”
One way or another, he was going to die. It wasn’t the tragedy Tony seemed to think; after all, Steve wouldn’t have enlisted back in the 20th if he didn’t think dying was a risk worth taking. Any battle could be his last, or any ambush—and who was to say one of Tony’s workshop mishaps wouldn’t blow the Tower into the sky some day?
Tony had no intention of teasing him. With his hands firmly planted on Steve’s abdomen, he rode Steve fast and hard, maintaining his viselike grip of Steve’s thick cock through every tight roll or greedy bounce of his hips. No matter how Steve bucked under him, Tony wouldn’t falter, meeting him thrust for thrust until Steve came with a strangled cry, his hips snapping up and his back arching off the mattress.
When he turned his attention back to Steve, Steve had finished most of his water and was turning the glass in his hand to watch the ice cubes shift.
“Rhodes, he’s not here,” he told Rhodey, speaking as calmly as he could for Steve’s sake. “Keep me posted.”
“You can’t even hear how entitled you are, can you?” Tony said after a long beat of silence, his voice lowered and his lips curled back in distaste. “You can’t even ask me to forgive you, you demand that I forgive you.”
“My heart would break if you looked at me the way you look at those pages.”
“—you think you’re safe from one head, and then—
“Dad?” Tony stammered, trying to get a hold of Steve, but it was like catching steam in a net, he slipped through his fingers and evaporated from sight.
It wasn't supposed to be this way, the bullet was not meant for Tony. Pierce didn't matter, Rumlow was a pest long forgotten. All that mattered were Tony’s honey brown eyes blinking up at him, too shocked to cry the tears bright in his eyes. Desperately, Steve held Tony to his chest, and as Tony’s weight became too heavy to bear, Steve collapsed to the floor on his knees with Tony cradled and safe in his arms.
“Steve Rogers!” he shouted ahead at the broad back marching away from him. “You must halt!”
Steve expression warmed with in his surprised delight, the way he always did when he realized he and Tony would be sharing a new experience together. He pressed his lips to Tony’s temple and breathed in the scent of his hair deeply before straightening again.
It wasn’t until he was riding up the elevator that he realized where he was going. It wasn’t until Tony opened the door that he realized why.
Besides capitalizing on their luck abroad and Steve’s frequent calls about confounding and often contradictory social rules (what cosmic math resulted in two kiss greetings in Italy but four in France?), they relied on the most contrived reasons to make official visits to each other’s countries whenever their schedules allowed. Steve invited Tony to the first winter solstice of his rule, where side by side they watched the young students of Fiorera’s primary school perform the beautiful music celebrating the warm, guiding light of their faith through the darkest hours of the year. Machtberg had secularized aggressively after the First World War, but Tony was still nearly moved to tears watching the shared joy and passion those children exuded with every prayer and song.
“Mr. Stark, Mr. Rogers,” the doctor said with an inviting smile, and he stepped back to let them in. “It is a pleasure to meet you, gentlemen. I am Dr. Odinson.”
The audience and Steve both laughed easily, but as it naturally quieted down, Jimmy turned to Steve with a more intent, curious look. “But two days ago, on December 9th, they announced the nominations for this year’s Golden Globes…”
“Don’t bother unpacking, Steve. I’m finding us a place tomorrow,” Tony whispered, his voice already sounding hoarse from overuse. “By Friday, we’ll christen the hell out of it.”
Steve groaned quietly, and on a childish impulse, kicked at the floor. “I know, and he’s worth the compromises, it’s just… I want to ask him to move in with me, mom,” he whispered, swallowing back the nerves and anxiety and
