“Thanks, could you – “But before he could finish his sentence Cas had already flown off. “– not tell Sam what exactly we did.” Dean sighed and walked the short distance to the Impala. He put his underwear and pants on and put his shoes and shirt in the passenger seat before he started Baby and looked in the mirror to back out. He quickly hit the brakes as he took in the sight.
“Take a right up here. Correct?” Dean didn’t answer, but he made the turn. Within three hours they were pulling into an old motel with dust covered windows. Sam yawned and stretched, but his long legs hit the back of Dean’s seat and Dean made a small cry of warning.
“I would like that.” Dean gave a broad smile and before Castiel could move Dean had his lips on his. Cas smirked against his lips and as quickly as he was there, he pulled back, but Dean’s goofy smile hadn’t left. Sam gagged in the back seat at the display. Dean looked up in the rearview mirror to give Sam a dirty look.
“Speak with your brother.” Dean let out a strange noise, like he was punched in the stomach in the middle of laughing. “I will see about absolving you of all your other sins in my own time.” Castiel felt the weight of his keys around his neck and had nearly reached out to grab at the rosary that wasn’t there. Dean finally looked over at him and Castiel met his eyes for a moment before Dean stood and made his way out of the booth. Castiel resisted the urge to sneak a look out the booth. What kind of image was this man who had seen and committed so much sin in his life? Castiel waited until he heard the sound of the grand doors closing before he got up and exited the confessional. He walked to his study in a bit of a haze. He had several events he needed to plan, but he didn’t know if he was going to be able to focus on any of it after his encounter with Dean Winchester.
“Cas, Cas. Please. I want – “ He attempted before he could only get out unintelligible grunts. Castiel pulled back a bit, looking directly into Dean’s gaze. He halted his hips making Dean squirm underneath him.
He didn’t want Sam or Bobby to come looking for him because he knew if they found out that he was keeping Cas here they would set him free. Dean couldn’t let them do that. He had denied himself this for too long and now he wasn’t able to completely love Cas like he should have. Not that Cas knew any different. The only thing he knew of love were from living in poor old Jimmy Novak’s body for so long. Cas held the phone in his lap and stared at it for a few miles before he turned to look at Dean. He wasn’t wearing a seatbelt because why would a dead guy need to care about living. He wasn’t even a guy. He is an angel of the lord. Was. Cas gripped the phone as it sounded off again.
“So what’s she like?” Sam poked his head from the back seat. Castiel turned slightly to look at him out of the corner of his eye. His hair had gotten long in the time they had been together. He was constantly pushing it back from his face as he did so now, pen in his ear revealing as he did.
“I don’t know how to answer that question.” Dean had a faint smirk on his lips, a crooked little thing. “What did you call me?” The little crooked smirk evened out now and was replaced with the barest hint of red.
“My mom. She’s at work.” Castiel nodded as Caleb gave him his mother’s work number. The conversation was quick, his mother promising to be here shortly and to wait for her out front. He didn’t go into detail about what happened over the phone, he decided to leave that for when they met in person. Once he got off the phone, Caleb looked like he was mostly back to normal. Castiel sat back down in the seat next to Caleb.
“Come on, let’s go wait for your mom at the doors.” Caleb jumped up and walked ahead of Castiel. He led the way through the office, the hallway, and then all the way through the nave to the narthex. Castiel trailed behind a little bit as he processed the information that Caleb had given him. He heard a woman’s voice at the door and Caleb’s followed shortly after. Castiel walked out onto the sidewalk to see Caleb’s mother holding him in a tight hug.
“I’m just going to set you down, so that way I can get you some water, Caleb.” The boy clenched harder at Castiel’s shoulders, but after a moment he nodded into his shoulder and Castiel set him down in the seat. Caleb’s face was red and his nose was leaking snot in the usual way that crying children always seemed to cause. Castiel was quick to get a glass and fill it with some cool water before he returned to kneel in front Caleb. Caleb drank greedily from the glass, nearly finishing the whole thing before he came up for air. He still had tears silently streaming down his face, but he looked calmer than before.
After Deacon Neil left for the day Castiel had come out to wish him farewell as to keep up the appearance of him taking care of his companion within the bellows of the church. Dean would stay until the next morning before he would return at night to lay chest to chest with Castiel in the back room.
“Now what?” Dean turned to finally look at Castiel. He seemed to have a permanent blush covering his face as he spoke with Castiel. He wondered how long that would last. “I mean, I didn’t just defile a priest, I defiled an angel of the Lord here, Cas. I’m still not sure you aren’t going to smite me.” Castiel scrunched up his face as he took in Dean’s words and the way he seemed to cringe as he said them himself.
“Castiel?” The voice was aged, Castiel previously thought him to be short, but as he entered, he realized the man was just hunched over in age.
“What’s the scoop, Sam?” Sam removed his jacket and placed it next to his brother’s. Sam leaned forward as Dean sped off to find food.
“Looks like Sam doesn’t have to wait that long after all.” Dean chuckled and kissed Cas again.
“Wait here, Sam. In case our little Casper decides to make an appearance.” Sam rolled his eyes and flipped off his brother before he blushed remembering Castiel’s presence. “Not in front of the Father, Samuel.” Castiel walked back into the church before he was subjected to anymore of the brothers foolery. Castiel turned around as they entered, unsure of what it was exactly that Dean had wanted to do. Castiel stared at him as Dean walked further into the nave. “Uh, can you show me where you sleep?” Castiel was unprepared for the rush of heat the filled his face. He hoped that the warmth from outside was able to explain the way his face had flushed at the question. Castiel wordlessly walked back Dean and led him towards his office and then his bedroom. Dean followed, still holding the bag of salt in his arms as he did so. Castiel ignored the way the back of his neck felt while he got closer and closer to his sleeping quarters. He had put his flashlight away at the first door leading down the hallway and used the faint moonlight to guide him through the hallway and to his rooms. He opened the several doors leading to his room before he showed Dean the small room he called his. Dean stepped in and looked around, he looked a little relieved before he walked over to the window sill. He started to pour the salt on the window and Castiel raised his eyebrow at the action.
Castiel wasn’t one to get smashed and have meaningless one night stands, but he wasn’t opposed to calling a stranger for a meaningless if not exciting phone call. Sober Castiel would regret this in the morning, and no doubt forget the conversation let alone why there was a random outgoing number in his calls list. Drunk Castiel hummed slightly as he dialed the number and jumped up on the counter, leaning on the fingerprinted glass.
“You help people as well?” Castiel kept his voice even as though not to rise suspicion that what Dean was saying was a lie. He knew next to nothing about this man and the sins he had committed very well could have been a byproduct of his job. Helping people seemingly being the root cause of that.
“Dean, don’t stop.” Castiel’s voice had somehow managed to drop even more octaves and the sound made his cock ache for friction. To have his very own angel’s lips wrapped around his cock like a prize. He groaned and the vibrations from his throat made Castiel shoot his head up pinning him with his glowing stare. “Do that again!” Dean had no choice but to oblige the angel as the command had him glad he wasn’t standing or he would have been weak in the knees. Dean hummed deep in his throat as he bobbed his head up and down, taking all of the angel into his mouth. Castiel started to thrash his head a little as Dean continued moving. “Dean!” Castiel looked at Dean with full powered eyes and Dean could feel Castiel’s cock twitch in his throat as he came. The combination of movements, sounds, and looks had Dean grunting as a sudden sharp spike of orgasm spread through his back and had him thrusting into the air as he spilled himself all over the inside of Castiel’s coat and pants. Dean heard the flurry of wings around him and he was certain he felt wind pick up around him as he continued to swallow down Castiel’s cum as he rode out his own second orgasm.
Shaking his head, Castiel laughs. He gazes out at the individual souls, at their pink-tinted joy. He takes Dean’s hand, pushing the images his grace sees into Dean’s soul, so his charge can feel his love for this for himself. Dean gasps when everything in front of him changes. The children turn into candles dancing around the park, their voices no longer grating on his nerves.
“Hi, I’m Nathan and I’ll be your server for today. Can I get you anything to drink?”
That kiss is all his existence is now.
The connection breaks with a snap as Castiel stands abruptly. His chair falls back against the floor with a loud crack. Dean quickly stands and moves closer to Castiel. He puts his hands on Castiel’s shoulders even as the angel’s wings stretch outward. The feathers rustle, light still shining from the cupid.
Jo stares at Castiel for a couple seconds before she shakes her head and writes down the order. When her gaze lands on Dean again, Dean already has an answer. “Jo, Ash, this is Castiel. Castiel, this is Jo and Ash.”
The sound makes Castiel’s grace shiver, wings flaring out. Running with instinct, Cas lifts Dean off the ground, the human’s back still against the wall. He strokes his hand over Dean’s thigh, the other resting against the wall next to Dean’s head. He’s capable of holding up Dean’s weight, but his body spasms with shudders with every movement.
Dean chuckles as he places two shot glasses onto the bar and pours out some of his best whiskey. “I told ya not to play at the same table as yer wife, Bobby. It can only lead to empty pockets and headin to bed bested.”
Dean shakes his head as he finally stands up. He grabs a folder from the backseat, tucking it under his arm. He sticks his tongue out as he figures out how to hold his coffee, keep his bag from swinging forward and hitting the car, and not spill his coffee on himself. Castiel moves around the car and takes the coffee from Dean’s hands, holding it for the man. Dean gives Castiel a small smile in thanks as he locks the car. “Sounds like ya know him well.”
Dean pushes Lucifer off of his lap, causing his pile of undergarments to fall off the edge of the table and onto the floor. Stammering, Dean kneels onto the ground and pushes the clothes together. Castiel shoos Lucifer away, kneeling next to Dean to help refold what Dean had claimed. He doesn’t hesitate as he folds the panties beside Dean. The other man’s cheeks and neck flush a deep red, hands shaking. He notices how thin and pale Castiel’s fingers are, but also how confident and strong they appear. As Castiel folds his favorite pair of panties- a thin, pink satin pair with a bow over an ass cage- Dean pictures those hands tracing the outline of the lace borders on his ass. The image trickles down his spine, causing goosebumps to rise on his skin. Dean continues to stare as Castiel moves to other pairs, but the thought lingers.
It doesn’t bother Castiel that Nathan speaks only to Dean, especially considering he doesn’t plan on ordering anything. Dean, however, looks between the kid and the angel across from him. He pointedly stares at Castiel. “You want some coffee, Cas?”
Dean pulls back, grabbing Castiel’s shoulder and moving him to the side. He fumbles in his pocket for his keys, yanking the door open once he’s turned the lock. He jerks the back door open, reaching for the angel again. He grins, but hesitates for a second as he slides into the backseat. He looks up at Castiel, eyes a flash of color in the shadows. Tugging on the angel’s tie, he leads Castiel into the backseat as well.
A good fifteen minutes later, the pie is gone and Creedance’s cheeks are sticky with pie crumbs. Dean kisses her forehead and turns to grab a washcloth to clean the baby’s face. He jumps when he sees Castiel standing in the doorway with a goofy smile on his face.
Castiel’s eyes widen at the lingo, his face flushing when Ash sees the expression and winks in response. The angel laughs, shaking his head as the man walks away. Humans never ceased to amuse and amaze him. Ash quickly reappears with a glass of beer and Castiel holds it up in salute before taking a couple of sips. He closes his eyes. His lips pop with a satisfying wet sound as he sighs again. His back relaxes and he slouches towards the counter top. No one from his garrison is here, looking at him with respect and awe in their eyes. No one is expecting him to be a soldier.
Dean’s breath hitches in surprise, gaze focusing on Castiel. He slumps against the back of the chair. “Some water sounds great, thanks.”
Lucifer’s grace whispers in their mind. In a way, he smirks at his little brother, tsking at Cas’s sentimentality.
Clearing his throat, Dean leans over and bumps his shoulder against Castiel’s. “Wanna stay for dinner? I’m makin’ chicken fajitas.”
Balth and his partner glance at each other with knowing smiles. This time, Balth answers the question. His British accent surprises Dean.
Dean runs a hand through his hair, frowning when his palm comes back sticky from the gel he put in that morning. He rubs his palm on his slacks. “Yeah…”
He swipes the app open, bouncing on his feet as he holds the phone to his ear. “Hey, Lis, go on and bring him up.”
When he does find Amara, her power, her confidence, her anger rolls through him. Each wave sends shock waves of emotion through him, pain he hasn’t felt since Dean kicked him out of the bunker. She sees through his guise, shakes her head and says his thoughts out loud. Why
But March 14th, that’s something different. It’s underrated, unknown outside of middle school classrooms, and untouched by capitalism. Castiel doesn’t particularly care for math, despite being good at it, but has been planning for Pi Day for a while. Because if there is something Dean Winchester enjoys, it’s pie.
Dean hums, wandering hands skimming over the curve of Castiel’s ass. The sensation, the risqué edge to the movement, startles the angel. His wings flap lightly, spraying water across the space. Smirking, Dean squeezes the muscle. Castiel yanks on Dean’s hair in retaliation, a perfect plan until Dean groans at the pain. Castiel’s instantly pulling Dean closer, bodies sticking and sliding from the water. When the heat of their dicks touch, both moan. Dean rolls his hips on reflex, a slow motion to drag out the friction. Castiel pulls on Dean’s hair again, gasping. “Dean.”
“Dean, you are not the kind of man I picture waiting quietly for the rain to end.”
And even though James never asks, Dean still says, “Dean.”
Despite what folk talk about over late-night bonfires, the rules of Ouroboros are indeed simple. Humans stay to their work, their homes, their establishments. As do the fae. The fae have their own place, a saloon on the other side of town with black walls and stained glass windows. Yet, Dean always serves the fae with sapphire eyes.
Sneering, the priest puts his hand on top of the glass. He pushes it down, staring at the angel’s lips. His fingers clutch at Castiel’s, voice tight. “Don’t say that when I’m trying to not…”
Dean shifts closer to Castiel, wrapping an arm around Cas’s waist. Cas wraps his arm around Dean’s as well, one wing pushing the blankets aside so he can keep his partner safe. Dean smiles at the light touch of the feathers, nuzzling Castiel’s chest.
“Cas?” he whispers, afraid that if he blinks the cupid will disappear and take this feeling with him.
Instead, he changes into one of the few t-shirts he owns. Gabriel had bought it for him a while ago, a band logo sprawled across the worn fabric. Castiel had heard some of Led Zeppelin’s music, including in Dean’s car. He smiles a little at the memory as he changes into one of his own pairs of jeans. He puts aside Dean’s clothes. He’ll wash them and return them tomorrow.
“I’ve had a connection with her since she was freed… Through the Mark, ya know. And a little while ago I felt like I couldn’t breathe. Like someone was choking me and burning my neck. Just like when the Mark felt like it was burning. And that connection, it seems dead now.”
The words are soft with sarcasm, lilting back into comfort, even affection. Dean smiles. His hand sways out to brush their knuckles together. Castiel’s grip on his towel loosens.
Dean moans louder at the words, bucking up against Castiel. “Mine… my angel.”
Dean snorts and wrings out a rag. As Dean wipes Creedance’s face clean, the girl yawns. Both angel and hunter can’t help the soft smiles that adorn their lips as they get their daughter ready for an afternoon nap. Castiel lifts the girl from her high chair, cradling her against the soft curve of his shoulder. Dean presses a kiss to her cheek, whispering, “I love you, baby girl.”
Creedance looks at the red goo on the spoon with a distasteful frown. Dean wiggles the silverware in front of her face, smiling and cooing to try and get her to eat. She finally allows herself to taste, eyes instantly lighting up. The girl’s happy gurgle makes Dean laugh excitedly.
The smell fills his mind and his grace surges pleasantly. Normally eating bothers him and he avoids the action. When in the company of humans, it is viewed as rude to not eat as well because it makes them uncomfortable. Castiel normally followed the rule, but never quite enjoyed the food placed in front of him. Castiel takes another large bite of the burger, grease dripping from his lips and down his chin. The sensation would repulse him in any other situation, but now it adds to the experience. He feels almost human as the muscles in his jaw work together to chew. He closes his eyes, reveling in the mixture of flavors, picking out cheese, tomato, lettuce, even the pepper steak seasoning in the meat. His wings flutter happily.
Cas looks between Gabriel and Balthazar, shaking his head.
They walk silently to an old park a couple houses down from Dean’s. They used to play on the swings there, daring each other to kick the sun out of the sky. Dean sits on the right swing, smiling to encourage Castiel to sit next to him.
The hunter purses his lips, searching the angel’s eyes like the blue is missing something. Cas’s grace brightens as he grows in their mind. Dean’s gaze is strong, and Lucifer starts to feel uncomfortable under it. Stepping closer, Dean shrugs off Lucifer’s hand and searches his entire face.
Castiel tilts his head slightly to the right as he walks into the office and puts the folder on the desk. “If your concern is with the latest report, everything is within that folder there.”
Nodding, Dean encourages his angel. He squeezes Castiel’s hand, rocks his own hips up. “I got ya.”
Dean sighs, running a hand down his face. He turns on his heel, grumbling about getting his shoes and wallet. As he shoves a sweatshirt over his head, Dean can’t help but think that this whole cupid thing is going to be interesting.
Her eyes are warm, her smile accenting her laugh lines. Dean nods, a slight blush creeping onto his cheeks. Pulling back, she nods at the stair case leading to the upper floors. “You should stop by sometime and have dinner with us.”
Dean bites his bottom lip as he looks between Castiel’s eyes. He takes another bite of his pie, using his tongue to spread the taste around his mouth. Eyes focused on the small pout of Dean’s lips, Castiel’s heart jerks in his chest. He's used to the feeling now, had experienced this level of desire around Dean several times. Yet, every time felt like the first time. And suddenly it feels like his lungs are in his throat and his fingers are tingling with the need to touch.
“That would be one reason. I also thought you would wish to share, remove that ‘weight from your shoulders’ as they say.”
“Good to see ya, Sammy.”
Ignoring the other two boys, Crowley focuses on Dean, who laughs silently. Crowley was a junior, the other three sophomores. He’s in Dean’s shop class and quickly latched on to Dean when he found out he was handy with a hammer and some nails. His dark eyes scan the crowd around them, then stops. His signature smirk decorates his lips, and he turns to Dean. The other boy raises an eyebrow at Crowley, taking another swig from his Mountain Dew.
The flesh on this inside of Castiel’s lip presses into his teeth uncomfortably, causing him to open his mouth to relieve the pressure. Dean drags his own teeth across the chapped expanse of Castiel’s bottom lip, hand creeping into Castiel’s hair. He clings to the dark curls as he licks into Castiel’s mouth. Their tongues touch and Castiel shudders at the velvet taste. It’s sloppy and human and Castiel never wants it to stop.
Dean’s own soul brightens when he sits in a bar stool across from the woman. Castiel’s wings perk up, surprised to have found someone that might be good for Dean so quickly. The cupid remains quiet as he sits on the stool next to Dean’s, keeping his wings close to his body to not draw attention to them.
Taking a deep breath, Gabriel leans closer and puts a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “I think he does.”
Garth walks backward in front of them, nodding his head as he glances behind him. “He’d say yes.”
of her neck and muffled
“So, Cas… the homecoming dance is this weekend,” Dean offers.
Castiel chuckles, turning off the water and drying them off with a thought. “Let’s go to bed, then. I’ll watch over you.”
Tonight, he finds Cas sitting on the edge of his bed. He frowns slightly at the angel, taking in his button up, tie, and dress slacks. Castiel’s hands sit in his lap as he looks around the room. When he senses Dean, he jumps and stands up.
“I don’t just need you…”
“S’alright, Cas. You can just bring em back when you come back,” Dean says, offering a smile he hopes is encouraging and not awkward. “When are you coming back anyway?”
Dean stares into Castiel’s eyes, his lungs clenching as they hold each other's gazes. The silence is tense between them despite the background noise.
The fae laughs shortly. “That I did.” He glances up at Dean through his eyelashes. “Well?”
Jo snaps out of her argument with Ash, turning towards Dean with a grin so genuine it startles Castiel. Ash nods at Dean, arms still crossed over his chest.
what he’s doing, he’s squeezing Castiel’s bicep under the fabric of Dean’s henley. Cas doesn’t look away from his charge as the human touches him. Cas doesn’t tense up like either them expect. Instead, the touch causes him to relax. That warm connection comforts Castiel more than it should. He should be the one comforting Dean.
The plastic bag crackles as Dean opens it wider. He flinches at the sound, eyes widening as he takes in all of the underwear stuffed into the bag. “You’ve gotta be kidding me…”
Dean looks over the fae as he sets the bottle onto the bar. The fae gulps down the three shots and pours himself another set. He seems unbothered by Dean’s staring, though Dean supposes the fae folk are used to the attention. Too clean, too pretty, too bright for the dusty old earth of Ouroboros. Dean takes in the tuft of the fae’s hair, tousled more than the last time they’d met with Dean’s bar between them. The light speckle of five o’clock shadow that typically shaped the fae’s jaw has grown thicker, drawing out more grays than Dean noticed before.
“Everything alright?” Castiel asks, eyes searching Dean’s face for more signs of distress. Dean shakes his head, rubbing the back of his neck.
The angel changes his focus to the corporal forms in front of him. Lisa is a beautiful woman with laugh lines that accent her warm brown eyes. Her gaze stays on Dean for the most part, but she parts a curious glance in Castiel’s direction. Ben, however, can’t stop staring at Castiel. The young boy looks the cupid up and down, lips parted. He bounces on his heels a little, ready to break free of his mother’s grip. Castiel meets Ben’s gaze and offers a small smile as he pulls his wings tighter against his back.
Jo rolls her eyes when Dean winks at her, laughing to herself as she fills up a glass with beer. Ellen walks past her daughter behind the bar, pausing when she recognizes the man talking to Jo.
Castiel also looks around at the other people, tugging at each soul except for the minors. The cupid’s eyes stare off into the distance as he wanders through pairing after pairing. Most ended in a few weeks, 2 lasted for years before crumbling apart. Every time, Dean ended up lying on his couch holding a bottle of beer and mumbling to himself.
Dean doesn’t even register his shocked gasp. He’s too busy grinning at Castiel, days worth of worry now forgotten.
Castiel looks at Dean, eyes wide with surprise. “You are paying for my services as a cupid, Dean. I am simply doing my job.”
it. He swallowed, looked Dean in the eyes and told him the honest truth. Showed that shred of self-hatred, gave Dean another piece of himself for safe keeping. And he still knows that Dean kept it safely buried inside his mind where no one else could reach it. Every time Dean looks at him, he can see that spark of fear, that quick scan to make sure he won’t disappear on the brothers. That he won’t walk off and never come back.
“And if I can’t find Dean’s soulmate where he lives?”
“Should I discuss that with you, Gabriel? You are my employer.” Castiel stretches, bare toes curling on the cool kitchen tiles.
Castiel blinks, staring at the space beyond Balthazar and Gabriel. The words soothe him slightly, breathe life into the daydreams he wishes would stop. His voice is small when he finally says, “Please tell Dean I will visit him tonight so we can figure this out before I resume my duties tomorrow morning.”
Throwing on some flannel sweatpants, he avoids sitting back in his bed. Instead, he goes into the kitchen for coffee, glad he set up the automatic timer the day before. The dark liquid does it’s work to revive his brain cells and he goes to work in his office.
Castiel’s eyebrows unfurrow and his wings rise in confidence. This is his job, what Gabriel and Balthazar and His Father trained him to do. To help humans, to answer their prayers. “Yes, of course. Should we sit?”
Lucifer touches her with
The air in the cab is suddenly cold. Dean shivers from the leftover shock in his system, staring at the glowing numbers on his dashboard. He slams a hand against his steering wheel. “God dammit.”
After another awkward moment of silence, Dean smiles again and turns to leave. He reaches the door when his keys lip from his fingertips. Cursing, Dean bends over to pick them up, giving Castiel a perfect view of his ass.
“Alright, Dean. Drive safe.”
Humans wear dusty jeans and skirts, vests with deep pockets, gun holsters around the hips for comfort, shirts stretched around the armpits, and hats that smell of mothballs. The fae grasp the basics as if they only wanted to mimic the pieces of the puzzle. Their clothes are always clean, shiny and dust-free, and well-tailored. It draws the eye in, begging that someone taste their company. John always said it was part of their draw, the seduction. If Dean hadn’t seen the fae’s eyes, he’d assume the stranger is human based on clothing alone.
Castiel’s hands slide down Dean’s back, eyes opening when his fingertips touch the lace borders along Dean’s hips. He growls, a sound low in his chest as he flips them. Pressing Dean against the door now, Castiel bites the man’s neck to keep him from protesting. Pale fingers grapple with the button and zipper of Dean’s jeans as he sucks on the man’s neck. Dean quivers, hips jerking forward into the light touches. He throws his head back, resting it against the door with his eyes closed.
And with that, the younger angel disappears. Gabe shakes his head, cleaning up his dirty dishes as he waits for his cake to finish baking.
“Would you like a grocery bag for your clothes?” Castiel asks, picking up the folded pairs on the floor.
The corner of the fae’s lip quirks, an expression not yet directed at Dean yet. The human’s stomach lurches and he almost trips into the wall. Damn fae magic.
With a soft puff of air, the angel and the bag of clothes is gone. Dean can still smell a hint of ozone and sandalwood, scents he links directly to Castiel. It puts a smile on Dean’s face as he gets ready for bed.
There’s a flash of dark colors and Dean’s body slams against the opposite wall. The hunter grunts, head rolling as he looks up at the angel. Lucifer stands, straightening his tie and shaking his head.
“Yeah,” Dean responds, pulling out his remaining underwear from the bag on the table. “That would be helpful. Thanks.”
As he starts stripping the bed, Dean’s mind wanders along with the tune on the radio. Despite his nervousness and slight irritation with himself for being such a sissy, he’s excited. An angel is going to help him find his soulmate. Dean can’t help but grin as his washer cleans away the last of his one night stands.
Dean’s gaze locks on Castiel again, hope twisting in his chest until it feels like he could sing an opera and like he’s drowning at the same time. “Would you like to go with me?”
Instantly, Castiel’s senses are assaulted with the sensation of being in the Impala. His body
“Did somebody order a large pizza with extra anchovies?” Dean calls out as he shrugs out of his coat. A loud, short chuckle comes from down the hall. Dean smiles, taking Castiel’s coat as well and hanging it up next to his.
Dean blinks at the confidence in Castiel’s eyes, surprised the socially awkward angel could feel comfortable in such a scenario. Bobby snorts, waving his hand at Dean. “You got somethin to be doin, boy, not baby sittin a grown ass man.”
She will not have Earth. She will not have his Father. She will not have humanity. She will not have Dean.
Castiel squints at his charge, wings still relaxed as he considers the appropriateness of Dean’s request. His growing closeness with Dean doesn’t disturb him, but it pushes the boundaries of Castiel’s loyalty to professionalism. The angel nods after a couple seconds. “It will be another good opportunity to continue our search. So far, not many of the people you work with are compatible with you.”
“Dean, you called me at lunch.”
“I get that. My old man is Bible thumper in his own way.”
her. He wasn’t
The stranger stands only an inch or two shorter than Dean himself and somehow towered over every person in the barroom. Chin tilted up, accenting how the salt-and-pepper stubble crawls down a sharp jaw, the stranger stares down a pointed nose. From across the dining room, the stranger’s eyes meet Dean’s. The color immediately knocks Dean’s heart around his ribcage—bright blue. Like glamoured sapphires.
Not wanting to fumble with diction he knows will ruin the moment, Castiel moves carefully. He uses his grace to pull the latch under the seat, moving the seat backwards just as he straddles Dean’s lap. The hunter’s shock, the way his eyebrows rise and lips part, is worth the reckless choice. They’ve never fully kissed, and now the angel rests his weight on the hunter’s lap.
“Why?” Lucifer asks, raising Cas’s eyebrow just enough to accent the question without breaking his stoic expression. Dean nods, not surprised by the question. His body language remains open and confident, though he still appears a little uneasy.
Heading back into the kitchen, Dean lets out a deep sigh, rubbing his face. Benny stands by the oven, arms crossed over his wide chest. He raises an eyebrow at Dean. “Wanna tell me what all that was bout, brother?”
Their staring continues until Lisa’s goodbye reaches them both. Dean jumps back, causing Castiel’s hand to fall off his shoulder. Dean clears his throat and shows Lisa out. Ben looks between his father and the angel while rocking on his feet.
“Sure thing,” Dean mumbles, side eyeing the fae as he pours out the pint and slides it to the fae. Dean’s eyes stay glued to the man’s throat as he chugs down every last drop. With a slam of the glass on the bar, the fae shoves every last dollar he won into the glass.
Crowley elbows him. “Would if help if I dare you to?”
Resting his forehead against Dean’s, he can feel his every breath. He can hear his heartbeat as it settles. “Dean?”
The angel looks over the man’s head at the kitchen, mouth watering again. “I’ll have a bacon cheeseburger, well done, with fries and whatever you have on tap to drink.”
“You too, Dean,” Sam says, grinning at Jo and Castiel over Dean’s shoulder. Jo shoves her arm between the two brothers to wrap her arms around Sam’s waist.
As he lets the conversation flow around him, Castiel feels belonging for the first time since he left Heaven.
The words quiver in Castiel’s chest, the syllables of his own name filling him with light. The smile on his hunter’s face, the softness around his eyes, it strikes him. More beautiful than looking upon God at his creation. Castiel unfurls his wings. They stretch, filling the space around them. When Castiel wraps the appendages around them, Dean turns to see every inch. The inky color reflects different blues, each shade different depending on the angle. He reaches out and thumbs the arch of the joint. It jerks like a knee, causing Dean to chuckle. “Sensitive, angel?”
life. Raised his little brother with the help of Bobby and Ellen, opened up his own bar, made a place to settle down one day. At thirty years young, he did just that—besides settling down with a family of his own. Ouroboros ain’t the kind of place for gentle folk or gentle relationships. Yet he never thinks to leave, not with his father’s body buried out on the family ranch and Sam running the old place better than their old man ever could.
They keep moving like that, the air conditioning in Castiel’s apartment pushing cold air onto their skin. They shudder together, but neither complains about the breeze. The satin fabric barely containing Dean, the strain of his muscles creating an ache in his chest. Castiel breathes against his neck, hands clutching Dean as he takes on each strike of pleasure. The man on top of him moans, finger digging into Castiel’s hair. “Cas, I’m… fuck…”
The female host shakes her head slightly before facing the camera. Her smile is bright in comparison to the dark script that appears on the bottom of the screen.
Dean stares at the angel, eyes wide as he takes in Castiel’s frustration. The sudden anger in Castiel’s eyes makes his mouth dry.
They go around the table saying what they are thankful for, until it gets to Dean. Castiel watches Dean’s profile with wide eyes, leaning half an inch closer to the human as he talks.
Castiel watches the human laugh at him and smiles slightly. He’s glad he could bring his charge some happiness during their time together.The angel could sense Dean’s tension, could see the obsessive swirling of the human’s soul. Castiel gets out of the car, running his palms down the front of his worn trench coat. “Oh. Yes, Balthazar has always had an affinity for romantic movies. He finds the search for love to be one of humanity’s greatest conquests.”
Castiel bites the priest’s shoulder to keep from screaming as he reaches climax. The shock wave of pleasure and something akin to pain ripples through his grace, pushes itself from him and into Dean. The priest closes his eyes instinctly, the tornado of emotion coming from the angel ripping through his body. Dean arches up, moaning the angel’s name as all the tension inside him releases.
“That’s alright,” he tells the mother with his own smile before looking back down at Ben. “I am indeed an angel. Hence my extra appendages.”
He spots the freshman walking towards him, head tilted and a curious smile on his face. When he’s within earshot, Dean says, “Mind if I join you?”
Castiel closes his eyes, takes one last breath as himself, barely whispering the invitation.
The Roadhouse is a small bar. Laminate tables glimmer under the worn out light bulbs. Neon signs glow on the walls, giving the bottles on the liquor shelf flashing smiles. Castiel’s nose wrinkles at the smell of grease, his vessel unsure about how to react to food. Not many people loiter about, it being early on a Sunday. Dean makes his way around the tables towards the bar where a young woman with a strong gaze and a young man with a mullet stand talking. Castiel follows close behind, his grace reaching out to get a sense of the souls around them.
“Back again so soon, Dean?” Jo teases, hands on her hips.
“I got the same way my first week as a demon,” Dean admits, yawning again. “Not having to sleep screwed with my internal clock. I tried to push through, but eventually started lying in bed again, even sleeping sometimes.”
Taking a deep breath, Dean settles a couple more things before picking up his folder and flash drive for his presentation. He’ll be 15 minutes early, but he wants to make sure everything works before the board gets there. He stands in the doorway of his office for a second, squaring his shoulders before he heads to the board room.
“I don’t plan on ever leaving again,” Castiel whispers into Dean's shirt.
Castiel’s eyes widen at both Dean’s words and actions. He nods with a questioning smile. “That’s correct, yes. Not many people know that…”
Sighing and rolling his eyes, Dean moves to get out of the car. “Good to know that isn’t your choice in clothes. Whoever picked out that shade of pink loves Valentine’s Day and chick flicks
Dean nods, looking at his beer and spinning it in a slow circle. His stomach does a few nervous flips, but at least he knows Castiel is capable of reading him well enough to find his soulmate. Silence settles between them like a blanket of dust. Dean struggles to breath around the cracked dryness in his throat, so he takes a sip of his drink. Castiel leans back and away from his charge, sensing Dean’s discomfort.
Castiel’s craving to partake in such routines frustrates Lucifer. He would see a diner, or sit for a long period of time, or smell his clothes and just
of diners and cheap soap and leather
“Sam irritates you?” Castiel tilts his head and Dean scolds himself for thinking the movement is cute.
Gabriel turns to Balthazar, nodding towards Castiel. Balthazar sighs quietly and shakes his head. “No, Castiel. It does not concern your normal work. Gabriel and I were discussing another matter.”
The hunter uses the opportunity to do an uppercut, hitting Lucifer under the jaw. The angel stumbles back from surprise more than force, snarling. Dean stands again, dropping the dagger on the ground. He holds his hands out, eyes wide and pleading.
Shaking the thoughts from his head, Dean focuses his thoughts on the tasks at hand. He watches his hands methodically wash each dish, then dries them and puts them away. He wipes down the counter with a Clorox wipe, smiling at the finished product. He goes about opening all of blinds, letting late morning light fill the living room and kitchen. Outside the windows, the sun beats down on the parking lot. Kids race by, moms and dads hurrying to follow. A little noise from the small park across the street leaks into his apartment and his smile grows. He should enjoy a weekend alone. With Ben at home, it means he can do whatever he pleases.
The fae downs a shot, looking down the glass at Dean as he swallows. Dean ignores the heat in his ears, waiting for an answer. “I don’t see the harm in that. Thank you.”
Lucifer swings, too blind by anger and weak from fighting Amara to keep wasting energy keeping the human down. Dean ducks away, eyes narrowing but his expression still open. Cas’s grace starts to spark with energy, Dean’s words fueling his power.
Castiel’s grace shrugs and smirks slightly.
“You look like a damn cupid, man. C’mon, you can wear some of my stuff til ya go home.” When Cas continues frowning at him, Dean rolls his eyes and shoves the angel’s arm. “Please, Cas.”
Gabriel claps his hands, his grin making Castiel’s grace swirl uncomfortably. “As soon as you’ve finished your briefing with Balthazar and change into your uniform.”
“Yes, I would like to go to the dance with you, Dean.”
His brother shakes his head, both in their mind and in front of Dean. “You’re right ya know… The Darkness is gone. I took care of her earlier… And now, it’s time to take care of
Dean looks up at the bar around them, turning in his seat to lean back against the bar top. He scans the space. “He taught me to play ball, paid for Sammy and my school clothes, kept me off the streets. I was no older than seven when him and Ellen got married. We came here for dinner every Friday. Sam and I would play with Jo. We grew up together. And when we moved in together, it felt natural.”
Sam nods along with Jo’s words, just as curious. Dean had never mentioned having friends outside of work, and certainly never said anything about angels.  Dean sighs, rubbing the back of his neck.
Dean stops himself before he tells Castiel that he wants to tell his family that he’s looking for a serious relationship again, glancing at Ben as the kid finishes off his juice.
Gabriel nods, closing the cabinets. “Alright, lil bro. Good luck tomorrow.”
Their new silence doesn’t have the chance to sour because Jo sets their plates on the bar and refills Dean’s glass. As she pours, Jo raises an eyebrow at Dean. The man shakes his head, a silent later. Jo scowls for a second before leaving them alone again. Castiel watches the interaction, now noticing how their relationship mimics his own with Gabriel.
“So, the matchmaking went well today?” Gabriel asks before eating another spoonful.
This one night stand, this simple push and pull, it feels amazing. But the next morning, she’s gone. She kissed his cheek and patted his chest, politely declining breakfast. All that’s left is rumpled sheets that smell like cheap perfume and the aftertaste of her cigarette breath in his mouth. She wasn’t Lisa, wasn’t someone he can wake up next to every morning, wasn’t someone he splits his closet space with.
Castiel frowns, watching light reflect off their metal forks. He isn’t sure how to offer comfort, how to apologize for the fact his Father’s name was used to make him suffer. Before he can do anything, Dean continues.
The power Cas felt when fighting Amara, his hope, his faith, his dreams, his love, rushes through him. His grace explodes inside the shared vessel, color and light crawling through his veins. He rolls his own shoulders, unclenches his own fists, smiles down at his charge in the brightness.
“I do not understand what you mean,” Castiel says, biting the inside of his cheek like he saw Dean do seconds before. The pain takes him out of the moment, but then heightens every other sensation.
Ben looks between the angel and his father as he eats silently. Dean stares blankly at the angel. “Well, do you wanna come over here? You could meet Bobby and Ellen and Sam.”
Years passed and the two boys became close friends. Dean taught Castiel how to throw a baseball. Castiel tutored Dean in English. Dean was there when Castiel broke his arm falling out of a tree in his backyard. Castiel was there when Dean got the news of Mary’s fatal car crash.
Castiel sits on the swing next to him, carefully balancing himself so he won’t drop his creation. Slowly, he takes off the top of the container. He holds it out to his best friend, letting Dean look at the shiny glazed crust. All of his siblings’ advice runs through his mind, but he decides to settle on a simple, “Happy Pi Day, Dean.”
Castiel shakes his head, draping his coat over his lap. “Indeed, I am not.”
Dean’s eyes, half lidded but shining with something Cas can’t name.
Castiel cross his arms over his chest, fingers clenching around the sleeves of his trench coat. He watches Dean tip toe around him, closing the door and placing his laptop bag on the kitchen table. “It’s almost been a week, Dean.”
The business man winces at the proper title and he puts his hands up. “I’m Dean, nothing else.”
“Dean,” the other man answers, shaking Castiel’s hand. When they let go of each other’s hands, Dean kneels and lets Lucifer sniff his fingers before petting him. Lucifer purrs, arching into the touch. “So you’re the reason I’ve been commando for a week.”
“It is pretty heavy,” Dean says, voice a murmur.
Dean stands behind the bar, polishing glasses and watching the candles flicker. The sun peers through the slats in the walls as it sets, as if clinging on the last images of the sleepy bar. Charlie saunters between the tables, taking orders and giving them as she keeps the men and women corralled in their ease. Benny fries up some more beef patties while whistling along with whatever old tune Garth is playing. Sam sits up against the back wall, hunched over a book on fae history.
Rolling with his instincts, Castiel straddles Dean’s lap. He shivers when Dean’s warm hands hold onto his waist, thumbs brushing over his hip bones under his shirt.  Cas pushes closer, mouthing at Dean’s jaw.
Castiel’s lips turn down slightly at the term lost puppy, a change in expression Dean notices. “No, of course not. I do not have to be visible on this plane in order to search for your soulmate. I must stay by your side, but if it makes you more comfortable, I can remain invisible.”
One hand cupping Castiel’s neck, thumb rubbing soft circles into the man’s skin, Dean makes quick work of Cas. When he sees Castiel bite his bottom lip, he whispers, “Come on Cas, let go.”
At the end of the bar, a woman sits and watches a group of men play pool. Dean can feel her glance over at him when she thinks he can’t tell. His body starts to hum. He stands and walks over to her, charming smile decorating his lips.
Castiel looks up at his charge, shaking his head. “I can change before departing, Dean. I do not wish to steal your clothes.”
“Pick you up at 5 for dinner beforehand?” Dean asks.
Castiel glances at Dean from the corner of his eye, noticing when Dean stops folding. Tension radiates from the man, thick enough Castiel feels his chest tighten. He clears his throat and says, “Your girlfriend has great taste. These are very tasteful.”
“Balthazar and Gabriel seem to get along.”
“Since this is yer first Thanksgiving with us, Castiel, you wanna say what you’re grateful for first?” Bobby asks, everyone glancing over at the angel.
Castiel picks up his own fork, squeezing the warm metal and staring off into space. “You don’t believe in God?”
Dropping the pies off, Ash raises an eyebrow at the stoic expressions on their faces. Castiel shakes his head when the man looks to him, sending him away. Dean pushes the other plate towards Castiel. “Ellen has the best apple pie this far off the coast.”
Castiel’s wings rustle happily behind him at the request. Even though he never celebrated the holiday, he always felt jealous of humans. Thanksgiving’s about family, about coming together. He never was close to anyone else in the garrison besides Balthazar and Gabriel, and neither of them cared for the tradition. He always spent the day in his room, wondering if the molecules that make up turkey do taste better when in the presence of loved ones. He grins at Dean. “I would be honored to join your family for Thanksgiving.”
“The baby?” Dean hisses, hands sliding up Cas’s abdomen to his chest.
Though wincing from pain, Dean gazes up at the angels before him. He can see the devil in his best friend’s tense shoulders, in the sneer on his lips, in his white knuckles. But he can see Cas, his angel, in those blue eyes he knows better than his own face. There’s something soft there, something he knows is only there when Cas looks at him. Something he won’t actually admit is there. Something he won’t actually admit he feels.
Dean put the bag straps on his wrist, fishing for his keys in his pocket. Cold metal pressing into his palms, Dean smiles at Castiel.
Rubbing the back of his neck, Dean looks away. “Well… I was wondering if you already have a date.”
The woman stops short when she sees the light pulsing from Castiel. Anna turns to see what Castiel’s staring at and smiles. She stands to hug her mother. “The nice angel made my knee stop hurting, Mama.”
The baby blinks at him as if confused by his words, but Dean just scoops up some more of the pie and holds it in front of Creedance’s mouth. “C’mon, baby girl. Ya gotta like pie.”
The sudden appearance of other people in the room makes Castiel blink and look away from Dean. He notices that his heart beat is uneven. His eyebrows furrow and he puts a hand on his chest. His heart slows to a more even pace the longer he looks away from Dean and he wonders if he was picking up his charge’s nervousness. He shakes out his primary and secondary feathers as well as his head to calm down.
The sound of water splashing fills the kitchen as Gabriel starts cleaning his dishes. Castiel turns around and watches his brother work, still squinting. He pulls his wings close to his back, body stock still as he goes through his memories of training. The process of matchmaking is simple, but there is something special about soulmates. Something designated by God himself, and it’s beautiful. But every relationship creates a different reaction.
Castiel’s head tilts subconsciously, watching the priest’s jaw work. He gazes at Dean, eyes so soft it throws the man off. “That’s not true.”
Castiel blushes at Ellen’s surprise, raising his arm to gesture at the bottle weakly. “I wanted to thank you for inviting me into your home. I hope it suits your tastes.”
“Shit, Cas, please,” Dean gasps, rocking into Castiel’s hand.
A particularly distressed scream brings their attention back to the playground. Ben sits on the soft mulch with a young girl who’s crying. The boy frowns at the girl’s distress and he looks up at Dean and Cas. He tells the girl something the two men can’t hear, then runs across the park. Grabbing Castiel’s hand, Ben tries to tug the angel off the bench.
Dean swallows as he stares up at the angel. Castiel says nothing, head tilted down so Dean can’t see his eyes. And does Dean want to see those eyes. He wants to put his hand in Castiel’s, tell him that he’s sorry he messed this up. Nothing comes out, and Dean stays seated.
Closing his eyes, Dean lets the piece rest on his tongue. Flavor explodes from the sugar and flour and cinnamon and apples. Dean chews slowly, salivating as he thinks about shoveling more of the delicious pie into his mouth. He takes another bite, then another. He hadn’t had an apple pie this good in years. He stares at his best friend, eyes watering. He puts the pie container on the ground, his fork stuck in the top, then yanks Castiel off his swing into a hug. Castiel grunts, but wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders once he’s standing.
The young boy barrels into the room, making quick work of setting up three spaces at the small table by the window. Dean finishes the chicken and scoops the pieces into a bowl. When the humans sit at the table, Castiel stays where he is against the counter.
“Do you wish to talk about it?”
“Cupid Company’s approach to the matchmaking process is not based on statistics and personality quizzes. Instead, cupids rely on their grace to glance at two potential souls. If the souls react positively towards each other, the cupid delves further, going as far as looking towards the future to be sure the two people are soulmates. This procedure takes less than a few seconds and requires no interaction between you and the other person.”
Dean’s smile falters slightly at the reminder of why Castiel is actually with him. The man scolds himself for forgetting that he paid for the angel’s assistance, that Castiel isn’t there to make friends with him. Castiel is a cupid, not someone he’s supposed to take on lunch dates. He forces the smile to stay on his face and nods in agreement with Castiel.
+              +               +                +
Dean Winchester is a fallen star, dust and sparks that crash onto a familiar mattress. He holds his breath, waiting for the silence and shadows to form her shape. When Amara doesn’t appear, doesn’t stare him down, he lets the trapped air go.
Dean rolls his eyes, waving off his friend’s inspecting glare. “Ya ain’t my keeper, Benny.”
That grumbling voice soothes over the heat. Dean strains his ears to listen, biting the inside of his cheek. “Tonight, I’d like the whole bottle of yer finest whiskey, please.”
“So?” Dean asks, taking a long drink of his beer. Castiel mimics his charge, finishing the beer with an audible gasp.
The younger woman immediately pulls Dean into a bear hug, patting Dean’s back. Dean holds her tightly, picking her off the ground with a chuckle. When he puts her down, she turns her attention to Castiel. She looks between the man she sees as her brother and his new friend, holding her hand out for him to shake. “Nice to see ya again, Castiel.”
Dean smirks as he stands up. Looking down at Castiel, he winks and says, “I’m gonna go put these on. Where’s the bathroom?”
The sparkle Dean remembers from when they first met returns as the fae accepts his name for what it is: a gift of respect and trust. Or, at least, the semblance of it. “Goodnight, Dean.”
Lucifer grins, eyes bright.
Dean averts his eyes when Cas speaks. If he’s honest with himself, he doesn’t want Castiel to leave just yet. He just doesn’t know how to ask the angel to come back even after they find Dean’s soulmate. He still craved that warm feeling of coming home to someone, but somehow that need fades when Castiel’s around.
“Odd name ya got there. Castiel’s the angel of Thursday if I remember right.” Ash appears in front of the pair, placing a bottle of beer in front of Dean. Dean winks at Ash, popping the cap off against the counter.
Ash nods, putting his blank note pad in his back pocket. “You got it,” he says to the angel before turning to the open window and calling, “I need a hockey puck for Noah’s boy with a side of frog sticks.”
Dean’s gaze focuses on Crowley again and he stammers for an answer, for a comeback to get him out of it. But the other boys had heard it and started laughing. Benny smacks Dean’s shoulder, holding it for a second as he doubles over.
Grunting, Dean pads into the bathroom naked. He brushes his teeth, staring at his bed wrinkled reflection. His skin looks faded, like it’s lost it’s color. There’s slight dark spots under his eyes. He’s got laugh lines. He’s getting too old for one night stands, for relationships that lead to nothing. He rinses out his mouth and quickly showers. He washes away every trace of last night, letting the hot water help the cool ache he feels under his skin.
Balthazar and Gabriel"
+          +          +          +
The angel stares at his charge, lips parted in surprise. He looks at the wall above Dean’s head for a second before shaking his head. “I am restless. With my grace back I don’t need sleep, but the silent time while you and Sam are asleep makes me anxious.”
“That’s just because I’m better at my job,” Dean says mockingly, grunting in satisfaction when he starts to get balls into the pockets.
A memory of him and Dean appears in their mind’s eye. The older Winchester still wore his “monkey suit”, sleeves rolled up to his elbows in a way Cas found enticing. He avoided looking at his charge as he read John Winchester’s journal, but he could feel the bubbling curiosity inside Dean. When Dean told him to talk to him, Cas stopped breathing for a second. It was an honest request, one that Dean could garner nothing from. He couldn’t figure out how Cas got out of Purgatory for the moment, but he could take care of the angel. The hunter’s longing to fix him was so thick Cas could almost
“I was sitting in an empty church one day, wondering why I cared so much about school, about pleasing my dad. Wondering why it all mattered anyway, when I had to shoulder my dad’s bullshit. When I have to fight this.” Dean chews on the inside of his cheek, fixing his hair as he speaks. “And… I just felt warm… Like something bigger than me was there, touching my shoulder, silently telling me to don’t be a dumbass and enjoy what I have. To do what I do best, and that’s take care of others.”
Flying through Heaven feels like swimming on a sunny day. The surface of the water is warm, sprinkled with rays of light and the depths are cool, swirling shadows holding everything up. Castiel recalls the sensation from his last trip to Earth. The Nile stained his vessel’s skin with mud, his hair matted to his head. The warm coolness of that water reminded him of his Father’s power, the beauty of His creation.
“Maybe I could still come in and be your mysterious client.” The man on the other line took a deep breath.
“Morning, Father Novak.” Father Freely gave a genuine smile and turned so that Castiel could walk beside him. They walked together, sharing meaningless small talk. Castiel’s mind was a thousand miles away. He was hardly focused on the conversation as they sat waiting around for the children to arrive. Castiel would spend the rest of his day stuck in autopilot. He gave the children his utmost attention, but when it came to conversation he felt like he was watching himself from behind a one way mirror. He was almost relieved when the parents arrived to take their children away. He wasn’t normally this detached, but the accumulation of events he had experienced since arriving here had set his mind on a spiral. Who was Dean Winchester? What did he and his brother do? Why were they so knowledgeable in ghosts? Was it just ghosts? Were there other things that they were knowledgeable in that was otherwise shunned from the general populace? Why was he being targeted by this spirit? By the time Father Freely had said his goodbyes Castiel was ready to fall asleep on his feet from the mental laps he had been running all day.
“Hello?” A gruff, but not sleepy voice echoed in Cas’ ear.
“It’s an EMF reader. It tells us if there is any amount of Electromagnetic waves in the air, typically signs of an apparition or of a unmarked fuse box.” Castiel stared blankly at the device. It hadn’t done anything since they had entered the graveyard. Castiel was still apprehensive about all the new information. Sure he was a holy man, but he also knew his limits to his beliefs. He had wandered this earth for thirty years. In that time he might have seen something to indicate there were beings from beyond the grave wandering around, grabbing children and knocking down candles. Dean stood up and rubbed the back of his neck.
Dean watched enthralled as Castiel leaned in and was leaning himself over Dean. He could barely keep his eyes on Castiel’s as he looked at him with such an intensity. Dean let out a gasp as Castiel reached down to cup Dean’s straining erection. His cock was already leaking from the previous night’s fantasies piled on top of the way Castiel was currently leering down at him. Dean reached up to grab at Castiel’s shirt as he continued to give gentle tugs on his cock. Dean grunted and moaned into the angel’s shirt as he arched his back while Castiel gave a particularly good flick of the wrist. Cas removed his hand from Dean’s cock and Dean whined at the loss of contact. He had never whined before during sex, but this was different. Cas quickly removed Dean’s underwear and placed them with his pants in the front seat of the impala. Having Dean now fully naked in front of the angel and still no less clothes removed from the angel. Dean let go of Cas and hid his face in his elbow at the sudden exposure. Cas reached down and grabbed at Dean’s chin, forcing his elbow to fall away. Cas’ eyes scanned Dean’s for a long moment before he leaned down and gave a smoldering kiss. Dean would have melted had he not already been rock hard and leaking against Cas’ stomach. Dean reached down and started pulling at Cas’ shirt while Cas took his time kissing Dean. He would be frustrated in any other instance, but the way Cas was nipping and licking at his lips nearly stilled his hands. He broke away briefly to get some air which only seemed to urge Cas on more as he leant down to cradle the back of Dean’s head. He was using the same technique on his neck as he did his mouth, and it was sending shockwaves directly to his dick.
He didn’t have to wait long for a response as Dean answered after only the first ring.
“I want you to come in me.” Castiel took a moment to register the words coming out of Dean’s mouth before he started to move. Dean moved back until he was pressed up against the other door, Castiel following after him, closing the door to the rest of the world. Dean reached behind him to the travel sized bottle of lube currently digging itself into his back. He handed it to Cas and adjusted himself so that Cas would have some more space. He hadn’t been on the receiving end of the exchange in some time now and he forgot how cramped it could get with someone who wasn’t half your size. Dean put one foot on the side of the front seat and the other pressing on the sturdiest part of the now closed door. Castiel reached out to wrap his unlubed fingers around Dean’s cock and began a steady rhythm as his other hand started to tease and just press at the puckered flesh of his hole. Dean grabbed onto the back of the seat as just those motions nearly had him coming between them. Castiel was going slow enough on his cock that it would take him several moments to reach the same stage of climax as before, but that didn’t mean he was enjoying it any less. After Castiel’s first digit Dean had to still his hand as he adjusted to the feeling.
“Get some sleep. You can stay here.” Dean had his eyes closed when he responded.
“Thank you, Your Excellency. I wanted to do something to bring the community together for the season.” Castiel reached the lectern again, his eyes drifting up to the gallery. The figure from before was gone. Castiel couldn’t help the feeling of disappointment at having missed their departure. He tried to look around the Bishop to get a passing glance to see if he could pick out the leather coat he saw before. The Bishop saw his eyes flicker up to the gallery. Michael turned to look as well, the church nearly empty now, though Castiel could hear a few people in the chapel murmuring prayers.
“You must be the FBI agents?” They both nods. “But you’re not FBI agents.” Carey states. He holds his husband and child close to him. “But I don’t care as long as you get rid of whatever is haunting our home.” Dean nods and asks a few questions.
“If you keep staring at me, you’ll give me a complex.” Castiel looked up as he spoke, catching his eyes before turning to look down the sidewalk. There were a few people at the next crosswalk. Castiel could hear them chatting amongst themselves.
“I think I better get before Bobby thinks I’m in a gutter somewhere.” Dean stood up slowly, Castiel watching him as he did so. He agreed that it was getting late, but part of him wanted to stay up speaking with Dean. Castiel got up to escort him to the front door of his office.
After a while Castiel could tell that Dean was growing weary. Castiel pulled away as Dean gave a grand yawn. Castiel pulled back despite Dean’s rigid arms to keep him where he was.
“Yes. But she’s not dead, just,” Castiel watched as Dean stiffened a little. “Out of reach.” Castiel played with the handle on the coffee cup in front of him.
Castiel stood up, turning around quickly to see Dean walking briskly into the church followed by a taller man with medium length hair. Castiel threw away the glass in the garbage next to him before setting the items down and turning an inquisitive glance to the incoming men.
“That’s rather unfortunate.” Father Freely leant back in his seat as Castiel covered his arm back up with his sleeve and continued to eat. “Looks like we’ll be staying inside for today’s activities.” Father Freely crossed his legs and clasped his hands over his knee. “Are you settling in here nicely then?” Father Freely looked around at the little kitchen space they were currently in. “Father Thaddeus usually kept to himself back here if he wasn’t doing sermons. He didn’t engage with the community the way you do.” Father Freely’s eyes landed on him, something akin to delight in his eyes. Castiel answered by taking a bite of his toast. He didn’t want to engage in any gossip, it was the thing he hated the most about the priesthood. Gossip was ingrained into nearly every facet of society, why would that be any different just because the people behind it were individuals of God.
Another year passed, and Castiel didn’t see Dean Winchester. After six months he had started to think the worse had happened to the man. His prayers were almost always about Dean’s wellbeing that he would show up with his cocky grin and five o’clock shadow. Meanwhile he had been contemplating leaving the priesthood. He had spoke at length with Balthazar who could only offer the same advice,
“Deans go back to bed.” Dean ran his hands through his hair and shook his head. Cas calmly moved to place a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean looked up in complete shock. They stared at each other for a long moment before Dean shot forward and hugged Cas. Cas hugged him back. Dean pulled back and looked at Cas’ face. He leaned forward and placed his forehead on Cas’.
His doors were usually unlocked if he was here so that people could come and go as they pleased. He knew that faith didn’t always keep a schedule. He opened the door to the nave and looked around in the darkened cavern of the church. He grabbed the flashlight he kept next to the door and flicked it on, the moon not visible from its angle in the sky making the church seem much darker than usual. Castiel flashed the beam around the entirety of the church. He couldn’t see anyone in the pews. He shone his light up into the gallery, and still he didn’t see anyone. He stepped out onto the raised dais to try and get a better look at the whole church. Still there was no one. Castiel ran a hand through his hair. Some animals must have gotten in through the faulty insulation that made up the entire church. He mentally added it to the list of touch ups that the church needed. He turned back towards the hallway to his office and decided to try and get some sleep. He set the light back on the wall and locked the door behind him. He rubbed at his eyes as exhaustion finally started to pull on his eyelids.
“That’s good to know, I might need one if my brother insists on singing – “ Castiel paused as he listened outside. “ – The Weather Girls.” The man on the other line gave a small laugh.
“It looks like it’s gone for right now, but we have to be quick.” Sam said as he looked around the church, whatever was in his hand had stopped beeping. Castiel vaguely remembered Sam calling it an EMF detector from the other night.
“Yeah,” His voice was barely above a whisper, as if it was being withheld from him. “You can call me ‘Cas’.” They sat in silence for a long time after that. Castiel thought he could hear some sniffling from the other side of the partition, but he couldn’t be sure. “Dean?” Castiel broke the silence.
“Uh, no I kind of want to get back in.” Dean was surprised that he was even able to get a full sentence out with the way Castiel was looking at him. Cas’ eyes darted to the side of his face before he reached out and very carefully used his index finger to swipe under Dean’s chin. Dean watched as Castiel pulled his hand back and there was a water droplet hanging off of the tip of his finger. Dean wondered if it was the combination of fear and adrenaline that made him reach up and grab at the side of Castiel’s face. Dean shot forward, lifting himself off the dock to crash his lips against Castiel’s. The angel took a moment his thoughts about the current situation before kissing him back. Dean groaned as Castiel’s tongue pressed against the seam of his lips. Dean felt Cas’ tongue line the outside of his lips before Dean gasped to let his tongue in his mouth.
“Mine’s younger, even if he has two feet on me and is a moose of a man.” There was that distant voice again. “Yeah, yeah, get out of here. Would hate for you to be late for school because you over slept in your moose cave.” The voice again. “I don’t care about where they live, you don’t live here. Now go.” There was the sound of a door closing and then the man was back on the line. “Sorry about that.”
“My daughter.” Castiel did see the shock in Dean’s face this time. “Her name is Claire.”
“I don’t need to sleep as an angel.” Dean started to take his shirt off and threw it on the foot of the bed while Cas answered him. Dean looked at him, sans shirt, his hands resting on the button of his jeans. He wiggled out of his jeans, folding them up to set next to his shirt. Dean sat in just his boxers on the edge of Cas’ bed. Castiel took in the full sight of Dean stripped down in his boxers, his necklace standing out against his pale skin. Castiel let his eyes roam over his bare chest, skimming over the tattoo on his chest, taking notice of his dick at half mast in his boxers. Dean seemed to be preening under the attention. Castiel wanted to feel the way his skin would feel under his wings, but he only turned to sit in the chair by his window. Dean watched him as he did so while he settled under the blankets. Dean pushed himself back until his back was pressed against the wall the bed was backed up into. Dean pulled the blanket back, exposing the open side of the bed.
He set about starting breakfast before he went into adjoining bedroom and got dressed for the day. He was thankful that this post had a washer and dryer, even if they were of an older variety. If he needed clean clothes at his last church he had to take two buses to the nearest laundromat. It was an exhausting adventure to say the least. Castiel grimaced at pulling out the long sleeved shirt in his closet. While last night had been particularly chilly, he knew that today would be rather warm, and he had a summer activity planned for the children today. He had luckily been able to enlist the help of his neighbor priest, Father Freely. Between Deacon Neil, Father Freely, and himself he should be able to handle the sudden influx of children that seemed to appear overnight. While he didn’t mind the increase, he quickly realized that he could only effectively handle a maximum of twenty children on his own. He hadn’t had enough practice for any more.
Dean had one hand on the steering wheel and another digging through the box of cassettes in the passenger seat. He grabbed one at random and quickly switched out the two cassettes. Dean hit play and soon enough his car was flooded with a twangy crooning. Dean looked at the stereo in disgust as he pushed the eject button just as soon as he put the tape in. He scrunched his face in confusion as he read the label ‘Brooks & Dunn’. Sam must have left one of his cassettes in Dean’s box of 80’s hair metal. Dean’s fingers itched to take the cassette out, but something in the back of his mind decided to push it back in and listen to the start of the song. It started with a catchy hook and Dean had to even admit that himself. He had known his brother had kept a stash of country cassettes as he got more and more used to his brother driving the Impala. When Dean was driving, he knew Sam to keep his headphones in if they had lapsed into silence during the longer road trips. He knew he needed to update the stereo in her as the cassettes got older, they would simply quit functioning and he didn’t want to lose the ability to play music during those long hunting trips.
After watching Castiel’s reaction, Dean leant down and circled his tongue around the head several times, leaving it glistening. Castiel reached out to with his arms to grab the raised supports, Dean could hear a cracking noise as Castiel’s hands dug into the wood. Dean felt his heart stutter at the sight before he leant down and slowly slid his tongue and mouth over Castiel’s cock. Dean took a few deep breaths as it neared the back of his throat and used his hand to make up for the distance, his skills rusty in giving fellatio to another man. He watched Cas from his position, and it looked like the angel didn’t mind. Dean took a moment to gain his breath before he began to move his hand and head in tandem while his other hand reached out to gently cup Castiel’s balls in his hand. The angel let out a low groan that sent a shot of electricity straight to his dick. Dean could feel himself already stiffening and he’d only just begun again. He hadn’t even touched himself after his orgasm but watching Castiel was a thrill in itself. He gradually picked up his pace and changed up the way his fingers were toying between Castiel’s legs. The angel had his eyes screwed shut and Dean could hear the same creaking again as Castiel gripped onto the wooden beams. Dean worried for half a second that he might bring down the deck, but he was more consumed with the idea of getting Castiel off.
“That blows.” Castiel gave a twitch of his lips at Dean’s comment.
“No.” Castiel let out a sigh. “I wanna go home Father Novak.” Caleb said in a small voice. Castiel nodded. He got up and reached the landline that sat on the wall of the kitchen.
“Yeah, sure thing.” Something in Dean’s voice changed. Castiel didn’t dwell on it before the other man abruptly hung up the phone and Cas was left staring at the receiver. He put the phone back up on the hook before he rushed to get into the shower and changed into his day clothes. Father Freely would be here shortly and he wanted to be presentable before he did.
“I don’t know what your idea of a game is, but this is too far!” He snapped at the confusion in Dean’s voice. He took deep breaths to try and calm himself down, his nails scratching on the counter top.
Castiel was quick to finish his sermon and walked to the parish chest, signaling to Deacon Neil to follow him. They both wordlessly closed the chest and used the three keys needed to lock it before stashing each of their keys away. Castiel was quickly pulled away by a new couple that had joined recently. He had seen them at a few Masses, but they typically left before he was able to welcome them. Today they managed to pull him aside near the side chapel. They talked for a long time, they had recently been engaged and been looking for a venue and a priest to perform the ceremony. Castiel welcomed them back into his office to work out the finer details, shooting a glance at the Deacon who took stock of the couple before waving him off. A wedding was the perfect thing to get his mind off the odd man who passed like a ghost in his church.
Castiel helped the younger kids stay entertained. Most of the time it was trading stories, even if some of the younger ones were still working on how to formulate full sentences. He had some experience with younger children, but that usually was in regards to changing them or feeding them. They had managed to keep the kids busy for a few hours, they’re parents were required to provide them with a lunch since the kitchen here wasn’t stocked with food for nearly 50 people, let alone 50 growing children who seemed to eat endlessly. The kids would usually eat their whole lunches throughout the day rather than in one sitting. Castiel heard the clapping on the other side of the table and saw several kids pointing at another. Castiel heard Father Freely speak over the din of the clapping and then silence as the kids opened their eyes and they began discussing. Suddenly a loud chorus of groans fill up the otherwise quiet nave followed by laughing and a few yells.
That's it folks. That's the show.
“Uh, Cas?” Dean supplied, he took his hand off Castiel’s shoulder and instead rubbed the back of his neck with it. “Sorry it just, slipped out.” Castiel didn’t want to think about the implications of those words, so instead he stood up and turned to look at the pile of burnt jacket on the stonework.
“Listen, I know this sounds crazy, but I know you didn’t make those cuts yourself.” Dean pointed down at his arms, which Castiel reflexively crossed in front of himself. He suddenly regretted their presence within the church. “We just want to help. Like I told you, we help people.” Castiel was brought back to that sweltering day in Dean’s car when he told Castiel that they weren’t all that different. The man sitting in a short sleeved t-shirt, his chest adorned with an amulet and jeans that looked like even with a belt they strained to stay on his hips while Castiel was wearing black from head to toe, neatly tucked in and pressed against his body. His collar collecting the sweat dripping off of his neck as he fanned himself with his hat. They continued to stare at one another in the dim glow of the flashlight before Castiel uncrossed his arms from his chest and leaned forward, placing his head in his hands to collect his thoughts. Once he had thought himself into a circle he removed his hands, but stayed hunched over in the pew.
Dean looks tense when they appear before the Winchesters. His eyes are darker than usual, something about the shadows under his eyes suggesting he hasn’t been getting much sleep. His shoulders lower when Castiel appears. His facial expression relaxes, lips parting as he sighs in relief. Cas stares at them in his mind as Lucifer keeps their features stoic. His brother softens his body’s eyes when they finally land on Dean, something he never noticed he did before.
“You’re okay with this?” Castiel asks softly, fingers brushing over Dean’s bottom lip.
Laughter fills the kitchen, Dean leaning into Castiel’s embrace to keep himself from falling over from chuckling. His cheeks turn bright red, eyes shimmering when he looks back at the angel. “Never thought you’d be the type to make a move, Cas.”
“I love you…”
At the sound of the human’s name, Castiel’s heart thuds. The physical reaction startles the cupid and his wings pull closer to his body. He doesn’t react besides that, looking down at his knees.
“I’m thankful for Ellen’s good food, ‘specially the pie. I’m grateful for my family, my son, and my health. And I’m grateful for friends who stay by your side.” Dean holds his glass up, the others mimicking him. “Happy Thanksgiving, y’all. Now, let’s eat.”
Noticing Dean looking the outfit over, Castiel shuffles his weight. His charge wears a nice pair of dark jeans and a red button up, making Castiel feel slightly overdressed.“Is it too much? I was unsure about what to wear for such an occasion.”
“Yes, please.”
Now, Castiel doesn’t even bother waiting for Dean to unlock the door to his apartment. He motions his fingers over the mechanism, then shoves the door open. Stomping into the apartment, Castiel frowns at the clean counters and empty kitchen table. His wings pull taut, feathers bristling.
“I have never really interacted with humans before this point, either,” Castiel says, and Dean tries to get used to the low sound of the angel’s voice.  “Pardon my awkwardness as well.”
His lips tingle with whatever electric current coursed through Castiel’s body when they kissed. It tickled when he drank from the cold glass bottles. He stared at the black screen of the television, wondering if he should try to distract himself with mindless plot lines instead of thinking about
“Even if I admit my feelings for Dean Winchester, he doesn’t actually want me.”
Jo doesn't say anything to them, but gives them both a once over before departing. She dodges around the tables, helping customers and picking up glasses. Dean immediately picks up his drink and starts to down it. Castiel only sips at the cold liquid, nose wrinkling slightly at the bitter taste.
Cas threw the word attraction into the mix, looked at him with those blue eyes and just said the word he tried to avoid.
“Couch?” Castiel asks, using the one word to convey an entire question as he snaps the waist band of Dean’s panties against his skin. Yelping, Dean pulls back to nod. Castiel takes his hand, pulling him into the living room. Dean holds his jeans up, laughing at the ridiculous jingle it makes as he shuffles. Castiel blushes as he stops in front of the couch.
Behind them, Crowley, Benny and Garth laugh.
Crowley smirks the entire time, standing tall and silently taking credit for Dean’s new crush.
Gabriel looks up from his phone, eating more cereal. The sweetness explodes in his mouth and he smiles at Castiel. “You were out late.”
Even as Castiel leans into Dean’s chest, the conscious part of him pulls away. He uses his grip on Dean’s chest to push his charge away. Unable to look Dean in the eyes, he pants for a second. He has to let go of Dean, palms buzzing against Dean’s chest. Dean isn’t his; he’s looking for Dean’s significant other. Dean hired Castiel to look for his soulmate. Curling himself into the corner of the seat, Castiel’s wings pull forward to wrap around his front.
Bobby nods and looks up at Ellen, who watches over the conversation in silence. She nods in agreement with Bobby, reaching out and patting Dean’s cheek gently. “We just want ya to stay safe. Ya know. Live long enough to settle down, maybe even leave Ouroboros.”
“I love you, Castiel,” Dean whispers. He doesn’t lock up under Cas, doesn’t hesitate, doesn’t stumble. Instead, he feels calm, even smiles as he says the phrase.
it, like smelling a thunderstorm before the first drops of rain. The fae strides up to the bar, nods at Dean and asks for his customary drinks. He proceeds to the poker tables, which, despite being cleaned only a couple nights prior, still accept him. After clearing out every available pocket, the fae would drink his warm ale and leave every bit of the earnings on Dean’s bar.
“Think about it, Castiel,” Balthazar says, putting his hand on Cas’s knee. “Our Father wants us to love humanity, is it so crazy you would actually fall for one?”
The two men talk for a few minutes before Zachariah departs. Castiel’s muscles relax and he leans against the bookshelf as he sighs. Dean also slumps in his chair, holding his head in his hands. Castiel moves closer to his charge and puts a light hand on Dean’s shoulder as he makes himself visible.
Laughing quietly, Castiel nods. He begins working at the buttons of his shirt, watching as his own skin reveals itself button by button. The chilly air coaxes his skin into goosebumps that cover his back. Dean lightly traces the tense muscles, making Cas jump. Dean giggles, pulling his hand away and yawning again. His body rocks slightly as he gets more comfortable and closes his eyes. His words are slurred when he says, “”ere’s shirts in my ‘resser. You can use one if yer ‘old.”
There’s silence.
Cas turns his head to look at the man’s hand on his shoulder, but Dean is already turning the TV off and shrugging on his own leather coat. The soft smile that stays on Dean’s lips as they drive soothes Castiel’s own worry.
With his lips parted and hands clinging to Cas’s shoulders, Dean is more beautiful than Cas has ever seen him. They continue to rock together, Cas watching Dean's face with each movement. Dean meets Castiel’s stare, smirking a little at the awed expression. Dean drags his hips against Castiel’s, letting himself moan out the angel’s name while keeping eye contact.
“Dean?” Sam asks, voice alert despite his haggard expression and bed head.
The onslaught of desire and adoration pools in his abdomen and he rocks against Dean faster.
An older woman Castiel assumes is Anna’s mother starts running towards them. Her soul quivers with fear, seeing Castiel as a possible threat to her daughter. Cas smiles at her, letting his wings relax around him. He holds his hand out for Anna to take. “I can, yes.”
Castiel rubs his palms on his pant legs, watching his charge start eating his lunch. He sips at his coffee again, letting the taste distract him from the low hum in his grace from Dean’s unwavering stare.
“Thank you, Dean,” he whispers, not looking away from the sky as warm air tickles his feathers.
Dean smiles at the softly spoken word, kissing Castiel’s cheek as they settle against each other. Cas hums, staring down at the mess on his hand and Dean’s chest. He wipes his hand on his sweatpants and starts licking the come off Dean. The hunter sighs at the soft touch of tongue on skin, eyelids fluttering closed again. When Cas finished, he places a gentle kiss over Dean’s heart and settles down on top of the man’s chest. His stubble tickles and Dean huffs a laugh when Cas nuzzles him.
Dean wraps his legs around Castiel’s waist, laughing breathlessly at the show of strength. He kisses Cas softly, hands framing the angel’s face. He moans when he feels Castiel’s jean covered erection thrust against his ass. Breaking the kiss so he breathe, his eyes fall on the wings trembling behind Castiel.
As the man walks away, Castiel looks at his cat. Lucifer licks one of his paws, stopping briefly to glare at Castiel knowingly.
The sharp snort that comes from Dean confuses the angel. “I guess you would need to know, right? See if my future soul mate can handle my emotional baggage?”
Castiel recalls what he told Dean so many years before, when he first got him to pray.
He hits print, creating a mental reminder to take it with him when he goes to do his laundry.
“I’m Castiel,” he says, nodding towards Luci as he pads towards the new human. “That is the thief.”
Castiel doesn’t have the chance to actually test Jo and Dean's compatibility. Dean shoves Castiel’s arm, voice low and eyes darting around. “You doing that soul searching thing?”
Dean hands the wallet back to Castiel, grinning at the angel’s frown.  The priest stands, rolling up the long sleeves of his black button up as Castiel puts his trench coat on. Castiel stares as he does so, focused on the muted luster of Dean’s tan skin. Freckles dot Dean’s arms as well, and Castiel reaches out to draw a line between two with his fingertip. Pausing, the priest chuckles at Castiel’s actions, taking his hand and leading him from the restaurant.
Dean looks over at the cupid, once again surprised by the blueness of Cas’s eyes. He nods, unable to find the right words to explain the leftover joy singing in his veins.
“Well look at you two,” she says with a grin. “I’d hug ya but I don’t wanna ruin your nice outfits.”
However, he’s drawn to it now. A soft roar of water echoes through the hall as if all 7 of the showerheads are on. Dean’s brow furrows and he reaches into his bathrobe pocket. His hand curls around his silver switchblade. It’s ridiculous for that many shower heads to be running with only four people in the bunker. He presses himself to the wall as he approaches the door. It’s a swing door that used to have a squeak before Sam fixed it with WD-40. Teasing open the door with his toes, Dean peeks inside.
Dean waves a hand at the cupid as he picks up his coffee and hustles out the door. “Nothing really. You wearing pink just tickles me for some reason.”
“Ready to get back to work?” Dean asks.
Dean clears his throat and turns away from Cas just as there’s a knock on the door. Opening it with a grin, Dean greets his ex-wife and son with an excitement Cas doesn't quite understand. His curiosity zings through his grace. Reaching out, Castiel pushes Lisa and Dean’s souls towards each other. Logically, the cupid knows that the relationship had already failed. The possibility that Lisa still be Dean’s soul mate, however, makes Castiel’s wings tense. The couple’s history makes things last longer than the other bonds Castiel had witnessed during the past couple days. But within a few short months, Dean’s sitting in his office with a glass of whiskey in his hand. The heavy blues and yellows coating the memories makes Castiel’s throat thick and he immediately pulls back.
Dean blushes, heart skipping a beat at the word. He swallows, poking Castiel’s side and choosing to ignore the fuzzy feeling in his chest. He can feel Castiel’s own unanswered want pressing into his legs. Pushing Cas off him, he offers his own grin. Castiel raises an eyebrow, eyes widening when Dean pushing down his sweatpants. At the calloused touch of Dean’s palm, Castiel hisses, his skin sensitive.
“Would you like to try a piece?” Ben asks, holding half of his own fajita. The boy pushes his plate closer to Cas with his elbow. “You can have the other half of mine. Dad always eat all of his.”
A brisk wind through the open windows reminds Dean to inhale as the fae weaves between tables to the bar. Bobby side eyes the man, raising an eyebrow to Ellen. In the back, Sam is also watching, already spotting what Dean has by the smirk the fae wears. Everyone else in the bar resumes their conversations, ignorant of the fae in their midst. All the bar sounds have melted away for Dean, however. Instead, the leaves rattle outside the window— a cacophony that only settles once the man is seated before Dean.
Nodding along with the explanation, Dean carts his hand through the feathers close to Castiel’s left shoulder blade. The angel moans, a full sound like a cork popping loose from a wine bottle. Dean swallows as Castiel presses into his hand. “They’re amazin.”
Dean bounces on his toes for a second. “Great, I’ll message you on Facebook tonight. Talk to you later.”
Instead, Dean watches in wonder as the fae’s face never once flickers. Not a shred of joy, doubt, nor anger. Even as the other men around him raise hell, pointing fingers and slapping palms as if they could match the threat of guns, the fae stays seated. His winnings pile grows and tensions with it. If Dean didn’t keep a strict policy about firearms in his barroom, he’s sure the fae would be shot down.
Dean paces in his kitchen yet again as he waits for Castiel. He’s ready early today, anxious about some pitches he has to present to the board throughout the day. His laptop bag smacks against his hip as he moves, hands wringing the strap. His hair is slicked over to one side, his dress pants and blue dress shirt carefully starched. The stiffness of the fabric, the hard lines, it makes his skin itch. He knows he looks good, professional, like someone who knows what he’s doing. But the idea of presenting his work on  the brink of getting a promotion puts his nerves on edge.
For the past couple months, he’d attempted to feed the baby with no success. She’d spit out her food, pick it up in her tiny fists, fling it out onto the kitchen floor. Dean always ended up giving up halfway through, handing the jars of baby food to Cas. The former angel could coax Creedance to actually eat rather than finger paint with the mushy foods. Whenever he watched, a metallic taste settled in his mouth. Dean had always wanted this, a home and a child and someone who loves him. But he still has nightmares. Demons will come. Or vampires. Or werewolves. Or shifters. Or himself. He’ll drop her or accidentally drown her. He’d somehow hurt the kid.
“Oh! Come in, come in.” Castiel steps back and gestures to the inside of the house.
Castiel nods. “They are similar in demeanor, yes.”
Gabriel hums in agreement, standing to face Balthazar head on. He waves around the lollipop like a baton as he says, “I think Castiel should take this one.”
Swallowing, Castiel looks down at the fabric covering his chest. It no longer smells like the human, but the knowledge that it once did comforts Cas. He considers wearing the shirt when he goes to face Dean to keep him steady, but decides that it would probably startle his charge.
Castiel takes his time in his explorations of Dean’s body even though he already knows every inch of his former charge. He rolls the base of his palms against each knob of Dean’s spine. The small points of pressure make Dean arch his back like a cat and moan against Castiel’s skin. The fallen angel smiles, tangling their arms so he can grab Dean’s ass. When Cas squeezes the soft muscle, Dean huffs and leans closer. A lazy rhythm starts, Dean letting Cas pin him down against the mattress and rocking against his lap.
“Follow your heart,” Mildred told him. She patted his chest, and he thinks of how void of scars he still is. It’s been years since Castiel pulled him out of hell, but he’d lost decades worth of nicks, scratches, cuts and gashes. Cas had cleaned his skin of every mark, but left every freckle. Dean sometimes found the angel whispering numbers to himself, counting the dusting on his cheeks. Dean’s chest feels tight at the thought.
“Congrats, lil bro! You’re gonna help a human find his soulmate.”
It’s a small town with rustic looking buildings. Cars motor past, people waving at each other from behind their windshields.   Castiel smiles as he passes by them, holding up his right hand whenever they gesture at him. Its late afternoon on a Friday, everyone on their way home from eating out or going out to celebrate the end of the week. Castiel always marveled at how humans spend their days of Sabbath, taking opportunities to try out these activities for himself.
Castiel stares at the priest, blinking multiple times as Dean continues to laugh. He waits for the priest to stop laughing, to tell him that’s not possible, to go into shock. After a couple more minutes of Dean chuckling to himself, Castiel realizes that Dean’s not going to do that. The priest believes him, had seen and felt his grace for himself.
Dean chuckles at the bright red color of Cas’s cheeks, brushing the freshman’s jaw with his thumb. With a quick wink, Dean says, “Damn, Castiel.”
The guy opens his mouth a couple of times, looking at Castiel’s feet for a second before actually speaking. “Hi, I… uh saw your flyer in the laundry mat? I’m actually missing quite a few pairs of my underwear…”
Now it’s their senior year, and Castiel has to pull out all the stops. His mother always told Anna “the fastest way to a man’s heart is through his stomach” while she cooked dinner for their large family. Castiel reasons this technique applies to Dean as well, who eats his body weight in food every day to keep up with his growth spurts. Since their sophomore year, Castiel started questioning his feelings for Dean. The platonic affection, the longing to be share time together still exists. But something else started growing in his chest, crawling its way between his ribs, wrapping around his lungs. Every time Dean’s hand brushes against his, or when he smiles only at Castiel, it squeezes the breath out of him. He tried to pull out the weeds, refused to name them, and forced himself to think about other things. This year, however, he struggles to do that. He decided a couple weeks ago that it’s time to tell Dean about this new feeling.
A single black sock. That’s what Castiel finds in the middle of the hallway one morning as he gets ready for work. Raising an eyebrow, the man kneels and picks it up. He owns quite a few black socks of the same caliber, and figures he’d dropped it on his way from the laundry room to the bed room while doing laundry. His cat, Lucifer, meows and stalks away with his tail high in the air.
Once again, Castiel tilts his head in confusion. The angel squints at his charge, mind racing as he tries to understand the motive of the invitation. “You wish to begin our search now?”
The fallen angel cups Dean’s face, pulling him in for another kiss. This time, Cas licks into the hunter’s mouth. The taste of cherries causes him to hum as he moves his hands to Dean's hair. He pulls at the short bristles, smiling against Dean’s lips when the human gasps.
Ben immediately starts shoveling a mixture of the ingredients onto a tortilla, unaware that the angel hadn’t joined them. Dean, however, stared at Cas.
Castiel stops breathing. His heart drops when he looks up at Dean’s smile. Castiel sends a rushed message home, a warning that he’ll be on earth for a while longer. He doesn’t think about what his brothers’ reactions may be, just grins at the priest lying underneath him.  His grace warms at the thought of sleeping for the first time next to one of God’s children.
While he doesn’t have much hands on experience with such activities, Castiel has been around long enough to understand what he wants and how to do it. His teeth scrape against Dean’s sensitive skin as he sucks hard.
“Told ya. I’ll let Benny know ya enjoyed it.” Dean doesn’t immediately push off the counter, still watching the fae eat in silence. His heart beat fills his ears, palms starting to sweat the longer he stares at the fae.
Check: when no player makes any bets (after the initial call). If a player makes a bet, all other players must either call or fold.
The angel sucks on the priest’s tongue, quieting his words, taking them from him. His grace pounds with his heart beat, leaking through his eyes, through his fingertips. His touch burns against Dean’s skin, pours his wonder and longing and ache into the man. Dean stares up at the angel, lips swollen as they continue to move together. Castiel still holds onto his hair, eyes clenched shut as he rocks faster. Dean notices the blue hint to Castiel’s skin, watches in hazy amazement as it grows brighter. Before he brings it up, he’s clutching at the angel, whispering his name over and over. “Come on, Cas…”
Zachariah sneers at Dean over the expanse of his desk, eyes like glass marbles. Castiel steps away from the man when he sits in the chair across from Dean. The man’s soul is twisted, pulsating with greed and it makes Castiel’s stomach turn. Unused to physical reactions to disgust, the angel wraps his hands around his stomach and focuses on Dean instead. Dean’s face is professionally neutral as he speaks with his superior, but his soul curls away from Zachariah as well.
During the beginning of the week, Dean and Cas went about their normal routine at the office. Castiel checked a couple bonds again to be sure they wouldn’t work. The sour flavor to the bonds continued, but Dean’s excitement over Thanksgiving made it easier to ignore.
Castiel grins at the man, watching him in his peripheral as he scoops up a piece from the plate. He sniffs the bite first, before taking the fork into his mouth. Some of the filling smears on his lips, but he leaves it, focused more on the taste in his mouth.
Table completely set, Ellen calls Bobby and Castiel into the dining room. They all sit at the table, Bobby and Ellen at the ends, Jo and Sam across from Dean and Cas. Castiel takes in all the food before him: turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes, biscuits, mac and cheese, cranberry sauce, cider and wine. Dean watches the angel’s awe, giggling to himself as the wine is passed around.
Castiel offers a smile in return. “Thank you, Gabriel. I will see you later tonight.”
Dean nods, eyebrows rising in question. He gestures at Baby, shoulders braced even more to prepare for possible rejection. “Can I give you a lift?”
worried and wishes to apologize to you.”
“I am. I will be,” Lucifer answers. In their mind, Lucifer raises an eyebrow at his brother.
Castiel stares at his older brother, frowning. He glances at Balthazar, surprised to find the other angel giving him a similar curious expression. There’s another moment of silence as Cas gathers himself. He’d spent the past three days trying to tell himself to ignore his feelings, to pull himself together enough to face his charge again.
It’s not just that though. It’s how the angel looks at nothing but him when they go out together. It’s how Cas tilts his head when Dean makes a reference he doesn’t understand. It’s how Cas smiles at the people around him when he does look up. It’s how his nose scrunches up when he drinks black coffee.
The fae uses the back of his hand to push aside the glasses and pull the plate towards himself. Dean leans against the counter, crossing his arms as he watches the fae take his first bite. His expression changes from one of tipsy stoicism to tipsy surprise. The lines of the fae’s face are blurred but easy to read.
Castiel sits up, his bones shocked by lightning. He puts his fingers under Dean’s chin, forcing him to meet his gaze. “Dean, your sexual orientation hardly matters to God. You’ve been buried in your father’s insecurities and lies to not even realize the truth. The only sin here is your own murder.”
Castiel moves his gaze from the collar to Dean’s eyes, still surprised. The man stares back, clearing his throat. Castiel shakes his head, pressing his lips into a line. “My apologies, Father.” Castiel holds up his half empty glass in salute. “Congratulations.”
Smile still on her face, Ellen makes her way back to the kitchen to help the chef. Jo brings Dean a plate with a burger and some fries. “Thanks, Jo.”
Castiel smiles wider. Hand still in Dean’s, he thinks that "I love you" has never been conveyed with such sincerity as it was in that phrase.
The sound of his name makes Dean stop his apologetic babble. He swallows and nods, turning down his eyes once again. The fact Dean, someone who always came off as confident despite his insecurities, can’t meet his gaze makes something shift in Castiel. Dean’s features soften in the afternoon light, the dusting of freckles across his cheekbones more apparent when the human blushes a light pink. The man’s fingers shift on the table and Castiel can see the scars there, can see the life Dean’s lived before this. And instead of becoming more determined to find Dean someone he deserves, he remembers Gabriel’s words.
Castiel kisses Dean’s temple, stroking the base of his skull with his thumb. “I’m here, beloved. Come for me.”
+          +          +          +
Dean sighs contentedly in his sleep. He’d finally filled that hole.
Bobby grunts and downs his other two shots. He taps the glass on the bar, and Dean splashes more into the glass. “It don’t matter. Quit yer starin. You, too, boy.”
They don’t speak further as Dean takes them to the bar. Instead, Castiel watches his charge drive. The wind flicks the man’s short hair onto his forehead in a style Castiel thinks is called “bed head.” Dean’s green eyes scan the road carefully, but his shoulders slump inward. Calloused hands pat the leather steering wheel in time with the rock songs playing. Castiel nods his head along with the steady beat of the songs, their melodies flitting through his grace in a familiar manner. As he takes in the entire scene, Castiel decides that Dean needs someone who would also be willing to take long drives. Someone who would share his love of the open road.
When Dean meets his gaze, he squeezes a little tighter. Dean’s pupils pulse with the touch, his lips parting more when he gasps. The two moan and move together, and it reminds Castiel of how entwined they were in hell. Dean’s soul pressed against his grace, they shone bright and happy and clean of the dark around them. They’ve reached that again, so full of the other’s heat they can’t feel the cold anymore.
flush chest to hip. The touch makes Cas shiver and clench his fingers against Dean’s shirt. Dean rests his forehead against Castiel’s, eyes closed as the idea settles in.
It’s a storm strong enough that it could exist in the angel. The electric flash of the lightning reminds Dean of the angel’s eyes when they burn with grace. The hunter glances at his best friend, quirking an eyebrow. “Never seen a storm this bad before?”
“Who is?”
The cupid startles slightly when he’s directly addressed. No one’s ever called him sweetheart. It feels odd to consider himself a sweet organ, but he doesn’t comment on the woman’s diction. “No thank you, I do not require sustenance.”
“Cas? Cas are you okay?” Dean asks, hoping he can break through Castiel’s dazed and frozen state.
……………………………….
While Dean orders his food, Castiel tilts his head. It’s clear to him that the three have known each other for some time. He notices how comfortable Dean is in this environment. His body leans closer to the people he speaks with, his shoulders still slightly slumped, his breath even. Dean’s soul even pulses.
“You rented a cherub off Craig’s List?” Jo asks, putting her hands on her hips. “You can’t just pay some random angel to follow you around looking for your ‘soulmate’. It doesn’t work like that.”
Snorting, Dean pulls up an online pool game on his computer. Ben had shown him a game similar to this one the last time he visited, bouncing excitedly in Dean’s desk chair as he brought up the game. Dean clicks away at his mouse, tongue sticking out as he tries to time his shots.
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel says, rubbing his sweating palms on his trenchcoat. “If you do not approve of me taking on this position, I am happy to report back to my employer and request for another cupid to assist you.”
Castiel’s eyes brighten, or so it seems to Dean. He reasons it’s the sunlight, rubbing the back of his neck as the freshman sits next to him. The other boy wears a black button up, the sleeve rolled to his elbows. His faded blue jeans make the outfit more casual than his previous choice of dress pants. Dean notices a flash of white as the boy positions his legs under him. Castiel opens his water bottle, gazing at Dean and raising an eyebrow.
Cas doesn’t hold her hand for long, shaking it once before stepping back. He then kneels in front of Ben so they’re close to the same height. He offers his hand as he did with Lisa. “Pleasure to finally meet you, Ben. Your father speaks highly of you.”
Responding to the subtle transition in body language, Dean steps closer. His fingers twitch, as if he wants to reach out for the angel and Cas’s grace pounds like it has it’s own heartbeat.
Dean relaxes then, stroking his thumbs over Cas’s nipples. He grins again when the angel gasps at the touch. Cas rocks down against Dean's lap, pulling back enough to kiss the hunter again.
Dean pats the side of the house in quick beat, then recedes into his bedroom. Castiel can hear his pounding footsteps racing down the stairs and John Winchester yelling at him to stop stomping around. Dean rolls his eyes as he throws open the front door. He steps out barefoot, frayed jeans swinging around his pale feet. Castiel holds out the container to Dean. Dean looks at the blue circle, smiles, and nods for Castiel to follow him.
“My dad was overseas at the time. 2rd tour with the Marines. When he came back, he went crazy. Drank all the time. Took on more tours. We were worried bout a dishonorable discharge. My dad’s friend, Bobby, took us in.”
Castiel blushing slightly. His shoulders tense when he realizes he might have crossed a line by staring at the wings.
Dean chuckles, patting Castiel’s shoulder as he walks past the angel. “You look nice, Cas.”
Hours of talk and lounging around the living room pass in slow motion for Castiel. He’s seen many spectacles, but the show of this human family’s holiday proves to be the most interesting thing he’s seen. When Dean decides to depart, it’s dark outside. There’s a soft chill to the air, giving their goodbyes shape. Ellen does hug Castiel before he walks down the steps, thanking him for coming. The moment makes his grace pulse again and he grins at all of them.
The hunter stands straighter now, meeting Cas’s eyes again. He’s ready for Cas to reject the statement or to prove he’s right. Cas’s grace stretches in their mind, and he wishes to alleviate the weight on Dean’s shoulder. To tell him she’s finally gone, to erase that blemish from his memory, it would make Dean feel better. It would make everything Cas has done worth it. His grace pleads to Lucifer, barely touching the outer edges of the fallen archangel’s power. Lucifer sneers at the contact, at the notion of comforting a human.
Dean nods, watching the waiter go and rolling his eyes before turning back to Castiel.
Castiel follows him silently, standing in the corner in the far back as Dean sets up. He makes himself visible to show Dean where he stands, leaning against the wall. “I’ll be here the whole time.”
“You’re not from ‘round here, are ya?” The man looks Castiel up and down, biting his bottom lip a little. Castiel blushes slightly, staring at the bar.
Castiel takes the chance to take in his surroundings. The building is nice, the air cool. The air pushing out from the vents tickles his hair as he follows Dean through the maze of cubicles. The human casually greets person after person, his smile as bright as his soul. Dean’s comfortable with these interactions, even playfully winking at a secretary as he passes her desk. Castiel pauses, tugging at both their souls to look into their connection. Dean’s soul sours around the secretary's, the color of their future moments a sickly yellow with sparks of maroon. Castiel frowns and pulls his grace back, wondering why Dean would flirt with someone he couldn’t possibly be interested in.
Wings and fingers trembling for space, Castiel opens the window. As wind hits his face and pushes through his feathers, he sighs. Dean glances at the angel again, noticing how much more comfortable Castiel is with the sense of speed around him. With no one around them on the road, Dean presses a little more on the gas. Baby cruises at an even 75 as he rolls down his own window.
Nodding, Castiel nuzzles the man’s chest. He tilts his head up to glance at the man. Dean doesn’t appear uncomfortable. In fact, the soft pink color of his cheeks and brightness in his eyes suggest otherwise. “Can I take you out to dinner tonight?”
“Delicious,” Castiel hums, eyes darkening when he notices Dean swaying closer to him.
Lucifer glances at the memory in his peripheral, his trademark smirk a lie on his face. Castiel can feel his brother’s sympathy, his empathy. They were one in the same, one just chose anger-fueled vengeance over finding love and beauty.
They lie like that, clothes still askew as their heartbeats slow. Dean hums as he absently rubs his fingers through Castiel’s hair. They don’t say a word, basking in the silent aftermath. When Dean’s stomach emits a low grumble, both men smile at each other.
“Jerk!” Sam retorted, throwing the cup at Dean. Dean dodged it, making it hit Cas. Dean took it away and stood up, stretching. Sam grumbled around the hotel room. He pulled out a salad from the fridge and began to eat it. He started off with the investigation at the sister’s house. “The house was clean, but there was a hidden door to the basement. It looked like it was somehow installed after the house was built. There were a bunch of dead dogs all in various states of decay. Some with heads some without.” Sam took a minute to eat. Cas looked at Dean.
The sound of a closing door woke both Dean and Cas up. Dean sat up looking around with his eyes still closed. His hair was a mess, and his muscles were sore from sleeping in one spot for too long. Cas fluttered his eyes and groaned at the harsh morning light. His shirt collar was popped and covered from his nose down and his sleep ridden eyes tried to take in his surroundings. Dean scrambled out of bed and a serious of pops sounded off as he stretched. Cas saw Sam walking around the motel room in a suit, carrying a bag of food. Dean took a couple sniffs of the air and walked blindly to the kitchen where Sam put the bag of food down. Dean barely had his eyes open when he reached in the bag and pulled out a breakfast sandwich. He took a bite, sitting down in the chair before he opened his eyes.
“Cas, what the fuck?” Cas couldn’t help the smile that filled his features.
Sam blinked, shaking his head before pulling out a file from under his arm. He sat down at the table, clearing room for himself. He opened the file and pointed to the image. It was of a woman. She was missing half of her face and she looked like she had been screaming when she died. Her mouth was open, but her eyes were closed. Dean scowled and set his food down. Cas continued to shovel more sandwich in his mouth. Dean gave Sam a bitchface which Sam ignored.
“Hi.” Castiel drawled. The man on the other line was silent for a second, but Castiel didn’t let that deter him. “I got your number from the bathroom stall at the
“When we were charged with taking care of this world we decided that standing out as angels would only make us targets and defeat the purpose, so we all took up mantels of priests, bishops, and cardinals to administer ‘miracles’ as was seemed necessary.” Castiel saw Dean’s mouth open for a moment before clicking shut. “No, he’s human. None of us were willing to put ourselves in that high of a power amongst the human population.” Castiel felt a barely there smile work its way to his lips. “We wiped our memories as to not draw any attention to ourselves in case someone may or may not have suspected with any weight to their accusations.” Castiel took a few more sips while Dean seemed to process the information. He finally put the cup to his lips and took a tentative sip of his tea.
“You’re voice is intoxicating.” Castiel kept pumping his hand around his cock as he wished he could feel the man against him.
“What do you mean by strange?” Dean looked in interest at the man. Cas looked around the house. He saw Caleb come flying down the stairs, his eyes wide and his face pale. He jumped over the arm of the couch and curled up on his father’s lap.
“Again?” Dean reached down to palm Cas through his underwear again.
Dean walked to the nearest bed and dropped Cas. Cas bounced a little on the comforter and gave Dean a half-lidded smirk. Dean leaned down and ravaged Cas’ lips. Cas broke away for air, looking over at the motel room door. Dean followed his gaze. “What?” Dean piped up between breaths.
Castiel moved so that he was now straddling Dean’s lap, his hands on either side of Dean’s head as they continued to deepen their kiss. His heart couldn’t stop beating rapidly against his ribcage as he seemed to remember that he was kissing Cas and Cas was kissing him back. He had known for a while that Cas had had physiological responses to stimuli as they had witnessed during their interesting interaction with the angel’s discovery of porn, but what he didn’t know if he also experienced the same desires that came with the same stimulus. Dean would be lying if he didn’t admit that he had been shocked with jealousy at watching the angel grab at Meg, having learned a few things from the ‘pizza man’ as Castiel had explained. Dean had spent a few nights stroking himself in a maddening flurry as he replaced Meg with himself and wished he could have been the one pinned by the angel. Now he had the angle straddling his lap, grinding his hips into Dean’s bare ones and it was making his eyes roll into the back of his head. Dean couldn’t even be overly disturbed by the fact that they were outside for anyone to stumble on, and also that Castiel’s dry clothes were sticking in a slightly uncomfortable way to his wet skin.
. And an arrow indicating somewhere to the right. Dean, feeling the sweat cool on his forehead and the way his shirt was practically clinging to his torso, decided to keep his eyes peeled for this ‘dock’ that the sign had advertised.
Cas reached down and palmed Dean’s cock through his jeans. The movement kicked Dean’s hand into gear, and he began to run his hand from base to hilt. Cas unzipped Dean’s pants and pushed his pants and underwear down enough to stroke Dean’s cock. Dean threw his head back and Castiel’s name fell from his lips like a prayer.
But to have Cas stand toe to toe with him with his piercing blue gaze and his pouty lips made the teenage boy in him flush and giggle. He feigned his annoyance to keep from reaching out and pinning the angel to the nearest wall to run his hands through his permanent bed head and debauch the suit that he never changed out of. To take his tie off and have it stuffed in the mouth of the arrogant angel. Dean shifted his weight and his pants rubbed against his burgeoning erection. He let out a sigh as the friction eased some of the tension. He should have felt guilty doing something like this, getting aroused at the thought of a literal angel of the lord, but he was here, alone with his thoughts and the fireflies and he just wanted to rub himself into his jeans to release the tension that had been boiling within him for well over a year now. Dean leaned back on the hood of the impala and put his hands behind his head to will his erection to go away. He looked up at the way the fireflies and the stars started to blend into indistinguishable lights in front of his eyes.
“I’m looking at your soul.” A brief wave of fear skittered across his face before it was replaced with genuine curiosity.
“Caleb.” Dean nodded his head.
“Hello.” He tried to clear the sleep from his voice as he answered the phone.
“Welcoming lot.” Dean grumbled. Sam nodded in reply. Cas looked out the window at the dusty town. His hand was shaking slightly. He didn’t want to worry Sam and Dean, so he put his hands between his thighs.
“You always sing
“I am not ready for round two if that’s what you’re looking at me for.” Castiel tilted his head slightly before looking down at the both of them. He looked back at Dean before he reached up and snapped his fingers. Any mess on either of them was cleaned and he had to assume that the mess of his seats was also gone. Castiel reached behind him and opened the door, stepping out stark naked only for a moment before he snapped again and he was clothed, looking just the same as he had arrived. Dean felt a stab of something in his chest at the sight, but he pressed it down.
“Looks inviting.” He got out of the car and fixed his tie. He walked around the car and Cas was walking on the sidewalk to the front door. Dean caught up easily with his long legs. He rang the doorbell and waited a few minutes before ringing it again. They were greeted by silence. Dean looked around before stooping to jimmy the lock. Cas looked around for signs that anyone might come by. Dean sat with his tongue between his teeth as he tried to get the lock to unlock. Finally, with one last twist the lock clicked open and Dean tried the handle. The door swung open with a creak. Dean looked around the neighborhood as Cas walked into the house. The house was old and smelled of mold and filth. There was a good layer of dust on everything. Dean went into the living room, hand on his gun, but not grabbing it until it was necessary. Cas walked into the kitchen. There were papers all over and not a trace of anything that might be relevant to the case. Cas spotted a few business cards on the table. Dean come in through a door on the other side of the kitchen and shook his head. He looked at the business cards for a second.
“Thank you for your assistance.” He reached his hand out to shake their in gratitude. Sam reached out first to grab his hand in his large grasp.
“Father, something of the boy’s was left behind.” Sam said as he got closer, the EMF once again going silent. Sam was careful to pick his way to the other two men as the darkness was all encompassing in the church. Castiel could hear the wind raging outside as it caused the tarp on the window to dance noisily next to them. “Have you come to possess any new items recently? Something that would have been rather old?” Castiel took deep breaths as Dean moved to stand behind him and keep an eye out for the boy in case he appeared again.
“I pulled my brother out of college to work on the family business.” Castiel let the other man talk, seemingly having this be his only outlet. “He was going to law school.” Castiel put his head down a little as he listened on. “See, our dad…. passed a few years back and I…. needed help running the business.” Castiel let the niggling suspicion at the back of his mind fade into the farthest reaches of his mind as he listened to Dean’s confession. “And our business nearly killed him.” Castiel could hear the choke in Dean’s voice as he continued. “Did I do the wrong thing bringing my brother back for the sake of the business?” Castiel clasped his hands together between his knees as he listened to the way Dean forced out his words.
“And what if I want you to cum just from me grinding on you, never even touching your cock.” Castiel pulled back to watch Dean’s expression. Dean’s eyes snapped open as a wanton cry stumbled its way out of his mouth.
Dean came out of the bathroom after hanging up the wet clothes on the shower rod. He walked to his bed and slid into his spot. He turned off his light, but Sam kept his on as he read more about Inugami. Dean rolled over away from the light and was soon asleep.
“Dean – “
“You didn’t have to be so mean to them.” He didn’t say anything to that. He heard them outside, but all he focused on was the angel in his arms. He stepped back, taking Cas with him and they sat together on the bed. Cas held onto Dean as Dean took deep breaths to calm down. He got up and moved Dean to the head of the bed. The hunter complied and Cas wrapped him up in his blankets and laid behind him. Dean turned around and faced Cas. They lay there breathing each other in. Dean turned off the light and within minutes he was back to sleep.
“Start, whenever you’ve collected your thoughts.” Castiel couldn’t help the curiosity that wanted to look over at the screen and look at the man next to him. The man in question cleared his through and there was a shuffle of clothing as he readjusted himself on the wooden bench.
“Can you tell me everything that’s been…‘weird’ since you’ve been here?” Castiel pursed his lips as he thought about what it was Dean was asking. His whole life was relatively weird, so Dean would have to be a little more specific. “Have you had to bury anyone recently?” Castiel was still pondering over the weight of Dean’s words as he tried to urge an answer out of the priest.
“I’d take you to one of the private rooms.” Castiel closed his eyes as he adjusted his grip on his phone. “I’d sit you down in the chair, running my hand on your chest as I circled you.” Castiel groaned as he unbuttoned his pants.
“Dean we thought you were dead.” Sam whispered. His eyes were closed, and Cas decided to disappear, but continue watching. Bobby was next. He came up and hugged Dean. Dean hugged back, but once they were done, he took a few steps back, realizing Cas wasn’t there.
Sam looked up from his computer at Cas. Cas didn’t move his eyes from the news article. “Hey, Cas?” Castiel looked up finally. “When was the last time you ate? Or slept?” Cas blinked slowly. He hadn’t thought about that. He was so used to not doing normal human things that his vessel needed. He set the article down and picked up another one.
“I need to finish picking up this glass and then I have to find something to cover this window.” Castiel made a motion to the broken window next to them. It was a rather large window and while most of the glass was on the ground, there were still shards clinging higher up on the sill. Dean took a long look at it before he made a noise that sounded like words, but Castiel was so frustrated he wasn’t sure what he might have said.
Castiel sits back on his feet, legs folded underneath him. He spreads his legs a little to be more comfortable in his jeans and rests his hands on his knees. Staring at the floor, he misses Dean gulp while taking in the pose.
The rest of the journey to Dean’s office is short, but Castiel looks into two more potential mates. One being a different secretary, a redhead who makes fun of Dean’s suit as he passes. That bond didn’t taste like sour apple juice, but only showed friendship. When Castiel spotted a future moment where the woman is with another woman, Castiel smiled. The other was a gruff looking man Dean addresses as Benny. The man looked at Dean appreciatively and the brief touch on Dean’s shoulder made Castiel curious. But that bond ends after a couple years and the two go back to being friends.
…………………………………..
“Cas is a cupid,” Dean mutters, looking down at the table cloth. “Earlier this week, I paid him to find… well, he uses the word soulmate. We haven’t found the person yet, but we’re still looking.”
“Given that said, our first logical step is to start with people you know,” Castiel says softly, hoping to comfort Dean with the statement. “It is common that someone you have already established a connection with is actually the person meant for you. Humans are very good at attracting people whose souls fit well together with theirs.”
Dean looks up at the angel, sitting back against his chair with a deep sigh. He takes in Castiel’s calm concern and feels the tumbling in his stomach settle a little. “You can come. It might help, knowing I have an angel in my corner.”
Fae folk aren’t exactly hidden in the folds of Ouroboros. No one knows how long they’ve existed. Some believe they found the town. Some believe they arrived when the human settlers did, sensing that many were dealmakers hoping to find their happy endings in an unforgiving desert. No matter how the fae cropped up in Ouroboros, the human townsfolk used their poker skills to distinguish them from others. Every person notices fae in different ways, picking up on The Tell. John could tell by the way fae walk. Sam can tell by the crook of their smiles during conversation. Dean’s tell has always been the eyes. The brightness always upends everything in Dean’s mind and sends his heart racing for the hills.
“Dawee!” The girl squeals, letting the one of the few words she knows express her joy over being served tasty food.
Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoying my odd little AU! I plan to write timestamps after DCBB (2020) publishing is over in December. <3
That word sparks in Castiel’s grace. The desperation, the love, the hope, the need in Dean’s voice reminds Castiel of every prayer. Every time he’s been cold and alone, Dean was a tiny flame of faith still burning in him. He thought that warmth disappeared, that the Winchesters no longer wanted him or needed him. He’d thrown himself down for them, and didn’t regret not having the chance to say goodbye.
Dean quirks up an eyebrow, cheeks warming up a little. “Okay. What else?”
Minutes pass after the friendly interaction, and Castiel’s vessel feels drowsy. The angel startles when a voice speaks up next to him. “A little warm for a trench coat don’t ya think?”
Castiel rests his forehead against Dean’s chest, moving his messy hand to Dean’s thigh. “No, you’re just beautiful is all.”
Now, with Dean cupping his cheek, Castiel realizes that the warmth never left. Dean leads him into a second kiss and Castiel’s grateful for this chance. He whimpers into Dean’s mouth, free hand settling on Dean’s shoulder where his handprint used to reside. The sound draws urgency into Dean’s actions, the hunter pressing into the kiss with more force.
Dean pats Castiel’s shoulder, a strained smile on his lips. He can’t expect the guy to find his soulmate on the first try. He barely has any luck luring women to his bed for sex, never mind finding someone he could actually spend the rest of his life with. “S’ok, buddy. It’s only the first night.”
His celestial form wraps itself around Dean’s soul, pushing out forgiveness. Green eyes flash up to the angel, a gasp falling from Dean’s lips when he sees the brightness shining past Castiel’s pupils. Dean immediately relaxes, slumping into his seat as he feels warmth trickle through his bloodstream.
Dean’s voice is low so Lisa and Ben won’t hear him; his eyes look past Castiel’s shoulder and into the living room. When he finally glances at the angel, Castiel notices the brightness of the green. Cas blinks, face warm as he stares back.
Castiel can’t help the smile that reveals the laugh lines around his eyes as he nods in agreement.
The angel sucked in a breath, pressing his crotch against Dean’s again, the zipper of his pants pressing into his skin. He hisses at the sensation, but pleasure overcomes the slight pain. He moves slower this time, watching the priest shudder as his own muscles quiver. His eyelids flicker, the spark of sensation a sharp tingle that buzzes in his head. Dean’s eyes are half closed, cheeks flushed so brightly Castel can see it in the shadows. The angel feels his grace rise up inside his vessel, reaching and twisting in his skin, aching to touch Dean. He shivers, choosing to rock against Dean instead of thinking about his grace. When he stops again, the priest growls. Dean bites his neck, hands clutching at his hips and pulling him down. Dean thrusts up over and over, moans muffled by Castiel’s skin.
“I’d be nice if you didn’t call me every time you’re bored would be nice. Don’t you have anyone else to bother?”
Clearing his throat, Dean gets the angel to look at him, an eyebrow raised in curiosity. A tan hand pats the empty space, a soft smile on Dean’s lips. Cas hadn’t seen Dean look so at ease in months and couldn’t help but smile back as he steps forward.
Castiel takes food as it’s offered to  him, making small piles of everything on his plate to try. Dean’s elbow brushes against his arm. Each touch reminds him of how close they are sitting together, reminds him that he should move over a little to give Dean space. Yet he stays, pulled in by the soft light above the table and the laughter on everyone’s tongues. While the others start eating and telling each other stories, Castiel silently takes it all in. His grace pulses in his chest.
Anna’s mother looks down at the young girl, then at the angel who stands before her. She looks Castiel up and down, hands on Anna’s shoulders. “Thank you.”
Castiel nods, encouraging the priest silently because he feared words would scare him into not talking.
Dean doesn’t want to admit it, but it gives him a little bounce in his step.
Castiel’s eyes widen slightly at the statement. “What makes you say that?”
Lucifer scoffs, brushing aside the moment and staring at the sky again.
“So, Gabriel’s your brother?” Dean asks just to start a conversation.
“Why not have both,” Dean says, pressing a hand to Castiel’s chest so the angel stands and moves back to the showers. “Turn em back on.”
His bed is cold though. His blankets don’t even seem to hold him anymore, the fabric almost hovering a hairs-breath off his skin. He shivers under them, his body still off to one side. Every soft caress these days comes from his pillow. Every whisper is that of his sheets. Every grumble for five more minutes is his bed frame. In the break of dawn, the only one who remembers Dean Winchester is his memory foam mattress.
With everything that’s happened to them recently, Castiel hadn’t spent much time contemplating what he liked and disliked about sex. The pleasure of grooming simply overwhelmed him in this moment, impossible to ignore in his human vessel. Yet, even in the few moments he gave thought to what being with Dean would be like, he never imagined that it would be like being consumed by the sun. His nerves explode, muscles drawn tight as he implodes. His wings arch and flap as he rocks against Dean’s thigh until he’s too sensitive to move. The words release him from the tense before, tumbling him into the certainty of the after. The anxiety of orgasm washes away when Dean catches him. While the rush of endorphins does wonders on his physical body, his grace still presses closer to Dean, wanting to soothe the need within his charge.
The two continue to kiss, neither trying to dominate the other, until they have to break apart to breath. Dean whines, the sound low and vibrating again Castiel’s chest. “Cas, I can’t come like this. I’m fuckin close, but it ain’t enough.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Rolling his hips with intention, Castiel gasps at the relief the pressure brings. Dean’s responding groan wipes his mind clean of anything else. He always thought he was nothing, and he is. He’s nothing but Dean’s. His every word, his every thought, his every action, his every touch, is for Dean. The hunter’s hand moves from Castiel’s hair to his hip as he continues to grind against Dean’s lap. Dean’s head tilts back against the front seat, so Castiel kisses the man’s neck. He nips at the skin he built with his own grace, kisses each spot before moving down further. They move together with enough force to rock the car.
The cupid watches the strange man leave, and looks to Jo. She offers a smile similar to a grimace and holds out her hand. Castiel shakes it with a firm grip, his palm warm against Jo’s.
Dean turns to Castiel to ask if he’s ready for dessert when he notices the small smile. He had yet to see such an expression on the angel’s face before and freezes at its sudden appearance. He follows Castiel’s gaze, noticing the woman Castiel’s staring at. Dean snorts, elbowing Castiel’s side.
Castiel nods, entering the bedroom to kiss the back of Dean’s neck. “You’re very attractive,
The 10-month-old stares up at him with brown eyes, feet swinging underneath the table part of her high chair. She smacks her palms against the table top, giggling when it makes a loud sound. Dean laughs at his daughter.
“My my… I knew you two were hopeless, but
“You two go on ahead, I’ll catch up,” Lucifer says, still smirking in their mind. Cas remains silent, watching Dean walk away without a single suspicious thought. His grace reaches out like an arm, like he could grasp Dean’s arm and just touch him for a second. So he place his hand where he left his handprint so many years ago, so he could have him just for a second.
Castiel stands, smiling down at his charge. He opens the first drawer of the dresser, pulling out a plain black t-shirt and putting it on. The fabric is soft and smells like Dean, nothing like his course dress shirt. Hesitating for a second, Cas looks over his shoulder before unbuttoning his pants. Dean lies on the bed, rolled onto his side with his eyes closed. The angel swiftly takes off the pants, folding them and putting them on top of the dresser with his shirt. He shuffles to the bed, staring down at the covers as he contemplates whether he should lie on top of them or under them. While he would enjoy the warmth, he doesn’t want Dean to be uncomfortable due to their proximity.
+          +          +          +
“Thank you, Dean,” he whispers.
Dean quickly pours the remainder of the shots and sets them aside for Charlie. She smirks in his direction, but remains silent, much to Dean’s gratitude. Ellen stands beside Bobby, hip against the bar and arms crossed over her chest. She watches the fae settle at one of the tables. “Don’t think I’ve ever seen him ‘fore. Not even bout town.”
A week passes with a similar routine. Castiel rides with Dean to work everyday. He remains visible while in Dean’s office. At first he spent the time checking the bonds Dean has with everyone in the building. When every single potential match fails, Castiel starts spending time reading the books on cars Dean has in his office. They go to lunch at a different restaurant each day, giving Castiel a larger pool of souls to search. When the cupid isn’t doing this, they discuss all manners of things. Each night Castiel goes home with a warm tingle in his grace from being able to share his charge’s company, but the fact he hasn’t succeeded in finding Dean’s soulmate nags at him.
After setting up a time for Castiel to meet Dean at work, Castiel flies home. He appears in his bedroom, sighing as he starts taking off the ridiculous uniform Gabriel forced him into earlier. He hangs up each article of clothing in his closet, frowning at the pink and white stripes.
1)	Every player gets two cards.
Cheeks still warm, Dean holds Castiel’s gaze. He can’t remember ever seeing another pair of eyes so blue or mesmerizing; they look like a pair of shining whirlpools. He takes a deep breath to relax and laughs. “Thanks for the offer, but I’m good. They, uh, belong to me actually.”
Dean strokes under Castiel’s eye, watching it waiver. The hunter’s prepared for rejection despite what he heard earlier. Just because Castiel wants him in the heat of the moment doesn’t mean he’ll say yes; doesn’t mean they’ll be able to make this work. The fear of blowing down the house of cards forces them all to hold their breath. They may suffocate, but at least things still feel solid.
The three words seem so simple, but they hit Castiel’s grace hard. They carry weight the angel’s heard before. I need you. Don’t make me lose you too. We’re family. The need, the want, the love in Dean’s eyes and voice push Castiel over the edge. He comes with a soft groan of Dean’s name. His muscles weaken and he relaxes against the steering wheel. He smiles at Dean as the hunter continues to move his fist over his erection, using Castiel’s come as extra lubricant.
Trash thrown away, he starts working through the few dishes in the sink. When Ben’s at his place for the weekend, his apartment is full of sounds, smells and boyish charm. The kid left small messes everywhere he walked. Dean smiles fondly at the thought, ignoring the pang of jealousy in his chest. Lisa deserves someone nice in her life, someone who will treat her and Ben good. If this new guy does that, he should be okay in Dean’s book. The logic doesn’t make the loneliness fade though.
So with a giant inhale, Dean brushes his hands on his own ratty pair of jeans before pulling out his phone. He takes a second to stare at his friends and survey their expressions. Crowley smirks knowingly, Garth smiles as he eats, and Benny raises an eyebrow.  He stands slowly, trying to not startle anyone around them into looking at him. He keeps his head down as he approaches the freshman.
Castiel shifts his weight as Dean examines him, drawing Dean’s attention to the cupid’s wings. They’re large, the tips right next to the hem of the trench coat. Each feather is speckled with blue and black, creating an optical illusion Dean can only describe as a galaxy. It’s mesmerizing to watch how the feathers lightly shift with each of Castiel’s movements, and Dean wonders if the plumage is soft despite their razor sharp appearance. Castiel pulls the wings closer to his body, folding them against his back. When Dean looks back to the angel’s face, he’s surprised to find
“All of our clients have either known or lived near their soulmates. Humans are just so preoccupied with other things that they miss what is right in front of them. Trust me, you’ll find Dean’s soulmate.”
His brother points to the older Winchester in his head. Castiel nods, hugging himself tighter.
It’s like watching a movie, but he has no choice over what angles he sees things from. Currently, he has a pretty clear view of Dean, which makes his grace feel slightly warm again. He can watch his charge without fear of him finding his gaze. But as soon as the warmth comes, it dissipates. Blood drips down Dean’s forehead, his hand resting on his brother. Dean still touches Sam, reassuring himself that his brother is still himself, but his eyes are focused on Castiel. Cas’s grace oozes blue-black sadness, longing to reach out and heal him of his wounds.
Muck: when the character’s fold and toss their cards back to the dealer, it’s called the muck
The light above them flickers. Dean’s left over bottle shatters on the table. The radio in the living room and the TV turn on. Neither man is aware of the energy pulsing from them as they chase down their high.
Dean closes the door, then faces the angel in his apartment. Leaning against the counter, Dean crosses his arms over his chest. He looks Castiel up and down, smirking a little to hold back a laugh. Sure, Castiel is a cupid, but the cherry blossom pink vest and matching dress pants are surprising. So is the bulky trench coat billowing off of the angel’s shoulders down to the middle of his calves. The tan color isn’t something Dean would have picked to go with the pink, but it somehow suits Castiel.
Beds are sacred spaces. It meant Dean had something of his own. Maybe not a whole room, but somewhere he could lay his problems to rest. Each mattress Dean ever claimed became holy ground. He’d sleep, send out his silent prayers, play with Sammy. When he was old enough, it was where he made love, where he read books, where he kept praying. If there was something in the world Dean never took for granted, it was a good mattress.
Dean’s hands push away Castiel’s shirt, seeking out the warmth the angel hadn’t lost in his fall from grace. It soothed the ache in Dean’s joints as he traces over each of Castiel’s ribs. The hunter mouths at Castiel’s stubble, letting it rub his lips raw so each kiss after zings.
………………………………………..
"Your request for a cupid has been received. Please expect him or her to arrive at your household no later than 1 p.m. This gives our angels the chance to make sure you are paired with a cupid suitable for your needs.
Angel and priest stare at each other, a silent exchange of empathy and understanding making the air thick. Castiel leans forward, skin tingling the closer he gets to the man. “I do not wish to offend you, but you are unlike any priest I have ever met.”
The fallen archangel smiles at the human at his feet. He crosses his arms, one hand holding up his chin. “He can be taught!” Lucifer laughs, tapping his temple. “In here, Dean.”
Dean would be lying to himself if he says his lungs don’t hiccup at the sound. He starts breathing after a second, jogging down the hall. He bites his lip as he puts a hand on the locks. Once the door’s thrown open, the tension he didn’t realize was in his shoulders and back dissipates into a slight tremble.
Time passes like it normally does at the Roadhouse, slow and easy. Dean takes his time with his burger, nursing his beer in between bites. He lets the dinner crowd sift out, the late nighters still simmering throughout the bar. A couple people give him a once over and Dean smirks triumphantly.
Castiel stands in the middle of the space, head tilted back so that water streams through his hair, down his temples, cheekbones, jaw, and throat. Spread from wall to wall are the angel’s wings, shimmering as water trickles along the feathers. A gasp catches in Dean’s throat, surprised at the sight of Castiel’s exposed wings. He doesn’t get much time to consider this divine marvel, however, when Castiel’s lips part to release a short huff dangerously close to sounding like a whimper. Dean’s eyes widen when he realizes what he sees. Castiel trails a hand over his chest, the other palming his dick. Dean pulls back, shoving his back against the cold wall behind him. His chest heaves out a sigh, a weak attempt to calm the tremble claiming muscle group after muscle group. A sudden chill tingles down his back, raising goosebumps on his skin. His heart skips at a hard tempo in his throat as sudden dry mouth causes him to lick his lips. He just found Castiel washing his wings and jerking off in the communal shower. Dean’s spent his fair share of time quickly and quietly rubbing one off in the few moments of true privacy in shared motel rooms, but what he just stumbled upon is a full out spectacle. Something out of a goddamn portrait.
He took a deep breath before diving down to look around at the water life he had just jumped into. He noticed there were little schools of fish that darted this way and that as he swam around. He started to feel the burn in his lungs and came back up for air. As he was coming up, he thought he saw a shadow cross over top of him, but he brushed it off as he had his back to the dock. He wiped at his face again before turning around.
“See you then.”
He yelped – a manly yelp of course – as he saw Cas standing at the end of the dock with a curious glance.
“Do you mind turning around?” Cas sighed and turned around, trying to get his legs in the pants. Dean had just gotten his underwear off when he heard a shocked cry and he turned to catch his falling friend. Dean caught Cas under his arms and didn’t have time to think about his undress before he pulled Cas flush against him to ensure he was safe. Cas panted to calm his heart rate. His foot got caught on the too big foot hole in the pajama pants and he lost his balance. He didn’t expect Dean to catch him. His heart pounded in his ears and his chest felt like it was being squeezed slowly. Dean’s worried fingers began to scan for any injuries.
“What’s wrong?” Dean got his pants zipped and threw on his shirt and coat. Cas did the same thing.
“Thank you, Father Novak.” Mrs. Hanson’s daughter hurried forward and wrapped her mother in a large coat before taking the handles of the walker from him. Castiel merely gave a smile and said his goodbyes. He stood at the doorway and offered a handshake or a smile to the exiting clergy. A tap on his shoulder pulled his attention from the last few members.
“Looking for something, Father?” Castiel looked once again at the Bishop. He held his hands behind his back and gave a small shake of his head.
“That’s her. She has two faces.” Dean grabbed the paper and read off of it. He folded it up and looked back into the diner. The waitress was staring at them. Her eyes looked dead, but her face was contorted in anger. Sam, Dean, and Cas turned to the Impala and headed back to the motel.
“Just get in.” Castiel weighed his options before he slid into the smooth leather of the vehicle. He arranged his basket at his feet and took his hat off after closing the door in a swift movement. Dean watched as he did so before pulling back out onto the road. “I thought you’d be wearing one of those round hats, you know to better block out the sun.” Castiel watched as Dean kept both hands firmly on the wheel and only took a second to glance at Castiel as they made their way down the road.
“Very well, Mr. Winchester. You may proceed.” It sounded like Dean was shifting a little on his side of the booth. Castiel waited while Dean took a moment to either gather up courage or find his words.
“Father, I wanted to wish you good bye and say thank you for bringing life back into this old church.” Castiel’s expression softened as she reached out and held his hand in that usual way the old ladies did. She turned a bit and motioned for her grandson to walk up to him. “I got you this. You always look so cold.” Castiel let go of her hand and reached out to take the package from her grandson. The boy looked sheepish as he let go of the box before he walked back to his mother’s side. Castiel set the package down, but Mrs. Hanson shook her hand at him. “Open it now, I want to make sure it fits you.” Castiel smirked.
“That’s my little brother, by the way.” Dean motioned to where the other man was once standing. “His name is Sam.” Castiel nodded.
“I haven’t had service in a little while. I figured I’d call him in the next town I stopped at.” Cas’ eyes were alternating between watching Dean’s face and the way his arms were tensed as he held himself up on the dock. Cas was only an inch or two away from his hands and his fingers itched to reach out and grab at the angel. He wasn’t sure what overcome him, but he looked up at Cas from underneath his eyelashes and was startled to see Castiel looking at him with a strange expression on his face. Dean felt his heart stutter a little at the intense stare that Castiel was currently giving him. His face flushed and he hoped that the angel couldn’t tell as he returned the same sort of bewildered glance. Uncomfortable with the current staring contest they had gotten into, Dean reached out in a flash and grabbed Castiel’s leg. Before the angel could comment Dean used all his strength to pull the angel’s leg, sending him flying over his shoulder with a ruffle of fabric and a loud splash. Dean let go of the dock and dunked his head before letting out a laugh as his head broke the surface.
“Father Castiel Novak.” He dropped Sam’s hand and Sam looked a little uncomfortable after being given his title. “You can call me Father Novak if you’d like, or just Father.” Sam rubbed the back of his neck as Castiel turned to Dean, holding his hand out for him to take. Dean gave him a brief handshake, his ears still a little pink in his flashlight beam. “Thank you for your help.” The boys looked between each other again and Castiel tilted his head slightly, his eyes narrowing at the display. He didn’t like the way they seemed to be having a conversation right in front of him without having to even open their mouths.
“Were you in the area?” Bobby looked at him, confused. They could see a town on the horizon.
“Dean.” He said calmly, the mess they had made of themselves was cleaned and Dean looked down at himself in blatant confusion.
“Yeah I could do that for you.” Castiel wondered briefly if there was a line outside the door, but the thought was dismissed as soon as it crossed his mind.
