Dean nods. “Alright. Why don’t you pause the drinking for a little bit while we play?” There’s a hint of concern in his voice, and his face isn’t quite as happy as it was.
“Just let me know if you need any help. I won’t be far.” Castiel got out of bed and stretched, his shirt riding up to expose sharp hip bones and toned abs. If Dean was still in heat, he’d be drooling over the sight. Hell, he was almost drooling now.
Dean sat up and ran his hands over his face. By now, Michael would have been yelling at both of them. This was definitely easier, but it didn’t stop Dean from feeling frustrated and defeated. He got up and turned off the bathwater to keep from running up the water bill. He sat by the bed and waited.
Castiel sat back down in his chair. “Well, we can start at the woods Jack was found in. It was in Colorado.”
Michael’s arms around him didn’t feel nearly as good, but at this point, Dean craved any kind of contact. He turned over and buried his face in Michael’s chest, blinking away tears. Despite everything, he fell asleep quickly, his body giving in to exhaustion.
“No, demon like me. She was killed by a human. She wasn’t even fighting. We were trying to stay hidden, and humans broke in. She got in front of me and Sam, and the guy killed her. Of course, then I killed him, but revenge doesn’t make that kind of thing feel any better. My dad went berserk and I have no idea where he went. He probably got arrested or killed years ago.”
Dean walks up to Castiel, who is standing against the wall. “How’re you feeling now that the semester’s over?”
“Yeah. I’ll go get some spackle to repair the holes in the walls too. I saw the paint can for the color on the walls in the shed back when we fixed up the yard. I’ll do some painting too.” Dean leads the way back to the bedroom and closes the door once Castiel is inside.
Dean decided to keep Sam a little more entertained today. It wasn’t too hard to do, and he had a few ideas. He was starting to learn more of the names of Castiel’s houseplants, so the first thing he did was show Sam around the sunroom and introduce the plants. Sam found the room amazing and wanted to stay in there for a little while.
Castiel’s stomach growls and he looks at the time. “We should pick up food on the way back. Has Sam eaten?”
Castiel wipes a tear that rolls down his cheek. “You…You’ve changed me. I’ve never known what it’s like to love someone like I love you. It makes me feel so raw and exposed, yet so safe. It makes me feel like a live wire, stripped and sparking. I never thought I could feel like this, not with anyone. I’d do anything to keep you in my life.”
Castiel sits in his room, reading a book. It’s his birthday, a Saturday, and he knows that he’s supposed to be at Gabriel’s apartment soon, but he’s procrastinating a little. He hears a knock on his door and closes his book. “Come in.”
Castiel was out of his seat to stop him and Dean grabbed Sam’s wrist as he stood up, holding him back.
“Well, if you’ll have me, I would be glad to fill that gap for you.” Cas gives Dean a warm smile, one that makes him look welcoming. It makes Dean want to hug him right then and there, and Dean isn’t a hugger.
Dean shook his head. “If I were human, I’d just have a gun under my pillow. That’s all the protection I’d need.”
Castiel slid his fingers under the collar again and pulled gently. It wasn't nearly enough to cut off his breathing entirely, but it was enough to threaten to.
Dean woke up to the sound of whispers extremely early in the morning. When he opened his eyes, he saw Castiel following Luke back upstairs. The smell of rut was definitely present, but not super strong. Cas must have been right about his prediction of when Luke’s rut would end.
It was nice outside. The summer night was cool and refreshing from the stuffy interior of the country club. Castiel waited and kept checking the time on his phone. It was taking Dean a while to get out there.
Castiel looked at Dean. “I start nursing school in the fall, and Dean starts college at the same time.”
The pizza arrived half an hour later. They set it on the coffee table in front of them and ate it silently while they watched the TV.
Castiel hugged Dean tightly, fighting back the tears that had been threatening to fall all night. “I love you,” Castiel whispered before pulling back, and quickly walking away. He found Luke again and left the venue, his heart in pieces. His chest felt so heavy that he thought he might fall over, but he held it together.
“Of course I did. You’re my friend and I was worried. Let’s go.” She walks into the house and back towards Castiel’s bedroom.
Okay, that was fine. Dean liked good ole’ missionary. He’d never been knotted before, so that would be new. He tried to focus on what that would feel like, being stretched open locked together with his husband, his mate. Dean’s teeth sank into his lower lip as he started slowly stroking himself. He gathered some of his own slick to guide the way with a soft moan.
“Yeah, he just landed. I’m sorry about this, Cas. I’m glad he’s here because it’s been a while but I wish I knew before we planned our date.” Dean sighs and shakes his head.
“I shouldn’t have done this. I can’t even leave the house to try to help him if I wanted to.” He dragged his hands over his face. “Ignorance really is bliss.”
Dean rummages through the duffle bag, hiding behind the couch. He pulls out four little bags and runs to the wall. He kicks the drywall in and stuffs the bag inside. Castiel watches as Dean disappears to other parts of the house and hears him kicking holes in the drywall. As he runs towards where Castiel is standing, a pan hits him square in the head. He falls to the ground with a shout.
Dean laughed softly. “That’s a lot. Those can go three weeks without water. You have to let it dry out.”
Sam stares at Castiel, his jaw dropped. “I found a case but this is way more important. How did you bring those out, Cas?”
Castiel lays there and watches Dean move about the room. He’s on his stomach with his chin propped up on his hands. His eyes move to Dean’s ass when he bends over to keep packing his duffel. Castiel carefully moves off the bed, his feet as quiet as the night as he moves across the carpet. He winds up and smacks Dean’s ass, the noise ringing out through the quiet room. Dean shoots up and whips around with a stunned look on his face. He pouts and pushes Castiel’s shoulder.
As he looks around, he wonders what people think of him. He’s by himself here. His outfit is just a Led Zeppelin t-shirt and some old jeans. He isn’t dressed as festively as everyone else. He probably looks like someone’s straight friend that got lost.
Dean was already pretty loud during spankings, but in a scenario like this, he was extra loud. He could still hear himself over the music and the crowd. Groans and shouts fell from his lips as his ass was painted cherry red.
After their conversation, Castiel and Dean spend their afternoon cuddled up on the couch together. Castiel sits with his arm around Dean while he leans on his shoulder. They pick out several movies to watch and share a pizza at dinner time.
“I’m proud of you, both of you. You’re going to do amazing things, and you’re going to be amazing together.”
Dean tried to convince the officer to let them go, but no one listened. Castiel was put in the back of one squad car, and Dean was put in the back of another with the two kids, who were both scared and crying.
Dean keeps his eyes downcast. “My mom died. The house burned down too. My dad handed Sammy to me and told me to run. I watched the house burn to the ground. My dad barely got out before the whole thing went up in flames. My mom didn’t make it.”
Castiel nodded. He squatted down and rested his fingers against the dirt. “I can’t sense anything here. No traces of grace or anything.”
The sex itself wasn’t great, if Dean was honest with himself. It was sweet, Michael tried his best, but it wasn’t mind-blowing like most of Dean’s experiences since he got to Chicago. Dean hoped that with time Michael would get better. He knew he would. First times were never perfect, and Michael did well given the circumstances.
The window next to the door opens and Dean climbs in, a large duffel bag over his shoulder. He opens it and pulls out a large can. “Stand here and stay in the circle!”
Castiel sits down and sighs heavily. He takes out his phone. “I think I’m going to call my parents and ask them about where I came from.”
“What do you need that for?” Dean flipped on the kitchen light. He remembered seeing the kit in one of the lower cabinets. He opened one and saw the box against the side. He pulled it out and held it out to Castiel.
Sam laughed softly. “Of course that’s the first thing on your mind. I’m sure there’s something you can work out. Hey, now that you’re out, you need to come see me more often. I’ll come to you if I have to. Either way, you’re getting out more. You’re so pale now, I’ve seen the pictures. I hope you’re getting some sun right now.”
The rest of the day, Dean anxiously worried about what was going to happen. What if this was a sign that humans were coming back? It had been fifty years since anyone had seen one. What if a colony of them had hidden away from society up until now? There was no telling.
Castiel smiled warmly. “You should probably be grateful that it wasn’t him. Gabriel has very long-winded stories and never shuts up. It’s good to meet you, Sam.”
Alas, Castiel is still the only tenant when he gets back to the house. He sighs and carries his groceries in. By the time he’s done, it’s dinner time. He makes himself a sandwich and eats it on the couch. There’s a TV in the living room, but it’s not set up with a cable box. Castiel has an Apple TV somewhere in his bags to hook up. He doesn’t bother for now.
Castiel sits back down on the bed. “Maybe I should just take a sick day.” He rubs his hands over his face. Now that the anxiety is gone, the exhaustion seeps back into his senses. He feels like he could lay back down and sleep for another two hours. He pulls up the syllabus for his other class and checks to make sure they aren’t doing anything important. Fortunately for him, today is a review day.
“I never hear my neighbors. They’re not going to hear you. I want to hear you. In here, you’re safe. No one is going to judge you.” To drive home the point, he suddenly pinches Dean’s nipple harder.
Castiel gets a break until after lunch, and rides to his last class of the day. He bikes home at one forty-five, which doesn’t feel too bad at all. He has tons of time to study and get other things done.
Dean meets Castiel’s gaze again. He swallows. The pool lingering in front of him, inviting him in. He stares into the water, and with a deep breath, he dives in. “Look, I know I’ve always been a little weird around you. We’ve had a strange relationship. We’re friends, but that’s never been enough, has it?” Dean chuckles nervously. “I know how I feel about you. You’re more than a friend to me. I’ve shoved it down for years, but I’ve always known.”
Dean sat on the bed and played on his phone while he waited. He was feeling pretty good about everything today. The date night sounded nice, and he was excited.
“Do you think it would have scared you if I had completely cut off your breathing? Not that I would do that. You’re not really supposed to completely cut someone off. It’s very dangerous and risky.”
“Don’t speak to anyone other than me, Michael, or Dean, unless spoken to. Stay close and don’t act stupid. It’s a high-class event so I expect you to act like you belong there.”
Dean’s bedroom door opens and he pokes his head out. He makes eye contact with Castiel and then sees Meg. He looks back at Castiel, his eyes slightly fearful. Castiel knows what Dean is afraid of, so he mouths “I won’t tell her”. Dean nods and ducks back into his room.
“Fine, then your boyfriend dies. I don’t have to lift a finger. You already know angels can communicate without seeing one another. I’ll just tell Naomi to snap his little neck and then you won’t have a reason to stay on Earth anymore.”
Castiel takes a look around his family home. Crosses hang everywhere and there’s a large painting of Jesus at the end of the hall. Pictures of Castiel are scattered all over the walls and on every shelf. A giant frame with his best senior picture hangs above the fireplace. Everything is decorated with greys and beiges. The house looks like an HGTV advertisement. There’s not a single thing out of place.
Luke tossed an object onto the bed, and Castiel’s heart sank when he realized it was his burner phone, one of the two he bought for Christmas to be able to text privately with Dean. “Don’t worry, I didn’t figure out the passcode, but I do know why you have this.”
“Really?” Dean tilts his head. “Not that that’s a bad thing. I just assumed you had at least hooked up with someone before. You told me that you had kissed people before and only told me one story about how you kissed a girl and ran away.”
Castiel turns around to face Zachariah and sees him holding a small vial full of brilliant blue light. He gulps and watches as Zachariah upcaps the vial and holds it out. Castiel’s mouth opens and the light flows from the bottle into his mouth. He doesn’t feel much at first, but then the warmth starts. He looks at his hands and sees his skin starting to glow. The warmth becomes searing hot heat and he cries out as the light explodes from his body. Sparks crackle through all of the electronics in the room and the lights go out. The shadow of two massive wings appears behind him as his body glows like a supernova.
Michael smiled politely at the group, but it was obvious that he didn’t feel good. His nose was red and his cheeks were flushed. Dean’s caretaker side took over his desire to continue their game of Scrabble, so he followed his fiance upstairs to make sure he was alright.
Castiel’s brother looks at them. “Castiel is a mouthful. Just call him Cassie. That’s what I call him.”
Castiel stares into Dean’s eyes a little too heavily. He glances away to nervously take Dean’s hand. “If we both know how we feel about each other, then what are we waiting for?”
Dean thought for a moment. “Mostly werewolves and demons. There’s one angel who lives by himself across the street. He’s a dick. He stole a package off my porch once and never did it again only because I told him I worked at the police station.”
Dean felt Castiel’s bulge against his ass and moved back slightly, brushing against it. Castiel’s hips moved up for more, and Dean gladly obliged. He got into a better position and rubbed his own erection against Castiel’s. It wasn’t great through several layers of fabric, but he was so turned on at this point that anything felt amazing.
Cas shrugged. “Luke doesn't love it when I go out alone. I try to avoid it. Michael is the same way.”
Castiel can’t help but smile back a little. Dean was just too precious. “Thank you. I just don’t think I’m ready for that yet. We’ve only been together for a week and I’d rather wait until we’re more serious, since it will be my first time.”
Dean refuses to let go of Cas’s hand once they’re in the middle of the massive crowd. He’s not sure if it’s because he’s nervous about the crowd or if he’s afraid of losing his new friend.
“I’m not going to tell. I’m here to help. Cas said you were going to pack a bag and meet at the playground, but I said it was way too suspicious to bring a bag to the playground. My car is pretty big with a lot of trunk space, so Monday morning, I’ll help you gather up anything you want to take with you and pack it into my car. I’ll take it to Meg’s house, where Castiel is staying right now. We’ll pack it into his car and then when you get there he can get you out of the state as fast as possible.”
The man looked at Castiel, whose other hand held Dean’s shoulder now. “I’m guessing you two aren’t into sharing?”
Castiel looks at Dean, trying to ground himself from his fear. He feels like he’s underwater, slowly floating down and away from safety. Dean is at the surface, just within Castiel’s reach. Castiel takes a deep breath and lays down on his back. “You sleep. I’ll try too.”
“I never formed any kind of bond with them. It was just sex when you weren’t enough for me. You went off and fell in love with my brother’s fiance.”
Dean’s arm felt warm where Castiel had touched him. He wished Castiel would come back and bring that amazing scent of lavender and honey with him. With a disappointed sigh, Dean finished his burger and fries. They were delicious, and on a full stomach, sleep came easily.
Dean frowned. He was still clear enough in the head to see Castiel’s behavior. “What’s gotten into you?”
Castiel smiled softly. “I’m not going to lie, that last line wasn’t very platonic. It sounded a little romantic to me.”
Dean shoved his phone into his pocket and stormed out of the house, slamming the door behind himself. He got into the impala and peeled out of the driveway, tires screeching as he drove away.
The bedroom looks sparse, but Castiel is excited by the big windows that span across the back wall. He has a few plants, but he plans on expanding his collection. He can already picture shelves in front of the windows filled with dozens of plants.
Dean’s arms shook and he screamed. It was so good, and he felt like he was on cloud nine. It bordered on painful, which made it perfect.
Castiel stayed compliant, but he could hear Jack crying. “Officer, my son is in the backseat. I don’t know what’s going on. Why are you arresting me?”
Castiel walked into the kitchen and took a wine bottle out of a cabinet that had a rack. He opened the bottle and poured two glasses, bringing them to the couch, where Dean joined him.
“It’s okay, they’re out of my life now. I’ve talked to my sisters a little bit, but not much. Both of them still work for our parents and have no interest in leaving, so if they want to come visit, they have to come to me. I won’t go to them.” He sighed. “Enough with my sob story, you already know how it ends. What else do you want to talk about?”
Castiel thought for a moment. “I stayed with Meg for a long time, until the divorce was finalized and I got my settlement. It took a long time to learn to be independent. I never really got the chance to feel free, even before I made it to Chicago. I started in a controlling household, ended up trapped on the streets, and then trapped with Luke. There was never a time in my life where I had the freedom to choose what I wanted. It was hard to grasp that concept. I knew I wanted to go back to St. Louis. I missed it a lot. We’re actually only about 45 minutes from my childhood home. I knew I wanted to go to school, so I started trying for my GED first. I found Jimmy during that time and put him through inpatient rehab. I tried to learn to spend time for myself, and I think I’ve done pretty well.”
Claire smiled and took the sleeve, flipping through the movies. She picked out an older Disney movie and pointed to it. Dean took the sleeve back and put the DVD into the player in the car. Castiel handed her a pair of headphones to wear.
“Goodnight. I love you too.” Castiel closes his eyes and hopes that the voices stay away long enough for him to be able to sleep. They had been keeping him up for countless nights the past few weeks, meaning that he was barely sleeping. Tonight, it’s quiet, and he’s exhausted. Sleep comes easily.
Dean gasps, and a surprised noise pops out of his mouth. “How do you sound so nice when you’re being an asshole?”
Castiel takes a bite of his bagel and looks out the front windows of the house. “What kind of car do you have?”
Castiel flicks Dean in the head. “You know I hate it when you call me that. That’s my mother’s name for me.” He pouts dramatically.
“Come with me, then. I’ll pay for it. You can’t live in Georgia and not eat at Waffle House at least once.”
Dean jumped onto the other side of the bed. “Okay, okay. So I found out about it from a customer at the shop. I overheard them talking about this new kind of arranged marriage that’s online and the omega or alpha being courted gets financial compensation in most cases. Since actual arranged marriages are basically illegal now, they have to have a bunch of weird rules. The suitors have to sign up on their own free will, hence the online part. If you want to volunteer yourself for that, you have to do it on your own.”
“There will be hors d'oeuvres first, and we’ll mingle around. At eight-thirty, we’ll sit down to eat. After that, there’s an open bar and drinks. You can get one drink if you’d like.”
“Oh, right. To answer your question, yes.” Castiel has to admire Sam’s curiosity. He asks a lot of questions and he’s extremely observant.
Castiel sets his pillow on the bed and climbs in. “That’s alright. It’s very you.” He slides his legs under the sheet and quilt and he can already feel how comfortable it’s going to be. He lays down and waits for Dean to turn his back to him before spooning him from behind. Castiel slots their bodies together like two perfect puzzle pieces.
Dean nodded in agreement. “As much as teleporting sucked, I’m glad you can do it now that we’re wandering into the middle of nowhere.”
Castiel shook his head. “I don’t have any reason to use it. I have my phone, but I only use it to text Luke, Gabriel, and my friend who lives nearby.”
After a few minutes of being together like that, Dean already felt like this was the solution. The pressure to do something kinky or sexual was gone, and it was liberating. Dean got to simply enjoy Castiel’s company and feel his affection.
Dean closed the laptop and paused for a moment. “The incident with your brother, is that why your parents kicked you out?”
As he turned the corner to go into the kitchen, he heard two voices. When he entered the room, he saw Castiel sitting on the kitchen counter in just flannel pajama pants. Luke was standing between Castiel’s legs with his hands planted on either side of the omega’s hips. Dean could see little love bites all over Castiel’s chest and shoulders. He averted his eyes as soon as he realized he was staring and started backing out of the kitchen.
With the date coming so soon, planning was a whirlwind. Dean got to help pick a few things, but other than that the whole ordeal was extremely traditional. Dean had been to several suit fittings and was having one custom-tailored for the day. The church they picked was the one Michael went to as a child. The reception was being held at a nearby country club.
Castiel watches as the clock ticks down on the TV. He takes another sip of his drink and starts counting down with the rest of the group.
Michael looked defeated on the third visit. Three months had passed and both of them were done with this process. Michael finally agreed to give Dean everything he had in that account of personal funds back, along with alimony. Dean didn’t want anything more than that, so it was settled.
Castiel shook his head. “No.” Silence followed, and Dean took the hint that Castiel didn’t want to talk about it.
The next morning, Dean had barely slept. Michael got up and left for work without a word to Dean, who had to get up soon anyways to get Claire to school. His heart was drumming against his chest, and he felt sick to his stomach with anxiety.
“Goodnight, Dean.” Castiel waved back before leaving the kitchen to go upstairs. Dean looked around the kitchen for a minute before retreating upstairs as well. When he got to the bedrooms, he started debating which room to go in. He didn’t want Michael to be disappointed when he woke up, so he finally decided to go back to Michael’s room. He quietly climbed back into bed and wiggled underneath Michael’s arm. He felt warm under the blankets and a little better with someone holding him while he laid there. Sleep came a little easier this time, and it was peaceful.
“My husband. He brings in other people. He makes them get tested and he gets tested regularly too, but he uses protection just to be safe, and to prevent pregnancies.”
“It’s good to see you!” Gabriel pulled back from the hug. “Do I finally get to meet Jack now? I wish I got to see him while you were in Chicago a few months back.”
Dean stared out of the car window, wringing his hands anxiously. As the familiar scenes of Sioux Falls passed him by, goodbyes filled his head. This day could be the last day for a long time that he got to see all of this. In the seat next to him was Sam, nose buried in a book to distract himself from the sadness of today. All Dean could do was look at the eighteen-year-old and smile a bit. He was going to go so far, and what Dean was doing would make all the difference in the world to Sam.
Dean nodded along as Castiel wrote. “I think that’s perfect. I don’t get a lot of emails, so as soon as I get the notification I’ll bring the laptop to you so you can respond.”
Dean stared at the bag in surprise and closed Michael’s bedroom door. “Damn, I didn’t get you another secret gift.”
“I would be. If he’s as bright as Michael describes him as, then one day I could help him land a position with the legal team for Milton Consulting.”
Claire started school the next week. They rented a car for Dean to drive until Baby arrived in the upcoming days. He loved the freedom of being behind the wheel and going wherever he wanted. While Castiel was in class and Claire was in school, he sat in a cute coffee shop reading a book.
A little after midnight, while Castiel waits in his bed, he finally receives a text from Dean letting him know that he has safely arrived at Bobby’s. Castiel sends him a goodnight text and finally lets himself fall asleep.
Dean goes from solemn and serious to bent over laughing in a matter of seconds. He places his hands on his knees and laughs for a few more seconds before standing back up. “This is why I like you, Cas. You’re funny, you’re smart, you’re hot as hell, and your presence just makes me happy.”
Castiel turns around and steps out of the salt circle. He kicks the wall with the ball of his foot and nothing happens. He turns around and kicks the wall in with his heel. He stuffs the bag into the hole, and then all the commotion stops. The cabinets stop swinging and the kitchenware that’s in the air falls to the ground.
At about one am, the voices come back with a vengeance. They sound angry this time, screaming at Castiel to come back to them or he’ll pay the price. Castiel shoots up and holds his head, eyes wide and body tense. He rocks back and forth, willing the voices to go away. Tears well up in his eyes and he can’t take it anymore.
“Chronic. I’ve had it ever since I could remember. Nothing in particular happened, which is odd, but the doctors don’t have any other explanation for it. Drummers get tinnitus sometimes from the loud noises.” He pauses. “Right at the next road.”
Dean considered making a post of his own, but decided against it. Maybe Michael would want things to stay private for now.
The group moves away from the topic of Castiel’s “weird dream” and the focus turns to Dean’s absolute annihilation of Ash at beer pong.
Castiel shrugged. “Maybe I am.” He gave a playful smile towards Dean, but when his eyes flicked towards the stairs, the smile disappeared. Dean turned around and saw an omega girl he had never seen before walking down the stairs. She had a smile on her face and the smell of sex surrounded her. Dean watched her walk out the front door and looked back at Cas.
He identified omega and preferred to be called one, but he had some alpha instincts in him. He had learned to embrace them by now. Despite loving his own body for its differences, he didn’t want anyone to know. It was just too much information. His genitals were no one’s business but his own, and he liked to keep it that way.
Dean was an anxious mess all morning. Sam had just landed and was on the way. Dean had made lunch, turkey burgers. He knew Sam liked them a lot, especially this recipe.
The parade began with music playing over the speakers that lined the streets. People started holding up and waving their flags, so Dean held up his and Castiel’s omega/omega pride flag. There were massive floats with dancers, bands, and every color of the rainbow.
The shorter man looks at Dean and then at his partner. “Is this the cute guy you were talking about?”
“He’s kind of right. You may be happy every time you save someone, but you’re going to be devastated every time you fail, and you will fail. Not even angels can save everyone.”
Luke’s ruts were hell. Nothing was non-consensual, thank god, but it wasn’t fun. Castiel remembered talking to other homeless omegas a few years ago, and hearing that rut sex was wild and fun. They were right about the wild part, but fun wasn’t the right word. It was just too much. Castiel hated the smell of rut, it made his nose itch. He loved rough sex, but Luke was obsessed with leaving love bites everywhere, to the point of being painful.
The pair stayed still for a few minutes, breathing heavily and trying to come back to reality. Dean was the first to speak.
Dean started making lunch at noon. He reheated some chicken that he made the other night. As he opened the microwave, he heard footsteps coming down the stairs. He turned around and saw Castiel. “Hey. Did you sleep alright?”
“You wanted possessive sex, didn’t you? Because that’s what’s about to happen. I’m not done showing you that you’re mine.”
“Why are you waking me up early? We were out so late.” Castiel’s voice is even more gravelly than usual.
They had gotten into the habit of taking Castiel’s car to the club so that he was always the one driving back. Dean was close to the point of letting Castiel drive the impala, but not quite. Castiel had driven it once, on the first night they actually met in the club. Dean didn’t mind it then. Castiel was just trying to get him home safely and knew Dean would kill him if his car got left there overnight.
Dean shakes his head. “No.” He rubs his hand over his face. “You deserve the truth. The whole truth. You already know part of my motivation to leave Kansas, to get away from my past with Lisa. There’s another part: my dad. He lives in Lawrence right now, at least I think he’s still there. What I’m doing now, going to school, this isn’t the life he wants for me, or for Sammy. He wants us to work for him, with the family business. That’s why Sam lives with Bobby.”
Gabriel looks at Castiel. “I’m cutting you off.” His gaze moves to Dean and he gives him a knowing look.
Dean put on a movie in the living room to watch before Michael got home. Gabriel had retreated to his basement-dwelling, and Castiel was staying in the living room for as long as he could to take a break from Luke’s rut, which Dean could infer was rough for Castiel based on his overall more quiet mood, the way he walked, and the bruises all over his collarbones and shoulders. What was interesting to Dean was the line where the bites suddenly stopped. Right below the base of Castiel’s neck, just below where a mating bite would go, there was a consistent line that wasn’t crossed. Dean wondered if it was Castiel or Luke who decided not to cross that line.
Castiel slowly unbuttoned his shirt before sliding it off and tossing it towards the hamper. He leaned over Dean with a hum. “That collar suits you. Maybe I should have you wear it more often, just to remind you that you belong to me.”
Castiel stares at Dean, wishing they weren’t in a public place so that he could pounce on Dean and kiss him to his heart’s desire. Instead, he reaches across the table and takes Dean’s hand, squeezing it. Dean squeezes back and they exchange a knowing look.
Dean moaned softly. He knew he’d be overstimulated, but he wanted Castiel to come inside of him badly. “Green.”
“N-no, I never wanted to lead you on. I just realized that we needed to stop. It was getting too big and too hard to hide. Last time, you presented your neck to me at least three times. It took a lot of restraint to keep from claiming you. I’m not trying to say that it was too hard to hold back, I would never do anything against your will, it just hurt too much. We only get to have each other for a week out of the month. What are we supposed to do with that? It’ll end soon. Your wedding is in two months. Wouldn’t it be easier to learn to just be friends now before we’re forced to?”
“I know, I’m sorry.” Castiel looked at the fridge. “Are you going to make breakfast? Jack will be hungry. You should leave lunch for him too.”
When Dean peeked into the room, he was shocked to see all of Castiel’s trinkets gone. His bed was stripped of the sheets and blankets, and the entire room looked lifeless. Dean looked around with wide eyes.
“You never called me after you supposedly talked to Dean and it worried me. Is your back door unlocked? I guess I’m about to find out.”
“Get the fuck away from me. If I see you again, I’m calling the cops.” Dean ran back to his car, Luke following him there.
Dean waited for Victor to walk away before letting his head hang again. He was in a pretty good subspace right now. His body felt warm, and his ass stung. His arms were starting to get a bit sore from being bound behind his back, though. He rolled his shoulders with a groan.
“Yes. I’m not proposing we get one now. It’s a bit soon, but maybe down the line, if you’re interested.”
Dean blinked in realization and relaxed. He genuinely hadn’t expected it, so it just startled him. He had already mentally prepared himself for this, so it wasn’t a big deal. “Oh, yeah. I guess I just forgot that we can do whatever we want now.” Dean gave Michael a sweet smile and let the alpha undress him.
Castiel sighs, his shoulders slumping lower and making his body curl in on itself. “I said, it’s a long story.”
Just being in the airport was anxiety-inducing. Security was everywhere and the lines were cramped. The room was somehow noisy and quiet at the same time. There was a bustle of movement and chatter, but everything seemed still. The airport felt like an alternate dimension, as strange as it sounded. Dean handed his boarding pass and ID to the TSA agent after an eternity of waiting in line. He thought he was in the clear, but then it was time to put his duffel and shoes on a conveyor belt and step through a metal detector.
That was, until he met a terrible at cooking, plant-obsessed dork. Now it mattered a lot. Castiel was an omega, but Dean didn’t care. He only knew him for a few days and he was stuck like glue to this guy, way more than any bromance. It didn’t make sense, but it didn’t matter.
A nurse practitioner looks at his eyes and ears and asks him a dozen questions about his tinnitus. Castiel doesn’t mention the voices for fear of being sent off somewhere. The nurse practitioner tells him that he’s developing migraines and recommends an over-the-counter migraine painkiller for whenever he has one. She tells him that if it gets worse, he needs to go to a neurologist for treatment. Castiel thanks her and leaves the building.
“It’s pretty good. I got my GED and I’m in college now, but I start nursing school at Missouri State in the fall.”
Castiel laughed softly. “Can’t help it. You’re cute when you sleep. C’mon,” he patted Dean’s shoulder, “Go hop in the shower.”
Dean pulled out a few books and spent some time reading to Claire. She was just starting to learn how to read, so they had lots of children’s books stocked up to help her learn. Reading was one of her favorite things to do, because she adored one on one time with Dean.
Dean’s chest felt warm, and in Castiel’s arms, he felt safe. Every part of him was screaming about how right this was. This was how things were supposed to be. No putting on fake smiles, no sneaking out of bed at night, no worrying about fancy weddings or dealing with long work hours and time spent apart. This was perfect, this was right.
Dean sat up slowly and let Castiel help him up. Club staff was right behind them to wipe everything down, so they moved out of the way quickly.
Castiel glanced back at Dean’s laptop. “Would it be okay if I emailed my sister from your computer? I don’t have an email account.”
“Where are we going?” Claire was observant and curious, which made her ask a lot of questions at times.
Dean uses one hand to stroke the feathers of Castiel’s wing and uses the other to cup the back of his neck. Their foreheads touch and their eyes are closed. The world is small again, reducing down to just the pair of them.
“Really? Essays are the worst. With math, there’s only one right answer, and several ways to get there. If you know at least one way to get there, you’re right, every time. It builds on itself and there’s always more methods and concepts to learn. With essays, there’s not a right answer. You just blindly guess and hope your professor likes what you threw together.”
The man holds a hand up. “That was a gift. There’s no need to pay for it. However, the rest of them are for sale, and you are welcome to buy them.”
“Yes, it was that bad. I wouldn’t have done this if it wasn’t bad.” Castiel wished he could stay in the room with Dean, but the hospital insisted on only one person at a time.
“Me too.” Castiel cupped Dean’s face and kissed him again. “I stashed condoms in the bottom drawer of your dresser earlier today.”
“Wow, this place is really nice. Did it come like this?” Castiel gapes as he looks around the apartment.
Castiel waves and walks back into his bedroom to get dressed. He puts on a t-shirt and bike shorts so he can go for a long bike ride before it gets hot. He leaves the house and starts biking to campus.
I worked for Bobby, fixing up cars. It was a good job. I barely graduated high school, but I finished. I worked as many hours as I could to try to save up for Sam’s college. When I realized that fixing cars wasn’t nearly enough, I started looking for other options. Another job wasn’t enough. I couldn’t afford to send myself to school. This was a last ditch effort. So yeah. That’s my life.”
In the wee hours of morning, Castiel feels movement. He expects to see Dean getting up but instead he sees him writhing in his arms. Castiel sits up and frowns. “Dean, wake up. It’s just a dream.” He gently shakes him and that’s when all hell breaks loose.
Dean’s hand moved faster and faster as he chased the slowly building orgasm. His toes curled and he panted into Castiel’s neck, his teeth scraping the skin. He swore he heard the omega moan when he did that, but he was too distracted to acknowledge it. Dean gasped a few times, teetering right on the edge of orgasm. He wasn’t as frantic as yesterday with Castiel’s calming scent here, but he still couldn’t get off. He felt Cas’s hand leave his hair and move to his hip.
Dean put his head back down. “Excuse me, sassy. I’ve never seen angel wings before. I always thought they were white.”
It hurt to see Castiel leave, but when Dean greeted Michael in his room, he put on a smile. It was time to get used to that feeling. Michael’s arms felt cold around him, and everything felt sterile.
Dean grabbed the sheets, panting softly. The sensation of the collar already had him so aroused that he felt like his head might explode. His cheeks were red hot, and his ass still stung.
“Mr. Novak, have you been feeling well lately?” Dr. Adler stares up at Castiel, hands clasped together in his lap.
Sam pauses before speaking again. “So you study English? Is it a fun major? I’ve been considering it. Law schools accept a lot of different majors and English is a popular one.”
Cas follows right behind Dean, swearing and gasping as he comes on Dean’s stomach. As soon as he’s done, he moves up and off Dean before rolling to the side to lie next to him.
Dean nodded and pulled back, exposing his own neck. He ran a hand through Castiel’s hair, threading his fingers into the dark locks. It was a shockingly intimate moment between two people who were supposed to stay entirely platonic.
Dean cheered and clapped Castiel on the back. The rest of the group poured shots of their choice and took them while Dean stood idly by. Castiel took notice and tilted his head.
Dean spent a little longer in the shower to get really clean and avoid any suspicion with Michael. He knew Michael probably wouldn’t like it if Castiel’s scent was still on him.
“Mine aren’t that bad. I have a few scholarships that are helping a lot. I paid almost nothing at KU. It’s here that I’m paying more, but that’s alright. It’s manageable. My tutoring job helps a lot. It means I actually have grocery money and I can live in this place. It doesn’t cover everything, but it helps.”
Castiel shakes his head. “I just don’t understand why you even have it. Yeah, downtown Athens can be scary at night, but under your pillow? Has that always been there every time I’ve slept in here?”
Castiel furrows his brows. “Now that I think about it, he never acts any different when he’s drunk. I don’t think he gets drunk.”
Dean sighed. “I’m sorry, that was a dick thing to say.” He stared at his hand, fingers toying with the ring.
Castiel pulled Dean out of the tub and wrapped him in a bathrobe and a blanket to keep him covered up. He tucked the omega’s head against his neck and carried him to the car.
Castiel clicked on the email address provided and started a new email draft. He was about to start typing when all thought left his head. “What do I even say?”
“Every Waffle House in the country looks exactly like this.” Castiel nods politely to the waitress when she brings their waters. “I should say, I don’t love this place because the food is divine. It is good, but it’s not fancy by any means. It’s cheap, and perfect when you’re super hungry.”
Dean got up and left the room in time to see Sam starting down the stairs. He turned around to look at Dean and snorted softly.
With a sigh, Dean waits for something to happen. He tries not to stare at the obvious couples that he can see across the street. They make him long for something that he still thinks he can’t have.
Dessert was served a few minutes later. It was some fruity sorbet that Dean didn’t care for. He stayed out of the conversations for the rest of the meal, letting his mind wander. He hoped Bobby and Sam were taking good care of Baby. He wished he could have her here, but what was the point? He wasn’t allowed to drive anywhere.
Dean let out a sigh of relief before drawing in a massive breath as he tumbled over the edge. He couldn’t moan, couldn’t speak, couldn’t think. He just took in gasping breaths with soft noises behind them as stars appearing in his vision. He came harder than he ever had in his life.
Dean nearly ran to the bathroom and closed the door. He felt choked, trapped, maybe even suffocated. Dean had his fair share of hookups in his time, but this was different, and so much more volatile. That didn’t feel like a hookup. It felt like something more, and it scared Dean more than anything had in years.
For the rest of the day, Dean did the best he could to get ahead on his work. It wasn’t too hard, fortunately. A lot of the cases ended up being duds.
“That sounds like something a murderer would say!” Castiel grew up far away from guns. He had only ever seen one in a police holster, never in use or out in the open. He had never touched one himself, until now.
Dean presses a few kisses to Castiel’s temple, cheek, and nose. He starts moving more into Castiel’s space. “That’s good.”
The next day, Castiel only comes out of his room for food. He feels like being an absolute couch potato. He stays in his bed with his laptop. The first order of business is to finish all of his homework. Once that’s done, he starts binge-watching Netflix. It’s a good day overall.
They laid there for a while, just slowly rocking together and exchanging slow kisses. Finally, the need for release kicked in and Castiel ramped up the speed, fucking into Dean with newfound fervor. Soft moans and grunts turned into long groans and gasps of pleasure. Dean braced one hand against the headboard to push back against Castiel and let his other hand remain on the back of Castiel’s neck, keeping him as close as possible.
Dean’s mouth watered when his plate was sat in front of him. Dinner was a filet steak with garlic mashed potatoes and fresh green beans. There was a side salad too, but Dean had no plans of touching it. He just wanted what was on the big plate in front of him. He waited for all the plates to be served before digging in. Everything was delicious, including the side salad that he told himself he wouldn’t touch. Sam would be proud.
Dean stands up first and walks over to the counter. Once he arrives, he gestures for Castiel to go in front of him. “Go on.”
Castiel blinked. “Oh, right. I was going to tell you, since it’s going to be public and I didn’t want it to startle you too much. You know the company dinner we’re going to on Friday? Michael is going to propose in front of everyone there.”
Dean met Castiel’s eyes as their first course was being served. The other omega looked concerned, maybe even a little hurt. Dean tried to convey the most apologetic look he could without being too suspicious. Castiel glanced at Michael and back at Dean, raising a brow in question. Dean gave a tiny nod just before a plate was set in front of him. He didn’t recognize anything on it except the slice of bread, which had to be fancy based on the crisp crust and holes throughout the middle.
“No, it’s okay. That’s a fairly logical conclusion to reach.” Castiel stood up and looked at the time. “You want to go downstairs and get some lunch? It’s getting pretty late for lunch, so I’m pretty hungry.”
Dean was tense around Michael all weekend. Fortunately, Michael was way more distant nowadays. He did his own thing around the house, hardly paying attention to Dean or Claire. He paid so little attention that Claire didn’t even call him ‘dad’ most of the time. She had started calling him ‘Mikey’ recently, which Dean found funny only because Michael hated being called that.
Dejected, he wonders if he should leave. A concert by himself doesn’t seem too appealing. He looks around at all the groups of friends, the couples, and the families. He looks out of place by himself.
There was a soft chuckle behind Dean. “Okay, I can talk. You know, sometimes I wish I could sit here and tease you endlessly. I’d spent hours taking you apart and putting you back together. I know I can’t right now, it’s not worth the risk with your heat, but I would if I were able.”
Dean nodded. “Yeah. First time was right after Claire was born. I was a mess because she was in the NICU, and Michael thought it would help comfort me. I let him and then it rejected. The only perk of that was getting to spend the night in the hospital for a few nights so I was closer to Claire. The second time was a year after that, on our anniversary. He tried again, and it seemed like it stuck at first, but then the pain started and I went back to the hospital. I still have a faint scar where he tried.” Dean brushed his fingers over his next, over a faint, circular scar.
“Dean, it’s just me. Nothing’s happening.” Castiel keeps his voice low and calm, watching Dean carefully.
Dean took a moment to get a good look at Castiel. He never really thought about it before, but Castiel was bot. Dean slowly moved over Castiel, straddling his hips. “Is this okay?”
The new semester marks a new beginning in Castiel and Dean’s relationship. Now that they’re public, things are a little easier. They openly express their affection around their friends and even go on more public dates. Castiel worried the night of the party that Dean would freak out once he was sober, but he was completely fine, happy even.
Dean’s eyes widened. “Shit! Gimme that, he’s my little brother.” When Castiel handed him the phone, he immediately answered. “Sammy?”
Dean smiled. He could hear the joy in Castiel’s voice. He sounded so much more sure of himself now, he wasn’t as secretive or insecure. It was so refreshing to see. “If you don’t mind me asking, what’s the story behind Jack?”
Castiel laughed. “Oh no, she’s not my girlfriend. I have a pride flag, I’m very homosexual.” He immediately regrets outing himself like that. He has no idea if Dean is accepting or not. He’s usually good about scouting someone out before saying anything, but for some reason, he slipped today.
“Then everyone can watch me tan your hide for being a brat.” Castiel stood up from the couch and surveyed the room. There was a free spanking bench near one of the stages. “Come on.”
“No, mostly because of the wars I fought with them back in the day, but that too. You’re the nicest demon I’ve ever met… actually, no you’re not. Jody and Donna are nicer than you.”
“I’m good. What about you? Are you nervous?” Castiel seemed more postured than usual. He looked serious and professional, brows knit together permanently, unlike when he would relax at home. While Dean was slumped casually against the wall, Castiel was merely propped against it, arms crossed over his body. He looked stunning in his suit.
“You’re welcome. Any time.” Castiel closes his eyes and rests his head on his pillow. “Goodnight, Dean.”
“Well, the station decided otherwise. It shouldn't be for very long. They’ll find a better place for you than with me.”
“Everyone has a different approach to writing. My method is pretty much exactly the advice I gave you. I outline everything to see it better,” Castiel explains.
Dean pulls back from the hug. “I went back to the house to grab a book I forgot, and this lady was there. She pinned me to the wall and held me there while she just stared at me. Then Gabriel shows up and he stabs her and she dies in a ball of light. It was insane. What happened to you?”
Dean woke up to the sound of a gentle knock on his door. He hadn’t even realized that he had fallen asleep. With a yawn, he rubbed his eyes and sat up. “Come in.”
Castiel sighs sadly and finishes his cereal. He’s pretty much packed to go home, but he wants to miss the morning Atlanta traffic, so he decides to wait a few hours before leaving.
Dean felt a gentle shake on his arm and opened his eyes. He saw Michael, then looked out the window and saw the house. Looking at the house, he realized how ready he was to be home. Michael carried their suitcases into the house and Dean opened the door for him. It was late at night, so Dean didn’t expect to see anyone. He was still really jetlagged, but he wanted to see Castiel.
Dean doesn’t speak. His face is a mixture of terrified and heartbroken. He looks away and wraps his arms around himself.
Dean sighed. He had been thinking about what he wanted to say. “I woke up in a really bad mood, for no reason that I could pinpoint. I was just short-tempered and testy. When you started insisting on figuring out what was wrong, I stormed out, also for no good reason. I just started driving, since that calms me down. I kept going, and after a while, I figured it out.”
Luke chuckled. “I’m not messing with you. He’s gone, Dean. I will be too, soon. It’ll just be you, Mikey, and Gabriel. Probably just you and Michael after a while. I know Gabriel was looking at houses closer to the bakery.”
During scenes, Dean felt tired. He didn’t put in as much effort as before, and Castiel was picking up on it. He kept asking what was wrong, and Dean would just say he was tired, and they would stop. It made Dean upset to have to stop, mostly because he didn’t know why he wasn’t feeling it. His biggest fear was that he was getting bored. He loved Castiel dearly, but things didn’t feel alive like they used to.
Sam crossed his arms, pulling a major bitch-face at Dean. It faltered when he realized the Uber was pulling into the drop-off lot at the airport. “Do I get to come in with you?”
Dean nods and turns his head back towards the cups. He throws the ball and it sinks into a cup in the back row. “Hey, I’m not bad at this.”
Castiel smiled softly and kissed the top of Dean’s head. “You’re sweet.” He hugged Dean a little closer. “Like I said, the more you know about me, the less you’re going to like me. I’m not...normal.”
Dr. Barnes gave Dean’s shoulder a squeeze. “You have a couple of options for what you want to do now. The temporary suppressant needs a dose every twelve hours to keep working. We can keep you here until your heat is over and continue giving you doses, or we can send you home tomorrow morning and your heat will start again tomorrow night.”
Dean was monumentally relieved when Castiel told him what was going on. Having that information without Castiel knowing would have eaten at him horribly. “I’m sorry that’s going on. If you can get a phone number and call him, I can trace the phone call and get a location.”
He finally turns to leave, but he runs straight into someone as he takes a step forward. He backs up as soon as he realizes what happened. “Shit, sorry, I was just-” He freezes when he spots a familiar face. “Cas?”
Castiel arrives at the house close to eight. He unpacks his bag and decides to sit on the couch to wait for Dean. He can barely sit still while he watches TV and scrolls through his phone. Every minute is an anxious hour. He stares at the door over and over, willing himself to hear the purr of the impala in the driveway.
Dean nodded. “No worries, see you in a bit. Thanks, Cas.” He was a little surprised when Castiel hugged him tightly, but he accepted it nonetheless.
“No! God, no. Do that again.” Castiel is breathless, rolling his hips into Dean’s hand. His wings are fluttering and puffed up with arousal.
Dean smiled softly. “That’s probably smart.” He looked down at the bed and took Castiel’s hand. “Let’s just think of it as having all the fun we want. I want it to be that way, to make it less stressful.”
“Ah, well good. Can you fly us into the nearest town? I don’t really think walking is going to be practical here.”
Castiel laughs, picking up his beer and finishing it off. “Beer pong is an anomaly. A lot of people get better when they get drunk. I’m one of them. I’m shit at this game when I’m sober.”
There’s a moment of silence before Dean’s hands close a little tighter around Castiel’s. “I’m not going anywhere, okay? Just talk me through what’s going on. I’m here.”
Castiel knew he was in deep shit when Luke was the first to show up to the hospital. He tapped his foot anxiously. He had been waiting outside the room for an hour now.
Castiel let go of Dean and nodded. “How about tonight, we order pizza and watch a movie together? Maybe later this week, when neither of us are working, we can have a date night and go out to eat.”
The man standing next to him has to be the most beautiful person he’s ever seen. He’s about Dean’s height, maybe an inch shorter. His hair is dark and messed up in the most perfect way. The part of him that takes Dean’s breath away is his eyes. Staring into them feels like walking out into the ocean to be swallowed by the waves.
Castiel rested his forehead against Dean’s, his breathing a little heavy. His scent was powerful in the room, wafting over Dean and turning him on more than anything he had ever smelled in his life. Despite this, he stayed calm and waited for Castiel to make a move first.
Castiel hugs Dean a little tighter. “Well, you’re getting over that fear, at least a little. If you weren’t, we wouldn’t be here like this right now.”
Dean grins. “Very much so.” He uses his fingers in Castiel’s hair to pull his head back so he can press his own kisses to Castiel’s neck.
Castiel turned his head and met Dean’s eyes with a soft smile. “Okay. I just didn’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
Castiel holds Dean’s hand and pulls him in, grabbing the back of his head and kissing him. It’s short, but he feels Dean kissing back before he lets go. “I think we can be crowned the kings of beer pong now.”
Castiel’s eyes widen and he swallows thickly. He takes a deep breath to calm himself. “It doesn’t matter. I’m still not doing anything you say.”
Castiel chuckled softly. “That’s the spirit. You should tell Michael where you’re going. When you walk out, go around the left side. There are a bench and table there.”
Cas brings a hand to his own cock and starts stroking himself. “Shit, Dean…” He takes a shaky breath. “You can move now.”
Castiel looks down both hallways of the apartment, spotting two separate doors, similar to the arrangement in his and Dean's house. “There’s two bedrooms. How do you not have a roommate?”
Dean furrows his brows. “You brought me here to have sex, and you’re asexual? Doesn’t that mean that you don’t have sex?”
As Dean was led inside, he spotted two more men and immediately caught their alpha scents. They were arguing, so the sharp smell of anger permeated the house. Gabriel made a gagging noise.
“Hey, I know what just happened was really scary, but I promise we’re safe now. I won’t let anything happen to you.” Dean sits up and puts a hand on Castiel’s back.
Dean stayed there for a little while, wanting to make sure that Castiel was fully asleep. Once he was sure, he carefully slid out from underneath Castiel’s head and stuck a pillow under him, laying his head gently on it.
“I do. He still has no idea that his little girl isn’t even his little girl. That one wasn’t hard to figure out. Castiel stole condoms from me on the exact date that should have lined up with her conception. I heard all of your discrepancies, trying to cover up what you had done. Michael is too dense to see it, but I’m not.”
“That’s good to hear. In case you’re wondering why I’m home, I just needed a day off. The bakery runs itself, but I like to be there. It’s been a while since I’ve taken a time off when the bakery wasn’t closed, so here I am.”
Dean made a face and nodded. “Now that you say that, yeah, I really wanna shower. I figured out all of those fancy knobs last time, now the question is: can I do it again?” He grabbed a blanket and wrapped himself in it. Even though Castiel had seen everything of him, he still felt subconscious when his heat wasn’t making him want to expose every part of himself to the other omega.
“Sorry, I’m going to pass out if I try to stay awake any longer,” Dean mumbles, looking up at Castiel with half-lidded eyes.
Dean wiped his eyes hard, pushing enough for it to hurt. He stopped when Castiel took his hands away from his face and wiped his tears for him. “What if I’m right?”
Dean carried the omelette upstairs along with a mug of coffee he made with the french press that Cas showed him how to use. He found Michael sitting on the edge of the bed in his work suit, blowing his nose and tossing the tissue into a little trash can. He took the food and coffee gratefully and started eating. He looked miserable, and his scent gave off that feeling too.
Castiel looks around, seemingly relieved to be back in the bunker. “I’ve been walking for two days. It’s a long story.”
“Here, this is enough to get you on your feet. If you ever come back here, cat comes out of the bag. I’ll tell Michael everything. I’d suggest you get out of Chicago entirely as soon as you’re able. I called a car to take you to wherever you need to go. I don’t care where.” He held out an envelope.
The alpha gave a soft huff. “I feel bad for the alpha, then. I have no idea how he’s put up with you.”
Dean stared into Castiel’s eyes pleadingly. “Just...do what I’m doing. To me.” His eyes drifted to Castiel’s lips and without thinking, he leaned up and kissed him, eyes fluttering closed. Surprisingly, Castiel was kissing him back. Even better, Dean felt Castiel’s hand replacing his own at his hole. Long, slender fingers teased at his rim, making him moan into the other omega’s mouth.
Castiel had known for a long time that Dean’s mom had died. He had mentioned it once or twice. Castiel just never knew what happened. He moves back next to Dean and takes his hand. After some exposure, the gun doesn’t scare him anymore, especially when it’s being held by someone he trusts so much. “Dean, I had no idea growing up was so hard for you. It makes me wish I had been there to help you. All I can do now is be supportive. If you ever need to talk or vent about anything that happened, I’m here. I don’t care how bad it is, I’ll listen and understand. I promise.”
Castiel’s thighs trembled with exertion as he lifted himself off of Dean and laid down beside him. Dean tied off the condom and threw it away, panting softly as he reached for tissues to wipe Castiel’s come off of his stomach.
Dean’s heat was unlike anything Castiel expected it to be. He expected it to be a week of heartbreak and longing, instead it let him give in to every desire he had with Dean. Their logic of ‘getting it out of their systems’ wasn’t solid...at all. It didn’t make much sense, but it didn’t matter. Those few days were perfect. Castiel didn’t even think about the condom breaking. Dean was right, he wouldn’t be fertile for another month or two after stopping the suppressants, not to mention the fertility issues that often came with PCOS.
Dean nodded and kissed Castiel again. “I remember you too. Specifically, I remember this…” Dean grinned and reached down to tickle Castiel’s sides, beaming at the gasp and heavy laughter from Castiel.
They climbed into bed together in just their boxers. It was impossible for them to stop touching, so when they got under the blankets, they tangled themselves together. Even their foreheads touched as they started to fall asleep, breath intermingling together between them.
Dean wasn’t sure what to do with himself the next day. Michael left early in the morning with a kiss to Dean’s forehead. Gabriel and Luke were gone too. Dean knew Castiel was still locked away in his room, so he didn’t have any company at all today. He made breakfast in isolation, watched TV, napped through lunch, ate a snack, sat in the sunroom, and by six that evening, Gabriel was back, much to Dean’s relief.
Castiel smiles back. “I think we will be too.” He looks at the time, turning his head over his shoulder to look at the clock on the wall. “We should get going. We’re going to be late.”
Gabriel leans against the couch with a whiskey and coke in hand. “I never got the idea of a ball dropping. How did it start?”
Castiel smiles and pulls Dean into his arms. Despite the experience and slight height differences, Castiel is the big spoon. They never talked about it, it just happened. Dean just loves to be held and Castiel loves to do the holding. They traded places for a night a day or two ago and it was okay. They liked it, but the usual setup is better.
Castiel knew Meg would probably be a little upset, but he promises himself that he’ll make it up to her. “I won’t again, I promise.”
Dean leaned against Michael as he walked upstairs to his room. He looked at his own bedroom and wanted to stay far away. That place was his safe haven to be with Castiel, and now he didn’t want to look at it.
“Yup. Strange world we live in. Anyways, Cas and I have things we do. We have a few board games, we tend to the houseplants in the sunroom, he reads in the garden and works out, I watch old movies on the big TV in the living room, and he helps me cook. To be honest, he’s a terrible cook. The first time I saw him try he turned a casserole into a brick of charred mess,” he chuckled. “Gabriel gets home a little after five and usually makes dinner. I help out since I don’t really have anything better to do. He’s an awesome cook. We eat and then I stay in the living room so I’ll see Michael when he gets home.”
Castiel laughs and puts his bag of chips away. Dean is still looking at him when he turns back around. He waves, and Dean waves back.
“What if I’m just freaking out for no reason and I just need to do it?” Castiel looks at Dean. “I want to, it just makes me so nervous right now.”
“Nice.” Dean followed Castiel as he started walking back inside. As he walked up the back steps, he suddenly felt a little woozy and started to sway. “I think I’m gonna go lay back down.”
Castiel nods and lies down next to Dean. “Okay. Thank you.” He closes his eyes, appreciating the silence in his head right now.
Meg shrugs. “I mostly just wanted to talk to you. Ruby could have taken me. She should be getting home any second now.” As if on cue, Castiel hears the door to the apartment open. Meg opens her bedroom door and walks out.
Castiel feels tears welling up in his eyes. “I still feel human. Zachariah said that I wouldn’t feel anymore, that it wouldn’t hurt, but it does. I feel everything. I feel the pain of all the things I’ve done, all the wars I’ve seen.” He takes in a shaky breath, tears pouring down his face. He looks at Dean. “I did it because they were going to kill you. They’re still going to if I don’t return to them.”
Castiel stares at Gabriel in disbelief. “How? This is the best apartment complex in Athens. Everyone wants to live here.”
“Fair enough, it was.” Castiel grins and pauses the conversation to keep eating. He never eats this amount of food on a regular basis, but tonight, he has a craving to satisfy.
Castiel nodded slowly. “I think you should try again. I really do. I don’t know how this started, but I know you. I know you’d be happier clean and sober.”
After a refreshing shower, Castiel ventures to the kitchen to make himself some lunch. He eats a sandwich and returns to his own room to work on some homework. He works for about an hour before returning to his bed for a while.
“You won’t have to. It’s just until we know this is working.” Dean brings a hand up and pushes a stray hair off of Castiel’s forehead. “Thank you.”
“Mmhm. Pancakes, bacon, and eggs. I figured that you’d have a hangover.” Dean leans against the doorframe, smiling at Castiel in a way that made his chest feel heavy. “You still remember last night, right? I didn’t think you were blackout.”
“I got out. I’ve been trying for months. I was trapped, but then Cas found me. He got me out. I’m in St. Louis at his house. Don’t worry, we’re going to keep paying for your school, I’ll figure something out-”
Time passed slowly, and Dean just laid there, listening to his cassette tapes. He started to really relax. He closed his eyes, and then he fell asleep.
Dean rolled over to face Castiel and hummed. “Yeah, just getting hot.” His eyes moved from Castiel’s eyes to his lips, then back to his eyes. He grinned when Cas did the same. Dean swung one leg over Castiel’s hips, rolling Castiel onto his back and straddling the omega’s hips. God, he was beautiful. His scent was all over the bed and it was glorious.
It took another full day before Castiel finally emerged from his room in the morning while Dean was making breakfast. The second Dean heard footsteps, his heart jumped into his throat from the excitement of seeing him again. He took a breath to calm himself before looking at the doorway to see Castiel walking in. The guy looked like shit. He had dark bags under his eyes, his hair was wet from a shower, and his clothes didn’t look like his own. Dean hid his grimace when he realized that the wrinkled white shirt was probably Luke’s.
“Okay, I need to get out of these clothes first, so give me a minute.” Dean kisses Castiel’s forehead before leaving the room quickly.
Dean watched as Castiel left, swearing he heard a growl as the other omega retreated to his room. He sighed and picked up the two plates, carrying them to the sink to wash and place in the dishwasher.
Dean expected to go to a fancy car to ride to the company dinner, but instead, he was greeted by a limousine. He gulped as he stepped into it and sat down. Castiel and Luke were on the other side, sitting a few feet apart. The air reeked of anger, and it was obvious that they had been fighting. Dean offered Castiel a comforting gaze, but Castiel wasn’t looking up from the floor.
Gabriel nods. “Well, in a way, it is your destiny. It’s what you’re supposed to do. But you know what I say? Fuck destiny. Fuck the plan Heaven has for you. You have to do what makes you happy.”
Sam listened and nodded along. “Sounds like you’ve got it figured out.” He looked around the bedroom before turning back to Dean. “So you told him about your PCOS and all the stuff that comes with it?”
Dean walks up to Castiel and puts his hands on his hips. “We’ll make it fun. Come on, we’ve got a lot to look forward to.”
“I know it’s cold, I’m sorry. We have to get your temperature down. We’re taking you to the hospital when Michael gets home.”
As Cas moves slowly over Dean, the same patient look stays on his face. Once he’s over Dean, he carefully lowers himself down until their chests are touching. “Forgive me for the slightly rude question, but have you ever had sex before? There’s no shame if you haven’t.”
When they arrived at the house, Jimmy was in the living room with Jack, helping him build with blocks. Dean took Claire upstairs to take a short nap, tucking her into bed. He walked back downstairs and went to sit on the porch. He needed fresh air and time to calm down and think.
“Someone is walking around with Nephilim grace. If an angel has it, they could absorb it and end up far more powerful.”
“I think it would hurt more to get so close to what we want without taking it than to just take it and then be done forever.”
Castiel dresses in his red button-up and black jeans. He actually makes an attempt to comb his hair down to no avail. It still sticks up like he just rolled out of bed. He gives up and walks out into the living room, spotting Dean on the couch. His boyfriend is dressed in a forest green button-up shirt that makes his eyes pop like nothing else does.
Castiel and his parents are the first ones there, so Castiel quickly claims a room with only one bed. Only one cousin gets the privilege of having a room by themselves, and Castiel was eager to be that cousin this year. He sets his bag down and immediately texts Dean to let him know that he scored the room with one bed.
Dean looks at Castiel almost like he pities him. A few seconds pass before Dean speaks. “Dangerous gigs with dangerous people. That’s why we moved around so much, most of it wasn’t legal.”
Castiel’s face flushes bright red and he looks down, smiling to himself. “So why wait? If you want this, then let’s try it. We start slow and build up as we go. We’re clearly meant to be more than friends, but we don’t have to jump from friends to a serious committed relationship. That’s not how these things work as far as I know.”
Dean watched them as they left the room and questioned whether or not he should start cooking. It wouldn’t take him long to make breakfast, and he didn’t want Cas’s food to be cold. After a few seconds, he gave in and started cooking.
Castiel kissed Dean’s cheek and rested his head on his shoulder. Comfortable silence fell over them and Dean felt sweaty and gross.
Michael followed Dean slowly. “I know the event was overwhelming for you. Even I find myself at my wit’s end at times during things like that.”
“Sounds good.” Dean picked up his phone to text Sam for a little while. He asked if Sam had started packing yet, to which Sam replied, “Of course, why wouldn’t I?” Dean chuckled softly and went to Facebook, which he rarely used, to check in on his friends. Charlie seemed to be doing good. She was working for a tech company now, and according to her latest statuses, she was in a relationship with a girl named Dorothy. Jo and Ash were working at the Roadhouse with Ellen. Sam had shared a few posts, mostly related to politics, particularly laws around conservation and climate change. Dean called Sam a nerd for it all the time at home, but secretly he was proud of the kid for standing up for what he believed in.
Silence falls over the room. The night feels peaceful and cool. The warm blankets of Castiel’s bed cocoon their bodies, which are pressed together so close that they keep each other warm. Both of them succumb to peaceful sleep, curled up together like two peas in a pod.
“It’s a defense mechanism. You were scared of your husband, so your body is on high-alert all the time now. I think it’ll get better with time, but it probably would even faster with a therapist. The first few sessions will be hard. You’ll have to unload a lot of information that you won’t want to at first, but you’ll be able to build up that trust. It takes time, but eventually it becomes relaxing to unload.”
“It’s fresh honey from that little fruit stand between Eatonton and Madison, you know, on 441 on the way to Milledgeville? The one that says ‘peches’ instead of peaches?”
“Thanks to you, I’m pretty sure I nailed it. You’re the best, man.” Dean reaches across the table and grabs Castiel’s hand, squeezing it before letting go.
Dean felt marginally better once he was clean. “Okay, I guess that makes sense. I don’t know a lot about this stuff, and my mind is all fuzzy from the heat.” His words slurred together slightly.
Now, Castiel is alone in his room, laying on his bed and staring up at the ceiling. He’s thinking about everything that happened today and wondering how he’s going to keep the secret.
“Just the regular.” Castiel nodded stiffly and left the room a little faster than Dean expected him to. He seemed...off. Dean frowned, but tried to just attribute his behavior to the lack of sleep.
“Yeah, it’s been hard sometimes, but it feels a lot easier without having to worry about the divorce.”
“Failure. I’ve watched you agonize over your schoolwork. You throw your heart and soul into it and then more. You avoided a relationship because you were afraid of it failing. I think it’s a reasonable fear to have. Failure is scary. But, I think you can push past it. You did with me. If you can push past your fear there, you can do it in other places. It’s okay to fail at things, it’s how we learn.”
“Dean!” Castiel shouts. He starts to run to him, but stops when a kitchen knife whizzes between them.
Jimmy nodded in understanding. “I know. It was hard for Cas too, but he’s done really well, and you will too. You just have to push through this hard part.”
His excitement rises when he feels Cas’s hand sliding down his chest and his stomach, pausing at the hem of his jeans. Dean waits for him to do something, then he realizes that Cas is waiting for permission. “Yeah, go ahead.”
Castiel runs into his room and closes the door. That was the first time he actually responded to the flirting, and attempted to flirt back. He isn’t sure how well that went for him.
Luke looked over at Michael. “Castiel left the day you guys flew to Hawaii. He just packed up his stuff and said he wanted to leave. I wasn’t about to hold him against his will.”
Castiel watches Dean for a moment before sighing. He rolls his shoulders, sits up straight, and something makes a noise.
Just as Castiel spoke, the scent hit Dean: omega. It was sweet and fresh, and Dean found himself wanting to scent the omega, but dear god that would be inappropriate right now. He was about to meet his future husband, an alpha. Dean hoped he was hiding his disappointment. If this beautiful omega wasn’t his future husband, then who was?
They got into the limo before Dean and Michael were done getting ready. Castiel sat down, still quiet and barely expressing any emotions. Luke was staring at him expectantly.
Castiel let out a small sigh of relief. “That’s good to hear. It should make wedding planning much easier. I know you were nervous about the date overlapping with your heat.”
“Alright.” He continued eating in silence for a few minutes before looking at Castiel. “Are you going to spend the night again?”
“Come on.” Michael started leading Dean towards the exit, waving and giving polite farewell wishes to everyone they passed. Dean waved to a few of the faces he remembered being introduced to.
Dean woke up feeling extra well-rested. He opened his eyes and saw the light of day outside. What was even stranger was that he wasn’t hot. He felt fine. “Cas?”
It became apparent after about twenty minutes that Michael was exhausted. He fell asleep with his arms wrapped loosely around Dean and his nose pressed to the back of his neck. Dean was still wide awake, especially after sleeping all day. He lasted about an hour in Michael’s arms before his growling stomach begged him to go eat. He glanced back at Michael and slowly shifted forward. He was glad to find out that Michael was a very heavy sleeper, because not even pulling his arms away or getting out of bed woke him up.
“Depends on how hungry you are. Get the waffle, and pick two or three sides. I get a waffle, bacon, and hashbrowns. I highly recommend the hashbrowns.”
Dean made two slices of thick french toast for each of them. He carried the pan over to the table and transferred the toast onto the plates. He smiled when he saw Castiel bringing over a glass bottle of pure maple syrup.
Dean shrugged. “Let’s find out.” He walked up to the door and knocked loudly. On the third knock, the wood splintered and Dean pulled his hand back. He waited a few seconds, then tried the doorknob. The door opened, and inside was a wasteland. There was dust everywhere, knocked over furniture, and broken windows.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, let’s go home.” He stood up out of Castiel’s lap and walked gingerly to the lockers. He unlocked his locker and took his clothes out, carefully dressing himself. He was glad he chose sweatpants and a sweatshirt tonight, because jeans would have been hell on his tender ass.
Dean wanted to cry upon hearing that. It was unfair sometimes how good Castiel was. It was definitely a feeling of unworthiness. Castiel was so good, and Dean never really felt that good. He certainly wasn’t good enough to truly be with Castiel. “I don’t want to wait forever, I just...you’re right. I can’t do it right now. I want it, but I just don’t know if I...deserve it. Especially after everything. I’ve never been a great person. Chicago gave me a chance to erase that, and I still wasn’t great. I had your child and never told you.”
Cas throws a leg over Dean’s waist and kisses him back, his hands sliding up and down Dean’s back. Fingers tease under the hem of Dean’s shirt without pulling, waiting for permission.
“I was thinking today that I want Dean to stop his suppressants. The way things are lining up, he may end up with one of his mini-heats right before the wedding and possibly the day of. I’d hate for him to be uncomfortable all day on a day that important. If he stopped the suppressants now, he would start and finish a heat within the next ten days, guaranteeing a heat-free wedding and honeymoon. The only problem is-”
Dean’s chest twisted at the realization that Castiel lied to him. He nodded and turned his attention back to the TV without really watching it, instead trying to process the information he had received.
Castiel seemed to pick up on the tension almost immediately and stopped eating to look at Dean. “What’s wrong?”
“Ooh, nice place.” Gabriel walked into the living room and saw Dean sitting on the couch, both kids playing on the living room floor. “Dean!”
Castiel answers for both of them, “We’ll both take a waffle with a side of bacon and hashbrowns, scattered, smothered, and covered. I’ll have water to drink.”
Castiel shrugs. “Not a lot. Mostly the fact that I’ve never been in one. I suppose it’s Dean who’s not ready. He shared why in confidence with me so I’m going to have to leave those details out.”
Castiel slowly packed the things he wanted to keep as the wedding approached. He packed keepsakes and little trinkets he had collected. He kept trying to find a way to access his personal funds, at least enough to get an apartment, but it was impossible. The account was in Luke’s name, and Castiel couldn’t even get to an ATM to take cash withdrawals. Luke had promised him enough money to get by, but Castiel had no idea how much that would be. It would be either way too much or way too little. All he could do was hope Luke was feeling generous.
“For your sake, I hope it does. I know you don’t do well cooped up. Bobby’s already worried about you.”
“Fuck, Cas! Ahh-oh! Shit…” His words were muffled by the pillow, which was still squashed against his face.
Dean nods slowly, taking in the new information. “Okay, that makes sense.” He takes another sip of water. “Why don’t you use labels?”
“I’m fine. God! That sucks!” Dean rubbed his face and looked around. They were in a dimly lit alley.
Dean led Jack to the guest bedroom that he usually reserved for Sam. “You’ll be staying in here. Make yourself at home, I guess.”
“Oh, fuck yes, please.” Dean spread his legs further, craning his neck to try and look back at Castiel. He saw him scooting closer and moaned when a finger started circling his hole. Dean’s eyes widened when he saw Castiel licking the finger clean while making eye contact with Dean.
Tomorrow, he was leaving right after Michael and Dean. He had contacted Meg and asked if he could stay with her temporarily, to which she accepted gladly. He promised not to freeload for too long. She told him to shut up and just take the spare room. She was a good friend.
Dean sighs and looks at Castiel. “I still can’t believe you were an angel. I can’t believe I saw you as an angel. It was really weird.”
Castiel nods and hangs on to Dean. “I’m not crazy! Please, please don’t let go.” Castiel’s grip on Dean’s hands tightens even more. “I feel like I’m drowning. I’m going under and nothing is going to be able to pull me out.”
Michael rolled his eyes. “I don’t typically eat much for breakfast other than a greek yogurt parfait with granola and berries.”
Castiel relaxes into the touches at first, then starts to tense up. He knows where this may lead, and he’s not sure about it.
Dean nodded quickly and looked around for what to do with his plate. He smiled when it was taken out of his hand and Cas rinsed it off in the sink before putting it and the fork into the dishwasher. “Thanks.”
Gabriel stands up and walks over to Castiel. “Hey, you good?” The moment his hand touches Castiel’s shoulder, the ringing stops.
Dean’s eyes widen and he laughs. “No you didn’t.” He nudges Castiel in the hopes that he’ll shut up.
Dean yawns and checks his own phone. “I have a quiz in my 11:00 class today, so I have to get up. I didn’t study last night for this quiz, so I’m gonna have to cram for it on the bus.”
Dean nodded. “Yeah. I ended up calling for an ambulance, and they got there right after she was born. I ended up being fine, but they lectured Michael hard, saying that I could have died. I had admitted to them that I waited because my husband said so. Claire stayed in the NICU for 35 days before going home.” When Dean looked at Castiel, he was crying.
Dean smiles big, clearly proud of his gift. “I’m really glad you like it. Now, put some clothes on and let’s get to Gabriel’s place. If you’re having a bad time I’ll make up an excuse and we’ll leave.”
Dean was grateful to have some more alone time with Sam. It was nice to just be in each other’s presence. They watched two Star Wars movies together, A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back. Sam was tired by the end of the movies, so he went upstairs to bed. Dean debated where he should sleep. Michael was pretty sick, and Dean really didn’t want to catch whatever he had. After a few minutes, he decided to stay on the couch. He pulled a quilt over himself and slept peacefully.
“No more.” Dean’s heart always melted when Claire smiled like that. It didn’t happen at all when Michael was in the house. Truthfully, Claire was scared of him. Whenever she got too loud or rowdy, Michael would shout at her until she was quiet. Dean hated it when he did that and tried to stand up for Claire, but he got shut down every time.
Dean blinked in surprise. Gabriel wasn’t kidding. “O-Okay. He’s going to Stanford. He has a big scholarship, but there are still a lot of expenses, I guess.”
Castiel looks to Zachariah for orders, but then something grabs him. He blinks and suddenly he’s getting pelted in the face by pouring rain. He looks around and sees the edge of a cliff that leads down to roaring waters that crash against the side of the cliff. They’re on a tall island that’s about half the size of a football field. He wipes the water from his face and looks over his shoulder to see Gabriel and Dean.
Castiel nodded, but paused. “I don’t know if I can. It’s helped so much with his heats, what if his heat goes wrong again?”
“I invited him over to patch things up over dinner.” Dean started plating the food. “What are you up to?”
“Fuck normal. I like you.” Dean huffed and ran his hand up Castiel’s chest. “You don’t have to stay clothed. I know you got really hot and sweaty last time.” Castiel’s scent was turning sour with anxiety, making Dean sit up. “I’m sorry, you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to.”
“As much grease as you can give me,” Gabriel grinned. Not even a cold took down his sarcastic and playful nature.
Michael frowned. “I would strongly prefer it if you did. I don’t want you to take them once we’re married. The agreement with Castiel worked for a long time. Just once more, and then never again.”
Dean steps into the room, one hand behind his back. “Before you get ready, I got something for you.”
“Thanks. I’ll try.” Dean sat and watched Jack play for a while before going inside to wake Claire up from her nap. He brought her outside to play on the playground for a while with Jack.
Castiel takes his phone out as well, playing a random game he downloaded a week ago while he waits for Meg.
Dean smiled softly and looked down. “Despite my poor decision making, I’m happy I met Castiel. He’s my best friend.”
“So why did you expect it? You were nervous before we started, like you knew this would happen.” Dean ducks under Castiel’s wing and moves to sit beside him.
Gabriel came running upstairs, his face paling when he saw Dean. “Get him covered up. We’re going to the ER.”
“Dean! Dean, stop! That’s enough!” Castiel howled with laughter, breathing heavily once Dean finally stopped. “Fine, and I remember that you like it when I do this.” He grabbed Dean’s wrists and pinned them over his head, straddling Dean’s waist.
“I have to bring them to this plane to be able to groom them.” Castiel turned to look at Dean and glared a bit. “Don’t stare.”
“I knew you would.” Castiel leaned up and kissed Dean’s cheek. “Thank you for being patient with me. I know I took a while to let this happen.”
Dean disappears into the bedroom, and Castiel hears a thud, presumably the duffel bag hitting the ground.
The pair exited the shower and got dressed. Stepping out of that room felt bigger than it should have. They parted ways, each going to a different end of the hallway to greet their partners.
“It’s his tinnitus. It’s been really bad lately. Health services think it’s migraines. I’ll go grab his pills for it,” Dean answers, leaving the room.
“Dean, I’ve met a lot of omegas in my life, but I’ve never met someone like you. You’re different, and I like that about you. I know it hasn’t been long, but I know what I want, and what I want is for you to be in my life. I know marriage was kind of part of the deal when you came here, but I’m a traditional man, and I think you deserve to be proposed to properly,” he pulled a box out of his pocket and opened it. Inside was a silver ring that looked like woven strings of metal, swirled together in an elegant pattern. “So, will you marry me?”
They made salmon for lunch and Jimmy deposited a plate in front of Castiel’s bedroom door. After lunch, Jimmy left to go pick up Jack. Dean didn’t have to pick up Claire for another hour, but he decided to take a short ride in Baby, just to be behind the wheel.
Dean’s eyes widen and he hides behind Castiel. “If I get tossed off a cliff twice today I’m going to lose it.”
Over dinner, they finally had a chance to just talk. They lived together, so there were many conversations in passing, but it had been a while since they just sat together and had a good conversation. It was refreshing.
Dean laid down while Castiel sat beside him. Dean simply held his hand while he fell asleep, grateful for the rest.
Charlie raises her hand. “It’s from a nineteenth century maritime tradition. Ports would drop time balls at noon and ships would use that to know what time it was.”
Cas rubs his head where it knocked against Dean’s. “Hello, Dean. Next time, I think our greeting might need to be less painful.”
Dean nodded. “Okay.” He stared at the floor, brows furrowed slightly in confusion. Michael didn’t propose. Castiel said he was going to, and here they were, about to go home after several hours here and nothing happened.
They fall into bed together and the clothes quickly disappear. Despite Castiel’s inexperience, he takes charge of the situation. There’s a moment where Dean says something.
“Jesus, Cas! Have you been there the whole time?” Dean rubs his hands together, having caught himself on them.
Dean shook his head. “Not really. I always liked the idea of collaring, but I never really had the chance to actually try it before now. As for the choking, I thought I hated it. I always just had people come at me with both hands to friggin’ strangle me, and it was terrifying. It was different with you. You didn’t completely cut me off, and I trust you. I know that you’d never hurt me.”
Dean held Castiel’s hips and guided him up and down, moans spilling from his mouth as Castiel moved. He rolled his hips up to meet Castiel every time he moved down.
Castiel washed himself with a little help from Dean, who turned around to face him. It was times like this when they were grateful for the large tub.
“Call it fate, destiny, whatever you like. All I know is that I think we have very good things ahead of us.” Cas grabs a few tissues off of the nightstand and wipes up the mess on Dean’s stomach before sliding up against his side with his head on Dean’s chest.
Dean gasped and cried out, face falling back into the pillow. Just the idea of what Cas was doing set Dean’s insides on fire. His eyes damn-near rolled back into his head when Castiel added his fingers to the mix. He curled them against Dean’s prostate while tracing his rim and tongue-fucking him. Dean rolled his hips back against Cas’s face, gripping the pillow in two fists.
Dean scowled. “Jesus, man. I knew he was a dick, but that’s some next-level bullshit.” He laid down on Castiel’s chest and tucked his face into his neck. “I can’t imagine how he wouldn’t want only you. You’re drop-dead gorgeous, dude.”
He tried, he really tried to fight back tears. Of course, Dean had thought this decision through before he got here. He thought long and hard on if this was the right decision or not, and inevitably decided to give up his life, his freedom, for Sammy.
Castiel looked in the rearview mirror at his son and then back at the road. “Well, it was nearly three years ago now. I met a woman named Kelly. She dated Luke, briefly. He got her pregnant and refused to see her again. She was desperate for help and tried every angle. She found out about me and tracked me down. We became good friends, and she decided that I would be the baby’s godfather. She had a hard pregnancy, but I tried to help her through it. I got a call at work one day to come to the hospital, and she was gone. The baby was motherless with a deadbeat dad. She had a will, and in it, I was to get custody of him. I adopted him as soon as I was able to. The process took a while, but I needed to do it to ensure that he would stay with me and as far away from Luke as possible.”
“It’s my little brother. He flew down here to surprise me. I had no idea he was coming. Apparently he saved up money at his job at the local burger joint to buy a plane ticket.” Dean cups Castiel’s face and kisses him quickly. “And he can’t know about us. Not yet. It’s too soon.”
Meg leans forward and clasps her hands together. “Go on. Throw one right now. I’ll bet fifty bucks that you don’t even hit one of my cups.”
Dean nodded and stood back up, looking around the garden. “Do you guys eat the vegetables you grow?”
“Okay.” Dean rolled to the side instead of falling straight down, wanting to avoid falling into his own release. His ass and thighs burned and ached. He knew he was going to feel this for days, and it was glorious.
Dean stands up from the couch and stretches his arms over his head before grabbing his keys. “Let’s get this show on the road.” He leads the way out to the car to drive them to Gabriel’s apartment.
“Huh. I didn’t think you’d be from around here.” He pauses. “This might be a little invasive, but is your family super religious? I’m like ninety percent sure Castiel is an angel name.”
Dean nodded, falling silent for a moment. He had to tell him about Claire at some point. There was no use hiding it. “You could always have kids with another omega.”
“Sure.” Dean was handed a remote that went to a large TV at the foot of the bed. He turned the TV on and navigated to Netflix. He really didn’t know what he wanted to watch. After scrolling for a bit, he just picked a random documentary about the ocean. That would be calming to watch. He laid down with Michael when prompted and curled up to him. Usually, Dean wouldn’t be this affectionate, but he wanted to get used to this kind of intimacy with Michael quickly. It felt kind of nice to be held like this while he watched TV.
“Are you alright?” Castiel’s voice was soft as he spoke to Dean, a gentle hand laying on Dean’s forehead.
Dean sat up and picked up the burger. He took a large bite and his eyes widened at the flavor. “Holy shit, that’s amazing.”
Gabriel brought the food to the table, much to everyone’s delight. It was really nice to have a calm breakfast with Castiel and Gabriel again. It gave Dean hope that everything was going to be okay now that they were restricted to being only friends, forever.
Dean smiled and started walking back towards the bedroom. “Yeah. What if we met under even darker circumstances? You save my life, so we’re kinda bonded by that. I’m more gruff, more tough, but underneath that, it’s still me. I go on dangerous trips and you tag along sometimes.”
Every past of his body felt like it was on fire. He moaned with every thrust, his body shaking. Shockingly, he felt himself getting hard again.
“Yeah, I think so. It’s a lot for her too. I don’t think I realized how bad it was with Michael until today. Things felt so different without him, but better. Poor Claire, she was terrified of him.”
Getting to know Dean had to be one of the greatest joys of Castiel’s life. Dean was charismatic, funny, nurturing, and he smelled divine. Castiel had to resist the urge to scent him at times.
“You know, this pain you’re feeling, it’ll be gone soon. Angels don’t feel emotion, not obedient ones. It’ll be over soon.”
With an anxious gait, he makes his way down to where the crowd condenses. The entire street is lined with people. The road is cleared out and blocked in preparation for the parade.
Castiel nods. “You’re right. I won’t be happy as an angel. Not to mention that I’d lose Dean, so I guess that makes it a no-brainer, huh?”
Castiel shrugs. “English and reading classes were my favorite all throughout my primary education. They were the only classes I looked forward to. I’ve always known that I’m good at instruction and I’m a very patient person so teaching just feels like the right job for me. I want to be a professor, since I’m not great with kids. I feel like young adults are easier and the content is more fun to teach. I want to write my own books and be an established author too. Writing has always been my escape from reality.”
“Oh god, Cas! Fuck!” Dean had to put his arms on the headboard to brace himself as Castiel fucked him. It was fast, intense, and Deans’ head was spinning.
Dean follows Castiel, looming over his shoulder like a concerned parent or partner. He follows Castiel all the way back to his room.
The next plant Castiel showed Dean was smaller, in a painted black terra-cotta pot. “This is one of the more expensive plants I own. It’s a pink princess philodendron.” Castiel showed Dean the dark green leaves that contrasted with the bright pink ones. Some of the green leaves had streaks of pink in them. “Her name is Peggy. It’s not the rarest of plants, but it’s in high demand, so people pay a lot for it.”
“Because if you do, you’ll have a bounty on your head and all of Heaven will be on your ass. Trust me, that’s a position you don’t want to be in. Once we find you, we’ll torture you until you learn the meaning of obedience again.”
Sam smiled to himself, the appreciation clear on his face. He set his duffel down and took a seat at the table.
Castiel got home once Dean was out of the shower and ready. He walked up the stairs and smiled at Dean. “You look nice. I’ll try to shower quickly.”
“Really? Huh, I’ve heard they usually don’t give out those heavy suppressants until you’re at least eighteen.”
Dean gave a quick nod, eager to go up to his room. “Okay. Thanks.” He waited for Michael to start to walk away before quickly walking up to his room. Reality was setting in now, and it was hitting Dean hard. He closed his bedroom door and started pulling his suit off, carefully laying the individual pieces out to put away later. He pulled on his one pair of pajama pants and a t-shirt before curling up in bed.
Dean shook his head. He glanced across the table at Jack, who was staring at them with wide eyes. “Great, look at us, fighting in front of the kid.”
The sound of a car door closing outside signals Meg’s arrival. Castiel opens the door and smiles brightly at her. As she runs, her long brunette hair sways behind her.
Castiel ran his hands along Dean’s chest and circled his thumbs around his nipples before pinching them, grinning at the groan he pulled from Dean. “I remember all of you like it was yesterday.”
Castiel decides not to tell his parents about the migraines during their weekly phone call. It feels like too much to put on them right now. He just tells them about his relationship with Dean, which they were thrilled to hear about. Their excitement didn’t match Sam’s, which Castiel gets to hear over the phone. He claims that he knew they would be a couple and congratulates them. As for the voices still going in Castiel’s head, he stays low-key and tries to hide his symptoms from his friends.
“Yeah.” Dean closed his eyes for a few minutes, just relaxing in the calm energy of the room. Their scents were mixed together nicely, more so than they had ever been back in Chicago.
Dean nodded. “Agreed. Whenever it feels right, we’ll get back into it.” He finished his own lunch and washed his dishes.
Castiel suddenly convulsed underneath him, wings beating against the bed several times. He moaned wildly, and Dean knew that he just made an angel come. The sight was too much, and Dean followed him over the edge with a long groan.
“Today was his first day in Chicago. He’s from our New York City office. He moved here for a promotion. I’ve met him a few times before when I’ve traveled there on business trips. He’s always been like this. Because he’s so hard on his employees, people are on their A-game. Sometimes he’ll pull good numbers, but morale is so low that it barely matters. The New York office had the worst employee turnover rate the whole time he was there. He got promoted because he pulled the best numbers for two years in a row, now he works right under me and drives me crazy all day. I’m keeping a log of employee complaints about him and using it as evidence that he’s the worst.” Michael walked to the bathroom to brush his teeth.
Castiel chuckles and leans back against the couch, staring up at the ceiling. “What do we do now? Everything feels so different.”
Dean opened the fridge. “I’ll make breakfast, but I was just gonna give him free reign of the kitchen for lunch. There’s food here.”
A few minutes pass. Castiel’s focus moves back to his laptop. He types away for a while, and then it happens. Another ball hits him in the nose. He picks it up and chucks it hard back at Dean’s head.
“You don’t talk about your upbringing a lot. Were your parents super conservative or something?” Dean glances at Castiel, curiosity coming through his deep green eyes.
Dean smiles. “I’m glad I’m rooming with you. You know everything about this place. I’ll check that out.”
Dean looked at the articles of clothing Castiel was laying out for him. “They do block my heats. If I stop them, it’ll take about a week before one starts up, I think.”
Castiel keeps his eyes on Meg for a few more seconds, making sure that she knows how he feels about gifts. He lowers his eyes to the yellow bag and pulls the bright blue glittery tissue paper out of it. He peers into the bag and pulls out two jars.
The dish ended up being some kind of seafood dip. Dean didn’t love seafood, but the bread and whatever dairy product was in the dip masked the fish taste enough for Dean to enjoy it. The second dish was a salad, which Dean ate a few bites of to be polite.
Dean meets Cas’s gaze, and that’s it for him. He cries out as his orgasm rolls over him like a tidal wave, making every muscle in his body tense and then release.
Finals week arrives and Dean is a mess. Most of Castiel’s finals are papers, so he only has one sit-in exam on Thursday. Dean, however, has an exam in every class. Castiel provides as much moral support as possible, but mostly gives his boyfriend space to study.
The ride home was awkward, even with the tension between Castiel and Luke nearly gone. Dean couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong. He must have done something that made Michael decide not to propose to him at the dinner. Guilt felt like the wrong emotion to have right now, but it was still there, nestled in Dean’s belly and eating up into his chest. He knew Michael could sense it. The alpha had a tight arm around his waist and his nose in Dean’s hair, trying to comfort him.
Dean lets out a sigh of relief and nods. “Okay. Thanks for telling me. I was getting worried. I’m still worried. You haven’t been yourself for a few weeks.”
Ash nods and flips his hair over his shoulder. “Alright, alright. Fifty bucks on the table.” He picks up the ball. “You’re serious? Fifty bucks?”
“No, I leave for work at seven. I left early when the driver called me and said Dean had disappeared.”
Dean pauses, waiting a few seconds before continuing. He wonders if he accidentally pulled a feather too hard, so he decides to be even more gentle.
Dean stretches and looks away. “Well, you weren’t ‘you’ anymore. It wasn’t the sweet Castiel I knew, it was someone else. You seemed so old. You didn’t talk like you used to, you weren’t moving the same way, and you killed an angel. The Cas I know carries bugs outside because he doesn’t want to hurt them.”
Dean made grilled cheese and tomato soup for lunch. It was simple and filling, exactly what they needed this afternoon. Once they finished eating, Castiel went out to the garden to pull weeds while Dean put on a movie. He kept his laptop close in case Anna responded anytime soon.
Castiel looked back over his shoulder at Dean, eyes flicking down to his lips and back up to his eyes.
Dean woke up to the feeling of being jostled around and manhandled. He was going to start fighting it, but then the overwhelming warmth hit him. He whined when he felt his stomach cramping and his now damp pants. He opened his eyes and saw Michael carrying him across the hall. Maybe Michael would help him, and he wouldn’t be alone…
“So you’re telling me that you travelled the country for most of your life and still never ate at a Waffle House?”
“You’re welcome. Happy pride.” He puts the binder back into his backpack and leaves Dean standing there wondering what just happened.
“Hello, hello, is this thing on? Anyways, you all know who I am, so I won’t bother introducing myself. But, I’ll introduce our couple of the hour. My dear older brother, Michael, has always stepped into leadership roles. His sights have always been set on success. I never really saw him as a married man. To be completely honest I never pictured him as anything but hunched over his desk 24/7. Then we bring in a new character: Dean. When he got here, I saw a change in Michael. He came home from work earlier, and now sometimes goes in a little later. He smiles more often, eats more home cooked meals, and takes better care of himself. Dean does that for him, and it’s a beautiful thing. I’m proud of my brother, and of my new brother-in-law. I wish you many happy years together, and thank you, Dean, for giving my brother this much happiness.”
Sam pushes his blanket off of himself and folds it over the back of the couch. “Do you know where Dean’s food is?”
There were a few houseplants here and there in the rest of the house, but everything was pretty minimalistic. Jack’s room was adorable. It was painted yellow and filled with stuffed animals. There was a bookshelf stuffed to the brim with dozens of children’s books.
Dean stares in awe, his jaw dropping slightly. He’s never seen anything like this in his life. In all those years of fighting monsters, demons, and even angels, nothing had shocked him like this. He gets his bearings back and speaks again. “Grooming? What does that mean?”
“We’re nearly there.” Castiel finally pulls off on the exit for the airport and confirms which terminal Sam is at before driving around to the pickup area. Dean’s phone starts buzzing and he puts it on speaker.
Castiel smiles and walks to the kitchen. He knows Dean doesn’t have time to wait for Castiel to cook breakfast, so instead he makes himself a bowl of cereal. He didn’t really feel like cooking anyway.
“Thanks, man. I appreciate you being so chill about it. I don’t like when people make it a big deal.”
Dean pouts and hits Castiel in the shoulder, his face scrunched up like an irritated child. “I am not a pillow princess. Someone called me a power bottom one time.”
Dean nodded, relieved that Castiel wasn’t angry with him. “Yeah, sounds good.” He picked up his now empty plate and carried it to the sink, rinsing it off and placing it in the dishwasher. He couldn’t help but watch as Castiel stared out the window at the birds circling the feeders. He looked exhausted, but peaceful. Hopefully, he’d get some rest today.
Dean looked at the last plate of food meant for Castiel and thought about bringing it upstairs. Maybe something had happened? He thought about Castiel and his feelings about privacy, which made him second-guess taking the food upstairs. Rather than try that, he covered the plate in tin foil so it would hopefully stay a little warmer than if it were exposed.
“I agree.” Castiel laid down and held his arms out for Dean. Once the omega was safely nestled in his arms, he pulled a thin blanket over the two of them. Sleep came easily to the exhausted couple. It was nearly 4am now, so their bodies were eager to rest.
Castiel looked over at Dean and nodded. “You’re right.” He got back into bed and tucked his knees into his chest. “I’m sorry. This is hard for me.”
Luke had a wide grin on his face. It was obvious, at least to Dean, that this fed Luke’s ego. “We are, aren’t we?” He wrapped an arm around Castiel. “Michael and Dean are alright too, I guess.”
Dean got out of bed and stretched before walking downstairs to find something for Michael to eat. Whenever he got sick, Bobby always made him cinnamon bread. It was one of the few meals he couldn’t screw up. It wasn’t hard to put some butter on a piece of bread and sprinkle cinnamon sugar over it. While it would be Dean’s first choice to make for Sam, he doubted Michael would find it appealing or comforting. He didn’t have much time to cook, so he just went for an omelette with lots of goodies in it like cheese, onions, and peppers.
Castiel looks up at the other student. He doesn’t look up far, since the guy is a little short. His golden brown hair falls just below his ears, and he has a friendly look on his face.
After about thirty minutes, the food arrived and there was still no sign of Michael. Dean’s mouth watered when he caught a whiff of the food in front of him. He placed the napkin in his lap and started eating. He was really hungry, having skipped lunch before the flight due to anxiety.
It wasn’t until Dean was flipping the toast in the pan that he heard footsteps and finally saw Castiel, whose hair was still wet and sticking up in random directions, as if he had just dried it with a towel. Dean chuckled a bit at the sight.
Dean let go of Claire’s hand to let her go play for a few minutes. He took his phone out of his pocket and put it underneath the slide. “I wrote down all of my contacts so I wouldn’t lose them.”
“I was able to contact Anna, and she gave me your number.” He looked over at Dean, who was typing away on his computer. “I’m in Chicago. I live with my husband.”
Dean presses a few kisses to Castiel’s jaw, hovering over him a little heavier now. The air has changed and now things felt a little hotter. Dean’s breath wisps over Castiel’s neck and cheek like a gentle breeze.
“I’ve got you.” Dean leaned down and kissed Castiel’s jaw as he stroked his hands through his wings, rolling his hips in time with his hands.
Dean nods. “Yeah. It was mostly ghosts, but sometimes there was a vampire or a werewolf to deal with. We usually booked it out of town if we came across a demon. My dad thinks a demon burned down our house when I was four. He’s trying to hunt it down now.”
Castiel tried to look at his own nose. “That happens.” He smiled and grabbed his clothes from the closet before retreating to the bathroom to shower.
Early the next morning, his vitals were being checked again and he was being handed a clipboard to sign discharge papers. Gabriel returned with a set of clean clothes for Dean to wear.
Dean runs one hand through the feathers in front of him, eliciting a gasp from Castiel. “You seem more sensitive here.”
“No, it wasn’t.” Dean pauses to collect himself. “I’m going to be honest with you, I can’t be in a relationship, at least, not yet. It’s too soon.”
“Cas? Talk to me, baby. What’s going on?” Dean’s eyes are big and scared. He’s holding Castiel’s shoulder with one hand and Castiel’s wrist with the other. He had stopped Castiel from hitting himself in the head after the first time.
Dean shifted as it got harder to think straight. He rolled onto his stomach and propped himself up on his knees, presenting to Castiel. He heard the other man’s breath hitch and grinned softly to himself. A shiver went up his spine as he felt Castiel’s hands on his thighs.
The man seems to notice him lingering on that page and unclips a bisexual flag from his bag. He attaches it to a little stick and holds it out to Dean. “Is this the one you want?”
Gabriel pulled out a little bag with some tissue paper in it. He pulled the paper a bit to show Jack what to do, beaming when Jack walked over and pulled the tissue paper out of the bag. Gabriel pulled the toy train out and held it out. “Here you go, buddy.”
Dean takes a shot of Jack Daniels and moves to spectate the beer pong game that’s going on. “Jo is kicking your ass, Ash.”
Dean thought for a moment. “I don’t know. I don’t have much to talk about except my asshole husband and his weird family.”
Castiel nodded. “Oh. I knew you two were probably related, but I didn’t know it was that close. Does he know about what’s going on?”
“Hey, Mom. How are you?” Castiel settles back on the couch, glancing over to see Dean ordering the pizza on his phone.
“Sign the petitions, make yourself heard.” Gabriel looked to Castiel. “You’re gonna be a great nurse. I know it.”
Castiel nodded. “We spent a little more than five years apart, and even after all of this time, we still have that bond.”
“No, he shouldn’t be home for another few hours.” Dean heard little footsteps behind himself and smiled when he saw Claire peeking around the corner.
“It’s not early, buddy. It’s eleven-thirty. I made you breakfast an hour ago and it’s not gonna stay warm for much longer, even in the oven.”
“Are you safewording, or are you being a brat?” Castiel paused, his grip softening. Ever the careful and dutiful Dom…
“True, but that doesn’t make any sense for it to be constrained. An omega can have an omega soulmate. It’s just about the person you have the strongest bond with.”
It becomes hard to keep everything a secret. They frequently have friends over and have to act like they’re still just friends around them. Dean is surprisingly good at playing the part. It’s Castiel who is the weak link. He gets nervous around their friends and chokes on his words every now and then. Despite this, he manages to keep his mouth shut and their friends are clueless.
“You deserve the world, but you’re miserable. I’ll make sure you’re okay. I can pay for the rest of Sam’s law school, I’ll support you and Claire, and I’ll be certain that Michael never gets to you again.”
After a few minutes, he decided to just try finding the family. He had a last name and a location. He found some names and addresses, but he was really after emails or phone numbers. Over and over, he came up with a news article from more than ten years ago. He skipped over it every time he saw it, until he saw Castiel’s name in a brief description. He clicked the article.
Castiel sits up a little and grins at the marks he left on Dean’s neck and collarbones. He shifts his legs and slides out of his pants. He grabs Dean’s pants and yanks them down, the sound of seams ripping echoing through the room.
“Okay. I won’t be long.” Dean left the room and walked down the hall to Castiel’s room. He gently knocked on the door and waited for an answer. A few seconds of silence passed. Dean slowly opened the door to see if Castiel was asleep already.
Ash throws his arms up into the air in defeat, rolling his eyes. “Well excuse me for having my skillset elsewhere!”
“Thank you.” Castiel walked to the door and opened it. “It’s a good thing we don't have to sleep, otherwise the single bed would be awkward.”
Castiel’s eyes widen. “Oh my god, I’m taking you to an escape room as soon as you get back. It’s kind of what it sounds like. You go into a room and there’s a bunch of puzzles you solve in order to escape. They’re all really themed and fun. That would be a perfect date. I know we have some in Athens.”
Cas rolled his eyes and pulled his shirt off over his head. Dean had forgotten about the leftover bruises and bitemarks from Luke. The only one that was still prominent was the one on the back of Castiel’s shoulder, the one that Dean had cleaned up. The rest were just tiny spots of yellow and green, fading bruises.
Meg gives a crooked smile. “Keep your chin up. It’ll turn out.” She sighs. “Well, now that I know you’re okay, I’ll leave you alone. Text me if you need anything.”
“Yeah, okay.” Dean rested his head on Castiel’s shoulder and yawned. “We should get some more sleep.
“Hey, you’re gonna be okay. You’ll fly to Palo Alto in a few weeks and get all settled into your dorm. You can text or Skype me whenever. I promise I’ll visit you as soon as I can, and you’ll be at the wedding.”
Castiel runs to the edge of the cliff. “Dean!” He hears Gabriel and Zachariah clashing together behind him. He starts to jump, but then the fear bubbles up in his gut. His fear of water from being human seems to have stuck around. He swallows and runs over the edge, diving down towards the waves below.
Dean was already in his pajamas, but he definitely wasn’t tired yet. Now he was anxious, so the concept of sleep was gone completely. He wanted to talk to Castiel, but he knew Michael would want to hold him while he fell asleep. Dean put on his best happy face and laid down to wait for Michael.
“It’s Sam, and I know, but you did this to get money for Stanford. I didn’t expect you to actually...like the person you were stuck with.” Sam paused for a little bit, letting the information sink in. “So what do you do during the day except lay around?”
“It’s good. We had today off so that’s why I picked this weekend, so I wouldn’t miss any school. AP Statistics is kicking my ass.”
Dean leaned in and pressed his nose to Castiel’s pulse point, taking in a deep breath and relaxing. Castiel’s scent was fucking incredible. Dean took it in like it would give him life itself. Even better was when Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean and held him close.
“Anything interesting on the floor?” Castiel watched Dean startle, then relax when he realized who was there.
Dean dropped his fork. “I knew it, you do hate me for what I am! In my experience, angels are dicks with wings. I’ve never met an angel that wasn’t stuck up.”
Dean had been so afraid the whole time he was here that he would feel trapped or scared once he was married to Michael. He couldn’t have been more wrong. He really liked Michael, and it wasn’t hard to imagine the rest of his life with him. He had a best friend, two brothers-in-law, and a pretty cool husband. He got to spend his days in a mansion and cook for himself whenever he wanted to. Sam was taken care of financially. Everything was going to be alright.
Castiel lets go of one of Dean’s hands and follows him out of his own room. He rubs his eyes and sighs. A big weight is off of his shoulders now. He knows it’ll feel even better tomorrow when he talks to Meg about all of this. She’s his best friend and always has good advice.
“If you don’t mind me asking, what made you decide for an arranged marriage? It’s okay if you don’t want to answer, but trust me when I say that my lips are sealed when it comes to my brothers.”
Dean did the same to Castiel, unbuttoning his pants and pulling them down and off. He ran his hands along Castiel’s thighs, squeezing the hard muscles underneath the skin. He let his fingers dance along Castiel’s stomach until they reached the hem of his boxers. He pulled them down, humming in satisfaction when Castiel moved his legs around to help Dean get them off. He took off his own boxers and tossed them aside.
Dean’s heart dropped into his stomach when he realized he was talking to Michael’s father. He gulped and nodded. “Of course, sir.” His voice was deeper and tighter than usual, like it would be when John was barking orders at him.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, let me set my stuff down.” He opened his office and set down his work bag. He made sure he had his badge, pen and notepad, and his phone, then nodded. “Okay. I’m ready. How do we do this?”
Castiel smiles softly at that. “It’s strange, because Gabriel left the memories from yesterday, so I remember what it was like. It was painful. I still had all of my human emotion attached to eons of history and wars. I don’t remember those times anymore, but I know that I was an emotionless, soulless soldier during that time. I know that I saw so much death, and it didn’t faze me at the time. So when those memories came back to a mind that still felt human, it was too much. I could have laid down and cried forever. It may have been cool to know everything about human and angel history, but the weight of that knowledge was something I could never bear as a human.”
Sam had a bad habit of pushing a little too far for information sometimes. “Why do you say husband instead of mate?”
Michael placed a hand on Dean’s back. “I’m sorry. I know you must be upset. Come on, let’s go to bed.”
Dean gave an awkward nod. “Yeah, okay.” He followed Michael out of the front door and to the car that was waiting for them. He got into the backseat when Michael opened the door for him and buckled himself in. He was definitely okay with the fact that Michael hadn’t been overly touchy with him since they met a few hours ago. Dean wasn’t sure they touched at all since the handshake and brief scenting.
Castiel falls onto the bed next to Dean, utterly spent and sweaty. He makes himself get up to grab a wet washcloth to clean up with. Dean watches him with a dopey grin, propping himself up on his elbow.
“No problem. Hopefully, I don’t see you in here for the same reason next month. Take care of yourself.”
Dean came downstairs to talk for a while. Castiel could tell that he was scared. Part of him wanted to tell him to go with his gut and just leave, but deep down he knew Dean’s wouldn’t leave. The poor guy was desperate to take care of his little brother. He wouldn’t abandon this venture so soon. All Castiel felt he could do was be supportive and let Dean make his own decision.
The day after Christmas is spent at Castiel’s paternal grandparents’ house, and the day after that, they fly back to Atlanta. Castiel makes sure to text Dean as soon as he lands again to ease his anxiety about the plane.
“Did you ever end up reconnecting with your family? Sorry if I’m being nosy, I just need to talk to distract myself right now.”
Contacting Anna was exciting, and a massive relief. Learning about Jimmy wasn’t exciting at all, and not being able to help him was devastating.
With trembling fingers, Dean took the dildo out of its box. It was pretty realistic, except for the fact that it was cold silicone instead of warm flesh. The knot at the base inflated and deflated with a little pump. Dean glanced over at the lube that was in the bag and knew he wouldn’t need it. Right now, his body was producing slick like it was making up for all the years that he was on suppressants.
Dean was happy all weekend, until Sunday night. He knew Sam was coming tomorrow, and the thought of that reminded him why he was here and how this all happened. He didn’t meet Michael through traditional means, not in the slightest. He was so happy about the proposal until now. The ring that felt exciting on his finger suddenly gained the weight of a ball and chain. This was his life now, and would be forever. He squeezed his eyes shut for a moment to push those thoughts away. By being here, he was creating a better life for Sammy. This is what he wanted to do, what he had to do.
Dean nodded. “Sure.” He sat down at the table with Castiel. “You want me to talk? I have some embarrassing stories about me and Sam.” He took Castiel’s resigned nod as a yes and started talking. He had so many stories about funny things that happened as a kid. It didn’t seem to do much at first, but by the time Castiel finished his breakfast, he was actually looking at Dean and his scent had calmed down significantly.
He can do this. It’s just Dean. He isn’t going to bite or anything. Castiel steps out of his car and walks up to the front door. He walks inside and his eyes move immediately to Dean’s bedroom door. His car is in the driveway and he isn’t in the living room, so that leaves the bedroom as his location.
Seeing all of it gives Dean hope. He’s helplessly in the closet, but this makes him feel like he can be his authentic self one day. Maybe he won’t have to hide for the rest of his life.
“Wait, slow down. I waited five years for this too. This is our first time doing this without fear. We’re free. Let’s make it last.”
“Okay, don’t get me wrong, I love my big brother. He’s a nice dude, but he’s a jackass. He’s all serious about everything, but he cares. He’s a fighter for what he cares about. He’ll take care of you.”
“I’m glad I don’t have to take any more math. I finished mine freshman year.” Castiel makes a face. “Math is the bane of my existence.”
Jimmy offered to put Claire up on his shoulders so that she could see better. He held her legs and smiled over at Castiel and Dean. “I’m really happy you guys decided to come this year. I’m glad you went all out with the glitter, it looks great.”
Dean holds a hand out. “Then let me help you. We’ll fight those douchebag angels together. They can’t make you into their perfect little soldier again.”
Things got a little somber when he reminisced about his siblings. Castiel wished he could still talk to them. It hurt to think about never seeing them again. When Dean offered to help contact them, it felt like a dream come true. But, he didn’t think it through enough. Of course, Dean would find out about Alfie. It was a headline story when it happened.
“Good, now try to relax your thighs and let your body sink into the bed. Try to clear your head. I know that sounds hard, but just focus on the thought, ‘I am clearing my head’ and let everything else fade away. I’ll be right here.” The fingers in Dean’s ass gained a little bit of speed, ruthlessly going for his prostate.
Dean huffed and pulled the phone away from his ear. “Five minutes.” He put it back to his ear. “No. It’s just a coworker.”
Dean followed Michael back to bed without speaking. The house suddenly felt big and empty, almost lifeless. Things had looked so bright when Dean got married. He finally accepted his life here, and now, it was torn to shreds.
As he’s walking, he spots a very large crocheted rainbow flag hanging from one of the booths. He wonders how many people like to crochet flags.
Dean opens his mouth, then closes it. “Maybe you’re right. If you can only remember when someone asks, it is pretty useless. It’s still cool.”
Castiel saw the cop coming towards the car with a look that definitely wasn’t friendly. “Shit.” He rolled down his window and was immediately greeted with orders to get out of the car. He moved as calmly as possible and stepped out of the car with his hands up. The officer grabbed his wrists and pushed him over the hood of the car to cuff him.
Castiel slowly sits up. The voices aren’t there now, so he’s calmer. He doesn’t really know what to say to Dean. He really doesn’t want to tell him what’s going on, not yet. “I’m sorry.”
“Nope. The real game starts now.” Castiel lines up his shot and throws his ball. It hits the side of the front cup and bounces off. “Damn.”
“Hm, some people can do that but you said essays are hard. Make it easier on yourself and make an outline. Make three bullet points for your body paragraph topics, and make a few bullet points under each of those for your arguing points. I know this essay isn’t an argumentative one, but you’re still making points, so find your points and outline them. Once you have that, you have a guideline for exactly what to write. It’ll flow much easier.”
“Night, Sam.” Dean followed Michael upstairs to his room and went to go get some pajamas. “Work was hard?”
Meg laughs and shakes her head. “Clarence, you crack me up. Now quit drinking, you’re wasted and you’re going to puke if you keep downing those beers. How much have you had?”
Dean felt like he was about to lose his mind with arousal by the time Castiel straddled him again and rolled a condom down Dean’s cock.
Dean kicks his pants the rest of the way off and leans up to kiss Castiel again. His hands find the massive black wings and plunge their way into the feathers. Dean is a little less gentle now, but Castiel seems to like it.
Dean laughs and hugs Castiel one more time. “Sounds great.” He sighs. “Alright, gotta get up now.” He lets go of his boyfriend and slides out of bed, feet hitting the old carpet with a quiet thud.
As the night progresses, everyone slowly gets louder and drunker. The music gets louder as well. Gabriel passes out drink after drink, and the snacks slowly dwindle down. By eleven-fifty, everyone is thoroughly drunk and having a great time. Castiel is on the couch, laughing as Meg roasts Ash’s cup pong skills.
They watch a movie on the couch together, curled up side by side. They talk a little about the upcoming Thanksgiving break, then go to bed in their separate rooms.
Dean quickly nodded. “Oh, yeah. I’ve dated a few. I’ve dated men and women, alphas and betas, but never an omega.”
“Crossroads. I actually didn’t mind doing that. I made deals with humans and then kissed them. It wasn’t so bad. I did that as soon as I was able, and only stopped because of my deal. After the deal, I took some time for myself, became a bit of a nomad. I drove around the country with Sam, and we hunted things. We were vigilantes, taking down anyone that was out of line. It was good work. Then the war happened and we stopped to avoid getting thrown in jail. It was easy to avoid human cops, bit demon cops? That’s another story.”
“We’re not ready and we don’t want to ruin our friendship with a relationship neither of us are prepared for.”
Dean was in shock that Gabriel’s speech was that sweet. He clapped along with everyone else, smiling when Michael took his hand.
Dean nodded. “I guess I have to be. He’s some of the only family I’ve got. He lives with our uncle Bobby, who isn’t actually blood-related to us, but we always called him that. I can’t believe the kid’s going to college.” He hummed. “You got any siblings?”
“I know, love. I’m just messing with you.” Castiel let go of Dean’s wrists and sat back up. He hummed and reached for the hem of Dean’s pants, unbuckling his belt and pulling it out of the loops.
Thirty minutes into the evening, Castiel spotted Dean by himself against the wall. He looked off. He wasn’t himself in this big crowd, so much so that he was staring at the floor. Castiel frowned and walked up to him.
Dean walked along the trail, watching the tire tracks to make sure that they didn’t lose them. He wished that he wasn’t in his work suit, because it was getting muggy out.
They sat on the couch together after dinner, Gabriel telling customer stories to keep Castiel distracted from the anxiety of wondering if Dean was okay.
Dean looks at the flag and nods. It’s cute. It’s about ten inches long and six inches wide. The crochet stitches are small, so it looks tightly knit. “Yeah, I think so.” He trades the binder for the flag. “Thanks.”
“I like the shirt you’re wearing too.” Dean kisses Castiel’s cheek with a low hum rumbling from his chest. “We’re gonna have to pack it up with all of this lovey-dovey stuff in a few minutes.”
Once it was over, Castiel felt a strange sort of comfort. Dean seemed sad, but he had accepted that it was over, and that was good. Hopefully it would make Castiel’s departure in a couple weeks much easier.
Dean slept through the entire flight back, only waking up to walk through the airport, and then falling back asleep in the car, his head against Michael’s shoulder.
Dean raised his brows in surprise. “Wow, that is nice. I guess I wouldn’t have the best information. I’m not thinking very clearly when I’m in heat.”
After about two hours, Castiel is done with his work for the day. He packs up his things and looks at Gabriel. “Thanks for sitting with me. I appreciated the company.”
“You’re a married omega and I’m one of the most powerful alphas in Chicago. No one will listen to you.” Michael’s voice was cold and icy. It sent the bad kind of shivers down Dean’s spine.
“Nervous, but I think I’ve got what I’m gonna say down.” Dean looked at Castiel as if he was searching for something. “Where’s Luke?”
Dean sat up quickly when he heard the doorbell ring. He wasn’t expecting anyone, and he never got visitors. “Stay here, Claire.” He stood up and walked to the front door, unlocking it and opening it a crack.
Dean took a deep breath, trying to figure out how to word his next sentence. “I’m not in Chicago anymore.”
Castiel looked back at his embroidery and stabbed the linen with the needle again. “No. If she was, she would have come from the basement.”
“Yes, you do.” Cas picked up a thermometer and slid the device across Dean’s forehead. “You’re at 103.4. Normal heats don’t go over 100. You should be in the hospital now, but your alpha can be a real control freak.” He had a frustrated frown on his face as he huffed and set the thermometer aside.
Claire looked up and sat up taller in her chair to see out the back window. She grinned when she saw the playground and sat back down to finish eating.
Meg sighs. “I’m playing with you. Tell me now. I’m here to listen.” Despite her pushy nature, Meg is a good friend. She just cares very deeply about Castiel and wants to know what’s going on.
“Yeah, I think it is.” Dean looked around at the simple decorations. There were a few succulents on the windowsill and a few art pieces on the wall. He sat down on the bed. “So, I looked around social media first, and you were right about her not having any. I couldn’t find anything there. So I tried databases in St. Louis to look for a phone number or address, but then this news article came up. It was popping up every time I put Novak in the search bar.” He turned the screen towards Castiel.
Castiel handed Dean his phone and stood up. “I need some time. Alone. Thank you for your help. I just need to process.”
Castiel looks up at his boyfriend with a warm feeling in his chest. There is an immense amount of relief now that their friends know. The secret is out in the open, and there’s no reason to hide anymore.
“Yeah, and he’s a green bean. I think he’ll fill out eventually but right now the poor kid is all arms and legs. He’s wicked smart. He’s never made a B in his life. He wants to go to law school one day.”
Castiel’s eyes met Dean’s, wide and dark. His breathing was heavy and labored. He stared at Dean with such an intensity that it made Dean squirm where he sat. “Don’t move.”
“I know.” Dean finished undressing him and took off his own clothes. He took Castiel’s hand and led him into the shower.
Dean hums and moves forwards. He swings a leg over to straddle Castiel’s waist and seats himself comfortably. He reaches forward and plunges his fingers into the feathers.
Castiel’s life finally got a chance to progress once he was free. It didn’t start immediately. When he arrived at Meg’s house, he opened the envelope to find that Luke had only given him $1000. It wasn’t even enough for an apartment. Meg was kind enough to let Castiel stay as long as he needed, but that didn’t stop Castiel’s feeling of guilt for freeloading.
Castiel meets Dean’s eyes and takes his other hand off of his ear. He swallows. “It’s my tinnitus. It’s never been that bad before.”
“Of course.” Castiel opened his bedroom door fully and led Dean over to the bed. “This is your first time in here, isn’t it?”
Castiel moved his chair back to the table and looked at what Dean had made. He didn’t smile, but his face did brighten slightly, and he looked a little less sad. He started eating slowly, then sped up, probably realizing just how hungry he was.
Dean rolled his eyes and laid his head back down, turning his body away from the alpha. He felt the plane start to move and his heart jumped into his throat. It was fine, it wasn’t off the ground yet. Dean begged his body to fall asleep, even as the plane started speeding down the runway. He was grateful for the suppressants he was on that would make his scent milder, so hopefully, he wasn’t stinking up the plane with fear.
“Michael wanted me to stop them after the wedding, but he said he’d be there to help me after that, so I’m not too worried. Luckily for me, most of the wedding seems to have already been planned before I even came into the picture. I’m not good with that stuff, anyways.”
Castiel held a straight face, but his heart jumped into his throat. He had been avoiding Michael like the plague ever since he made his deal with Luke. “Okay.”
Castiel slowed down to a slow roll once Dean’s orgasm had subsided. “Look at you, coming on my cock like a good boy. I didn’t know you had a thing for choking.”
Castiel chuckled softly and slid behind Dean to be the big spoon. He wrapped a gentle arm around Dean’s waist. “This isn’t very platonic.”
Dean smiled and nodded. “Hey, that’s good. All of you Miltons overwork yourselves. What’s for breakfast?”
Dean gives Castiel one of his charming grins and twirls his keys on his finger. “Let’s get in there.”
After a shower, he works on some of his homework. He works until dinner time. Dinner is a sandwich and some crackers, since he doesn’t feel like cooking. He watches Netflix in his room and hears Sam and Dean return after dinner. He decides to give them time to themselves and stays in his room. He kind of needs a day to himself, so this is nice.
Castiel gets out of bed and peeks out the door. “What is it?” He sees Dean standing there, gun down. He leaves the bedroom to get a look at what Dean’s staring at. He walks out into the living space and looks into the kitchen. The cabinets with all of their pots and pans are open and the contents are on the floor.
Sam crossed his arms. “I don’t like this. I never liked this. It’s stupid. You just lay around this mansion all day and do nothing, and then when Michael comes home you have to be his pet or something.”
Castiel’s face was just as red as Dean’s. “No, we shouldn’t have.” He stood up. “Look, I like you as a friend. I’m married, I love my husband. I don’t know where this is coming from, but I promise I’m going to try and control it. You’re getting engaged in a few days-”
“Dean. I said no. This isn’t the kind of event where it’s acceptable to just slip out for a minute.” Michael’s voice was stern now, his gaze more piercing than usual. He hooked his elbow around Dean’s to keep him close to his side.
He looked at his boarding pass again, searching the signs for directions to his gate. It took him a few turnarounds, but eventually, he found himself waiting for the flight from Sioux Falls, South Dakota to Chicago, Illinois. It was a pretty short flight, much to Dean’s delight. Less time in the air was a blessing.
“Probably not. I’ll ask him.” He pulls out his phone and starts typing. A minute passes before his phone buzzes and he speaks. “He hasn’t eaten yet and he says he’s starving.”
“Don’t tell me you’ve never played!” Castiel sets his beer down and sways a bit as he stands back up.
Castiel let go of the collar and Dean sucked in a breath, moaning as he came down from the high of his orgasm. He felt Castiel’s hips stutter as he came into Dean with a loud groan.
He didn’t really know why he snapped at Castiel. Maybe it was exhaustion or being overwhelmed. Nothing made much sense right now, so he felt like it would be a good idea to just go with the flow.
“I don’t love it either, but maybe down the line that’ll change. Cas has been here for about a year, so it hasn’t been too long in the grand scheme of things. It could change.”
Cas turned back towards the group and looked at Sam. “I’m very sorry about that. He really doesn’t like other alphas in the house. That’s part of why he doesn’t get along with Michael. He’ll get used to it. He’s just being a baby about it right now.”
“No, I told them my roommate was having an emergency and I got caught up in it. They just said don’t let it happen again. It’ll be fine.” He walks over to the couch and sits down, leaning back with a sigh.
“My childhood wasn’t all rainbows and sunshine, and it’s left me with a few…skills. If you wanted me to, I could try to find them.” Dean kept his gaze on the floor for a few seconds before meeting Castiel’s gaze. He saw the other omega looking down in contemplation.
Dean started to think about the proposal again. Was it going to happen right after the meal? During the meal? There was no telling at this point.
Dean reached for Castiel’s hand and held it tightly, watching him with half-open eyes. His head dropped back onto the pillows when Castiel’s fingers started circling his hole. All coherent thought left him after that. As soon as he had Cas’s fingers inside of him, his heat was kicking up to full throttle. With their emotional connection out in the open as well, everything was ten times as sweet. Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away from Castiel’s concentrated face. The way he furrowed his brows, the way he stuck his tongue out slightly, and the way he tilted his head was searingly hot and adorable at the same time.
“I’m glad.” Michael hummed. “We’re here.” He opened the car door and held it open for Dean. They were parking in front of a very sleek, black building with a name Dean could only guess was French. The interior was just as luxurious. The tables had simple white tablecloths and red candles in the center. Dean felt small in here and extremely out of his comfort zone.
Dean scoffed. “Taken.” God, he was thankful to be able to use that excuse. He slung his duffel over his shoulder and purposefully ran into the man’s shoulder as he passed him.
Castiel pouts and leans on Dean’s shoulder. “Fine.” To Castiel, the room feels like it’s underwater or possibly aboard a boat. Everything sways from side to side, and his body feels big and clumsy. There’s an arm wrapped around Castiel’s shoulders and a hand holding his arm. It feels nice and suddenly Castiel is very sleepy.
“Yeah, that place sucked ass. The entire program was bullshit. As soon as they would let me go I got out of there.”
Castiel sighed. “We should bring this back. Both for evidence and to show Jack. I don’t know if he’d remember her, but he should still see this, nonetheless.”
Castiel nods, smiling at the idea. “Well, if you’re comfortable with it, I’m very much okay with that.”
Castiel poured the lube onto his fingers and warmed it up briefly before rubbing two fingers over Dean’s hole. “Good enough for me to let you come? You were a brat at the club, trying to rile me up. Do you think you’ve been punished enough?’ He slid in two fingers.
After getting his entire room set up, he starts to wonder where his roommate is. He hasn’t met the guy yet. All he knows is that they’re in the same year in school, from what the owner told him. Castiel’s drive was short. Athens, Georgia was only an hour away from his hometown near Atlanta.
The tricky part came when Castiel realized he had to face Dean. He wanted the details of his marriage and sex life to stay private, so he needed to come up with a reason for why he was upset to avoid questions. Maybe he could say they had a fight? Or Luke got called into work?
“Um, yeah? Has my work been bad?” Castiel holds one of his backpack straps tightly. He starts to wonder if his latest assignments weren’t up to par. With the voices, he knows his work has slipped a little.
Dean drew in a deep breath through his nose. He still remembered Castiel’s scent like he smelled it just yesterday. “Hey, there’s no need to be jealous. I don’t like Jimmy that way.”
Dean dragged a hand over his face. It was six thirty, and from the times that Castiel sent texts, it was clear that he didn’t sleep all night. Dean suddenly felt incredibly guilty for what he had done. He sat up, buckled himself in, and started driving.
As he stood at the end of the conveyor, putting his belt on, he heard an inhale from directly behind his left ear. He snapped around and came face-to-face with an alpha who was sniffing the air around him.
Gabriel walks over to Castiel and pats him on the back. “You went hard tonight, buddy. I hope you had a good time.”
Getting into bed with Michael felt sweeter tonight. Michael wasn’t immediately falling asleep, so Dean got to spend some time curled up with him, just enjoying his company. For the first time, Dean was the first one to fall asleep.
With shaking arms, Dean turns himself onto his back and takes a deep breath to calm himself. His heart beats impossibly faster when Cas climbs over him.
The door opens a few moments later and Dean invites Castiel in. The room is sparsely decorated with random knick knacks that Castiel has never seen before. The only things on Dean’s walls are some old pictures pinned to a corkboard and a Led Zeppelin poster. On the bed, Castiel sees the quilt Dean was talking about. It’s red with orange and black patterning and it looks heavy and warm.
“I don’t mean that we start tomorrow. You just got out of a toxic relationship. You don’t need to immediately jump into one with me, even just casual dating. We can just be friends as long as you want, even if that’s forever. Even if we can’t be together, I want to be your friend. You’re very dear to me, no matter what.”
Castiel’s hand in his own gently squeezed while the other played with strands of Dean’s hair as he watched the other omega pleasure himself. His eyes were dark, but he didn’t say anything to keep from disturbing Dean.
Dean loved going to the club with Castiel. There was music, people, and fun things to do. They were usually viewers rather than performers. They had talked about doing a public scene soon, but not yet. Castiel seemed to have some hang ups about it, which Dean respected.
Dean’s hands slipped to the front of Castiel’s wings, brushing through the feathers there. He got a nearly explosive reaction from Castiel and grinned, pulling back from the kiss. “Wait, lie down.”
Cheers echo through the room when Gabriel and Ash beat Meg and Jo. Castiel’s eyes are heavy and he’s slumped against Dean. He wants more cake.
Dean tilted his head to the side, granting Michael access to his neck. He took in a deep breath to get a hint of Michael’s scent. It was nice, kind of woody, maybe pine? It wasn’t Dean’s favorite, but it was okay. He could definitely get used to it. Michael seemed way more affectionate today, which Dean was happy about. He appreciated the gentle touches.
“The furniture did, but I put covers on the couches and chairs. The rest is all me.” Gabriel pulls Castiel into the living room and pointedly pushes him onto the sofa.
Gabriel shakes his head. “Zachariah doesn’t have that kind of power. I’m trying to get ahold of his superior. I told him to meet us here, I don’t know if he’ll come. He’s a little flaky. Even if he doesn’t show up, I’ll find a way to fix this. What Zachariah is doing is against what Heaven is supposed to stand for. When his superior finds out that he nearly killed Dean to get to you, it’ll be over for him.”
He had to provoke him more. He didn’t want to actually upset Castiel, not at all, but he wanted to see how deep this ran. Maybe he’d get some really hot sex out of it. That would be awesome.
Before he could say anything, he got spanked again. No warm-up today, he supposed. Castiel was going hard, and Dean knew that he was going to be sore in the morning. He looked out into the crowd again, and more people had turned to watch. Everyone kept a respectful distance, but they certainly had an audience.
The way the question is phrased makes Castiel freeze and his eyes widen a little. He reminds himself that Gabriel doesn’t know anything about the secret relationship and speaks. “Good. He’s doing good and so am I.”
Dean blinked when he realized that Michael was undressing in front of him. He turned away with a blush, not wanting to break some kind of rule.
Dean’s eyes widened and his jaw dropped slightly. “Why? If I stop, I’ll go into heat, and I can’t handle it on my own.”
The next morning, Dean woke up and looked up to see Castiel awake and watching him sleep. “Dude, that’s a little creepy.”
Dean sits down on the bed and scoots back to where he wants to lie down. “What about you? What do you have nightmares about?”
Dean gives a half-hearted smile. “Thanks,” he says, glad that Cas is being understanding. “What about you? You said you’ve been in the community since you were fifteen?”
Castiel stands where Dean is pointing and watches as he pours a ring of what looks like salt around him. “What the hell is that supposed to do?!”
Dean smiled at Bobby, happy that he was here. It was a pain to convince the old man to get on a plane, but once they did, everything was just fine.
Castiel chuckled softly. “That’s the spirit. You should tell Michael where you’re going. When you walk out, go around the left side. There’s a bench and table there.” He left Dean there at the wall, ready to sit in the cool air and get away from the crowd.
Dean cleaned up and carried Sam’s duffel upstairs to his room. Since he was mostly in Michael’s room now, it wouldn’t be any trouble for Sam to sleep in Dean’s room for a couple nights.
Castiel nodded. “It takes them about an hour to get there and back with traffic, so they usually work from 9-7. It’s still a long day, but occasionally they come home early. Gabriel is gone very early in the morning to open the bakery at 7, but he’s back by 6, since the bakery closes at 5.”
Castiel smiles. “I like you too. I think we’re good roommates. We don’t get in each other’s business, we get along, we respect one another, and we even study well together.”
Castiel smiles, because it’s only the hundredth time he’s gotten that question. “I want to be an English professor, and I want to be an author.”
The diner was just as cute as Castiel said it was. It was all fifties themed, with black and white wallpaper and red booths. Dean felt more anxious and excited about this date than any date he’d ever been on in his life.
“Your funeral,” Castiel teases. He stands up fully. “I don’t have any more hedge clippers, but I haven’t touched the weeds in the backyard yet. The gloves are next to the porch.”
“You don’t call me by my full name. Ever. What’s going on?” Castiel stares at his friend, trying to figure out what’s so different about her.
“Yeah, sounds good.” Dean spoke quietly. “I don’t think I’ll be able to relax until we’re out of the state.”
Dean drove back to his house and had to remind himself that someone else was there. He walked inside through the garage and locked the door behind himself. He came into the living room and found Jack on the couch, watching TV.
“True.” Castiel rested his forehead against the back of Dean’s neck, humming softly. Dean relaxed and simply enjoyed the feeling of Castiel chest being pressed against his back. It was comforting to have someone there. It wouldn’t be much longer before Dean was in full-blown heat, maybe an hour or so.
Castiel nods with a soft smile. “Right, you’re an engineering major, you have to be good at math.” He sets his glass down on the porch and picks up his clippers to start on the bushes. Castiel chops away at the vines and bushes, trimming them into a proper shape. He tosses the debris into another paper bag.
Breakfast was eaten in relative silence. There was a new understanding between the two omegas now that they both knew how the other ended up here. Dean was still so deeply curious about Castiel and his background. He wanted to know everything about him, all the intricacies of his personality, and more. It was hard for him to believe that anyone could kick him out. There didn’t seem to be a reason that Dean could see. He could smell Castiel’s sweet scent from across the table. It was soft, but not too flowery or sweet.
Dean swallowed, debating on whether or not he should press further. It was pretty obvious that Castiel was unhappy, and Dean hated that for him. “Well, you have a right to be happy. I hope that happens for you.”
Castiel nodded. “Every two weeks, I sit down with my therapist for an hour. Having a non-biased, third-party analyze your life and help you figure things out is wonderful. I think everyone on the planet could benefit from a little therapy.”
The traffic starts to slow down, and then as they start to see the skyline of Atlanta, they come to a complete stop. They get onto a new highway where the traffic is standstill.
Dean saw the time and realized it was time to go home. He found Castiel and Jack in the hallways, still talking quietly. Castiel looked over at Dean.
Castiel’s eyes blew up to the size of dinner plates. He looked at Dean and then back at the road. “Are you saying-”
Castiel leans back against his headboard with a smile. “Now, want me to describe an episode of Masterchef to you?”
There wasn’t time to think like that. Dean had it now, and he could treasure it forever without revisiting it.
He found some peace with his cooking. It was quiet now, and he could hear the birds at the bird feeder outside. As much as seeing Castiel with Luke hurt, he had to stick to their agreement from yesterday: completely platonic.
She takes a step back and grins. “I baked a cake for you. It’s just vanilla with buttercream, I wasn’t sure what you liked.”
“Perfect. As much as I’d like to stay and talk, Sam, the office was busier than usual today and I could use some sleep. I’m planning on coming home early tomorrow, so we’ll get a chance to chat then. Have a good night.”
The next day, both of them were working in the morning and afternoon. They parted ways in the morning with a kiss and promises of a date night that evening.
“You can’t even look me in the eyes while you say that. If you can look at my eyes and tell me that you’re not lying, I’ll believe you.”
Castiel rests his elbows on his thighs, leaning forward in the chair. “There’s something going on between Dean and me. We both know it and we’ve talked about it already.”
Things took a complete turn when Castiel went to divorce court. He didn’t have the money for a lawyer, so he had to represent himself. Fortunately, he had spent months building a case for himself. In the last weeks that he was in the house, he had audio-recorded some of the verbal abuse he received on a daily basis. He documented as much as he could and presented a case on how Luke completely screwed him over.
Dean sighed. “I know.” He stared at his own hands, definitely done with talking for the evening. “I’m probably gonna take a shower and go to bed.”
Dean asked at least twenty people in different shops about Jack and his mom. No one had ever seen them before. Hours passed and the routine was exhausting. Dean wasn’t capable of getting physically tired, but mentally, he was drained.
Fortunately for Castiel, Dean wasn’t ready to stay mad at him for long. That emotional bond was still there, and neither one of them could deny it. Things just had to stay platonic.
“Well I am. I don’t think you’ll be happy if this is entirely one-sided. You need to love your husband. You’ll be happier that way.”
In front of him lies a lush green field. Trees are scattered until they cluster together at the end of the field, forming a deep forest. Castiel realizes that his backpack is gone as he turns around. Dr. Adler is still standing there, smiling strangely at him.
Castiel chimed in. “I’m sure Michael would be happy to fly you into Chicago, Sam. He’ll do it from anywhere.”
Cas smiles. “I could say the same about you.” He touches Dean’s arm. “I know today involved taking a lot of hard steps. You’re probably going to feel weird about it for a while. It happens to everyone.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Screw that. We get at least five days out of the month to ourselves to fuck around. I’ll even give you a hand if you want. You could even fuck me and we’d kill two birds with one stone.”
Dean led Gabriel upstairs, and together they packed most of Claire’s toys and clothes into boxes. Dean packed just the essentials of his own things. He was used to having the bare minimum before this, and he wanted to travel as light as possible. They loaded everything into Gabriel’s car, including a few of the plants. Dean was particularly attached to this one prayer plant, and Fernanda, Castiel’s fittonia.
Castiel stepped out of the shower as well. “What do you think it would have been like if we met under different circumstances? Like...I worked at Gabriel’s bakery and you came in every Tuesday for coffee and a croissant. I’d stare at you for too long, you’d notice and stare back. One day I write my number on your napkin. We go out for dinner every Saturday. We move into a little townhouse and make a massive garden in the backyard. Bliss.”
“I love you,” Castiel whispered before pulling back, and quickly walking away, disappearing into the crowd.
The omega under Dean threw one arm up to brace himself against the headboard and grabbed Dean’s shoulder with the other. He panted and moaned, allowing himself to get lost in the pleasure.
Castiel set his embroidery aside and walked over to Dean, sitting on the arm of the chair. He didn’t say anything or even look at Dean like he was pressuring him to speak. Having that respect and comforting presence made Dean feel like talking.
They spend the evening glued to each other in front of the TV. They discuss what they want to do for their date and plan it for the upcoming weekend.
Dean hummed and stretched his arms a bit. “This still doesn’t feel real. For so long, I was convinced that we’d never be able to be together. We really had everything working against us for a while. I can’t describe how happy this makes me. I’ve never felt like this about anyone until I met you.”
