“Aren’t you bored with this game?” Sherlock mutters between shaky breaths. “I know I am. Also, you really should see a doctor about that chronic tonsillitis. No wonder you’re in such a bad mood.”
Just the fleeting memory of that night makes Sherlock shudder all over with another wave of perverse, humiliated arousal. His straining and purpling cock twitches, dribbling out a pulse of clear fluid.
“We’re fine,” Sherlock says blandly.
She hugs him gratefully, and John is a little bit handsier than necessary, strictly to confirm that she’s not hiding a weapon under her loose clothing. Sherlock is startled for a split second, then his expression smooths as he catches on to John’s intent. He makes eye contact over Patricia’s shoulder, quirks his brow in query.
as his eyes roam across miles of ivory pale flesh, taking in every dip and curve, every detail of Sherlock’s physical being.
is on the tip of John’s annoyed tongue, but he manages to bite back the childish retort through sheer force of will.
“I see,” John said with a studied mildness, though he’s certain Sherlock doesn’t miss how he shifts minutely in his seat, mentally adding an item to an exhaustive mental list he keeps on hand at all times.
Standing in the middle of their cluttered kitchen, John makes a silent vow. He promises himself he will stop holding back that little piece of his heart and give Sherlock the gift of his total trust.
“And I’m eager to teach them,” the older man replies with a smile. “It’s a lovely kind of semi-retirement, getting to pass along some of my life’s work to the younger generation. You know,” he says, with a conspiratorial grin, “Mathematics was my first love, and I always wanted to be a teacher, really. Economics just kind of...happened to me. I spent years behind the scenes, working on the theories others put to use and, well. I suppose this is my time to step in front of the curtain.”
The smile is the only part that doesn’t ring perfectly true. It never quite reaches his eyes, which remain distant and hard, pale and cool as diamonds.
“What about me, then?” John asks, more curious than annoyed. “Am I changing my look as well?”
Sherlock’s orgasm surges and crests, the intensity of it bordering on agony, a silent flash of brilliant white light that burns through him, pain and pleasure transforming into shards of glittering crystal slicing into every nerve ending. He’s unable to keep himself from crying out, sharp guttural noises torn from this throat as John fucks him expertly through it, steady strokes across his prostate making his climax lengthen and deepen, transmuting sharp-edged carnal ecstasy into something deeper and sweeter, oxytocin and dopamine flowing like honey through his veins.
And then John pauses, takes a step back.
The thing is, John feels he may well be right.
“Yes, John. That means good.”
“What were you like before you were ruined, I wonder?” John murmurs.
“You deserve this,” John growls, and his voice, oh, how his voice has changed, gone thicker and rougher, almost feral.
Sherlock threw his head back and howled as he came, shuddering as pleasure overtook him, ejaculating with such force that it arced and spattered warm across John’s chest and cheek. The spasms of his body around John’s cock and the hot wetness of Sherlock’s come on his face pushed John over the edge, and his brain exploded in pleasure as he emptied himself deep inside Sherlock’s body, pulsing over and over as he climaxed hard with a desperate cry he barely recognised as his own voice.
“It should be fine,” the young woman -- identified by the lanyard around her neck as Tymika -- replies. “I’ll go check. Mister Holmes, come with me please? I’ll show you where you can wait.”
The fact that John still looks at him like that even after everything they’ve seen of each other and done to each other, still looks at him as though he wants to
The flat is quiet.
“Something like that,” Sherlock answers blandly, shoulders tensing slightly. This is as close to admitting his non-neurotypicality as he has ever come, and the topic clearly makes him uncomfortable.
activities. Sherlock looks over at him, his face creasing ever so slightly into a shadow of a genuine grin, understanding dawning as John attempts to gingerly rearrange himself into a more comfortable position.
“They managed to locate images of one specific woman, in a station where twelve thousand plus passengers pass through daily. This is real life, John, not one of your Bond films.”
“And you’re a bit danger-prone, and I’m much more concerned about your well being than the NHS missing ten quid worth of plaster and gauze,” replies John. “Besides, I’m not in their employ any longer so they can piss right off.”
“What gave me away?”
The burn of expensive alcohol does nothing to soothe the ache in his heart or the sting of unshed tears in the back of his throat.
“Really.”
In a moment Sherlock will come in, pull on a dressing gown, and leave, go out into the living room to be alone, to think, to retreat far into himself, remote and untouchable. And John will be, for all intents and purposes, alone.
“I had no idea this existed,” John says.
“Okay,” John murmurs, then leans forward and takes hold of Sherlock’s softened cock and guides it into his mouth, bobbing up and down in long pulls, curving the fingers buried in his arse, pressing upward, seeking that tender bump of tissue. He locates the edge of Sherlock’s prostate and strokes across it with just the barest hint of pressure.
John can’t suppress the small, satisfied smirk on his lips at the sight of Sherlock in the doorway, lean and cool despite disheveled hair and a smear of blood along one sharp cheekbone. Belying the heat implied by his words, his eyes are cold, hard glittering chips of marble as he levels the Glock in his hand directly at Louellen’s head.
“But I digress,” Sherlock says, hoarse voice barely above a whisper, and then tips back another swallow of vodka.
The man nods, slowly, looking impressed rather than offended. “I’ve heard a lot about you, Mister Holmes. So far, what they say about you is true.”
“Fine.
“Isn’t it, though?” Sherlock replies, opening the cupboard underneath the toaster and pulling out a large sauté pan.
“Terribly,” John replies, pressing his lips to the pulse point just under Sherlock’s stubbled jaw, tasting the salty tang of his skin. He slides fingertips over the worn denim seat of his jeans, savoring the feel of plush, rounded flesh under his hands. “Truly. I was bereft.”
“Fuck me harder,” Sherlock breathes in his ear. "Fuck me, fill me up, please, God, I need it--” and his soft, pleadingly obscene words tip John over the edge into an explosion of roaring silent noise, the blinding pleasure crashing through him, suspending him in a single timeless moment of ecstasy as he pours himself into Sherlock, filling his waiting, willing body with hot wetness.
Sherlock nods his reluctant assent and rises from the bed. He reaches into his jacket pocket, pulls out John’s phone and places it on the bed within John’s reach. “If you need me for anything --
“Beautiful boy,” John murmurs, and kisses his cheek with a tenderness that almost brings Sherlock to tears. He arranges the pillows and sits up against the headboard, stiff dusky red cock jutting up proudly from between his legs. “Shift up here a bit, all right? Knee over, just like that, okay.” He carefully guides Sherlock into a straddling position, his knobby knees astride John’s hips. He ends up making sure he doesn’t tip over from lack of balance. Sherlock ooks down at him with wide, worshipful eyes, watching him John closely as he plucks the tube of slick from the rumpled sheets, pops open the cap. He coats his thick, lovely prick with a palmful of lube, stroking himself back to full hardness as his heavy-lidded eyes rake up and down Sherlock’s body, from his trapped swollen nipples and the heavy chain dangling between them down to his engorged cock, shiny and almost purpling from the constraint of the leather ring.
He laughs against John’s soft mouth. “You’re trying to kill me, I think.”
“Your mother,” Sherlock murmurs. “She liked this song.”
“Have you got to the bit where the uncle--”
--” John’s words devolve into a low, drawn out moan as Sherlock slides three fingers inside of him. “Oh Jesus.”
Sherlock is rumpled and visibly annoyed, smoking and pacing the narrow strip of concrete pavement in front of their room. He’s not muttering to himself, not yet, but John can tell he’s close, the agitation almost visibly building within his narrow-shouldered frame.
“Crossdressing?” Sherlock had hummed for a moment, contemplative. “You mean the full kit? Not likely, unless of it’s for a case, of course.”
.” John croons the nonsense syllables as he brushes his lips up and across his closed eyes, kissing away silent tears without comment, until the tremors under Sherlock’s skin begin to ease and his breathing grows even and calm.
You win. I would love to have enthusiastic penetrative anal sex with you, okay? You mad, inappropriate bastard.”
“Two, now,” he says between panting gasps. “And I need--spit’s not enough. Get the lube.”
Sherlock’s not as large as John but not small, either; he’s the exact right size as far as John’s concerned, the hot velvet of him filling his mouth perfectly; he savours the taste of smooth delicate skin, the weight of it on his tongue, the way his lips stretch around the blood-hot shaft as Sherlock shudders, crying out a choked sob at the way John is pleasuring him.
John and Sherlock in an old Ford Focus, crossing that bridge as the sun rises over the city. They’re dressed in street clothes. Sherlock’s hair is cut short, a cigarette smoldering between the fingers of his hand as it grips the steering wheel. They’re both grim, resigned, tired beyond exhaustion.
“Bloody hell,” John sighs. “I
“Where are the Budapest papers?” the man repeats, his voice bearing a strong Northern accent. Rank, rotting breath washes over Sherlock in a fetid wave, making him recoil. His gut tightens, and he might have vomited if there was anything other than bile in his stomach.
Sherlock yawns, then shifts his weight, rearranging himself.
“There’s no point,” he says.
“I’m not angry,” John tells him, and it’s the truth. Under his fingers, John feels Sherlock’s shoulders relax.
The blank slate of their future rises before him, and he feels unmoored, uncertain.
Sherlock gives in to the need burning him alive and moves, thrusting desperately forward against John’s fabric-covered thighs, then pushing back against the fingers fucking his arse open. The desperate filthy shame of it all is brutal, overpowering, and it takes fewer than a dozen thrusts before the molten pleasure explodes inside him and he’s coming with a pained animal moan, spilling hot wetness all over John’s lap, mindless bliss overloading every neuron. John gentles his thrusting, presses expertly against his prostate, and another wave of orgasm washes over him, the spasms of pleasure shading into pain as his body pulses again and again.
John smiles, just a little, feeling the sting of his cracked and chapped lips.
“I want to come,” he pants. “Oh God, I want to come, I want to blow all over your gorgeous face and lick it back off. Jesus. Fuck.” He gives a single, drawn-out groan, then slows the movement of his hand, then yanks Sherlock away from his task, grasps the base of his own cock and stills, breathing hard through his nose as he staves off his imminent orgasm.
“Please,” he rasps brokenly. “Oh, God, I want more, John, God, just fuck me already.”
“Logically, it makes no sense,” Sherlock says, his voice gone cooler, more remote, his voice of emotional remove. “Looking at it objectively, with the clear eyes of reason, why is there any difference between what Mary did and what Rajakovic did? Both of them were violations of my body, trespasses against my person. From a purely logical point of view, one could make the argument that what Mary did to me was in fact worse, because she was actively trying to take my life, whereas Rajakovic caused me neither permanent physical injury nor death.
“We’re having turkey in four weeks,” Sherlock says. “Why would we have it twice? Turkey isn’t even very good.”
He turns towards the entrance of the corner shop; his hand is just closing around the smooth, worn metal of the crash bar bisecting the glass door when he notices the strobe of blue and red lights strafing across the greasy, blurred front windows of the shop. A police cruiser is rolling slowly down the street, almost certainly on the lookout for a nearly-elderly bearded lunatic in a tartan jacket who brandished a handgun and terrorised a group of kids who were merely minding their own damn business.
“God,” he rasps, low and hoarse. “God, Sherlock. Every single day, it’s like seeing you for the first time. And every day you’re the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.”
“Of course.”
“I agree,” John murmurs, twisting his fingers in Shezza’s ratty, tangled curls and pulling him down for a kiss. A moment later he breaks away, pulling a face. “You could have brushed your teeth, though.”
For a moment the entire room is silent in the face of Adam’s self-delusion, each of them wondering how to move forward.
Sherlock and John step into an improbably gorgeous late fall afternoon.
Sherlock selects a spot just above the tide line and lowers himself with ridiculous grace, seating himself tailor style on the sand. John joins him, grimacing a little as he sits, a sharp twinge reminding him of last night’s rather...
“I knew sex can change a person, but frankly, love, you’re scaring me here.”
John unwraps his chopsticks, scrapes them against each other in unconscious ritual. The counterman mutters to himself as he assembles the order, then drops the steaming food in front of John. The broth is fragrant with soy and green onion, and the noodles are rubbery but filling. He is barely on his third mouthful when he feels the distinct prickle on his neck that says someone is hovering right behind him.
And it had been, for everyone, a thoroughly happy day. Lily is a happy child, an easygoing, blessedly sunny creature that brings joy to everyone in her orbit, especially Sherlock’s parents, her toothless smiles and delighted laughter a balm to their profound and sharp-edged grief in the wake of Mycroft’s death.
“Gambling was supposed to save this town,” Sherlock murmurs. “Bring in jobs, bring in money. But the employees come in on buses from across the state, and the money is sent elsewhere as fast as it its made. Classic long con from the politicians and their friends in organised crime.”
Johns can’t help the tiny sigh that escapes him as Sherlock’s deep, rich voice pours into him, thick as honey, pooling warm and sweet in his belly. “You’re feeling adventurous this morning,” he says softly, voice gone a bit breathy as he savors the marvellous feel of Sherlock’s lips on his neck, his insistent exploring hands tracing patterns across the skin of his back.
“Imagine the sound of it,” he whispers. “The smack of your hand against the round part of my arse you like so much. The noises I would make for you--”
He moans and flails in incoherent terror and confusion; a dark blurry shape looms over him, and a warm and slightly callused hand strokes his arm with gentle care.
And what he sees, now, is that he’s not grieving for the death of the woman he once called his wife, the woman whose life he was forced to end, but for his daughter, his perfect innocent child. John grieves for what he has taken from her, for the incalculable loss that she will one day come to understand.
Jim looks up from the chess board, fixes her with a penetrating stare. “It would be better if I could talk to him in person, I think.”
“Please, love. It’s almost two in the morning, the sofa makes your back sore, and I am sorry. Truly I am. Please. Come to bed.”
John exhales sharply, his annoyance flaring unexpectedly. They’re trying to have a moment, and they’re getting in their own goddamned way again, tripping over their own metaphorical feet, and why is everything between them always so damn difficult?
Shan howls indignantly, a string of Chinese curses dropping from her lips as she turns to face her visitors. Her angry scowl shifts to an expression of surprise, shading rapidly into fear.
“Fuck,” he says out loud, his voice reverberating in the empty flat. He feels impotent, helpless. He feels angry, not at Sherlock, God of course not, but at the idea of somebody hurting him--
He’s silent. Still. Waiting.
Sherlock gives him a look of unvarnished scepticism.
“You were made for this,” John murmured hoarsely. “You were absolutely born to suck cock with that mouth. You love it, don’t you? Nothing else matters to you right now, except having your mouth fucked.” Sherlock nodded and moaned around John’s cock, the vibrations sending hot shivers of pleasure up John’s spine. It was so good, dirty and vulgar and unspeakably hot and John knew he wouldn’t last much longer at this rate. He pulled out of Sherlock’s mouth with a wet sliding noise and took a deep, calming breath.
“Just momentarily.”
John nods and stands; a passing wave of dizziness makes him feel a bit unsteady on his feet for just a moment. Of course, neither Sherlock nor Louellen pay him the slightest heed.
“Come to bed soon, okay?” John says instead, and he doesn’t mean for it to come out low and rough and a little needy but it does, and Sherlock’s eyes flick up to him for just a moment, pupils wide and dark in the lamplight.
Sherlock looks at him reproachfully over the rim of his glass. “Honestly, John. Why do you absolutely insist on thinking I don’t care about you, when there is a mountain of evidence to the contrary? What exactly is the purpose of this defense mechanism?”
And he’s not yet prepared to make sense out of any of this, out of these hazy, disjointed thoughts and impressions.
“Sherl-”
John has to force himself to not look at Sherlock.
Sherlock regards John for a moment longer before turning his head to take in the tidied room and folded clothes.
to know what happened. But at the same time, he does. Perhaps knowledge would help. Perhaps knowledge would help him help Sherlock, or at least know better to navigate this dreadful icy impasse and get them back on firmer, warmer ground.
“So we need to find her first.”
“Yes,” John affirms. “It’s a real word.”
John wiggles the pants and bottoms down and off Sherlock’s long slim legs, tossing them over the edge of the bed before carefully settling himself back in between his pale, wide spread thighs. He runs his hands lightly up down the lean, muscled length of his legs, from hips to knees, gazing with reverence at the lovely body beneath his fingertips.
“This is incredibly difficult,” Sherlock observes, half contrite and half sulky.
“Why?” Sherlock asks Maria, plaintive and raw, deep voice cracking up an octave on the single syllable. “Why kill either one of us? What’s the point? It’s over. Take that van and run, you might live to see another day. Killing us now achieves nothing.”
John’s eyebrows lift in surprise, then he nods. “I suppose I am. “ He reaches into his inner jacket pocket, pulls out his wallet, takes out a  fifty-pound note. “I’ll give you this if you go over there and start a fight.”
This is the fifth night they’ve done this, and the undeniable intimacy of it has not lessened one bit. The nearness of their bodies, John’s gloved fingers touching Sherlock so intimately as he tends to the injury-- the closeness of it all is overwhelming, almost terrifying, and John is nowhere near as observant as Sherlock but he still recognizes how the man’s heartbeat races under his hands.
“I guess I never thought about it much before.” John chuckles. “You know,  I never really planned on getting this old.”
He never takes more than half , for fear he’ll divulge too much, finally give in to his sentimental, romantic nature and spill out his overfull heart to his landlady or worse, to Sherlock himself, demolishing all their hard-won progress.
“Yes I can. I
“Please,” Sherlock scoffs without heat. “You’re a forty-four year old man. My mother will undoubtedly talk you into eating dessert. You’re going to be so carb-loaded you’ll fall asleep in your armchair ten minutes after we get home. You won’t even get your shoes off tonight, let alone me.”
“So should I--”
He has always had a difficult time accepting that side of Sherlock, the messy, troubled, self-destructive side. It runs right up against John’s desire to always see Sherlock as the brilliant, untouchable genius, the victor of every battle, the hero of every story.
“Well, kind of. I mean yes.”
Sherlock stretches, chuckling. “I only speak the absolute truth.”
John is momentarily too shocked to answer.
Finally after what feels like an age that could be measured in geologic time, the cab pulls up in front of 221B. Sherlock throws a couple of bills at the driver and launches himself out onto the pavement before the taxi has even come to a complete stop; John follows in his wake, trying unsuccessfully to stifle his laughter as Sherlock fumbles with his key at the front door with unusually clumsy fingers.
God, he wants to hit someone so fucking badly right now.
Sherlock responds to the kiss, opening to him hungrily, seeking John’s tongue with his own, relishing the taste of him, the warm welcome of his mouth.
Sherlock pulls his knees up to his chest, wraps his arms around them, hugging his own body in unconscious self-protection.
It’s close to ten when John finally gives in and goes home.
Sherlock feels the trailing end of the belt against his cool and naked skin as John drags it slowly up his back, to the base of his neck and back down again to his tailbone.
John is certain it’s Mycroft, or maybe Greg if Mycroft has alerted him to the situation.
Entertaining similar thoughts perhaps, Sherlock is silent for the entire trip back to Baker Street. As they pull up to the kerb in front of their building Sherlock thrusts a banknote at the cabbie, waves off the handful change as he exits the car, John following close on his heels. Sherlock unlocks the door of 221b, holds it open, gestures for John to enter ahead of him.
“Sherlock,” John says, pleading. “I know you’re angry, I do know, but we need to talk about this. Please.”
“Yes,” John replies without elaboration.
Suddenly ravenously thirsty, John drains the jar in three large gulps. Sherlock holds out his hand and John gives the glass back to him.
“You make it sound like we’re ancient,” he says softly, not in annoyance but in something that sounds close to acceptance.
“Thank you, love,” John says. “Maybe find a Chinese takeaway for us?”
“What about--” he can’t bring himself to say the name, not when they’re like this. “Don’t you want to get to work? I understand, I don’t m--”
“Why do you lie about your upbringing? It's what you do. You’re a compulsive liar, and extraordinarily good at it. You’ve never been caught, though you’ve come close. You’ve managed to skate away into a new town, a new life, every time, just before the noose closes around your neck.
The room is suddenly, dreadfully quiet. John pushes down a strange little spike of panic.
He brushes the hair tenderly away from her face, trying desperately to think of something to say to the woman who means the world to him. The woman he saved once, so very long ago, who repaid him a million times over in ways large and small every single day since.
“I know,” John says in a soft near-whisper, even though it’s not quite true, he didn’t know, until this moment he hadn’t fully recognised what Sherlock had gone through, pushing away the terror and panic through sheer force of will in order to do what needed to be done, in order to find the cold clarity needed to walk into that building prepared to deal death to anyone who came into his path--and it was all just for John. To reach him. To save him, if it had come to that.
“But you’re taking it anyway.”
“Good morning, John,” Sherlock replies with the trace of a fond smile on his own.
“You’re sure?”
John nods. “Call me John, then?" he offers
Licking his fingers clean, Sherlock opens the bedroom door to find Lily standing at the edge of the bed, wide awake. Her blue eyes are bright, her fine blond hair a sleep-mussed cloud around her head. She’s mostly if not entirely de-caked, and clad only in her nappy.
“Say it,” John gasps. “Please, Sherlock.”
John gives a sharp warning tug on the leash. The pressure on his windpipe makes Sherlock fully hard again.
Sherlock sleeps through this quiet, heartfelt declaration; in fact, he sleeps soundly through the night, his long limbs wrapped possessively around John’s frame, sleeps deep and peaceful for many quiet hours, until midmorning light flows thick and bright through the bedroom windows.
He stares at his mobile, trying to make it chime through sheer force of will.
The lounge has been remodeled in a more modern style, but with rustic touches, the old stones of the house exposed along the length of the room. A huge fig tree -- real or an expensive fake, John can’t tell-- takes up one whole corner of the room. The furnishings are expensive but casual and comfortably overstuffed, the tobacco-brown leather sectional sofas arranged around a large wall-mounted flatscreen television, while the stylishly distressed wood console table underneath holds several types of gaming systems John does not recognise.
“Yuck,” John grumbles, letting his inner six-year-old out, if just for a moment.
He doesn’t realize he’s said all this out loud until he looks up from the box in his hand to find Sherlock gone and several other shoppers looking at him with frankly undisguised concern.
He whimpers brokenly when John pulls off his cock with a wet slurp, kisses the soft skin just inside the crest of his pelvis.
“... and everything else that happened. Whatever bad times the two of you had, I really do think he was in a terrible place he’ll never be in again. Sometimes when people are hurting, intense emotions get, you know, misplaced. I see it all the time. You see it all the time. It doesn’t mean that those people are bad. It means those people are damaged.”
--clonazepam: generic name for Klonopin, a benzodiazepine used to treat chronic anxiety. DO NOT MIX BENZOS WITH ALCOHOL. EVER. JOHN IS AN IDIOT.
“So did you ever, um…”
“Thank you,” Sherlock says, nervous and oddly formal.
Through the open door, John can see him pace back and forth relentlessly down the narrow concrete walkway outside. It’s still annoying, but at least he can breathe a bit easier, though the room still reeks of old smoke.
John nods, closes his eyes and breathes through his nose until the moment passes. When he opens his eyes again, Sherlock has moved to the back of the long, low living room, which is clearly sectioned off by a heavy antique desk and hand-built bookcase into a sort of office/study area. The top of the desk is strewn with photos and stacks of mail, but there is a clear space in the center where a laptop clearly resided until recently.
“The length is not a problem. Seven and three quarters inches is not so far above the norm--”
John’s eyes go soft at that and the’re kissing again, the press of their mouths growing more heated, and Sherlock would absolutely be getting hard again if that was even remotely possible, which it absolutely is not.
John covers him carefully with the blanket from his chair, goes into the kitchen to make coffee.
“Yes. All right?
The book safe pops open. Johnson’s visibly sweating, pink forehead shiny. John rather hopes he doesn’t have a coronary after all the work it’s taken to get to him.
John nods, allows the woman’s cool, slim hands to assist him to a sitting position.
“Seahorses?”
“Mmmph,” Sherlock answers. He’s wrung out, utterly exhausted, but he tries to make it sound like a
John is sitting on the edge of the bed, in the circle of lamplight. They had left it unmade this morning, and John has stripped off the silk coverlet and top sheet and tossed them carelessly aside, leaving only the fitted sheet and pillows.
John sighs through his nose and nods, unsurprised. He doesn't answer. There doesn't seem much to say.
Sherlock moans, low and desperate, and tries desperately not to thrust against John’s lap, to be stay still, to be good, but he’s so hard, God, he’s so hard, he’s never needed to come so badly in his life--
There is a cardboard carton piled to overflowing with rubbish. Sherlock gestures at it with the toe of his battered trainer.
,” Sherlock breathes, and pulls him down into a crushing kiss, wrapping his hands around the cheeks of John’s arse and tugging him down firmly against his groin.
, precisely. Evelyn and I were able to bribe a surgery tech to lose your clothes and scrub the GSR off your hands and arms before the police officially took swabs. We’ve put together a cover story leaning heavily on James Martinez, the actions of MI6 and a sprinkle of diplomatic immunity, and we’ve been guaranteed corroboration from the Home Office.”
John groans--in embarrassment now, not pleasure-- and clambers awkwardly off Sherlock’s lap. His erection is rapidly subsiding; the smirk of one’s elderly landlady is a miracle worker in that department, he’ll have to keep that one on file--as he wipes his slightly saliva-wet face on his sleeve. He looks over at Sherlock, still sitting the kitchen chair. His head is hanging down, his shoulders hunched; for a moment John thinks he is mortified or upset but then he sees the minute shaking on Sherlock’s back and realizes he’s stifling laughter.
Sherlock moves closer to him, places his hands gently on his shoulders. “Wherever she is, whatever has happened...the best thing we can do to find her is to move forward. In fact, it’s the only thing we can do. We cannot let ourselves get bogged down in fear and worry. Not now.”
Sherlock is
Sherlock reminds himself to breathe, pretends to consider the question.
Sherlock sighs in annoyance with the limitations of his own body. “Five minutes. Just to rest my eyes.”
Interminable minutes pass.
“You had no choice,” Sherlock says. His tone is still quiet, but there’s a note of urgency underneath. “
“Mr. Watson,” Sherlock states tonelessly.
He turns off the tap.
“For goodness sake,” Sherlock sighs, “you don’t have to coddle me,” meaning
Sherlock rummages in the twisted sheets, retrieves the plain white crimped tube.
“We’ll never even make a dent in all this,” John says with a chuckle, but to his surprise they make a decent go at it. John is ravenous, inhaling curry and spring rolls, and Sherlock is matching him almost bite for bite, tucking away chicken satay and dumplings and pad thai like he hasn’t eaten a meal in days himself.
John is silent for a moment before tackling the issue head-on.
“Taking care of me must be getting bloody tiresome,” John says, telling himself he’s saying it jokingly but on another level knowing he’s being pointedly passive aggressive and rather hating himself for it already.
The woman snorts in derision. “She’s not a friend.”
John is about to lose his mind.
he tells himself sternly. Really. This is a ridiculous overreaction to a swat on the bum. But still, he feels more than a bit panicky, and is on the brink of texting back and telling him to forget the whole thing, when John saves him from his own uncertainty.
Sherlock shrugs. “He’s minimising his carbon footprint, I suppose. Are you ready to go?”
“Sherlock. Hey, Sherlock.”
Sherlock drops his eyes, bends to carefully untie the laces on his shoes, toes them off, takes them into the open wardrobe before returning to the centre of the room, standing first on one large slim foot then another as he removes his socks. He slips out of his slim two-button jacket, turning to drape it carefully on a padded hanger and return it to the wardrobe. He pulls his shirt tails out of his trousers, undoes his cuffs, slips each button free slowly but without self-consciousness or artifice. He’s not stripping or putting on a show, he is simply doing exactly what John tells him to do the way he does everything else in his life-- to the absolute best of his ability.
“Yes,” she says, and it’s remarkable how that one word sounds an awful lot like
They both go silent. Sherlock gives him a small sheepish grin, and gestures with a wave of his fingers.
But Camden. Oh, Camden.
Turning this mess of thought over and over in his head John thinks he's wide awake all over again, but underneath he’s still tired to the bone, and between exhaustion and codeine he falls into a light sleep, unaware he's drowsing until the mattress dips and creaks as Sherlock turns the lamp off and slides into into bed, conspicuously keeping his distance from John, almost clinging to the far edge of the mattress
Sherlock makes a noncommittal noise and picks up the telly remote.
John’s breath hitches raggedly and his shoulders shake, but he makes no sound at all as he weeps.
“I wasn’t ready,” John says with a sigh. “I went out with some old mates from Afghanistan, except one of them wasn’t much of a mate, I guess. He has a problem with me, and he um. He said things that I didn’t much like hearing.”
"I thought I was getting better," he says, almost in a whimper, suddenly near tears for no real reason at all.
John thinks with a pang of despair, teetering dangerously close to the edge of hopelessness.
“We have a few hours before the arranged rendezvous. Atlantic City is a small town and we need to reduce even the unlikely possibility of Mary spotting us. Plus, I thought maybe you’d like to see the ocean.”
“What is your point, Mycroft?”
He could probably get the telly remote from the far bedside table without causing himself dire internal injury, but somehow it seems like far too huge an undertaking to contemplate.
“Nonsense,” Sherlock says dismissively, guiding him down onto the edge of his bed with a hand on his shoulder, then bending to tug off his shoes. The caring yet efficient way he attends to the task tells John nothing about this is sexual, or even particularly romantic; it is instead borne from Sherlock’s need to keep John close, watch over him, care for him and keep him from harm as best he can on this difficult night.
John nods, once, understanding the emotion underneath the uncertain words. “When this is done,” he murmurs. “Yes. All right.” He reluctantly releases Sherlock’s hand, stands, gathers discarded wrappings and gloves from the bedspread and drops them in his bag. Sherlock is still, unmoving, his dark curls a halo in the dim light.
The fresh cool air is welcome, so John doesn’t bother to close it.
“I don’t need to rest,” Sherlock mutters dismissively. “I need to
“I’m sure you’re indispensable to the practice,” John says soothingly, recapturing her attention.
He’s dealt with the whispers and sidelong stares from the nurses. Accepted the overly polite distance of the other doctors.
So clearly, he’s not in fantastic shape overall -- he’s peeing into a bag, he’s incredibly nauseated, his mouth is Sahara-dry, his head is pounding, and this is just the immediate first impression of the situation.
Leaning his slender frame against a beige satin-stripe wallpaper last fashionable in the mid-Nineties, Sherlock primly sips from a plastic cup of warm Diet Coke as he surveys the terrain before them. His changeable eyes are not quite blue today but rather a pale silvery green, a shade that John’s ever-florid inner monologue compares to the first frost on a tangled hedgerow as Sherlock silently scans the enormous room, taking in everything around them, cataloguing every inch down to the tiniest detail.
“It’s not gibberish,” Sherlock says, and he’s said it before. He and Lestrade have had this entire conversation before, and more than once. “It means something.”
“MI6 outpost.”
“That you’re turned on by me dressed as a ratty homeless drug addict?” Sherlock chuckles, unable to keep the smirk off his face. “Yes. Very disturbing. In fact, I think we need to explore this topic at a later date. Thoroughly and in great detail.”
As his orgasm surges and crests and ebbs John gentles his touch, carefully slowing his strokes, coaxing him through his last shivering aftershocks before releasing his spent cock. Eddies of pleasure still sing through Sherlock’s nerves, make John inside him still feel so good, so Sherlock regroups, refocuses his efforts, pistoning himself up and down until his thighs are shaking, wanting to make John feel as good as John makes him feel.
“You sound skeptical,” John notes around a mouthful of chicken as he opens a beer for himself.
This moment seems to stretch out forever, a golden drop of something wonderful suspended outside of the horror surrounding them, outside of time itself. John is in his arms, alive and real and warm, so very warm--
He made a cup of tea just the way Sherlock liked, two sugars and a splash of milk.
“It’s so good,” he moans as he pushes and twists his fingers inside himself, making his cock twitch and pulse dribbles of precome. “It’s so good.”
Mycroft didn’t come.
“You all right?” he asks, and John shoots him a disbelieving look in return. Sherlock shakes his head at the obvious answer to his own question. “I mean, above and beyond --” he flaps one large hand around vaguely -- “all of this.”
Something else that’s been pulling at him since he acknowledged that blank space at the party, hovering near the kitchen door.
“What do you think you’re negotiating for?” Johnson asks.
John gives up the fiction of sleeping; this question is urgent, a matter of life and death, and John will be damned before he lets Sherlock cut himself open with this kind of self-flagellation for another moment.
John looks up at Sherlock. His entire demeanour has changed completely, colour gone pale and eyes glittering hard and cold. John can feel the shift in him, almost a physical sensation, sentiment and emotion boxed up and put away in order to confront this unexpected change in their situation head-on, without distraction.
“You know what would be lovely?” Mrs Hudson exclaims after she drains her cup. “If you would play for us, Sherlock. It’s been so long since I’ve heard you play, I don’t think since the wedding--” she theatrically claps a hand over her mouth, but Sherlock merely gives her a momentary glower before he shrugs and rises, opening the violin case without comment.
“I need your help with a delicate matter,” Sherlock says.
“And that’s when Dr Murdoch assaulted me with the antique curio he kept on top of his filing cabinet,” Sherlock tells the DI flatly.
An active lingerie fetish is proving entirely unnecessary. There is no denying the fact that Sherlock is objectively, mindbendingly gorgeous in the skimpy black lace g-string; his arse is rounded and full and absolutely made to be poured into a thong, a fact John is forcibly confronted with when Sherlock turns to carefully fold his trousers and drape them over the arm of the wing chair, bending and stretching perhaps a bit more than strictly necessary to carefully smooth out every single microscopic crease in the fine wool.
“Here?” John gives the house, then Sherlock, his best furrowed-brow look of not quite understanding. “Why on earth?”
“Your turn,” John says, crossing the room--walking with a bit more of a wide-legged gait than is usual even for him; he’s already feeling distinctly twinge of discomfort in a very certain place--and pressing a kiss into Sherlock’s messy, matted  hair. He makes a face as the aroma of stale smoke and musky sweat rises up to his nose. “Ugh. You’re disgusting.”
“Mmmf,” Sherlock mumbles into John’s shirt before sitting up a little, shaking his sleep-rumpled head. “No. ‘Course not.”
The sprinklers quell the flames effectively in moments, leaving the two of them drenched.
“Eight, actually.”
He stops mid-sentence as Sherlock looks up at him, his eyes pale silver in the torch’s flickering beam.
Patty holds out her hand. “I’ll put it in, if you like.”
Sherlock’s initial estimate has proven to be frustratingly over-optimistic.
“I really don’t understand what you’re getting at,” Sherlock says, sounding skeptical, and John cannot blame him; even though the words themselves are completely true and honest, it sounds like the kind of stilted therapy-speak both of them loathe and avoid wherever possible.
“You make it sound easy, put like that. But it’s not, and that is what makes you brilliant.”
As the drug takes hold John hears himself say, nonsensically, “Don’t fucking eat my eclair.”
“Yeah. I couldn’t pass the medical. Anyway, I kind of like it here. Everything used up, falling apart before it’s time.” She chuckles a bit sadly. “Like me, I guess.”
“And this is something you want? You’re absolutely certain?”
, exactly; but there’s something about her that’s not quite motherly, either.
“Yes. And so do bees.”
“How do I look?” John asks, jokingly coy.
“Alright,” Rocco nods. “That’s a bit of comfort, I guess.”
“Are you implying I need one?” John asks archly, knowing full well the answer.
John makes tea as Sherlock drags an extra chair out of the kitchen for the visitors, an unprecedented show of concern.
Sherlock nods.
Something is niggling at him, though. John has that impression of something catching on a sharp snag in his mind, that unmistakable feeling that something is in front of him, something huge, something right there that he’s not seeing. He finds himself appreciating how important his usual role really is, how valuable he is just being a sounding board for Sherlock, helping him tease his racing thoughts apart and weave them back together again, forming the connections and patterns he needs to make his leaps of brilliance.
Until now.
“I’m positive,” John breathes. “In fact, I like it. I love it.” He wraps his mouth around Sherlock’s cock again, sliding wet lips down his shaft, swallowing him down again to the very root. Sherlock is tentative at first, carding his fingers through John’s wet hair, but soon he grows bolder, pulling John’s hair in earnest as he growls low in his throat, guiding John’s head as he starts to move more insistently, thrusting his cock down his throat, beginning to fuck his face in earnest as John moans in pleasure around his mouthful of hard flesh, saliva spilling past his lips and trickling down his chin.
. Stop that, this isn’t funny.”
“No one’s coming,” he says again, the words tasting cold and metallic in his mouth.
“Since the day we met,” Sherlock admits.
“I don’t --” he begins, not even really knowing where he wants to go with the sentence. He stops, shakes his head, closes his eyes against Sherlock’s searching gaze.
Rocco nods. “The green ones with a drawstring, and a tee shirt, too big for ‘im. He didn’t have no shoes on. He looked like--” He gulps, looks up at Sherlock. “His eyes-- his eyes were bulging out, like he was scared.”
Out of the corner of his eye, John sees the woman seated next to him has produced a handgun of her own, seemingly out of nowhere, and has it pointed at Sherlock in response.
He tugs on the leash, and the brief pressure on his windpipe makes Sherlock’s head swim for a moment. “Up. On your knees, middle of the bed.”
“Yeah. So.” John takes a deep breath, squares his shoulders. “I’m all in. If you want me, I’m all in.”
“Yeah, mate. Got it. Differences.” He looks down, takes a long pull of his drink, returns his beady eyes to John’s. “I’d bet a twenty that ‘difference’ is that poofter cop you run around with, innit?”
So they do this first.
The two spend a long moment looking at each other, their gazes mutually heated and searching, and John wonders briefly if Sherlock might make good on his request tonight, despite his words to the contrary just minutes earlier.
“I’m sore, sweaty, and covered in DNA,” Sherlock murmurs. “Altogether, I’ve never been better.” He smiles at John, not even bothering to conceal the quiet tenderness he feels right now as he strokes a thumb across his cheekbone. “You?”
“Roll over for me?” he asks, soft and quiet, just a touch of uncertainty colouring the edges of his voice.
“Once we’ve made it home, we’ll work on straightening out the baby’s legal presence. We may have to lean on our connections a bit, but everyone involved wants this all in the rearview mirror. I’m not overly worried.”
“Please don’t worry,” John says, making the effort to gentle his tone. “I assume the alarm system in this place is beyond state of the art?”
He realises he’s been silent for the better part of a minute, and Sherlock is now regarding him with something close to alarm.
“This is what I love the most,” John breathes into his ear, fist sliding down his cock. “Controlling your body, making it do what I want.  I want to make you come now, and you can’t stop it. You have to take it, don’t you? I’m going to make you come and you can’t stop it.”
“Did you sleep all right?” John murmurs against his neck.
“Are you all right?” John asks, tentative and awkward.
Sherlock doesn’t collapse, or shake, or seize. He pulls the book off the shelf before turning to face Johnson, who stands there looking rather poleaxed at his failed gambit.
The skull says nothing in reply, but the hollow eye sockets seem to be watching him, the toothy grin smirking at the empty bluster John uses to hide his fear.
“We’ve been in a relationship for six years,” counters Sherlock.
“Yeah,” he admits, simple and truthful. “Yeah, I have.”
“No," says Sherlock.
The car comes to a stop and John looks up, glances at the clock on the dash. He is shocked to see it is just past midnight. With everything that happened since he left the flat, it feels like days should have passed. “Ta very much,” he tells the pc behind the wheel, who nods in response as John opens the door. Sherlock makes no move to get out of the car, remote and deep in thought.
Sherlock nods in approval. “I was hoping you’d be well enough for caffeine. I made coffee and found some bread for toast, when you’re ready.”
“You’re welcome.”
They don’t touch or look at each other during the ride home.
“I... ” John starts uncertainly, then stops. Takes another deep breath. “When you said you wouldn’t deduce me, before. What if... what if I wanted you to, because it’s easier that way. Would you do that for me?”
He knows. His brother always knows.
“The first time we danced in public,” John smiles at the recollection. “We tussled a bit over who would get to lead.” He crosses the room, plucks the tea cup from Sherlock’s fingers, places it on the side table. “You wisely decided to get out of my way.”
And then his parents leave, a slow-moving ship at sea, cruising down the steps, calling out their goodbyes to Mrs Hudson as they go out the front door.
“John,” Sherlock says, careful and a little wary. “We have a plan, and that plan will see her returned to you tomorrow.”
“Objections have been fully noted,” John replies dryly. "Where are we going?”
He sinks back down, pressing Sherlock’s larger frame into the mattress, kisses the juncture of his neck and shoulder. The odd blue moment passes as John closes his eyes and breathes him in, savoring the complex, indescribably intoxicating aroma of his body as fingertips caress his slim torso, feeling every ridge of muscle and bone.
“You consistently astound me,” John replies with complete sincerity, accepting the cup gratefully.
"Still eating. Thought you’d have deduced that."
At that moment Lestrade’s desk phone rings. He picks it up, listens. He gives John a quizzical look then answers, “All right. Escort him to my office.”
the mother of my child. I will do whatever I have to do to get my daughter back from that woman. I promise you that.
that,” John replies. He needs to make Sherlock understand this. It’s
“Jesus, Sherlock, you’re gonna get pneumonia.” John ducks into the nearest room, rummaging around, coming back out and trying another door. He finds what he’s looking for, and winds the clean white sheet around Sherlock’s damp chilled body.
“John,” he breathes. “Oh God, John, I’m so close, please, I’m so close.”
Pinned as he is under the weight of Sherlock’s gaze, his desire for him a palpable, tangible thing, John can’t help but be a bit of a harlot, savouring the deliciously wanton, exposed feeling. He gives his prick a slow, leisurely tug, savoring the moment of delicious stretch and friction against his cock, then moves his hand lower, cupping and massaging his aching balls as he spreads his legs lasciviously wide for Sherlock, lewdly exposing his slick arsehole and feeling the cool air against the wetness there.
It’s an extraordinarily pleasant sensation. Sherlock loves this part, loves John’s caretaking and tender concern; even if he didn’t enjoy everything else about their game, this part would make it more than worthwhile.
He picks it up again, types out another message before he can stop himself.
He puts aside the medical journal he'd been halfheartedly trying to read, looks over at Sherlock, stretched out on the couch, fully dressed except for shoes, fingers steepled under his lips. His eyes are closed, and John wonders where he is in his mind palace, what bits of furniture he’s rearranging to keep John barricaded out. Or to keep unwelcome things from escaping. He honestly doesn’t know.
Honestly? In this intense, vulnerable moment he doesn’t know which is true.
“I saw you last night,” Adam tells him. “You know that? You thought you were so fucking sneaky, spying on us, but I saw you. And when Johnson called me this morning, I knew what was up.”
. Of everything.”
John blinks, pulls a mock-offended face. “I’m sorry, did you just call me middle-aged?”
John thinks with a mental sigh as he watches Sherlock do his best impersonation of a crashing hard drive.
“I’m going to assume one of you is Lily’s father,” she says.
New Scotland Yard is a towering column of steel and concrete, pushing oppressively against the damp sooty night of London. Lestrade brings the spinner up to the apex of the skyscraper; swooping gracefully around the summit of the building before dropping toward the rooftop helipad.
“Good night, Sherlock,” he murmurs, just barely above a hoarse whisper. “Get some sleep, okay?”
"You have a vast and varied medical background,” Mycroft replies, his cultured voice gaining the slightest edge. “You must be somewhat familiar with the the nature of organized crime in the Eastern European community and therefore not unaware of what horrors prisoners--hostages--are frequently subject to. Cuts and gouges and beatings, as unpleasant as they are, are nothing,
Basic ablutions handled, John slips back into the bedroom and climbs back into bed beside Sherlock. “Hey,” he murmurs, and leans over to kiss him, slow and thorough. He pulls back with a smile.
John’s hand roams across Sherlock’s body, playing with his nipples, skating across his belly, dipping down to cup his bollocks and brush against the underside of his cock in a maddening almost-caress.
He knows he is bisexual. He knows he is attracted to both women and men. But now that he has faced that knowledge and survived, even thrived, he can finally admit to himself how much he enjoys this act, even craves it. He loves being on his knees, loves the submissiveness yet total control of it, the power that comes with overwhelming someone with pure spine-twisting pleasure. He loves being the instrument of someone else’s desperate need, he loves the shocking intimacy of staring into someones eyes as his lips are wrapped around their cock. He loves, absolutely loves the filthy thrill of having his hair pulled and his mouth roughly fucked as he gags and drools, the brutally arousing debasement of having his mouth filled with hot bitter come.
“But you’re more brilliant.” John murmurs approvingly. “Clever man. Well done.”
Her accent is English, almost not quite posh; the tone falls somewhere in between commanding and cajoling, bordering on what John privately thinks of
John rises, takes his hand. “It would be my pleasure.”
“God.” Sherlock shudders. “Not
John’s throat is tight, his chest bursting with the intensity of his adoration as he kisses Sherlock’s hair.
“I don’t want harm to come to Katie, either,” he says. “But they both have to lie in the bed they made, and I wasn’t about to risk your daughter’s life, or yours, to spare theirs.” He considers for a brief moment, then nods. “I don’t regret our decision. Nor should you.”
John straightens his shoulders, gives a curt nod to the tired man in the mirror, and returns to bed, sliding between the still-warm covers.
“You’re being so good,” John murmured, “So good for me, so lovely--” and added a second finger, stretching him, readying him. Sherlock moved against his fingers, making desperate, needy noises. John stilled his fingers pressed his hand down hard on the back of his neck.
“Oh God,” he rasps, sagging against Sherlock’s warm chest, boneless in the wake of his shattering orgasm, pressing kisses to his collarbone in between ragged breaths as Sherlock strokes him through the receding aftershocks.
"Good night. Well, Good morning, I suppose." After a brief moment of indecision, Sherlock's warm hand pulls the coverlet over his bare shoulder, strokes his arm once briefly, through the thick fabric. “Sleep well, John."
Big Pete’s office is easy to find, behind the last door at the end of the dark hallway.
Music drifts up the steps, just at the threshold of hearing--some modern, dreadful easy listening pop, one of the Idol blokes or somesuch.
"Almost noon," Sherlock replies. "I got up a little more than an hour ago.”
“A spreadsheet,” he murmurs, contemplative.
“I have,” John says. “Not many times, but yeah. I have.”
“Mmm. Wings,” John murmurs, snuggling down next to Sherlock, tucking his head under his chin, resting his ear against his chest, relishing the steady tick-tock beat of his living heart. “I could eat some wings right now. A lot of wings. And beer. Unfortunately--” he picks up his head, eyes the digital clock next to the bed “--it’s just now past nine in the morning.”
Sherlock pulls into traffic at a discreet distance from their target, six or seven cars behind the Tesla.
John laughs, a little shakily. “God, yes.” He looks up at Sherlock, assessing. “Do you?”
“Your turn,” John murmurs, sliding back into bed.
“We’ll just take it slow, see how it goes,” John says. “And if it’s not working for you just tell me and we’ll stop.”
“No, I don’t,” Jennifer says, and even John can tell by the way she shifts her eyes away that she’s not being truthful.
If Sherlock doesn’t have those hands and mouth on his body as close to right now as possible, he feels like might very well die tonight after all.
John exhales. It sounds like relief.
“I know, Molly,” he says, his voice softer. “He was...we were…” he gives up on the nuances of the English language, sighs. “He was grieving. It was bad. Things are better now. “
“I promise you,” John says, “there is no place else on this Earth I’d rather be than right here.”
Sherlock drops his head against John’s shoulder and laughs quietly, a low, rich chuckle. John groans.
when Sherlock finally speaks.
“I’m gonna make you feel so good,” John murmurs, sliding back down his body, kissing the sharp curve of his hip. “I promise I will.”
John huffs a soft breath of laughter. “Is that what the kids are calling it these days?”
“We’re that sure of ourselves, are we?” John says, the fond grin pulling at the corner of his mouth softening the archness of his words as his fingertips rub circles at the small of Sherlock’s back.
Sherlock solved two barely-fives from his inbox without ever even bothering to put on shoes.
He usually feels good, after they finish. Sometimes he has a bit of a moment, a brief blue thing that comes and goes, but usually he feels relaxed and happy and open, laughing and cuddling and kissing John. But now… he doesn’t feel good right now. Not at all. He thinks about the past two days, about all the things he let John do to him, begged John to do to him, and he feels embarrassed and ashamed and terrible.
“I hate to wake you, I really do. I got us a room, you need to get up now just for a few minutes. Come on, ground floor. It’s not far.”
A polite, nervous titter ripples through the room. He smiles, reassuring, the perfect picture of a kindly older man, intellectual yet personable in his tweed jacket and bowtie. The teacher every student hopes to have.
“No,” John said firmly. “You’re mine, Sherlock, and I want every sound you make. I don’t care who hears, it just means they know who you belong to.” His fingers found the other nipple and pulled, twisting. Sherlock arched and cried out loudly, a sound of surprise and pain, and John smiled.
“Something like that,” John mutters, turning back to the bureau, squatting on his heels to investigate the lowest drawer. “These are new behaviours, for certain. I don’t know if it’s some kind of spontaneous emotional development or--” He’s rifling through folded trousers when he hears the rustle of fabric and the flurry of footsteps behind him; by the time he stands and turns, Sherlock is gone, the photographs scattered carelessly onto the bed where he dropped them.
“Well then,” he says, positioning himself behind the lectern. “Let’s get started, shall we?”
Sherlock tosses the garment bag onto the bed. “I did,” he replies, and his slightly improved colour informs John that he’s telling the truth. “A turkey sandwich on wholemeal bread, with tired lettuce and a slice of underripe tomato. It was dry. But I ate it dutifully, per your request.”
“I don’t believe you,” John states flatly.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but the corner of his mouth twitches. “I’m a sodding idiot.”
John made quick work of the knots, climbed off the bed, and stepped back to view the results of his handiwork.
Mycroft Holmes is still for a moment, eyes still trained on the doorway, lost momentarily in a private thought before turning to John.
The pressure of the crop pressed against his chest falls away falls away as John straightens and stands.
“Watson.”
Sherlock’s fingers reach up, swipe away the droplet, examine it with curiosity. He looks back at John, shakes his head minutely. “It’s nothing. Literally a scratch. All right?”
They leave. Sherlock covers them as they move towards the car, shielding them with his body.
--” His words trail off into incoherence as his fingers grab Sherlock’s bony hips hard enough to bruise, thrusting into him three, four more times before he’s coming hard with a low, strangled moan, spilling hot and deep inside him, gasping for air as Sherlock rides him through the shivering aftershocks.
I had a very, very difficult time writing this chapter. You may have a harder time reading it.
John pushes himself up to his knees, tugs off his tee shirt, leans over the end of the bed and pulls the comforter up over both of them. He reaches out and turns off the light then slides back down under the duvet. Sherlock’s long, warm arm curls around him, pulls him close.
Sherlock sighs, but it’s a sound of resignation, not derision. “He was hollow inside, utterly soulless. He could become anyone in the space of a heartbeat, create new people out of thin air. He wasn’t born Jim Moriarty, or Richard Brook for that matter, and whatever name he was given at birth is utterly meaningless. He was an Irish street kid who clawed his way to the top of the criminal ladder with pure viciousness and no remorse. That man, the man we knew as Jim Moriarty? Yes, he died on the roof of Barts that day.”
Potassium. Mannitol. Adenosine. Allopurinal.
“A nap first, then,” Sherlock declares. “After that, huge plates of horrible fried crap food. Then we’ll figure out our next move.”
He fishes their jumbled first aid kit out from the cabinet under the sink--once a testament to methodical, military-enforced preparedness, frequent use has reduced it to little more than a shoebox full of random plasters, alcohol wipes, and tubes of ointment--and returns to the sitting room where Sherlock is sunk deep into his favorite armchair, long legs sprawled wide, fingers steepled under lips, his icy pale eyes gazing at nothing in particular in the middle distance. John can tell, from long experience, that Sherlock’s deep in contemplation, mulling over something or another in his labyrinthine, mysterious mind palace.
It’s late, but the Chinatown markets are still buzzing with activity, clumps of people arguing or haggling or laughing, cooking fires and neon signs illuminating the night.
His thoughts go on for a beat too long, and John belatedly realises both Sherlock and Evelyn are looking at him expectantly.
He’s unexpectedly near tears, and he can’t quite articulate why, even to himself. He feels unmoored, anxious and lost.
“But then something changed your mind.”
“He wouldn’t have had to delete it,” Sherlock says, half-mumbling, barely audible to John’s ears. “He never had to delete
Sherlock thrusts, just a little, in response to John’s moans and muttered words of encouragement. His breath is ragged, coming in little panting gasps, but he is still tightly in control of his body, hips flexing in small tight circles as he pistons carefully, precisely into John. He’s learning in unbelievable leaps and bounds, his brain and body both in overdrive, shifting and adjusting in response to John’s every movement, every sound, measuring his response to every stimuli, analysing the data given and refining his responses.
I am.”
“And I will be fun again,” John promises. “In just a little bit. Drink the water.”
“The owner’s wife is sleeping with the bar manager, of course,” Sherlock pipes up, his tone suggesting he’s been conducting a one-sided conversation with John’s unconscious form for quite a while.
Then John sees the caller ID on his screen, and his vision goes dark at the edges as a panicked fear claws at his heart.
The kid’s expression grows less defensive, more curious. His eyebrows tick upwards in renewed interest. “What, you a fed or somethin’?” Suddenly, recognition washes over the kid’s face. “I know you,” he murmurs,
“We stand our ground,” Sherlock says. His voice is steady and focused. “John, we’re out of time and out of options. We stand our ground and we get what we came here for.”
He is working his way methodically through the corals when his text alert beeps.
Realization dawns. “You thought he might pass the test,” John says.
The technician narrows his eyes and looks back at Sherlock, clearly uncertain if he is being insulted or not. Sherlock’s cold silver eyes give nothing away, however and the man wisely decides to holds his tongue.
“That error in thinking is the single biggest regret of my life. I would give anything to be able to go back and change it. I would. But I can’t. The only thing I can do is... I can try to change right now. Because you’re making the same mistake. You’re thinking that you have to go through this alone. But you don’t.”
“Sure. Not sure I can answer it, but go ahead.”
Sophie sighs, conceding defeat.  “You guys really are the worst patients, you know that?”
John smiles, then, so sadly, and Sherlock realizes with a bit of a thump that he said the words aloud.
The faint line between Sherlock’s brows makes an appearance, as Sherlock’s expression goes from terror to something more frankly confused.
“I suspect you’re in the habit of lying in every circumstance,” Sherlock replies, then studies his face a moment before nodding once. “But it appears this is one of the rare occasions you’re telling the truth.”
He is still, of course, unspeakably beautiful to John’s eyes. His lips are kiss-bitten and puffy red, his hair a riot. He looks more than alluring; he looks like an engraved invitation to pure, wanton sin.
The room is quiet for several minutes. John is still awake, still thinking as he plays with Sherlock’s hair. It’s soothing, it’s hypnotic, and Sherlock very much wants to go to sleep in John’s lap like a pampered cat but there’s something he needs to ask first, something he very much needs to know.
“Wait here,” Sherlock says and exits the car without another word, leaving the keys in the ignition and the engine running.
“Suppose you’ve been too busy to make tea,” John says teasingly.
He wonders if other people feel the way he does, the way
“Katie -- ” John breathes, unable to look away.
John tightens the leash just a little. The tension of the collar presses against Sherlock’s trachea, almost but not quite restricting his airflow, a wordless reminder of the power John holds over him.
“Get dumplings,” John calls after him, before going into the bathroom and turning on the shower taps.
“Have you?” Sherlock counters.
“And you are the sole focus of my studies,” Sherlock murmurs, then mouths the crease of his elbow. “Aren't you the lucky man."
Sherlock rises, slowly, never taking his eyes off John. Approaches him slowly, deliberately, circles him, analysing him, taking in every inch of him from head to toe.
John has shared orgasms with men before, once or twice or eleven times, but he has never found himself needing to see the very moment the way he does now, transfixed by the indescribable beauty of Sherlock’s face in orgasm, his mouth a round O of transcendent pleasure as his body shudders, thick pearly semen spurting over his fist and dripping onto his heaving belly. The act of giving pleasure like this to someone he loves so intensely is deeply, profoundly affecting, arousing to him in a manner far beyond the mere physical; it’s something spiritual, something transformative on a kind of level John doesn’t even begin to understand.
“Sherlock,” he says slowly, his eyes narrowing. “While we were investigating the pharmacy. Did you...did you actually
. He always bought me anything I ever wanted. I thought that was love, you know? He has problems. I have problems. But I loved him, or I thought I did, and I stood by him, even when I shouldn’t have.
Sherlock throws his head back, stiffens and gives a low strangled cry as John breaches his body for the first time.
Sherlock raises himself back up to sitting. John does the same, with a pained grunt. Sherlock gives him a sidelong glance.
John doesn't have the strength to contradict him. Instead he stares straight ahead and watches the moon, grown bloated and yellow as it sinks towards the horizon.
Sometime before midmorning, John awakes to the gentle creak and dip of the mattress as Sherlock slips away from him and out of bed. In response he grunts and starfishes out into the warm spot left behind, drowsily registering the flush of the toilet and the sound of running water, then the soft click of the ensuite door as Sherlock pads back into the bedroom.
The fate of everything--their relationship, their lives, the very fate of the universe--seems to hang in the balance, waiting to see which way to fall.
Sherlock shook his head.
He listens to the sounds of the street, the car horns' frustrated honking in the snow-snarled traffic of the Marylebone Road, the idling vehicle waiting for them on the street below.
Anthea/Evelyn reaches into her tastefully stylish taupe leather tote, removes a sealed manila envelope, and hands it to Figueroa without a word. He unbends the clasp, removes a single sheet of paper. His eyes narrow at first, then widen in near-comic disbelief as he scans the sheet.
Sherlock shrugs, miming nonchalance. “Having a domestic. You know how it goes.”
“Bit of a domestic, then,” Wiggins observes. “I’ll be waiting for you downstairs, Mr. Holmes.” He disappears, but after a moment his ratty dishwater head reappears in the doorway. “Begging your pardons, but I deduce congratulations are in order.”
“And then there comes a moment when you realise, my God, this is really going to happen.
Sherlock ends the call. He and John look at each other for a long moment, before John exhales a breath he hadn’t realised he was holding.
“We can indulge our inner fifteen-year-old girls later," John says. "In fact, we absolutely should. But right now, I have to fix this mess I’ve created, and I can’t do it without you.” To his own surprise, he swipes a gentle thumb across Sherlock’s cheek. “I need your help, okay?”
“Pity, that.”
The hardest part of this new understanding, though, is this: Sherlock's fear of losing John is his weight to carry, and no matter how much John loves him he cannot bear it for him, in the exact same way Sherlock cannot take on the weight of John’s remorse and grief over killing the mother of his child.
“So good,” John groans. “God, you’re so good. I could come right now, right down your throat,” he sighs, “but I want--” he gives one last thrust before he stills his hips and pulls out of Sherlock’s mouth, reaching down to wipe the drool sliding off his chin with the edge of one hand before dropping to his knees and slotting their mouths together, kissing him ferociously, licking the taste of himself off Sherlock’s lips as he cups his hands around his rear, kneading the soft rounded flesh of his arse.
never been so ignorant as to conflate submissiveness with femininity, and if he’d ever be so stupid as to make that mistake Sherlock would verbally eviscerate him without breaking a sweat. No, Sherlock was the one who had first obliquely suggested this, a few months back, when a meandering late-night conversation turned to the subject of his late and much-discussed uncle Rudy.
He wonders, irrationally, if it hurts when a new star is born.
John shakes his head. “I don’t know what I thought I would find.”
As he eats, his eyes come to rest on the row of birthday cards arranged across the fireplace mantel. The last one, received just this morning, had come from America.
“I was out, Sherlock.” John scrubs a hand through tousled hair, swallows hard against the sudden spike of pain, hot and sharp in his chest. “I was done. I was… I’m so tired of the killing. I don’t want to be a part of this anymore.”
, he thinks desperately, unable to come up with a better plan.
John’s eyebrow quirks in amused disbelief; not once in five years has Sherlock done the washing up without threat of bodily harm.
The shelves of the case rotate slowly. John finds it oddly, soothingly hypnotic.
Sherlock smiles, warm and soft and tinged with naked desire.
“Nope. Nothing is ever this easy,” John observes sardonically.
“Ah,” Sherlock replies, inscrutable.
--he would someday come back here again.)
And if he shaves and brushes his teeth in the staff restroom at the clinic before he leaves… well, it’s just to help him feel more awake. Refreshed. Presentable.
At the flat with Lestrade, going over the finer details of the case (the larger picture being, of course, that while the DI is smarter than the rest of Scotland Yard, he is still hopelessly mentally deficient), Sherlock is outwardly calm but he finds himself anxiously waiting for John to arrive. He doesn’t like the fact that John’s key is still in his coat pocket. John belongs here. He shouldn’t have to ring the doorbell like a guest. Like a stranger.
(He can also hear his blood as it pulses through his veins, and the rasp of fabric as he resettles himself back on to the sofa, and something that sounds a lot like The Who’s
“Hi,” he says, simply.
“I’m fine,” he mutters aloud, willing it to be so. He shakes his head at his own foolishness. “Good Lord, Watson.”
John shakes his head, refusing Sherlock’s merciless judgment of himself. “Sherlock, I--”
cake.”
Working hard to keep the unwelcome thoughts from earlier at bay, John fixes his attention on the huge stone fireplace making up the entirety of the wall shared with the living room. He sees now that it’s not a veneer or a formed-concrete simulacrum but the real thing, large blocks of grey quarried stone interspersed with chunks of white and tan crystalline quartz, the shapes expertly assembled together with no mortar visible between. The structure is almost too imposing for the smallish room, and the fireplace in the middle is a pass-through affair, visible from both the living room and bedroom. He imagines the artisan that spent days, weeks on its construction, carefully dry fitting and then assembling the column, piece by piece. He wonders why someone would choose to build such an elaborate architectural creation into a tiny brick box of a house.
The pair enter a square, rather squat two-story red brick building, the slightly worn linoleum under their feet shiny with start-of-term, just-polished smoothness. The assistant takes him to the third door on the right side of the hallway.
“I know, ” Sherlock murmurs. “I want this. I want you.”
“No.”
“Once a year then,” John says. “For our anniversary.”
,” he growls, knowing even as he says it that none of this is Mycroft’s fault, not really; in fact, in his condescending, presumptuous way, he is desperately concerned and trying to help in the best way he knows how.
John is re-watching the video of Donovan’s ill-fated encounter when Sherlock joins him, slipping graciously into the passenger seat of the spinner despite the bulk of his voluminous dark-grey tweed coat.
“That was all right?” Sherlock murmurs, sounding uncertain.
In his haze of turmoil and alcohol, John had completely forgotten the little bag containing key evidence was in Sherlock’s pocket.
An epiphany strikes Sherlock and he stops pacing, a flash of emotional insight hitting him with the force of a blow. He turns to John, eyes wide with realization. “It’s not just about being better than
The first room is stacked floor to ceiling with boxed medical supplies, scalpels and hemostats, bags of normal saline, and the like. He closes the door and proceeds to the next.
Even as he says it, John knows he’s directing irritation towards Sherlock he doesn’t deserve, partially because Sherlock isn’t particularly happy with him right this moment and it makes John feel guilty, and partially because Sherlock is being absolutely prudent and caring and John knows he’s the one being demanding and borderline unreasonable. Feeling vaguely unsettled and unmoored, John decides to do his part by taking on the one job he’s been assigned, the only one he’s really in any shape to attempt.
“That’s good, huh?” John rasps. He slides out most of the way before pushing in deeper, twisting his fingers ever so slightly to brush past Sherlock’s prostate.
John reaches out, brushes aside a stray dark curl drooping over one eye.
“This is where you get to choose,” John says. “If you want to safeword, we can deal with all of this tomorrow in a different way and that’s absolutely okay. It’s entirely up to you. Do you understand?”
“First of all,” John begins, then pivots on his left foot, kicks Blue Shirt squarely in the back of the knee with the side of his right. He disarms the larger man easily as he goes down, then elbows him hard in the nose just for fun. Blue Shirt collapses to the ground, inelegant as a sack of hammers.
John stews in quiet indignation but does as Sherlock says, because what other choice does he have, really?
It all comes to nothing in the end, as they both knew it would. Mrs Hudson dies gasping for air, thrashing and crying, blood streaming from her eyes and nose as John sits by her bed, calm and strong, holding her hand until she takes her last bubbling, gasping breath.
“Come, John,” he says, rising. “Let’s go home.”
Sherlock pauses, drinks, reflects.
Today’s package is handed over by an alarmingly leathery-looking woman at the front desk of a tanning salon. In addition to the usual, it contains a dark metallic grey flash drive.
The two of them are quiet for a moment, gathering their respective thoughts.
, John thinks, with some measure of what feels almost like relief. Whatever the final destination may be of this twisted, convoluted path they’ve traveled--after so much waiting, it’s finally happening, come whatever may.
” and John does, thrusts into him hard, and it’s unbelievable, it’s transcendent, and it’s going to be over far too soon, plowing over and over into Sherlock’s arse so tight hot perfect around his cock. John watches Sherlock’s face, transfixed, watches him sigh and sob and beg, all pretense of control abandoned, waves of pleasure playing across his sharp, otherworldly features.
“Are you all right?” Sherlock asks, his rough voice barely above a whisper.
Louellen gazes levelly at Sherlock. “Yes. She was.”
“Greek restaurant cook. Literally two weeks ago. Wait.
And if John can find that in himself for Sherlock, then maybe, just maybe, his daughter will be able to someday find that in herself for him.
“I could keep you plugged up every day,” John murmurs. “Keep you stretched open for me all the time. I could bend you over the kitchen table in the morning, pull it out and fuck your loose hole, fill you up then push the plug back in until the next time. My filthy little fucktoy, stuffed full of my come, slick and wet inside all the time for me. Would you like that?”
For his part John remains resolutely stone-faced, deliberately sagging his shoulders into his best impression of a glowering, disaffected slouch, trying to keep himself from instinctively straightening his spine into parade rest; inwardly, he searches his soul for some shred of calm, some elusive Zen acceptance of whatever fate may have in store tonight for the two of them.
After giving brief statements to Lestrade and refusing transport to hospital for the tenth time, Sherlock half-helped, half carried John out of the grimy Brixton tenement and manhandled him into a cab. At Baker Street the pair navigated the steps slowly (“It doesn’t matter that no one else is about, Sherlock, you are NOT carrying me up the stairs like a bloody blushing bride!”) and in the bathroom Sherlock helped  cut off John’s ruined jeans and get him into a hot shower.
John shakes his head. “That’s no excuse for me being a dick though, is it?”
In short, he’s going more than a little stir-crazy.
John’s face darkens, grows stern. “Settle, you,” he rumbles warningly. He takes a sip of his tea. “Eyes on the floor.” He sets the tea down and picks up his paper.
In one fluid motion, Sherlock pulls off his jacket and the unbuttoned chambray shirt he’s wearing over his grey tee, wadding up the rough blue cotton and pressing it hard into the side of John’s abdomen.. The pain roars up, phosphorescent and razor-sharp, making John arch and cry out sharply.
“Dining Services,” she mumbles, not making eye contact with either of them as she sets the tray on the wheeled lap table and then slips out of the room without saying another word.
John’s good left arm comes up, grabs a handful of damp wool coat. “No. I don’t want --I shouldn’t have--” he stops, unsure of what he’s even trying to say. “There are so many things I should have done differently. I’m an idiot. I’m such an idiot.”
John is silent for a moment.
“No!” says John, too quickly. “No. I didn’t hit the radial artery, I’m not going to bleed out. You can’t... ” He pauses, not quite able to state the situation plainly. “Sherlock,” he pleads. “You
Sherlock’s bedroom it is, then. Sherlock turns on the bedside lamp and sets the water and aspirin on the table. He returns to the sitting room to see John already dozing in his chair.
“You’re doing so well,” he says with tender approval. “I’m so proud of you.” He kisses the dip of his lower back, licks away the drop of sweat pooled there. “You look so fucking beautiful right now, with your gorgeous arse all marked and red.” He pinches the swell of his left cheek, hard, making Sherlock gasp. “Does it hurt?”
The tension of oncoming climax builds in his pelvis, and John’s hips flex upward involuntarily as he unconsciously seeks to thrust deeper into that lush, wet suction. Although Sherlock’s enthusiasm seems nearly boundless, his practical experience is clearly more limited; as the head of John’s cock hits the back of his throat, Sherlock coughs and sputters involuntarily.
He looks around the room, muzzy with sleep, trying to locate the source of the racket. The room is cleaned, their bags packed in preparation for leaving.
“Shut up,” John says, but the tone is concerned and fond, not irritated. “You saw nothing. Anyway, the cavalry's coming, soon as they figure out that door or bust through it, but it’s going to be a few minutes. Come here, please.” He pulls Sherlock down to the floor and sits next to him, wrapping his arms around his shivering, bony frame.
Later, John would barely remember the trip back to Baker Street.
Unforgivably distracted by trivial thoughts (The distinctive scar patterns of East Asian leg-lengthening surgery on the unidentified body Molly showed him earlier), he never sees them approach; he feels the sharp sting in his neck, a moment of panicked confusion, and he’s limp and oblivious in the back of a van before he even knows what’s happening.
“Yes, you did. A momentous occasion, destined to be remembered for generations in song and epic poetry. Frankly, I’m interested to see how you top that accomplishment.” John stands, stretches, holds out a hand to where Sherlock is stretched on the sofa. “Come on, then,” John murmurs fondly, and Sherlock allows himself to be pulled to his feet. “I rather fancy a nice walk in the snow with my boyfriend.”
Sherlock falls silent. John doesn’t speak.
The second hits her in her right shoulder, causing her to jerkily stagger backwards one step, then another.
kind, rather than the boring kind.
“Delusional parasitosis,” Sherlock answers, which is partially truthful--one track of his brain is contemplating the fascinating case an old school mate of Lestrade’s sent down from Liverpool. A gruesome murder-suicide of a couple universally described as happy and loving, which turned out to be a fascinatingly tragic saga of a housewife so convinced she was infested with parasites she ended up inadvertently killing her husband and herself with a meat pie spiked with a lethal dose of veterinary insecticide.
“Please,” John says, begging for something without even knowing what he’s saying. “Please, God, I’m so--I’m so--”
As the SUV navigates the hilly, twisty country roads, the last streaks of sunset fade from the sky. There are no streetlights out here, only the dark shapes of tall trees crowding in on both sides of the two-lane strip of asphalt.
John looks at the phone in his hand, confusion and relief and annoyance all washing over him in a single disorienting wave.
John almost says no. Almost texts back an excuse and an apology. But his body aches for adventure, for adrenaline, for mystery as much as his heart aches (yes, he can admit it now, at least to himself) for Sherlock.
John just stares, poleaxed, as Sherlock steps closer, crowding into his personal space, gazing down at him with a palpable intensity. “You’ve seen a great deal of violence. So many deaths.”
“No, John,” Sherlock murmurs, the words smearing into a throaty moan as John’s fingers return to his balls, pressing them up against his body then tugging them away ever-so-gently.
Sherlock is true to his word; it’s thirty-one minutes after his departure when headlights flash in the bedroom window, little showers of light sparkling in the quartz stones as the SUV pulls into the driveway. He enters the house quietly, clearly not wanting to wake John if he’s sleeping.
“Not my intent,” Sherlock informs him. “I don’t give a damn about any of that, truly I don’t. I could care less about the many pies your grubby fingers are currently violating. I just need information on Maria, and I have the leverage to get it one way or the other. Your choice in how, Mr Caldwell.”
John climbs out of the demolished linens; Sherlock magically conjures up a pack of cigarettes, pulling one out and putting it in his mouth as John is rummaging in his bag for his toothbrush.
“No,” Sherlock says, voice brittle and cold with hurt. “You don’t get to do this. I’ve paid for what I did. You knew why I did it, and you knew how sorry I was, and still you made me pay and pay and pay. You’ve hurt me and you’ve made me bleed and you’ve gotten your pound of flesh from me and then some, so you know what?” He exhales hard, feels the hot prickle of unshed tears, oh Christ. “No. You don’t get to use that against me any more. Not ever again.”
“They have indeed,” Atherton says. “The homeless are but a nuisance to them, living or dead.” He gazes levelly at Sherlock, eyes aged but blazing with anger and sorrow, mouth set in a grim, determined line. “You’ve long been considered a friend to the people I serve, Mr Holmes. Will you take the case?”
“It reminds me that I’m -- that I’m on my knees.” He takes a breath; saying this part out loud, even after all of this, is the most difficult. “That I’m submitting. To you.”
“She never had a mother,” he says, quiet but serious. “The woman you once called your wife never intended to be anyone’s mother. I don’t pretend to fully understand the motivations that underlaid her decision to have a child --”
“Listen to me. Don’t come here,” Sherlock is speaking quickly now, one word tumbling over another. “It’s a trap, John, don’t -- ”
it sparks something low in Sherlock’s belly, a tight hot feeling of something base and obscene and
, dammit, and the delicious aroma of hot fried food is wafting in from the adjoining room--but the lean hard press of Sherlock’s clothed body against his bare skin is too completely intoxicating to resist, and he can’t seem to stop himself from pulling Sherlock down on top of him, their limbs tangling together, hands roaming freely as kisses grow wet and messy and demanding.
He’s sticky from the adventures of last night, and distinctly gamy in scent as well. He very much wishes he has time to shower, but he has to make do with a quick swipe of his more offensive bits with a soapy flannel, a brush of damp fingers through his overlong hair, and a woefully brief encounter with his toothbrush. He moves as quickly as he can while ignoring his various physical discomforts, which have fortunately subsided to not much more than a low-key generalized grumbling this morning.
Sherlock gasps and whimpers as the flared base nudges past past his tight, burning rim and seats fully inside him. His breathing goes ragged at the feeling of hot, insistent fullness, at the confusing not-quite-pain, not-yet-pleasure signals his body is sending.
“Congratulations,” he says carefully, his face a cipher.
“I want to keep going,” John says. “I really, truly do. I want to undress you and kiss you all over, love, but I need to hear you say yes. Please? It’s important to me.”
John drops almost instantly into slumber, Sherlock stroking his back as his breathing slows and evens out. Sherlock kisses the top of his head and smiles to himself in the quiet room.
On this particular afternoon, he can feel Mrs Hudson looking at him, quick glances at the side of his head, clearly debating with herself over whether or not to say whatever’s on her mind.
Sherlock really doesn’t like the talking. Doing is one thing, but putting it all into words and saying them -- it isn’t logical or rational, but somehow the filthy words makes it all just slightly too real, amplifies all his feelings of vulnerability and shamed powerlessness -- and all of this means, in this confusing and contradictory calculus, that he
Four hours later, assisted by Billy Wiggins’ not-inconsiderable deductive talents and a couple of clear snaps of the dented van on CCTV, they’ve managed to establish likely parameters and locations. Not retail, not a restaurant, considerable square footage, using vans for delivery or transport--as they narrow the scope they are able to winnow probable locations down to forty-five businesses.
It’s true. It still stretches and burns in the first moment when John enters him, but Sherlock’s body yields to him readily now, with minimal preparation, accustomed to frequent and enthusiastic use. He welcomes the hot push of John inside him, revels in the feeling of opening to him so easily. He is everything John says he is, every word of it true, he is nothing more than a submissive and willing piece of flesh who revels in being taken bodily, being
John decides to believe him.
“I’m not certain.” And he’s not, not completely. But he does suspect, and he knows how much it will upset John.
“I know who both of you are,” the man replies. “The doc is no idiot, and he never, ever forgets a face.”
“We’re no damn closer than we were yesterday,” John grumbles at he pokes dispiritedly into the congealed remains of a spinach and cheese calzone.
Very late that evening they return to Baker Street, quietly hanging their coats on two neighboring hooks next to the door before they climb the stairs. They are tired but somehow deeply, primally satisfied. both of them full to the brim with Indian food and the satisfaction of a (admittedly not-very-difficult) case solved--and also, John thinks fleetingly to himself, the indescribable, incandescent relief of finally getting back a tiny shred of something like they used to be.
Sherlock doesn’t answer; instead he slides his hand carefully around the back of John’s head, cradling the base of his skull with a heartbreaking tenderness as his other hand presses the wad of blood-soaked cloth against the hole in John’s side.
He listens, eyes still shut, for any audible clues. There is a low-pitched hum of activity from somewhere nearby, the rumble of a motor, the slam of a door, but the room he currently occupies seems to be entirely silent, no rustles of fabric or soft breathing.
“Why?” Sherlock asks, his tone hovering just beyond the border of petulance.
John, we’re here and we’re alive and they’re dead and I won’t let them take this from us, not anymore, I
John pauses on the steps, momentarily lost in thought.
Katie takes a deep breath. She is just opening her mouth to speak when they all hear the noise of a car door slamming loudly on the road in front of the house.
And in this moment John can certainly relate, though he doesn’t honestly have the emotional bandwidth to form a stronger opinion.
John didn’t mind; in fact, truth be told, something in him truly loved being responsible for Sherlock, for caring for him in this incredibly intimate manner. It was a level of trust John had at one time thought Sherlock incapable of, and then more recently something John thought he had missed his chance at when he chose to marry a murderous, lying assassin rather than follow his heart.
He’s answered instantly by a swift and stinging slap to his right cheekbone; his head snaps hard to the side with the force of impact, making him see stars under the darkness of the blindfold. His head is still ringing from the blow when John grabs his face, hard along his jaw, and kisses him, rough and demanding, tongue pushing insistently into his mouth before he draws back and slaps him again.
“Delivery,” Sherlock replies. “I don’t feel like getting dressed.”
Sherlock stops in front of a rack of hooded sweatshirts and contemplates them silently for a full minute.
“If it’s too much,” John murmurs in his ear, “or it isn’t good, promise you’ll tell me.”
Neither man speaks for several minutes.
is what makes you a nosy bastard with no respect for normal social boundaries.”
“I don’t think so,” Sherlock replies. “There may be other reason we are bad people, to be honest, but no, I don’t think this is one of them.”
“He’s at a funeral home in Hounslow,” Atherton replies. “A dubious little place, has a contract for handling unclaimed bodies for the city--they sent his body there before the day was out. I phoned them this morning to let the know I planned to claim him, and they informed me they will be cremating him in 24 hours unless I make other plans.”
John tilts his head, lets out a breath. “Let’s just say, Patricia, we don’t disagree.”
are you doing?”
“Visiting her sister in Hampshire.” John huffs a soft breath of laughter. “She’s been gone four days. You really didn’t notice?”
“We just offended Mrs Hudson’s delicate sensibilities. The least we could do is pick up after ourselves.”
“Yeah.” John pockets the printout, turns and walks out without saying another word.
But today, Sherlock picks up the phone and takes the call.
“Well, he should have!” Sherlock snaps. “He never learned of it, but he should have.”
“Sherlock,” said John. “ Not a question.”
“Weather is boring,” Sherlock drawls lazily. “Unless it pertains to a case, of course.”
"Yes, sir," the assistant squeaks, but Sherlock has already moved on. “Come along, John. I’d like to get to Twickenham while the light is still good.”
“Is it her?" John asks, already knowing the answer in his bones.
“Lie down with me,” John asks, half on impulse, unwilling to give up this brief oasis of physical closeness.
John’s eyebrows tick up in surprise. “I thought for sure you’d want to take a cab to the nearest clerk’s office and get it done with a minimum of fuss.”
One stunned moment later John feels the sharp bite of burning pain along the side of his torso, a line of fire blooming and spreading on his left side, just below his ribs. His knees buckle and he staggers forward a step, then another, giving a small strangled gasp of surprise and shock.
“I’m going to start you a shower,” says John. “Because even though you desperately need to go to bed, you frankly don’t smell very good and you’ll sleep better if you’re clean.”
“Laundry was in the car,” Sherlock says, his voice muffled by the door. John spits and rinses hurriedly.
,” John says warningly as he watches him pull the Glock from the inside pocket of his jacket, shove it into the gap at the back waistband of his jeans. “Do you really think that’s necessary?”
“I didn’t want to make a big deal of it,” Sherlock says.
The four notes are identical in every way visible to the naked eye. Whatever they say, apparently, it bears repeating four times. The author of the notes is a man… (definitely a man, right handed, late thirties, dropped out of Uni before his baccalaureate) who wants to be caught. And Sherlock should have made good on the man’s wish
John’s strong warm fingers find his hair, weave gently through sweat-damp curls.
“Well, when you put it like
“It is,” he murmurs, his left hand coming up to cradle John’s jaw as he dips his head down and kisses him.
“You're a right piece of work, aren’t you?”
John briefly wonders how on earth those examples constitute
“Of course you did,” John spits. He grabs his jacket. “I’m going home.”
Mouth tight with irritation, Figueroa looks over at John. “You certainly have some friends in high places, Doctor Watson.”
Sherlock does.
“No,” says Sherlock sharply, suddenly, and John knows Sherlock is seeing his only insight into this terrifying new knowledge literally going up in smoke.  “We can protect you from him, Lee, don’t do this, we can help you--”
Even after everything else that’s transpired, John is still somehow shocked by the casual viciousness of her words. His blood flows cold in his veins -- and it’s mostly anger, to be sure, but bubbling up underneath that is a fierce, shockingly sharp thirst for the brutal simplicity of
“God, yes,” John breathes. “It’s perfect, it’s so good, it’s, yes, don’t stop.”
