“Hey Cap,” Tony called as he entered the apartment and Steve winced, the volume of Tony’s voice cutting right through his sore head and making his teeth hurt. Tony’s expression morphed into one of concern when he saw Steve. “You don’t look so good.”
No one wanted to say anything, that much was obvious, so Clint took a deep breath and decided to take one for the team. If they didn’t buy him the biggest stack of waffles after this, then he was never sharing his coffee with them again.
“If we don’t get out of bed, we’re going to be late,” he pointed out, but even he could hear how wistful he sounded.
Steve stopped suddenly; Tony stumbled and looked up at him questioningly. Steve looked visibly nervous, taking both of Tony’s hands in his.
“And Tony?” Bucky continued. “I know Tony’s gonna want to be right by your side, no matter what. Same as you’d be by his side if Howard Stark suddenly came back to life or travelled through time to cause shit for Tony. He loves you.”
Steve played the two lines a few more times, before deciding he liked it. He found a notebook underneath the sofa and leaned over to grab a pencil from the pot then began scribbling down the lyrics and the chords before he forgot them.
Tony glanced up at the notification bubble in the top corner of the screen, announcing the message from Steve, and smiled.
Steve kissed the top of her head, breathing in her scent and using it to give him courage, before walking forward into the communal kitchen and towards the voices and scents of the rest of the team.
Then he slipped out of the room, picking up Steve’s final bags on the way past, and Steve was alone.
A pair of arms wrapped around Tony’s neck from behind, trying to capture his head in a lock, but Tony was too quick, ducking his chin just in time. He threw his elbow back into his attacker’s gut then spun around and brought his fist down onto the attacker’s head to send him sprawling. Tony heard a crunch of glass and out of the corner of his eye, saw Clint kick one of the goons out of a window.
“You would think so,” Tony agreed, picking up Steve’s suitcase, “But I’ve been reliably informed that’s not the case.”
“Hey, it’s me,” Tony’s voice said as soon as Steve picked up the intercom, and Steve smiled automatically.
He watched Banner smile at the kids who ran up to him when the talk was over until they were shuffled out by their parents, leaving Steve alone with him.
“Come on, baby. Come on, honey,” Tony murmured, nuzzling Steve’s neck. He splayed his hand on Steve’s back, curling his fingers just enough to press his nails into Steve’s skin.
He parked the car and made the now familiar trek up the hill to the back of the Stark Mansion, checking for anyone watching him before tossing the pool cleaning supplies over the garden wall and vaulting over it himself. Today he remembered not to land on his injured leg, so that was a definite improvement.
Tony tuned out the rest of their conversation, focusing on the parts and equipment scattered around the room before discovering a pile of blueprints on one side of the room. He flicked through them, freezing when he spotted the signature in one corner:
“Don’t listen to the nasty man, he doesn’t know what he’s talking about,” Tony assured the cat. “You are perfect. Don’t ever change.”
Before he’d even finished speaking, Ellie started wriggling in his arms, reaching for Steve and whining loudly.
Not sexy, because she was six, and he was not having that conversation with Steve’s six year old niece. Tony was pretty sure that was the road to ensuring he never had a second date with Steve. A road he definitely didn't want to travel. If Tony was lucky, a second date would be just the beginning.
Pepper huffed. “Happy is many things but sneaky is not one of them. I saw the ring in his sock drawer a month ago. When he suggested going out tonight, I knew. I knew he was going to do it tonight.” She bit her lip. “I was going to say yes.”
When the elevator doors opened, Tony ran out, tugging off his tie as he scrambled up the stairs and burst into the lab. JARVIS, bless his binary heart, already had the trace running on Steve’s watch ready for him onscreen.
“Just a bad dream,” Tony shook his head, twisting his hands together. He forced a laugh and knocked on his forehead. “There’s a screw loose in there somewhere.”
He loved Tony. He was going to spend the rest of his life with Tony, probably marrying him, maybe even having kids together. This was it. Tony was it. He’d never be with anyone else again, because if they weren’t Tony, Steve didn’t want to be with him.
But then he heard it: a floorboard creaking quietly down the hall. Then the click of a semi-automatic. His eyes widened and he exchanged a look with Clint. Carefully, Tony closed the door and tiptoed back into the room.
Steve whined, the noise slipping out of him before he could stop himself, and clung to Tony just incase he was thinking about going anywhere. But Tony shifted impossibly closer, nudging Steve’s cheek with his nose until Steve raised his head.
“My mom sold the books to bail my dad out of jail,” Steve blurted out. “He got drunk and started a fight, and she didn’t have any money. He’d already spent it all. He always spent it all. So she sold those books, even though they were the only things she had left from her parents, because even though he was the biggest bastard in the universe, she still loved him and she always believed he would change even though he never did. She sold those books for him, and in return, he hurt her. Again. And then he left. Again. And I was left picking up the pieces,” he finished, tears rolling down his cheeks.
“I saw him on a promotional video from Dream Master Inc. when the school I work at was announced as one of the winners of their inaugural awards. In… March. March… March 21st,” he worked out.
Ivan stared back, nonplussed, but Tony thought he saw a flicker of disappointment. Then Ivan nodded to his goons and the three of them left.
“If by interesting, you mean awesome. For me,” Steve agreed. “Full disclosure, if it happens, I’m definitely recording it.”
When the pizza was gone, Steve scrubbed his hands over his face, yawning widely. He blinked muzzily, feeling exhaustion creeping in now that he’d stopped and actually eaten something almost resembling a meal. His muscles protested loudly when he stood up, but Steve knew if he didn’t move now he never would.
“Tell me how you met Peggy,” he decided. “I know you met Daniel when you got arrested, and Angie through Peggy, but I don’t know how you met Peggy. I just. I need to not think right now.”
Steve smiled. He climbed into the bed, sinking as always into the mattress which somehow managed to be both totally soft and yet still the exact amount of support. It must be a rich people thing, he decided.
made for the heat. But he had to wear them anyway because if he ended up in the ER again, Bucky would never let him hear the end of it. Neither would Tony.
“It was not nothing,” he insisted. “And you know it. Honestly, I don’t know how you put up with my miserable, mopey ass. You probably deserve, like, a medal or something for sticking with me.”
Twisting awkwardly, he managed to find the washcloth and carefully wiped Steve down until he was satisfied. Taking care of Steve like this was almost as good as the sex itself, and it left Tony feeling inordinately pleased, especially when Steve watched him with love written in his eyes. It was replaced with laughter when Tony ducked down and planted a kiss against his asscheek.
“Good news, Tony should be fine,” Bruce replied. “I mean, a lot of this is guesswork and my brain is kinda exploding but, uh, yeah.”
“You’re a natural,” Tony murmured. He looked up, and found Steve staring at him. Were Steve’s eyes always so blue? Had he simply failed to notice before? “Steve-”
“Yes, I cleared the schedules of all the Avengers, booked the room, arranged catering, got the permits and sent the invitations to the printers last night.”
They were too wound up to take things slowly. Steve peeled off his blazer, balling it up and tossing it into the corner while Tony shucked his jumpsuit. His slacks stuck around his thighs, but then Tony was there, dexterous fingers untangling the material and pulling them free. Steve pulled Tony back into bed and they tumbled onto the mattress in a tangle of limbs. Then Tony had the lube because he was a genius, drizzling it over his hand and wrapping it around them both.
“If he actually had decent lawyers, I might’ve been on board,” Marci mused. “But these two are a pair of cowboys. And not in the good way like Foggy and Matt. In the bad way.”
“It’s fine,” Steve assured him. He took Ellie from him and settled her against his shoulder so she could scent him. “Hi, sweetheart.”
“Doesn’t matter,” Stane replied. “I made sure he never saw any of it. And I’ll make sure you never tell anyone what you know.”
“Oh, Steve. Oh, honey,” he sighed. “I’m so sorry. I am, I am so sorry. You never should’ve had to deal with that.”
“Hi, Foggy Nelson, from Nelson and Murdock?” a voice called, distorted by the speaker on the buzzer. “I have an appointment to see Steve Rogers and… Tony Stark?”
With no one else around, Tony had to take care of himself. It was one of the most miserable weeks of his life, and yes, that included the three months in a cave surrounded by terrorists.
He woke up four hours later, sweaty and sticky and regretting not cleaning himself up before falling asleep. But the endorphins had kicked his heat symptoms into submission enough that he managed to get up and shower, dressing himself in the softest t-shirt and sweats he owned before making himself something to eat.
“Okay, but you stay behind me,” Tony insisted. When Steve opened his mouth to argue, Tony cut him off. “I’m wearing a suit of armour, you’re not even wearing all of your suit. You stay behind me.”
She nodded. “They shouldn’t be here,” she whispered angrily, tears shining in her eyes. “No one should be here.”
Tony picked up the gift, turning it over in his hands. He made a pantomime of shaking it by his ear - gently though, so as not to damage whatever was inside - before sliding his thumb under the edge of the paper and tearing it. He pulled the box free and opened it up, holding it upside down until the contents slipped out onto his knee.
“Heads up,” he nodded towards the door, where Natasha emerged from the building, a fistful of files in her hand, all imprinted with the same stylised M design they’d found stamped on the crates in the warehouse a month and a half ago.
“I don’t know,” Steve shook his head. “I’ll be honest, I’ve never really dated anyone I met online. I’ve hooked up with a couple. But never met anyone I wanted to date.”
But the thought of meeting someone new always set off a flurry of butterflies in his stomach. And Bucky was Tony’s friend; no doubt he knew about their argument or fight or whatever it was the other day. Was this an attempt at the shovel talk?
“Yeah, I know,” he nodded. What was he supposed to say: I found a merman living in the pool of the Stark Mansion and now I’m trying to clean out ten years of shit from the water so he doesn’t die before I can figure out how the hell I’m going to get him out of there?
The sun was coming up outside the window of his room. Wade glared at it. Then he glared at the IV in his arm. Then he looked up, hearing the door open, and glared at the doctor responsible for him being here.
They took their time getting ready, taking turns in the shower. Tony picked up Steve’s shampoo, flicking the lid open and sniffing it. When he spent what turned into pretty much the whole of January caring for Steve through the cold and then the flu, he’d used this shampoo every day. As a result, he spent most of January smelling like Steve.
“Steve, it’s fine,” Tony promised, because, okay, it was unexpected to have a small child on their first official date with them, but one thing Tony had learned during their text-ship was how devoted Steve was to his nieces. It was kind of adorable actually.
He eyed the tables around the lab critically, before choosing one in the corner overlooking the communal area below. Quickly clearing it of the junk he and Bruce had abandoned there, Tony beckoned Ari over.
Tony threw his head back and laughed. Steve took advantage of the move to run his lips up Tony’s neck.
Steve clenched his jaw, staring across the street where he saw a child sitting on their father’s shoulders. He watched them disappear across the street, anger churning in his gut.
Tony clamped his mouth shut before he could say any more, possibly triggering Steve further, but that didn’t stop the images flooding his brain; opening the closet to find Steve curled up in a ball, barely breathing and with tears streaming down his face. He could still remember the sharp acrid smell of vomit and see the blood on Steve’s fingers where he’d tried to claw the door open to no avail.
“Yeah, almost,” Matt nodded. “We’ve gone to every psychiatrist in the city. They say she’s bipolar or delusional or something. But they all blame the assault.”
“You’re in a good mood this morning,” Tony observed, lounging in the shallow end and flicking his tail lazily.
“Hi, I’m Dr Carter. I’m Peter’s doctor. I'll take you to him. Follow me.” Sharon headed towards the room in question. “Peter has a dislocated shoulder. We’re waiting for x-ray to confirm. He also has a mild concussion but we did a CT and there’s no damage. Other than that, he’s fine. Just a little road rash.”
“It smells amazing,” Bucky declared, rubbing his hands together. “Looks amazing too,” he added as Natasha and Banner began carrying the dishes over and setting them out along the centre of the table.
Now that he’d cleaned out the pool as best he could and fixed the pump and filter, there was nothing much for him to do at the mansion other than make sure Tony ate and took his antibiotics. Steve could see him filling out in front of his eyes, his skin losing that grey tinge and his eyes shining brightly. Soon, Tony would be healthy enough to return to the sea, once Steve figured out how exactly he was going to make that happen.
“You damn well better,” Steve retorted. He grabbed his phone from the pocket of his jeans, letting them fall back onto the floor, scrolling through his music selection and jamming it into the dock.
“Very much so,” Tony smiled, giving him a quick kiss which quickly morphed into two, then three, then a fourth which lingered much longer than his initial peck on the lips. “Just an idea, but we could, uh, just not go anywhere, stay in and have our own personal party, just the two of us. Hmm?”
“Gee, I don’t know,” Tony retorted. “Maybe because humans captured me, kidnapped me, trapped me, abused me and, oh, abandoned me. But other than that, not a damn thing.”
Tony glared, “I reserve the right to stab him if he tries anything, but other than that, sure, I promise not to stab him.”
Steve lost track of how long he lay there, staring at the ceiling as his tears tried on his face. For the first time since she died, he let it wash over him how much he missed his mother. Wrapping his arms around himself in a poor approximation of a hug, Steve rolled onto his side.
“I’m not,” Steve replied, even though he totally was. Or, as the voice which sounded suspiciously like Bucky said, he didn’t know when to stop digging.
“Welcome back,” Bucky called, helping Matt to his feet. Matt took a few shaking steps, before nodding and Bucky released him.
“Oh yeah. I went face first onto the ground. But all of a sudden he stopped laughing, and when I looked up, he was on the ground and there was this girl
“Come on, sit down,” Steve murmured, easing Tony onto the bed before crouching down in front of him. “What’s going on, sweetheart?”
“Don’t put yourself down,” Foggy teased, and Tony waved his middle finger in Foggy’s face. “No, seriously. I think we should do it,” Foggy laughed. “Hey Marci, pass me my laptop.”
“So you’re saying there’s a generator somewhere in this house?” Steve frowned. He didn’t remember seeing anything vaguely generator-like when he explored the house.
“I thought you’d be into that?” Bucky frowned, echoing Steve’s confusion. From everything he knew about Hawkeye and his first impressions of the man in person, Barton seemed like he would love the chance to play games and claim it was training. But instead, he pouted like a sulking six year old. “The chance to nail Stark in the face sounds brilliant to me,” Bucky added.
. I interned at his company for two years. Never saw him smile once. But look at him! Anyway, I was talking to Angie earlier and she suggested cocktails to celebrate, are you both in?”
The shockwave slammed into them, throwing Tony across the room and ripping Steve’s hands from his. He slammed into something hard and fell to the ground and everything went black.
“Alright. Let’s pack this up, and ship it back to the Tower,” Bucky said. “Hey Rumlow! Make sure that shit goes to us. I don’t want it getting lost in SHIELD’s in-tray, alright?”
“I know. I don’t have to like it though.” He scratched at the condensation-damp label on his beer. “I just, I love him so much. And the thought of losing him hurts.”
But Tony met his gaze head on, determination written in his eyes. “There’s something we need to do first.”
As soon as they entered the bedroom, Tony kicked the door closed behind them, said, “JARVIS, full privacy,” and all the glass dimmed. Meanwhile, Tony spun Steve around until his back was pressed against the wall and then they were kissing again and Tony was right in Steve’s space, cupping his face like he was the most precious object on earth.  Steve curled his arm around Tony’s waist, pinning him in place just in case he considered moving away.
Their drinks finished, they left the cafe, Tony leading the way towards what looked like a very expensive sports car, where he stopped and turned back to Steve.
Less than fifteen minutes later, Natasha and Clint dropped down from the fire escape, landing silently next to Bucky.
Steve hummed his agreement, scanning the room for some hint of why they’d all been summoned for a meeting. The Principal was at the front of the room and at her side stood a woman in a sharp suit with her hair pulled back into a painfully tight ponytail. His heart sank a little at the prospect of a lecture. He wanted to get out of here as quickly as possible. He had plans tonight.
He watched her eyes grow heavy, her eyelashes fanning out across her cheek as her mouth spread in a wide yawn.
“And when they do, they’ll be met by my Dreadnoughts,” Nefaria cut him off. “Did you like them? My own design. Well, I may have had a little help from a friend. You know him, I believe. Marco Scarlotti. Couldn’t have done it without him.”
He fell back onto his ass instead, wrapping his arms around his knees and gulping. The tears pressed more insistently at his eyes now, followed by the burn of anger and frustration at his complete and utter inability to do anything to protect Tony.
“I’m fine, thank you,” Foggy replied. “So what can I help you with? You said something on the phone about transferring ownership of your company? I gotta admit, I’m a little confused why I’m here and not one of the Stark Industries lawyers?”
“I…” Steve’s voice wavered. He frowned, looking small and lost, and his mouth goldfished for several seconds.
“I’m a doctor,” Tony assured him, dropping to his knees. “We’re going to take the branch out and do a DPL.”
“Of course. Mr Stark wanted me to inform you that your luggage arrived this morning. Everything is ready for your departure tonight.”
“I mean, they don’t have a lot to work with considering your Insta’s private and Tony kept you off of his until now,” Angie added.
“You too,” Arnie replied, shaking his hand. “I’m glad these two troublemakers have someone looking after them.”
Steve gaped at him. For a second, Tony wondered if he’d done something wrong, but then Steve surged across the gap between them, tackling Tony with a bruising kiss. Tony’s hands shot up to fist in Steve’s shirt, if only to save himself from toppling onto the floor.
“This ice cream is really good,” Steve mumbled, his mouth full of said ice cream. Between the pizzas they’d demolished between them, the ice cream, and leaning against Tony with his feet in Bucky’s lap, he’d started to feel human again.
Clint chuckled to himself as Bruce and Frigga Borson disappeared into an exam room and wandered back towards the nurses’ station. He spotted Steve sitting at one of the computers and strolled over, past Nat who was glaring at her paperwork like it had personally offended her, leaning against the counter next to him.
“It’s okay,” Steve replied distantly, picking up the bent faceplate, the damage the result of a punch from a Dreadnought which did not approve of Tony’s attempts to keep it away from his things. Steve looked at the faceplate, before handing it to DUM-E, who scurried after U, beeping madly.
When Steve returned to his apartment that night, he pulled out Bruce’s card and turned it over in his hand, staring at the blue logo as it turned. He hadn’t been lying when he told Tony he wasn’t interested in Bruce like that.
Bruce sighed. “No. My gut tells me there’s something wrong here that isn’t psychiatric.” He gave in and allowed a growl of frustration to slip out, rubbing his hair again and running through the symptoms in his head: seizures, respiratory paralysis, stomach pains, back pains, skin lesions, paranoia, hallucinations…
“They suit you,” Tony smiled. “So where are we going with this? I’m guessing you didn’t invite me over to eat take out in your stairwell.”
“I don’t mind,” Steve blurted out. Now he was recovering from the shock, he started to smile. “It’s… kind of the highlight of my day too.”
“My dick is the reason you’re here,” Arnie grinned and Steve burst out laughing until he was struggling to breathe, super-soldier serum or not.
He wanted to wake up with his alpha beside him, he wanted to raise Ellie with someone by his side, he even wanted to talk about having more kids in the future because being a father was more than he’d ever dreamed it could be and he would love to give Ellie a sibling or two to boss around.
he’d run off to the other side of the country in the first place and he erroneously thought he could lose himself in an array of bodies. When it became apparent that the revolving door of hook ups was doing nothing to make him feel better, he gave up clubbing and actually found his own apartment instead of just spending the night with whoever he could find willing to take him home.
“They’re the ones building that casino-hotel thing in the Palisades and all profits are going to charity.”
“Go on. Get clean. You smell worse than Barton’s socks,” Tony teased, pulling the door closed behind him.
Tony took care of him. He cooked and cleaned, and bullied Steve into taking medicine even when Steve glared at him and declared that he was fed up of taking pills. Then he would cuddle Steve when they sat watching endless shows and movies on Netflix, usually scrolling through his phone or the tablet Happy delivered to him on the second day, because Tony needed more than one source of stimulation to keep his brain happy.
This time, no blue tick appeared, but Steve reminded himself that Tony said to hang on, as he apparently found a way to prove it really was him. He put his phone on the coffee table, in his eye-line, so he would see the moment the screen lit up with a new message, then picked up his guitar, just to have something to do while he waited.
“That was Daniel. He’s taken the girls home,” Steve replied. “They said goodbye and thanks for the ice cream.”
“Okay then, it’s due next Monday,” Steve continued. “If you have any questions about it, you know where to find me. If you have any questions about anything not relating to the fall of the Berlin Wall, keep them to yourselves.”
(Honestly, fair play to Steve for facing Pierce at the start of the shift. If Clint was in his position, he probably would’ve hightailed it out of the ER as soon as he saw his ex and drowned himself in coffee and pizza until the coast was clear.)
“Whereas you are a human disaster who falls in dumpsters and drinks coffee from the pot, and would probably get scurvy from living off of pizza if we didn’t force you to eat vegetables,” Bucky added. “By the way, did you eat your vegetables?”
“Yeah, I do,” he smiled. “Okay. Time to go.” But when he reached for the door, he hesitated, turning back to Angie. “Three days in the Caledonian, right?”
“Okay. I was not expecting this,” Tony declared, taking in the sheet Steve pinned up earlier, and Angie’s projector, already connected up to his laptop behind Steve and Peggy’s old inflatable couch, covered with a blanket. Tony threw himself down on the couch, chuckling as he bounced up and down. “Lordy, I haven’t seen one of these since the nineties.”
“Fuck you,” he hissed, mentally running over his bank account, calculating if he had enough to cover his father’s demand. “You fucking bastard.”
He curled his fingers around Tony’s thumb and Tony smiled, running his forefinger over Steve’s knuckles. “Love you,” he whispered, pressing a kiss to Steve’s temple.
“Sleep is for the weak,” Clint declared. Another yawn overtook him, stretching his face wide and leaving his vision blurry. “And apparently I’m really fucking weak.”
“Thank you,” Lorna preened. “I like your hair. It’s pretty. I asked my dad if I could have green in my hair but he said no.”
“He’s hiding from Dr. Hammer,” Clint explained. “He’s a dick from Urology who keeps asking Steve out. Despite the fact he’s married,” he added pointedly because it couldn’t hurt to remind Steve of his husband, to whom he was supposedly devoted to.
Steve pressed his thumb and forefinger into the corners of his eyes, feeling the burn of tears in his throat.
A small smile played on Natasha’s face. She unhooked the cage, lifting out the cat, who blinked lazily at them all.
He managed a terse smile for her, but he couldn’t relax, not until he saw Tony was his own two eyes and knew for certain he was okay.
Life went on in the Tower. Ellie grew at what seemed like an alarming rate and Steve started training with the Avengers and tried to pretend that he wasn’t falling harder than ever for Tony every time he came over just to spend time with Ellie or offered to babysit so Steve could have an hour to himself or spend time with someone whose vocabulary extended beyond a babble of nonsensical letters.
The night was fitful, Steve tossing and turning at his side as the fever raged. Around six, the fever fell enough for Steve to get some actual sleep. Tony covered him with the lightest blanket, then slipped out of bed.
“Okay,” Tony grimaced. “That’s more than I ever needed to know about Thor’s sex life,” he said to Clint.
The car spluttered and wheezed and his heart sank. But then it coughed once more and the engine roared into life.
Steve nodded in encouragement, happy to hear any idea that meant avoiding his life becoming front page news.
“Good man.” Bucky raised his fist for Steve to bump. “I went to see ‘em play the Phillies in May of ’41 at Ebbets Field. Kicked their asses!”
When Tony woke, it wasn’t to the shrill ring of the alarm. He scrunched up his face, wondering what had dragged him from sleep before it was necessary. But then he felt lips press a kiss to the base of his spine and smiled.
“Of course,” Steve replied instantly, and fuck, Tony loved him. He loved him so much and he wanted to tell Steve, but no, he should say it face to face for the first time, not over the phone when Steve was half asleep, that was a stupid idea, Tony, so stupid-
A quick consultation on the internet later, and he had the jumper cables connected. Climbing into the driver’s seat, Steve waited a few minutes, his heart pounding. His hand trembled against the wheel.
And the longer they sat there, gazing into each other’s eyes, the more Steve realised that he was well and truly fucked.
Steve raised his eyebrows at his niece. She pressed a finger to her lips, silently shushing him, and he swallowed his laughter.
“Let me take care of you,” he murmured once they broke apart. Tony stroked Steve’s cheek, relieved to find no trace of the fear that marred his handsome features earlier.
“Fuck, you’re beautiful,” Tony murmured. “So beautiful and perfect and I am the luckiest man in the world because you chose me.”
“It’s you, it’s always you, only you,” Tony promised, pressing kisses into the sweat-damp hair at Steve’s temples.
Steve chuckled, his hand gripping Tony’s hip loosely. “I thought that would’ve been obvious.” He kissed Tony’s neck. “Don’t you know what day it is?”
“You know,” Natasha said, once the dishes were empty. “If you boys keep your relationship game going strong, we’re going to need a bigger table.”
They lapsed into silence. Tony breathed in the familiar scent of Steve’s shampoo, burying his face in his soft blond hair and watched their fingers dance around each other with a soft smile.
“It is only thanks to the bravery not only of the Avengers, but of ordinary people like Steve Rogers, that Luchino Nefaria’s actions did not result in any deaths or further injuries. But there are two hundred and thirty eight people trying to heal from injuries because of him, and many more trying and failing to get help for the trauma of that night. All because of Luchino Nefaria.
The message came to an end, leaving Steve sitting there with a bemused smile on his face. Tony was… a lot. That much was clear within two seconds of meeting the man.
Tony was adjusting his tie when his phone buzzed on the other side of the wardrobe, where it was charging. Grabbing his jacket on the way, he picked it up expecting a message from Steve, who was out with Daniel for the afternoon.
When Tony shifted his attention to Steve’s split knuckles, his hands were so gentle in the way they picked up Steve’s hand, wiping away the dried blood without pressing on the bruises, that Steve felt like he might cry again. Which was stupid. He swallowed the feeling and scowled at his own ridiculousness.
“Lorna here fell off her bike and while she’s waiting for an x-ray, I think we should get her some painkillers. She says it doesn’t hurt that much, but I think Charles would feel better if we did. Also, can you get her a sling and an ice pack to reduce swelling?”
, Steve’s brain supplied, as he watched Tony drop to his knees, wires crackling with electricity wrapped around his suit.
Just as he was about to admit defeat and call security, he caught sight of Frigga at the other end of the hall, ducking into a supply closet. What the hell was she doing in there?
“Mom says never say anything uncle Steve says, cause he’s got a mouth like a sailor with a migraine,” Evie Rose recited proudly.
“Make out like a pair of teenagers,” Bucky added, grinning when Tony shot him a glare. “What? Come on, you know I’m right.”
“I never said you were, don’t put words in my mouth,” Tony snapped, waving his finger in Steve’s face. Steve slapped his hand away.
SLIGHTLY SPOILERY WARNINGS: underlying anxiety attacks throughout. If you’re unsure, feel free to ask me questions over on tumblr.
Then, because apparently Tony was a complete bastard, he picked up a condom from the bed, ripping it open carefully and oh-so slowly, before rolling it onto Steve with painful slowness.
No doubt soon after he’d been captured, judging by his tiny features. His tail was hidden from the camera, making him look to all the world like an ordinary little boy, especially thanks to the shirt someone had clearly forced on him. But what drew Steve’s attention most of all was the look of utter confusion on Tony’s face. It wasn’t fear, not yet, just bewilderment. He looked so small and lost that Steve longed to go back in time, scoop him in his arms and get him away from the Starks before they could break his spirit.
After Rhodey left, Tony went down to the storage room below the workshop, where his suits were all lined up behind glass, waiting to be summoned for a fight. Tony stared at them and for the first time, he genuinely considered how it would feel to blow them up, every last one, and just walk away. He could still design tech for the Avengers, but he wouldn’t go on missions. He could live in Brooklyn with Steve and drive to work every day like a normal person. They could return home at night, Steve could talk about his students, and Tony about his current designs, and Tony would make them dinner. And they would go to sleep next to each other, and wake up side by side the following morning. They could get married, have children, all the things they’d talked about.
In lieu of a reply, Steve sent another selfie, this time of his face. He stared straight into the camera through his eyelashes, biting his lower lip and smiling. The expression was oh-so tempting, and part of Tony wanted to say
, Tony found Bucky sprawled out across the couch, a half-eaten bag of Funions on the floor and a can of Red Bull in one hand as he swore at the characters on-screen.
“Thought I could wave you off,” Steve joked, leaning on the railing. Below, the Quinjet shot out of the Tower, banking to the south west, no doubt carrying the rest of the Avengers.
The rest of the Avengers dropped in to give their testimony, and most of them came with Steve and Tony for an outing. Bruce went with them to the Science Museum, where they almost caused a riot and ended up spending the entire day, Bruce and Tony giving impromptu classes to the awestruck kids. Thor went with them to a basketball game and almost got them thrown out with his enthusiasm, much to Tony and Steve’s amusement. Natasha went with them to the Captain America exhibit, and spent most of the visit Snapchatting Bucky.
“You’re wrong,” Steve insisted, pushing away the tendrils of doubt curling their way through his brain.
He glanced around the fancy office. There was something about the room which made his skin crawl. There were no pictures, no knick-knacks or personalising features of any kind, he realised. He flicked open the top drawer, hoping for the regular detritus of a desk, anything that would humanise Stane and make the whole place seem less creepy.
“I’m calling you out on your word choice,” Steve grinned. “And second of all, Tony, you’re in Brooklyn. Making me soup and clearing up after my snotty ass.”
When Tony finally appeared, walking through the debris, faceplate up and hauling a hunk of dead robot, Steve almost cried out in relief. He pressed his fist to his mouth and blinked furiously. He let out a ragged sigh of relief and sat back in his chair.
When he did, he began to feel the exhaustion and the pressure in his sinuses and the ache in his throat, everything he’d been trying to deny.
And just like that, Daniel stepped forward and wrapped his arms around Steve. Steve buried his face in Daniel’s neck and allowed himself to cry in his best friend’s arms.
“I reviewed the footage. Nothing went near him. And honestly? I think it might’ve started before then. I don’t know. I wasn’t looking for anything back then because I didn’t know there was anything I should be looking for.” Tony took a sip of his own coffee. “This caring for people schtick is exhausting.”
Huffing, Steve reached back to adjust his pillows before switching to YouTube for videos made by other explorers. He skipped through the videos until he found the swimming pool, but there was never any sign of anything in the water. After watching four different videos with the same result, Steve sighed and admitted defeat.
Steve squirmed, his blush spreading down his neck. His hips jerked, drawing Tony’s attention back to his cock.
Bucky snorted. “You’ve got it bad. Anyway, listen, me and Tony were gonna head out for a drink this afternoon,” he explained. “You wanna come?”
If heaven existed - and he was still iffy on that, and the only reason he was even kind of considering the existence of God was due to the fact he had an actual God living in his building right now - then this was surely it, he decided. Row upon row of cats, all of them gazing up at him with big eyes and begging to be scritched.
Back at the apartment, they sprawled out on the sofa, eating junk food and watching mindless TV until Bucky joined them in the evening, bearing Thai food and more ice cream. Over dinner, he filled them in on his own turn on the stand, before bidding them goodnight so he could call Matt.
Tony’s chest heaved. Dropping his head to the side, he nudged Steve’s chin up and kissed him slowly. Steve leaned into the kiss, his fingers sliding over Tony’s collarbone, before tucking his head back into Tony’s neck and they lay there, catching their breath.
Natasha materialised at his side, looking stunning in her gown, the purple so dark it almost appeared black until it caught the light.
Tony headed down to the garage, where Happy was waiting to drop him off at the Gansevoort Street entrance to the High Line, scanning the crowd for Steve.
“The best,” Steve agreed. He leaned in, mouthing up the column of Tony’s neck until Tony was fighting off a shiver. Steve hesitated, his mouth hovering a hair’s breadth above Tony’s ear, then whispered, “Take me to bed.”
It was the first time he’d really seen Tony interact with his fans, and it was a revelation, especially the day they were at Capitol Hill and a little girl wearing an Iron Man shirt shyly asked Tony if he would sign her map. Steve couldn’t look away even if he wanted to as Tony crouched down and talked to her in a soft voice, asking her name and doodling a tiny suit next to his name before offering to take a picture with her. When she asked a question about the workings of the suit, Tony’s eyes lit up and Steve felt his heart melt, rolling his lips between his teeth to avoid grinning like a lunatic in the middle of the Rotunda.
There was a look in Clint’s eyes that Tony recognised. He’d seen it in the mirror when he was at his worst - during palladium poisoning, the PTSD after New York, his break up with Pepper - and it was that look that he’d first seen in Clint’s expression when they climbed out of the quinjet after fighting Amora.
He stepped out of the elevator, tugging Steve behind him. “That’s Bucky’s apartment,” Tony explained. “We decided letting Barton live on the same floor as the kitchen was a bad plan.”
“Guess I was too busy yelling,” Steve sighed. “How did you find the perfect moment to tell Peggy you loved her?”
The bell rang, announcing the start of the lunch hour, and the sounds of chair legs scraping on linoleum and chatter filled the classroom. Steve watched his students file out of the room. Most days he loved being a teacher, but every so often there were days when he regretted every decision that led him to this point.
I caught up on the latest chapter of a WIP I'm reading recently and the amazing fireinmywoods managed to put into words something I've been feeling and allowed me to paraphrase: Thank you to all the readers who are reading this as a "WIP". It's not really a WIP because it's finished and edited, so perhaps a better phrase would be this posting stage. Any reactions and musings you give me encourage me to keep working on the next project (because there is always a next project). Thank you for putting your faith in me and trusting me enough to keep coming back every week to see where this (or any) story goes. You're all amazing ❤️
“Okay,” Steve replied, frowning a little. He did as he was told, closing the door before taking a seat opposite her desk and trying not to feel like he was back in high school in trouble for starting yet another fight.
“Jean? I went to med school with her,” Stark said absently. “Huh. She actually procreated with him. That’s disappointing. I thought she had better taste.”
“There should be a pressure gauge on the filter,” Tony explained. “You do know what a pressure gauge looks like, right? Don’t look at me like that, Rogers. You have no idea what any of this means so I gotta break it down to baby terms. Small enough for your tiny little human brain to understand.”
After the stress of the trial, he wanted nothing more than to curl up with his boyfriend and forget about the world for a few hours so he tugged Steve towards the den and all but fell onto the couch. Judging by the way Steve instantly curled into his side, he felt the same way.
Once Ellie was dried off, Steve dressed her in a clean pair of pyjamas - the ballerina ones from Natasha - then held her against his chest, swaying slowly and humming a long forgotten tune to her, one that his own mother used to sing to him and that he’d forgotten about completely until the first time Ellie cried.
“Right,” Hogarth nodded. She frowned. “And yet, you by your own account, stayed calm and collected. Calm enough to pick the lock on your handcuffs? Which, I have to be honest, is quite impressive. It’s not an everyday skill. Picking handcuffs. How exactly does a high school teacher manage to pick the lock of handcuffs on his first try?”
“San Antonio General.” Tony picked up a cup of water, holding the straw steady for him. “You have a chest infection and you’re dehydrated but unfortunately, you’re going to be fine.”
“I didn’t do anything, it’s what I’m not doing that is a problem. Might be a problem. For you. Not for me. I don’t have a problem with it but-”
“Don’t act like you know me,” Steve snapped but he sat down, because unfortunately his dad was right. “What do you want, dad?”
Tony chuckled, swinging his leg over the back of the bike. Steve watched his muscles bunch and shift beneath his jeans and felt a burst of heat in his gut.
but apparently now they were face to face, it resurged with a vengeance. Steve ran his fingers through his hair, shaking his head at his own ridiculousness.
The anger he’d been suppressing for a year, the anger he hadn’t had the energy to deal with, bubbled in his gut. “Back off,” Steve snapped.
Tony thumped his head against the elevator walls until the doors slid open, revealing the penthouse, and he marched out of the elevator and down the hall into his office.
They tangled their legs together as they ate. Steve found the remote and flicked on the TV; when he saw the news was focused on the attack from the night before, Steve glanced at Tony, then went to turn the TV off again.
“Shut up!” Clint snapped, jumping to his feet. “Shut up about the show and shut up about my stuff. I know it’s a mess and it’s half taped together and it’s old and busted. But it’s mine. And you gotta make that work, right? You gotta make your own stuff work out.”
When he tried the door, it rattled against the doorframe. Locked. However, Steve grew up in an apartment which had the exact same doorknobs and he knew how to tweak them to make them unlock without a key.
“No,” Steve teased, trying to rid himself of the residual tension which lingered despite having Tony in his arms.
“Tell him to come in,” Steve said, narrowly avoiding a face-full of water. “Yeah, yeah, you like the bath,” he grouched while Ellie laughed at him.
Three days later, Tony made the journey out to Red Hook to Steve’s apartment, his gift tucked safely in the pocket of his coat. Parking down the block, Tony locked the car, then negotiated the grey-slush covered sidewalk. He hit the buzzer and waited; a few seconds later, Steve’s voice came over the intercom, “Hello?”
“Believe it,” Steve promised. “I’m not interested in money. If anything, your money is a turn off. But,” he added quickly, seeing Tony’s face shutter, “One negative does not outweigh the many,
“What’s this really about Clint? Because I’m here, I’m… I’m trying to be here. But I am not a mind reader. You need to talk to me if you want my help.”
Steve got his height from Joseph Rogers, but his father had always looked somewhat haggard. Steve liked to think it was payment for all the shit Joseph put people through.
“And miss our moment of victory as we get more Twitter followers than anyone else?” Clint scoffed. “Please. I brought popcorn.”
“See? She knows how to ask nicely,” Tony told Clint. “I’ll be right back. Once I find a new coffee pot. One untouched by Barton’s lips.”
“Hey,” he said, placing his hand between Steve’s shoulder blades as Steve leaned over to spit out the toothpaste. “So, uh, I didn’t have a chance to say it last night, what with being blown up - twice - and taking down a supervillain. But, uh.”
Whenever he said he liked Christmas, people made the assumption Tony liked the trappings of Christmas. And while he enjoyed the decorations - he’d always been a bit of a magpie when it came to bright and sparkly things - most of the traditionally “Christmas” things he could do without.
And thanks to fireinmywoods for putting into words what I didn't know I wanted to say and for being an incredible storyteller ❤️
When Tony turned, his head protested loudly and violently. He winced, but found Clint tied to a chair a few feet away, looking as beat up as Tony himself felt.
He gripped Tony’s chin, pulling him in again for another kiss, because Steve was quickly coming to the realisation that any time not spent kissing Tony was a waste. The only problem with kissing Tony was that kissing Tony was so good and so overwhelming Steve felt like he should probably take a break.
“Listen, Alexander,” he began. “Thanks for earlier, with Batroc. I appreciate it. And I know things got… complicated with us when we broke up. But I’m glad to see we can work together for two weeks without making a big deal out of it. It was a long time ago and it had nothing to do with anyone here.”
Pain shot through his bicep. Tony gasped; when he turned his head, he found a two inch spike sticking out of his suit.
Tony shifted so he could hold Steve’s face in his hands, looking him in the eye with an amused smile.
Steve wasn’t the only one who turned to look at the owner of the voice, but he was the only one who kept looking.
Tony settles Steve on the couch, fetching him a glass of water then retrieving a pair of bed socks from the bedroom when Steve realised his feet were bare.
Steve glanced up and found Rhodey staring at him. Or, more accurately, staring at the scar on his leg.
“I have an IQ of one hundred and forty seven,” he revealed in a rush. He shrugged. “It's easier for me to pick up subjects I don’t know about, so when the kids have homework problems, I help them out. It’s easy for me.”
persona he turned on around the patients, Clint decided. It lulled you into a false sense of security and disguised the asshole underneath.
“Yeah, I hear severe anaphylaxis is kinda a turn off,” Steve nodded. He smiled. “Wanna head back to my place and order pizza?”
They lapsed into silence; Tony watching Ellie and Steve watching Tony watch Ellie. The longer he watched, the surer Steve became that something was wrong with Tony.
“You might think it’s not worth the effort because you don’t deserve to be healthy and clean,” Dr. Stark continued. “But they don’t deserve to see you like this.”
“I know,” Tony smiled. “You start as soon as you’re fit. And as your doctor, I’m going to make sure you don’t start any sooner because I swear to God, you better not end up back in my ER anytime soon.”
Tony flicked up the faceplate and grinned at him. He flew closer, leaning over the railing to kiss Steve. With that proximity, Steve was able to hear when Bucky’s voice came over Tony’s comms, yelling, “Stop making out with your boy toy and let’s go, Stark!”
“Nothing is registering on any scans, sir,” JARVIS replied. “I believe whoever they are, they have engaged a stealth mode.”
Tony yawned, stretching his arms above his head and pointing his toes with an appreciative moan. Flopping onto the mattress, he let his head fall to the side and smiled when he spotted Steve snoring into his pillow, his hair sticking up in all directions.
“You don’t have to stick around, you know,” Tony said as Steve unpacked Tony’s fish and his own smoothie.
Kicking his classroom door closed behind him with possibly more force than was necessary, Steve stalked over the his desk, throwing himself down into his chair and stabbing his pasta angrily, like it was all its fault that the world had decided that because he had a famous boyfriend, he needed to be treated differently.
The rest of the team agreed, Clint and Bruce a little slower than Thor, so Steve sat down again, unbuttoning his shirt with one hand while bouncing Ellie with the other while the conversation picked up again around them.
But Steve just kissed the crown of his head and whispered, “Close your eyes, sweetheart. I’ll keep talking. Just close your eyes. I’ve got you.”
Tony gave him a look over the top of his smoothie. “Please. Don’t insult me. You and May. If I’m giving you the gossip on me and Steve, the
Steve shifted so Tony could join him on the couch, before wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist and burrowing into his chest.
“You look like a porcupine,” Steve giggled, the sweat making Tony’s hair stick up in all directions.
Natasha stared down the corridor towards the door, her brows knitting together. “I think he’s with the best person to make sure that he is.”
He should be heading back to the apartment, Steve knew. It was getting dark and he needed to eat a proper meal. But instead of gathering his things together and leaving, he unlaced his boots and padded over the blessedly cool tile out onto the terrace. He sat on the edge of the pool, letting his legs dangle in the water.
“Working already?” Sharon teased, nodding towards Natasha’s phone as they fell into step. “Don’t you know that saying about all work and no play?”
“I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” Jessica muttered. “I was actually dumb enough to think I was doing better lately. I thought those assholes finally got me on meds that worked. Guess not.”
Steve’s hands twitched, the urge to punch Alexander again almost overwhelming him. But he knew that wouldn’t do anything except incite Alexander further. Alexander was a strategist, not a fighter. If Steve was going to beat him, he had to do it with strategy.
Steve inspected the scar on his leg with a grim fascination. The wound had closed enough to stop dressing it, but the pink line still stood out against Steve’s skin. He let his fingers dance over the scar until a shiver of revulsion ran down his spine. Steve shuddered. He had a thing about scars.
He tiptoed out of the spare bedroom, closing the door carefully behind him. Steve glanced up from clearing up their pizza boxes.
Plus, Bucky didn’t care about the nine hour time difference or the seven and a half thousand mile between them and would call him up to yell at him over FaceTime if he ended up in hospital again.
The smile took over Tony’s face without him realising, spreading out across his features until a sound somewhere between a laugh and a sob forced its way from his throat. He nodded furiously until he was able to find his voice again.
“It feels personal,” he said finally. “First Marco’s involvement, then the, uh, the aesthetic similarities between the Dreadnoughts and my suit. It just…” He huffed. “It feels personal.”
Steve stared at the phone, feeling like it was daring him to pick it up, his heartbeat thumping in his ears. Taking a deep breath, he unlocked his phone and scrolled through the contacts until he found Tony’s name. He hit call before he could think about it and change his mind, and pressed the phone to his ear.
“Of course.” Steve could hear the eye roll. “Sure, it is pal. Can’t wait to meet him. Whoever he is.”
Tony smirked at him knowingly, but returned his hand to Steve’s ass. And if Steve shot Mrs Baker a cocky smirk the next time he saw her, well, that was just between them.
“Listen, I think someone recognised me when I was coming down the street,” Tony murmured. “Wanna get this to go and head back to your place?”
“Ready,” Hope agreed. Scott prayed that the hint of resignation in her tone wasn’t all in his imagination.
Tony squinted at Thor as he made his way towards the ramp. “Your ex-god-friend threw you around like you were frisbee and you’re walking around like it’s nothing. How?”
He pointed at Jessica’s catheter bag. “Purple pee. She has purple pee! GI and neuro symptoms, diaphragmatic paralysis, seizures, skin blisters, and purple pee! Porphyria!”
Shoving the pencil behind his ear, Steve removed his pick from between his teeth and replayed what he had.
When Tony returned to the Tower, it was to a news alert that a new article had been published on People.com mentioning either his name or Steve’s. When he opened it, he found it was a ranking of the Avengers’ dating statuses past and present.
The man - creature? Thing? Being? - laughed humourlessly and gave him a lascivious wink. “Not even in your wildest dreams, honey. Now why don’t you piss off outta my house before I stab you again, hmm?”
“Sorry I’m late,” Tony announced, barging into the room and rounding the table. “You know how it is, you save the world a few times and then they can’t do anything without you,” he smiled charmingly. “Hi honey.” He leaned down to kiss Steve, before taking the seat on his left.
Ellie snuggled into his chest, her little face buried in his neck to scent him, and apparently that was all he needed.
Four days felt like a lifetime when he couldn’t see Steve, Tony decided. Which was crazy, because before he left, he hadn’t seen Steve for over a week, but he was in New York then. So he knew even if he didn’t see Steve, he could if he wanted to. But in LA, with three hours of time difference, it was just enough for them to be out of sync.
“You don’t have to thank me for letting you see your daughter,” he insisted. “I should be apologising for not telling you earlier.”
Complicated. That was how he’d described it to Tony all those months ago when he first moved into the Tower.
Tony swore, running a hand through Steve’s hair and raking his nails along his scalp, grinning at the way Steve writhed beneath him. The grin was knocked off of his face when Steve clenched around him, drawing a groan out of him. He could feel his orgasm approaching, like a spring coiled low in his gut, but he refused to come before Steve when he’d promised to take care of him.
“Thank you Dr. Pedantic. You have been so helpful.” Wade yanked the blankets viciously. Honestly, he didn’t know why he was still here. He should just yank out the IV and walk out the door. And if they hadn’t taken his favourite shirt, he would do just that. Screw the pants, he’d walk away with his ass hanging out, but he wasn’t leaving Dorothy behind. “What are you doing here, anyway? You ditched me with that other doc.”
He looked maybe eleven or twelve, and his expression was one of abject misery. Steve’s blood boiled. How anyone could have believed Tony was happy was beyond him. But there was nothing he could do about Howard or Maria Stark.
“Well, look what I have to compare you with.” Tony gestured to Steve. “It’s not exactly a high bar.”“Come on, Bruce, I’ll give you a ride back,” Steve said, ignoring Tony’s smirk and barely resisting the urge to flip him off again.
“That sounds like a good idea,” Tony grinned, wrapping his arm around Steve’s waist and pulling him flush against his side. “I’ll take you home and make loud and passionate love to you.”
As soon as he replied to Tony, confirming their meeting - not a date, Tony didn’t say it was a date, so until he had confirmation otherwise it was a not-date - Steve scrambled to find Daniel’s number, hitting call.
Standing by the edge of the water, Steve turned to take a picture of the bar and the spiral staircases, hoping he could get some of the light from the stained glass windows in the photo too. The water lapped loudly against the edge and Steve glanced down.
He found a way inside the first outbuilding and discovered a workshop. Bucky would probably know what the tools were for - he’d always been more interested in mechanics than Steve - but Steve ignored them in favour of locating the elusive generator.
“They’re not talented, not a single one of them. They just happened to know the people in power. It’s insulting. And then, as if that wasn’t bad enough, they try to destroy everything I’ve worked for. My empire.”
By the time he reached the workshop, Steve felt like he was going to vibrate out of his skin with nervousness. This was worse than all the times he’d lied on his enlistment form, stepping into the Rebirth chamber, going into enemy territory while technically being AWOL, and giving birth in the future all at once.
“We can go out tomorrow,” Steve said, plastering himself against Tony’s side as they stepped into the elevator. “Tonight, I just want you.”
And shame flooded Steve’s veins, because it was true. Every time Joseph turned up, Steve always said it was the last time and then a few months later, Joseph would turn up again and twist Steve around his little finger. Steve hated himself for it. He’d never understood how his mother could let Joseph come back time and again, and now here he was, doing the exact same thing.
Stark huffed and when he looked at Steve, it was with eyes filled with affection and yep, they’d definitely forgotten he was standing there, Scott decided. Should he cough? Or move? Remind them he was standing right there? And oh God, his nose was starting to itch!
“He got to you too, huh?” Stane smirked. “Don’t know what it is, but there’s something about that fish that messes with people’s minds, stops ‘em from seeing straight. Howard, he was all but gone after Arno died. But Maria? She was always the smart one. Even she couldn’t see past him though. She could’ve been famous, if only she’d had the guts to put him where he belonged: in a zoo.”
They took Bucky’s car, a brand new electric blue Mustang that he gunned through the traffic. Steve clung to the handle above the door and muttered, “No one is ever allowed to complain about my driving again.”
Tony guided MJ towards the door, holding it open for her once more with a sinking heart. Of course it couldn't be that easy. Once they were back on the sidewalk, he turned to MJ.
took effort. Steve paused, leaning heavily on the aluminium pole. Everything was so much effort. He was tired. His eyes drifted to the door. Maybe he should just go home and rest. He could come back tomorrow. After all, he’d brought Tony food, been to the fish market, and started picking debris out of the pool. That was a lot.
Shaking his head at his own ridiculousness, Tony let himself out of the bathroom, yawning as he padded across the living room towards Steve’s bedroom. Steve’s cold had finally receded, nothing more than a tickle in his throat still lingering. Which meant there was no reason for Tony to stay anymore.
Something twisted in Steve’s belly and he felt his breathing quicken. Everything seemed to freeze with his wrist below Tony’s nose.
Ellie finished feeding and Steve lifted her onto his shoulder, rubbing her back gently. He caught Tony’s eye over her shoulder and they shared a smile.
He spotted his father from a block away, sitting at a table by the window, arms folded and eyes scanning the crowd.
“Gross,” Tony grimaced, fishing a tissue from his pocket and handing it over. “Wipe your nose like a civilised person.”
But in reality, Steve fought the urge to pick up his phone and call Tony, to hear his voice and confirm he was in one piece.
, just because his company doesn’t make weapons anymore? Now, he makes weapons, but he only gives them to his friends. Tell me, how is that better? Only the people Tony Stark has deemed worthy get the best weapons. A man famous for his drinking and his bed-hopping and his parties. Behaviour that didn’t stop after he became Iron Man. You’ve seen the footage, right? From his birthday party? The one where he fights his best friend and destroys his home? It’s a veneer, and you’re kidding yourself if you think he’s changed.”
Steve gazed at the glass surfaces, marvelling at the feat of engineering and his boyfriend’s design that led to its creation.
know how hard you all work. And despite fighting against a ‘futurist’ who seems to be stuck in the past, we have made some incredible progress this year. So enjoy yourselves. You’ve earned it.”
“Older than six,” Tony replied, causing Steve to snort with laughter. “And do you have to babysit him often?”
“Why do you always have to ruin everything?” he grunted. Every time he had something good, every time he was happy, along came his father to destroy everything because that was what he did.
The first result was from Psychology Today, with a list of psychologists and therapists, each with a profile on their methods and training, with headshots beside their names. It looked far too intimidating, so Steve switched tabs, returning to YouTube until his heart stopped pounding.
“Yeah. What are we gonna do for entertainment without you here? Plus, your faces are all so very beautiful,” Clint added. “I bet your pictures are the favourites in all the precinct gift shops.”
“Well, that’s only to be expected,” Tony replied. “I mean, I did have such a sparkling example of humanity to look up to. No
Leaning his cheek against his folded hands, Steve smiled up at him. “You gonna do something, or are you just going to sit and stare?”
Steve took a gulp of tea, hiding his smile in his mug, although he wasn’t quite sure why he felt the need to hide it, when Tony was so clearly enjoying himself as much as Steve was.
Instead of going straight up to the mansion, Steve realised he was hungry and craving pancakes, so he headed to the diner down the street and bought a stack of pancakes drowned in syrup to go. He tore pieces off as he drove up to Hollywood Hills, which resulted in sticky fingerprints all over the wheel. Downing the last of his tea after he parked, Steve grabbed his backpack and climbed out of the car.
Steve stared at it, trying to place when this happened. Then it came back to him in a rush; it was from their first dance of the night, when they were joking about meeting in a club.
Tony gulped for air, watching Steve push himself up until he was sitting by Tony’s hip. With gentle hands, Steve removed the condom, tying it off and tossing it into the trash. Then Steve fell down next to him, shuffling so they were lying face to face.
“Actually, that’s going small,” Natasha smirked. “Going big would be going out in the world without telling them and watching their heads explode.”
Natasha noticed Scott emerging from the closet behind Steve, but he appeared calm, watching Steve with wide eyes. She exchanged a glance with him before turning back to Steve and Stark.
Picking up the full trash can, Tony kept his grimace hidden until he was in the bathroom, washing out the can and spraying it with the disinfectant he found under the sink. Washing his hands, Tony glanced at his reflection in the mirror, measuring himself and hoping he wasn’t about to be found lacking.
He trusted them, would even go as far as to say they were his friends, but he wouldn’t risk Tony like that.
“And I think there must be something I can get you that would convince you to do the tests without telling anyone. A DVD boxset of
A few people looked twice at Tony, but no one expected to see Tony Stark at a house party in Brooklyn so no one lingered too long.
A few more strokes of Tony’s hand and Steve came hard, his orgasm snatching his breath away and pulling every muscle taunt. He gulped for air then all but collapsed against Tony’s shoulder. Tony eased them backwards until they were lying on the mattress in a tangle of limbs.
“On it,” Tony added, raising his tablet. “I’ve got JARVIS decoding all the files we picked up as we speak.”
Daniel nodded, pulling a small velvet box from a bag and flicking it open to reveal a pair of pearl and diamond earrings.
“What are you doing? You’re not wearing any shoes,” Tony croaked. “There’s probably glass and shit all over the ground, you’re going get an infection and die-”
Tony unlocked the door to their apartment, holding it open before turning to lock it once Steve was inside. “So, I was thinking, how about I make dinner? Then you can-”
“Thanks,” Steve nodded, feeling relieved that Bucky would take him seriously enough - or was willing to indulge him - to go to Brooklyn to check up on Tony.
“A drug trial,” Steve continued. “That got unexpected funding. A few weeks after I first went to see Arnie.”
Suddenly a flash of blue sent one of the Dreadnoughts spinning into a wall. Steve jumped, but Coulson barely even blinked.
Steve smiled but the joke didn’t have the same effect for him, considering he’d never met any of these people before in his life. A waitress, with
“So did I,” Maria sighed. “This is Harold Hogan. Hypertension and SVT. Converted on the scene. You probably need to get him to the cath lab ASAP.”
Steve climbed out of the car, closed his eyes and tipped his head back, letting the wind blowing off of the ocean wash over him and blow away the lingering tension from his therapy session. He breathed in the smell of the ocean and the seaweed, listening to the caws of the gulls swooping overhead.
“Genius, billionaire, philanthropist,” Tony provided. “Not going to lie, flying is awesome. And any time you feel like you’ve helped someone is amazing.”
Eating while holding a pup was a slow process, Steve had discovered early on, so the rest of the team were finished long before he was. But they didn’t make him feel like he was holding them up, the laughter and chatter louder than ever.
“That was an outlier and shouldn’t be counted,” Daniel said. “And in another world, I think you and I totally made it work.”
Steve nodded and Tony began to thrust his hips up. Steve gasped, fingers scrabbling for purchase on Tony’s shoulders, locking them together. He looked down, watching the barely visible flush spreading across Tony’s skin, hidden by his tan, but Steve knew it was there. He’d made it his mission to spend as much time as possible studying Tony’s skin. Especially during sex.
Steve ducked his head guiltily. He didn’t want to see the judgement in Tony’s eyes. After all, Tony had no choice but to starve, and here was Steve, forgetting to eat because he had that luxury. The knowledge that when he decided to eat, there would be food there. God, no wonder Tony hated him.
“I should go,” Tony murmured, but instead of moving away, he leaned in and kissed Steve again. Not that Steve was complaining about the kissing. Since the new term started two weeks ago, his job had seriously encroached on the time he could spend with Tony or texting Tony, or even just thinking about Tony. So no, the kissing was good. Great even.
“I beg to differ,” Tony countered. He ran his hands up Steve’s chest and out over his shoulders, encircling his biceps. “You know what you need? Something to take your mind off of it. Something fun.”
“It’s a very unique situation and not one comparable to… anything, really. One cannot really prepare for a kidnapping. When was the last time you were in that kind of situation?”
“What are you doing?” Tony asked, hopping out of the pool and perching on the edge next to Steve. Water dripped from his shoulder onto Steve’s arm, and his tail came within a hair’s breadth of Steve’s feet as it swept back and forth through the water.
“Perhaps the point is how we view people. People from different backgrounds. Tony Stark and the Avengers are called heroes, despite killing and injuring many more civilians than my client is accused of. Which is why I ask you to go into this trial with an open mind and consider this: if the circumstances were reversed, if Tony Stark grew up with nothing and Luchino Nefaria had everything, would we be sitting at Mr Nefaria’s trial today? Or would Tony Stark be the one of trial? I thank you for your time.”
They sat in silence, watching Ellie lead Tony around the garden of the nursing home, pointing out everything of interest, which ranged from a bumblebee that Tony had to talk her out of chasing, to a garbage can and the home’s resident tabby cat.
Tony sighed. “Fine. Thank you for setting up my online dating profile, without which it is highly unlikely I would’ve met Steve, who I have very strong feelings for, and am in an exclusive relationship with. Happy?”
That time with Loki and that stick which made everyone’s clothes disappear was… enlightening to say the least. Tony had some very happy memories of what, exactly, his team mates were packing under there, and he was pleased to say they were all fucking hot.
He had his daughter and he had one of his best friends back. He had his team and they were more than just a team. He had a place in the future and that was everything.
“I’m having a baby,” she echoed, letting herself be excited about the news for the first time since she’d seen the plus sign on the pregnancy test.
Steve ducked out of the way just in time to avoid the knife which flew through the air, narrowly missing his head and embedding itself in the wall. Steve stared at the knife and distantly realised he should be freaking out, because if he’d been a few seconds slower, the knife would be sticking out of his eye. But he didn’t have the energy to freak out about it. The adrenalin crash was already beginning to hit.
Tony scowled. “I’d say your pretty face, but for that to be true, your face would have to be pretty in the first place.”
Once the patient was sedated, Dr. Pym called Bruce over to stitch up the wound on her cheek. “That’s it,” Dr. Pym murmured. “Your stitches are very neat.”
The following morning, he woke with his nose even stuffier and his voice croaking like a bullfrog. Angie raised her eyebrows at him, but Steve ignored her, pouring himself a cup of tea to soothe his throat, then headed off to work.
“He’s fine. We’re just waiting for the discharge paperwork. Here we are,” Sharon announced, opening the door to Peter’s room.
“Did you manage it?” Steve asked quietly. He’d never heard Tony mention anything about his life before the Starks.
Natasha pressed play and the video sprang into life: Sharon was sitting up in bed, supported by several pillows and scowling.
“Hey, how is it you two are the ones in stable, healthy relationships,” Clint wondered, pointing between Bucky and Tony.
He jogged down the spiral staircase and found the room in question. Sure enough, inside there was what he guessed could be a pump. After a few minutes of investigation, he made his way back upstairs.
She smiled encouragingly. Taking one last glance at the TV, Steve forced himself to move. Every step towards his classroom made his boots feel like they were made of lead.
“Are you okay?” Tony demanded. He cupped Steve’s cheek, his hands cool against Steve’s skin. “Steve? Steve, what did he do to you?”
Bucky gagged and Steve cackled with laughter. “Thanks for that totally unnecessary image, pal. That’s gonna haunt my nightmares for weeks.”
“Yeah, we picked up Natasha’s bridesmaid’s dress this morning,” Steve replied. He twisted the engagement ring around his finger, anticipation curling in his belly at the thought of their bonding ceremony only six days away. “You sure you don’t want to come?”
Five minutes later, Steve decided he couldn’t do this and reached for the drawer by his bed and then, finally, managed to fall asleep once the endorphins from his orgasm hit.
Steve watched him go then took a deep breath, his own nerves starting to make an appearance as the clock ticked closer to the start of the trial. He wondered if it was too late to drag Tony back to bed or to jet off to somewhere exotic like everyone expected him to be during the holidays.
Ellie slapped her hands against the water, sending droplets flying and proving Steve’s point for him.
Clint caught Scott and Hope’s attention, indicating with his head that they should join him in the corridor. “Okay, is it just me, or does this feel like more than flirting now?” he murmured. “I mean, yeah, I’m worried about the guy but Steve looks like he’s either about to cry or go out there himself.”
Panting for breath, Steve hung his head below the shower spray. He cringed. He’d just jerked himself off to the thought of one of his best friends. That should be weird. It would be weird if it was Bucky.
At the back of seven, Angie shuffled out of her bedroom looking like a badger fresh from hibernation. Wordlessly, Tony handed over a fresh mug of coffee. He learned early on in his stay not to attempt conversation with Angie before she’d downed her first mug of coffee.
But there was no one to answer. Because there was no one to hear. Because Steve was alone, except for a roommate who deserved better than dealing with Steve’s useless ass, and it was all his fault. He pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes until he saw stars.
“Oh, Lord, that’s better,” Bucky sighed, bending his arm at the elbow and clenching his fist. “Alright, I need you to be Iron Man right now, cause this is an Avengers’ level threat.”
“Thank you,” Tony murmured when he was done. Leaning his hands on the back of the armchair, bracketing Steve between them, he leaned forward and brushed their lips together. “Sorry I have to ditch you for a few hours.”
“Finally,” Loki snapped. “Next time, do not make us wait here. I thought this was an emergency room.”
“Don’t wake your sister,” he whispered, pressing a finger to his lips and nodding towards the travel crib where Hannah was sleeping.
“What did you have planned if not an ambulance ride?” she asked, pumping air into the blood pressure cuff.
“You love it,” Tony grinned. As if they didn’t both know that Tony dropping him off at work for the first day of term was going to end with them making out in the car like a pair of teenagers.
When he returned to the apartment, Rhodey’s room was empty and his keys were gone. No doubt out with Sharon, Steve realised, scrubbing his hand over his face as the weariness settled in.
He leaned in, and Tony closed the distance between them, kissing him softly, his hand coming up to rest on Steve’s neck.
“Don’t worry about pleasing people so much. I’ve always been the odd one in the family, but I still did what they wanted me to. I spent so long trying to be the person they expected me to be, and it never got me anywhere. Now? I don’t care. I do what I want. Because it makes me happy. You should do things because you want to. And anyone who has a problem with it? Tell them to go to hell.”
have experience in taking care of himself. Mostly because for most of his life, he was the only one around to do so. When he was a child, there was Ana and Jarvis, and his mother when he was really sick. At college, Rhodey was there to check in on him when he was ill, to make sure he didn’t pass out and choke on his own vomit, with lots of grumbling which made him sound like a grizzly bear. Then there was Pepper, who bullied him back to health when necessary.
“Thanks again, Clint,” she said softly and this time when she walked away, he didn’t stop her. He watched her disappear out of the automatic doors and into the night, leaving him standing in the entrance to the ER like the idiot he was.
Steve’s face turned serious. He looked down, watching his thumb run back and forth over Tony’s knuckle. The crease was back between his eyebrows.
They applauded as Zoey claimed victory in the apple bobbing, Tony sticking his fingers in his mouth to whistle loudly. Then he jumped to his feet and found his way back to Steve, shaking his head like a dog to remove the water from his hair.
“There’s an idea, we should play strip poker,” Daniel grinned. “I haven’t seen Steve’s dick in, what, two months?”
This was it. He was going to say goodbye to Tony, and then he would never see him again. Tears blurred his vision and Steve hung his head for a moment, letting his grief wash over him.
“Can’t let what go?” Natasha asked, holding open the door for Banner before following him into the room.
Leaning forward, Steve studied the blurry image, focusing on the face of young Tony Stark. A very familiar face…
Tony raised his eyebrows. Fighting with Thor’s overdramatic ex was enough to make anyone grumpy, but even so. Clint’s attitude was unexpected.
The man grunted and turned away. Tony couldn’t blame him. Here they were, so obviously not homeless, wandering in and asking questions. If he still had access to the fortune he was born with, he would’ve given it to them without a second thought.
“JARVIS, get me an elevator,” Tony yelled, sprinting down the stairs to the first floor of the penthouse where JARVIS, bless his code, had the elevator ready and waiting to whisk him straight down to the armoury. Tony raced into the room where he kept his suits, stepping into the latest model and shooting out of what Bucky had dubbed “the trapdoor”.
Johnny peeled off his jacket carefully, wincing again when he knocked his wrist and pain shot along his arm.
Tony shrugged on his jacket and his boots, running back to turn off the TV and grabbed his phone before hurrying out of the apartment. The door clicked shut and then he realised he didn’t have keys.
“Look at you,” Tony grinned, but there was something off about his smile. “Out there making friends. Almost like a real boy. Careful, you don’t want anyone to realise you’re really made of wood.”
“Donnie here is currently engaged in a battle against Juvenile Xanthogranuloma - did I say that right?” he asked Donnie.
“Jealous? Me? When I’m the only one here who doesn’t have anyone to make out with in public?” Tony deadpanned.
Ducking into the staffroom, Steve tried to ignore the feeling of eyes following him as he crossed the room to collect his box of leftovers from the fridge.
A gentle tap on the door broke him out of his thoughts. Angie was leaning against the doorframe, a sympathetic look on her face.
Clint pretended to puke again and wondered how on earth he’d managed to get Steve Rogers so badly wrong on their first meeting. On first impression, Steve came across as a sweet, innocent guy who was devoted to his husband. Then you got to know him and discovered there was nothing sweet and innocent about him, although he was devoted to his husband. And he liked to tell you exactly how devoted he was, just to see you squirm.
Tony’s grip on his back tightened and he spun them to the side, yelling, “Hey, watch it!” to a couple oblivious of the other people on the floor. “Idiots,” Tony shook his head.
“It’s not the worst ass in the world,” she smirked. “Even if I would appreciate it more if it was on a woman.”
“It’s actually very common,” Bruce continued. “I gave her IV dextrose and here... is a list of dietary adjustments.”
Rhodey had tried to convince him not to close the door on their relationship just yet. He’d pointed out no one had said anything final yet, but Tony was pretty sure they were done.
“You know, if I was a hypocrite, I’d be telling you that you should be in medical right now,” Steve murmured.
As the sun slipped below the horizon, his phone buzzed in his pocket. Pulling it out, Steve smiled automatically when he found a message from Tony.
Then in one fluid movement, his faceplate snapped down as he raised his hand and shot Nefaria out of the window with a single repulsor blast. Behind him, Steve raised his gun, firing three shots straight into the control panel and Tony wrapped his arms around Steve, just in time to shield him from the worst of the blast as they were thrown backwards, through the air until they smacked into the water.
The elevator doors opened and Steve stormed past Tony into their bedroom, tossing his jacket onto the bed with a, “Fuck!”
An awkward silence fell, broken only by the ping of the microwave, announcing that Steve’s pasta was done.
Steve knew better than to try to ignore the pain because he’d tried that once; Tony freaked out when he found out and begged Steve never to do it again because he hated the idea of hurting Steve, even inadvertently. Plus, Tony turned into the worst kind of mother hen when Steve was sick or hurt. At first, Steve thought it was cute, but then he caught the flu in their first year of dating and discovered it absolutely was not cute. Being a doctor didn’t stop Tony from freaking out, even for a mild flu.
But today Clint’s expression looked, well, not normal - and not just because Clint Barton never looked normal - but less shuttered.
Steve’s hand snaked into Tony’s pants and under his boxers, until his hand was wrapped around Tony’s dick and
Steve sat back on his heels, watching Tony’s chest heave as he came down, squeezing his own cock to try and ward off his own orgasm because he would really like to get Tony’s hands on him before he came, after all the teasing at the club.
is a mansion built by American businessman Howard Stark in 1978 in the Hollywood Hills. Stark and his wife, Dr. Maria Stark, lived in the house from its completion to their deaths in 2011. Due to its decor, the mansion received the nickname ‘The Mermaid House’.
Steve watched her go. Exhaling heavily, he stuck his forefinger beneath his glasses to swipe under his eyes then swallowed, turning back to the box that he was going to have to repack for the fifth time.
A brief twinge of nerves jolted through Steve as he padded down the steps into the briefing room, spotting a black-suited man standing before a bank of screens with folded arms who must be Agent Coulson.
Tony didn’t even bother correcting him. Marco was his friend, even if he did betray him to Stane. “No. He was good, but not this good. I don’t know who the Maggia has working for them. But they might even be better than me."
“It wasn’t me,” Tony sighed, dropping a slice of butter into the skillet. “It was Foggy and Marci. With help from Bucky.”
“Turns out they don’t approve of you cheering from the gallery,” Steve shrugged. “Totally worth it though. Peg was killing it.”
He had to destroy this. There was no way he could leave this information where anyone could find it. If he could figure out there was a hidden doorway, then someone else could too.
The shaky footage was filled with smoke and fire and debris. It looked like something out of a B-rate action movie, only it was worse because it was real and Tony was somewhere in there. Fear gripped Steve as he silently begged for some sign that Tony was alright.
Steve’s traitorous heart jumped, but his brain reminded it that Tony didn’t mean it. He was only offering to distract Steve from discussing Stane - for reasons Steve was almost afraid to contemplate. Under normal circumstances, he would never offer something like that. Because Tony was smart. He wasn’t stupid enough to fall for someone like Steve.
“Maria Hill. Paramedic. This way.” She led Stark down the road towards the accident, ducking below the police tape. “The driver said the Buick came out of nowhere, driving on the wrong side of the road and-”
“Tony, I really like you,” he admitted. “I gotta be honest, my last relationship - which I do not talk about - it ended… I can’t even say it ended badly, because it just ended. And I never got an explanation. And it’s not that I think you’ll do that, I don’t, I just… I’m wary.”
“I’m having coffee with this guy that I really like, and I need you to tell me what to wear,” Steve blurted out.
Natasha nodded, scrolling through the medical history of - she glanced at the name - Wade Wilson. “Okay. And?”
It was strange, seeing Steve in a quinjet, surrounded by the Avengers in their suits. But, perhaps strangest of all, was how easily he fitted in. Almost as though he was supposed to be there.
“Stop copying Clint,” he scolded. “Just because he throws himself off of things doesn’t mean you can.”
He was sitting on the floor, watching Ellie glare up at the plush dragon that Steve was holding over her. He pulled the dragon down, grinning as Ellie’s frown fell away, her mouth opening in a little ‘o’, when the dragon’s wings began to flap and the music began to play.
“Come on,” Steve murmured, bumping Tony’s shoulder with his own before heading across the grass to join Arnie and Ellie. “Easy there, birthday girl,” he laughed as Ellie, stumbled in a circle, sitting down with a heavy bump. Her eyes looked unfocused for a moment then her face brightened up and she grinned up at him.
They listened to the sound of her heels fade away, then Coulson said, “There’s donuts by the bar if you want them.”
This was it, he realised suddenly. This was what he thought he had seven years ago when he moved into his old apartment. Only this time he
Steve sat down on Marci’s left and tried to avoid eye contact with his father. He could feel Joseph watching him and he knew, he just knew Joseph was smirking in triumph, believing that he’d won.
thing. It’s hard, watching him fly off and knowing he could get hurt and there’s nothing I can do to protect him.”
“She did. She looks like butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth, but that girl is vicious when challenged. Do not challenge her to a fight, you will lose. I’m willing to bet she could take down Bucky. Maybe even Thor. She’s badass.”
God, he hoped Clint just had a concussion, although Tony doubted it. He was pretty sure that, apart from the teeth, personally he had a broken rib or two. Or bruised ones. Either way, they hurt like a bitch. There was a cut on his eyebrow and from the red dripping into the edge of his vision, Tony guessed it was bleeding again. Everything ached and he was one hundred percent done with it all.
Steve’s car was so old, it didn’t have air conditioning. He liked to joke that the air con was opening both windows and letting the wind whip through the car while he was driving. But today, even that brought little relief. He wasn’t looking forward to scrubbing the pool in this heat, but at least he would see Tony. When had seeing Tony become the bright spot in his day, Steve wondered, locking the car and trekking up the trail towards the Stark Mansion. At some point their discourse had turned from pointed barbs into a comfortable familiarity. And despite the fact Steve felt like shit, staying at home had never really been an option today, because he wanted to see Tony.
Tony threw back his head as a bark of laughter escaped him, before descending into giggles when he caught sight of Steve’s peeved expression.
Climbing to his feet, Steve dusted himself off. He winced as he made his way back up to the car, as what felt like half the sand on the beach snuck its way into his sneakers. At the edge of the sand, Steve turned back, taking one final look at the sea.
“Drawing,” Steve replied immediately. “Even if I am a perfectionist. And twice a week Peggy and I go to martial arts classes. I don’t find the gym motivating, but being attacked by Peggy would motivate anyone!”
Tony’s laughter followed him out of the house. The thought of searching the grounds - and there was a lot of ground to cover - looking for a generator was stupidly intimidating. Rationally, Steve knew it wouldn’t take that much effort, but his brain continued to whisper to him to just give up, just forget about it, because doing nothing would be
This was probably a bad idea, Steve knew that, but he was still doing it. He pulled up YouTube and typed
“Technically, yes,” Tony admitted. “But if I’m not here, I’m just going to worry about him. My mind’s not going to be on the meeting, I just, I can’t, Pepper. Sorry. If you really want me there, I can call in but be prepared for me to disappear suddenly if he throws up again.”
Finishing his sketch of Tony, Steve flicked to a new page, but the blank white expanse was strangely intimidating as always. He stared at the coastline, drinking in the cliffs and crags and the waves breaking against the rocks and an idea began to form. Bending over the page, Steve let his pencil sketch out an outline. Slowly the design and the idea took shape, and Steve found himself smiling at the idea.
The sky was still dark outside the windows, the stars hidden by light pollution, and the common floor was shrouded in darkness, shadows looming from every direction. Even without JARVIS’ directions, Steve would’ve found the briefing room easily; it was the only room lit up.
Tony laughed, his heart swelling with love for this ridiculous man he was completely and utterly head over heels for.
Coulson shrugged. “And as for watching people you love in danger, that’s hard whether they’re a superhero, or an ordinary person in a car accident or fighting cancer. Life isn’t easy. But that pain means you love them. I guess you have to ask yourself if you’d rather love them, pain and all, or be alone.”
Pulling out his phone, Steve hit call on Tony’s number. His heart thumped in his ears as he listened to the phone ring out.
Tony and Bucky were simply back up for this operation, just in case something went wrong and Clint and Natasha needed a quick extraction. Tony could be in the air in seconds, and Captain America gave a certain level of gravity to any situation.
Finally, after six days, the jury returned with a decision. Steve, Tony and Bucky filed into the courtroom. Steve felt jittery and cold, despite the fact the courtroom was almost stifling thanks to the summer heat.
The toy was a gift from Tony, like so many of Ellie’s things. From the moment he saw her, Tony had offered her his world without hesitation and Steve wanted to believe it meant something, he did, but-
Evie Rose raced into the room in a rumble of feet and flying limbs, skidding to a stop and dramatically throwing herself into the empty chair next to Steve.
“Yeah, sure thing. No problem,” Tony agreed. He bent to pick Ellie up from the floor. “Come on, gorgeous. You wanna hang out with me for a while?”
“Are you coming to English’s tonight?” Angie asked, changing the subject and flicking one final piece of cucumber across the desk at him. “Or are you gonna go make out with your boyfriend instead?”
“Better,” Steve replied, watching Tony’s reactions carefully. “Apparently he’s on some drug trial that’s having good results so far.”
“My explanations are flawless,” Tony sniffed. “I just worry about your tiny human brain. We’re not exactly operating on the same level.”
Returning to the elevator, Steve headed down to the communal floors. He found Bucky in the kitchen, while Bruce sat at the dining table reading something on his tablet, unaware that Natasha was stealing his sandwich while his attention was elsewhere.
He ducked into a cabin when he heard footsteps on the stairs, watching through the crack at the edge of the door for the crew member to pass. Leaning out slowly, Steve watched the crew member descend to a lower deck, then darted up the stairs.
“I have something for you, bubeleh,” Arnie told Ellie, pulling a small box from his pocket and handing it to her. “Happy birthday, darling.”
One hot shower and a plate of eggs Benedict later, he felt much more alive. Tony headed downstairs to the lab, coffee in hand, looking forward to a day of just being Tony Stark, inventor, rather than Tony Stark, superhero. Being Iron Man had its good points of course, but sometimes it was fun just to mess around in the lab for a day, coming up with all sorts of mad ideas to throw at his minions in R&D so he could watch their heads explode.
“Better. Maybe. I don’t know,” Steve sighed. “I feel like shit. I’m all sweaty and it’s making me feel worse. I want a shower but I can’t.”
Clint snorted. He’d been called a lot of things over the years, but a good man was rarely one of them. And he wasn’t sure he believed her.
He leaned in and kissed Steve slowly, winding his fingers into his hair and pouring everything he felt into the kiss.
The water was green and murky, but even so it was obvious that this was no paddling pool. According to the building plans, the pool was almost eight feet deep at its deepest point. The architectural designs were a thing of beauty, in order to support the weight of that much water. He dipped the toe of his boot into the murky water, running it back and forth and watching the water swirl.
They headed for a coffee shop down the block, which Steve instantly fell in love with, due to its name: The Jolly Goat. He snapped a picture of the sign to send to Peggy, Angie and Daniel with a suggestion they check it out the next time they were in Manhattan, then followed Matt and Bucky inside.
“Surely someone would’ve heard a big ass explosion,” Tony frowned, climbing slowly to his feet. His head swam before levelling out.
Steve snorted. He hung back while Daniel bought the scarf, pulling his phone from his pocket and scrolling through Tumblr while he waited.
“There’s no fire,” Scott assured him. “But Hope just went on a date with Dodgy Darren. Can you believe that?”
Steve gasped for air, his chest heaving as his lungs welcomed the rush of oxygen. Suddenly, his clothes and boots felt heavy, dragging him back underwater. Steve grabbed to Tony’s shoulders for balance and felt Tony’s strong hands holding him up at the waist.
Just as Steve finished eating, Ellie started to squirm, making quiet mewling noises that quickly grew in volume.
“Darren,” Clint exclaimed with false cheer, once he finally tracked Cross down to the cafeteria. “My man!”
“The code has a code,” Clint explained, resting his unshaven cheek against his fist. “And that code has code. And then
“So tonight’s the night you make your move?” Tony asked. His fingers drew small circles in Steve’s hip.
“Yeah,” Clint grinned lopsidedly. “In the middle of the Battle of New York. You didn’t know me. I just turned up with Cap and Tasha, and the last thing you knew, I was shooting at you. But you never even blinked at me suddenly being on your side.”
“Yeah,” Tony nodded. “I know we still have some Maggia traces out there, but if he’s looking at deportation maybe Nefaria’ll start talking a bit more.”
A small smile spread across his face and suddenly Steve didn’t care about his own feelings. It didn’t matter, because Tony would be free.
Batroc clenched his jaw and leaned back. A flash of pain burst across his face; the movement pulled on the wound, no doubt.
“Come on, Rogers,” he muttered, flicking on the shower before stripping out of his pyjama pants. “You can do this.”
“The Boniboo. About yea big,” Thor explained, spreading his arms, “Green and slimy with stubby little legs and vicious claws. Adorable creatures.”
Sitting on top of a filing cabinet, hidden behind a stack of files and a drinks tray covered in half or near empty bottles, he found a gold photo frame. Wiping the dust away with his thumbs, Steve shook his head as his suspicions were confirmed: Howard and a younger, thinner Obadiah Stane sat on the edge of the pool, drinks in hand, grinning at the camera. And pinned to Howard’s side by an arm around his shoulder was Tony.
In hindsight, going to a bar after all that probably wasn’t the best plan he’d ever had. But Steve changed his clothes, swapped his glasses for his contacts, and headed out to catch the F train to Manhattan to meet Tony and Bucky at Josie’s, even if he did still feel a little off.
Once he had a dry shirt, Steve went in search of Tony and Ellie, and found them in Ellie’s room. Tony was sitting in the rocker in the corner of the room, with Ellie on his lap, still wrapped in her towel, her blonde hair half plastered to her head and half sticking up wildly, murmuring quietly to her.
Tony and MJ stood in the parking lot across the street from the overpass. Tony shoved his hands in his pockets, hating how unprotected he felt out in the open like this. It would be fine if he was alone, but he had a kid under his care and that was a terrifying thought.
“Uh, probably the time I got arrested for public nudity which, now that I think about it, is a story I
Steve glanced from left to right, at his hands wrapped around Steve’s biceps; when he looked back at Tony, his pupils were blown, his mouth falling open.
Steve tried to swallow, but his mouth was suddenly dry as dust. Nefaria’s mouth curled up into a smirk and Steve could see him standing over him on the
It was strange seeing three am from the other side, Steve decided. In the past few months, he rarely went to bed before three am, despite knowing that in the morning he would regret it. But when his alarm went off, he stabbed at his phone until it was silent. Yawning widely, Steve rolled over, his feet hitting the ground and jerking his eyes open.
Steve jogged up the two flights of stairs to the master suite, heading straight into the walk-in wardrobe to dump his bag. Although, walk-in wardrobe was kind of a misnomer considering it was at least two thirds the size of Steve’s bedroom at home.
“No, here,” Tony sighed, taking out a tissue at pressing it gently to Steve’s cheek. “You are such a mess.”
Steve lifted his head, taking in Tony’s passive expression as he tried to pretend he was entirely nonchalant about the whole thing.
He stood in the hallway and tried to collect himself. There were always paparazzi lingering outside, especially since they caught wind of him moving in with Tony, and the last thing he wanted was pictures of his teary face all over the internet. Taking several deep breaths, Steve headed towards the stairs, walking down slowly until he reached the front door.
Tony stretched across the bed, leaning behind Steve to reach the other drawer, letting out a small, “Ah ha!” of triumph when he came back with the plastic bottle. “I’m assuming you want me to fuck you,” he added, sitting back against the headboard.
They decided to take the picture on the communal floor, only partly because Steve had long ago accepted that living with a pup under a year old meant that his apartment was never tidy and the chances of him getting it presentable for the photo were next to zero. So he and Ellie made their way upstairs to the communal floor, where the rest of the team was waiting.
“I told him my nose was itchy,” Steve shrugged. “I annoyed him into helping me and when he came close enough, I knocked him out. I took his gun and his glasses and I made my way through the boat until I met Tony in the Iron Man suit.”
“Damn,” Bucky sighed. “I swear, moving them outta Brooklyn was wrong. But moving ‘em to LA was a goddamn crime. I mean, goddammit,
“Completely gorgeous,” Steve added, before leaning forward and lowering his voice. “And, uh, last night, was very hot.”
Steve was so intoxicated by Tony’s words, he almost didn’t notice Tony pushing a second finger into him. As Tony scissored his fingers, Steve gripped Tony’s hair and admitted to himself that, okay, yeah, he loved this too. He loved watching Tony’s pupils get blown wide, loved hearing his breath hitch, loved everything which showed Tony was just as affected as Steve himself was.
“But I heard about it through the grapevine. Haven’t seen him since we left for our oh-so luxurious honeymoon.”
Peggy and Daniel couldn’t get a babysitter at such short notice and both had court the following day so they declined the invite, but Angie replied enthusiastically so Tony sent a driver to pick her up. Bucky was already at Matt’s for the night and Foggy also had court the next day, so they were out, and there was no reply from Clint, who wasn’t in the building. But Natasha accepted the invitation and announced that Bruce would be joining them too.
Steve held open the locker room door for her, wondering who it could be. He’d worked with so many people over the years, especially after marrying Tony and following around the country to different postings. There were a number of them he would be thrilled to work with again, and just as many that he would have to grit his teeth to get through the next two weeks.
“Wow,” Tony beamed, pushing himself off of the car and crossing the sidewalk towards Steve. “Wow, look at you. You look incredible.”
“Yeah? Cause it looks like you’re judging me. What do you want me to say? I wasn’t exactly in a good place back then,” he snapped.
Pressing a kiss into Steve’s hair, Tony whispered, “I love you,” before slipping out of bed and padding through to the bathroom.
Steve shrugged. He reached out, running his fingers over the petals of the sunflowers, now in a vase on the table.
“Alright, get outta here,” Steve told them. “Enjoy your vacation. Oh. And, I’m kidding about the test.”
“Yeah. I got that part. I gotta stop getting blown up,” Tony winced, rubbing the back of his neck. “It’s bad for my health. Ow.” His eyes flew open. “Steve! Where’s-”
“He does that,” Tony shrugged. He took Steve’s hand, tugging him into the booth behind him, entwining their fingers, because right then, Tony didn’t feel like ever letting Steve go again, and that was just ridiculous because he’d only been gone four days, and they hadn’t even been dating that long. “Steve, meet Bucky Barnes, national icon and asshole. Bucky, meet Steve.”
“Now, in fairness, you wouldn’t still be gambling,” Tony interrupted. “Because for a gambling addict, you are terrible at it and they would’ve thrown your broke-ass out hours ago.”
If he was very, very lucky, maybe they’d even be going back to the tower to their penthouse together, or even a place in Brooklyn.
“If you’re gonna bullshit me, at least do it well.” Bucky folded his arms. “Come on, Rogers, Something’s going on. Talk to me.”
“What happened?” Daniel asked, hopping up onto the bar stool. “And why did I have to come to Manhattan to talk to you about it?”
Could he fake a heart attack? Clint wondered before dismissing it, because he was in a room full of doctors and nurses; it would never work.
Tony gasped. Steve laughed, then yelped and tried to squirm away from Tony’s hands, which were on a mission to find his ticklish spots.
“She can have it,” Tony declared fervently and Steve abandoned his attempt to rescue the tie from Ellie’s clutches. “She can have every tie in my wardrobe if she wants it. Yes, yes, you can,” he told Ellie. “All yours. All you gotta do is look at me with those baby blues. Uh huh. You’re very clever, Ellie. Yes, you are.”
Picking up his mug and his pasta, Steve left the staffroom and headed back towards his classroom, biting back a growl when he heard a small voice gasp, “That’s him!”
The three of them followed her directions. Tony swallowed and breathed slowly, the smell growing stronger further under the overpass. He noticed MJ ducking her head and fighting not to cover her nose.
“Natasha gets a cat, because she is a functional human being who knows how to take care of herself,” Tony explained.
Steve found himself glancing around, wondering if any of them knew Howard and what they would think if they knew he’d kept a mer captive in his pool. A chill ran down his spine. Maybe some of them did know.
“Alright. Which way…” he wondered. “This one,” he decided, setting off down the corridor to the left of the front door.
He climbed onto the bed, knee-walking across the mattress and leaned down to meet Steve in a gentle kiss, his dog tags jangling quietly between them.
“Actually, I think I’m gonna walk and take the bus,” Bruce replied. “I need some time to think and… convince myself I’m not dreaming.”
“What are you doing here, Stark?” Coulson asked. “Usually we have to drag you in for meetings and suddenly you’re here of your own free will?”
“Oh yeah,” Tony nodded. “We got our invites to the opening night last week. Whole team. I hope you have a tux, because I’m going to need a plus one come April.”
Steve chuckled and set off towards the staff parking lot. As he crossed the lot to his bike, the hair on the back of his neck stood up and he felt like someone was watching him again. He glanced around, but couldn’t see anyone.
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw Steve glance around the room nervously, his eyes lingering on the guy who was holding what looked like an opossum.
Tony hummed and held up a finger, making them all wait as he read slowly through the contract. Steve bit the inside of his cheeks, trying to stop himself from laughing. Between Tony’s whole act and Marci’s innocently serene expression, he just wanted to laugh.
“I don’t know about fishy, but it’s boring,” Angie muttered. “Seriously, we could’ve been told this in an email.”
“If you value your life, that better not be the last banana nut,” Natasha warned, without looking up.
“Fine. I’ll meet you in the lobby in five minute,” he replied. “Go straight there, Stark, do not try to worm your way into the research department again. I mean it. They’ve all been warned against letting you anywhere near it unless you have permission.”
The door opened again, and Clint wondered if it was Stark and if they were about to have an epic showdown, the kind which would be written into ER and hospital legend, told to generations of interns to come.
“Honey, I’m a billionaire,” Tony said, the smile audible in his voice. “It’s very sweet, but not a problem. I know you, and I’ve known people who are after my money. And that’s not you. The day you start showing an interest in my money is the day I know you’ve been taken over by a pod person. So if you want to quit, want to look for a job where they treat you right, then I am behind you one hundred percent. Okay?”
“Can’t believe you two idiots managed to mess this up,” Matt sighed, pointing between Bucky and Tony.
Once dressed, he grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge, hesitated over his bag of Red Vines before taking a bag of trail mix instead - Rhodey’s warning of scurvy ringing in his ears - and stuffed them into his backpack. Steve picked up his keys and felt his hesitation return as he reached the door. It would be so easy to turn around, sit back down on the couch and turn the TV back on. Going outside, driving up to Hollywood Hills, that took time and effort and Steve wasn’t sure it was worth it. The Mermaid House would still be there tomorrow.
Steve grinned, watching the lines of Tony’s face crease as he laughed, loving the way his eyes lit up like he was still the carefree med student Steve first fell in love with. Dropping his head, he placed a tiny kiss against Tony’s collarbone. “So. What happened?”
He hurried through his nightly routine, making sure to grab a damp cloth for cleanup before he returned to the bedroom so they didn’t have to sneak back and risk scarring Fury’s daughter for life if she decided to go to the bathroom.
Once Angie disappeared into the bathroom, Tony retrieved his phone from the bedroom, carefully pressing his wrist against Steve’s forehead to check he wasn’t burning up again, before returning to the living room and calling Pepper.
“Excuse me.” They turned to the woman leaning over the nurses’ station, pushing her hair out of her face and trying to catch her breath. “I’m looking for my nephew, he was brought in after a motorcycle accident. A
Evie Rose shifted, standing on the top of Tony’s feet. Tony caught her hands; Evie Rose leaned back, using Tony’s weight as a counterbalance. Tony was struck by the memory of doing the exact same thing with Ana when he was Evie Rose’s age.
“Boring work stuff, really not that interesting,” Tony shrugged. “What did I miss while I was gone?”
Steve stared at him, unable to believe that Tony was really here. His fingers itched to reach out and touch him, to check that yes, Tony was here and real and Steve didn’t need to make an emergency call to Dr. Cho about his impending mental breakdown.
“Maybe you should threaten to tase him until he drools and then watch Supernanny?” Coulson suggested, his lips twitching. “I’ve heard that works wonders.”
“However, their evening did not go as planned. At nine seventeen that evening, Castello Malvagio was blown up, injuring two hundred and thirty eight guests and staff and leaving everyone traumatised and confused.
“L&L’s,” Hope agreed, probably too quickly, but Clint was too busy muttering under his breath to notice.
Finally the fight began to wind down, after Thor electrocuted a row of Dreadnoughts with one bolt of lightning. Steve let out a shaky breath as he watched them switch from fighting to clean up.
The pressure built low in Tony’s gut, he slammed into Steve once, twice, then on the third thrust he came with a shaky gasp. Time slowed, and Steve moaned below him.
“It's cool,” Lorna insisted, although from his expression, Charles felt differently. “Charles, can I watch a movie on your phone?”
“I’m willing to make an exception on a case by case basis,” Tony whispered, stroking Steve’s cheek with his thumb, and the look in his eyes was so intense, so full of… something that Steve was almost afraid to name after only two kisses that he had to lean forward and make it three.
The students let out a sigh of relief and began filing out of the room, some waving and wishing him a good holiday while the rest eyed him with suspicion just in case he was bluffing about the test.
(It wasn’t breaking and entering, because he also knew how to lock them again. Technically speaking.)
“No, into Matty’s place,” Tony teased, giggling when Steve jabbed him with his elbow. “Sorry, honey, couldn’t resist.”
Steve jumped, whirling around to find Obadiah Stane towering over him. Not that Stane was taller than Steve - very few people were taller than Steve - but there was something about him that made Steve feel small again. Maybe it was the arrogant little smile playing about his lips. Maybe it was the tilt of his head, which screamed power and control. Maybe it was the way he stood a little too close to Steve, considering they were strangers and there was a good three feet between them and anyone else in the room.
Working on a hunch, Tony looked up the Guiletta on AIS, staring at her dark blue dot in the Hudson, inching towards the Atlantic.
Steve jerked awake, squinting as he tried to figure out where the noise was coming from. Then he remembered he was at the Tower, and reached for Tony only to find the other side of the bed empty.
Tony remained silent. He took a deep breath, his chest rising beneath Steve’s head, before answering, “Sometimes I wonder if I made the right choice. Bringing you into my world. I’m scared something’s going to happen to you.”
His frown deepened as he continued to read, followed by panic as he made his way through the documents. Documents that belonged to Howard Stark, proving how he’d had Tony registered as his biological son. Everything was in there, from the birth certificate to social security number, giving Stane everything he needed to bring Howard and Tony down.
“Your friend is right,” Natasha interjected. “If it’s all the same to you, I’d feel better if we could run some tests and do a cardiac catheterisation to see what’s going on with your heart. But I promise, we’ll try to get you out of here as soon as possible.”
“It’s your choice,” she continued. “We can attempt the operation if that’s what you want, but the chances of you surviving are slim. If you decide against the surgery, there are options we can discuss to make you comfortable, so you can enjoy the time you have left. I’ll give you some time to consider your options. If you want any more information, just press the call button and ask a nurse to fetch me.”
As soon as the doors slid open, Steve hurried ahead. Tony watched him go with an ache in his heart. He wanted nothing more than to wrap Steve up in his arms and promise that nothing would ever hurt him again, but Tony knew he couldn’t do that. There were some promises he knew better than to make.
The corner of Steve’s mouth twitched upward and he gave Tony a sympathetic smile. He found himself getting lost in Tony’s eyes; the bright sparkling blue contrasting with the rich gold-flecked brown, and Steve wasn’t sure which one was his favourite. They were beautiful, Tony’s eyes, and so expressive.
It was as though all the air was sucked out of the room. Tony stared in horror as Wilson drew a litany of curved Ms in the dust on the floor.
Finally, finally, Tony closed the gap between them, kissing him slowly, deeply, his knuckles brushing against Steve’s dick through his slacks. Steve’s breath caught, and he had to bite back the groan inching its way up his throat. It was only the knowledge that Happy was in the front seat which stopped him from throwing himself at Tony.
“Take a picture, it’ll last longer,” Tony called and Steve realised he was staring. Embarrassment flooded his veins. Steve flushed, ducking his head and tried to ignore the way his throat felt like it was closing up.
Tony wanted to object, wanted to tell Bucky to fuck that because he needed to know where Steve was and if he was okay, but he swallowed his pride and nodded.
“Wouldn’t it be a shame if Tony had his licence revoked? But then, drug relapse, there’s no other choice, is there? Missing drugs from the hospital. Again. Once is a mistake, twice is a pattern.”
Steve laughed but obliged, kissing Tony until he wished that he was ten years younger and could go again that quickly.
Bucky was the only person who’d ever been able to make him feel better simply by being there, and even then it could be hit or miss. But, Steve realised as he got to work, being around Tony always made him feel better since That Day. Their arguing and constant attempts to wind each other up kept him going in a way nothing else had in over a year.
As he headed back down to the ER, he thought to himself that those retirement papers were starting to look pretty appealing.
“Guess you will,” Tony replied. He turned and began to walk away, when Pym’s voice called out and stopped him short.
“Let us put the hell-spawn to bed and we’ll be right back,” Peggy told them. “Girls! Bed time! I know, I know,” she added when her announcement was met by complaints. “Let’s go.”
He plucked the condom from Steve’s trembling fingers, then sat back, removing his fingers. Steve whined at the loss, the sound sending a thrill through Tony.
“Come on,” Tony grinned, taking Steve’s hand and tugging him towards the door. “Let’s go get your pup and we can go upstairs and, I don’t know, do whatever she wants. And then tonight, we can… Unless you want to go out first?”
“You… You picked your handcuffs?” Tony echoed slowly. His brain was currently short-circuiting as images far too distracting and entirely inappropriate for their current circumstances flashed across his mind.
“Barnes, seriously? Don’t we have enough broken glass around here without you and your super strength destroying my lab?”
“Steve said that,” Tony smiled to himself. “Last week. We, uh, we had the kids talk. And the marriage talk.”
“An actual date sounds great,” Steve interrupted. “I’m free pretty much any time until September, so it’s whatever works for you.”
It was soft and hesitant and sent shivers down Steve’s spine and most importantly, over far too soon.
“Okay. Have a good day, or if you can’t have a good day, have a survivable one,” Tony said, following Steve back to the elevator. “I’ll see you tonight.”
Tony turned and found a group of tracksuited thugs crossing the warehouse. Most of them wore the same maroon and yellow monstrosity as the ones from the apartment, but the one in the middle wore an all white ensemble that frankly made his eyes burn.
“You wanna dance?” Tony asked, leaning close. He didn’t really need to lean in, Steve could hear him perfectly well even over the music, which meant he was doing it just to be closer to Steve. A frisson of excitement danced up Steve’s spine.
“Maybe,” Dr Romanoff shrugged. “Maybe not. As much as we wish we were, doctors are miracle workers, Bruce. There’s only so much we can do. One of the hardest lessons to learn as a doctor is, sometimes, there’s nothing we can do. I have a patient waiting but if you need anything, just page me.”
“Okay,” Steve exhaled, climbing into the driver’s seat. “I think I know a beach that should be pretty quiet. It’s about a forty minute drive, but I’ll go as fast as I can.”
“Oh my God. Wha- What am I supposed to tell her son?” Bruce demanded, a look of horror overcoming his features. “Loki Borson insisted that I find out what’s wrong and they fund the residency programme here! If I get this wrong, I could lose my job.”
“Three weeks, I think,” Clint replied. He peered around the corner; Steve was biting his nails, his muscles bunched with all the tension in his frame.
This is the chapter I most looked forward to writing and there was a certain scene I had in my head from the very beginning of thinking about this fic.
“No,” Stane said eventually, throwing Steve momentarily off balance. “Tony isn’t around. He was never made for this world.”
When he was done, Tony tossed the cloth onto his pile of dirty clothes to be dealt with when they woke up. He lay back, half across the pillows, and Steve instantly tucked himself into his side, leaning his head against Tony’s collarbone and throwing an arm across his waist.
“Easy,” Tony murmured, scraping his teeth down Steve’s neck. It did nothing to curtail the need and want rushing through him. Tony sucked on the skin beneath his ear and Steve relaxed a little because,
“He says as though that’s a deterrent,” Foggy interjected. “When we all know Matt not-so-secretly loves Cap’s caveman routine.”
“The old lady,” Clint replied, nodding to an elderly woman in a golden gown who was dancing to music only she could hear in the middle of the waiting room.
Steve had a freckle, just below his lower lip. He’d noticed it the first time he kissed Steve and felt a sudden urge to kiss it. And there was no reason why he couldn’t.
“Thanks,” Angie whispered. “Good luck, Steve. I really hope it works out for you. You got yourself a good one.”
So of course, when he woke the next morning, it made perfect sense that Steve felt like complete and utter shit. Silencing his alarm, he pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes before dropping his arms. He stared at the watermark on the ceiling, then rolled out of bed with a groan, no matter how tempting it was to lie down again and go back to sleep.
Steve lifted his head, looking Tony in the eye. Nerves twisted in Tony’s gut as he wondered where Steve was going with this. He wouldn’t break up with him, would he? It seemed unlikely, but Tony had been burned too many times before.
“I should’ve had champagne or something,” Tony decided, drizzling oil into the frying pan. “To celebrate your first night living here.”
Turning back to the staircase, Steve made his way upstairs with a thrill of excitement. He glanced into the first open door and instantly did a double take.
He flew across the city as fast as he could, landing on the roof of Clint’s building with a thump. The suit split open and Tony raced towards the door, yanking it open and hurrying down the stairs as quickly and quietly as he could. He didn’t see anything from the air and there were no signs of disturbance but he knew that appearances could be deceiving.
Then Tony was there in front of him again and Steve reached for him, his fingers tangling with Tony’s, and Tony pulled him out of the overhang. Steve kicked his feet, helping Tony propel them upwards - not that Tony needed the help - and finally they burst through the surface.
“Gee, I wonder why?” Steve frowned in mock confusion. “Maybe because you only turn up when you want something. It’s not bail money, obviously, so what is it?”
Throughout Steve’s speech, Tony’s expression remained impassive, clearly listening to every word, but showing no reaction, which left Steve a bundle of nerves. Had he just screwed up the best relationship he’d ever been in?
“Well kids, looks like it’s almost your bedtime,” Bucky announced. “Some of us still have court tomorrow.”
Sharon took a deep breath and tried to quash the churning in her gut, the nausea caused by her argument with Nat. At least, she hoped the argument was the cause of her nausea. Pasting a bright smile on her face, she stepped into the room where her next patient was waiting.
And to my future readers, who are reading this once it's complete: thank you so much for reminding me that my fics don't disappear into oblivion once I finish posting. You are also amazing and I love you too ❤️
“I mean, you did just give me your company. And your house. And a lot of money,” Steve pointed out, smiling at the weak joke.
“I’m in my last year,” Rhodey explained. “I’m doing a placement with Stark Industries at the moment, which should hopefully lead to a military liaison position after I graduate.”
Steve bristled. “Yeah, I’m a fucking mess, and I have terrible coping mechanisms. Back then I fucked my way through half of LA. And now I’m here, out of my depth and trying to save someone who hates my guts. I’m an idiot. I know.”
Tony pulled him to his feet, not that Steve put up much of a resistance, keeping their hands entwined as they crossed the penthouse to the elevator. Tony gave him another reassuring smile as the doors opened and Steve tried to look confident.
Steve held out his hand and Tony took his gladly, winding their fingers together and squeezing it gently.
“What isn’t?” Tony teased, tightening the knot at the bottom of his throat before grabbing a matching vest from the hanger and pulling it on.
“That doesn’t surprise me,” Tony smiled, scraping his teeth gently over the sensitive skin beneath Steve’s ear. Steve shivered, his fingers digging into Tony’s shoulders. Tony chuckled, low and dirty, teasing Steve’s earlobe between his teeth. Steve’s hips jerked forward and Tony’s hands pressed him forward so he was leaning into Tony’s chest.
Tony was striking, and not just because of his mismatched eyes or the gills on his neck. Even though Steve had looked at him multiple times before, it was only now that it really started to sink in how stunning he was.
Exhaling slowly, he returned to the list and began scrolling, trying very hard not to be intimidated by the fact it was five pages long. Discomfort rolled beneath his skin like waves on the beach, but Steve forced himself to keep looking.
“Yes?” Stark said slowly. “Why do I feel like yes is the wrong answer? Also why am I being asked this? I mean-”
“That is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen,” Tony declared, his eyes wide in adoration as he gazed at Hannah, watching Daniel lift her onto his hip.
Ellie responded with a stream of nonsense before lunging over the arm of the chair. Steve caught her and placed her back on Arnie’s lap.
“Look, I know you think you know what kind of person Tony is,” Steve said. “But you don’t. You really don’t. Tony has nothing. He’s… He’s sick. And he’s struggling. And I just want to help him. He’s an asshole but he’s a good guy. And he doesn’t deserve the
“Alright, we need to get back to the Tower so we can suit up and find these bastards,” Bucky announced in his Captain America voice. “We’re going to find out who Big M is - and that name really doesn’t get any less ridiculous - and we’re going to take him down once and for all. And then we’re bringing Steve home.”
The Avengers finally returned around noon. As soon as he saw the Quinjet approach, Steve followed JARVIS’ directions downstairs so he was waiting when the jet pulled into the hanger. The hatch opened and Bucky was the first down the ramp, battle-tired and rumpled and looking grumpy as hell.
Tony reached out, wincing a little as his injury twinged, and cupped Steve’s cheek. Running his thumb back and forth over Steve’s cheekbone, Tony realised with sickening dread just how close he came to losing Steve.
As Ari updated him on the latest from Stark Industries and pushed the forms that Pepper needed signed in front of him, Tony tried his best to swallow his growing frustration. But it was difficult. Between Steve and the press, and Clint and his… whatever he was going through, Tony was feeling pretty damn powerless.
“I was hoping for lightning powers as compensation for staring at that soul patch for a month. Move people! Shower. Now.”
“Oh, one hundred percent,” he grinned.  “Did I ever thank you for that?” he asked, becoming serious again. “Not just for moving in, but for being… for being exactly what I needed back then. You didn’t even really know me but you did everything you could to get me through. So… thanks.”
Tony pushed further in, sinking into Steve, Steve’s mouth opening and closing in silent exclamation. Once he was fully seated, Tony let his head hang, kissing the corner of Steve’s mouth as he panted for breath.
Steve turned his head, nudging Tony’s lips with his own, before finally opening his eyes again. His pupils were blown wide as he gazed up at Tony, and Tony was almost afraid to look too closely at the motions flitting across Steve’s face. Cupping Steve’s cheek, he kissed him softly.
“They came for my tech,” he explained. “I don’t know what they wanted but they wanted my tech. And they, uh, they had an EMP. My suit… They took out my suit. And… the reactor.”
Steve swallowed. He took a sip of his tea, and he could feel Bucky and Matt watching him. Well, Bucky watching him. Matt was listening. Obviously.
Steve ran through the garden until he reached the outbuildings. Grabbing a brush, he pushed the worst of the dust and leaves off of the old Nissan he’d spotted when he went searching for the generator. He found the keys hanging on a hook inside and, after some searching, found a set of jumper cables. Pulling out his phone, Steve did a quick search to check if he could jumpstart a car from the generator, feeling a wave of relief when he discovered that he could. Connecting up the jumper cables to the generator, he hurried back outside, unlocking the car and reaching into the passenger side to pop the hood.
“Mr Stane!” Sharon gasped, scrambling off of the desk and hastily rebuttoning her shirt. “Um, I… thought you weren’t going to be back for a while.”
“To quote someone in this very room,” Stark continued, “I can do this all day. Now, this nice security officer is going to take you back into the waiting room, where you’re going to wait silently until it’s your turn. Like a good little dumbass.”
“I have a bad feeling about this,” Rhodey muttered. He tossed his keys into the bowl and crossed the room so they were face to face. Folding his arms, he raised an eyebrow. “And why do you want to do that?”
“Are you two fighting again?” Steve asked, coming up on Tony’s other side and leaning on the counter so their arms were pressed together.
He leaned his weight against Steve for a moment before stepping back and taking Steve’s hand, winding their fingers together and squeezing his hand before tugging him towards the bedroom.
Steve knew Angie was incapable of holding a conversation until she’d had at least one coffee, so they both pulled out their phones while they waited for the waitress to come back with their drinks. Steve pulled up Twitter, and noted with pride that the misogynistic troll he’d been arguing with had blocked him.
Tony pursed his lips. “I’ll be right back.” His brain itched and he needed something to soothe it, a smoke or a drink or a-
Tony stepped into his space, leaning up to kiss his cheek. Steve didn’t realise until it was too late that Tony, the sneaky bastard, was using it as an opportunity to press his wrist to Steve’s forehead.
“Definitely.” Tony licked his lips, moving his hand between Steve’s thighs to play with his balls. “You love it.”
Hooking his fingers into the waistband of Steve’s pyjama pants, Tony yanked them down, kissing Steve’s knee before patting his calf. “I’ll be right back, honey.”
“You didn’t hear it from me, but there’s some drama going on between Quill and Gamora,” Carol murmured. “Again.”
He clung to Tony as he jerked them off, setting a punishing face. It was hard, fast and so, so good. Steve’s toes curled as his breath came in ragged gasps, and he dug his fingers into Tony’s biceps.
“Ah, Dr. Romanoff!” Frigga cried, catching Natasha by the elbow as she passed. “This young man has a bright future ahead of him,” Frigga declared, waving towards Bruce. He felt himself flush.
Leaving the car behind, they made their way upstairs. When the elevator doors opened onto the penthouse, Ari was waiting, looking as wide eyed and nervous as he was the day Tony left for DC.
They were doctors. They were supposed to help people. It was right there in the job description and in the goddamn Hippocratic oath.
Tony picked up Steve’s hand, squeezing it gently, rubbing Steve’s knuckles with his thumb. His eyes began to twinkle with mischief.
“Hey Last of the Mohicans?” Tony called quietly, his voice hoarse. Clint raised his head, his forehead creased in a frown. “You okay?” Tony asked. “She didn’t get you, did she?”
Steve felt himself loosening up, becoming familiar with Tony’s body and the rhythm, and the tension of the day began to seep away.
Tony padded through the apartment, detouring past the travel crib to check on Hannah, before slipping back into bed. He rolled over, kissing Steve’s shoulder, before settling down and falling asleep once more.
In the early hours of the morning, Tony blinked awake, wondering what caused him to wake up. He reached out, expecting to find Steve next to him, only to find empty sheets.
Steve opened the door slowly, sticking his head out in the corridor to check for guards, and rolled his eyes when he found it empty.
Steve’s chest heaved. He swallowed and clenched his jaw, before finally tugging on Stark’s hand, pulling him closer.
Steve took Tony’s hand, using it to pull himself to his feet. He was only mildly unsteady, but he would take any excuse to hold on to Tony, his usual desire to be close to his boyfriend increased tenfold by the alcohol.
Usually, when a person was caught staring, they were quick to look away or appeared shamefaced. But she just continued to stare at him with those cold, empty eyes and Steve felt his gut twist in discomfort.
A second later, Tony laughed then shook his head. “Lucky me,” he murmured. “We should mark the calendar. If I had a calendar.”
Tony turned on the spot, picking his way through the rubble, trying to put the pieces together. None of this made sense. Why set off a bomb for no other reason than to, apparently, take Steve? Tony loved Steve more than anything in the world, but that was crazy. If they wanted to take Steve, there were easier ways to do it.
“Alright, now we decided against wrangling a Hulk, mostly because it’s inside, there’s a lot of glass around here and, you know, he does have a temper issue. However, we do have Captain America himself,” he declared, patting the teenager’s shoulder and smiling at the plastic shield on his arm. “Meet Eli. And in true Captain America fashion, he makes a difference not only on the battlefield but off of it too. This year, Eli has volunteered every single Saturday to work with the New York Common Pantry, ensuring every member of his community has the food they need to survive. Stark Industries has been working with the New York Common Pantry since 2013 to ensure that no family goes hungry.
“I’m glad you didn’t wait,” Arnie said, his voice thick. “I, uh, I don’t have much time left. Probably.”
Tony poured MJ into bed, smiling when she fell asleep before her head hit the pillow. He paused for a moment, watching her face go slack, and wondered what it would feel like to do this with his own child.
Steve waited until the locker room door closed behind them then let his head drop. “Shit,” he sighed.
“I’ll be glad when it’s over,” Steve confessed. “I gotta admit, I’m not… uh, thrilled with the idea of facing my kidnapper again. You know, in the moment, I think I was running on so much adrenaline that I didn’t have time to be scared or really think about the fact that he’d kidnapped me. But then we came home and the adrenaline wore off and…” He shrugged. “I realised how close we were to everything going very differently.”
Climbing into the limo, Steve instantly cuddled up as close to Tony as his wings would allow. He breathed deeply, Tony’s hand a comforting weight, stroking up and down his thigh, inching closer and closer to his groin every time. Steve tipped his head back against the headrest, letting it fall to the side so he was gazing into Tony’s face.
The lump in Steve’s throat pressed painfully on his vocal cords, but he kept smiling for Tony’s sake.
“Yes. Yes, definitely yes,” Steve babbled, confirming he was indeed onboard, arching his back to get his chest closer to Tony’s mouth, just in case there was any doubt in Tony’s mind. Tony chuckled, laving the nipple once with his tongue, before dropping his head and sucking.
“The similarities between my client and the Avengers don’t end there. And with one Avenger in particular: Tony Stark.”
Peggy grinned, her eyes dancing with mirth, and cleared her throat. “Never have I ever… lost every single game of strip poker I’ve ever played.”
What the hell did Tony have to flinch about? He was the one who stabbed Steve. Steve was just trying to help.
“Daniel’s parents' summer house,” he said. “You know, the one we went to for the Fourth? It’s not just the place, it’s seeing my friends there. Seeing them relax and forget about their lives. Up there, we can just… be.”
There was a pause, punctuated by the sizzle of the butter in the pan, and Tony could practically hear Pepper psyching herself up.
Tony could hear the note of frustration in Steve’s voice, remembered his veto on begging, and he really didn’t want to make Steve beg if he didn’t want to. Sex where everyone involved wasn’t 100% onboard was not Tony’s thing.
“Yeah, unfortunately,” Daniel sighed. Peggy gasped and punched him in the shoulder. “Ow! I’m sorry! I’m sorry!” he laughed. “Stop it, I’m holding our baby.”
“What? They weren’t exactly handing out licenses in the middle of a war zone. You do remember that my first mission I was technically AWOL, right?”
Steve jumped to his feet. “Guess what? Same here. But you fly off, into danger, and I hate watching that. I hate it, Tony. I hate seeing you in danger. I hate seeing you hurt. I hate living in fear every time you go out in the suit. I hate wondering if this is the time you’re not gonna come back. I hate it so much. And I’m never going to stop hating it.”
“I thought you had the night off,” Natasha called, running to meet the paramedics pushing a gurney into the ER and the familiar figure with them, admittedly not in her usual paramedics uniform.
“Deal,” Steve replied and hung up. He raised an eyebrow and stared at them all individually. Without looking - mostly because he couldn’t tear his gaze from Steve and Stark - Clint knew they had to all be wearing matching expressions of incredulation.
“Have a good night, Dr. Romanoff,” he nodded before leaving the nurses’ station, only to narrowly avoid being knocked off of his feet by Nurse Lang coming out of the supply room.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “What, ancient pyjama pants and a faded t-shirt?” They were the first thing’s he’d managed to find in the boxes marked
“I’ll try to remember that,” Clint replied. “Man, depression really isn’t all it’s cracked up to be.”
He continued wandering along the perimeter of the pool, gazing up at the designs on the ceiling until something burst out of the pool and pain exploded down his leg.
Almost everyone in the lobby of Avengers’ Tower stared at them as they made their way to the Avengers’ private elevator. Steve caught Pilar’s eye and gave her an awkward smile, only to instantly regret it when it tugged painfully on his split lip.
“I don’t want rid of you,” Tony replied quickly and Steve smiled. Then, apparently realising what he’d said, Tony added, “I mean, obviously you’re human and annoying, but you’re the only entertainment I’ve got. If I don’t have you to make fun of, then I’m left with the local wildlife and those birds are assholes.”
“Harry, you didn’t happen to read an article this morning about how Tony bought me a penthouse, did you?” Steve asked, pouring water into his mug. “Because it’s not true.”
Tony shot Bucky a warning look, but it seemed he still had some sense and didn’t say anymore. Like about how Bucky had literally picked Tony off the floor in the weeks after his break up with Pepper and basically put him back together again. Captain America or not, if Bucky started talking about that, Tony would punch him in the face.
