Sherlock almost smiled. “Yes. Our parents can’t work out where they went wrong. Of course, neither of us are on a clock of any sort.”
She turned as red as a fire engine. “I – I never said –”
John laughed. “Yeah, I know, everyone makes that face, but there’s more to P.E. than being a jock and doing press-ups. At A-Level it’s closer to biology, all how the body functions and recovers. It’s a good subject.”
“You wanted to see London,” John pointed out. “You can’t say this isn’t a decent view.”
Sherlock went back to eavesdropping.
John frowned.
“Don’t let me put you off,” John said, patting his mate’s hand. “It’d be a lonely Christmas for her, with no visitors.”
Mycroft waited until the bell rang again, then straightened his waistcoat and went to the door, opening it on the chain. “Oh,” John heard him say in surprise. “Gregory. At this hour?”
Victim?
“Not really.” John picked a bit of skin off his finger. “When I was at school we got lessons about it, but I was in a mixed class and it was a bit like Sex Ed 101.”
James Moriarty had given him the one thing he never wanted. He had changed him.
“Sherlock, I love you,” John said. “I love you, and I’m sorry for leaving like I did, but I had to.”
Sherry’s lips went very thin. “My brother really is a waste of skin, sometimes.”
The texting was the only thing keeping John from going completely stir-crazy over the next few days. Mycroft banned him from leaving the house, and there was only so much time John could spend doing online quizzes or reading or watching TV.
“We… we could have had a last week of… just us.” Sherlock blushed deeper, and looked away. John could see the faded red bite-mark on his neck, and a surge of protectiveness swelled inside him.
‘Just kissing, were you?’ John’s dad laughed at the expression on his son’s face. ‘I’m not stupid, even if the Holmes’ are. But I am sorry about it all. It’s never nice, getting over a first love.’
“I thought that was boring.”
Sherlock had dipped a toe into a world without him, and it was difficult to maintain their standard level of animosity with Sherlock being aware of what things would be like if there was no Mycroft at all.
John shouted, his insides stretching in sweet fulfilment, his heart-rate slowing, and a fresh wave of cooling sweat running down his brow. Sherlock seated himself entirely inside, the swelling of his knot partially formed, sitting just at John’s prostate like a delicious bead, rubbing over the sweet spot even as they both paused, getting their breath, relishing in how this could feel so familiar, and yet so entirely different.
It was a soft, toy bee. It had a gormless smile on its face, and two dots for eyes, and six dangling string legs, but John thought it was adorable.
“He’s been on one all day,” John said, ignoring Sherlock’s offered hand as he got to his feet. “He’d rather I wasn’t here. And don’t you dare say you agree with him.”
“You think I don’t after I’m sleeping in your bed?” John smiled.
"That doesn't mean anything. Before we went into lockdown we’d have our supplies looted and traded and lost pretty consistently. Army grade bullets are pretty much all there is, around here.”
They looked at one another.
Chapter contains discussion of past abuse, and depiction of John's PTSD
The cab pulled up outside the restaurant. Greg paid before John could stop him, and they were inside and seated before he had time to even see the name of the place. But it was warm inside, and smelled divine, and it was busy. John relaxed a little as he picked up the menu.
John gave a single nod. He didn’t have any choice, but to agree.
,” he snarled once more, before drawing back to bite.
“If I could wave a wand, make it all better… Would you want me to? Put you and Victor back together?” God, even saying it hurt. As if it could happen just by John speaking about it.
There was a nasty silence.
“You’re worried about being in trouble?” he asked, eventually.
“Just be thankful it
Sherlock blinked, then blushed. “Yes.”
John focussed on his meal, and, when he was halfway through his plate, practically forgot about the bruises on his skin. But, it wasn’t to last.
“John.”
“Alfie, darling, you remember John Watson?” Sherry introduced them.
‘You made him do what, Sherlock?’
“I don’t understand why the trail has gone so cold,” Sherlock paced around the flat. “It’s quite obviously deliberate, but since he wanted my attention – what – is he now bored of it?”
“Sherlock, I know it’s strange, your body changing, but it’s nothing to get –”
“That’s kind, thank you Mycroft,” Violet smiled.
“Alright,” Sherlock said, and John knew it was a promise.
“So, what does Mycroft think?” John murmured.
“You know it does,” John said. “You know it does, Sherlock.”
“Victor,” Sherlock said, before the beta got to the door, “Victor, any time you want to…”
John laced his fingers together. He wanted to start apologising, but the nurse holding onto his wheelchair suddenly seemed very…
John chewed his lip as he looked in the estate agency window. There wasn’t much in his price-range. Less when you considered he was about to be hit with a lot of expenditures. There was no way he could consider a flat-share. As soon as they realised...
“John?” a nurse poked her head around the curtain. “John, your bus is here. The other recruits are in the car park.”
It went on for longer than he could stay silent for.
“But… when I picked you up…”
The colonel stared at Sherlock, the first truly visible reaction seen in the clenching of her jaw.
“And anyway,” Jim went on. “I’m the only
“They think I am.”
“Sure?”
“He came with me to the scan,” John said, watching Sherry finally pour the cups out and find a tray and biscuits. “And he’s given me some money…”
“It doesn’t make sense,” John interrupted. “He’s dead, why do you have to listen to him, anymore?”
John leaned on his desk. “Sherlock… you know you don’t have to do any of this?”
Sherlock was so self-absorbed and miserable, he didn’t even comment.
John smiled, and opened his mouth to speak, when the doorbell rang.
“Holidays are meant to be enjoyed, Mycroft,” Cam smiled, then made a small show of looking around. “On your own? You could have brought a guest, there are plenty of rooms.”
But Sherlock noticed.
That was sort of like therapy, wasn’t it?
"Their staff did." The boy looked at him, pale eyes flicking over John from top to toe. His face didn't change expression. "How old are you?"
“Yes,” Sherlock looked up. “God, yes, John… I don’t want to stop being friends with you. You’re my… best friend.”
“I’ve never had it,” Sherlock opened a menu of Chinese food. “Mummy said it wasn’t healthy.”
“Sherlock… I can’t go in there,” he pointed at the sign.
He could still change his mind. He could still shove on his uniform from his old school, make out his new clothes hadn’t come in time – no one would care, that much.
“That’s putting words in my mouth,” John sighed. “I said
He woke, on the Friday, early.
He didn’t want John.
John nodded, and waited until he heard Mycroft’s footsteps reach the hall before shutting the door and locking it. He wobbled over to the bed, and sat on the edge, feeling the firm un-used feel of the mattress.
“Maybe one day,” John sighed. “But not now. You’re fifteen. And that’s… Not happening.”
He reappeared in front of the hospital, his nerves on edge as they never had been in over 500 years of being a vampire. He walked inside, going to the front desk, though he could have sniffed John out just as quickly. He didn't like the smell of sanitizer.
Sherlock spoke first. ‘This can’t work, can it.’ He stated.
John’s morning sickness started at the same time as his first shifts at the GP. He managed to do most of his throwing up in the mornings, drag himself into work, and stay there until six, when he’s get the bus home and try not to fall asleep and miss his stop.
But it was enough.
There had also been John’s first heat after Lucy.
anyone
,” Sherlock drawled, letting John pull him close and scent his throat. “Hmm, I thought I was supposed to be the vampire around here?”
Mycroft tutted. “And yet they claimed not to know you were there.”
“I’m fine,” John said around the thermometer. It clinked against his teeth. “I walked the promenade, yesterday. And you’re run off your feet, sir.”
"Is that bad?"
Sherlock hadn’t finished putting in the number. He suddenly felt very hot, and cold at the same time. “May… may I sit down?”
But… surely – surely he didn’t mean John?
Sherlock looked up from where he was sitting, hunched over on a sun lounger. “Mean by what?”
John stared, unable to quite process the words coming from his alpha’s mouth. “A-alright.” He squared his shoulders, the one with the gunshot wound drawing Sherlock’s eye for a moment. That was good. It showed John was brave – hard – not to be messed with. He needed that, now. “You can get on the bed, if you’re ready.”
“Knives,” Lestrade winced. “Some bastard’s really gone for him.”
Sherlock went still. Though John couldn’t kill him, his fangs could still do serious damage. Sherlock had had to spend more than one uncomfortable night waiting for a limb to re-attach back in his early vampiric days.
Sherlock passed a finger over it, and the walker moaned again, his fingers clutching at nothing as his hips bucked up. He was redder than ever, and Sherlock felt a moment of worry - did these creatures die once they had released their sperm? - but that quickly gave way to surprise as off-white fluid erupted from the penis, accompanied by the creature's thrusts and soft moans, and the creature covering its face with its hands.
A hand wrapped around his throat from behind. He flinched.
As it was, Sherlock had agreed not to indulge. So, he pulled John from the wall, walking them to one of the bunks, where he lay John down. He spread the man’s legs and settled between them, leaning up and taking John’s lips as Sherlock fingered the hems of his boxers.
‘I did,’ she shrugged. ‘I thought about going into perfumery, but then I met your father.’ She replaced the champagne flute. ‘It’s good to seize opportunities when they’re presented to you.’
“Yes, well, gynaecology and urology students,” John shrugged. “It’s my job.”
It was like flicking a switch. One moment John was trembling with need, the next he was frozen in terror. He went icy cold, nausea bubbling in his empty stomach, his muscles going rigid in fear.
“Bugger…” Timothy stripped off his own dressing gown and wrapped his step-son in it. “Vi, I’ll run a bath.”
“He’s the strongest man I’ve ever known,” Sherlock snapped, though he clung to Sherry’s shirt, hard. “He… deserved better than this.”
“It’s ok,” the boy glanced over. He looked very young, and John wondered if he’d skipped a year.
“You need to go, Sherlock,” he insisted. “You mum will be missing you.”
“I’m… I’m…”
“I know,” Sherlock’s eyes glittered, and he thrust up his hips, seeking John’s cock again – something an omega would not do, and John had to remind himself that this boy was not one – he was something else entirely, and that meant…
There were. But Sherlock hadn’t been to any of his counselling sessions, nor his emotional support group therapy. He wanted to put his father’s death behind him, not bring it out for examination every week. But then, the letter had arrived…
Sherlock got out of the shower that evening, knotting the towel around his waist as he went over to the sinks to do his teeth. He wiped the steam away, sighing at the sight of his breasts, before getting his toothbrush.
“John?” Sherlock came back around the corner. Thankfully alone. “Dat was quick.”
“It was in hospital,” John said quickly. “There was a mix-up. It… happened.”
The monitor-band felt like it was cutting into John’s skin, but he didn’t care.
‘Of course I won’t.’
“You do, though.”
“I was thinking more along the lines of one of the… culprits.”
“That’s not something that’s changed.” John put a hand to Sherlock’s chest, where the vampire’s heart would have been beating, if he were alive. “That’s why it hurts. That’s why I want you. I’ll always want you.”
John’s heart ached as he watched what was left of the paper drift away. He’d shown Sherlock something he wanted, but could never have. Sherlock couldn’t take books into the ocean with him – they would dissolve into nothingness. But Sherlock was intelligent – he could copy the letters, and he understood that they said his name, John was sure of it. Denying him books and words now felt cruel. He reached out, and touched Sherlock’s warm, but clammy, shoulder, in sympathy. Sherlock leaned into the touch, before turning, and saying something, pointing at the paper. His face had taken on a very determined expression.
He didn’t want to speak to him.
“Yeah,” John flexed his wrists. He didn’t feel bad at all, but he could have happily slept for a year. “…sounds right.”
“How dare you?!” Siger got hold of his legs again, John’s trousers slipping down his arse. “Get back here, omega!”
Sherlock didn’t say anything. He just let Mycroft hold him for a while longer, and let the memories of the past play their horrible magic-lantern show inside his head.
Mycroft was in the kitchen when Sherlock went in, and started loading the machine. He could see what was going in, and his lips went thin.
"Go and find something to do," the vampire's voice made John jump. "You're thinking. And it's annoying. And loud."
John swallowed hard, his throat hurting.
John unpacked the bags Sherlock had brought home, feeling torn and strange.
“Oh, fuck,” John dropped to his knees, the scent almost knocking him out. “Oh, fuck. Oh. Oh, Sherlock…” he shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts. “When?”
“Sherlock…” John walked over, and took his hands. “Are you ok?”
“Probably for the best,” John said, resisting the urge to chew his lip. A party at what was described on the invite as
Except.
From inside the ambulance, Amy screamed her mate’s name.
“Stop that,” Sherlock said. “You honestly think that’s how I see you?”
He shot off the bed as though it was on fire, and over to the mirror so fast he was a blur.
Sherlock swished the water over his bump. “Ow. They want me to be further along… ow!” he flapped at John to do the timings, again, but John had closed the app, and by the time he opened it again, it was over. “Oh, fuck.” Sherlock washed more water over his bump. “Even when it’s not a contraction, it hurts. Is that normal?”
Sorry this has taken so long. Been in serious need of money-making work recently. Hope this is worth the wait! Back to a 'before' scene...
The ache subsided mildly, and John wiped a wet hand over his face, then winced as he realised what was mixed into the water.
“Yes, sir.” The car reversed, pulling out and towards the fight. As predicted, the fighting alphas moved aside, growling at the car and even trying the locked doors. It reminded John, horribly, of some sort of zombie movie.
John was not his. He could never be his. Not in the way Sherlock’s blood was up for. John would lose his baby if Sherlock were to bite him. John would be devastated. No bond in the universe would ever make that better. Sherlock was not the most important thing here.
Sherlock stared. ‘…what?’
He’d watched Sherlock set off for school, the morning after John had rudely left him alone in his room, and felt guilty about his behaviour all day. Whatever Sherlock had wanted to say, even if it was stupid and only about that weirdo old man, John knew he should have listened. That’s what you did for your friends, wasn’t it?
John shrugged.
He pelted out of bed, into the kitchen, noting the open paracetamol pack, and the wet glass. He was still here…
“You sure?”
John touched Sherlock’s nose with his own, now, smiling in the dark as Sherlock’s hands loosened, and ran down his back, stopping at the waistband of his pants. John leaned down, and gently kissed the alpha, tiny little caresses of lips on lips that sent pleasurable shivers over John’s body, made Sherlock’s hand slip beneath the elastic of John’s underwear, stroke softly at the top of the cleft of his arse.
“Good,” Sherlock didn’t seem to know what he was agreeing to as he touched the tops of John’s arms, gently squeezing the bare skin escaping from short sleeves. His soft touches and strokes sent little tingles over John’s body, making him tense and relax in little pulsing rhythms.
“He is, but I don’t think it’s like that for him. Romantic, or whatever. Doesn’t really matter what I want. And it doesn’t change anything. Unless I get discharged or shot or something, I’ve got to stay here and he’s got to leave. I’ve never been good at the long distance thing, we barely know each other as it is, and anyway and he’s always going to need to... Would it be cheating if he bit someone else? I don’t even know how it works.”
So, their after-school walks and meetings and break-ins to the science labs began to dwindle, as John forced himself to go for runs he didn’t care for, or to try and tidy the flat, or do almost anything so he was too busy to hang out.
“He… he’d changed, so much, and he’s going to be a father already, and he just… he almost didn’t recognise me!” Sherlock grabbed a fistful of John’s shirt. “Oh,
“Alright,” he said, turning to look out of the window.
And Greg Lestrade’s handgun in her grasp.
“Oh god-”
“Don’t what?”
Sherlock thought about it. “Maybe the ability to make other people understand.” He shrugged. “Or invisibility.”
‘You do realise she wouldn’t ever be interested?’ John said patiently. ‘She likes girls.’
Jim shook his head. “I don’t mean that, Mister Parker. I mean Sherlock isn’t a boy. She’s pretending. She’s a girl.”
John ran straight out, and hid behind one of the cars, as Sherlock was hauled out of the building, bucking his hips and snapping at his brother and father as he went redder and redder in the face. He was dumped into a different car, and driven off at speed.
“You think I’ll break his heart… again?” John asked, his throat on fire, his chest in a vice. “He… he broke mine! The letters –”
One, two, three, four limbs. A round head, a smooth back, knees…
John sighed. Next week there’d be real life individuals to examine, and that would be a riot. He was just gathering his briefcase, when a student stood at the back of the lecture hall. “Sh – Sherlock?”
Because Sherlock wasn’t there to get them.
He rang the bell, and gave a smile at the man who opened it. “Hello, Doctor Watson to see Sherlock?”
“Thanks, Uncle Mycroft,” John said, bitterly.
“No, I’m all Morning John!”
Sherlock hesitated, then stepped closer again, leaning down to look the little boy in the face. “You’ll stay safe, for me? When I’m gone?”
“Good,” John relaxed back into his armchair.
Sherry winced.
Not since before… oh.
“Oh yeah, when does that kick in? Before or after my teeth drop out?”
After a very long moment, Mycroft twitched his nose indignantly, and twisted on the spot as he vanished from the centre of Sherlock's flat.
Even if it would only ever be temporary.
“That’s alright,” Sherlock gave a sideways, sad sort of smile. “We could have done something more special –”
before accepting a cleansing wipe, and putting his fingers through the gap.
“You’re an omega boy,” Cam said, his voice dropping low, secretively. He looked at Sherlock as if he was afraid.
Cam smiled. “Don’t judge me too harshly, Sherlock. One man’s trash is another man’s treasure, after all.” He turned back to his desk. “I’ll arrange that scholarship for Mr Watson. It’s the least I can do for the young man. Opportunity for a fellow alpha, and I do have the time and money to spare, after all.” He looked at Sherlock. “And what will you do, next summer?”
“John, you might want a lie down when we get to the villa,” Mycroft said. He was sharing the car with John and Sherlock. “Let your stomach settle.”
you.”
Sherlock wanted to sleep.
“Sherlock, can I come in?”
He was safe.
“What do you care?” Sherlock poured out his drink and made to brush past John quickly.
“John, I am not going to get angry at you about any of this,” Sherlock said. “I can’t. That would be pointless. Emotions have never been my strong point, as you know, but this isn’t the time for us to rake one another over the coals. We need to be a united front, and pointing blame isn’t going to get either of us anywhere. There’s a baby upstairs who needs her parents ready to look after her.”
Sherlock sipped his tea to hide his discomfort with the questioning. The truth of the matter was, he couldn’t say why he wanted to help with the baby. He just… liked it. It was so far removed from what an alpha man ought to enjoy that he couldn’t think of how to voice it out loud. Even with their own babies, alpha men avoided doing the dirty work. Yes, Sherlock loved John but what did that have to do with Birdie? She was a separate human.
“Then
“Yes. It’s got me… here…” Sherlock wondered at what point their bodies had become angled towards one another, his arm also on the sofa-back, a mirror of John’s. It should have felt odd, frightening, maybe. Unwelcome for certain.
Sherlock obliged, fingers working deftly at buttons.
Chapter contains: Self hatred, references to periods, masturbation, references to self-harm, and drug use.
**********
“I wanted Victor back,” Sherlock said as gently as he could manage whilst vibrating with rage. If John was as close to death as he thought, there was only one way to keep him here. But he would have to move fast. Bite hard, give the venom in his veins enough time to flow into John’s body, start the change…
“I didn’t say anything at the time, because I knew you’d try and talk me out of it,” John went on. “And then… it just got harder to try and say. But I’m going to apply. For as soon as I finish A-Levels. I’m going to do it, Sherlock, I’m going to be a doctor.”
“You don’t?”
“Oh,” John sat back. “What does that mean, then?”
“Yeah.”
Sherlock blinked. “What?”
“Why aren’t you bonded and with a pile of kids?”
“Sherlock knows, then?” Molly asked.
Sherlock had gone very, very still, turning his face away as if hiding it, still so he wouldn’t be noticed. The behaviour of prey.
“It’s because you’re twelve, John,” Sherlock shook his head. “John – you’re a little boy.”
“You heard,” John said hotly.
“Sherlock resisted,” Mycroft said. “He was still, I have to tell you, extremely loyal to you. He broke off his budding friendship with Mr Trevor, several times. Until… he no longer did.”
“Don’t be, I’d rather find you here than have to dredge the canal for you,” Lestrade sighed. “So… have you run away?”
“Shut up,” Sherlock grinned, realising the nice rushes down his body were pooling at his groin. He was getting hard, and the feel of John’s cock against him was only making it happen faster. He swallowed, glancing away. Was this right? Were omegas supposed to get like this outside of heats?
‘I am so glad to hear you say that.’ Magnussen smiled. ‘I want to keep you all for myself, after all.’ and with a final nod, he walked down the street to his waiting car and driver.
“I’m not… Sherlock… I never thought…”
He shifted awkwardly on the bed. His small cock was erect, and pressing hard against his jeans, and he knew he was probably wet, as well, and the whole sensation was deeply unpleasant. He wanted to reach down and get himself off, but John would be out in a moment, and there was no way John was going to touch down there, just yet.
John heard the floorboards creak, then settle. He imagined Sherlock was nesting into a ball in his new double bed, wrapping the covers over himself like a cocoon to feel safe in this new house. John felt a twist of guilt. Sherlock would have been expecting to sleep with him. That comfort had been withdrawn, and Sherlock was on his own. John would have to make sure there were always blankets and cushions for Sherlock to use in his room.
John listened to all this, digging his fingernails into his palms.
“Ah.”
James came back in, the shop bell ringing as he pushed the door open. “You alright, John?”
Sherlock was doing something at the chemistry set when John walked in.
“No.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, then closed it again. “No.”
“A mark of over-protectiveness I am sure he now regrets,” Mycroft laced his fingers together. “This… with Mr Trevor… it is stalemate, Sherlock. You are not in heat and so cannot provoke him into maturing and developing fangs and a knot. And likewise he is not mature enough to bite you and cause a heat for you to bond through. You are both prisoners of time.”
Sherlock didn’t answer, just waited.
John made a mental note to eat something with less iron in it, next time.
John sat next to Sherlock, who had no trouble reading the menu, and breathed translations under his breath whenever John’s finger paused on the name of a dish. Fortunately, the adults they were with were all busy ordering and sampling wine and bread, so John was able to decide what he wanted without sweating.
“I’m just unfit,” Sherlock lied, putting his bag on the picnic table, and climbing up after it, his trainers on the seat bit. John did the same, Sherlock’s rucksack like a barrier between them.
“I…” Sherlock blushed. “I don’t want him to bond with someone else.”
‘I can see their ears as well, so less of the swearing.’
John put his head in his hands, slumping onto the sofa.
His phone beeped as he struggled out of the binder. The constricting vest never seemed to get easier to take it off, and Sherlock had been convinced he’d have to be cut out of his black one, once. He eventually yanked it off, and hung it on a hanger before checking his phone.
Sherlock didn't want to leave, that much he knew absolutely. He would, but...
John lowered his arms, and shrugged.
When Sherlock arrived home, close to midnight, carrying a giftbag full of expensive and breakable presents, John was asleep on the sofa. The TV was on, blaring silently, showing the news. The remains of John’s evening – a gin and tonic in a tin, and evidence of a reheated lasagne slice – were still on the coffee table.
His words were cut off by Sherlock pressing his lips against his in a firm, dry kiss. It was innocent, not searching, just a kiss from one boy to another. John hummed happily, letting Sherlock break the kiss, then go back for another, a tinier and softer one, and another, like he was trying to find out how best to touch John’s mouth.
John’s legs shook as he raised himself up onto his knees, and Sherlock’s eyes almost formed a question before John dropped himself down again, firmly, onto Sherlock’s fingers. Three, this time.
Mycroft. A small, lonely, teenager’s grave. In a small cemetery, outside London.
“No, I mean… with… being engaged. And stuff.”
“Don’t make that face, Sherlock, you’ll get wrinkles. Anyway, Cam’s place is supposed to be lovely.”
“The fuck –” he turned, defences up, staring in confusion at Mycroft Holmes’ murderous face. “Mycroft?”
John sighed.
John watched the vampire’s face struggle to contain some emotion he couldn’t read. “They human?”
He held up a sleepsuit, so small it looked like it ought to belong to a doll.
John would never forget the scream that followed.
There hadn’t ever seemed the need.
Sherlock blinked, as if he’d run out of smart things to say.
Sherlock felt as if he should laugh, but he didn’t understand.
“It’s not ‘no’,” John muttered. “It’s just… I wasn’t asked. Doesn’t mean I’d’ve said ‘no’ if I had been asked.”
John went rigid, his eyes blown wide open, mouth dropped. His cock spurted in a small mess of white as his arse clenched tight around Sherlock’s cock, and his orgasm crashed into him like a train. Sherlock was not a second behind, coming so hard he could barely breathe as he emptied himself deep inside John, thrusting up as deep as he could, riding out the waves of pleasure they were both sailing and sinking into.
Greg straightened up, adjusting his collar. “Yes. Sorry.”
Sherlock was pressing their chests together so firmly but John needed to keep his balance and –
“I love you,” John wept, feeling the impossibly tiny toes flex and grip again. “I love you, and I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry.”
“Thanks, Mycroft,” John pushed past him. “I’m dying for a decent cup of tea. Sherlock, you want one?”
“You’re going to get a 2:1,” Sherlock said, sipping his drink. “And transfer to that pathology course, qualify as a doctor. Your future is fairly predictable.”
“You’ve said,” Sherlock looked up and gave a tiny smile. He laced his long fingers together, and John wondered if his spidery hands were an indicator of how much height the omega had left to gain. “I was wondering…”
John sighed as he dropped his bag and started unbuttoning his top. He was the only omega who’d been asked to play – the teams were mostly alpha boys, with the odd beta. But John
And their lips met. Slow, and kind, and gentle at first.
John flopped back against the pillows as soon as Sherlock left the room.
The medical staff cleared away, before another nurse put her head around the door. “John, there’s someone to see you…” the wary look in her eyes told him who it was.
Sherlock almost blushed. “…thank you.”
Sherlock could only raise a hand.
,’ he said uncertainly. ‘But… do you even think you don’t know how you got into a situation at all?’
“I didn’t know you were there, I was off my head,” John smiled, then winced as his insides complained again. “That’s not something I want to repeat…” he looked up. “The time, I mean, between heats, it was so long since –”
“It’s a need to breed?”
mate with him, one day. He needed more than a promise. He needed… something he didn’t know how to describe.
He looked at himself in the mirror, stroking his hair down, unused to seeing his own ears so much. Were they sticking out? Or were everyone’s ears like that? He couldn’t be sure. He ran a finger under the collar of his dark grey shirt. The red tie was a stark contrast, and he wasn’t sure the colours suited him, but this was an old-fashioned sixth form – the uniform was part of the school rules.
“Hm.” John followed him through the plastic sheeting, and went over to the forensics table as Sherlock went with Greg to view the corpses proper. To John’s surprise, Molly Hooper was there, mask over her face as she organised samples into plastic packets. “Didn’t think you’d be here, Doctor Hooper.”
“We’ll have to get that swapped out for you. Are you in a relationship?”
“The more I see of this world,” Sherlock sighed, “the less I believe what I was dragged up to believe.” He sat on the arm of the sofa, keeping hold of John’s hands. “I believe I have much more to learn, too.”
“Would he?”
“Yes,” Sherlock smirked at his brother. “Go on, brother dear, fetch.”
“If you hadn’t, I would have.”
The omega slammed the door to 221B as he got back, kicking his shoes off and mooching up the stairs in a huge sulk. His still-unopened envelope was tucked under his arm.
“Yeah,” John hung his coat up. “He never took his eyes off his phone.”
“When you leave.”
John looked down at his bedspread. “What does this have to do with Sherlock?”
He looked pale, and sweaty, and gross.
Sherlock shrugged. “Fine, fine.”
“It’ll go quicker than you think,” Mycroft said, from over the hedge.
They both looked down at their clasped hands.
‘Language. But, yes, that’s true. So… you’ve broken up?’
John chewed, and swallowed. "Not enemies..." he considered. He knew a secret about the man, but it wasn't really his secret to tell. The coroner was transgender, and at his last regiment had been bullied by a couple of men in the regiment, until he was moved. As far as John knew, he'd had no trouble here. John only knew, in fact, because he'd seen scars on the man’s chest when they'd both had to strip off after a particularly bloody injury came in.
“Yes, I’m coming,” Sherlock said. “Shall we share a cab?”
“I’m not expecting you to say it back,” Victor said quickly. “I’m not, I swear, I just… Sherlock…I wanted to tell you. I… I wanted to tell you before…”
“GET OFF ME!”
John wished it was more frightening. That he might die of shock. But the vampire wouldn’t let him.
“Yeah.” Sherlock looked relived. “So… we’re ok?”
late. For both of them. I’m going to take them home now.” He said it slowly and firmly, and John was reminded of the sort of teachers who didn’t shout exactly, but could threaten you with a single look.
“Huh, I guess my house is cooler than yours…” John pulled a face before sitting up. “Shall we ring now? I think my stomach is eating itself.”
“She’ll be in M23, as she always is, I expect.”
Sherlock put down John's bag and helped the soldier get his coat off his shoulders.
“I made that happen,” John sighed, after sipping his drink. “It was all my fault, for leaving.”
“Let me dress that wound,” John picked up fresh bandages. “And I’ll get you back to your dorm.”
Sherlock could barely concentrate as he pushed John’s hand below his chin, and John had to stop as he realised where he was being taken.
“I did.” He licked a strip up John’s throat.
Sherlock caught John staring, and gave him a small smile. ‘Nice teeth,’ he teased.
“No,” the omega closed his eyes. “Sex.”
“Oh…” John breathed. “How?”
Moving?
“You alright there, Sherlock?”
“I know.”
John felt his entire world grind to a halt. Dread, as heavy as cold rocks, thumped into his stomach, dragged sharp edges through his heart as it went. “…what?”
“I aid the police when they’re out of their depth. Which is always. I consult. I’m a consulting detective.”
“That ok?” John whispered.
“Your parents want one of each?” John frowned.
John rotated the wand. “Getting a great shot of your bladder, at any rate…”
“You’re engaged,” she said, cutting him off, “and you let a boy get close enough to you to leave a smell? You
Sherlock grinned. “I was hoping you might say that.” He offered his arm to John, who took it. “The finest hospital canteen coffee awaits.”
“Suspicion?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“I’ll think about it,” John said, not moving away. “I don’t think it’s something I should rule out, that’s all.”
Sherlock could only nod, silently.
“It’s ok,” John repeated.
“I’m still at school,” John countered. “And I’m fifteen. And I don’t want a baby. Yet.”
John let out a breathy laugh. “Sherlock… I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner…”
The Major-General looked more shocked and appalled with each revelation about his colleague, but she remained impassive, blank.
“Shh,” Sherlock laid his head on John’s shoulder. “Just want to be quiet, for a minute.”
needed this. Not just any alpha. Sherlock’s alpha. The one who loved him, and whom he loved back. Sherlock bent his neck over submissively. “I’m yours.”
“Oh, don’t get your alpha knickers in a twist,” John rolled his eyes. “It’s unconventional, sure, but… so are you, right? Are you and Mycroft still –”
Opening his surveillance files, he scrolled through to the footage he wanted. He was already aware of the blind spot in the corridor, and he knew Sherlock and John had had some sort of argument there. Not knowing the details of it was quite distracting.
John scratched the back of his head. “Did you think any more about… bottles?”
John lowered the packet. “Sherlock, I could lose my job.”
“Well, basic training won’t come as a total shock, then,” the doctor pressed and button on his desk, and the cuff tightened. “When was your last heat, John?”
“Oh, you go to boarding school?” John said. “What’s that like?”
Mycroft looked at him for a long time.
“Sorry. I didn’t think.”
“They had to.” Sherlock walked over slowly, watching John’s muscles bunch as he approached, hearing his heart-rate begin to pick up. “It really was a matter of life or death.”
“Mine…” Sherlock pressed the head of his cock against John’s damp entrance, rubbing over the already softened skin without pushing in. “My omega, you’ve been away for too long.”
In hindsight, John thought, he really should have seen this coming.
“What does this have to do with me?” John asked.
“Indeed.”
Sherlock wailed at the sensation, glancing over his shoulder to see. John moved his hips slowly, milking the last of his come from himself before sighing, taking in the sight of the gorgeous, naked and come-covered omega – of
They had to be kissing.
The last time he was here, he’d had the door opened under his hand by Victor.
THE END
John inhaled, and moved his face away. “I shouldn’t have showed you. That wasn’t what you needed to see.”
Sherlock and Mycroft looked pointedly at the little pot belly that had made itself known on John’s middle over Christmas.
“No!” Sherlock scrubbed at his eyes. “No, I mean… I’ll be ready to… be a grown up, and – and maybe get…” he blushed.
John touched the spot on his cheek.
“Sherlock, what do you mean?” John’s concern overrode his wants for the moment.
To live your life in a way they would want to be a part of, too.
His fingers shook so badly he could barely tie his boots.
They stayed still for a moment, smiling at one another like idiots.
John shrugged.
The vampire turned, so he and John were face to face. Another movement, and he pulled out of him, both of them making a face of amused discomfort, before looking into one another’s eyes again.
“I’m here, now,” he snapped at his brother, who was pushing. “Let me out, Mycroft.”
John’s heart felt like it was being twisted and wrung out. “How… dare they…”
“What – what is it you
They took their places in Chemistry, and John resumed his meticulous note-taking, as Sherlock resumed his annoying habit of answering every question before it had barely left the teacher’s mouth.
“Who?”
“Come on, John, he has an hour to kill with us,” Sherlock smirked.
“Now, we just need to cut a door, and a window,” John said, holding up the serrated knife. “Do you have a pen?”
"Actually, he's out with our mother," Mycroft said, looking uneasy. "Did he not mention?"
“I did say… that…” John said carefully. “I understand if it was difficult to hear –”
Sherlock didn’t hesitate to hold John back, firmly against him, feeling the thud of his heart, hearing the fearful rush of blood and the increased breathing of someone who was… hoping.
John blinked.
“I love you,” John said, loud enough for everyone to hear, as Sherlock climbed onto the trolley. “I’ll see you as soon as you wake up.”
John stopped, hand on the banister. “…what?”
Sherlock kissed him again. “Army doctor and detective. It could work, you know.”
He hated waking up.
“… a girl.”
ROYAL AIR FORCE
“Yeah, that’s what I’m looking forward to,” Sherlock joined her sitting on the bed. “It’ll be nice.”
Sherlock glared, then picked up the bread and took a dramatic, over-wide bite out of it.
Sorry for the delay, and thank you so much to everyone who had downloaded my ebook. You're all my favourites. xxx
He wanted to keep John alive
Sherlock covered his mouth as he tried not to laugh. “Yes. Of course.”
Sherlock could smell it, too. The hot reek of humanity strolling on down the street. He wouldn’t have minded going outside for a bite himself, it had been days after all… but John was digging his nails into his palms and looked haggard.
“We stopped off on the way,” Sherlock said, John in front of him pretty much erasing Cam from his mind. “Come in!”
Sherlock liked Victor enough to sleep with him outside of a heat. Omegas only generally chose to do that with their mates. That alone was a deep show of trust. Probably love. John couldn’t ask him to stop loving someone. He didn’t want to be the one who wrenched them apart. First loves were important. And Sherlock was entitled to fall in love. A lot of mates – probably most, in fact – bonded without being in love. Sherlock had been delivered to John expecting never to feel such a thing without having it forced on him. To fall in love naturally must have been like a drug.
Poppy smiled kindly, though didn’t go for his hand, and instead indicated he and the others should sit. There was a moment of awkwardness as the two alphas wrestled with the internal surprise at being told what to do by a beta, but they soon got over it, and sat either side of John, as they had in the car.
Of course, the most telling thing was Sherlock’s utter disinterest in girls. He didn’t look at them, didn’t talk about them, didn’t even seem to know their names, though there were enough in his classes.
“Yes,” Victor looked up. “Is Amy –”
Warning: Brief mention of self-harm, and suicidal thoughts.
‘I love you,’ someone said.
John was ashamed of how he rutted against the bedclothes, how he moaned Sherlock’s name in need for him to come home, how all he could think of was bites and babies and getting some sort of relief from the drawing emptiness.
And that made John’s heart sing.
John’s breath caught.
Sherlock looked up. “You’re right. They don’t.”
“I think the letters I have are evidence enough,” Sherlock balled a fist.
‘In Switzerand,’ Sherlock nodded, his lipsticked mouth turned right down. ‘For my final year. I’m sorry, John.’
Sherlock swallowed. “Yeah… Yeah, s-same.” He looked slightly wistfully at the hero, cursing fiction for putting a film in front of his eyes where a boy was given the body he’d always wanted. So bloody unfair. But – wait. John said
It had taken a separation, and the threat of nearly losing John, to make him see it.
wanted to do it again because that had been the best –
“Thank you…” John put the glass down, undrunk. “You… you’re going, then?”
“Oh, really? Well, I shall inform Doctor Watson that you shan’t be returning to him quite yet, then.”
Well enough, anyway.
Sherlock suddenly looked very sad. “I don’t know, John. Not necessarily. If you felt you couldn’t.”
The red marks stood, like accusations.
“Don’t go too far,” his mum said. “You don’t know this area yet, give yourself time to explore.”
And it was almost distraction enough from the deep red eyes looking straight ahead, visible in the rear-view mirror.
“He was only being sick, I’m sure he’ll be fine.”
“Ayyyyye, here he is, the big girl,” someone crowed as Sherlock walked in.
John patted him on the shoulder again, a warmth surging through his chest as he thought of the two of them, older and happier, working together and laughing, and smiling…
Sherlock shook it. “Happy New Year.”
John shook it. “Pleased to meet you, Mrs Holmes.”
John stood, almost throwing himself off the sofa and staggering upright. He walked out of the room with as much dignity as he could muster, his cock heavy and erect against his thigh, trapped in jeans that were doing him no favours. He did not look at Sherlock, afraid of what he might do if he saw that flushed face straight-on, if he caught sight of the omega’s own confined erection.
John folded his arms. “So, what am I meant to do?”
John blushed, a sick guilt growing under his skin. “You know that’s a half-truth. I fancied you at first because you’re beautiful, yes. But for one, I never could have carried things on it I hadn’t been falling in love with your personality and your amazing mind. And two, you have no idea how sexy you are. Not a damn clue.” John shook his head and dropped to his knees, pressing his nose into Sherlock’s tiny bump, inhaling. “I want to scent you all the time, touch you all the time because you’re mine and she’s ours and we made her and you’re growing her and it’s just
“I meant it,” John said.
“No.” He watched John cross his legs, and think. The doctor thinking was a very pleasing sight.
John fumbled for it, and handed the tube over quickly, quite enjoying how Sherlock's attentions to him seemed secondary to his crime-solving narrative.
“He must have said something else.”
There was a whirring noise from the printer as the nurse printed the photos for them. “Here you go, guys.”
“I didn’t know you got plane-sick,” Sherlock observed curiously.
A few hands went up.
“It’s John. And no, the last occupant hasn’t completely moved out, yet. That’s the thing with being on a temp contract. They just put you wherever there’s a desk…” John tidied his marking away, and swallowed a mouthful of cooling coffee before insisting Sherlock take a seat. “So, I sent you over the homework –”
“I can’t…” Sherlock but his thumbnail. “He… he won’t forgive me. He might… force me.”
But he was alive.
“He can’t walk around blindfolded,” John said, finally finding some jeans in his size. “He’s taken me in, but I just… it was never meant to be permanent, and I think I need to move out before things get really awkward.”
Lucky bastard.
Finally.
Jim brushed at his uniform. “Well, this was fun. I’d better be off.”
Sherlock blushed. “Yes, but what can I do? He’s just a man with more money than sense, isn’t he?”
“Sh… Sherry? What… Sherlock?” John scrubbed at his eyes, suddenly awake. He sat up sharply, then doubled over in pain, gritting his teeth and kicking his legs before another shot of something went into his hand, and he flopped back against the cushions. “Fuck… where’s my... mate? Sherlock?”
“I took care of my patient. I took care of Mr Watson, as a doctor and an alpha should care for an omega in distress. The deep affection I felt for him then has only quietened, it has not gone away. If we were reunited, I am certain that our bond would strengthen, particularly as we now have a child together. Baby B is my first and only child, and she has been kept from me,” Mayhew’s voice cracked. “I haven’t even seen a photograph of her, never held her or smelled her. She is a stranger, but she is half of me. Mr Watson has been incredibly cruel, and devious, by denying me access to my baby. He has proved that he is incapable of looking after her in a suitable environment, and I am prepared to leave my job and look after my baby full-time if she is delivered into my guardianship. I just want my daughter, Madam Justice. But I am willing to make a family of the three of us, if Mr Watson is prepared to swallow his pride.” He sat back down.
Sherlock’s face went through a strange sort of spasm before the alpha caught it. “I – I – I… John, I…”
.” Another lick, and a nip, and John’s inner omega went into overdrive, adrenaline rushing through his body, trying to escape this assault, trying to stay safe, trying… And then it was as though he’s been switched off.
, John was sure of it. Maybe he wasn’t having heats yet, but he was over the age of consent in the UK, and that would be enough –
John watched him clamber into the car. Mr Holmes started the engine, and the car pulled slowly out of the driveway.
“I thought we were getting married because we had to,” John said. “I mean… my parents said it was… a good match.”
“What do you think, John, that you ought to be like?”
There was a slam – a door.
The summer holidays started, and John vanished for a horrible fortnight, when he went to see his mum.
“Oh…” he touched his face again, gently. “Oh, no…” he grabbed the thermometer he kept on the bedside table, and jammed it under his arm. “Shit,” he sat until it beeped.
‘I don’t think so. Every time we mated, he apologised. It was like he regretted it all.’
Sherlock stretched, too, his tentacles all unfurling, and John could see now there were eight of them - and when stretched they were surprisingly long. If they fully extended Sherlock would be close to nine feet or more from head to tip, though his torso was proportioned like a man’s. His greyish skin was smooth, a pale blush at the centre of his chest and no nipples. No navel, either, which was downright strange. But those attributes were nothing compared to the thick mass of limbs growing from his waist. At their thickest point, where they met in a web of thick stretchy muscle, they were as round as John’s thigh. The tips were, however, incredibly fine, more slender than a pinky finger. As John watched, the arm-like appendages relaxed out of the stretch and he could see them undulating, changing thickness and size… And John knew they were delicate and gentle as well as strong.
“I mean… I’m glad. You’re mine. You’re here, and you’re mine.”
“I should…” his teacher’s voice had dropped very low. “I should walk you to the office.”
His mind was clear.
‘You’ve got me,’ Sherlock said. ‘I’m yours.’ And to prove it, he leaned backwards, ducking his chin down meekly as he displayed his body as if it were on a platter. ‘However you want me.’
“Cam’s?” Sherlock asked. “What’s that?”
“John,” Sherlock moved a hand to touch John’s thigh, his belly, his cock, gently stroking over his length. “John, I love you so much. Oh…” He swallowed audibly. “Do you need me to stay still, because I honestly  -”
Laughing softly, the two parents said goodbye to the nurses and doctors who had looked after John for a month, and walked from the ward arm in arm, their fingers knotting together as they waited for the lift.
‘Indeed. You’ve been extremely lucky.’ Mycroft popped the chart back into the slot at the end of the bed, as the door to the room opened.
There was still snow on the ground, on the day of the party. People arrived wearing heavy coats, and the cloakroom spilled out into the hallway, coat-hangers dangling off the banister as some hired helps tried to keep everything organised.
“You’re not doing this to… trap Sherlock?”
“I don’t think he would. He’d have to be accepted without knowing I interfered.”
“So you should be,” Sherlock opened his arms, and John snuggled up close, breathing in Sherlock’s scent, his warmth, his honesty. “I would be, too. I never… I took it for granted. What I had. I’m sorry.”
The sight that greeted him would never, ever, leave his mind.
"The detective working on Scott's case. Have you gotten any leads? Such a terrible thing."
Not for a long time.
“John,” John corrected him. “Since I’m your key provider, let’s drop the formalities, Mr Holmes.”
“Are you ok?” John glanced at her round stomach.
Sherlock closed his eyes for a second, relishing in the feel of John’s fingers through his hair. He opened them just in time to see John’s face close – too close – to his own, and then his mouth was…
John put his photos into his wallet. “Sherlock… Do you…” he stopped, unsure how to begin. “I know I said Mycroft spoke to me. About what happened to you. When I was gone. But… Look, just be honest with me, here: Was my leaving really what made you so reluctant to see me, again? Or..?”
They made love.
“…she looked sick. And she was unkind, with it. And Sherry told me about you wanting to… yeah, you know. That seemed frightening. Sherlock gave me some books to read, about puberty, and so on.”
“Excuse me?”
“Until we hear anything… Let’s at least order dinner. That isn’t junk food,” Mycroft sighed, eyeing the pizza box.
Sherlock leaned up, and kissed John on the cheek.
“I’ll stay here, shall I?” Sherlock joked, weakly.
,” Sherry smiled, steering John around the shop by the elbow, picking up scraps of cloth that were meant to be clothes, and loading up his arms before bowling John into the changing room and commanding him to select an outfit.
Siger looked at the ceiling. “It’s just… not what’s done.”
John looked as if he was thinking about what to say next. “Have you… always been… not a girl?”
Sherlock stared, unable to find the right words.
“I’ll make the tea, then,” John said, watching Sherlock roll Pixie onto her side, and laying down beside her as she snuffed about.
“John!” Sherlock’s hands snatched at John’s hair, so tight it hurt, for a moment, before relaxing just enough for John to look amused. He swirled his tongue around the head, messily, a fleck of spit escaping his mouth before sucking down, and hard, and tasting the thick, cloying, essence of pre-come being drawn from Sherlock’s cock.
“Oh, yes,” Sherry. “My mate detests sexual interaction. My heats are the only times we are physically intimate. And we are lucky I only have them every three months or so. It’s bearable.”
“Can’t she stay on that pad?” Sherlock suggested.
“You think so?”
. But they had gone to his parents after the service… oh god. He
“You mean, get them to retract?”
“No,” Sherlock scowled. “I’ve been eliminating possible candidates from the poor of alphas I know well enough to approach safely. Lestrade offered to walk me to the library, and his body language indicated he wished to scent me. So, I offered.”
“Oh, yes, you don’t need to go in the bad news room,” the nurse said. “The images are assessed again, and if there was a problem we’d call you straight away. But from what I can see, you’ve got a healthy baby.”
“I’m sure I’ve almost got it,” Sherlock said, kicking the pedal around again.
“Bullies?”
Sherlock looked confused, then read the faded words on the flyer.
Steeling himself against the revulsion of touching something – someone – dead, he picked John up. John’s head lolled disgustingly, and Sherlock had to look away as he adjusted his grip. Then, with a turn on his heel, he took himself back to Baker Street.
John nodded. “Yeah, children make things difficult. I imagine.”
Once back in his room, he stared at the box as though it might explode. It was taunting him, with its pink and blue splashes, a happy omega woman on the side, laughing as she presumably got the positive result she was looking for.
Robinson sighed. "Go on, then. If you're going to wet yourself."
John smiled. “Fine. I’ll make a brew.”
“I’m saddened you think so little of me. Of any of us,” Mycroft tutted. “It is very unfortunate, but you know we will try to make this as comfortable for you as possible.”
John sipped his coffee, giving his shaking hands something to do.
“Well, it’s a male,” someone laughed.
Sherlock had noticed John was in a strange mood, but put it down to him not being allowed to punch Jim Moriarty into a paste, the day before. They got into school with minutes to spare, tearing off in different directions with only a hurried kiss as they went off to separate lessons.
“Yeah. Big bastard of a shot. Shattered my shoulder blade. Got a lovely bit of ceramic and steel in there, now.” He winced. “I’m sorry, if you’d rather not have known. They asked me who they should tell, and... I just felt like I wanted to tell you. I’d want to know if anything happened to you, for what it’s worth…”
wasn’t ready, not that I don’t like you like that. I can fancy you and not feel ready to do more than kiss, you know.”
“No…”
He felt his lower half convulse with pounding agony, and sank his teeth into the duvet to stop himself screaming. This time, the pain did seem to pass, and John felt so lucid he almost felt drunk on being able to think. Hadn’t he read about this? Wasn’t it the eye of the storm? He reached down again, and this time as his fingers brushed his skin, the bulb of bulging waters finally gave up and burst with a hideous soft pop that John felt inside him, and fluid gushed over his hand just as Sherlock walked back in, his face completely drained of colour.
Sherlock thought of the boy in church. Of his chemistry textbooks upstairs. Of John. “I don’t know.”
“You’ll miss it.”
Sherlock blinked. “I don’t… understand.”
John made a noise of frustration before Sherlock shoved a hand between them both, palm over the stiff line in John’s jeans, and pressed hard as he thrust up again. This time, John’s moan matched Sherlock’s, and they quickly settled into a rhythm, Sherlock moving and pressing as John rocked back and forth, the friction sweet and the pressure sweeter, even as Sherlock breathed hot against his neck, inhaling the omega scent that must be driving him mad. John couldn’t find it in himself to protest, and even leant his head to one side to made it easier for Sherlock to bury his nose and mouth in the crook.
“Your trust fund is secure,” Mycroft went on, “as is mine. Mummy has her own funds, and the sale of the manor, which is to come.”
Sherlock felt his cheeks prickle. "Oh. That's... Thanks."
Like pure sex.
And John never mentioned it, either. And without the issue being brought to the light, the two men were able to live together without any of the tensions Sherlock had assumed would arise. And the ‘temporary’ nature of their living together didn’t get mentioned quite as often as it might have. John pulled his weight, he paid the rent, and he was rather pleasant to be with.
“Something went wrong,” John said. “In the universe, maybe. I don’t think you were meant to end up here, not really. This isn’t what was supposed to happen. But… it is.”
“Uh,” Sherlock put his phone in his blazer pocket. “Yes. Mummy rang last night. They should be back this weekend.”
“It’s none of my business,” the omega sniffed. “But this is supposed to be a family place.”
Sherlock looked out at the window. “…Cam came in.”
It had been as impersonal as a handshake.
“John?”
“Relax, Dr Watson,” the vampire came around the bed and helped himself to the visitors’ chair. He crossed his legs, and steepled his fingers in a way that rang a distant, familiar bell in John’s mind. “I’m not here to hurt you. I’m here on behalf of someone else.”
“I know,” Sherlock gathered him into his arms and leaned back against the bed-stead, John in his lap, legs splayed out wide. “I know, but…” his hands trailed down, over John’s curves.
Sherlock pulled an
“Fifth of June. Another fifteen weeks to go,” John rubbed his belly. “I miss my six-pack, I’m not going to lie.”
Sherlock looked at John, his eyes narrowed. He suddenly looked frightening, again, though the look dropped as he spoke. "We can go back to our bunk, now. For tonight, I'll do some more research from my laptop. Tomorrow I'll begin my questioning."
“What’s the point?” Sherlock picked up his coat. “The only time we’re not arguing with one another is when we’re having sex, and I don’t think that’s enough of a reason to start this again.”
A knock came at the door.
“But… you’d still get pregnant?”
“Well, there isn’t,” Sherlock shrugged. “Your human canine teeth haven’t dropped out yet.”
John looked mollified for a moment, but it quickly faded. “I don’t think that’s going to count for shit when HR heard about what they’ve employed. Single omega mother? I’ll be given a quick back-hander and shown the door. You’ve heard the stories.”
Sherlock sighed, but didn’t answer.
“John – I’m – can’t –”
The phone rang at ten.
“The fuck you on about, Moriarty?”
“He’s always mad,” Sherlock was suddenly next to him, taking down some serving spoons. John hated himself for flinching, but Sherlock didn’t comment. “It’s been nice. Texting you, I mean.”
. He was never going to be tall, but he was tall
When he hit thirty, Sherlock took himself to the doctor, again, and had several scans and blood tests, all of which told the same story – that he had either beta or omega physiology, but there was no determiner in his blood or hormones to swing his designation either way. He was sterile, without heats, and otherwise in perfect health.
John couldn’t see what was inside, but he heard gasps of delight from the guests around him.
It grounded him, pulling Sherlock through his pain, back to himself.
“Still alive, I see, Doctor Watson?”
Sherlock smiled, and put a hand on the side of John’s face. It felt nice and cool. “John, this is entirely up to you. If you want to try, then try.” He kissed John’s forehead. “Do you want a bit of privacy?”
“No, it isn’t…” John started to leave.
“I can’t even do my belt,” he sighed.
On the nights Sherlock stayed over in the hospital (which was not allowed, but they did it anyway), he’d squashed himself into John’s bed, and held him gently. It should have been calming, and loving.
If Sherlock could catch their assassin in the act, or close to it, then he could…
“Oh.” John flicked through the channels, and came to a movie that was just starting.
James didn’t miss a beat. He grinned widely, his good eye sparkling with mischief. “What’d you think happened, Watson? Shark attack, of course.”
But he had never wanted to keep anyone alive more.
The first time John set foot in the Holmes family estate, he was ten years old.
John wondered if they should hug, and decided to try it, raising his arms a fraction.
John nodded, side-stepping any denial. “No, no. Just flat-mates. Colleagues now, apparently.”
"Ow!" John gasped as he topped forward, his bare knees scraping on the rocks, drawing blood. But the creature was strong – so strong John could tell that he would be no match for it is its intentions were indeed to eat him. He had no choice but to let himself be dragged, back into the distinctly slimy, though admittedly warm, embrace. He shuddered, unsure of where to look or what to do as the many tentacles splayed over his naked body, and the creature looked interestedly into his face.
“But WHY?” John whined.
“But he still has to go into my school for his results…” Sherlock nosed his knees again. “I don’t want to see him.”
“Yes…” Sherlock indicated the papers on the coffee table. “Lestrade dropped them off. I’ve been glancing at them.”
“John is still recovering from surgery, and I have no desire to leave him standing around whilst I flit all over the city. You can handle this one on your own.”
“John. John, I have no experience in these affairs, but I know for a fact that you would be a wonderful parent. But if this really is your decision…” he suddenly looked heartbroken.
It wasn’t.
“No, but that’s… that’s just biology, isn’t it?”
“No,” John rolled his eyes, “he might break in. Let’s go, and get this over with.”
John looked back at the stick.
“I don’t want my birthday to be my deadline,” Sherlock said, when they were settled. “I want to wait a little longer. For John.”
John wanted to slap himself.
The thirteenth hour brought rage.
“You’re not my second choice,” Sherlock said. “I’ve not made a choice. I don’t want to make a choice, I want…. I want…”
“Just,” Victor blushed. “Amy bit me, started my maturity. The doctors reckon I’ve lost a decade off my life with the rapid growth my bones had to go through. I get aches in my legs and stuff… It seems worth it when I see her face, though. I love her, Doctor Watson. I don’t want Sherlock. At all. I just want her…I want my mate, and our pup…” he sniffed, wiping his face with the back of his hand, looking terribly young.
Sherlock turned away, and went inside. He wasn’t interested in another girl to play with, and this one looked too old to be interested in him, anyway. He followed his dad inside, and shut the door behind him.
John leapt out of his reach, crashing into the wall, and bringing down an ornamental plate, which smashed on the tiles.
Sherlock didn’t respond, just gripped the bee so tight it looked to be in danger of exploding.
Eurus looked shocked. “You let an alpha boy get close enough to you to scent you?”
“Do you want some privacy?” John made to get up. “I’ll go sort the kitchen.”
He had to.
, please…”
Greg shifted uncomfortably. It wasn’t just embarrassment, it was the implication. Vampires only loved those they ‘kept’, so it was said. But John wasn’t a blood-slave, or thralled – he would never have been able to leave the flat, if he was.
“Mm,” Sherlock’s eyes were closing. “So… so full.”
And Sherlock walked in, holding a cup of takeaway coffee, and a sleeping baby.
“Oh,” the man’s face fell, and he scrubbed at his grey hair. “No, he didn’t answer his phone. I’ll call back later, if that’s the case…”
“Listening,” Sherlock said. “Go away.”
…what would he have done if they had?
“Fuck, Sherlock…” John gripped Sherlock’s hair, slightly harder than he might have done, but it felt like a gesture of possessive love, not anger. “You’re so soft… so wet… god, I want… Want to get my cock in you.”
John hummed, wondering when he’d be allowed to pee – his bladder was at explosion point.
‘Only a little. I think you’ve been dealt a poor hand, brother of mine. But you don’t need to offer your hand to what seems like a convenient option. You deserve better than that.’
“Why?” Sherlock raised his eyes.
“In the lobby. It captures every four seconds,” Sherlock looked up. “I could hold the door open, and, if you’re fast…”
“That wouldn’t make a difference to our parents,” Mycroft said, icily. “If Eurus can produce children, and there’s been no medical test to suggest he can’t, he could be forced into a bond of his own. And he hasn’t the capability to deny himself an omega landed on his lap.”
“You ok, Mr Watson?”
John looked up. “Mycroft?”
Sherlock was probably in love.
John counted to ten before reaching under his clothes and trying to remember what he’d read in the books, holding the baby close to himself and putting a finger to her chin to lever her mouth open.
Sherlock fingered at John’s t-shirt, feeling his way over John’s chest, up to his shoulder, down to his bare arm, touching at the summer-tanned skin, a look on his face like someone discovering a secret.
“Yes, we can… there’s a machine in the room next door.”
“Hey, you don’t need to run,” the policeman stepped forward, slowly. “I’m not going to –”
"Like me," Sherlock repeated, narrowing his eyes at John. "Not like me to be irritated you could be in the process of sabotaging our investigation today by supplementing sleep with chemicals?”
“So,” Sherlock repeated.
Sherlock shrugged. “I don’t know. He never looked interested in me before Victor did.”
John nodded, his eyes closing. “Yeah. Yeah, very.”
John smiled again. “Were you watching me sleep?”
am being selfish?”
John blinked. “Right. Yeah. You must be the same, though, right? A-Level Maths.”
John rolled his eyes. “I don’t want to be... no offence, but this...” he gestured at Mycroft, “this isn’t in my plans, ok?”
“You already have a fiancé,” Victor pointed out.
John held his breath.
“I do,” the boy said softly. “I want to go. I want to learn, Mycroft, you know I do.”
There was a silence as dark and empty as a grave.
He didn’t want to do this over the phone. Mycroft probably had it tapped.
John went back to his food. "Great," he said, bitterly.
John stayed over at Sherlock’s – in the spare room, as was the requirement, according to Violet Holmes. She might have a vague idea of what they were up to, but as long as they were separate at night, that seemed good enough for her.
The hand on John’s belt moved away. “You don’t want this one. He’s a Fallen Omega. Already up the duff with someone’s kid. Not mated or anything. Stinks of an alpha who isn’t his mate. Needs teaching a thing or two, don’t you reckon?”
No one.
“Oh…”
As if sensing John’s internal battle, Sherlock nudged John’s jaw, moving his chin out of the way to attack the spot just beneath John's ear. He kissed hard, and then bit.
“Yes,” Mycroft checked his cuffs. “I’ve explained to Sherlock that I’m taking Mummy away for a few days. Entirely within mobile service, and he or you can call at any time, and we shall come straight away.”
“Right, everyone,” Violet came out of the kitchen, a cake in her hands. A single candle was lit in the centre of it. “Are we all ready to sing? Someone get a camera. Mycroft!”
John doubted he’d be biting through kitchen utensils anytime soon, so changed the subject. ‘Did you see that thing on the news? That drug that stops omegas having heats?’
“Is that essential?”
“But you started a relationship with him.” It wasn’t a question.
Sherlock swallowed, hard.
Mycroft stared. “You’re serious?”
a different voice of thought came to him.
Sherlock smiled.
He puzzled over the feelings all the way back to his office, then forgot about them as he started on his latest pile of marking. He was just worried about Sherlock’s wellbeing, that was all.
Another silence.
John looked out of the window, rather than answer.
“I’m sorry,” John added.
‘I don’t want you in my shadow,’ John said. ‘I want you beside me.’
“John?”
The staff around him exchanged glances.
“Yes, a month or so,” Sherlock’s mother said. She looked back at John. “I understand Mycroft and Sherlock have made you aware of Sherlock’s deadline.”
“Come on, then” John held his hand out.
“Please, don’t,” Sherlock held a hand up. “You… you helped me, back at the hospital. You’re the only one, really, who hasn’t kept on trying to suss me out. I don’t want you to change that.”
“See you later,” Sherlock peeled himself away. “Bye.”
“Stealing is a sin,” John said seriously.
“I…” John swallowed, and tried to gather his thoughts. The silence was oppressive. The things he wanted to say didn’t seem to want to come out. “Eurus? Did Sherry tell you Sherlock and I are expecting a baby? You’re going to be an auntie.”
Sherlock is trembling, still. The tremors will take a while to fade, if they ever completely do. He touches John gently, like asking permission, and John allows him to. His spidery hands are on John’s neck and arm, and
And then it was over, as Sherlock panted hard, the boys retreating, Mycroft on the floor, hand to the back of his bloodied skull.
Victor made a spluttering noise. “You expect me to believe that? He’s your mate. You’re bonded. Of course you wanted him. And after you had sex in our flat two days before?”
"Not too busy to fuck the recruits?"
John looked through the rest of his documents as he did so. The papers had hardly seemed worth looking at last month, but now it was most definitely time to get his affairs in order.
Standard.
A nurse came around the corner. “Are you alright, sir?”
“If you feel you can. It would help me to understand, and to make a plan of how we can work on making you accept what happened, and not let it affect you now.”
‘Next time you feel the push, you need to help it,’ Sherlock said firmly. ‘Not to spoil this romantic mood of anything, but it says you need to push down like you’re on the toilet.’
“I can cope with one bedroom,” he said, filling in a tick-box form, “but I’ve ticked two as well. Just… on the off-chance.”
There was a pause.
,” his mother wailed. “Oh, Sherlock – all the time I sat plaiting and brushing your beautiful hair… why have you done this?”
Cam stood over him, hands on his hips as if he’d done nothing more pressing than pick up a book. “I believe you owe this young man an apology.”
Sherlock clutched his wrist, afraid John would move his hand away. “This is all wrong. We don’t even know each other.”
Not to mention dealing with James.
He gave a small wave, wondering who, if anyone, knew what had transpired over the summer. He couldn’t help checking the area for Victor, but couldn’t see him. There was always, he realised, the chance he had had his results posted to him if he lived with his new mate.
"I was not as flashy with my status as some were, but I did dress with the times. Men's fashion has come so far, it's so much less restricting."
John pulled a face, and sipped his drink again. Eurus had been the one to tell him Santa didn’t exist, his first Christmas at the manor. He’d been so upset he’d hardly spoken all day. Not that anyone noticed.
John was aware of the change in attitude, even if Sherlock didn’t realise he was doing it. It was subtle, but it was there. Sherlock’s eyes would flick over to watch if John was lifting something heavy, or if he chose to eat something out of the ordinary (Marmite on carrot sticks was a current craving of John’s).
“In Sherlock’s defence, I did ask Mycroft to tell him to come and help me,” John had to offer up.
He grabbed James by the neck, and slammed him hard into the wall. He cracked the heel of his left hand over the alpha’s scarred temple. Then kicked his legs out from under him. James fell hard, his legs twisting, banging his coccyx and hands painfully.
“I’ll ask, if I have to.”
“Present Mathers with the evidence, and allow Patterson to arrest her.”
“Ok,” Sherlock picked his toast back up. “I don’t think it’s anything, personally. I don’t even feel warm.” He finished his toast and moved onto a yoghurt and two bananas before he had to leave, each item of food making John more nervous. Omegas ate a lot before their heats struck – because during heats their digestive systems all but shut down. And Sherlock had never been a breakfast person.
As he kicked through the water biting into his skin with cold, John was grateful that the one decent thing his drunken father ever did was teach him to swim. On the island, it wasn't seen as something you needed to know - after all, a half-decent sailor should never end up in the water - but it was serving him well right now. If he could keep his legs moving he might even be able to -
"The files are online," he indicated the laptops, "and there are paper copies, too. They should be identical. Scott’s body isn't here, they repatriated him the next day. We don't have good enough cold storage to keep someone for long."
“You just said you needed new clothes.”
“I guess it’s been a while,” John wiped at the corner of his mouth with a finger. “I just… want everything. There’s more, and I…”
“I need to go,” Sherlock said regretfully, pulling away. “I can get a cab from here.”
“John… it isn’t mine.”
“John?” Sherlock suddenly felt trembly, and it wasn’t his usual sort of shakes, at all.
Sherlock dug his nails into his palm.
He slowly raised his hands, showing they were empty. “I don’t want any trouble.”
“If I remember,” Sherlock grinned.
? He didn’t know
“Sherlock, be polite,” his father said. “Here, rest it on the table.”
He put his hands either side of John’s skull.
There had been nothing since that day in the woods, where Sherlock almost learned to ride a bike (the scab on his leg hadn’t come off yet), but every time they looked at one another it felt like they were opposite poles on a magnet, straining to get in contact with one another.
The teacher sighed, and waved him off, and John pelted from the room, trying to think which direction Sherlock would have gone.
The only surety he had was that James had both desired him and tried to keep him. Had scented him without permission. John had hit him, hard. And only later had it come out that James had known all along about John’s abuse at the hands of Sherlock’s father.
“He needs to nest,” Sherry’s voice came from somewhere above. “Sherlock, get him into bed. He’s going to go into shock, and he’s
‘Something bad,’ Sherlock whispered back. ‘I mean, I think you understood the biology.’
“Boy…friend,” Sherlock said, lamely.
Violet shook her head. “No, darling, you can’t touch him.”
John couldn’t ask him to go cold-turkey from that.
"Living when I hate myself so much," Sherlock looked up, his eyes shining. "Mummy... I'm a boy. I'm a boy who has periods. Who has breasts. Who doesn't have... what he should. I know you don't like it. I know. But you can't like it less than I like living with a body that doesn't look like it should."
“Just little things that give you away,” Sherlock smiled, going back to kiss at John’s jaw, feeling him tense. “It’s alright. I knew the first time we met, but you never seemed to want to discuss it, and you always chose to present as a beta, so…”
John was sorry for not listening? Well. That was fair enough. But it didn’t matter now, anyway – Sherlock was managing the whole thing by himself. He didn’t need anyone else to get involved.
Sherlock was clattering about in the bathroom, as usual.
“Where in the name of
And he was probably right – John had sudden growth spurt and outgrew his school uniform and shoes to much complaining from his mum – but it didn’t make anything feel any better. John was on edge and emotional at every turn. He even got sent to the head teacher’s office after fighting during a football match.
“How?”
“Warn me?”
Suspecting that was all he was going to get out of the vampire, John started writing an email to his sister. He couldn't mention the investigation, or Sherlock, so instead he rambled on about the heat, and the food, sending it without any real news. She'd send him an annoyed email back, if she remembered.
“I wonder if there’s something wrong with him,” people would say.
“I think they thought I was hosting some sort of pastry party,” Sherlock said, putting a paper bag on the table. He took off his coat, and came over, searching for a plate.
“If they’d bitten him…”
"John-”
“You could.” Sherlock kissed him again. His skin was ice-cold, even to Sherlock’s lips.
“It’s an option we have to consider,” Poppy said.
John Watson
“Or,” a voice made of black ice came from the doorway, “his alpha might overhear what you’re saying.”
John thought,
Didn’t he?
“No,” he said. “Not really.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Being an alpha means I don’t have to think about being one. That’s my privilege. I don’t have to consider my identity at all, because it doesn’t prevent me from doing a single thing.”
John went red, that same blush he had worn in the cave, and for the first time Sherlock wondered if it might be an emotion as complex as
“That’s still very young,” John said gently. “I don’t think you realise quite how young that is.”
“You’d better,” John said, a touch more aggressively than he’d intended. He saw Sherlock bite his lip and glance at him. “Um, just a second…”
“It’s beautiful,” Sherlock said. His expression had softened, but into something John couldn’t read.
“Well, in my opinion, anyone who allows their omega child outside for rough sports is asking for the worst,” Cam shrugged. He snatched a glass of wine from one of the wandering waiting staff. “I suppose to some families, their value isn’t known.”
Though it was now threatening to become Spring, it was still cold out, and John wondered if Birdie was warm enough on the floor, before there was a ring at the doorbell. He was reluctant to leave her, as she was threatening to roll over any day now, so picked her up and took her with him to answer it. She growled in displeasure at being removed from her fish, before clutching John with her strong little fingers. He adored that. When he first went back on scent blockers, Birdie had cried when he picked her up every day for a week until she got used to him and remembered who he was. That had been awful, but now they were inseparable again.
“They were both betas,” John said. “I don’t think they quite understood what it was to be… me. They were a bit embarrassed about it, I think. So, after they died, I ended up living with Sherlock’s family.”
Lestrade gripped his shoulder. “Sherlock. If they wanted him dead, they could have done it in the tube station. John was alive, right?”
“Mm.”
“And… he asked something of me, in return. In my state, I didn’t think it through, and I just… did it. It was only afterwards that I realised my mistake. Creating another vampire wouldn’t bring back the man I’d killed. And the one I’d created had already been a jealous and conniving man. I felt nothing for him but regret over my actions.”
John’s inner alpha grumbled in annoyance at being told ‘no’. “Tea, then.”
Sherlock kissed at his throat again, moving down his body to his clavicle, even licking once at his chest, and making an interested noise.
Lestrade and Mycroft made disgusted noises.
“If you did have to get me from school,” Sherlock was so red John half-thought he might ignite, “what – what would happen?”
Mycroft arrived home at four, carrying several shopping bags that he dropped in the living room. “For you, John,” he sighed, wiping his brow dramatically. “Clothes, a phone, and a netbook. I’ve made some enquiries about school, but it does look as though you’ve started the holidays early.”
“-and Lance Corporal Smith will be on hand to answer any questions.”
John met Sherlock's eyes. They observed him with a quiet scrutiny until finally, John sighed. "It's not what I want.”
"Let me go to sleep, John. I'm exhausted."
John forced his eyes open, though he felt tireder than anyone ever had in the history of the world. ‘Did it go ok?’ he croaked, throat dry from the oxygen. He vaguely remembered being wheeled down for surgery, whilst Sherlock stood, covered in snow and holding onto a baby, watching him vanish down a corridor. The ambulance hadn’t been able to get down Baker Street. The paramedics had to stretcher John and the baby (Sherlock following with a rucksack full of clothes and supplies) down the street through the snow. John had held tight onto his crying baby, the foil blanket they were wrapped it glittering in the bright white of the still-falling snow. He didn’t remember much after that, besides a few snatches of being prepped for surgery. The anaesthetic had erased the majority of the ordeal. He did remember shaking like a leaf as he tried not to panic, shock setting in at the blood-loss and aftermath of pushing a human being out of himself.
John sighed, and pulled him into a close hug.
Sherlock kissed John goodnight, and went off to his own room, the unpleasantness with Jim still hanging over them, but it was clear from Sherlock’s behaviour that he hadn’t received the same message John had.
He left the café with as much dignity as he could muster, and leaned against the wall outside. He needed the loos, but wasn’t going to walk back in there. He’d go across the road to the library, first. And then back to the baby shop. Christ, this was meant to be a quick visit, and now it was turning into…
He didn’t need that, not after today.
“Damn, your eye’s going to be go black,” Victor peered down at Sherlock’s face. He frowned. “Jeez. Does it hurt?”
Sherlock nodded, and went back upstairs to John.
‘Yes,’ Sherlock kept replying. ‘Are you?’
“But how do we know this isn’t a beta woman?” John asked.
“There’s no alternative!” John shouted. “I’m going! Fuck you, and your fucking rapist of a dad. He’s not going to ruin my life. He’s not!” He kicked over the coffee table, and marched up to his old bedroom, slamming the door so hard the frame splintered.
He flipped through them, tempted to open them but knowing it would be painful. He put them aside, and took out his laptop, instead, checking his emails. There were two from his commanding officer, asking him to RSVP to a medal ceremony, and one from James Sholto.
“I’m yours,” Sherlock breathed, going pliant under John’s touch, surrendering his arms up near his face, so John could take hold of one of his wrists. John’s fingers gripped around that pale skin and jutting bone, holding his omega still as he dropped his hand between their bodies, breaching the line of Sherlock’s trousers, and running a feather-light touch over the erection there.
But it wasn’t Sherlock.
Bringing them to the bed, Sherlock broke the kiss as he allowed John to get situated, though John hardly let Sherlock more than a few inches away from him, capturing his lips again once he was situated, his legs hitched up, squeezing Sherlock's waist.
“You are useless,” Sherlock teased. “Look, just watch me.” He switched the game onto single-player mode, and, after pausing a moment, climbed to sit between John’s legs, holding the controller so they both could see. “Ok, so you just…” he pressed ‘Play’, and the game started again.
“What was what?”
“Or I could die a miserable omega mother who amounted to nothing more than a mate,” John said. “Is that what you want?”
“Right… you always reply, though.”
He grabbed a t-shirt and a hoody, pulling them on before deciding to wash his things straight away – he’d need the bras dry for tomorrow, after all.
John turned quickly to the window.
Reading Week came along, with the students taking a week off to catch up on their coursework / go out drinking, and John was grateful for the week off lecturing, even if some of the more keen students turned up at his office more often then he would have deemed necessary.
“Of course I can tell! Why were you keeping this a secret, Sherlock?”
“Seriously?” John blinked in surprise. “But… we don’t act any different, I don’t think. He’s still as much a dickhead as he’s always been. And I’m still… a boring old doctor.”
“I know,” John patted his back. “Why don’t you take a shower? If you’re ok for me to make your bed up?”
“Not yet,” Siger’s face was like thunder.
Sherlock nodded. “I think they are.”
‘Why?’
John had to stand, and stride into the kitchen. He poured water into the kettle to keep his mind occupied, and turned it on, not even bothering to get mugs out.
“You know full well that Eurus is a unique case. Her problems are not yours, and vice versa. At the very least, she is a murderer. She’s killed someone.”
“I mean: I’m not going to bite you. You’re a kid. I’m not going to do that.”
John stared. “Is that even possible?”
Fisher beckoned John over to where he was standing with Mycroft. Mycroft was glaring daggers at John, who couldn’t really understand why, besides the fact his brother was dying and John hadn’t saved him, couldn’t save him.
And Sherlock parts his legs, just a touch more.
Sherlock shook his head. “He’s not! I don’t even have heats!”
The tentacle wrapped around his hardening cock, and squeezed.
“Yeah, but maybe I’m an early bloomer.”
“How you feeling?” Sherlock said, touching John’s cheek with the back of his hand. “You’re still really warm.”
John liked boys. John liked
“How would you feel about doing a bit more on-call in the community? The police are always looking for doctors to verify deaths and so on?”
“Just until I fall asleep, then?”
I don't want to repeat a lot of what I've said in the comments for the previous chapter, but please bear in mind that I will add tags to this fic as I go along* - that generally means after chapters have been posted. It's how I've always run my tagging system, and honestly I've never had complaints until now. I also can't answer questions in the comments that ask me to spoil the plot (e.g.: what will happen when / is Character X going to be in this / etc), I'm sorry, but it isn't fair on other readers who might come across it and have the fic spoiled for them.
“You’re honestly turned on by that?” John asked, voice soft.
“I… I don’t have a bad voice, sir. My teachers say.”
“But you live with him, how does that work?” Victor folded his arms, looking not angry – concerned.
Sherlock gave a soft moan, rolling his hips against John as he pressed a digit inside, flexing, feeling the soft wetness of John’s insides. Though John would get wet naturally, they’d both agreed that the wetter the better was the way to go, and the lube made it so much easier to begin to slide in and out of John’s hole, his strong muscles clamping and releasing the single finger, moving steadily out almost to the tip before plunging back into the sweet vacuum that soon had John whispering: “Two.”
“He did. He told me you told him to fuck off.”
There was a pause, and a few mutters.
“I… haven’t thought about it,” John said. “I don’t care what gender the baby is.”
Ok, he was, but he still felt guilty about it.
Sherlock indicated left, and pulled off the carriageway into a residential street, parking up, to John’s surprise.
When he got home, Mycroft was on the phone.
John shook his head. “It won’t matter. If he wants her… Legally…”
“You look very smart,” John said, ordering two of the blazers. “Everyone else wears it.”
“Mm,” Sherlock closed his eyes. “I might need more convincing, I’m not sure.”
“Then what?”
“No, I – I don’t know…” John realised his mistake, and tried to pull away.
“You don’t want me,” John snapped. “Go away!”
‘Maybe, but I’d like to know. Are you happy for him?’
Sherlock lifted the front of his jumper to his nose.
“Murder, apparently. I’m at my niece’s Christening, else I’d go myself – I know, in your condition…”
“Mycroft was over-exaggerating. You’re coming home with us. I promise.”
“Eurus!”
“John,” Mycroft half pushed him away. “That isn’t going to happen. Trust me.”
“Well, we can soon sort that out.”
John smiled sadly. “It should be what I want, too. But here we are.” He twisted his arm and caught Sherlock’s hand in his own. “Come on.”
Sherlock nodded, and went into his bedroom, leaving the door close-to.
“I doubt that will matter, with a mind like yours.”
“Afternoon, John,” Mycroft said, once Sherlock let him in.
Sherlock pulled his lips taut in what might be called a smile, if you were being generous. He glanced back at John, and nodded, once.
Sherlock was trying very hard not to panic. He was tired and shaky as well, and nearly tripped down the stairs as he carried towels and gloves back into the bedroom. John was still on the phone, shirtless and standing up, sweating so much he looked like he might drip.
John seemed to read his thoughts, for he put his hands on his belt. ‘Something you want to tell me?’
“Never found that yourself?” John kissed his cock.
Sherlock sighed.
Sentiment.
“I suppose I’d better,” John smiled, and kissed his mate once more.
After only a few strokes, Sherlock released his grip on John's cock, unable to bear witness to John's pleasure without participating.
was on the television. He felt tense all over, and had done for days. The whole
when I only see you now and again.”
Sherlock was in Chemistry (one of the four A-Levels he was taking), taking notes on the teacher’s lecture, when it happened.
"Corporal Brooks' file was amended, yes." Oliver looked at John, who didn't make a single expression. He liked the coroner, but this was a serious matter. "It was... We often tidy up files. To make them easier to understand."
“So… big day,” John set two mugs of tea down.
John swallowed. “O – only s…” he couldn’t look Mycroft in the eye. It was a gross thing to own up to, particularly to an alpha. “Scenting my neck.”
“Good night, Sherlock,” John said brightly. “I’ll see you shortly, I expect.”
John couldn’t take his eyes off Sherlock. The last few months had transformed him. Where before he was a skinny kid with a mop of curls, now he was a slim and toned young man with soft curls and cheekbones to die for. There was a rash of acne on both of his cheeks, faded red beneath the pale skin on top. John didn’t mind that at all – it was the same story on his forehead, after all.
“John’s my best friend,” Sherlock said.
“Alright,” he forced out, voice barely a scratch. “You’ve broken my neck. Listen now? I didn’t turn you. Listen – to – your – blood –” Sherlock ran out of air, and gestured lamely at John’s body.
“I didn’t tell her to say those things,” John said. “I swear.”
"No. It's barely a five. I don't leave for anything less than a seven."
He got into the car with his husband, and tried very hard not to scream.
John looked as though he was slightly amused. “Yes, Sherlock, that was a kiss,” he said. “But this time…” His thumbs softly brushed Sherlock’s jaw before their lips touched again, only this time there was no firm dry press. John was moving his mouth, just enough, just a little for the
“We need a new fly-half,” the coach boomed at him. “And you might be just what we’re after.”
Sherlock followed her directions, and stopped in front of John's room. Relief flowed through him.
“Mm.”
“Pregnancy is nice,” Sherlock said, innocently.
“Well, think about it. Sixteen is awfully young to leave school,” she shot John a look as if he was dragging Sherlock from the building, kicking and screaming.
He looked at Sherlock at the same instant that Sherlock looked at him. They both went scarlet, and turned away.
Sherlock grit his teeth, and turned away. “I shouldn’t have had sex with you. Are – are you still on the pill?”
‘Ok, I won’t propose.’ Sherlock fumbled for a tissue, and mopped at his face with it. ‘I don’t know what I’m going to do. I just…’ tears started afresh in his eyes, burning his nose and throat, ‘I just want to go to university, Mycroft, I just really want to learn…’ he covered his eyes.
"Am I... Am I going to be arrested? Discharged?"
Mr Bute, the violin teacher, had Sherlock front and centre for the festive concert, and clapped louder than anyone after Sherlock’s solo of Silent Night. It was the highest of praise. The party that followed was the nicest Sherlock had been to in all his life – there was no alcohol, but there were cigarettes and things that looked like cigarettes that the omega students passed around on the rooftop in the frozen air. No one was going home for Christmas – it seemed like they were in too much of a private world to leave it behind.
Cam had saved him.
like a typical boy, but he still was one, inside.
Sherlock stared, as if he’d been slapped. “You thought I only wanted you because you were an omega? John – I left you when you started your heats. I never pressured you…”
The drive from the East Midlands had been long enough, though John had fallen asleep half way through, his Nintendo falling into the footwell and staying there for the duration. He woke up as the family car ran over a raised cattle grid, long out of use, but still there, as if the Holmes gardens were overrun with sheep and cows.
"Not for now, anyway. He's in hospital in Canterbury. Recovering,” Mycroft said.
“I see…” Sherlock looked uncomfortable. “I understand omegas need more, er, looking after. Than alphas, I mean.”
Mycroft gave him a searching stare. ‘You’re going to propose to Magnussen.’
It took twenty minutes for them to come unstuck. And in that time, they both cried, they both laughed, and they stayed wrap in one another’s arms as though they would die otherwise. It was exactly as it should be.
John looked away, rather than at the two boys.
Sherlock turned his body. “How?”
“It was a small puncture,” she showed him the scan. “It will heal by itself, now. To be quite honest we’re more concerned about the bruising and trauma to your throat. And the transfusion. You… lost a lot of blood.” She turned a page. “Once we take the lines out, you’ll have to wear a neck-brace for a couple of weeks.”
John glanced at the side-table. There was a bottle of water on it, thank god. He leaned a hand on the table to reach the bottle.
John stared. “No… no, this is what I’d choose. If I could. I’d rather have dirty knees, and grass stains, and sweat... Than a big house and an alpha I don’t understand, and his bloody parents.”
“No,” Sherlock turned his head to the side to speak. “No, that was… I feel better, now. About being here. Feels like I belong.”
John bit his lip. “Sherlock… you will remember this. Whatever you do here, you will remember. Don’t start what you will regret being unable to finish.”
“You’re welcome.” Sherlock took his mug, and arranged the pillows so they could sit up beside one another. “Do you want –”
Over the school fence, Sherlock could just make out a flash of blue lights, driving down to the reception building.
John considered, looking at their daughter. “I liked a few before she was here, and I think… since she’s so little… Pixie.”
It didn’t make John feel any better. If anything, he felt worse. The whole idea of Sherlock killing… again… Suddenly, he felt extremely tired. This wasn’t something fleeting, like James Sholto’s attitude, in the barracks, months ago. This was going to be John’s entire life. Sherlock, always ready to kill. Enemies from before John was even born. Sherlock would never stop being a vampire. And John was…
“John! John, wake up.”
“And when, little brother, did you plan on introducing me to your flat-mate?”
“Because I know a murderer when I see one.”
Siger didn’t seem to care. “You don’t scare me, flatfoot. Eurus is
“Sit down,” John pushed his shoulders until his knees gave way. “You want to scent the baby, but he needs help, first. Let them look after him. The last thing your son needs is an angry alpha storming into his nursery.”
"Oh..." Sherlock watched his friend close his eyes. He looked ruffled and exhausted. He'd slept in his clothes, and washed in cold water, that morning. Broken sleep.
John looked up. “Sherlock… I came here to talk to you, not to trick you into… this. I want to… I didn’t know you were in a relationship. Mycroft never said.”
reason, ok?”
“This game is basically maths,” Sherlock twiddled the controller as his tiny car on the screen responded. “Angles, probability… the algorithms collecting data… It’s not difficult.”
Still. It wouldn’t happen again.
Sherlock wondered what the price would be for that particular favour.
“No, thank you…” John didn’t bother worrying about the caffeine in the tea. He could afford one cup.
His frightened, pain-filled cries only made Magnussen fuck him harder, as deep as he could get.
“I’ll contact him,” Mycroft said, eventually. “I’ll inform him of your… circumstances. But I cannot drag him to you if he doesn’t wish to come.”
“Molly?” Sherlock said quickly. “Molly, it’s me.”
He needed Sherlock.
John tensed all over. Was James near rut? How long had it been since he’d been with an omega? And John was right there, all that time… and now he was angry… “James,” John said, in his doctor-voice. “James, think about what you’re doing. I’m your friend. Your pregnant friend. Calm yourself down. It’s ok.”
“You mean outside a heat,” Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “You want me to choose you… outside of a heat?”
? John’s brain helpfully supplied. He ignored it. “Um. You don’t want me to interview?”
John gasped, wrapping his legs immediately around Sherlock’s hips. He gripped hard, delighting in how Sherlock couldn’t be stopped from bearing forward, his hands scraping over John’s skin, raising gooseflesh in their tracks, making John shudder and chase the touches, wanting more, more, more…
“Mind?”
Craig, the bully, looked from Jim to Sherlock, his eyes narrowed. “So… he was a girl, and now he’s a boy?”
“I don’t want to load my problems onto you, Sherry,” John said.
John looked up at the ceiling. “Mycroft thinks we should all go out.”
Sherlock cuddled him closer. “John. Your first –”
“I know.”
He didn’t need to be reminded of that every time he looked into a stranger’s eyes.
“She’s not. Not physically,” Sherlock smiled sadly. “There are more reliable sources than Sherrinford to learn biology from. Here,” he pushed open the door to the library, and went in, John following.
And, for a moment, he thought he saw Sherlock close an eye.
Sherlock could find no pleasure in the compliment. “I don’t know about that.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes slightly. ‘John’s her dad,’ he said firmly.
Mycroft drummed the steering wheel. “Still, you should have used a cubicle.”
“Ok, I think we can rule that out,” Tabitha laughed again. “And Sherlock? How do you feel about him, John?”
They rested for a moment, drinking in one another’s eyes, whispered promises moving in the space between their mouths, kisses half-earnt disappearing into the room.
“Then what’s the point? No one else is going to want to be with you.”
“Then you’re a slut already.” Siger gave John’s neck another sniff, and John’s knees threatened to give way. “You’ve been close to an alpha boy. Very close. Did you kiss him?”
“Please,” Sherlock stood in the hall, trying not to look out of place.
me you wouldn’t rush into this. You don’t have to get bonded, and especially not to that – that man. What are you thinking?!’
“Ah,” a man with grey hair straightened up from where he’d been kneeling on the floor, and came to face John. “I’m Detective Inspector –”
He wasn’t standing long.
"The arrangement was for your thirtieth year, or my heat, whichever came first? Weren't you expecting me?"
“Erm…” Victor swallowed hard, his eyes flicking to John, who must have been looking murderous and probably smelling of pure possessive jealousy. “Yeah, it’s an essay. Miss Poppy wants it back by Monday to make up for you missing these two days…” he zipped up his bag. “How’ve you found it? Your eye looks pretty bruised.”
“No, no, I want his help, actually,” the policeman held the files up. “Can’t seem to get a straight answer on this one.”
The cashier gave him a knowing look, glancing at his bond-bite as she scanned them through. “That’s three pounds, dear.”
A painful snake of jealous longing coiled around John’s insides, and squeezed. He let it, let the feeling soak into him, trying to make peace with it.
“Cheers,” he took a few dry slices, and bit into one, trying not to think about his empty stomach.
“It’s not about winning, Sherlock, not for me,” John came over, and took Sherlock’s hands as if they’d known each other for years. Somewhere, in Sherlock’s deepest mind, those false-memories of what could have been accepted the gesture, and glowed. “It’s about keeping you safe. I’m your guardian angel, and I want to protect you now, as I missed out on being able to protect you whilst I was alive.”
“Fuck!” John gently withdrew his finger, then returned it, only this time it was accompanied by another.
John felt like telling Mycroft to go and find Sherlock and his baby immediately, but settled for asking for his chart, instead. Mycroft handed it over, and John quickly read through the notes. ‘Blimey,’ he said, eventually.
“But this… this is a family photo. Mummy’s birthday, if I remember rightly…” Mycroft’s frown deepened. “Sherlock, are you quite sure this photograph has never been online?”
‘Go to sleep. It’s night, anyway. Things will be better in the morning.’
“Ever.”
A blur he would never have been able to see shoved him against the wall. His eyes went wide as Sherlock shoved his face close to his.
John nodded. “And when you do, you’re a….”
“Hello,” John knelt beside the sofa. “You look really well, you know that?”
Sherlock’s ideas of morality were very different, as was his appearance. His hair was as dark as it ever was, his skin pale enough to look otherworldly, not just anaemic. His red eyes gleamed with interest. It was obvious that, despite all of his complaints and threats, he couldn't stay away once Lestrade waved the scent of a puzzle under his nose.
“Please – ” John began to blurt in panic. “Please, I – I’ve got a – please –”
“We can stop at Tesco?”
Mycroft dropped a thick envelope in front of John on Christmas Eve. “Early present.”
"Sounds great," Sherlock smiled, going even redder. He looked back at his phone.
His alpha wasn’t coming.
"Who betrayed you?"
"She took away my ability to die. I've never hated anyone so much before. But I regret it now."
Sherlock dully realised he couldn’t really feel his body, anymore. He felt like a fuzz of white cloud. It was happening, yes, but it wasn’t really happening because he couldn’t control it. He knew what he was doing. Cam said so. Whatever this was, he’d done it.
“I meant that there is a way for you to become Sherlock’s property, in such a way that other vampires would be unable to harm you,” Mycroft said.
Sherlock took a breath, and put a foot on the framework, heaving himself up. In the distance, church bells were beginning. Christmas Eve. As fine a day as any to do this. What was Christmas but another day of
He had figured out that the barely-there bit of fabric was some sort of lingerie for omega men, but the idea of wearing it in front of Sherlock made John feel like he was going to come out in hives.
He twisted his arms, and dropped the two bras with a sigh.
Sherlock looked up. “What?”
Victor seemed to agree, as they whispered at the door.
, but Sherlock could probably feel it against him anyway…
Sherlock moved quickly, and put his arms around John. The omega was trembling, holding back tears.
Sherlock froze, caught.
“When were you going to tell me?”
"You absolute arse. I've never seen your eyes closed. I didn't know what to think," John said, a hand over his chest.
s. In fact, it would have sounded strange if they had. They both knew now, and that was all that mattered.
“Oh.” A boy turned from facing the window to look at his visitors. The backlighting made it difficult to see his features. “I hadn’t realised the time, Mother. You should have called for me.”
John looked up. “They are real.”
John sat back. “I don’t get why he couldn’t come home, though. Does everyone go to these… what did you call them?”
“No, I sit with you because I want to. Me, John. The doctor whose house you live in.”
“Yes. Sir. Terms starts tomorrow.” Sherlock didn’t know where this
“You smell like love and sex,” Sherlock kissed his bond-bite scar. “And softness, and home, and pregnancy, and…” he nipped the skin, enough to make John shudder. “I don’t want to let you go, this morning, for some reason.”
John checked his drip, and pressed a button on the machine for painkillers.
“A choice, then.”
Joseph grinned wickedly. ‘And then I’ll get all his money and be a free man on my yacht with my diamonds,’ he flared his hand as if already wearing dozens of heavy rings. ‘Older men know how to treat an omega, my mummy says.’
John opened the fridge. They’d need to get take-out.
“Ok.”
Sherlock was waiting in his office, sitting on the desk, swinging his legs. “Mycroft got you,” he said, as John closed the door.
“No.” John held the glass up to his eye, and squinted through it. “No, I didn’t think you’d be interested.”
“We know. The doctor on call noticed it,” Greg looked deliberately over at John.
John took a steady breath. “I… want to see a therapist.”
Sherlock moaned hard, his curls fanning out on John’s chest for a moment before adjusting his weight and letting himself sink inside.
Thank you for all your support with this fic!
It was a question.
“Har har fucking har,” John drawled. “Get a grip.”
“No stranger than anything else. They’re not hurting anyone… but they can’t publicise it. Lestrade used to be bonded to an omega woman. That bond was broken when she slept with another alpha. It made both of them severely ill… I’ve theorised that this stress on his system has caused him to seek other alphas, but… it is only a theory.”
Sherlock came then, the fire inside him spilling into John as he gave a final hard thrust, deep inside, to the hilt. John swore, his legs shaking and slipping down from Sherlock’s shoulders, crashing into the mattress as Sherlock collapsed down as well, catching himself just short of falling on top of him.
“Should’ve got you to carry me over the threshold, really,” John said, breathlessly, chasing Sherlock’s mouth again. And winning it, briefly, until Sherlock kissed at the hinge of his jaw, and leaned back slightly, his eyes fixed on John, an intense stare.
Sherlock tore open the envelope, and pulled out some folded papers, which he read, and then looked up in shock. “Father?”
John squeezed his eyes shut, for a moment. “I…” he shook his head at himself. “It’s a… family thing.”
“I don’t think I can do this,” John said.
“Well,” John said, “I hope your work makes you happy, Sherlock. Don’t wait up.”
“Yes…” Sherlock couldn’t go with this man. He would find out his name and realise his address was still, officially, Baker Street. He’d be taken back to John. He couldn’t face him like this. “I should get going…” he started to move away.
John crushed him against the wall, grinding their hips together so Sherlock had to gasp at the sharp pleasure.
He didn’t want anything.
And yesterday, they had… oh. Oh!
‘I think I got an hour when she was asleep during the day.’
Someone heavy sat down beside him on the bench. "The fuck?"
“Only you get to see me like this,” Sherlock said. “Everyone else thinks I’m a twat.”
He broke into a run.
‘We don’t have a hand-mirror, only big ones.’ Sherlock brightened. ‘Use the forward camera on your phone?’
“John, this is Sherlock Holmes,” Stamford introduced them. “Sherlock, John Watson.”
“So... you do want him?”
‘You’re doing so well, John.’ Sherlock’s voice filtered through the pain-blanket. ‘Just take some deep breaths. In, and count to ten, out and count to ten.’
A high-pitched girlish giggle that kept on coming as Greg snapped handcuffs on her wrists, and told her anything she said could and would be used against her in court. She kept in laughing as he called for backup, for an ambulance…
John kissed his mate’s temple. “No, Sherlock. He’s nothing to do with her. She’s half me, and half you. She’s ours. He’s nothing. He’s not part of this.”
John was running entirely on instinct. Six years without a heat had tipped him over the edge and into the realm of mindless want. But
When John hit fifteen, there was another omega heat at school. Quinn came in after the weekend looking as happy as a clam, beaming from ear to ear as he sported a very red and angry-looking bite-mark on his neck.
A proposal.
“I mean, you’ve got to watch that sort of thing, haven’t you? Even betas, I guess, have to be on guard. Nice guy, army pension, decent job, you get some woman or omega who, er,
“…you know what I mean,” he added.
Mycroft bit his lip. “He’s going upstairs.”
The date hadn’t gone well.
“Then let me go?”
Lestrade watched this internal wrangling for a moment. “Did you think about the baby?” he asked. “Or just John?”
Sherlock walked past the houses, the numbers jumping up by hundreds as some of the houses were converted into flats, or returned to houses… the street was a shamble of numbers, but finally, he stopped outside what was, apparently, Molly Hooper’s house.
John nodded. “Pretty much.”
“Still,” Sherlock said, “I would like it if he had… opportunities.”
“He said things to me. I didn’t like it.”
Sherlock wished he didn’t care. "I have the ability to induce a sleep better and safer for you than those pills you take. You would have woken feeling much less like you've been run over by a tank."
“I know,” Sherlock turned his gift over in his hands, and squeezed it. It was soft. “I thought we’d get more time…”
As the seventh hour rolled on, John moved from restlessness to utter stillness.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock laced his fingers together. “He… he just said it, and then we didn’t say anything, and then we said ‘bye’, it’s a nightmare.”
Sherlock had a boyfriend.
“Shall I change?” Sherlock drawled, sarcasm rolling off his tongue.
“Fucksake. I pick you up for fighting, yet again, and you’ve been smoking drugs. What else have you been up to, today?”
“I don’t know what I’m
It felt far too strange to wake up alone.
Sherlock glanced up at the ceiling.
“No!” John wiped his mouth. “You can’t just kiss me and expect this conversation to stop! Christ, haven’t we messed up enough by running before we can walk?” He took a steadying breath. “Do you want to be part of this, or do you just want me, because we are a package deal. Got it? You can’t have one without the other, and you just don’t seem to be –” John stopped, mid-rant, as Sherlock put a hand to his bump.
“He hasn’t done anything. He hasn’t… forced me, or hurt me, Victor. John’s a good guy.”
“Oh, is that all?” Mycroft sighed.
John needed to find someone to love.
The doctor nodded, musing to himself. “If I’m going to recommend you as a pass, John, you need to switch onto the military-issued shot. That means, you’ll have to stop taking the pill you’re on. Have a heat, naturally, and then come back for your jab before you get the bus to Catterick.”
‘There’s no money. There never was much, but now there’s less than none.’
It was later than he’d thought.
Popper and streamers went off, and everyone turned to embrace the person next to them. Sherlock watched as Cam shook hands with some banker or other. Violet and Siger were kissing and scenting, Mycroft was hugging some old aunt of theirs.
Pleasure from vampire bites wasn't a secret - someone humans actually sought it out, though they tended to live rather fleeting lives. Vampires did not appreciate being the subject of a fetish. But the heady rush people sought also fired up other bodily responses.
All three of them looked at each other in horror immediately afterward.
And when it was finally over, Sherlock barely had the strength to sit up.
John started biting the skin around his thumb.
It was so natural, to be this close to him. Sherlock’s chest was still sore, but the wound had closed up neatly, and his stitches had been removed. The day after they were taken out, Sherlock had been horribly dysphoric, and John and Mycroft had stayed up with him all night as he cried and shook and hid in his duvet because they wouldn’t let him go to the bathroom unaccompanied. He was better the next day, when his new antidepressants kicked in again, and John sat on the side and watched him shave his face, even though he barely needed to. John understood that. It was a masculine action he had control over.
“It’ll do him good. Living alone doesn’t suit him. Right, Sherlock, what’ve you got for me?” Lestrade marched over, John trailing behind, thinking.
Messily.
“You took too much!” Sherlock sobbed. “You never… you never looked at me as if you might even one day… you said you didn’t want me!”
“Or a wheelchair?”
a horrible, evil, voice said, in John’s mind.
“I am doing,” she smiled, and nudged John forward. “Say hello.”
John was just completing some paperwork at the nurses’ station, when Mycroft Holmes coughed to get his attention.
John’s chest gave a clench, and he swallowed at the sight of that pale slash of skin.
"Sherlock, just hear me out. I mean what I said before. I mean it. You're not a monster. If what I've seen from you is anything to go by, you're not--"
The midwife nodded, ticking a few boxes. “Very wise. Now, John… have you told the father of the baby about your pregnancy, yet?”
John bit his pencil. If he was pregnant, he could have the baby and look after it on his own. He wouldn’t need Sherlock anymore, because he wouldn’t have heats for nine months, and then afterwards they wouldn’t be the breed-or-die horrors they might be – omegas’ drive to breed was less forceful after a pregnancy.
“You’ll do no such thing,” John pecked a kiss on his cheek. “Back in a sec.”
“But what if?”
Sherlock couldn’t think. And for once, he didn’t mind. It was as though he had retreated into some deep part of his brain, where he was watching himself from within, and yet also from the outside. The pain was but an echo as someone, who looked a lot like him, grunted in a most unappealing fashion as they pushed a human out of themselves.
"Happy birthday."
Sherlock put a hand to John’s hair, gasping as John nosed and kissed at his cock, before sliding a hand in to part the fold of cotton, and dragging a thumb over the pert head of Sherlock’s cock.
But he did.
John shoved his chair back, and cleared his throat. “I’m going to get dressed. See you in a sec.”
“We must stop meeting like this,” Sherlock smiled gently. He looked tired. John wondered if he’d slept at all.
“Oh,” Sherlock put the card in his bag. “I don’t know. My parents are sorting that. Is that… an omega school?”
“No,” Sherlock grit his teeth and snarled at himself. “Get. Up.” He dragged himself upright, and scanned the street for a cab, a bus stop…
Sherlock frowned. “Feel… what do you feel? You mean, emotionally?”
“How? Were you engaged?” John asked. He played rugby with Max.
“She’ll have to stay in for a while, John, I’m sure you understand that.”
“Yes. I thought… I thought if I could let you go, then we might be able to be together, if from a distance… I miscalculated.”
"So...” John swallowed. “How does this go. I just… sit down and let you have a go?" He sounded bitter, somewhat resigned as he spoke this time.
what if John figured out that it was Sherlock who had driven Cam to kiss and touch him that time? What if John found out that it had been Sherlock’s fault?
Sherlock tensed, but didn’t say anything. John knew why. He’d already been on the pill for a year. When he got to Uni it would be three years. Add another three years of a basic undergrad, or five for medical training, and his fertility would be ruined, and possibly other aspects of his health, too.
Sherlock took a deep breath. “Would you explain to me... what I need to know?”
“I want... to make you feel good,” John said softly. “Explore you. Find out what makes you tick. You can deduce me, I’ve got to do my own investigating...” John started on Sherlock’s trouser button.
The sorrowful memories of poor childhoods rang out between them, like a wet finger on crystal.
John closed his eyes in defeat as he called Mycroft’s number. He needed to let someone know the flat was safe to re-enter, at least.
‘We can’t walk, no,’ he was saying. ‘We’re in central London…’ he rolled his eyes at Sherlock. ‘Ok, so what do I… right, ok. Thanks.’ He hung up.
“Hello,” John said, once the last students had cleared off. “You ok? You look tired.”
The man nodded, and looked at Sherlock’s father. “Would you mind?”
"Is that the coroner?" Sherlock said suddenly, pointing subtly to the man he'd been eyeing.
John touched the spot where his breath had misted up the window. “I’ll get her out, one day.”
Was that…
“I don’t want you to… be angry with me.”
“Ah. Maybe talk to him, yeah?” Joe stood, and took a card from his belt. “Put my name on your application. And get those good grades, yeah? Army doctor is still a doctor. We want As.”
Her eyebrows went up. “And he’s… ok with it?”
to say something?” Sherlock asked, his eyes very steady, arms holding John gently.
John opened the student-records on his laptop, and gave Sherlock’s a quick scan. Aside from grades, and names, there was nothing to help John know what sort of student he would be dealing with.
Sherlock paused. He would have to let go of the bed eventually.
This chapter is from Sherlock's POV. Enjoy!
“I don’t need wings to fly,” John laughed. “There’s more to wings than flight, and there’s more to flight than wings. Here…” he let the two of them descend slightly, onto a building’s rooftop. John’s grip loosened, and Sherlock staggered to his feet, catching his breath as John brushed his jacket off mildly.
“Maybe just have a beer ready for when he leaves,” John sighed. “Don’t think he’d appreciate the alcohol content in advance.”
Sherlock could only lie there, and take it. He had no fight left in him. He’d failed John. Failed him so badly he deserved this beating and more. John had tasted his first blood. He was a vampire, now, for ever. Lestrade… who knew if he would survive that? Sherlock was a failure. He’d failed to protect everyone he… He’d failed to protect everyone.
Sherlock put a hand to his mouth to prevent himself from snarling.
“The – the army?”
John shook his head. “I asked, subtly, in the staff rooms, about off the books procedures. Unfortunately, it’s a sackable offence.”
John ran his hands over Sherlock’s legs, gripping the muscles of his thighs, feeling Sherlock shudder in response.
John did as he was asked, though, and pumped lube onto his fingers before sliding two of them easily inside Sherlock, making him bite his lip and raise his hips, chasing the penetration before John’s hand withdrew, and settled at the base of his lubricated cock.
Sherlock hadn’t been paying attention to how it happened, but the skinny young man who’d been running around so far was now a superhero. He was muscular, and tall, and he was utterly transformed. Sherlock gaped at the image.
John didn’t bother asking how. He sat back, holding onto the leather of the seat until Mycroft parked up in front of a central garden, surrounded by a crescent of houses that had long-ago been converted into flats.
“You should be a detective.”
Sherlock blinked. “But… but you know I’m…” he blushed. “You know what I did, you were there.”
John forced a smile, and went back inside. He was back at school himself the next day. It was going to be pretty lonely.
Not in words John could understand, at any rate.
“Sherlock dislikes omegas, now,” John said. “He never used to. But now… he resents the fact I am one, because it keeps us bonded. I can see it. But Mycroft says he wouldn’t tell him that. Who else is there?”
Sherlock thanked him, and left, the dingy street getting dingier as the drizzle started.
Sherlock couldn’t think of a good reason to stay hiding in the kitchen, so followed his brother back through the house. There were a lot of guests already, but that was nothing new in the Holmes’ household. They barely needed an excuse for a party at any time, and Sherlock was used to the house being busy. He spotted Mr Watson feigning a smile as he spoke to Sherlock’s father, and deduced that Mr Watson was worried about his job security. Mrs Watson was complimenting his mother and lying profusely about how much she liked her dress. Harriett, of course, was absent, being away at University, and John…
“Whatever will Mummy say?”
Sherlock thrust.
“Indeed. Come on, hail a cab. I want to catch another ride before this afternoon.”
‘Yes.’
John reached out with a finger and touched at Sherlock’s erection through his trousers. Sherlock gasped. John grinned. “Make that one minute.” He darted up the stairs as quickly as he could.
"That he won't even read," John snorted. Then bit his lip. "I mean... Maybe he won’t read it in depth. He gets busy."
“Not quite. The samples I’ve run in the past tend to undergo a change within the first eight hours…” he checked his watch. “Or perhaps twelve. Is it really ten at night?”
Sherlock was lying down, propped up on his elbows in seconds. He watched, cock aching, as John undid his own shirt and walked over, the tent of his own erect cock, though smaller than Sherlock’s, deliciously enticing. Sherlock sat up and reached out a hand. ‘May I?’
John’s heart was hammering.
Sherlock was alone, with a corpse.
“Yes. Wasn’t that clear?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. ‘Hold her like you did before, not flat. That’s it. And let some milk drip onto her tongue so she can taste it, and when she’s calmed down, let her suck.’
John swallowed. "So, you weren't always like this?"
John put his hand to his mouth. The words were old-fashioned. Traditional.
“You made this room specially,” Sherlock touched an empty picture frame.
Sherlock looked up. “…why?”
Stay safe.
Sherlock must have felt a ripple of tension go through his muscles anyway, because his kisses reduced in their fierceness, and instead became gentle caresses of lips on skin that made John shudder. Gooseflesh rose all over him, and he gasped as Sherlock licked the delicate, over-sensitive spot below his earlobe. His trousers suddenly felt unpleasantly tight.
And he rode off, fuming and hot with anger, through the December evening.
He turned in the air, and vanished, heading for Baker Street station. He would meet John there, and explain, and ask him to reconsider, one last time.
John thought he might die of embarrassment as he said “yes” to Sherlock’s touches. He wanted this, but he was afraid of what he might get. He’d put a finger inside himself in the past, who hadn’t? – but this was different. Sherlock had those massively strong and powerful tentacles that expanded in girth much larger than John knew any man could handle. And, wrapped up in them as he was, he had no escape. And he
“She’ll never leave, if she comes in.”
Lestrade spoke first. “How’s it really going, Sherlock? Asking whilst John isn’t here.”
The bus pulled up at his stop, and he got off to walk the rest of the way, thinking absent-mindedly about John, and how long it had been since they’d seen one another. Not since April, and it was now July. Sherlock and Victor’s GCSE exams were over, and they were both enrolled for Sixth Form, to start in September. Someone had paid Sherlock’s school fees. He suspected it was John, as Mycroft would certainly have mentioned it.
“Alright then,” Tabitha made a note. “In that case, let’s get that statement from you, Sherlock. We won’t be too much longer, here.”
Cam put a hand to his head as if he was going to ruffle Sherlock’s hair. But instead he stroked, fingers through the strands, down to Sherlock’s chin, which he held for a second before releasing. “Have a very happy Christmas, Sherlock.”
Sherlock pinched the sheet beneath him in his thumb and forefinger as John looked over his cock. The large, obviously-alpha appendage was already half-swollen, the soft foreskin creeping back from an increasingly dark pink head, invitingly.
John’s nightmares had not completely subsided, even now. And when they first moved in, John would wake up shrieking, the covers tangled around his legs as Sherlock pelted up the stairs to his room to calm him. Sherlock would sort his bedclothes out, and ask if John wanted him to stay. Sometimes, John would refuse. Other times, John would say yes, and Sherlock would climb in and hold John gently in his arms, scenting him softly.
He kissed John on the forehead.
John frowned. “He vanished. He didn’t stay to see?”
‘He’s a rapist,’ Sherlock said.
This was not going somewhere Sherlock typically allowed.
“It doesn’t matter.” Sherlock turned to look at him. “You’re… you’re going to have a – a baby, and on your own, that’s…” he shook his head. “What are you thinking?”
Sherlock smiled at John. “Are you alright?”
John whimpered, his body going soft beneath the alpha’s, his head rolling to one side, exposing his throat, where Siger sniffed delightedly, rutting against the bedding, his erection obvious even through the thick covers. He licked and dragged his teeth over John’s throat, and John couldn’t do a thing about it.
John leads a lecture on anatomy, and Sherlock comes for his test.
"That's a very loaded question, and really not the reason you’re here.” John pushed his breakfast away. "Let's be clear, ok? I don't do anything I don't want to. But that doesn't mean everything I do is top priority. My top priority is my job. Being a doctor. Looking after people. That's what matters. Not who's sticking what into who."
Sherlock picked up a piece of toast. Then frowned. “One thing I don’t understand.”
“Yeah… You look like you’re struggling, though,” John nodded at the bulge straining in Sherlock’s trousers. “D’you want me to –”
John's scent flooded his senses.
bullshit because I know what happened to me. I said no, he did it. End of. But maybe I could be a mum one day, with a loving household, and someone who cares about me and the baby we decide to have. Maybe. But that’s not where I am, is it? I’m not in… I don’t have…” he put his face in his hands.
