He slowly turned the stake in his hand, a finger brushing along its base. Jane tilted her glass, finished it off, and smiled, blood dripping down one of her fangs. She stood, facing the man before her.
He locked eyes with her, and after a moment she nodded. John let her go and moved quickly towards the door, hoping to catch up with Sherlock before he left the hospital.
John smiled, and pulled Sherlock closer. They would have a great deal of trouble in the hours ahead, but this moment was theirs alone.
His room, upon first glance, appeared clean. It was only when he stepped closer to his closet that the chaos became more noticeable. An old oak dresser, turned to the side, had been disassembled to reveal a panel at the back of it that held a menagerie of weapons. Predominately made out of silver, the various blades and chains caught the light and reflected on the dark walls around them. On the floor lay a collection of guns, which John in his haste had lain out as he tried to decide which would best suit his task. He had chosen his army pistol in the end, but going through his usual routine gave him a sense of comfort. Now, he found himself opening a separate panel above the others to reveal a small refrigerator. Within, neatly arranged and labeled in a fine script were plastic bags – discreet, opaque, and kept on hand at all times, just in case. He had kept the men downstairs for a reason – they didn't need to see this. Not quite yet.
The other man's calm expression fractured and he snarled as, with a soft click, his fangs popped out, pressing gently into his pale lower lip.
John frowned some more.  The whole thing smelled fishy, but it beat the hell out of staying with Harry or taking up residence at another bedsit.
Sherlock sat up then and narrowed his eyes. “You don’t think I can?  I deduced you the night I met you.  In the dark and in the throes of an incredibly nasty withdrawal, I might add.”
“She’s not at home,” said Molly as she walked toward her car, which was parked at the back of the house, by Lestrade’s garage.  “Went to the shops, and then for tea with Mrs. Sommers.”
“Yes, yes you do.  Vain bastard.  You’d look good in anything you wore.  Jesus.  I’d better not say that.  Next thing I know you’ll be decked out in heels and knickers, or even worse,
“I’m having a bath,” he announced, pointing a finger in Sherlock’s direction, “and you’d better hope to God we have porridge oats left and that you haven’t used the last of the Benedryl.”
loved Murray.  He had, maybe part of him still did, and it had been real and intense.  They’d had sex just once but it had been so...beautifully human...that John’s heart ached just thinking about it.
“I had a pair,” said John from his place on the floor.  “Two pairs, actually.”  He didn’t mention that he bought them because he thought they’d make his teenaged self look taller and harder. Harry had done exactly the same.  “So, could you find out when ours were made?”
Sherlock’s eagerness filled John with a sense of invincibility, an abundance of joy; it made him feel potent, powerfully virile, vibrantly alive.  John pushed his finger in just a fraction, just enough for Sherlock to feel it, before withdrawing it and extricating himself from Sherlock’s arms.  “Well,” he said, standing, cock stiff and bobbing before him as he climbed quickly out of the pool, “you’ll have to come and get it.  Maybe this time you’ll win.”
Sherlock deposited the skull on a shelf and turned until he deemed it just right.  “Black moods,” he replied.  “Of course I’m depressed.  Textbook, really.  And no.  Absolutely no antidepressants.  Slows down my mind.”
“About a year now.  Just a bit of extra cash.  I’ve been around animals most of my life,” she explained.  “I understand them, I guess.  Sometimes better than people”.  Molly chewed on her lower lip for a moment.  She really was charming in her own way, John thought.  Socially awkward, yes, but kind.  “Actually,” she said, finally deciding to share something more personal, “I’m going to study histopathology.”
“First editions, I’m sure,” said Sherlock, looking absolutely fascinated.  John wanted to laugh.  Sherlock
“...I mean, haven’t you studied...hair and all that...before?  How on earth could you have missed that in your obsession with all things dead and dying?    You just saw a hairless corpse and that big brain of yours just went” - John pitched his voice lower and did his best Sherlock impression- “Oh, perhaps I don’t know everything there is to know about genital grooming practices because I really don’t like to look at them, not my area and all, but maybe they really are fascinating if people go to such lengths to...”
Toby bounded into the brush and came back, the bird in his mouth.  He dropped it at John’s side and sat obediently.  John did a little victory dance right there under the big open sky before reaching into his pocket for a doggie treat.  About fucking time.  “Feel like pheasant tonight, mate?” he asked, scratching the dog’s ears.  He reloaded.  “Let’s go.  Flush ‘em out, that’s it, off you go.”  The dog took off.  John pumped the shotgun.
“On the third day I went exploring.  It had rained in the night and the ground was rather slippery.  I had climbed a small hill to get a better view of the English Channel but lost my footing and slid.  Unfortunately for me, I was wearing nothing but my swimming shorts when I landed in a patch of stinging nettles.  Mycroft heard my cries and came to my aid.  Mummy showed him how to soothe the stings with dock leaves.  Mycroft stayed up all night and read me
Sherlock continued to stare out the window at whatever had captured his attention for a moment more before finishing his coffee and placing the cup in the sink.  “I’m not taking the train,” he announced.  “Boring!  I hate the train.  All those people.”
“Seems like the sort of thing you'd like,” Jane answered, sitting down across from John and gesturing John's friends towards the empty seats. “I visited your grave.”
“My eyes are not what they once were,” George said, apologetic. “Particularly during daylight hours. These old bones are not used to being above ground at such a time.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, terrible. Not important. John, do you remember when Moriarty put a bomb in the flat across the road from us?”
The ride passed in silence, and neither man spoke as the car wound its way through London. After half an hour, it pulled up to a large building that John didn't recognize. Mycroft directed him into the building, which was silent and free of people, and took him up one floor with the elevator, not speaking a single word to him. Walking along a few halls, Mycroft stopped outside of two large, heavy oak doors, pulling a key from his pocket to unlock them. Standing beside the opened doors, Mycroft gestured for John to enter. Turning his back on the vampire for the first time, John could feel the hairs on the back of his neck prickling, and knew he was being watched. Once far enough inside to give himself distance from Mycroft, the older man entered and shut the door, a subtle click echoing through the spacious room as it locked.
“You think there's a serial killer running around London killing people with a garden fork? And I'm the one who isn't supposed to be suggesting anything?”
“For Christ’s sake, Sebastian,” John said, “Why would you want a war? Power? Innocent people will die.”
“Drained of blood, killed at night, it's got to be the same person,” Lestrade said, nodding, still looking at the corpse, which Sherlock was continuing to examine. “It looks like an animal wound, though, that's what most of the officers taking pictures thought – but what kind of animal has that kind of bite? It has to be human behind it. Now it's a matter of figuring out what weapon they used.” Lestrade shook his head. “This was supposed to be more straightforward.”
“He turned Mycroft himself,” Moriarty said, glancing over at John. John was confused, but didn’t take the bait.
After some time, and a brief, very welcome period of silence, John heard Sherlock's voice calling from the kitchen. “How much blood can be lost by a human being before they lose consciousness? Simply to confirm.”
John accepted this plan, and immediately began making a call on his phone. He did not receive a busy signal, only silence. He tried a second number, and was met with continuous ringing.
John thought about that for a moment, watching the sun as it reached the edge of a distant building, and departed soundlessly. He chased after Sherlock, but his friend neither slowed or responded to his questions, and left in his own cab. Even at Baker Street, Sherlock wouldn't speak, throwing slides and papers towards the trash before changing into pajamas and curling up on the couch.
The car pulled in to the cracked driveway that circled around the front entrance of the lobby, or what would have possibly been called the lobby in the hotel's better days. As it was, when the pair entered, they were met with a wave of stale air and dust. The foyer was sparse, decorated with a few outdated chairs and dim lights; all together, it was perfect for the pair.
“Lunch?” Sherlock asked, hands in the pockets of his long coat. “All this walking should have earned it back.”
“A murderer you haven't exactly caught,” John said, still defensive. “How else do you think we were found so fast by a group of people keen on killing us? I don't have bloody vampire GPS attached to me,” he muttered, opening up his phone again as he turned away from the pair of men behind him. Sherlock was unusually silent.
“Undead… All right. Between this and ‘band of reprobates’ you have to have roped me into the world’s worst practical joke.”
“Mary, she was on holiday while I was working in Hungary. She was supposed to go back home, but she just… stayed. With me. The first time she met me, I was covered in vampire blood, and she was totally unphased. Insisted that I tell her everything, actually. She thought that all the danger was interesting.”
For a moment, it felt as though John and Sherlock were alone in the vault, the chaos around them a blur. With his last vestige of strength, Sherlock pushed John’s hand away and gazed at him quietly, thoughtfully. Through a voice choked by blood, Sherlock rested a hand on John’s neck, and murmured, “it’s fine.”
Rubbing his eyes, John leaned over to Mary’s side of the bed. She had been gone for two weeks on a mission on his behalf, but that hadn’t stopped John from pretending she was still home, and continuing to keep his keys and alarm clock on her side of the bed. Greeted by darkness, he gradually noticed that the blue light from the alarm clock was gone - dead, it looked like. His phone charger had stopped working sometime in the middle of the night as well. Grabbing his ID tag, he pulled on a fresh pair of jeans, slipped into some casual shoes, and headed out into the halls. Above, the emergency lights were dark. John frowned; even the backup generator had a backup generator, and he was meticulous in testing their emergency systems.
Gabriel shook his head. “You’ve got me,” he said. “I was in the map room with Andrews running a simulation for that raid we’re doing in Balagha. Suddenly it sounds like the gate is being ripped off its hinges, and six dozen vamps start raving in.”
“No,” Greg said, sounding as offended as he could manage, given the circumstances. “It’s mostly” - a brief coughing fit - “desk work.”
Carefully, he walked down one of the hallways leading out to a side door, and slipped through. Almost immediately, the blast of an explosive threw him back against the door. This time, he wasn’t lucky enough to avoid striking his head, and saw a haze of stars in front of his vision before he could see the scene before him with any clarity.  Once he did, he was struck by a sense of horror: ahead of him, one of the heavily fortified gates hung open. Chaos in the central yard of the base reigned, and bodies - both military and otherwise - lay across the ground. Some groups appeared to be fighting with one another, while across the road from him, bleary-eyed soldiers who were just as confused as John were exiting their own barracks.
Lestrade and Sherlock had managed to subdue the vampires that attacked them, backing one into the jagged edge of a broken crate, and forcing the other out of the alley entirely. John, breathing heavily and picking gravel out of his bloodied palms, tongued at his split lip and stared in to the darkness, watching something neither Sherlock nor Lestrade could see. Mycroft moved forward slightly, guarding part of Sherlock with his arm, protective until the end.
“Gabe?” he called, and the man turned back around once more. “Make sure I’m left alone until tomorrow evening.”
John shrugged at Sherlock, in part a conciliatory gesture, and to some degree to agree with the detective inspector. “He knows. We'll be there soon.” With a click, John hung up and slid the phone back into his pocket.
Sebastian spoke again. “Imagine it - vampires throughout the world, virtually unnoticeable because they walk in the sun. All under Harker’s control - sleeper agents. They’ll go about their lives as normal - blood drinking aside - until their master calls. And when he does… the war can begin.”
“Not my people,” John replied, “More like the vampire underworld. It's your standard subculture-oriented club, there's just a bit more of an appreciation for blood involved.”
“Sherlock did, actually,” Mycroft said, leaning back, and trying to look as dignified as possible given his current status. “Why hemlock?”
He rolled his eyes. “Yeah, and I do this every day, you know,” he said, and started muttering about the insane divergence his life had taken. Slipping past a crowd of pedestrians just outside the alleyway, Sherlock led the group to the emergency entrance. It looked the way it had earlier in the day, grime on the sides of the doorframe untouched.
Greg nodded. “Couldn’t hurt to keep London up to date, even if they’ll think this is a wild goose chase.”
Jane sat down again and rested her elbows on the table, watching as the group left and the door swung shut. She poured herself another glass of blood and sipped it thoughtfully, considering the task that John would be undertaking. Just as she came to the end of her drink, she heard a creak, and had the unmistakeable feeling of someone watching her. She turned in her seat and tapped her fingers on the side of her glass.
“Same to you. Try to actually sleep at some point,” John ordered, pointing at him as he left the room, and shutting off the lights in the main room as he headed towards the stairs.
“Oh, and here Mycroft was telling me you weren’t any fun,” Moriarty said, clapping his hands together. “Not as fun as Sherlock, anyways.” He turned to face him as he spoke his name. “Did you miss your brother,  I wonder?”
Mycroft nodded, keeping his eyes on the man ahead of him as he pulled out his own phone and turned from the group, speaking softly to one of his employees.
John surveyed the room. By now, a little over half the vampires were either killed or incapacitated. That was good. However, with Sebastian unattended, in the midst of men and women grappling with two times their numbers in vampires, things were not yet in their favour.
“Molly’s fine,” Lestrade answered firmly, more confident than John had seen him in days. “At the British library. I’m sure George will explain,” he said, gesturing at the man adjacent to him. John didn’t press further on about Mycroft’s absence.
“Cemeteries and churches,” Sherlock said, and left the chair, walking towards the map. When he got close to it, he ran his fingers along a few of the streets and then looked to John for confirmation. “Hallowed ground.”
If you subscribed to CH, I'm letting you know here that there are a few extra bits and pieces of the story that are posted
“Didn’t you want to at least go out and interview him?” John asked afterward, still in awe of how Sherlock connected data together to form an incredibly accurate picture of a probable scenario.  “Just to confirm his story?  Maybe she’s actually in trouble.”
“Mmm.  Did you find anything?”  John made to sit up but heard Sherlock shuffling out of his clothes.  John moved over to make room for him.
His orgasm hit him.  He honestly hadn’t expected to have another, but it was happening, his bollocks drawing up and penis jerking as the climax shuddered through him.  “Fuck!” he yelled as he began to spurt over his fingers.  “Sherlock!”
As I have never been there, I have opted to make my own Stately Home.  I saw the picture of the castle on an "abandoned places" article on Buzzfeed once and fell in love; then I went to the website and poked around, looking at garden pictures and getting inspiration for the main storyline.  Then I saw that Harewood actually had a color run in May sometime, and I thought, what a perfect opportunity to try to do someone harm.  It would be so hard to see anything, people all over the place, etc.  I wanted to give John a chance to shine as well as provide Sherlock an opportunity to show off, so this seemed the best solution.
“Hmm?” asked Sherlock, who was contemplating where to put his skull.  He tried the bookshelf, then relocated it to the mantle where he rested it on the antique edition of
of the stones, mind you.  We’ll have to find something to put them in.  A plastic container from the kitchen would be fine.  I’m going to need a razor blade, and…”
John was getting impatient himself.  He’d done all the necessary preparation and used nearly half a bottle of lube.  Maybe it was just years of denying his bisexuality that was holding him back, something buried away in his psyche.
Sherlock shrugged and his face twitchd, eyes drifting shut - he’d gone to the Mind Palace.  Nothing to do but wait - and watch.  Apparently whatever Sherlock had stored in there about hair removal was not much; he returned to himself after a moment and frowned.
Sherlock’s eyebrows came together in concern.  “But it was a really good shag.  The shag.  You, I mean.  Not this.”  He waved the muff.  A sad little tuft of hair fell from the split seam and onto the floor.
“You really do have quite the memory, don’t you?” asked James.  “Yeah, that’s the shoulder.  If I just apply pressure here, it gets the energy flowing.  Here,” he moved his thumbs slightly to the left, “is the trapezius, and here, the deltoid...”
“He won’t eat that,” she said, waving her hand.  “He hasn’t eaten anything.  It ends up in the toilet or on the floor.  Four of our good china plates -- smashed to pieces!”
Sherlock sighed again, ran his hand over his face and pulled at his chin.  He suddenly stood up, resolved.  “I know just the place.”
In which Mycroft makes an appearance, Sherlock makes a confession, and John finds himself in exceptionally good spirits.
Owens looked like he was struggling whether or not to invite John inside to wait.  John decided to push his luck.
Sherlock nodded toward a table on the far side of the room, and then made a visible effort to get out of bed, taking the dirty bowl with him.  He paused by the bathroom door as John began to pull off the sheets.  “I’ve just met you,” he said, still looking rather out of his element.
Anderson suddenly remembered he was supposed to be in charge.  “Mr. Holmes here thinks this is a crime scene,” he said with a haughty laugh.  “Thinks the lady there was poisoned by a pistachio!”  He laughed, a nasally thing.  John wondered how he’d sound with a broken nose.
“Dodgy spa practices, indeed,” said John, licking his lip.  “OK, I see that there’s something going on here.”
Sherlock is lounging on the sofa, still smoking.  There’s a near-empty packet of Silk Cut on the table near him, and the Queen’s own crystal ashtray is housing a city of dog ends.
But then, neither was Sherlock.  John had stopped counting strokes, and his eyes had closed of their own accord.  It was hard to concentrate on anything when Sherlock Holmes was in the throes of orgasm.  He groaned, shook, pressed himself backward into John and panted, his voice deep and raw.  “Please,” he said.  “Please, John, I’m, I’m....  Please tell me, say it, please…tell...JOHN!”
The local police weren’t long in coming, but it would take more than a few minutes to sort out all the details, and Lestrade and his team wouldn’t arrive until morning.  John made sure the officer in charge knew the basics and gave him the vial of what John was sure was some sort of medical-grade, super-high strength MDMA.  Lillian sat, quietly crying, as John explained.  His initial anger was gone, replaced by a mild sort of pity.  He honestly didn’t believe she was being purposefully malicious.  Ambitious, yes, but she wasn’t a psychopath.  She would now be facing manslaughter charges once they officially tied Brian Holleran’s death to the spa, and her other clients would likely press charges.
Sherlock twirled his own flower.  Swallowed a few times.  “I am sorry she does not return your affections.  I know I am a...distraction...to her.  Perhaps when I leave you will be able to capture her attention.”
Sherlock turned it over, opened the front cover, closed it, and looked at John.  His mouth opened and closed again.
“You know those aren’t even true petals,” said Sherlock, picking another one of his own.  “The flowers are actually the yellow things, here.  And these,”  he ran his thumb over the white petals, “are ligules.”
Oddly enough, he now found himself wanting to share that quiet with someone.  Lestrade was decent company, but the chemistry of a good mate just wasn’t there, not like he was friends with his old pal Damien back in university.  They had been true friends, almost brothers.  They hadn’t been lovers, but if John was honest with himself he’d be a fool to deny that he’d loved Damien dearly and perhaps not strictly in a platonic way.  But Damien got married and moved to the States and John hadn’t heard from him again.  And then there was Murray -- his friendship with Murray was...more complicated.  His loss was still a void John wondered if he’d ever fill.
“It doesn’t bother you too badly?” Sherlock asks, pressing the levers with long fingers and looking at John almost as if he had real concern for his welfare.
He had an affinity for sticking his nose in other people’s crotches and giving them a good sniff by way of greeting.  Wet nose right in the bollocks.  Embarrassed the hell out of Mycroft.  Redbeard would sit there on the stoop, tongue hanging out, tail wagging, waiting eagerly to investigate whomever Mycroft would bring home: friend, potential girlfriend, or business colleague.  Regardless of how many times we’d scold him, he’d just sidle up and give the newcomer a big sniff right in the privates, then reject them, soundly, and return to my side, where he spent most of his time.
Sherlock was silent, his arms still crossed. Short of making him a hot cup of tea, John wasn’t sure what the protocol was for situations such as these.
“I’ve gotta be honest,” Moriarty said, grinning and leaning over the chair behind the desk. “I wasn’t expecting you would actually show up. You took so long - did I cause you any trouble?” he asked, walking around the desk and surveying John.
By the time he was made a captain, he was already the unofficial leader of his unit, respected by his peers as well as the friendlier vampires he came into contact with. Though his team was officially based out of Romania, they travelled throughout Europe and the Middle East aiding vampire-human relationships and, when necessary, going to war with and destroying vampire covens. His reputation grew, and over time the attacks launched at the regiment began to target the doctor specifically.
“Cemeteries, mysterious notes, and plenty of murders, all of which have occurred under vaguely unbelievable circumstances. It's like an elaborate Christmas present.”
“Are the vaults open today?” He said, with a smile false enough that John looked up, brow furrowed, but undeniably amused. “Our map says they’re just down the road.”
“I don’t think Mycroft’s phone was confiscated,” Sherlock said, finally, handing the device to John. From the lock screen, John could see the simple, but meaningful message: below an image of overturned piles of earth, was the word “tonight,” signed MH.
Harker shrugged. “We disagree on the specifics of this war. I’m quite confident the humans will win - they’ve set down their bets on the opposing side.”
“No,” Mycroft said, finally pulling his head back. At first, his movements were slow, as though he consciously needed to think through each twitch of his muscles. As he gradually brought each of his limbs back under control, he moved more fluidly. Soon, he stood almost casually, his posture less rigid. He still felt the force of the other man’s will, the external force that attempted to override his bodily autonomy, but he was able to keep it at bay.
“Sexuality, it’s a, um – I think it’s a continuum,” John said, fumbling for words. He stood upright and banged a fist on the wall behind him. “All right, well then. Let’s go.”
Greg considered this, and was struck by a realization. “Old cops, all of them have these stories about unexplained cases. Huge, glaring irregularities that their superiors shrugged off and refused to speak of again. That’s what’s going to happen to me, then?”
John didn’t recall sleeping, but felt the remainder of that night, and ten hours of daylight pass quickly all the same. John sensed the setting of the sun outside, and slowly opened his eyes. For a moment, he didn’t remember where he was, or where he lay, until he felt a hand reach up to him from below, and wrap softly around his wrist.
Managing to get to his feet, he moved towards the washroom. As he turned the tap on and waited for the old plumbing to bring up hot water, he glanced up at the mirror. He couldn’t see himself, and was surprised to find that he was still caught off-guard by that fact. He counted himself fortunate that years of working late nights at his London office had given him the ability to make himself look presentable without the aid of a mirror.
“If it makes things any easier, if there’s a Council left to come back to, after this, they’ll help take care of explanations with your bosses’ bosses,” John said, pulling on some gloves.
“Anderson, he won't be there, will he?” Sherlock interrupted, having overheard John and Lestrade's conversation, and speaking loud enough that the man on the other line heard him.
Molly was adding pins to a map on her computer as Greg dictated addresses to her, and Mycroft would occasionally interject with a piece of information, like the best way to approach the location, or which areas would be less populated. More often than not, however, he sat silently off to the side, slightly slumped over in his chair, dabbing with his handkerchief at a persistent nosebleed that was coming and going. Greg was concerned, but wrote it off on stress. Mycroft only hoped that as the clock crept closer to midday, he wouldn’t grow any paler.
“Thoroughly,” Sherlock answered, kneeling down and gingerly picking up his phone, which had fallen into the dirt during the struggle.
“We can’t go through the streets carrying the big stuff,” he said, thinking just as quickly as he spoke. “That means we’re doing this without rifles and crossbows. Probably for the best. Sherlock, you’re taking my pistol, silver chains, and a shoulder holster. Greg, same idea, take the Ruger, bandolier and,” he looked around the bed, “a silver glove. Wooden and silver bullets for the both of you. You should have plenty of places for stakes, so grab a couple of those as well and make sure they’re covered by your coat. Oh, and whoever has room, take a crowbar. I don’t think we’ll be able to avoid it.”
Having fully caught his breath, John rolled Sherlock off him and to the side so they were face-to-face, sideways on the bed.
John was thoroughly enjoying himself, so much so that he forgot he was holding tightly to another man until the green fields, moors, and little villages gave way to Leeds’ urban sprawl.  At a traffic light he removed his hands from Sherlock’s sides in favour of the grab bar.  Sherlock seemed to know his way around Leeds well enough, and soon they were at the collection of mismatched buildings known as St. James Hospital.
“How could you possibly know that?  And no, I don’t.  It’s bad enough as it is.  I’m not an old man.”
John found his torch and cane from where he had dropped them, then shone the light around the room until the beam passed over a lamp on a table near an unmade bed.  Keeping his body turned to the man on the ground, he limped over to the lamp and switched it on.  The man flipped himself over and his arm flew up to cover his face from the light, but slowly he lowered it and glared up at John with a mixture of hatred and intrigue.
a little bit around where Sherlock was still buried in him for assurance.  Sherlock shuddered in response and held him a bit tighter.
“Really spectacular gardens,” Sherlock announced, unbuttoning his suit jacket and sitting.  “Seven separate bee species alone on the tea roses.”
“That’s for certain.  Amazing what some of the new kit can do.  Cancer treatments, for example.  Everything’s so much more precise, targeted.  Clean.  It’s beautiful.”
The phone at the front desk rang, Melissa answered it, and told Mrs. Jenkins that Lillian was ready.
“Well, John Watson, if I am gone by then, it was nice to have met you.  You are surprisingly decent company.”
One morning he wrote up Sherlock’s cat case.  He titled it “Vigilante Catastrophe” and after tinkering with it for several hours, proclaimed it fit for public viewing.  He hit “post” and went off in search of Sherlock.
“So what’s going on at Willow Cross that’s got you so interested?  Embezzlement?  Blackmail?”  He lowered his voice dramatically.  “Murder most foul?”
“Not that anyone took note of.  As I said, Mycroft was at school, Mummy was in town, and I was...busy.  My parents refused a full-time housekeeper, and Mrs. Sandhurst came on Mondays and Thursdays.  He was killed on a Tuesday.”
“I know.  But you got shot.”  She instantly swore under her breath.  “Shit.  I’m sorry.  That’s really private.  I don’t think sometimes.”
“What, no back alleyways?  Lestrade’s office after hours?  On the stairs of 221B after chasing after criminals half the night and we’re a sweaty mess?”
“It’s not boring, for sure.”  That was the thing.  Living with Sherlock was never boring.  It was actually...comfortable, in a strange way.  Sherlock needed him.  If a bottle of homemade shampoo was his way of saying sorry or thanks, so be it.   He’d take it.
He was midway through relieving himself when he realized that Sherlock had arranged all of the new products from yesterday’s ill-fated visit to the salon in descending order by height on the shelf that hung above the toilet.  The last bottle was the brown one, and it didn’t take a genius to see that it had been opened, the paper seal broken with a thumbnail.
“Jesus, you’re gorgeous,” he croaked out, amazed that such a sight sent his blood to boiling.  He was going to say that he didn’t know what to do, but he
“We’re just going to mess it all up again,” said Sherlock, emerging from the bathroom as John finished the precise corners.
He tipped it over and shook a bunch of rocks from it.  “It’s full of stones.”  John examined the boot, turning it over in his hands.  “The hook’s stuck in it,” he lamented.
“Really?”  John sucked in a sharp breath as Sherlock gave another little nip to the tender spot between hip and groin.
Slowly, they followed the gravel path toward the garden door, their arms brushing together.  John wondered whether Sherlock would enjoy holding hands and was contemplating whether or not he should go for it when they both noticed the roses.  Sherlock turned to John, smiling, his eyes shining and full of fondness.  John rummaged in his pocket for his penknife.  He gave it to Sherlock, who cut a stem with half-opened flower.
Molly looked sombre, turning over the packet to read the instructions printed on the back.  “I think it’s just the thing,” she said.  “It’s a little late in the season, but they’ll still grow.  Have you planted seeds before?”
He cannot find words to describe the feeling, though, and finds this vexing.   What exactly are they to one another?  He doesn’t know.  It warrants thought.
“Are we going somewhere?”  John looked at his duffel.  He had hoped that maybe they’d finish out the weekend at Willow Cross, crime scene or not.
“Oh come on, Dad.”  The kettle clicks; she gets up and makes herself and her father a cuppa.  “You’re still wearing your ring.”
They’ve met in a park; neutral ground.  The baby is sleeping in her pram.  She’s nine months old now and has already seen her fair share of vice and crime.  It’s too dangerous, and they both know it.  As it turns out, Mary is a fairly decent mother; John can’t begrudge her for that.
THANK YOU EVERYONE for following along, and, for the final time, to my beta and hopefully now friend, BettySwallocks, who really did so much work on this.  Amazing how two characters can draw two random people together across an ocean.
Just then, Sherlock shouted his name.  John looked over to see one of Barbara’s co-workers, Chris the runner who had just been talking to Sherlock, take off at a sprint.
“Delivering the post,” continued Sherlock.  “You rang the doorbell.  And since I am such an irresponsible son, I didn’t answer.  You knew my father was somewhere on the property, so you checked the garden.  And there he was, up on the ladder.  What happened, Mr. Owens?”
Sherlock was obviously well into it, too, for he didn’t instantly react; it was only when John pointedly cleared his throat that Sherlock’s eyes flew open and he released his hold on whatever he was pushing his dick into and scrambled up on the couch a bit, startled.  The offending thing was still there, perched on his crotch like a Palace Guard’s bearskin.  John squinted and spluttered and finally realised what it was: the unwanted muff, turned inside out.
“As I was saying,” continued Sherlock, straightening back up and taking a cotton swab and plastic evidence bag from his jacket, “it was the powder.  May I?” he asked Barbara, who was getting ready to be put into the ambulance.  She nodded and Sherlock gently swiped her cheek and chin before putting the swab in the bag.  “Motive.  Revenge.  To start with, I don’t think this was a case of attempted murder, so you can cross off what you just wrote down, Anderson.”
John doesn’t know what to say. He swallows and fiddles with his hands and can’t seem to define what he feels, what this means.  One just didn’t go out buying cottages to share with best friends.  This was a home, a future.  He can hear Rosie in his head:
“Must have been a heck of a job.  I can’t imagine how overgrown it was.  Have you shown your brother yet?” asked Lestrade when Sherlock wandered back over.
“Raging size queen?  What?  Did you get that from a magazine?  Jesus Christ, Sherlock, turn around and
“Let me see that.”  John, disappointed and incredulous, stood up and read the document for himself.  “Bloody hell!” he said.  He ran his fingers through his hair before turning to Sherlock’s evidence wall.  There were notes taped up everywhere; he walked closer.  “Donovan’s out.  We don’t even have another suspect.  How horribly convenient!” he said bitterly.  “A man is killed and no one sees anything out of the ordinary!”
“Hi,” he said, extending his hand.  “John Watson.  This is Sherlock Holmes.  Mycroft, his brother, gave us a bit of a surprise this weekend and sent us up here for a bit of relaxation.  He told me to ask for you in particular.  Says you give one hell of a massage.”
Sherlock put the pig livers back in the cooler.  “Yes, it is.  It’s too bad the police have their heads so far up their arses and their hands tied by all this bureaucratic red tape.  I use unconventional methods and pure logical reasoning.  Much faster.”
Sherlock shook his head.  “The apologies are mine.  I over-reacted.  It was a foolish emotional response that I should have been able to control.”
By the time the concerto concluded, Sherlock had managed to pull himself together.  He even joined in the standing ovation.
“But why,” said John, rubbing at his mouth and thinking, “would Mr. Donovan want your father’s buttonhole?  That doesn’t make sense.”
He was lying on his side, and there, not three feet from him, was Sherlock, who had pulled up a chair and was crouched in it, arms wrapped across his knees, staring.
“Really?  What was it this time?  A treatise on toadstools?  Oh!  Did you publish that thing you were working on last month?  With the Devil’s foot poison?”
“Don’t go to work,” Sherlock said at length, drawing the duvet up from where it had been kicked down to the end of the bed.  “Just stay here.  You can force me to eat breakfast and then we’ll have plain vanilla sex again.  Then we’ll find a case, get into a bit of trouble, come home and do it again.  In the sitting room.”
Mycroft stopped then, found his teacup empty.  He folded his napkin and put it on the table beside him.
Lillian explained the spa’s mission and various health philosophies in the manner of a superior holiday rep as they were steered past numerous bathing areas, each more ornate and inviting than the last.  John inhaled the warm, humid air, watched the ponytail swing, and tried especially hard not to imagine Sherlock’s perfect buttocks stuffed into tight, black Speedos.  He could daydream a bit; no doubt Sherlock was picking up every watery fact and would recall them all later.
“You’d better start by getting personal with the masseuses,” advised Sam cheekily.  “You know.  Test them out, get first-hand knowledge of, um, their hands.  I hear James gives a really good toe job,” she mock-whispered.
John slept alone in Sherlock’s bed that night.  Sherlock agreed to eat breakfast the following morning, but spent most of the day alone, crossing names off his list and rearranging his evidence wall.  He pored over the police reports before deciding to research ladders.  Around noon they both went into the garden to see if Sherlock could recreate the crime scene.  Mycroft, at his mother’s request, had got rid of the original ladder (“Stupid,” Sherlock bemoaned), so they hauled out the three that Lestrade kept in the garage and tested them for stability.
Sherlock manoeuvred himself so his head rested on John’s shoulder.  John could smell his breath, still perfumed from the wine.  “I know you’re tired.  We don’t have to.  I thought… maybe I could convince you, though.  I want to have you, here, one last time.  Be inside you.  In my bed.  Please.  May I?”
“Your tone of voice suggested that you were accustomed to giving orders.  You took me down easily enough with a move that was not martial arts but rather a hand-to-hand combat military technique.  I can’t quite tell in this light, but I’d guess your hands are still tan.  Your cane over there tells me that you were injured so it’s likely you’ve been honourably discharged.  You were brazen enough to go into areas you were explicitly told not to enter, so either you’re courageous or very stupid.  I’m betting on the bravery, which is probably why you were injured in the first place.  You were searching for someone who was in trouble, or...wounded.  Fucking hell.  You’re a doctor.  A military doctor.”  His eyes widened as if he had some tremendous epiphany.  “Oh! I see! You’re my
They sat there quietly for a moment, each lost in thought, until the robin flew into the garden to rest on the ledge of the birdbath.
In his defense, it had been eleven years since he’d slept to the drone of a dozen snoring men, and none of them had been bodily next to him at the time.  All John had been aware of was that there was a very loud, sudden, and foreign noise directly to his right, and that he couldn’t really be responsible for what happened when he was suddenly awakened by strange noises, now, could he?
For a few long moments Sherlock stayed still, eyes flickering over the body, mind engaged.  John looked away from the man’s naked arse, which was, indeed a very nice-looking arse as far as bodies went, and Molly gaped at Sherlock in something between horror and infatuation.
Setting his concerns aside, John relaxed his body and resumed his gentle stroking.  “Helping you think?”
“Generally true,” replied John, abandoning the muff to pull the shirt over his head and wiggle out of his boxer-briefs.  “In this particular milieu, that is.”
“By that time,” Sherlock continued, “I was already training myself to use logic to solve problems.  Emotion and sentiment were...complicated.  It was easier to disconnect.”
By late afternoon, the rain had dwindled to a steady drizzle.  He hoped his newly planted seeds hadn’t washed away.  He didn’t even want to think about the garden.  It had been filled with so much promise and now it just seemed...pointless.  Lestrade was probably right.  It wasn’t John’s place; he’d overstepped his bounds, meddled with something private.  He had, however, moved on.  Moved on from his bleak, lifeless slog, and he was a man again, not some soulless thing going through the motions.  He’d rediscovered the joy of living, and he’d be forever thankful to Sherlock for that.
John found his heart beating faster than usual, excitement coursing through his veins.  “Let’s go after him.”
“You certainly care about it,” said John taking the moment to determine the state of his own stubble.  He hadn’t shaved that morning - no reason to - and it was starting to itch a bit.  “I know exactly how long you spend on your hair.  Enjoy it while you’ve got it.  Although it shows no signs of falling out.”
“Yes.  Henry mentioned that he and Adam especially hated mucking out the stables, but my father let them fish in the pond when they were finished, which somehow made it worth it.”
It was midnight once Sherlock completed his latest rearrangement of Mycroft’s office.  He’d removed a large painting of Venice and taped up (you can’t poke holes in the wood, Sherlock, no) everything he considered relevant to the case.  John looked at the wall and realised there really wasn’t much to go on.  What good could a consulting detective do when there was no evidence, no suspects?
“Ta,” said John, then extended his hand.  Sherlock took it.  The moment stretched on longer than necessary.  John cleared his throat and extracted his hand. It was just a handshake, but something about it seemed oddly intimate to him.  Maybe it was the way Sherlock looked at him, those odd-coloured eyes seeing what no one else did.  He’d only known the man three days, but felt some odd connection with him.  It was a silly and romantic notion, but it was definitely there, strong enough to be acknowledged.  John nodded at Sherlock, who nodded back, before reluctantly seeing himself out.
John sighed as Sherlock dug through the box, inspecting each bag, eyes lighting up at some.  “Ooh,” he said, delighted, “an extra skin sample!  I love it when Sammy sends bonuses.”
While John did enjoy penetrative sex, more often than not Sherlock was the receiving partner, simply because they seemed to naturally end up that way.  John had awkwardly asked him the first time they had sex whether Sherlock was a top or a bottom, and he’d made it clear that he was indeed versatile.  Sex with John, however, had turned him into an insatiable bottom.  Sherlock loved the feeling of being full of him, John’s back up against his or holding his legs or clinging to his shoulders, the way John knew exactly the right angles and sensitive spots.  John did
Confused, John looked down and realized that both his hands were free.  What had he done with the walking stick?
The DI looked at John with surprise. “I’m doing more for my kids here than I would be back home. Trust me.”
“Right,” John said, pulling his hand back. His eyes were adjusting quickly enough, but knew that Greg was probably not quite as adept at seeing in the darkness. Greg, John noticed, seemed remarkably at ease sitting next to George.
John felt the implication in the increased beating of Sherlock’s heart long before he consciously recognized what Sebastian had said. That was the mistake he and Sherlock had been waiting for.
Slowly, John walked in, followed by a tall, pale man, an older gentleman in a suit – a politician? She could swear she had seen him in the background of a few news reports – a small, brunette woman, and a detective from the Met. She recognized him immediately, though she doubted he would remember her. She stood and walked around the table, stopping a few meters from John, who had also paused.
Sherlock pushed the door closed and leaned on it. “Stealing may be the right word, on second thought. We didn't really intend to return it. We promise to donate sometime soon, though.”
John’s voice was immediately cut off as a hand burst from the ground and grabbed him by the neck, pinning him to the ground. As he gasped, the body attached to the pale arm rose above the dirt and pulled him closer. The creature, whose fangs dripped blood from its blackened gums, gradually freed itself.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. It's ridiculous,” he said, pushing off from the wall, and starting to walk towards the main road at the end of the street. Sherlock, as he naturally did, moved ahead to lead the way.
“Yes, snakes,” Sherlock replied, now annoyed. He adjusted his scarf and turned, walking towards the door. “I don't know.”
The morning that followed Sherlock agreeing to take the case was fairly standard, as far as days with Sherlock went. John, unsure how long his day was going to be, cleared off the glass covered countertop, and forced a cup of tea and a piece of toast into his flatmate's hand. Sherlock, who had woken a few hours before him, had resumed jotting down notes about the crime scenes and possible connections between the victims, and was almost finished the process of transcribing his notes into his phone.
“Give him a moment,” John answered, arms crossed as he looked up and down the street. He had sworn he had heard something earlier – just a shuffle on a faraway rooftop – but he wasn't sure, and wanted to continue listening.
“No, I know – Tom and the others are absolutely involved,” John insisted. “I mean that I know he’s dead. I killed him a few days ago.”
“Right,” John replied. “The guys that died, the group of Americans. They were selected at the same time, so they stood out.”
“Perhaps I should take a picture,” Sherlock mused. “Send it to Mycroft. It would give him a heart attack.”
John looked at Mycroft in silence, and Sherlock began to look up at him from where he sat. Immediately John answered.
Evidently the conversation was being watched, because the rest of Gabriel’s team’s aim immediately shifted to legs and shoulders, rather than chests.
“It’s not like Harker had the real Book of the Undead. Who the hell knows, though. Maybe Dracula had a way back, and Abraham Van Helsing didn’t want to admit it.” John finally opened his eyes and smiled at Sherlock. “In the end, it doesn’t matter - devils or no devils, or all the devils at once. Seems a fine way to approach the future.”
John listened. The sound of footsteps, unmistakeable in the silent flat, thumped overhead. “Fuck.” He muttered quietly.
“What's the plan?” Greg asked, sitting on the arm of a chair. Molly walked towards the living room and Sherlock immediately began closing their computers down and packing them into bags with the rest of his papers and journals.
“It makes a bit more sense than us just hanging around a blood bank for the hell of it, doesn't it?”
Figures shifted in the dark and John realized that while he was focusing on Harker more vampires had entered the room - these ones clearly older, seemingly able to become ether and drift within the shadows. He swallowed heavily, and tried to focus; he knew Old Ones had to be involved somehow, but to see them in person was still a shock to the system.
Still on the ground, John looked up. Dazed by shock, John could see the battle more clearly and more dispassionately than ever before. He could see his remaining soldiers - minus the two killed by Sebastian, and one who had been taken down by several newborns - finally overpowering their opponents. Westenra was unconscious, but breathing, clearly knocked over by Sebastian, who himself was now engaged in hand-to-hand combat with Arturo. Perhaps he hadn’t noticed Moriarty dying.
“For God’s sake,” Sherlock said, dramatically rolling his eyes. With a flourish of his coat, he stepped forward and – before either quite recognized what was happening – tilted his head low enough to meet John’s lips in a kiss. Fuelled by Sherlock’s annoyance at first, the kiss gradually became overpowered by urgency as both men realized what was happening. Making the most of his height, Sherlock pressed John back towards the wall, and felt more in-control of his surroundings than he had in weeks.
“I’m surprised that worked,” John said, “but desperate times. I would imagine they’re out of viable leads.”
“When one controls the government, they control the police,” George answered simply. “As the good Mr. Lestrade would, I am sure, agree, there is a great deal of value in keeping the police force from becoming aware of vampires. It would cause so much stress, so much discrimination.” He looked towards Greg. “So very much paperwork.”
Jonathan looked up, as though surprised John could speak. “Yes. Well over a hundred years ago, now - I drank from the oldest, the most powerful vampires. Brought myself to death and buried myself. Then I destroyed them. Established my dominance over them.” He walked around the side of the desk, and walked towards John. The power that came off him was palpable.
“I was the head of an extensive military installation, I wasn’t a total moron. I didn’t share every piece of information that my security clearance gave me, though I did tell Sebastian a damn sight more than I should have.” John glanced at Sherlock. “I was the only one who knew the way down to where we kept the oldest texts, artifacts and whatnot. I was also the only one with the door code. So, when the goddamn band of reprobates trashed the majority of our weapons and the still-important, less-integral information stored aboveground and in the first two basements, they figured they’d gotten it all.”
Suddenly, the figure stood and turned. In the moonlight, John saw droplets of blood fall from the fangs, and on to the three piece suit, of Mycroft Holmes.
“I'm afraid you're going to be disappointed, then,” John said, pushing aside a stack of papers on the table in front of him. “As it so happens, I was planning on buying you a sweater.”
John gasped and sat up, eyes snapping open. Awake again. He tapped his phone – he had managed a full three hours before he had woken himself up. He pinched the bridge of his nose as he tried to blink the blurs in his vision away. Although he was not usually prone to nightmares – not since he had started living with Sherlock – the past month had been filled with them. He wasn't prone to being so affected by death, either, but he could at least start writing that off to lack of sleep.
“Great,” John replied, leaning over and turning off his light. In short order, Sherlock stopped reading through his notes and put on his own pair of pajamas, and slipped into his bed opposite John’s. The headlights of passing cars shone through the windows, and for a time the two men were left with their thoughts.
These groups seemed to be moving towards the center of the base in a circle, some dropping what looked like inert explosives behind themselves. John would have to take care of that when he exited. They appeared to be methodical, almost matching, but not quite meeting, the tactical skill of John’s own soldiers. He felt a surge of pride, which was rapidly replaced by a worrying observation that a large number of soldiers were not out in the field yet.
Everyone waited, and John felt the air around them change, becoming harder to see through, as a light fog curled ahead of them.
“Ah, now you're using my name,” the other man said, crossing his arms as he leaned on the wall across from John. “I must be in trouble.”
He breathed in again and didn't breathe out until his lungs began to burn. He had crawled out on to the fire escape, and was just beginning to feel the cold of the metal he was leaning against reach him. A week ago, he had found himself in this very spot. For different reasons, of course; he had left an experiment smoking on the stove, and John made him move it outside. A week ago, the thought of vampires never crossed his mind, and were merely a story used to frighten children. A week ago his best friend had been human.
In his absence, Mycroft and Lestrade had found seats on the sofa and chairs, sitting awkwardly near one another, not speaking, and not entirely sure where to look. John was just glad they hadn't started arguing about anything. He could hear the sounds of Sherlock in the kitchen moving bottles and beakers around. The experiments had started already. Once he entered the room, three sets of eyes locked on him and followed him as he walked closer, standing in front of the coffee table. He got the distinct impression that he was supposed to speak first, but thought against it when he noticed the weapons he had dropped on the floor below the stairs had been moved to the desk. He quickly crossed the room and ran a hand over his gun and the silver blades, checking to see that they were still in one piece. He had been in such a rush, so dazed and exhilarated, he couldn't even recall removing the significantly more blood-stained blade from the chest of the vampire he had killed. As the lighter knife caught the light, he noticed a chip missing from the handle. He frowned. At least the gun had come out unscathed.
He stood, and pulled out his phone. “I’m going to go make some calls and see if I can find Greg’s room.”
When he exited the bathroom, he saw John pulling on a fresh t-shirt, this one from the weapons crate, designed for better movement.
John raced out of the room, just barely remembering to pull out some stakes, a bulletproof vest to hold them, and another gun and holster from the storeroom. As he barreled out onto the stairwell, he reconsidered his options, and went back into the weapons cupboard. This time, he tried to think things through thoroughly and chose his weapons a bit more logically. He changed out his second handgun for a sniper rifle, then slipped a pair of silver-lined gloves into his back pocket. This time, when he took off running for the stairwell, he felt like he was a bit more in control. Turning in the opposite direction he came, he headed upstairs, loading the gun as he went. At least on the rooftop he could make the most of his rifle.
“A gesture of good faith,” he added, analyzing Greg and Molly in turn. Slowly, he walked over to a large, broken marble slab that seemed to have once belonged to a tomb. He ran his hand across the engraving – ‘DRACULA.’ He wondered, briefly, who had found it and brought it here; he himself had never had any luck finding it in the Carpathians. It made no matter – it was only a relic, a long-forgotten piece of rock.
Sherlock and Greg followed him, and with varying levels of enthusiasm, passed through the wall as well, Greg with his eyes closed. Once through, they looked back - the wall clearly no longer existed. As their eyes adjusted to the darkness, they saw one remaining passageway. John progressed forward down the newly revealed hall towards yet another wood door, this one covered with wrought silver symbols across its face. It took a surprisingly long while to reach, and by the time they came close enough to touch it, they were several flights lower than where they had begun.
For a moment, nothing happened, and John worried all their tribulation would be for nothing. Suddenly, a rumbling began. Not so much loud as deep, as though the earth itself were splitting open. As hands rose from the earth, John involuntarily moved towards Sherlock; this time, the vampires didn’t pull him back. Everyone was too focused on what was happening around them.
Mycroft felt as though his fangs would provide adequate protection, but in the interest of keeping the others unaware of this, he had politely accepted a few plain, wooden stakes, which he had arranged carefully in the interior of his coat.
“The rest of the Council has spent the last several years in these areas investigating unusually high rates of murder; bodies drained of blood without a mark. For all the luck we’ve had, we might as well have been chasing ghosts.”
Greg shrugged, and glanced at his phone on the desk. “Bit confused that I connected the case to them. I told them I got an anonymous tip. Once we got to talking about victims, though, that’s when things started falling into place.”
“How were you trained to fight that way?”Sherlock asked, the question that had been on his mind the entire evening coming out once again.
Sherlock pulled John back into reality as he gestured towards the desk in the center of the room. “Moriarty’s got Sebastian up again,” he said, pointing to the vampire who had just fed the tall marksman some of his blood. Enough to wake him up and give him an edge. Moriarty’s smile seemed to indicate that he was having the time of his life, even in spite of the abandonment of his master.
“Tonight,” John repeated, quietly. “Tonight?” He was incredulous - he had counted on having at least a day longer to put his players on the board.
Sherlock nodded. “I'll wake you.”He stood and walked to the kitchen, picking up a nearby stack of papers, and seeming to have already forgotten about John. The doctor's eyes followed him, and after a moment he allowed himself to shut them, leaning back into the couch cushion. He moved into a more comfortable position, though he remained curled defensively, with his arms across his chest, and felt himself drift off.
Caroline flinched, and George shook his head as he spoke to her. “I am not opposed to such actions, Caroline. There is no shame in choosing the weapon a human would choose, when it is the most efficient tool.” He looked back towards John and Sherlock.
“No need,” the man replied, pulling off his blue gloves and tossing them at the nearest trash bin. “The cause of death was blood loss. Clearly. Any of the daily papers could have told you that.”
“You should start with tonight,” Sherlock said from across the room, sounding, by all accounts, bored.
Lying on his bed with John, listening to the sound of London at night, he found himself perfectly at ease. The top floor of the flat had long since been repaired after the explosion, but the pair spent most of their time downstairs anyways. It seemed they wouldn’t be needing the second bedroom after all.
Mycroft didn’t dare run, or move at all. He was not yet sure of his ability to maintain control over his body.
Jonathan offered what could possibly be considered a hint of a smile. “Reminding humans of the need to destroy vampirism, of course.”
Although he had planned to yell at the other man, John felt himself losing the will to be angry at Mycroft. He slowly lowered himself back into his chair. He rubbed his thumb against one of his temples, and in the soft light the lines on his face seemed deeper than usual. No longer frustrated, he looked back to Mycroft, and leaned in, resting his crossed arms on his legs.
,” John said, baring his fangs at Charles and emphasizing each word. John didn’t notice when the fangs had come out to begin with, but he realized that he appeared more menacing than intended.
He looked towards Mycroft, smiling tightly, then back at Lestrade. “Evening, Greg,”he said, greeting the detective inspector with a nod. “It's nothing. I said
“Yes," John said. He managed to remain straight-faced until he looked at Sherlock, which brought on a few involuntary chuckles. He was able to look cheerful for a moment, but his face reverted back to unease as the reality of the situation set in.
Sherlock looked up from his phone and gestured towards a narrow laneway between two of the houses to their left. “Through there.” John had to step back slightly to notice where Sherlock was pointing; though it became obvious once he had looked at it for a few moments, the space between the two buildings was nearly imperceptible at first glance.
“Sweetheart?” John called in the direction of the opposite building’s roof, walking towards the edge of his own. She put up a hand to stop him.
“Mycroft’s dead?” the group heard Greg ask through broken teeth, and John felt a rush of pride for the DI, still following the plan.
John was impressed, then his brow furrowed. “Wait a minute, you’ve planned ahead. How have you planned ahead? I didn’t know we were getting here.” Sherlock looked at him knowingly, eyebrow raised, and leaned forward to press a kiss to his jawbone.
“The last time I saw him,” John said, continuing, “He was carrying a book. A grimoire, about the same age as the Book. If you weren’t sure how the vaults were organized, and were using my godawful notes to find anything, it would be easy to mistake the two.”
Mycroft nodded in agreement and raised his wrists slightly, immediately flinching as the chains dug further into his skin. A few drops of blood fell from the cut, and Mycroft looked up from his hands to John, pleading.
Lost in his thoughts, it finally occurred to him that it was completely dark, and had been for some time. He stopped entirely and took in his surroundings, his eyes already adjusted to the darkness. As he began to contemplate the best route to the closest main road, he turned and saw a street light beyond a tunnel. As he took a step towards it, he stopped. Had he chosen a different direction to walk, he may have missed it entirely, as the movements of the people many meters in front of him were so silent and subdued. Holding his breath, he moved forward, the sound of his shoes faintly moving along the pavement the only noise that could be heard. As he reached the mouth of the tunnel he stood still, and his hands dropped to his sides, the rest of his body intuitively taking on a defensive posture.
In the moments before he lost consciousness, falling into the fog of his mind as his world went grey, he thought he saw John leaning down, guiding him to the floor.After a few seconds, he heard only the sound of a single heart beating.
“Who is Thomas?” Mycroft asked. “Aside from being a vampire, clearly, of some importance, who seemed rather interested in you.”
Molly continued, “The gentleman Sherlock arranged the train through has also booked us a porter service in the train station. They can deliver everything there for you.”
Without so much as glancing up, Sherlock a bite from the corner. “It's terrible.”He looked directly at John and held it up, as though displaying evidence.
“We got married in Romania, right outside Cluj-Napoca. After that, we moved to the base in Afghanistan. We had one perfect year,” John murmured, clearing his throat.
John paused, gaping at Sebastian, as the realization hit him. “All this time,” he murmured. “All this time I thought you were on the side of the vampires. You want to see the hunters succeed?” He asked, baffled. “The problem was that you didn’t think I was going far enough?”
“Mm?” John asked by means of a soft murmur, still enjoying the last moments of post-coital bliss before facing reality.
“One hundred and nine in May,” the man answered with a smile, pushing a lock of dark hair off his forehead.
“No idea,” John replied, shrugging. “The city’s alive, for one thing - vibrating with supernatural energy. I can’t place it, though.”
John was woken by the gentle shaking of the building, and the sounds of screams from outside. He glanced at his window: it was well before dawn, so the screaming could possibly be due to vampire nonsense. That, however, seemed unlikely, given that some of John’s most reliable (if perhaps a little temperamental) recruits were vampires. On the other hand, after years in the army, very little surprised him anymore.
Sherlock returned to John's side of the table and pushed him out of the way to grab a few more sheets of paper from a file. “Blood belonging to a single person was found at the crime scene; given the state of the street, more than enough was lost to kill our latest victim. Blood seems to be central to this case, and when the location and timing of the murder is considered, it is clearly related to the others. All that remains at the moment is figuring out
“This one has a lock,” Greg said, surprised. “That’s new.” He pulled at it roughly, then pulled a pen out of his jacket pocket and began to fiddle with it. “Keep an eye out. If I get arrested for burglary I’m not going to be pleased.”
Sebastian shrugged, and pulled another stitch through. “You’re the captain, Captain. Try asking Jane.”
“Have the blood that remains tested for toxins,” he ordered, and she frowned, an expression that was quickly becoming her default when presented with Sherlock in full working mode. “Alert me immediately if you find anything vaguely poisonous.” He looked at the body again. “Or if you find some kind of reptile venom on the corpse.”
While stolen blood issued from his mouth, the vampire chuckled and moved his jaw forward again with a sickening snap.“Welcome back, Captain.”
It was always more difficult to sense the movement of a creature without a heartbeat, and she tried to plan ahead. In the distance, she could sense a dull thud – human, without a doubt. Frightened, perhaps, certainly waiting in anticipation. The Captain must have brought friends.
Sherlock shook his head. “No, but maps are rarely as powerful as the human eye.” Sherlock pulled a pair of leather gloves out of his breast pocket and pulled them on. Shall we?”
“Technically, I always have been,” John said, lowering his hand and sitting forward to stare at the map again. Charles was correct when he said that John was betting an awful lot of lives on a gut instinct.
Sherlock, reluctant to speak seriously, leaned on one elbow over John and looked at him, searching his eyes for anything that didn’t signal rejection.
Molly walked closer to the pale body, and found a shiver run down her spine. As someone who spent most of her time around corpses, and was never very frightened by them, she found herself surprised at her reaction.
“My parents took me here when I was a kid,” John said, tracing the stone around the heavy wood door.
John felt the gun drop from behind his head, and Sebastian walked around John in a wide circle, keeping a safe berth. Sebastian looked much the same as John remembered, but a scar stretched between his right temple and through one of his eyebrows. John recalled inflicting it; it hadn’t healed well.
“He’s given me his blood, John,” Mary murmured, reading his expression. Her hands shook as she touched her neck gingerly. Raw holes, recently cut into her skin, hadn’t healed yet, John noted with horror. She was still too new a vampire.
“Hi Molly,” John said, picking up the phone, trying his best to keep the disappointment out of his voice. He hit the speakerphone button. “How are things in London?”
“I didn’t bother to ask – I must be used to this sort of thing – why were you rigging the flat with explosives?” John said as he pushed open the front door and began to take off his coat. The floor above was quiet, save for what sounded like Lestrade speaking to someone.
“The day prior to the first...” He glanced at John and didn't finish the sentence. “I was spending a late night at the Diogenes Club,” he said, eyes distant as he remembered. “I needed silence to finish some important paperwork. I don't know why I thought it was so necessary to finish at the time.”
A woman carrying a long oak staff bumped into John, and pushed him down just in time to swing her weapon over him. She struck a young vampire in a policeman’s uniform in the mouth, repeating her action again to knock him to his knees. With a howl, the vampire fell to the floor, distracted by losing one of his fangs.
“He means to have me kill you, or if failing to do so, kill myself,” her voice wavered. “I can’t say no.”
Almost immediately, John, who had been gazing around the room himself, reached a hand out and snapped the wrist of the other vampire back.
John glanced to the blood that still crept down the wall by the door, and could hear the words 'you see but you do not observe' echoing through his head as the implications of this ran through his mind. “Oh, for Christ's sake,” he said, throwing the silver off Mycroft's wrists and running out the door. After a second's wait, Mycroft followed suit, picking up his jacket and phone as he went.
John noted to himself that it was the first time he had ever heard Sherlock offer a compliment to his brother that wasn’t backhanded.
“Wait,” John answered. Ten anxious minutes after that, a car pulled up, and let out the older Holmes. Sherlock and Molly paused in their analysis and looked up as he walked up the stairs and nodded towards the group.
John laughed bitterly and took a sip of water. “And there's a lot I don't plan to tell you, too. You realize she lived, don't you? The woman you murdered? She survived long enough to relive the terror of you slowly draining away her life for god knows how many hours before she passed away.”
“I don’t…” he tries to say.  He has no words.  The giant supernova of Sherlock’s brain has sputtered out, run out of fuel.  A black hole, sucking at...nothing.  John knows.  He’s been there before.
John was growing suspicious that he was being mocked.  The week after his failed sexual encounters with Sherlock Substitute, John found himself surrounded by references to sex.  Everything he saw or read seemed to be about penetration; he heard the word
“Well, yeah, Sherlock.  You can’t simply waltz in some place and ask to observe genital waxing, Sherlock.  What did you think they’d do?  Just let you sit there, magnifying glass three inches from some girl’s intimate bits and take notes?  That was really poorly-thought-out.”
“Sorry, I don’t have a lot of time,” said Sally when she breezed into the Pret a Manger nearest to Leeds station.  “I have to work tonight, but I wanted to touch base.”
Again, thanks to all the people who help me write and give me inspiration.  This fic is better for the Britpicking services of Ms. Bettyswallocks, the massive amount of sheer plot genius from Canola Crush, and cheerleading from Fleetwood Mouse and Bittergreens.
Neither man sat.  They stood there for a moment, the men sizing each other up.  Mycroft clearly wasn’t military, but something about him spoke of power and authority.  “You bought me clothes,” said John at last.
Sherlock shivered as John traced them with his free hand.  “No.  Sympathetic nervous system discharge.  Lovely.”
Sherlock collected his things and wrapped his scarf around his neck before turning his attention to John’s phone.  His eyebrows came together as he scanned for something before he nodded decisively.
John returned to Holmes Hall a little after noon, stopped off at the kitchen to make himself a sandwich, and then thought he’d read for awhile in his room.  That idea, however, died the moment he opened the door to his room and saw Mycroft Holmes sitting at the desk.
Also, written in two days and only slightly beta'd and Britpicked, as Ms. Bettyswallocks is on vacation and this was my last day to write before I gear up for work.  So any errors are my own.
“I’m afraid I bypassed that completely today,” Sherlock replied, “but you’re not going to tell, are you?  Mundane.  Dull.  Now, dear Molly, tell me whom we have here.”
I promise Sherlock's in this story.  You have to wait until chapter 7, though.  Sorry!  (But not really).
“Wise, no.  But you’re the only thing I have faith in anymore, so it will have to do.”  John took Sherlock’s hand, squeezed it.  “Come to bed.”
John chuckled.  What the hell, indeed.  He stripped off his clothes, kicked them under a lounge chair, and stepped in, thanking all that was holy that the water was opaque with whatever mineral concoction Lillian treated it with.  He sat opposite Sherlock, who was still leaning back with his eyes closed.  His neck went on
John traced his fingers down over Sherlock’s shoulder and felt his back.  It was warm under his fingers.
Sometimes I am a fool.  Luckily, I have friends, yes, friends, to remind me of that fact.  Every relationship needs a support system, I’ve been told, and I am not so idiotic in the realm of interpersonal relations that I cannot recognise mine: the Detective Inspector, the landlady, the pathologist, and, grudgingly admitted, my brother.  He’s a meddler and a nuisance but he has saved John several times over and for that I have to admit gratitude.  When they give me helpful advice (yell at me), I need to take heed.  Remember, Sherlock.  Do not take John for granted.  Ever.
Sherlock groaned and opened his eyes to find John slightly out of breath, staring at him with dark eyes.  A kiss was in order, and a kiss was had before Sherlock managed to move them both.  With reverent hands, Sherlock took John’s hard cock and guided it to where the edge of the muff rested against his balls.  With a bit of repositioning, he managed to get John inside as well.
John was anxious.  He was supposed to work at the surgery the following morning, and the longer he sat in Greg Lestrade’s car, crawling up the M1 at a pace that would put a snail to shame, the more he realized that what Greg had insisted was a flying visit to Coventry for a consult was now likely to mean an overnight stay.  He was also anxious because it was hot, and his body had betrayed him and forgotten how to deal with the heat in a proper manner. The air conditioning wasn’t quite cutting it, and he was forced to not only roll up his sleeves but also unbutton the first two buttons of his shirt.  To make matters worse, his gut wasn’t behaving.  Against his better judgement, he gobbled down a second sausage roll at Lestrade’s goading and drank Coke too quickly.  Mr. I-Don’t-Eat-While-On-A-Case was in the back seat, lost in his mobile, immune to the heat, the slow traffic, and the discomforts of a rotten gut.
Above them, the plane passes, losing elevation, heading towards Gatwick, towards London, towards home.
“If you’d wanted someone to look after your Sherlock, how about, oh, I don’t know, saying something along the lines of, ‘John, my brother will be joining you for a while to sort himself out after a recent overdose,’ or ‘Doctor Watson, how would you feel about taking on a private patient for a while?’”  John stopped and clenched his fist.  “Wait,” he said, as he began to put the pieces together.  “You knew, didn’t you?  That he was spiralling out of control?  So, what?  Instead of getting him the help he needed, you waited around until he nearly died and then carted him off to the country where he could detox with his own personal physician?  That’s just not on.”
Mycroft actually frowned, moved his cup around with his hand.  “I’m afraid I might have proved a role model in that regard.  I have always found solace in my own autonomy.”
He’d had plenty of female friends, too, ones who had kept him company during the day and sometimes shared his bed at night, but no one, not even Mary, had completely unlocked his heart.  He struggled with words to name his emotions long before he was deployed.  He loved easily enough, but being loved?  That was another story.
John chucked the pillow, not caring where it landed and approached his new lover.  He had to reach up a bit to help pull the shirt from Sherlock’s shoulders, and when one was uncovered, he kissed the skin below his collarbone.  “Do you know how many times I just wanted to, just reach out and...”
“Anyway, it was too much like hard work, so I moved into town to be closer.  Next to Margie,” he added, suddenly looking like he’d revealed too much.
John searched Sherlock’s eyes.  Who would have ever thought Sherlock could feel jealous.  Poor, jealous bastard.  Besotted.  They were both besotted.  The knowledge was thrilling, euphoric, even.  This situation needed to be remedied.
Thanks to every one of you for reading.  Now, here comes the bad news: I'm caught up in the writing process, and I will be going on vacation next week, so it will likely be a few weeks before I can write and post chapters 19-22.  In the meantime, enjoy the fact that the boys will be smooching in the garden until I return.
“I don’t know.  I’m not saying I’m not creative in bed, because I am,” he said pointedly.  He was a good lover, and he knew it.  “Creativity is fine.  Creativity is good.  I just don’t like surprises.”
John was trying to not gape at the pool area and failing horribly.  The place sort of reminded him of Roman baths - tall ceilings, marble floors, supporting columns, the faint gurgle of water.
“Well,” she said, “it’s not as if you’ve talked of anything else since you moved to Yorkshire.”  John could hear the smile in her voice.
John enters to see Rosie and her friend Nina sharing an after-school snack.  They’ve made brownies, and the flat smells delicious.  He helps himself and raises an eyebrow at the girls, who have yet to resume talking.
“I never thought I’d find myself dancing like this,” John laughs after stepping on Sherlock’s feet...again.
By now, John was halfway out of bed, half-heartedly trying to rid himself of one clingy consulting detective.
“Where have you been all week?”  John asked, pushing past Sherlock, who still hadn’t mastered the concept of personal space.
In all of John’s medical adventures dealing with men’s backsides, he had never seen one completely and utterly hairless.  A few of his female lovers had nearly stripped themselves bare, but here, at the body’s most secretive and sensitive of places, there was always some trace of hair.  Some bodies had it in abundance, where others just had a dusting – this man had none.  Jesus.  That must have hurt.
“Not so bad,” John finally stammered.  “Here, let me.”  He replaced Sherlock’s hand on the muff with his own, and began a slow rhythm with it.  Encased in the tunnel of fur, their cocks rubbed and bumped companionably.
He had fallen in love with a man.  And not just any man: a genius man-child with emotional baggage, a drug habit, depression, and destructive tendencies.  He had ‘dangerous’ written all over him.  Plus, Sherlock had even said on multiple occasions that he was not interested in any type of romantic relationship with anyone, and when John even so much as mentioned the word ‘friendship’, the man froze up and retreated.  And yet...and yet there were those moments when Sherlock looked at him a certain way, made suggestive little comments, stood just a little too close… And Sherlock
Sherlock moved, flipped himself over, and lay flat on the bed, his penis lying flushed and heavy against his stomach.  “Still in my shaving kit.”
thought John for a horrified moment.  He didn’t know why he was feeling so awkward.  It’s not that he had anything to hide.  There was no way Sherlock could know about the quasi-romantic feelings John had harboured for Damien, or that time with Murray, right after a particularly nasty skirmish with a rogue group of insurgents.  It was a stress reaction, brought on by a brush with death. He’d loved Murray as a brother; their sexual liaison was a one-off born out of a desperate need to rejoice in the simplicity of living.  He’d told no one, and now that Murray was gone, no one on the planet knew except for him, and not even the great brain of Sherlock Holmes could see that far into his psyche.  He hoped.
Their relationship, John knew, would be far from idyllic. They were still John and Sherlock.  They would fight.  They would solve crimes.  They would walk in Regent’s Park.  They would get into trouble.  They would bicker like an old married couple, share an amazing friendship, and comfort each other in times of need.  They would fuck; they would make love.  Their relationship would baffle everyone except the ones who knew them best, and they would give it their blessing.
It seemed as if everyone at Holmes Hall had a similar idea.  Molly Hooper’s grandmother passed away and she resumed her studies at Barts.  As for Lestrade, he found a position with the Met, where he’d be working alongside the newly transferred Sally Donovan in the Homicide and Serious Crime division, based at New Scotland Yard.
Some would describe John as an angry, uptight little man.  He’s not.  Well, ‘little’, maybe, in a sense that he’s shorter than the average male.  He can get angry, and sometimes is uptight, but on the whole, John is many different things simultaneously.  My personal man-sized jumble of paradoxes.  If there is any part of John that is uptight, that would be his arsehole.  For as broad as he claimed his sexual repertoire to be, the man just can’t seem to relax enough for me to easily penetrate him with my penis without getting him a bit drunk beforehand.  Even then it takes a significant amount of preparation.  I think he has a biologically stubborn anus.  It’s all fine, as I actually prefer it the other way around.
“Yes.  Myself, of course, my son, Robert...the catering manager, the hospitality director, and, er...several of the therapy people.”
In the end, the story left Sherlock confused.  The wrinkle between his brows grew more pronounced.  “Who is the gardener then?  My father?  Or is he the lord of the manor?  Is Maggie supposed to be the lotus flower that was really an artichoke?”
Caffeine buzzed merrily in his veins, chasing away the vestiges of his earlier panic attack. Maybe he could get a walk in later, get out into the fresh air and just exist for a while.
“James Hull...I’m the PE teacher, and Barbara’s our new Deputy Head. She only found out she’d got the job last week when...”
Sherlock fidgeted for a moment.  “John, you are getting dessert, are you not?  I...I like creme bruleé.”
“I’m betting something very chemically similar to MDMA but in extremely concentrated form.  I’m guessing our late night interloper was Robert Leybourne, Pfizer chemist and Lillian’s secret lover...”
Something in his tone ignited something within John, something dark and unruly, and he gave the ladder a good jolt, shoving it quickly forward and back.
Sherlock closed his eyes as if it were painful to express just what he was feeling.  He released the words quickly, before he could retract them.  “I want to
John sighed with a sleepy laugh.  “I don’t know if I can come again, but you may do whatever you damn well please with my arse.”
They were handing out cards for the last picture round (“Queens of England”) when John noticed Sherlock was no longer with them.  “Lily Savage!” shouted Mike.  John had reached that point where he was pleasantly buzzing, when all jokes were funny and most women looked lovely.  A happy place. Maggie pointed at a picture and yelled, “Danny La Rue!”  Maybe Sherlock had gone to use the loo.  He wouldn’t have left him here, would he?  Had he deduced that John would head home with Jenny?  Maybe Sherlock could be useful for finding a date after all...
“I can see why you might think that.  Let’s try a bit of both, then.  I’ll do some reflexology, and then show you just a few simple relaxation techniques.”  He looked mildly uncomfortable.  “I’m, uh, not used to an audience.  Usually I just do my thing.  Feet are feet - the rest of the person just kind of disappears, unless the client has specific concerns.  Are you familiar with a reflexology chart?” he asked Sherlock, who had crept from his corner and moved around to get a better view.
“You have to have years of training to be a certified acupuncturist.  You think she’s up to no good?”
Sherlock dutifully consumed the minestrone John bought for him and then proceeded to read the story aloud; John took his time with his lunch and listened.  Although he was reading quietly, Sherlock had a beautiful voice and certainly had the gift of modulating it for storytelling.
He continues, “I didn’t know it then.  But I know it now.  I think I’ve known for a long time...  I just wasn’t ready to admit it.  But I am now.  I’m sorry it took me so long.”
Sherlock actually chuckled.  “I admit I can be a colossal dick but that does not necessarily mean that I have one.  Rather the opposite, I’m afraid.”
Sherlock was already home by the time John got out, unpacking paper bags of what smelled like Korean takeaway.
He heard Sherlock make a little laughing sound before risking a glance at him.  “She’s so concerned about eating,” said Sherlock, as if eating were the most repugnant thing on the planet. “Eat this, eat that.  Eat, eat, eat.  Every day.”
John blinked, looked at Molly, who was still blushing furiously, and shrugged his shoulders.  “Sorry,” he muttered.  “He’s a right prat.”
Quick and dirty, or soft and tender?  In his aroused and slightly drunken state, either sounded fantastic.  What about a bit of both?
A few hours after they ate, John was busy sorting rocks and pebbles.  He’d laid a bin bag down in a utility room by the rear entrance to the west wing that was usually used for boots, coats, umbrellas and other outdoor wear; carefully emptied the boot; and begun cleaning the rocks of algae and sorting them into piles by size.  The largest were the size of eggs, the smallest, peas.  It was a simple yet painstaking task, and he was nearly finished when Sherlock appeared at the doorway holding the other boot.
“You’ll want to look around a bit, I imagine,” she said as they entered into an enormous yet somehow comfortable foyer.  “I’ll have Mrs. Hudson give you a tour.  She’s the housekeeper.  There’s also Lestrade, who does maintenance and the gardens.  Molly Hooper tends the stables.  I manage Mr. Holmes’ properties,” she added, in case John hadn’t figured it out yet.   “Mr. Holmes will be arriving at 6pm for dinner.  He’ll interview you then.  Welcome.  Mrs. Hudson will be just a moment.”  And with that, she disappeared into a side room, leaving John alone.
“It wasn’t a particularly well-kept secret,” John argued back. A crash across the room brought the conversation to a halt as John noticed another explosive going off in the direction of a particularly feisty crowd of newborns.
John turned around rapidly in the direction the explosive had come from, and saw a group of ten men and women rushing into the vaults, geared up and pointing their weapons at the vampires in front of them. A man in the back of the line yelled “fire,” and immediately a dozen bullets, arrows, bolts, and nets of varying size flew across the vault, echoing in the small space.
Sherlock washed out the inside of two of the hotel’s mugs with a bit of the hot coffee, and then poured out two cups of black coffee. Sherlock handed John his mug, then sat on the edge of his own bed. The pair sipped their coffee quietly for a few moments.
“No, Grant,” Sherlock said, clearly in high spirits - he tended to misname Greg when he was in a good mood. “Older, certainly, but also more accurate. Do you see the lefthand corner, where the vaults begin to curve upwards?”
Pain and pleasure burst in sparks behind Sherlock’s involuntarily closed eyelids. He didn’t notice that John had ceased moving until he felt kisses being pressed along his temple and down his neck. John shifted position and met his gaze, giving Sherlock a moment to reassure him that everything was alright.
“I was a fast friend of your grandfather, John,” Harker murmured as he turned from the desk and began to walk along the graves, making his last preparations. “And I know you take pride in your lineage as a hunter. In time, you’ll come to see that this was a boon to humanity.”
“No, John, sorry. Even with all the information I have access to here, it’s not enough. I do have some good news, though,” she said, brightening up. “I’ve booked a nice hotel for you three in walking distance to the train station. There’s a police station close by, Greg, if you want to check in there.”
John held up a small wax cylinder. “I landed on a candle, too. Today is not my day.” John pulled out his own light and directed at the walls. As best as the pair could make out, it seemed as though the barn was more or less square, with a small loft and two ladders in its far right corner. Various instruments littered the wet ground, though none that offered any obvious explanations as to why the vampire in the club would have the barn’s coordinates written down.
“As I was saying,” George replied, smoothly turning his cold gaze towards Sherlock. “When one controls the government, they control the police. And in order to control the government, one must control Mycroft Holmes.”
With a scream between a howl and a moan, John was on his feet, pulling the still-bloody stake from Moriarty’s hands before the vampire could react, then plunging it deep in his chest. Moriarty fell, human once again, the darkness in his eyes fading to nothingness.
“Boys, no need to fight,” a lilting voice called from a distant vault. A slightly unhinged laugh echoed through the caverns, and Sherlock’s eyes blew wide. As his heart began to beat twice as fast, he flashed back to Baskerville, remembering how deeply his fear of Moriarty ran, no matter how much he tried to deny it.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered, scratching intently at a stain on the wooden tabletop. “I do know how to use a percolator, believeit or not.”
“The latest victim wasn't dead when we found her,” Lestrade said. Everything about his appearance suggested exhaustion.
John considered this. Underneath the arches of the South Bridge, subterranean vaults built in the 18th century once hosted all manner of illicit activities, including but not limited to murder. Something about it felt right; however, he wasn’t optimistic.
John shook his head and spoke, standing up straight and looking at Jonathan without any fear. “You are insane.”
John shook his head. “Too risky. Just try to keep them posted around the city at night, that’s the best we can expect.”
“Right,” he affirmed. “He spooked us a bit, but we don’t know what went wrong. And he’s Sherlock’s brother, after all.”
“What? Of course no one is, everyone's been working around the clock to find the murderer,” he said, dismayed, stepping forward as his pride in his work overtook his fear.
“You could have at least mentioned that you may at some point you may kill a supernatural being with your
John recalled every moment of the day he left the army very clearly, and explained so to Sherlock and Greg. He remembered going directly overseas after his schooling, so young and ready to prove himself. The regiment he had joined was one dedicated to fighting vampires, a joint effort between several European and North American militaries. Although it was a quiet program, and did not exist in any official paperwork, it was where a number of armies’ best and brightest were sent.
John slept late and woke up starving.  He was on his second bowl of cornflakes when Mycroft sauntered in.  He’d rolled his shirtsleeves up to accommodate for the hot weather, but was otherwise dressed in finely tailored trousers and waistcoat.  John wondered if the man even owned a pair of shorts.
So, methodically, a bored Sherlock Holmes set about cataloguing the sensations of fur on every place he could reach on his own body.  He closed his eyes, held the muff from one side with four of his fingers inside it -- it
her business, the whole place seems to say.  This could be yours.  It is yours.  It’s always been yours.
John nodded.  He didn’t know, but had seen Harry go through some horrible episodes.  “I’ve seen some pretty bad withdrawals.  It can be ugly.  Look,” said John, “I don’t have to work today.  Why don’t you, I don’t know, come on out of here.”
By the time they made it back to their room - John with a slightly wonky gait - it was nearly 5am, and Sherlock seemed to be back on the case.  John had insisted on showers, even though he was a bit waterlogged; the salt would dry uncomfortably and the next time he tasted Sherlock’s skin, he wanted it less seasoned.
It was enough to send him over the edge, and he pushed himself down into the cushion of the chair just to get enough leverage to thrust a handful of times, and then he, too, came, the powerful orgasm washing over him.  He heard himself grunting, a raw, animalistic sound, and he barely registered holding onto Sherlock to stop him from  toppling right off his lap and out of the chair.
John sighed.  “You know, for a while, I was so angry I was just in a rage all the time.  I mean, really fucking pissed off.  I’m a doctor.  I fix things...surely I should be able to move on a bit now.”
“The average person farts fifteen times a day,” John supplied helpfully.  “On average.  Some more, some less, depending on diet and genetic disposition.  It’s a sign of healthy gut flora.  Or lactose intolerance.”  He shrugged.
Mr. Chapman’s wrinkled face broke into one of the most honest smiles John had ever seen.  “Every single moment,” he said.
John finished his tea.  “Thank you, gentlemen,” he said, shaking both of their hands.  “You’ve been very helpful.”
Granted, he preferred sex with others; he was good at it, for one thing.  He genuinely got off on getting others off; he’d happily lick away at a woman for ages, sustained by the occasional tug on himself and her scent directly under his nose (he could put that Watson nose to good work, too, while he was at it).  He loved to run his hands over his partner’s skin, teasing, or sometimes massaging, making the body loose and pliant before he bent her in half.  He loved the strain of his muscles as he took someone from behind, the flex of his thighs and clenching of his buttocks.  He loved lying on his back, hands roving over thighs and breasts as she rode him.
Together they limped their way to the bed, where they wriggled in under the covers facing each other.  John, feeling dopey and lovestruck, leaned forward and rubbed his nose against Sherlock’s.
“Um, thanks?”  The air feels a bit charged.  John is distinctly aware that he’s got  Sherlock’s giant instrument between his legs and that they’re discussing lips.  It seems sexual in a way, almost flirtatious.  John wouldn’t call it obsession, but he’d be lying to himself if he didn’t recognise that their friendship solidified very quickly and that he’s never been so content.  Sherlock is certainly infuriating, but he makes John feel alive, and he’s already made the short list of the people John loves and holds dear.  Sometimes John wonders if there’s something more there, more than simple friendship.  Everyone assumes they’re more than work partners.  He doesn’t know why he gets so defensive about it, but then again he remembers the experimentation he did with Daniel, the boy three doors down, when he was twelve, and how his father nearly disowned Harry for her choice of partner.  And then there was Sholto.  What was between them if not love?
“Mmm-hmm.  Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m meeting someone!  Enjoy your dinner, Dr. Watson!”  She left, looking head-over-heels in love with life.
John scrambled out of the library, not even bothering with his open computer, and ran to the reception area, where he startled Navya.  “Phone the police,” he said, a bit breathless.  “I’m afraid your ‘golden girl’ has been rather naughty.  I’ve got to get to Sherlock.”
John pulled a cobble from the boot out of his pocket as Sherlock stood back up and did his best to ruin his trousers by rubbing the dirty stone he’d pulled from the ground on them.  The one Sherlock had pulled from the ground was still dirty, but even then they could tell the stones were a match: smooth, grey decorative cobbles with white striations.
Breathing deeply, trying to tamp down a building orgasm, John pushed, felt resistance, looked for reassurance, found it, and kept going.  It was so tight - John was afraid of hurting Sherlock, and watched him carefully for signs of pain - but the oil helped and then John was
“What are you going to do if she comes at you with loads of needles?” John asked around a mouthful of salade Niçoise,  “What if she does a Vulcan nerve pinch on you that renders you unable to move?”
They wandered about the garden for a while longer, Lestrade having finally got over his initial amazement, and started discussing more practical matters, such as who was going to purchase Molly’s horses and what was going to be done with all the lawn equipment.  Eventually he saw himself out, and John and Sherlock sat on a stone bench by the stump of the plum tree and the just-sprouted forget-me-nots.
Lestrade joined them for supper that night, and remarkably, John noticed, Mycroft could actually carry on a decent conversation that wasn’t somehow condescending or mysterious.  No one volunteered to take a plate to Sherlock.  John figured that, like a toddler, Sherlock would come out and eat when he was actually hungry.
“Go on,” said John, sitting up again and watching Sherlock, still gloriously nude, sit up and check his phone.  John sipped his tea and appreciated the long expanse of his lover’s back.  Everything about Sherlock was slim and long.  His feet, his legs, his neck, his forearms, his... well.  That too.
It was getting dark by the time they finished giving their statements to Anderson and Donovan, but John was still riding the high from the earlier foot chase and his and Sherlock’s adventure.  Finally they were free to go, and they walked back to the motorbike through dust-covered grass.
being gentle.  It was you, I recall, who all but demanded I do it with a bit more enthusiasm.  So if your arse is in a ‘state,’ it is not my fault.”
While had been in just his dressing gown in front of Sherlock before, there was something awkward about the closeness of the room.  “No,” he replied.  “It’s a foot massage, Sherlock.  Above-ankle nudity is not necessary.”
John blinked away his disbelief.  He wondered if Mycroft had cameras in his room or something.  The thought was unnerving.   “That sounds fine,” he said, his voice guarded.
“Yes,” John whispered back, wriggling the rest of the way out of his bottoms and pushing his hips back.
“You're smiling,” said Sherlock.  “I can tell.”  He extricated himself from John’s arms and turned around.  “Did I say something funny?”
John sighed as Sherlock finally got his zip down.  “Your father’s garden is off-limits but your brother’s office isn’t?” he teased.
“You want to stay?” John asked, stretching a bit and simply enjoying himself.  "I’m afraid that you’ll be bored in another hour.”
Sherlock stood and held out his hand.  Sally looked quizzically at it before shaking.  “Thank you,” said Sherlock solemnly.
“To many more,” Sherlock smiled.  There was a twinkle in his eye, something soft and lovely, and John couldn’t help but fall in love just a little more.
Mrs. Hudson dried her eyes with a hanky she kept in the pocket of her apron and gathered herself together.  “I never had children,” she said, “and Sherlock is very dear to me.  But he can be rude and obnoxious and right now I’m so angry with him that I’m all blubbery.  If he were my child, I’d give him a good talking to.  And maybe a spanking.”
John took his time evaluating the rest of the man’s back and the back of his arms.  “Well, there are tiny abrasions here - and here...” he pointed to several small areas of irritation down the middle of the man’s back, “but besides that, I don’t see anything out of the ordinary.  Except the lack of hair, that is.”
“Oh-ho!” John said, raising his eyebrows.  He’d always enjoyed a bit of playful competition, and he wasn’t about to pass Sherlock up on an opportunity to show off -- and be naked.
Once he could think again, he shifted in his chair only to find it wet.   “It’s got come on it now,” he said in playful lament.  “We’ll have to take it with us.”
Sherlock was running his fingers over John’s temple, smoothing away sweat and moving his hair off his brow.  “You’ve got five years.  Until it’s all gray.”
John had loved Sherlock, truly loved him, from very early on, in the way that John tends to love: steadily and true.  John loved Sherlock in the way he’d love a brother, a fellow soldier, a best mate.  Sherlock had filled a very large void in John’s life, had given him so much, made life worth living again.  And John’s heart loved him for it.
“You also have an impressive library,” Sherlock continued, pacing in front of the bookcases flanking the fireplace.  “Were you read to as a child?  It’s been proven that being read to as a child increases not only a child’s literacy but also his creativity, ability to problem solve, and general intelligence.  Your father wasn’t much of a reader, was he?”
Sherlock only fussed a bit at John’s insistence that he hold a plastic bag of ice to his face as they worked through the police proceedings.  A quick glance at Andrew’s phone and the contents of his wallet gave the officers everything they needed for an arrest.  As Sherlock had deduced, Andrew worked alone, having added the drug to a specially marked bottle of grenadine syrup used to sweeten cocktails and a homemade lemon-flavoured sugar used to rim glasses.  The quiz had ended sometime after John’s headbutt, so everyone was ushered out. Forensics said they’d look at the bar more closely in the morning.  Sgt Donovan packed a now-silent Andrew into her patrol car, assuring him he wouldn’t be seeing the inside of a pub for a very long time.
are highly-strung.  That’s not highly-strung.  She was - I mean, did you see that woman, Sherlock?  The look on her face when they called her?  She was
was on the verge of happening.  It was one of those things he just knew, the way he could tell that something was just the slightest bit off, the way he had warned his men back in Afghanistan,
He emerged from the bathroom to find Sherlock hunched over his computer.  “Looks like we should call Lestrade,” he said as John dressed.
“For now,” Rosie concedes.  “But in a couple of years…”  She wants to study abroad, and as much as John hates the fact she may end up halfway across the world, he knows she’s inherited his wanderlust.  They’ve discussed it, but no decisions have been made.  She doesn’t press.  “I’m just saying that I’m not going to be here forever.”
.  From the way the man was talking, John was beginning to wonder if he was really hired not to protect the property, but maybe someone on it.  Maybe he wasn’t hired to keep someone
Sherlock raises an eyebrow, crooks his lips into what he thinks is a seductive smile, and leans in a bit further.
John sliced a simple tomato salad and pan-fried the fish they caught with butter, lemon, and some fresh thyme from Mrs. Hudson’s patio garden.  It was delicious, and even Sherlock deigned to eat, chattering away about shoes between mouthfuls.
John loved to masturbate.  He always had.  He became an expert around fifteen years old and hadn’t stopped since.  He loved the way his penis (of average length and above-average girth) fit in his hand.  He knew just the right ways to pleasure himself and found no shame in it.
“It’s...not something that’s ever troubled me before, but I’ve been led to believe that it might be an issue.”
“It’s recommended to always wear tight underwear in hot climates, mind you.  Prevents chafing.  And sand.”  He pauses there.  Sherlock’s mouth nearly waters.
He was nearing the end of his shift when his mobile rang.  Between patients, he checked his voicemail.  It was Mrs. Hudson.  “Oh John,” she said in a trembling voice, “Come home as soon as you can.  They’ve had a horrible row.  Sherlock’s locked himself in his room and refuses to speak to anyone.  Anyone, that is, except you.”
John let himself take it all in for a moment, then winked the fairy lights back off.  The glass was mostly obscured by greenery, but the light of the torch would be less obvious if someone happened to be looking down from a guest room.
Sherlock was still squatting on the floor next to her chair.  He stood up, brushed at his suit a bit, and then nodded to John to step outside, where they sat on a stone bench in the garden.
“Cheeky rascals, those kids.  But they loved Archie, especially Henry.  They’re all off to who-knows-where, but you can ask Margie.  She’d tell you.”
He picked one up, frowning, turning it over in his hands and read the ingredients: grapeseed, coconut, jojoba, and sweet almond oils.  Intended to “penetrate deeply” and be “intensely moisturizing” while “providing a thoroughly enjoyable massage experience”.   It was also completely organic and edible.  Oh boy.  It had been years since John had had a proper massage - and by proper, he meant one given by a girl, usually before sex.  He had only had deep tissue massage in physiotherapy for his shoulder - and that wasn’t “enjoyable.”  It fucking hurt.  It might be nice to have someone else’s hands on that shoulder now, big hands, strong enough to ease the stiffness but soft enough to feel good.... An oil like this, he thought, would likely be very nice for wanking.  Would beat the hell out of soap, mineral oil, or spit, at least.
John shakes his head, takes a deep breath, and looks up.  The moment passes.  “So,” he says, nodding toward the door.  “Those were your parents?”
“I think,” said John, his frustration finally dissipating, “that there are too many unknown variables.  You said the ladder didn’t break and was still standing.  So either your father managed not to knock it on the way down, or someone was holding it still while he fell.  The fact that he hit his head and died is circumstantial.”
“He was,” said Mr. Chapman, dislodging the cat and standing up to walk John out.  “It’s odd how things happen.”  He licked his lips and swallowed a few times.  “Do you have children, Doctor?”’
“For Sherlock’s sake, I do hope you figure it out,” said Mr. Chapman, standing to say goodbye.  “Archie was a good man.  I’ll see you out.”
John closed his eyes, rested his head against Sherlock’s back.  Listened to the sound of the engine, its rumble and purr.  Felt his body lean with Sherlock’s as they wound between the moors.  He thought about the feel of Sherlock’s face in his hands as he inspected the bit of wounded skin, how he wanted to push that tangle of curly hair out of the way so he could press a kiss to his forehead.  He thought about the close kinship he felt with the man, the way he felt alive again.  And then there was that dream.  His heart picked up speed and he felt blood pool in his groin even as they drove along in the dark.  Oh, Sherlock.
“This kissing thing with both of our fangs out is going to be difficult. Makes it awkward to get close.”
“Sebastian!” He screamed, voice hoarse from the smoke he had inhaled. Finally, the man acknowledged him, and waved away the last of his vampires. In one hand, he held a book.
"I'm impressed. He seems to be so rarely inclined to perform charitable acts." Sherlock purposely moved one of his books with more force than was necessary.
“Mr. Moriarty,” Jonathan said firmly, “arrange to move the newborns. We’ll need to prepare them and have them sent home shortly.”
there's a murder tonight, perhaps it would...” He stopped talking, and glanced at Sherlock, who was giving him a look that John recognized as disapproval. He didn't need to finish speaking to see how transparent his lie was, and immediately took a different approach. “It's just a theory.”
Lestrade moved closer to the stones, while Molly glanced at the walls and eventually followed the DI’s lead. Mycroft, whose attention was caught by something else, walked over to the far side of the room, across from the others.
Comparatively, the Lindisfarne Gospels were less well guarded than the wing she was currently sitting in. Old books lined utilitarian steel shelves, and ancient manuscripts filled light- and temperature-controlled drawers. Bibles, tattered and bound in what looked suspiciously like flesh, were too numerous to count, while relatively new books containing information about vampires took up an entire wall to her right. Upon entering the room, Molly had even spotted a copy of Twilight. The library’s collection of vampire lore was nothing if not comprehensive.
“All right,” John said, nodding. “If you're going to be joining us, you might as well hear the whole story. We're using Baker Street as our home base - you can stay in Sherlock's room.” Before the detective could argue, he pushed the door further open. “On a more serious note, we really should go. We're sitting ducks in case any of your other corpses come to life.” Molly and John, his crossbow in hand, exited the room.
