John looks at him, eyebrows raised. “Sherlock, you may not realise this, but ordinary people like me need things like sleep. And food. And you need those things too, even if you do apparently have an almost superhuman ability to ignore it until you collapse into a bloody coma. I’m not you, I don’t have that kind of endurance. I’m sorry, but a week without sleep is beyond my tolerance.”
“Oh fuck,
Not that it would take a Holmes to figure this one out. He’s made it obvious enough, even without teacup shards scattered about the floor like an exploded firework. The mere thought of stepping foot on a cruise ship sends a shiver through him that he can’t suppress, and
“Just kick! Not too fast; get a rhythm going.”
And when John takes the lead, he follows.
“You know what else?” he asks, tucking his phone away for the moment.
“If that’s how you want to tell it, let’s run with that. Let her go.”
If pressed, he’d struggle to pinpoint the reason why he feels such a strong desire to stay close by Sherlock’s side. To protect and support him, obviously. To help him with the Work, not that Sherlock typically needs it. But there’s another reason, and he thinks it has something to do with the way the act seems to fall away whenever John tells him ‘
A cheeky smile tugged at the corners of his lips. John could be so adorable at times. “For God’s sake,” he said, “I know what you meant. Anyway, I thought you didn’t want to talk about it?”
“Here should be better,” he said in a small voice, watching the discreet motion of John’s arm working himself under the coat. “You’ve been anxious for this all day, haven’t you?”
He approaches the sofa and sits on the edge by Sherlock’s legs, considering his options.
“That’s not the point though, is it?”
It all made sense now.
“I won’t be
And then so many pieces click into place at once. It’s like the cypher to all the coded messages Sherlock has been subconsciously sending him over the years. The reason he never showed any interest in romantic involvement is the same reason he criticised every one of John’s dates: He was in love with him. He was jealous. He was
And now he waits.
“Move, John,” Sherlock ordered. “It’ll loosen quicker if we’re both working at it. They won’t hear over the engine.”
But after the final note of The First Noel sung out through the air, there was a brief and satisfying round of applause from their guests, and John’s eyes lit up with that same look that Sherlock hadn’t even realised he’d missed so much until now. His heart clenched. He wanted John to look at him like that all the time, but it was something he knew he could never have. From that point on, his mood began to sink.
Feeling a little snubbed, John starts pecking out a reply with his thumb to delay the inevitable as long as possible. He really, really doesn't want to get up. But as frustrating as it is, Sherlock does have a point. This isn’t a holiday; they’re here to do a job, to potentially save someone’s life. The attack could happen at any moment. Imagine explaining that one to Lestrade: "
It was a lazy Sunday morning like any other when John plodded down the stairs in his soft cotton trousers and thin vest. Still bleary-eyed from sleep, he headed straight into the kitchen for his morning cup of tea. But before he could do more than set out his mug and fill the kettle, his ears picked up a quiet susurrus coming from the living room.
Instead, Sherlock’s mouth quirked into a lopsided grin. “You just smeared glitter all over your own face.”
Sherlock slid his hands down until he could wrap his fingers around John’s soft, trembling palms. “John, there is nothing you want from me that I’m incapable of giving to you. There’s nothing I don’t
In hindsight, it was even more of a shock that Sherlock had managed to reject him in a manner that was surprisingly gentle for the ‘high-functioning sociopath’. But, well, they both knew that label didn’t entirely apply. Though Sherlock preferred to maintain the myth for his public image, given their living arrangements, it was impossible to hide his true nature from John for long.
How had it taken them so long to reach this point?
Sherlock’s mouth quirks. “I bet. Come on, let’s go get settled in our rooms. Freshen up. The stink of us probably isn’t helping matters.”
He’s not sure what he expected, but this is the smallest hotel room he’s ever stayed at. Not that that's necessarily a bad thing. The bed is squeezed into the middle and dominates most of the available floor space. A single door off to the side leads to a marble-tiled bathroom, and one of the walls contains an inbuilt wardrobe with a sliding door designed to take up as little room as possible. The decor is a bit modern for his tastes, but the cramped feel of the room is familiar in a way that feels secure, if not quite what he was imagining as ‘luxury’. But it'll do. Maybe it’s old habits lingering way past their due, but John hasn’t felt comfortable sleeping in too-open spaces since before his serving days. At least sleeping here won’t be too much of a hardship.
His phone vibrates in his pocket. He daren’t pull it out, straining to listen down the hall for approaching footsteps. He doesn’t hear anything, only the ever-present hum of the ship’s engines and the distant static of the parting waves outside. After a minute, the shrill metallic creak of the bulkhead door echoes towards him. John waits another breath before he steals a look around the corner, praying he isn’t about to rush out into a trap.
John snatches the towel from his grip and storms away, leaving his phone, and Sherlock, abandoned by the pool.
John scoffs. “No, I think you know why. You probably had this all planned days ago.”
He hummed, his eyes crinkling with a smile. “To be able to express how much I adore you, and see the answer in your eyes,”—A slender hand snaked down between them—”and feel the fullness of it, here.”
“It’s called a
Outside, he could hear people approaching the car. A door opened, then another, and the suspension bounced and sank as their captors boarded. He dropped his voice to a strained whisper. “So, what’s the plan?”
did that for you. My pleasure is in making you feel that way. I hardly get nothing at all from it.”
“Oh God, Sherlock…” he gasped, feeling his balls tighten, the hot liquid churning and pressing and building, and then rushing through his cock as his muscles began contracting beyond his control to stop it. “Oh God oh fuck oh
John will never forgive him for this. As he pretends to swim easier, pushing himself beyond his own strength to match John’s pace, his heart races with fear. He nearly changes his mind about the whole idea, but his throat tightens before the words can slip out. Never has he felt such shame as he does now, abusing that same steadfast loyalty that’s endured so much of a beating over the years. His cheeks burn with it, with all the guilt and regret of the thousands of little moments he ever took their friendship for granted. He came so close to destroying John’s trust in him before and here he is now, doing it on purpose. Hoping for it. Hoping to give John something to fuel his abandonment. He needs it. If it will make the following days easier, allow him to let go and leave Sherlock behind, then it will be worth the pain of a hundred stabs to the kidneys and everything else that he deserves.
But now that this is really happening, he feels at a loss how to proceed. Sherlock hasn’t moved except to grip his sheets, as if he expects the ground to give way to a sinkhole any second. Maybe this isn’t what he wanted at all. Perhaps the whole idea of expressing himself in this way is so alien, so unpractised, that he’s as lost as John feels. Sherlock’s thoughts are difficult enough to read at the best of times, but it’s impossible to tell what’s going on inside his head as John retreats just enough to look into his face.
John was fast approaching his limit.
. But this time he hears it in his own inner voice and it rings with startling truth. The pieces begin to settle into place, an answer solidifying into purpose, into motion, and before he knows what he’s doing he tilts Sherlock’s face to his and boldly presses a kiss to his lips.
“Fuck,” John mutters. “It’s not coming back. What are we going to do?” He looks at Sherlock expectantly, eyes bright and focused, awaiting instruction; a familiar, endearing expression, full of trust, so welcome after the frightening look he’d given before when all reason and rational sense had seemed to abandon him. This is the real John, the one who knows wholeheartedly that no matter how deep the waters seem, somehow Sherlock will always find a way back to dry land.
“How do people do it, John—
“My God, John. You look absolutely wrecked,” he noted with an apologetic grin. He checked the big screen briefly before sitting back in his seat, leaving John — flushed red and feeling indeed quite wrecked — to slump back and recover from the experience, his hand still clutching the softening penis inside the box.
Blood is trickling from John’s nostrils and his nose looks crooked. “The ship,” he croaks, his voice hoarse and nasally. “Is it coming back?”
To John, a partner was someone who also shared in the physical experience, not just the emotional. The dual sides of love were intransigently linked for him, he couldn't simply have one and discard the other. Ultimately he was a sexual being; he had needs, as Sherlock well knew. And just because he got off in public a lot of the time, that wouldn’t preclude him from wanting to enjoy Sherlock more intimately in a physical way.
Before John could prepare himself for it, Sherlock’s tongue flicked out to lick a broad, hot stripe from root to tip. It painted the underside of his cock in saliva that warmed beneath his breath. John threw his head back and gripped the sheets, his moan unexpectedly loud in the room. He gave a brief thought to whether Mrs Hudson was home, but Sherlock didn’t give him time to properly process it before he did it again, his tongue shimmying on its way up, applying extra pressure at his frenulum and sending sparks of pleasure shooting up his spine.
It’s John’s voice, so close that his stomach turns over with joy. But John is dead. His body floats miles away now, a mere speck on the horizon that he can somehow still see. He opens his mouth to yell, but only a dry whimper crawls from his throat. When he blinks, the handrail is gone. He’s not on the deck anymore. Everything is dark.
His pulse quickens, his heart seeming to know where this is going even as his brain struggles to catch up. He brushes it off with a laugh. “I know. Not a bad life, is it? Having your own personal assistant, tea-brewer, housemaid and live-in blogger. I’m irreplaceable.”
The ladies shared the sofa, leaning forward but relaxed, taking occasional sips from their glasses of Anderson’s red wine. A string of tiny Christmas lights twinkled on the wall over their heads, part of the festive decorations John had hung around the flat while Sherlock, the lazy git, had pretended to be working. Greg and Anderson each had a wooden chair carried in from the kitchen. They looked mildly uncomfortable, but neither would complain; it was either that or they’d sit on the carpet, and who knows what kind of chemical experiments Sherlock had spilled about this place over the years.
“You know I would,” he says. They both know. But this is the first time either of them have openly acknowledged it, how far they would go, what they would sacrifice to keep each other safe. As for why? John isn’t even sure he could answer that. There is an answer, but it scares him to even think about. Instead, he says: “Now’s not the time for it,” and reassures him with a squeeze.
It’s the woman, then— her presence complicates matters. Over Mikhail’s shoulder, she watches Sherlock with equally vicious intent. If he tries to scrap with Mikhail, she’ll be right there to trip him up or stab him in the back.
Too far gone to argue, John obeyed, unable to tear his eyes away from the sight of Sherlock unclothing himself. The shirt fell to the floor, and John couldn’t help but admire the sight of him as he divested of his own plaid button-down. Sherlock’s pale body was perfectly toned— not an ounce of fat on him. If not for the muscle mass, he would probably look gaunt. Instead he appeared sleek, powerful, like a jungle cat. Muscles flexed and tensed beneath his skin with the twisting of his frame. John drank in the sight of him.
Hard, grey eyes look John up and down, clearly assessing his strength. Mikhail must not think much of him, because his mouth pulls into a slow, ugly grin, and when he speaks, his voice is low and hostile, with a treacle-thick accent. “This is not place for passenger. This is staff only. Go back to public area, nosey little man, or I call security.”
The Kiss Cam moved on to its next target couple, and soon the attention around them died off enough for John to surreptitiously fumble at his jeans and put himself away. Fortunately, he’d kept the napkin Sherlock had brought with the food in the bottom of the box, so not a lot of his deed had spilled visibly on his jeans. Suitably re-clothed, he stuck the box under his seat, thinking a silent apology at the poor clean-up crew who’d eventually find it there.
As daylight fades, the last scraps of Sherlock’s patience dissolves with it. It only took him one day to get sick of this place, of the people and the constant, pressing noise, music from a dozen sources filtering through every wall and merging into one deep, constant rumble that assaults his ears and constricts his chest with pressure. How do people enjoy this? He can’t even concentrate well enough to think. He needs a moment’s peace or he might just snap at the next cheery-faced drunkard who accidentally bumps into him.
Sherlock was already reaching for something hidden in his sock when the car rolled to a halt.
This was quite possibly the best blow job John had ever experienced, and his orgasm suddenly felt very, very close as he sunk all the way back into that impossible space again.
Everything was different now, yet they were exactly the same as before. There was just another layer to their relationship now. A deeper truth to it. They had unlocked the door, found the missing piece of the puzzle that finally completed them both.
Sherlock’s smile deflates, and John knows what he’s going to ask before he even finds the words. “What happened? What made you afraid?”
He shakes his head again, a sad smile fighting past the grimace at his lips. “Nobody will miss me, John. I made sure of that. There has never been an excess of people wanting to call themselves a ‘friend of Sherlock Holmes’. I never wanted that kind of life. I only…” His eyes dance fitfully back and forth between John’s. “I just want…”
His remembers the shock he felt when the words slipped out. He hadn’t meant to lay it out there in such stark terms, but it’s no lie. He wonders if Sherlock remembers it? And if he does, could he feel the same…?
There’s a beat of silence as he falls.
John doesn’t know whether to laugh or cry, but it’s tempting to do both. He paces the room, frustration oozing out of his pores like sweat.
“No?”
His cheeks flush. His mouth couldn’t pull any wider, but it certainly tries. “You just keep on being you. Trust me, this won’t be going away anytime soon.”
“John!” The relief is so powerful, slamming into him with such force that it wrenches a sob from his throat. Not too late after all. He lifts John as high as he can out of the water, sacrificing his own buoyancy so that John can cough and vomit the saltwater from his lungs.
of it. The hammering rhythm of his heart. The sound of his voice in his ear, deep, thick as dark chocolate and smooth as velvet. Luxurious. John’s every sense: Sherlock.
Breaking through John’s thoughts, two goons stepped forward, grabbing their arms and shoving them towards the car. John felt Sherlock’s body stiffen the moment his calves touched the bumper, and a moment later they were toppling awkwardly over and down into the cramped space.
He’s tried to capture these so-called ‘looks’ that Sherlock purportedly gives him on the sly. If he does it at all, he’s very good at hiding it. And as for himself? He doesn’t do that.
John wouldn’t even be here if it wasn’t for Sherlock’s stubborn, reckless pursuit of Mikhail. If he makes it back at all, it will be insufficient as a token of apology, but at least it will be the most selfless way he could ever express it.
“I can’t believe they didn’t notice us double back on them,” John said, shaking his head in disbelief. His earlier embarrassment had cooled to a low simmer in his gut, displaced as it was by the much more urgent matter of their escape.
As for John, he's been keeping himself on the edge for what feels like an eternity waiting for Sherlock to come, but it still doesn't seem like this is enough to bring him all the way there. John's jaw is aching, and while the reaction has been promising, it's no longer ramping up any further, seemingly teetering on the edge. So close, but still needs something more. Even with his noisy mind locked safely away, Sherlock’s stubborn body seems reluctant to let itself completely go.
John didn’t stop packing, or turn to face him when Sherlock asked, redundantly, “What are you doing?”
Fortunately for them all, Mrs Hudson only opened the front door for friends.
“Next time,” he promised, dropping his voice to a low rumble, “I want you to come down my throat.”
“I thought they could be like little stars or something.”
John. And even if he was, John isn't interested in anything more than friendship. Which is fine, he doesn't lose sleep over it. Not often.
Understanding shines in John’s alcohol-dimmed eyes. “He probably knows all the CCTV hotspots on-board. Uses his authority to guide some poor girl away—”
He presses his lips into a thin line. He’s been expecting this, if not at all looking forward to it. It’s not that he doesn’t want to tell him, but those are memories he’d rather not dredge up again. Not here, not like this.
Urgency spikes when a distraught face gasps above the water a mere meter away. As soon as his arms come around John’s waist, the man clings onto him with an iron grip.
, John thinks grimly. If only they were. Sherlock writhes again, expelling little else but a miserable groan. The vomiting is a bad sign, confirming John’s most grave suspicions about his injury: That it was deep enough to pierce his kidney. If he’s not already in renal failure, he will be soon.
He continues to haunt the busy junctions between decks like a unfettered ghost, familiarising himself with the evening crew. He makes some progress, but he can only cover a single deck at a time. When the shifts change again, a fresh set of data has to be collated. This mission is beginning to unsettle him. Something seems not quite right, like he’s forgetting something, but he pushes it to the back of his mind. He’s just getting frustrated. He can do this.
Sherlock’s hands moved to his fly and hesitated there, before he seemed to change his mind and reach for John’s hands instead. “Do you want to do this part?” he asked in a small, almost timid voice.
Having unbuttoned his cuffs, Sherlock shrugged his shirt off. His torso was lean, but not gaunt, and the firm muscles beneath his skin belied a hidden strength. He had a dusting of dark hair across his chest, and the iliac crest of his navel disappeared under the hem of his trousers, a natural valley for the eye to be drawn along, making an enticing promise of the rest of his anatomy.
“Shh, you’re alright. I’m right here,” John coos, wrapping his arms protectively around him as another small shudder ripples through Sherlock’s battered chest. “It’s okay. Go to sleep. I’ll be right here, the whole time.”
“I don’t like loose ends.”
“Yes you will,” Sherlock says, his tone infuriatingly calm. “Listen. Focus. Take deep breaths and control it. It’s easy.”
“What is it?” he said, studying John’s face. “This isn’t too much for you, is it? We don’t have to go if you don’t want to.”
When they broke apart, they were both panting. Sherlock felt overwhelmed; wanted nothing more than to go back to that wet heat, but he had to rally himself. This was it: The final test. If this didn’t convince John of his desire to please him in all the ways they both wanted, then nothing would.
“Are you sure?” John asked, his mouth suddenly dry. Sherlock nodded, and he set to work unbuttoning and then pulling down the zip. Then, hooking his thumbs under his belt, he pulled Sherlock’s trousers down, followed by his pants.
This couldn’t really be happening, could it? John felt a little hysterical. “It’s nothing, just—
“John?” Sherlock touches his shoulder, his eyes pinched with worry. “Are you alright?”
He pinches the bridge of his nose. Reading that ramped his headache up a notch.
the world— he autopsies it. But you just don’t get scenery like this in London. Having spent his life picking apart every scene piece-by-piece, it’s difficult to pull back and take in the wider picture. But even he has to admit there’s something striking about a sunset over a wide open sea.
“It’ll have to do. Clear!”
He leans over him, taking a moment just to smell it, that musky scent of sex and clean skin and fresh sweat. Then, tentatively, he flicks his tongue over the dripping head, tasting him. Sherlock makes a small noise at this, the first sound John has heard out of him since he began, and for a moment he’s terrified that Sherlock has woken up and discovered him tonguing his cock. But Sherlock is still locked away, thinking about God-knows-what in his Mind Palace, completely oblivious to anything John is doing.
“JOHN!”
going to be fun after all. The only way this could be any more perfect is if the Aurora has a swimming pool.
He tries not to think of it now. As long as he has strength in his limbs, he’s in no danger of drowning. Floating on his back doesn’t even take effort. He had to admit that Sherlock was right; swimming isn’t so difficult once you get the hang of it. He wets his parched throat and calls out again, louder this time. Maybe he just didn’t hear it.
Sherlock hums affirmatively, reaching for his cup. John hands it over. Their fingers brush accidentally, or as accidental as it can be when it happens so often. He's never asked. Sherlock just has long fingers, that's all. Good for playing violin, awkward for the passing of beverages between friends. They sip in silence for a few minutes, John allowing the hot liquid to ease some of the tension that’s been building up in his muscles over the course of the night. Even Sherlock’s rigid posture visibly relaxes, his forehead smoothing out beneath an errant, wind-swept curl of hair.
Mindy’s devilish eyes linger on him and John turns back to his phone, in part to avoid her increasingly uncomfortable questions, but also curious as to how Sherlock managed to find one of his favourite rooms in the most unlikely setting.
Next to him, Sherlock had noticed the colour rising in John’s cheeks and the wavering of his breath as he approached the cusp. He leaned in to whisper in John’s ear. “Might want to hold off a bit. Keep yourself on the edge.”
And God love him, he did.
“Found one of the bars, I see. That would explain the atrocious spelling earlier,” he notes with audible displeasure.
When Sherlock looked again, he saw not just a lonely, suicidal Army medic with a shoulder injury and a deathwish, but a man brimming with untold secrets and endless, fascinating potential. John Watson was a man whose outward appearances belied a secret myriad of inner qualities.
“Well not when you put it like that,” John replied, “but it’s the thought that counts, isn’t it? People like getting cards.”
“I wasn’t trying to.” Slowly, Sherlock climbs to his feet. “You were struggling. I thought I could help.”
Sherlock hasn’t stirred in a while.
“John, please don’t make me ask again.”
A passing car honked its horn in the street outside, startling them both. Blinking and clearing his throat, John stepped away. “We should, um. We’ll sign it once it’s dry.” He absently wiped the back of his hand across his nose and stared at their card, at the floor. Anything except those piercing silver eyes.
Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed. “John, I… had a dream. Except now I think about it, it might’ve been real.”
familial or innocent about this anymore. God, what were they doing?!
The waves gradually abated, and his muscles unwound themselves, relaxing enough to allow him to lay down flat again, mortified and gasping for air. For a moment, neither of them moved or spoke. The moment was frozen between them, undefined and fuzzy at the edges. But there was no need to spell it out. If his moaning hadn’t given it away, his frenzied rutting certainly had.
Finally, Sherlock's orgasm begins to subside and his body relaxes back into the cushions, still twitching occasionally with powerful aftershocks that make his cock dribble. When it eventually begins softening, John gingerly climbs off him.
Looking around, Greg saw no complaints from anyone else, which also wasn’t particularly surprising; he couldn’t think of a single soul, gay or straight, who’d turn down the opportunity to steal a kiss from Sherlock Holmes, even if they’d never openly admit it. So he spun the bottle on the table again, and a few seconds later it stopped on John.
enjoying it, then John would be able to measure the objective, irrefutable proof of his physiological state.
“Did you fall asleep? I wouldn’t be surprised; that looked fairly satisfying.”
“Glad?”
Sherlock can confidently say he is a better man today thanks almost exclusively to the warmth and constancy of John’s friendship, so to disappoint him like this is a painful kick in the gut, and he only has himself to blame.
Sherlock’s face, mere inches from John’s own, remained passive and unimpressed by the man’s taunts. To look at him, one might assume the whole affair was a minor inconvenience. He looked bored, only mildly irritated to have been stripped of his coat, his hands bound behind his back and the rest of him tied to his friend, ankles to sternum.
“Sherlock,” John warned, giving his best
As John moved to the kissee’s chair, Sherlock suppressed a cheeky grin.
His voice comes out on a low rasp. “Okay?”
But sometimes he dreams of a different trauma. Something much older, buried deeper in his subconscious. He doesn’t fully remember what happened, he was too young. He only knows the lingering effect it had on his psyche. He was nine at the time, and his young mind did a good job at shielding him from the full horror of it, he supposes. But sometimes, when the night is dark and the air is still, flickers of light and sound drift to the surface of his dreams. He feels the violent roll of the deck beneath him, smells the thick, rain-whipped sea air in his nostrils. He hears his father’s voice sending a panicked mayday on the radio.
“Doctor Watson, you— That— How dare you?” Mycroft squeaks, clearly unaccustomed to being stood up to. “That umbrella is not just— It contains sensitive government data, which I—”
“Sherlock—” His voice rasped, more a rush of air than sound. This couldn’t be happening to him. This wasn’t
All night, his mood had been plummeting, and now he realised why. And although it scared him, he wanted to understand it. He’d wanted it for so long, it had become almost unbearable.
how uncomfortable this is for me?”
Soon, his steady pace had John’s thighs twitching and his breath coming in irregular gasps and chokes. “I’m close,” he managed to say between gasps. “What should… When I come… what do you want…?”
“Nothing.”
But John’s fists remain clenched by his sides. Sherlock swallows around the tightness in his throat and offers the towel in a meek apology. “John, I didn’t mean to—”
He doesn’t remember seeing his mother get tossed overboard by the storm. But sometimes he hears her scream piercing through the howl of the wind, and those are the nights he wakes shaking and gasping for air.
“Together,” he agrees, and together they let gravity do the rest.
His breath caught in his throat as his brain momentarily whited-out.
Sherlock turned to him, a decidedly smug grin on his face. “I believe they expect us to kiss now,” he said matter-of-factly, bringing his face close to John’s.
People were smiling and laughing all around them, and nobody was shy about displaying affection. He caught the wandering eyes of someone almost anywhere he looked, and his mind was stuck on the idea of how they’d react if he just started rubbing himself right there in the middle of the street. He imagined their eyes falling to his crotch, their friendly expression melting into one of shock, perhaps even revulsion, and the imagery caused a spark of fresh heat in his abdomen.
“Hm?”
John’s breathing had become irregular, his pace increasing. He felt hot, and tense, and ready. His fist pumped over the head of his cock, making it twitch, making his legs shake. And he had no other choice— he had to ask.
“But I…” John looked at him timidly. “I mean, are you sure this won't be weird for you?”
John felt Sherlock’s low reply rumble like nightclub bass through both of their chests. “Mm,” he said. “It’ll bruise. It’s fine. What about you, can you breathe well enough? I’d get off if I could, but…”
, indeed. Their chances of survival will hinge on how quickly they can swim to shore. Teaching him a beginner technique won’t do; John will have to learn something more advanced. “Front crawl,” he announces, checking his waterlogged watch. “It is currently 11:24PM…ish. That puts us about seventy kilometres out. Given a generous estimate of, let’s say… two miles per hour, it should only take twenty-one hours of continuous swimming to reach land.”
I can’t do it. You have to.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, I had you,” he insists, but John lunges for him again. Sherlock is ready for it and dodges with ease. “Okay! Okay, I’m sorry. Would you just. Stop, John. You’ll never hit me like that.” He keeps a safe distance as John awkwardly drags himself through the water under the weight of his drenched clothes.
A strained whimper escaped John’s throat as Sherlock moved down to press his mouth to John’s carotid pulse beneath his ear. He let his lips tease against skin as he spoke. “I want to learn everything there is to know about you. I want to hear all the sounds you make when you let go, when you’re experiencing bliss under my hands, my lips,”—he dragged his tongue along the side of John’s neck, causing him to shudder and moan helplessly— “my tongue.”
John holds up a finger. “Wait. Just let me speak for a bit. I know you were just trying to help. And if I’m honest, I think part of me must have wanted this. I’ve been avoiding it for so long, I haven’t the first idea how to properly deal with it. I knew you’d been planning something. I could have just carried on avoiding you this whole trip. But instead I rushed up there, even after seeing on the map what you were leading me towards.
He forced a nod and a smile. “Yeah, okay. Let’s go get chips.”
“Sherlock,” John hissed, barely able to prevent his body from twitching at every bolt of pleasure that was skittering up his spine. “Could you… Stop. Sherlock, stop, please.”
They turn and begin at a leisurely pace back towards Baker Street. “Anytime you need it, John.”
“I’m well aware.”
John hesitates, hackles raised like some wild, distrustful creature. Then with a familiar sigh of defeat, he slaps the booklet into Sherlock’s outstretched palm just as their taxi pulls up to the curb.
One mis-timed thrust is all it takes to make Sherlock slip accidentally into John's (thankfully quite relaxed) arsehole. Sherlock’s eyes fly open for the briefest moment, before screwing tightly closed, and suddenly his upper half lifts off the sofa and for a moment John panics, thinking he's woken up, but it's just his stomach muscles clenching like a vice and he’s cumming hard into John’s arse, his cock pulsing thickly inside him. John feels the rush of fluid passing through Sherlock’s cock as it spurts out in waves. A long, strangled cry of escapes his friend, hitching and intensifying around the rhythmic shuddering of his body, and it just seems to keep on going as his cock tenses five, six, seven times, coating John's insides in vast, hot pulses that trickle out of him and onto Sherlock's skin and the sofa. The sight, sound and smell of it pushes John over the edge and he’s suddenly cumming too, squirting his own loads of semen over Sherlock's heaving chest. His anus clenches around Sherlock’s cock, milking the remainder out of him.
The Aurora’s rumbling engines and electric lights shrink into the distance, until his splashing and panting breaths sound loud and isolated in his ears. He calls out again. And again. John is nowhere to be seen. He calls until his voice breaks, but his voice is swallowed into the night and nothing answers it. He’s aware of a sharp ache in his side, something squeezing and pulling, but it’s not a priority right now— John is out here somewhere, alone. Drowning. Or drowned already.
Falling snow, twinkling lights, paper hats. Short, grey days and long, dark nights. Sherlock had always had a certain fondness for Christmas, but this was the year he grew to love it more than any other day on the calendar.
He resumed along their path, allowing John to fall into step beside him, grateful for the opportunity to regroup himself. The next time Sherlock spoke, he sounded spirited. “Shall we pick up some chips on the way home? That little place down Audley should still be open this time of night, I think.”
“Yeah, it’s just… The friction, it’s…”
“You daft git,” John whispered affectionately, “You really think I didn't know? I wouldn’t have sat here and kissed back if it were anyone else.”
He leans forward, forcing John to tilt his head up. This is a dangerous game he’s playing. “In fact, you’ve done nothing but run from it since the start, haven’t you?” Sherlock accuses. John’s hands flex. Seemingly oblivious to the fire threatening to engulf him, Sherlock carries on.
they would turn and see him now; the very thought of it made his cock twitch in twisted delight.
And hospital means that he’s alive. John is mobile enough to be at his bedside, which is another good sign. The only unknown that remains is what happened to his hands.
He felt the familiar pressure building as his balls filled up with sperm. Sherlock had turned to face him now, always seeming to know with a keen sixth sense when John was getting closer. He watched John from afar, locking eyes with him but making no attempt to move in, and John’s speeding heartbeat hammered with a heady mix of fear and excitement that pulsed in his ears and through the veins of his cock.
“But you—” John swallowed tightly. “You don’t get anything out of this. It’s not fair.”
It’s midday by the time they touch down in the outskirts of Mahon. The heat is stifling as they step off the plane, hazy lines rising from the tarmac. Only the slightest breeze caresses Sherlock’s face and whispers through his curls, carrying with it a scent of jasmine and coffee above the unmistakable saltiness of the nearby coast. He breathes it in, feeling a familiar rush of excitement for the adventure that awaits.
“Oh, I also have these—” she added, and produced two slips of what looked like tickets of some kind, but John didn’t get a good look at them before they were handed over. Sherlock flashed her a polite smile before pocketing them without a second glance. “I was going to go with my husband, you see, but all this has thrown our plans into disarray. You can do whatever you like with them.”
John halts, fingers curled tightly around the banister. “No?”
John has to look away, at the floor. Anywhere but directly at that self-assured, condescending face. Sherlock still doesn’t get it. There’s no point even listening to this. He turns to leave, but Sherlock grabs him by the arm. John tries to shake him off, but his grip only tightens. “John, please just listen—”
“God. I haven’t come like that in… in…” He let out a deep sigh, barely able to muster the energy to form a coherent sentence. His lids felt heavy. He really could fall asleep like this, in Sherlock’s arms, except there was the slightly inconvenient matter of the mess drying over his stomach to deal with.
“It means that I don’t feel things that way,” he said. “It would take a lot more to provoke the same reaction in me than a few minutes of frotting. Mostly, I just find that sort of contact… uncomfortable. You’ve heard of asexuality before, yes?”
But it was too much, too soon. Sherlock couldn’t yet make sense of his own feelings, freshly-thawed as they were by this new presence in his life. John had been disappointed by the rejection, but hadn’t complained. He had been a steadfast companion ever since, and neither of them had broached the topic again.
He swallows heavily. “I’ve never actually done this before.”
John pumps his own cock faster, bringing himself back to the edge and willing Sherlock's body to cum beneath him. His arse has a tight grip, his hole twitching longingly against the silky flesh and their hips roll forward over and over, pressing firmly together. Sherlock's is even doing so of its own accord now, in its desperation for release. He's so close now, John knows, convulsing on the sofa, arms limp at his sides, features drawn tight on his face. He’s grinding his cock against John, nudging his bollocks with every thrust. John can feel Sherlock's long overdue climax fast approaching in the thickening of his prick, the rush of heat in his balls as they draw up and tighten against him.
“Please.”
Having finished his observation of the morning shift, it’s as he suspected: The trafficker is playing it smart. It would be nigh impossible to hide someone for an entire day, to speak nothing of how dangerous it would be to attack someone in broad daylight. More likely he’s on the night shift, probably taking advantage of the low visibility and diminished foot-traffic to move about undetected.
“I’m not an idiot,” John calls to him. “Are you injured? Bad fall, or something else?”
John had never known a friendship like this. He’d never trusted someone so completely. The looks Sherlock would give him during these moments were completely readable and honest, full of warmth and concern. When they first met, John would never have dreamt that Sherlock would become his personal talisman, watching over him and affording him a level of freedom to act in public in ways he never thought would be possible. And while there would always be an inherent risk in allowing him to do this, his friend’s judgement was unerringly reliable.
He felt a tugging at his jeans then, the zipper sliding open, and Sherlock moved to delve beneath the waistband of his pants towards the centre of John’s aching need. It took a great deal of willpower to catch Sherlock’s wrist, stopping it before his hand could find its prize.
“John, relax. You’re thinking too much.”
“Of course. It’ll be easier.”
“Sherlock,” he tried again, desperation keening in his voice even as he tried to stay quiet, lest their captors overhear. “Sherlock, please…”
“This should be interesting,” Anderson murmured as he watched the bottle spin again. It settled on him. He groaned and buried his face in his hands. Of all people, why
He waited. A minute later, it seemed John had given up his train of thought. Sherlock couldn’t bear to leave it alone. “Didn’t even what?”
But first, they’re going to Menorca. Great. All told, he can think of far worse places Sherlock might have wanted to drag him off to. It’ll be hot this time of year, and God knows he needs to get away from London for a while. It’s been far, far too long since he last went abroad. His complexion is slowly coming to resemble Sherlock’s own pasty white skin from months of perpetually overcast English weather. Even if they’ll be going for casework, there should be enough downtime to relax for a bit and soak up the atmosphere. The more he considers it, the more appealing it becomes. He closes his eyes for a few seconds, visualising sunny days, starlight nights, and somewhere in the middle of it all the pair of them in shorts and sunglasses, chasing a criminal past posh villas and down cobbled roads.
Sherlock opened his eyes then, and fixed John with the kind of intense, penetrating look that he usually reserved for crime scenes, and it was clear he understood exactly what John needed. John felt him reaching in and exploring everything, stripping him bare; a spotlight shining across the landscape of his inner self, unapologetic, unreserved. The sudden vulnerable exposure was so shocking that it sent him flying over the edge with a choked gasp.
“Off you go then,” Sherlock balled up the scarf and purposefully threw it at John’s face. John glared at him. Sherlock’s drunken petulance could occasionally be considered cute, but this was beginning to border on aggravated childishness.
“What would have been the point?” His brow creases in confusion. “Two outcomes: You either accept or decline. If you declined, we would get nowhere and the problem would persist. If you accepted, then how is that any different? What changes?”
“I understand.”
"You have no proof. The court rejects your accusation and moves to dismiss this whole conversation."
“Then you’d better go get it then, hadn’t you?” John remarks, squaring his feet and crossing his arms. He won’t be intimidated. Not by him. Not even if Sherlock wasn’t lying there watching the whole thing unfold with a heated look in his eyes that sends sparks up and down John’s spine. Red-faced and fuming, Mycroft glances back and forth between them at a loss for words, and John feels the tiniest glimmer of pride at having momentarily broken his brain.
“Nor would you be here at all, brother mine,” Mycroft replies, shooting him an almost sickly sweet smile. “Indeed, our satellite received the signal transmitted by John’s phone and a relief team was waiting at the dock in Marseille. When it became apparent neither of you were still on-board, a rescue helicopter was sent to scout the vicinity of your last known location. It seems you were pulled out of the water just in time. I think we can call the operation a success overall, don’t you?”
John always gave his best effort to behave himself in public, but there were certain places and situations that proved too much of a temptation. Sherlock’s patience with him was boundless, never questioning the matter whenever his friend gave in to his troublesome needs. He simply did what he could to accommodate him, trusting that John had done everything he could to resist the urge, and never did John detect any amount of shame or disappointment when he couldn’t hold back any longer— only acceptance.
“Eh? Oh, yeah. Just a few,” John replies. “You wouldn’t believe some of these cocktails they’re serving. Very fruity, but not half bad.”
He wrenches his hand out of John’s grip. “This will be faster with both hands free,” he breathes, hoping that John will buy the lie. “Let me swim behind you. Slipstream like fish and jet fighters do.”
He flashes a humorous look. “I think you mean 'under'. So, why exactly are we up here? You said it was important.” His eyes flit between Sherlock and the pool behind him, narrowing as the supicion creeps up on him like a tiger in the grass.
“No,” he agrees. “I plan to do whatever it takes to ensure you have sufficient cause to smile like that every day from now on.”
“Sherlock, squeeze my hand if you can hear me.”
And in that moment, he’d decided. “God yes,” John leaned in to him, but Sherlock pressed his fingers to John’s lips and held him back.
“What of the other one?” Mikhail growls as they’re hauling John to his feet. “We need the other. This one is just lackey.”
“You were an exotic dancer in a past life, Mrs Hudson. I’m sure you’ve been in far more compromising positions,” Sherlock offered with a lopsided smirk.
“Stars?” Sherlock scoffed, his breath accidentally blowing a scrap of coloured tissue paper off the table. “I thought this was a day scene. You can’t have a big yellow sun
“That’s what’s bothering you?” he asked, not trying to hide the bewilderment in his voice. “That I didn’t get an erection?” He supposed that made sense. Perhaps John worried there was something wrong with having reacted that way, that it made him a pervert, perhaps? “Would you have preferred if I had?”
He doesn’t ask if the donation was voluntary. Mycroft may not be the self-sacrificing type, but John wouldn’t put it past him to find other ways around the problem. The less he knows about where that kidney came from, the better.
“No, I won’t be working with security,” Sherlock explains. “Too risky. Word travels quickly through a ship’s crew, even one of the Aurora’s considerable size. I can’t afford to give him forewarning of my presence. I’ll wait for him to make a move on somebody, then catch him in the act.”
“Good man,” Sherlock says, clapping him on the shoulder. “You won’t regret it.”
Sherlock’s face is pale, his eyes lightly closed. Swallowing his dread, John cups a hand beneath his flaring nostrils and is relieved when he feels the warm gust of his breath. The tightness in his brow relaxes.
John’s heart swelled with affection for him. He didn’t understand how he could be this lucky.
horny. My mind wants nothing more than to just… rut against you like a fucking animal, or something. And I know what you said earlier, about… But, you can’t possibly want—”
Then for long, quiet minutes they simply look at each other. John is transfixed by the colour in his eyes, so bright now compared to the dull greyness they had faded to before. Sherlock returns his gaze with an unreadable expression. He’s probably trying to get a read on John’s sudden nervous energy.
“I heard someone say I was in VT,” he explains.
Or would such a thing repulse him?
important, and is looking entirely too smug about it. He casually raises the tip of his umbrella to peer at its metal point in false interest.
A pair of kids barrel out of the arcade in front of him, yelling and chasing each other with plastic guns. John’s fingers itch for the heavy weight of his own Sig, but it would have been impossible to smuggle through security at the dock. There’s an uncomfortable uncertainty in chasing down a dangerous suspect while unarmed, but he’ll have to make do. If push comes to shove, he knows he can be just as dangerous with his bare fists.
Sherlock peers over the edge. “I have a confession to make,” he says, dizzied by a sudden sense of vertigo.
The ride to the dock is, in a word, uncomfortable. The air conditioning in the cab is broken. Even rolling the windows down to their limits barely takes the edge off, leaving them sweltering in the midday heat. John’s shirt is soaked through with sweat in a matter of minutes, and though the cabbie apologises profusely in his thick Catalan accent, he doesn’t have the energy to complain.
To see him now, you would think John expected Sherlock to kill him any second. There is no trust in his eyes, nor even anger. Only pure, primal fear. It's so unlike anything Sherlock has come to associate with him that for a moment his thoughts are frozen in shock, unable to reconcile this pitiful creature with the man he thought he knew. This wasn't supposed to happen. He thought that once they were in the pool, John would realise there was no danger after all and take to it like he does any other task set before him, with courage and determination. More than that, John was supposed to
coincidence Mycroft needed someone who could identify him quickly and accurately in a crowd. We both agreed his own agents would have been useless.”
“Pass me those sequins.”
“Right.”
“You really should, love,” John softly insists. “It’d pass a lot quicker if you would just give your body a bit of downtime to fight it off.”
he thinks. But he can’t just leave him like that. He knows first-hand how uncomfortable it can be, walking around with a stiffy for hours on end. He lives with Sherlock Holmes, for chrissakes, he’s hard half the time just being in close proximity to the man.
John sensed that something had change enormously in Sherlock’s tone between the first and second kiss, and he wasn’t entirely sure it was on purpose. He seemed to have lost any semblance of control, forgotten what was even the point of this, beyond the apparent pleasure of simply kissing him. Whatever was happening right now, neither of them seemed to be playing the game any longer. They were really just… kissing. All pretence seemed to have been forgotten and left behind, as was anybody else in the room. In that moment, it was just the two of them. He tried to speak, but when he felt the tip of Sherlock’s tongue run delicately, pleadingly along his lower lip, John very nearly trembled into him. He opened his mouth, an invitation that was readily accepted, and now there was definitely
Does he really do that?
He can see the argument dancing at the threshold of Sherlock’s lips, held back by a conscious effort. At least he’s trying. However, a question manages to slip free. “How is it you never learnt to swim? You went through basic training.”
Curious, he poked his head around the door. “Morning. What you up to, then?”
He isn’t sure what he just read. Whatever it was, it’s useless and barely legible. The nausea must have returned full force to be having that kind of effect on him. Poor John. The sooner Sherlock does something to resolve his seasickness, the better for them both. He shoves his phone back into his pocket with a sigh. As usual, the hard part is going to be all down to him.
“Idiot. I heard you scratching your beard. Next!”
. It's a minor relief, but now that he's started, he finds he couldn't possibly stop. He begins wanking them both simultaneously, matching their speeds. He’s not entirely sure why he wants to time them to cum together, but just the idea of it is proving irresistibly arousing, so he’s going to try, even if he has no idea how close Sherlock is right now.
On the day of Sherlock’s release from the hospital, Mycroft sends a private car to take them back home to Baker Street.
This isn’t so difficult. It’s not easy, but floating on his back, his face to the night sky, it feels like they’re making steady progress. His heartbeat pounds in time with the percussive rhythm of his limbs through the water, a steady swooshing that takes his mind off the reality of their predicament. As long as he doesn’t get stuck thinking about how deep it is beneath the surface, he’s okay. He can stay calm. He can
Sherlock gave him a puzzled look. “What do you mean?”
He frowns, confused. “Had what planned?”
It was becoming too much to resist. But even as his hand moved of its own accord to paw at his groin, Sherlock whirled in front of him, his coat billowing to surround them both. With firm hands on his shoulders, Sherlock pushed John back against the wall of a building, pressing in close to him.
With a broad smile, Sherlock points him towards a nearby deckchair. A small, innocuous carrier bag sits atop his discarded clothes. John approaches it with the same caution he would display approaching an IED. Sherlock puffs his chest and speaks as a teacher directing his student. “We have approximately one and a half hours. I am going to teach you to swim."
John lets himself be led down onto the quay, silently cursing that he may be, after all, stupid enough to follow Sherlock into Hell.
Sherlock chews his lip, his eyes full of emotion, and it doesn’t matter what he’ll say; John will always forgive him. How could he not? Sherlock’s mistakes may often be dramatic, even perilous. But to err is human, and under a strange kind of logic that makes him the most
Anderson returned to the circle, going straight for his drink with a sour expression on his face.
But what they already have is so wonderful, better than he’d ever hoped for, that he would be an idiot to jeopardise it for what might simply turn out to be misplaced feelings of chivalry. For God’s sake, he’d nearly lost him. Sherlock nearly
The first time his head dipped under, the rush of water through his nose jolted him awake and sent a flash of adrenaline to his legs, spurring them into action. When it happened again, half an hour later, he had to cough up a cold lungful of water.
His head brushes back and forth against John’s collar. “I can’t.”
!’ in fat, red letters.
His sentence is abruptly cut off by a pair of plush, painted lips pressed against his own. It takes his brain a few long seconds to catch up to reality. Then her tongue snakes its way into his mouth, and he pulls away with a gasp, clambering to his feet so fast that his chair screeches against the polished floor.
He looked adorably distraught at the idea. John chuckled, shaking his head. “From now on,” he said, “I don’t think we’ll need an excuse to do this whenever we like.”
In the dark, John nodded and started mimicking Sherlock’s movements. Stopped a moment later. Actually, that wasn’t such a good idea.
Sherlock can’t be sure if that means he’s had a few drinks, or drank his way through several bars. John’s tolerance for alcohol is notably higher than the average male of his age, which has led Sherlock to suspect he was once far more like his sister than he would ever care to admit.
Afterwards, they were still finding sequins and stars in odd places around the flat for weeks. One night, John noticed Sherlock was staring at him unusually intently— even for him. John lowered his newspaper. “Something on my face?”
Everyone they knew now considered John the foremost expert on Sherlock Holmes, and not without good reason: They had grown thick as thieves in no time at all. And one thing he knew for sure about his strange, brilliant flatmate? He was no sociopath. His major problem seemed to be his difficulty to connect with and express his emotions. But hell, even John himself struggled with that, and most people considered him a perfectly normal bloke.
“Can’t wait to put my feet up,” John says, shucking his coat. “I expect even you’ll be wanting a kip after all this, eh?”
John had never been a selfish man; he was grateful for whatever life deemed fit to gift his way. But there had been a time, right back in the beginning, when he had dared to have such hopes. Perhaps because at that time, he had no idea how important Sherlock would become to him. Sherlock was his closest and most treasured friend, too important to lose, and now it was unthinkable that he would risk what they had in the pursuit of something more. Fantasies be damned: Real life wasn’t always perfect, but it was at least
Kind readers, do let me know if the formatting of this chapter is too annoying, I will change it if it's unpopular. <3
“Why?” Sherlock asked.
“First of all, I don’t know anyone else obsessive enough to go through all that trouble just to win a bloody game. And second… I don’t think there’s anyone else in the world who loves me enough to kiss me like that.”
“Or boy,” Sherlock interjects. “Men get taken as well. It’s rarer, but it does happen.”
John opened his mouth, a silent, instinctual encouragement, and Sherlock immediately claimed it, gasping at the sudden heat of this new place. Feeling his knees threaten to give way, he knelt before John, drawing his face down level with his own. His hands came away from where he was resting his weight on the chair, and instead held John’s face between them, suddenly terrified he would leap up and run away at any second. He didn’t want this to stop. Ever. He didn’t think it would ever be enough to sate him. They kissed for what felt like hours, but was probably just a few minutes. John even took control of it, perhaps sensing Sherlock’s inexperience in the somewhat clumsy way he moved; a little too much pressure here and there, accidental nips of teeth, his tongue travelling every inch, tasting every surface, as if mapping him out. It was passionate and loving, but unhurried. It was like they were speaking another language, holding an entire conversation of things they’d needed to say for so long, but never could find the right words. As it turned out, they hadn’t needed words for this at all.
He recoils from the touch. Terrified of letting him get too far, John’s hands fly out and pull him back. “What are you doing?”
“Nearly had us all figured out, didn’t you?” The man’s thin lips pulled into a mocking grin. “So close,” he crooned. “The great Sherlock Holmes, Consulting
“I think you broke me,” John mumbled. Sherlock’s voice sounded rough at the edges. He reached up to stroke his fingers gently along his stubbly jaw. “That didn’t hurt, did it? Sounds like it’ll be sore.”
“Leave it. It’s fine,” John said, looking away. “Let’s just go home. Alright?”
“No!” John cried. “No, just… Alright, yes. But not for the reasons you’re probably thinking.”
His brow tightens. “John, you could have killed yourself. Why would you risk your life to save me?”
, which was something of a tradition in itself these days, as if he still felt it necessary to do everything in his power to atone for his part in the
“Much. That was… Thank you. Thanks, Sherlock. I really mean it. You didn’t have to do that for me.”
The door slams shut.
dare, I'm not joking!”
It’s almost too miraculous to be true. They’ve been found. He doesn’t dare close his eyes again; if this is a dream, he doesn't want to wake from it. The chopper’s blades cut through the air as it descends towards them, whipping the sea into a violent spray of salt and brine and making his ears ring with the sound of it. He watches the harness as it lowers, accompanied by a rescuer in bright orange gear. Sherlock goes up first, hanging limp and unconscious, reddened with sunburn. Watching him ascend, John’s eyes sting with fresh tears. There’s no more room for doubt in his mind: If he lives, then so will Sherlock. Nobody left behind.
“Why?” Sherlock countered impatiently. “If I already know who it is, it’s not going to make any difference whether I wait or not, is it? Next!”
“We should go home,” he suggested, and gave Sherlock a look that communicated the rest of his meaning. His friend knew it well. They were about to leave when a group approached them, singing as they hung multi-coloured lanyards around their necks and pecking their cheeks with friendly kisses.
A brief but satisfying look of horror passes over his face. “You wouldn’t dare.”
“Anything.” He pressed a tender kiss along John’s jaw. So patient.
John’s head whips around. “Why, what do you want it for?”
“I’m moving out.”
But that tamped down flame of desire burned brighter than ever now, and he didn’t know what to do. The entire future of their friendship now pivoted on the fulcrum of his troubling emotions.
One of Sherlock’s arms hooks over his back and under his armpit, anchoring him securely as his stomach empties itself. His throat burns and hot tears sting his eyes. He closes them to block out the sight of the waves churning twenty feet beneath his suspended head.
“Yes,” he replied surely. “If it would please you, anything. Only don’t be disappointed that I won’t be hard for you. It wouldn’t mean that I’m not enjoying the experience, or don't want to be there. You know I rarely subject myself to things I find boring or unappealing.”
“We have a description and a name, thanks to the testimony given by victim. Enough for me to be going on with, certainly. But they don’t want to make any arrests without what they classify as ‘solid proof.’”
There’s a quiet sob, and for several long minutes, Sherlock seems unable to release the tension in his muscles. But John lightly strokes his fingers up and down Sherlock’s arm and presses small kisses atop the crown of his head, and slowly — ever so slowly — Sherlock begins to relax.
The next day, their homemade card took pride of place on Mrs Hudson’s mantlepiece. She cooed over it for the better part of an hour, John and Sherlock keeping her company until it was time to see her off for a visit to her sister’s.
“John…”
He sighs. It's always a bad sign when Sherlock is reduced to saying
It’s the first thing John has heard from Sherlock all day. After yesterday’s blunder, they’ve been keeping a distance from each other. John isn’t ready to fully trust him again yet, and Sherlock is probably scared of slipping up again by sheer accident.
The noise John makes rises somewhere between a bark and a laugh. “Sherlock, there is no way I was going to let you run headlong into this on your own, and you know it. In fact, I think you said it deliberately, just so I would change my mind. I’m getting wise to your tricks,” he says, waggling a finger under his nose. Sherlock bats it away.
They’re going to make it.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked down to John’s lips, then back to his eyes. “So, do you want to…?”
The ward is bright and airy and nothing at all like how he feels watching Sherlock languish in that room, surrounded by the equipment that, for now, is keeping him alive.
conversation.
And by the time he’d met Sherlock Holmes and was sharing a flat with the brilliant detective, it was a full blown neurosis in his life. The need to touch himself in public had become an almost irresistible temptation, part of his sexual identity. It was as much ‘John’ as anything else, as much as his warm jumpers and his steaming cups of tea, his heavy Sig handgun and the starburst scar on his shoulder.
Phil Anderson arrived shortly thereafter, cheerfully handing over a bottle of
“Alright…”
The reality of his predicament slams home with the force of a hurricane. In a matter of minutes the ship will set sail— and he’ll be on it. Soon there’ll be nothing but miles-deep water in all directions. No escape, no going back. Whatever happens will be completely out of his control. His toes dig into the soles of his shoes as if they could grip the very boards beneath him and refuse to let go.
“No, don’t tell me who!”
“The kissee can set their own boundaries, which
“One of me is rather enough, I think,” he says, his skin warming at the unexpected compliment. With a wave over his shoulder, John disappears into the lower decks, and Sherlock turns back to the view beyond the dock, watching cars moving along distant roads like will’o’wisps in the dark.
“You like kissing,” John murmured against Sherlock’s swollen lips. “Heavy kissing. It’s a sexual thing, for me, this. But how does it feel for you? What do you get from it?”
“Please, please… Oh, please… Sher… Please,
“I didn’t do anything to it.” Sherlock clicks his tongue disapprovingly. “Do keep up, dear. I just
“Whatever works,” he shrugs. “Do whatever you think is having the right effect. As long as I
After a full minute of silence — during which Sherlock fails to come up with a response that wouldn’t immediately make things even worse — John backs off, leaning against the rail once more. “So. Did you have any luck?” he tries again, sounding each word as if speaking to a stubborn child. “I take it you’ve had a rough day, Sherlock, but I’m only trying to help.”
He hesitated, not wanting to make this more awkward for his friend, but imagining how amazing it would feel to have him stare deeply into John’s eyes as he comes. So far, Sherlock didn’t seem to mind what was going on. After all, this had been his suggestion. But would it be asking too much of him to actively share in that moment? Was it crossing some sort of line, make it too blatant that he would be the reason John ultimately came apart?
In the end, and at John’s insistence, they decide to leave the phones in the car; a polite but firm rejection. After all that happened, they feel eager to take the reigns of life and regain some of the control that was lost. A new chapter is upon them; it starts as soon as their flat door swings closed and Sherlock crowds John against the wall, needy and impatient to begin.
about John. And the longer they knew each other, the more obvious it became. Not only to John, but to everyone they knew.
John stroked his hands up and down Sherlock’s thighs. “What a prat. I’m so sorry. That must have been awful.”
“Bad news?” a sweet feminine voice asks, pulling his attention away from his phone.
“I’m not very good at this sort of thing,” Sherlock admits, his eyes fixed on John’s bandages. “But there’s something I feel you deserve to hear. This experience has put certain things into perspective for me.”
nights, I 'spose."
"Oh. Right."
John turns fully to face him. “Sherlock, you really are an impatient sod sometimes. If you’d let me finish, I’m trying to say I was gathering information. Asking around for gossip, that sort of thing. I wasn’t
“So will you stay?” Sherlock asked some time later, as they cuddled on top of the bed. There was uncertainty there, as if he didn’t quite trust the obvious conclusion. As brilliantly clever as he was, sometimes he still needed the simplest things spelling out.
John moved to clamber his way out, but Sherlock gripped his arm. “Not yet,” he said. “Wait until the car starts moving. They’ll notice the weight let up if we get out now.” They sat poised like stone statues, waiting for the moment. Then, the lurch of the engine. “Now!”
“Nothing unusual. Just… stimulation. I’ll be inside my Mind Palace, so I won’t even experience it. I won’t see, hear, or feel it. But my body will respond. I just need relief, John. Please?”
This was uncharted territory. But he had to do something about it, otherwise it was going to drive him mad. He needed to know what it felt like, to kiss John Watson. To be kissed by him. The prospect was both exciting and terrifying, but if he was able to remain separated from it emotionally, perhaps he could examine the results objectively.
He smiles against Sherlock’s lips. “I love you too, you amazing, incredible, utterly mad—”
And yet, he’d been growing acclimatised to the gentle swaying of the decks. Slowly, but surely. Mercifully, the nausea had begun to settle after the first few hours on board, and as long as he didn’t catch too many glimpses of the outside world he’d been relatively stable. He could almost pretend he was back in Menorca and this was just some kind of fully-enclosed tourist resort.
“Are you ever going to stop smiling?” Sherlock asks him, half-dozing as he watches John peck away at his screen.
“Nuh uh, that’s not in the rules,” Greg said, waggling his finger at him. “I don’t know how, but… you lost, mate. Down yer drink.”
"No."
And there it was: The final proof. Sherlock’s irises were slim bands of silver around the expanse of his pupils. He was waiting, breath held, as if John held the answer to the most important question in the world.
“But it would feel so selfish,” John said, his voice tight. “I couldn’t just take and give nothing in return.”
John leans against the doorframe. Sherlock’s dark eyes watch him expectantly. Neither of them speak for several minutes, until finally, John decides it’s enough. He clears his throat, his voice exuding a calm that disguises the rumbling storm in his head. “You know what you did was wrong.”
“You know, it’s not a bad idea, all this,” he says, thumbing over his shoulder. “In theory it’s a brilliant idea. A whole travelling resort full of luxuries, and then every so often you get to visit a different city and go sightseeing for a few hours. I’d be all for it, if not for the whole ‘sailing across the sea’ bit. It’s a bit like going on holiday in Satan’s private limo.”
“They’re your size,” Sherlock explains. “I think they'll look rather fetching. If you don't like the banana-print they have other patterns available. I nearly went for a pair with palm trees and coconuts, if that’s more—”
“A bit.”
A fool can hope.
The man — Salvatore, because of course he’d be Italian — leaned in close to Sherlock’s ear. His breath stank of cigar ash, bitter and rotten. He was so close to John’s face that John had to fight the urge to headbutt the smarmy wanker, but one warning glance from Sherlock’s sharp, oceanic eyes put paid to the idea. They would get him eventually, but not now. Right now, survival and escape were paramount.
And somewhere outside his dream he can hear that same voice saying, “They don’t know if,” and “I’ll call you when,” and “He might never.”
Half-time arrived, and the players filtered out of the field. To John’s relief (and slight disappointment, if he was honest) not many people around them got out of their seats, leaving them mostly undisturbed.
The punch gave a sickening crack. As he clambering to his feet, he sees the woman cringing and shaking out her broken fist. He has but a split-second to think as Mikhail closes in again. Facing a hopeless battle, the decision is easy to make.
“What was all that?”
“Neither of us want to go back, John. We’ve always been something more than just friends. Everybody picks up on it. Why don’t we just acknowledge it, at last?”
“Feel better?” Sherlock asked, with an expression of genuine affection on his face that John had only ever seen directed at him. It made him feel warm inside.
that scarf. He didn’t want it stretched or made smelly with people’s forehead sweat. He’ll have to bug Mycroft to buy him another one for his birthday.
Mikhail’s arm jerks forward. Sherlock swiftly dodges with a boxer’s grace, saving himself from a strike that would have cut clean across his neck. But another swipe follows right after the first, the metal of the blade singing in the air. It passes an inch from his face and sends him stumbling off-balance. Mikhail presses the advantage and knocks him against the deck wall, slamming into him with his full weight and knocking the wind out of his chest.
“You… love me?” John asks, stupidly, because he still can’t quite believe those words coming from Sherlock’s mouth, even though nothing else in the world makes as much sense as this. “Why didn’t you tell me sooner?”
“That’s easy. Using any easily-measured edge or surface as a point of reference—”
. Sometimes it’s hard to tell whether he’s Sherlock’s friend or merely a live-in test subject for him to study and experiment on. But it's worth it, he supposes. Yeah, he could do a lot worse. He jokes, but living with Sherlock has been some of the best and most exciting years of his life. He wouldn't trade it for the world.
More crackling. The buzzing gets louder.
John’s eyes narrow, but he digs into his pocket anyway. “Don’t know why I listen to you. You’re a bloody tyrant sometimes.”
His face pulls back, revealing a fresh gleam in his eyes. “There’s no value in my existence. What we do doesn’t even make a dent in the criminal underworld. Life will go on, just as it always has.”
The worry melts from Sherlock’s pallid face, and John is privately glad. He doesn’t know what he would do with himself otherwise; there’s nowhere else he’d rather be but here, supporting and taking care of him. In only three short days he’d grown to miss Sherlock’s deep voice, the spark of life in his eyes, the flourish of his coat as he made a dramatic exit from a room in his unmistakable style. John drinks up every word, every glance, every movement like a thirsty man crawling out of the desert and back into civilisation.
It was Sherlock’s turn to fidget, caught out by the unexpected admission. John seemed to hear the echo of his own words a moment later. His head flew up, eyes wide as he fumbled to correct himself. “Not that— That wasn’t— I just mean—”
John," he explained. "I love the sight of you losing yourself in pleasure. I love knowing that
It took a second, but then a flicker of confusion crossed John’s face. He looked up, meeting Sherlock’s eye. His Adam’s Apple bobbed as he swallowed once, twice. Sherlock could see multiple conclusions being drawn and discarded behind his eyes from the simple statement. Eventually John said, “What does that mean?”
“I think what initially troubled you about the incident last night wasn’t that I didn’t show the same physical response,” he began. “It was more to do with you coming to the realisation that you could no longer keep your feelings for me platonic in the face of what happened.” John averted his eyes briefly, but came right back as Sherlock ploughed on.
He turns to leave. Before he can step away, Sherlock lunges and grabs him by the upper arms. The element of surprise gives him the advantage and he begins walking them backwards, dragging John, fully clothed, towards the pool’s edge.
Years later, John still hadn’t forgotten the experience. And maybe it became some sort of coping mechanism — a way for his brain to protect itself from the shame, take some control over the experience — but being hard in public had gradually warped into something of a thrill that he began to seek out, rather than avoid. He remembered the way it had made him feel, standing flushed and erect in front of so many people. Utterly powerless and vulnerable.
“Maybe the terminal will sell you a pair,” he says, the dark lenses catching the sun’s reflection. Sherlock averts his gaze. “They usually have them. Ugly as sin and expensive, no doubt, but it’s good business, gouging all them tourists who don’t bother planning more than five minutes ahead of themselves.”
John had closed his eyes against the truth laid so bare, his hands clenching and unclenching at his sides.
John watched over his shoulder at all the people marching by. Occasionally someone would glance over and meet his eyes, and a coy smile would light up their face at the sight of two people sharing a moment of tenderness and love. It made John’s breath hitch in his throat, a burst of pleasure flaring hot in his steadily leaking cock;
“You’re right. I have been running,” he says. Sherlock’s eyes brighten hopefully, but John is quick to temper his expectations. “That doesn’t mean I’m ready to let you or anyone else go there again just yet. Just… Give me a little space. I need to cool down and think about it.”
Everybody always said that Sherlock was an arsehole; socially inept, incapable of sentiment. What they didn’t know is that he simply reserved those feelings for the few people he truly considered important to him, and John was lucky enough to be counted among them. They were both mature and comfortable enough in themselves that this odd arrangement seemed to work, and after that first time, John felt much better about going out to places, so long as Sherlock was there with him, keeping him safe.
Somewhere over the English channel, John flops back down into his aisle seat and releases a huff of hot air. “Typical. Five minutes after takeoff and there’s already a queue for the loo.” He throws his head back and addresses the seat controls above him. “Why did I agree to this?”
So after finding himself dosed, and spending the rest of the night with an erection that just won't quit, he’d begged John to take them home and help him deal with it.
“And is this… enough?” he asked, worrying at his lip.
That’s usually a safe assumption. But right now they’re alone with no way to call for help. It’s the pitch black of night in the middle of the Mediterranean sea, and nobody on board the Aurora will notice their absence until the ship docks at Naples. That’s ten hours away, at least. The search and rescue will take even longer.
He makes his way outside for the first time in hours. The sea air greets him with a cooling spray, whistling past his years and soothing his hot, clammy skin. It’s mercifully quiet. There’s not so many people out here this time of evening; a few scattered loners, couples quietly enjoying the sunset together. There’s room to breathe —what novelty!— to collect his thoughts, if only for a few blissful minutes. When he closes his eyes, he can almost imagine the ship being empty and silent.
mess. He had surprisingly good taste in wine; Sherlock made a point to occasionally prod at his guilty conscience to keep the gifts flowing in.
“Try again and time it with your arms,” Sherlock urges. He has to be patient. Exude confidence. John needs it. But he feels nothing of the sort. A creeping fear is beginning to take root as he watches John struggle without proper instruction, not to mention with a broken nose that is only adding to his stress, relegated to gulping the air with his mouth in a manner that leaves him wheezing and breathless.
That look had thrilled Sherlock to his core. It had also terrified him.
believe this.”
“Pads in place.”
Hoping.
“It was in university,” he said. “I thought I was in love. Turns out, he was just using me. But for a while it made me happy, and so few things did, back then. So I did everything he asked, to keep him close, because I was terrified of letting it end.”
. John slipped his hand down further, indulging to massage his bollocks while Mrs Patterson wrote a truly pleasing number of zeros in the ‘Amount Payable’ field of the cheque.
“Oi! Don’t give my game away, you prat.” John picked a ball of scrunched-up wrapping paper from the floor and flung it at Sherlock, who caught it and threw it straight back at him.
But no, Sherlock just couldn’t leave well enough alone.
“So, that’s what you meant by special?” John teased, his fingers entwined with Sherlock’s on the seat between them. A smile tugs at the corners of Sherlock’s lips. “And that’s why it took you so long to get the chicken wings?”
Sherlock smiled, and John watched as his slender fingers picked at the buttons of his shirt, one by one, slowly revealing the pale flesh beneath. To date, John had only seen so far as his collar bones, and occasionally a leg or an arm when the detective needed a minor scrape tended to. Now he was getting the whole package; it was like Christmas.
He can certainly imagine. John understands his friends’ predicament, having heard the confession late one night after a few too many drinks. Sherlock can — and does — have orgasms, but they’re usually in the form of wet dreams, his transport's method of relieving tension while Sherlock's brain is largely offline. But his infrequent attempts at masturbation have always ended in frustration and failure.
He looks around. Where there should be a dark head of wet curls trailing along behind him, there is only empty water glistening in the pre-dawn light. Sherlock is nowhere to be seen. His heart lurches to the side.
To begin, Sherlock picked up one of John’s hands by the wrist and planted it flat against his chest: Test number one. “My heart rate, Doctor.”
, he thought giddily, before his mind went comfortably blank.
Bending down, he pressed his lips thin and placed a feather-light kiss on Sherlock’s temple, just above the blindfold at his hairline. At the contact, Sherlock’s confident smirk instantly dropped.
The gratitude shines in his smile. “Thanks. Yeah, I think I will. You’re staying up here, then?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He hums affirmatively. “I didn’t dream of working with anybody before, but it’s difficult to imagine going back to that now. Being— working alone, I mean.” He pauses, shocked for a moment that the sentiment rings truer than he’d anticipated. He covers it with a coy smile. “There’s something to be said for having a captive audience.”
But the alternative was worse; if he didn’t stand and deliver his reading, the teacher was going to fail him. John was a good student, and the only thing he feared more than the embarrassment was presenting his alcoholic parents with a bad grade.
His skin itches. He feels high.
John shrugs. “Doesn’t sound like a problem to me,” he says, grinning. The corners of Sherlock’s mouth turn up.
He gazes down the length of the ship to where a fresh source of music has just begun pulsing its catchy 80s beat through the floorboards. His lets his eyes unfocus, losing himself in the multicoloured disco lights that dance around the main stage in a mesmerising display. “We got lucky tracking him here. But once his contract ends, he can vanish back out into the world. One week, John. If this one slips past us I’ll never get it out of my head. Traffickers… These are the dragons truly worth slaying. They are the very scum of humanity.”
. Christ, the way you go on sometimes—”
“What is it? I don’t think I’ve ever heard of Kiss & Guess,” John asked, his words forming a tad slower on his tongue than usual. He was sitting back in his familiar armchair, which had been repositioned with the rest of the furniture to form an intimate circle of seats around the coffee table at the far end of the living room. Despite an encroaching sense of boredom, John was in a very good mood tonight. He was willing to try something new. “Something about… kissing someone and then guessing something about them? Sounds pretty fun.”
John was fifteen, at school attending an English lesson. The teacher called him to the front of the room to recite his essay in front of the class, and his traitorous body had chosen that exact moment to present an insistent and painfully obvious erection. The hard bulge showed clearly through the material of his school uniform trousers. What could he do? He couldn’t raise his hand and say, “Sorry Mrs Raithwait, I can’t do it. I’ve just popped a massive boner in my pants.” Not in front of a class of twenty peers, friends and enemies alike. He’d be mocked for it for the rest of his school career.
She presses her lips together and nods, her eyes wide with fear. It’s little comfort that she may have been taken to the morgue if nobody was here to stop this from happening. Mikhail could have easily taken Sherlock by surprise as well. How long would it have taken for John to realise Sherlock wasn’t just ignoring his texts? The thought chills him to the core.
more than once in a five hour period. It definitely will be weird. But if Sherlock — that is, the mind of him — won’t even be present, maybe the best is to just get it over with as quickly as possible.
beautiful.”
Sherlock trembles above him. “You’re an idiot,” he complains. “You won’t get anywhere like this. Leave me, for God’s sake.”
“I don’t think anybody saw us go over.”
Good; now, if Mikhail still wants her, he’ll have to go through John, and he’s not about to make that easy.
“Sherlock—”
“Being sick,” he warns, seconds before a frothy mix of seawater and bile gurgles up from his stomach with a wet cough.
“Take a guess,” he replied, raising an eyebrow.
“You didn’t even get hard!” John’s voice rang out loud in the street. On the opposite pavement, a lone passer-by glanced their way, giving them an odd look. Sherlock glared at her in return.
“I’ve been thinking—”
“’Course. Of course I’ll stay.”
His lip slips from between the nervous chew of his teeth. “Yes, I’m getting that idea now.”
He shuffles into the kitchen and flicks the light on, squinting at the sudden brightness. “Go on, then,” he calls over his shoulder, filling the kettle and setting it to boil. “Why us? Why do we have to do it?”
brains he’s broken in as many minutes.
Behind them, other passengers waiting to board begin to mumble complaints, and Sherlock manages to pull John aside to let them pass. He leans John against the solid wall of the deck as if to help ground him, and it helps a bit, but he can hardly hug the walls for the entire trip.
Something warm and comforting closes around his hand, calming him. He looks down at the handrail and sees only his own hand there.
, the idiot?” John wheezes. “For God’s sake, why didn’t you say something? You scared the shit out of me!” He gathers Sherlock to him, draping those limp arms loosely around his neck and allowing Sherlock’s head to rest against his shoulder. “Don’t ever do that again, you hear me? I thought I’d bloody lost you.”
Salvatore’s grin widened until he broke into a rattling, sickly laugh. His goons joined in, right on cue. “Oh, Mr Holmes! You forget your current predicament. What nets should I need to slip, now that the fisherman himself has been hooked?”
“Sufficiently relieved. Thank you.”
“Safe?
“Also,” he continued, “Not that I think you’d try it, but nothing up my arse, please.” He grimaces playfully, and John laughed, shuffling his body closer.
“This,” he says, waving a hand between them.
Mikhail gestures threateningly with the knife. “You leave now, or I make you regret it.”
John doesn't seem to hear him. His arms lock around Sherlock like a vice, hindering his ability to float, and he starts trying to climb Sherlock’s frame like a jungle gym. It takes him completely by surprise, and Sherlock finds himself forced down beneath the surface. Alarm bells ring in his head and he kicks hard with his legs, but John is an anchor. He can barely get his face above the surface for a gasp of air, and then his nose floods with another rush of chlorinated water. He pries at John’s arms, trying to force them away from their crushing grip around his neck, but John won’t let go of him.
Sherlock’s eyes roll in that typical way of his, but he relents when it becomes apparent that John won’t take ‘no’ for an answer. Reluctant sips soon become thirsty gulps as his dried-out senses are reinvigorated. Satisfied, John returns to his silent brooding.
A slim blade gleams in Mikhail’s fisted grip, but the danger barely registers. His thoughts snap back to John, on the vision of him falling. He has minutes— no, seconds to act, to save him.
Frustrated and upset by his own outburst, John’s pace picked up considerably. Sherlock, with his long legs, easily kept pace; now that John was opening up a little, he was not about to let this go easily.
“Don’t worry.”
This year, as always, their lovely landlady Mrs Hudson had cooked up a delicious holiday feast of Turkey, roast potatoes, parsnips, carrots, broccoli, stuffing, big fluffy Yorkshire puddings and a raspberry trifle for dessert. They all ate until they couldn’t stand to cram any more into their stomachs, and later, gifts were exchanged in the living room, glasses were filled in the kitchen, and John lead the group in a toast to the tumultuous year gone by.
to be him!
“Yes, well… As long as you never ask for that, we should have no problems. But everything else is good. More than good, in fact.”
“I know,” he beamed, soaking up the praise. “What would you like me to do?” he asked. “Everyone has their preferences. I must admit to having limited experience, but I have been told my mouth is my greatest asset, in all
“The frailty of genius. Yeah, I know,” John says, watching him with such fondness that he feels his cheeks reddening.
“Hm?” He glances across at her. The waitress, Mindy, sits opposite him at a table in the café where she first served him four days ago. Of the crewmembers John has spoken to, Mindy has been the most receptive to his questions. She’s also an unapologetic flirt; her advances on him have been relentless. “Oh, this? Not exactly. Puzzling is more like it. But that’s nothing unusual.”
His heart is pounding beneath his ribs and he can’t seem to stop, the excuses spilling out of him uncontrollably. When he turns back around, Sherlock is staring at him wide-eyed, mouth hanging slightly ajar.
Despite his hesitance to allow himself to be swayed, John seemed willing to allow this. “What did you have in mind?”
“Can’t you call someone?” he asks, quickly clamping his mouth shut again, his clogged nose pointed towards the sky.
Sherlock groans. “That’s the last time I rely on him for anything important.”
“I thought you were busy people-watching?” he says, almost accusatory. “Please tell me we’re here because our man’s serving cocktails at the tiki bar.”
.” Sherlock’s voice captured his attention like a magnet, impossible to resist. They gazed at each other, and as Sherlock stepped closer, invading his personal space, John felt his pulse kick up several notches in his throat.
Picking up speed.
At some point in the next several hours he must have nodded off to sleep in his chair. The next thing he knew, the morning sun was spilling in wide rectangles across the carpet of the living room, and there were sounds of movement from upstairs.
But he can't deny the way his heart expands to bursting whenever John looks at him with pure admiration in his eyes.
“Traffic light,” Sherlock replied, leaning forward to mess with the boot lid. He had something slim in his hand; its smooth edge reflected the icy blue of the phone screen as he swivelled it into the lock’s mechanism. A few quick jiggles and the lid popped open, allowing a rush of cold London air into the space and revealing a sliver of damp road beyond.
“Hm? Oh, if you want to. I was quite enjoying the game, though.”
“Good. That’s good.”
“Boring,” Sherlock rebuffed. “And I never guess, John, you know that. Next! Spin the bottle, pick someone already!”
John’s eyes flew open. “Oh! Shit, I’m sorry Sherlock,” he said, breaking into a breathless giggle as he clambered off the bed to retrieve a towel from the en-suite bathroom. Sherlock gave him a mock glare as John came and sat next to him on the bed, mopping up the mess. “I’m not normally that inconsiderate,” he mused. “I just think my mind was blown for a minute there.”
"Good," Sherlock sighed with relief. Then, closing his eyes, he brought his lips back to John's.
Sherlock’s breath is foul from his long sleep, and John doesn’t care. This is still sweeter than anything he’d dared dream. His face is wet again, fresh tears smearing against their cheeks, somehow even finding their way onto his tongue, turning their kisses tangy with salt. And John’s heart is full to bursting.
“It would be a remarkably useful means of predicting the evening’s weather if they weren’t mostly obscured by the stratus and cumulus layers. Pity, that.”
? For a moment, he genuinely wondered if he’d guessed the wrong person after all.
be getting a tan.”
Tourist season is in full swing on the tiny island, and rivers of people pour through the terminals and drift like flotsam along the horizontal conveyors, making it difficult to navigate. As they wait for their bags to arrive at the carousel, John pulls out the brochure Sherlock stuffed in his pocket earlier that morning. He reads aloud from the glossy page. “Join us on the cruise of a lifetime aboard the MV Aurora, and explore the beauty of the Mediterranean Sea. Set sail from Menorca and spend seven unforgettable nights surrounded by luxury, blah blah…” His brow creases. “Seven nights? We’re not actually going to be on it that long, are we?”
Holmes.
“Yes.”
Sherlock laid his hand reassuringly on John’s thigh, glancing over occasionally with a gleam in his eyes as John leisurely played with himself. There was something in those looks that John couldn’t quite read, and while they weren’t exactly off-putting, he couldn’t shake the feeling that Sherlock was anticipating something.
John’s reaction to the ship was stronger than expected; clearly his issues run deeper than they first appeared. It’s a worry. He’ll have to move
For the first time in his life, Sherlock found himself grasping for excuses to keep someone in his life, rather than push them away. Luckily for him, it had taken very little persuasion to have John pack up his meagre belongings, leave his dour little bedsit and move into Baker Street with him.
It’s Sherlock.
John drops them back into the bag and crosses his arms. “First of all, I never want to know how you knew what my size was.”
His hands twitch at his sides, caught between action and inaction, lost between the desire to fly past them and attempt to reach help but knowing they would block his escape that very instant.
Fortunately for the would-be victim, John is an incorrigible flirt— and there’s the first and undoubtedly only time that sad fact will ever come to his advantage. She got lucky. If he hadn’t been here, nobody would have spotted the danger before it was too late. Sherlock definitely would never have given her a second glance.
His answer was loud when he started to sink into the heat of Sherlock’s mouth, feeling those cupid-bow lips stretching wide around his girth. His hands found their own way into Sherlock’s dark curls, stroking through his hair and taking great efforts not to pull at it. He could feel Sherlock’s tongue pressing him up to slide against his palate, and when he pulled back, it flicked back and forth while his cheeks hollowed in suction.
“Well well, the great detective got something wrong! Are there pigs flying over the streets of London? Did Hell suddenly freeze over?” he mocked. John, hidden by the back of his chair, grinned victoriously into his drink. Huffing like a teenager, Sherlock blindfolded himself again.
“I mean… Christ, how do I say this without sounding…” He trailed off, unable to find the words. Sherlock waited patiently, knowing his friend all too well. He would eventually say what he wanted to. The struggle was more against saying it in the first place, than not being sure how to word it, and now that he had begun he'd boxed himself into a corner. It was only a matter of giving him time.
“Please, Sherlock. I’m serious. This is torture. I won’t last seven days of this.”
“Then that’s what we’ll do. We’ll backstroke all bloody day if that’s what it takes. You need to get to a hospital.”
John bolts out of his seat, the hairs on the back of his neck prickling with adrenaline. Had he been here the whole time, working in the kitchens? How had John never spotted him? Guilt stabs at him, cold and visceral, to think that it was only pure luck that he looked up in time. Mindy’s disappearance would never have seemed suspicious.
Of course he knew that, on some level. Maybe. He’d known of Sherlock’s self-confessed asexuality for a long time, but admittedly he was a little ignorant on the specifics of what exactly that meant. He’d always assumed that Sherlock couldn’t grow close to another person in that way, even romantically. But this very much sounded like a confession to him.
He slaps the phone into Sherlock's palm. At least some things about him are as predictable as ever. Sherlock sets to work, tilting the screen away from John’s curious gaze. It's probably wholly unnecessary, but he isn't taking any chances. After a few minutes of fiddling, the failsafe is installed and John's phone is paired with his own. Now if they ever become separated, Sherlock will be able to find him quickly.
Unfazed, John takes another step forward. He levels a cool gaze at the cocky Russian, who clearly believes intimidation will scare his shorter opponent away without a fight. He has no idea who he’s dealing with. “Good idea,” John says. “When they get here, we can tell them all about your little side business, selling people off to your trafficking buddies in Austria. Oh yeah, I know all about you. I’m sure the
John stood holding his padded coat in front of him while Sherlock rattled off the last details of his deduction to the gallery owner. Their current case had brought them all the way to America, to the heart of New York, chasing the leads of an international art smuggling operation. They’d already apprehended the perpetrators and recovered the artwork, and now the detective was wrapping up the case by explaining how it had all happened.
’ that wouldn’t leave him mortally humiliated for the rest of his life. He eventually settled on a breathless, “Surely they’re loose enough by now?”
“I’m getting a little cold,” Sherlock said at last, looking sheepish with a finger playing at his lip.
Sherlock gives him a baffled look. “Davenport, I think. ‘
Sherlock gasps, tensing beneath his touch, and John’s hands are shaking but he knows he doesn’t want to pull away. God, he knows that now. The scratchy texture of Sherlock’s stubble against his chin is an entirely new sensation to him — unabashedly masculine — and if he was worried at all that it would feel weird, he needn’t have been. John is soaring. He feels exhilarated, his pulse racing, warmth spreading through the very core of him.
“Oh for God’s sake, not this again…”
John groans. “No, I mean— Don’t you have any fancy gadgets on it or something? Any way to contact Mycroft?”
John pushes away from the rail. “God knows, I’d be useless trying to do all this. It’s bloody impressive, I’ll give you that. The world needs more of you. You’re bloody amazing, you know.”
“Here and there, poking around. I can see why you like him.”
After sending his text, John allows the careful examination of his bandaged hands. He watches silently as Sherlock turns them in his palms, the warmth and pressure of his touch seeping through the cotton. It takes him far longer than usual to finish gathering the data he requires, such that John could swear after the first few minutes they were simply holding hands for the sake of doing so. Experimentally, he smooths his thumbs along Sherlock’s bare palms. Moments later, Sherlock’s slender violinist fingers reach up to stroke back and forth over his wrists.
The transport is
After several failed escape attempts, John finally managed to separate himself from Sherlock’s insistent mouth, pulling back just an inch or two. Slowly, he slipped the scarf upward and blinked open his eyes. The first thing he saw was Sherlock’s swollen lips, parted and glistening, and had to resist a strong urge to dive right back into them again. Then he lifted his eyes and met Sherlock’s intense, worried gaze.
She stood, timid as a mouse, and awkwardly shuffled between the table and Mrs Hudson’s legs. When she was close enough to reach him, she bent forward and planted a quick kiss on the side of Greg’s head at the hairline, just above where the scarf was tied. Then in her hurry to retreat back to her seat, she almost tripped over the table leg. Mrs Hudson caught her just in time. She settled back into her seat, face flushed with embarrassment.
“Stop him!”
Even now, the padding of bare feet tails him like an incessant stalker. He probably has no idea what a thoughtless and self-serving stunt he just pulled, probably thinks this is an overreaction to something harmless. He knows just what Sherlock wants to say:
Sherlock looks at him through darkened, wide-blown pupils, and nods slightly. “Yes, I just thought you didn’t… I didn’t dare hope that you would…”
“No, you first.” John forces a smile, the knot of anxiety in his stomach tightening.
“How?” Sherlock asked after a moment, looking genuinely perplexed. “I made sure, my technique was completely unidentifiable… Wait. If you knew, then why did you…?”
“He’s still wet—”
She then reached into her handbag, producing a cheque book and pen. Sherlock glanced sideways at his friend, lifting his brows in a promising gesture. He knew this was John’s favourite part of a case:
Whatever the reason may be, Sherlock trusts and cares for him on an unprecedented level. The thought rouses a wave of butterflies in his stomach that has nothing to do with his seasickness.
The fixation began in his teen years, during that ungraceful transition from boyhood to manhood when surging levels of testosterone in John’s body shot up his height by three inches in six months, and dropped his tenor voice by a full octave. And, like most boys his age, there would be occasions when his body would rebel at the most embarrassing of times. Unable to control itself amidst the flood of new hormones, random, spontaneous erections were a constant threat— and a reminder to always wear loosely-fitting underwear.
. They put on a blindfold, then their hands are tied—”
Confusion clouds Sherlock's eyes for a second, but he blinks it away. Flustered, John turns his attentions back to the wet floor. He’d rather not guess what deductions are racing through Sherlock's mind right now. That was clearly a panic attack, but he hasn't had one like that in years.
He’s completely alone.
bothering him? His body had responded as any normal human male would. Surely John knew that, so why was he suddenly behaving as if he’d crossed some uncrossable line, or revealed too much about himself?
Beside him, Sherlock was perched on his leather chair, knees drawn up, socked toes gripping the edge of the cushion. He looked like an owl.
“Sherlock.” John swallows, his pulse hammering in his throat. “Let go, please.”
The bottle was spun again, and this time it came to a rest facing John. Silently cursing his luck, John pushed to his feet and approached Greg, mindful to quiet his breathing and not rustle his clothes, lest something give him away. God, this game was weird. If someone had told him he’d be giving one of Scotland Yard’s finest male Detective Inspectors a kiss tonight, he’d ask them for a glass of whatever they’ve been drinking. Nevertheless, the thought did give him a clever idea.
Perhaps it would be cruel to leave such a curious mind totally without context. John decides to humour him. “I, ah, knew the guy running the papers. He owed me a favour and passed me, no questions asked.”
“Not my hands, no. Did get a broken nose, but I’ve had it set.” John tilts his face this way and that. “Not too noticeable, is it?”
"Ah, there it is." A particular page has caught Sherlock’s interest. Those sharp, silver eyes flick up, gleaming with mischief. There is no mistaking that look: The ship has a swimming pool.
Again, contrary to expectation, his words only seemed to darken John’s mood.
“Inconclusive,” John said, removing his hand. He wasn’t going to make this easy, clearly. But Sherlock could hear the intrigue behind his scepticism, and so he moved on to the next test.
“Aren’t I the lucky one?” he winked at them. They laughed, and Sherlock mirrored the gesture with such skillful acting that John had to seriously question whether or not it was real. After wishing them an awesome day, the group rejoined the march, leaving John and Sherlock to their own company, and John to his bemusement.
anything?” he asked finally. “There doesn’t seem to be any textbook definition that fits our particular relationship. And yes, I’ve searched.” Then hesitantly, he reached over and took John’s hand in his, squeezing it gently. “But does that matter? You’re… important to me, John. Maybe more than you quite realise. I would do anything for you. Whatever that means, is what we are.”
Sherlock tangles their fingers together. "Angelo's," he says, his eyes sparkling. "Ask me again there."
They seem caught in the moment. Some unspoken question hovers at Sherlock’s lips, and suddenly John can’t look away from that, either. Finally Sherlock’s gaze breaks away. Laying his head back down, he releases a quiet sigh. “John, what would you do… for someone you cared about more than yourself? Wouldn’t you die for them?”
“Please, Sherlock…”
Last to arrive, looking slightly haggard and apologising profusely for the delay, was Greg Lestrade. It was a sad fact of life that this time of year was typically one of the busiest at Scotland Yard. Thefts, murders and rapes all saw a sharp increase during the festive season, and it was difficult to drag a dedicated Detective Inspector away from his work. But he needed this, a short break from the constant pressure and stresses, the harsh realities of life that a man in his line of work was forced to acknowledge every day. He hadn’t missed a 221B Christmas party yet, and he wasn’t about to break his streak. Still, Sherlock told him off for being late.
“Not here,” he said with an enigmatic smile. “Later. I want it to be special. Not in some four star hotel room.”
He doesn’t know where. Can’t open his eyes.
John was different.
His diaphragm spasms, and unable to hold it back any longer, Sherlock doubles over in his seat, coughing heavily into the crook of his arm. His laptop slides to the floor with a clatter. His chest squeezes over and over, even as his throat resists, already dry and wrecked from two days of non-stop hacking.
“It’s elevated,” John said, considering the evidence as he splayed his fingers over the shirt, over Sherlock’s fluttering heart. “Could be fear. Anxiety.”
He took a moment to simply enjoy the sight of the man beneath him. In a strange way, he thought, they’re a perfect match. In John’s mind, Sherlock is a man who derives no physical pleasure at all from seeing John hard, or watching him orgasm. It's merely a strange novelty. In that regard, the detached nature of his observation is akin to that of the strangers who see him in the street.
He disappeared through the frosted glass door to the bathroom, emerging a minute later with a damp flannel. He cleaned John with such careful attention, making sure to get every last bit, and looked no less pleased to be doing this than he did at any other point during their lovemaking.
Sherlock adores him.
Perhaps it was the food. To John’s amazement, Sherlock had helped him clear the entire box of wings. That was more than he’d seen Sherlock eat in an entire week, sometimes. John was about to fold up the box and put it under his seat when Sherlock stopped him.
“Permission can be revoked at any time, you know,” he warned. “I wouldn’t push your luck if I were you. Not if you want this to continue.” He gestured below with a nod.
John’s blue eyes shine with trust and confidence. “Shall we do it together, then?” He reaches out and takes Sherlock’s hand, his thumb smoothing along the backs of his fingers, warm and loving.
“Come lay down,” John said, patting the bed, and Sherlock did so. John lay next to him, resting a hand on Sherlock’s chest. There were so many ways forward from this point, he almost didn’t know what to do or say next. But he thought it might be prudent to triple-check exactly what Sherlock felt comfortable with. “You said that it’s okay for me to touch you, but… Do you have any rules about that? Any boundaries I shouldn’t cross?”
. Everywhere, inside his mind and out of it. Every thrust dragging him ever closer, closer,
“Well? Are you going to do it, so I can get this over with and win?” he said, hoping nobody noticed the sudden huskiness that had somehow crept into his voice. He was keenly aware of exactly whose eyes were mere inches away from his face, observing every movement, every twitch of his muscles. And he was no idiot; Sherlock had set this up deliberately, he must have. Perhaps even from the moment he’d declared he wanted to play the game at all. John knew it. Probably everyone in the room knew it.
“I’m about done with these. Sure you don’t want any?”
“What about you?” he asks, glancing aside. “You still looking for…?”
“Any luck?” John asks after a few minutes of quiet reflection.
“Nevermind.”
Trying to get into the man’s pants after only a day of knowing him? God, he must have seemed a right prat.
Of mutilated corpses.
This was a stupid idea from the start. He should never have come along. What was he thinking? Him, spending an entire fortnight on a cruise ship, miles from dry land? How did he ever think he could cope like this, let alone be of any use on the case? No wonder Sherlock is being even
. Sherlock's lips curled into an impish smile as he gripped the bottle and flicked his wrist. The bottle spun a few times before coming to a stop.
“Sure,” John croaked, the hint of a sad smile in his voice, as if he fully expected this to be their final conversation. A lump formed in Sherlock’s throat. He had to get this right. Losing John was not an option.
“I have a feeling I’ve slept way past my usual quota,” Sherlock comments, turning his head to squint at the monitors by his bed. Wit, curiosity; little by little, his personality is already making itself known.
Sherlock saw the full, blinding truth at last. John was in love with him; had been, perhaps, ever since that first case. He had managed to put that part of himself aside all this time, because there had always been that unspoken boundary between them, keeping them separate, keeping them platonic.
Interrupting his thoughts, a voice crackles over the ship’s Tannoy system to announce their imminent departure, and Sherlock looks to him expectantly. “Well?”
She reaches into her pocket and pulls out a plastic card, sliding it across the table. “My room key,” she explains, dark eyelashes winking at him. “I have a few errands to run first, but I’ll be up in an hour or two. I’ll even sneak some bubbly out of the kitchens for us. One night, Johnny. I promise you’ll enjoy yourself.”
John’s blood runs cold. That’s him.
"Right. Going to be one of
“That I ended up in that state, while you… I mean. You didn’t even.”
Steeling his nerves, John steps boldly out of the shadows. “Petrov. Put it down, and step away from her. Now.”
Sherlock’s fingers gripped his hips like a vice, keeping them steady, something he was glad for; the urge to thrust up into him was beyond his ability to control. “I’m close,” he warned, barely able to form the sounds between dragging heaving lungfuls of air. His balls drew up tight and he felt himself thickening, wedged deep inside Sherlock’s long throat. “If you —
John can’t take it any more. If he listens to much more of this he’s going to start believing it himself, and that’s just not in his nature. Not as a man, and not as a trained, battle-hardened medic. Sherlock may have given up already, but this isn’t over until the last breath leaves his lungs.
stars.”
Taking the noise as a positive sign, he presses his tongue harder over his slit, swiping a long, breathy lick over the top like it's a scoop of ice-cream, and Sherlock's stomach and thighs clench in response.
It was thanks to Sherlock’s encyclopedic knowledge of London that their pursuers quickly lost sight of them through the labyrinth of back-alleys and side streets. With one last check to make sure they weren’t still being followed, they slowed to a brisk stroll as they headed back in the direction of Baker Street.
“Clear!”
Mikhail bursts into laughter, a guttural roar of noise that makes Mindy flinch and drop her cigarette. “You talk rubbish! Get out of here,
And so that was how it all started. Sherlock had always said that he felt a soft spot for people who were different, like him. But never would John have imagined he’d go to such lengths to make him feel comfortable in public. It probably wasn’t the
“Whatever it is, I won’t hate you for it. I promise you that.”
Now, if this was still just about the game, then this was when he should have straightened and headed back to his seat, and maybe John would guess him, maybe he wouldn’t. It didn’t seem all that important anymore. But Sherlock couldn’t help himself. Leaning on John’s chair for support, he repeated the motion, took John’s mouth in another kiss, and this time it was unmoderated and uncontrolled. This time, it was more like he was… exploring, discovering something vital. About John, about himself. About them, the both of them, something he’d always suspected lied buried just beneath the surface but which he’d never been able to touch before. Didn’t know how. And now, with one physical point of contact, it was like a circuit being completed, old disused bulbs burning back to life in the dark corners of his mind, places that he hadn’t dared revisit in so many, many years. Emotions he’d all but forgotten even existed. Yet there they were, like relics from another life hurtling forward into the present, becoming relevant again.
, he thinks. It shouldn’t be dark again, not in the space of seconds. He must have fallen asleep, and now he’s drowning and he can’t even open his eyes. But then he feels it— a deep, pulsing pressure from above, thrumming through the water, pounding at his ears. Is he… still awake? Rising adrenaline lends him the strength to struggle back to the surface. Between the waves that lap over his eyes and obscure his fading vision, he glimpses a massive object hovering above them. His heart leaps into his throat.
of situations.”
“John, would you just listen—”
Kissing him, Sherlock discovered, was something altogether more than simple physical contact. It was like tasting the very
“S-Sorry,” John stammered. “Fuck. I’m sorry.”
“I don’t,” John replied, as if suddenly remembering, and pushed his plate away.
He deletes the snarky message he was typing, sending instead:
“That much I had worked out, but I still didn’t realise the full extent of it. Not until you became ill at the gangway and wanted to escape the second you stepped off the dock. I concluded that this was a serious issue that couldn’t be ignored until later. It needed to be addressed as soon as possible, both for the sake of your wellbeing and the success of the mission.”
Sherlock huffs. “Yes, thank you ever so much for the rescue, dear brother, the likes of which never would have been necessary in the first place had your brain-dead software developers had the common sense to program their apps to be
“I’m going to stay at Harry’s for a while.” He sounded weary, as if he hadn’t slept much, or at all.
John very nearly pouted at being denied, but instead wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist and rested his head against the warmth of his chest. Sherlock held him close, nuzzling John’s hair and breathing him in. They sat that way, embraced and holding each other close, until it was time for them to leave.
“What happened, then, when the ship docked?” Sherlock asks, sounding relaxed and sleepy. That’s more like it, John thinks, but it’s probably best they wait and discuss this later.
“Drink,” John urges, carding his fingers through Sherlock’s sweat-damp curls. When his aching lungs finally allow it, Sherlock takes an unsteady sip from the glass, gasping at the relief of the liquid parching his roughened throat.
His voice catches on a sharp cry that sends a bolt of fear through John’s heart. His body curls on itself, forcing John to stop swimming and tighten his arms around Sherlock’s body, holding him close. Sherlock turns himself around and burrows his face into the crook of John’s neck, stifling another moan. “Please,” he begs. His tense, shortened breaths brush at John’s collarbone. “You don’t want… to watch this… happen.”
It was nearing midnight when they exited the chip shop, and the night chill had properly set in by then. Fortunately, home was just a few minutes walk.
John lets the air rush out of his lungs.
“We’re late,” he says. “I think we missed the muster drill.”
And when John licked his lips, tasting the residue of himself he’d left behind, his breath hitched. Sherlock’s name seemed to catch in his throat. And Sherlock’s brain short-circuited. His heart skipped a beat. The bottom of his stomach dropped out, and it felt like he was falling out of a plane. And then John was kissing him back, softly but eager, as hungry for this as Sherlock himself was. This wasn’t a game anymore, for either of them.
Sherlock looked at him as if he’d suddenly begun speaking German. “Whatever for?”
John chewed his lip anxiously, his eyes darting between them and Sherlock, who still appeared to be ignoring everything in favour of studying a piece of abstract art on the wall. But it was just for show. Sherlock knew full well just how much this turned John on, this feeling of free-falling without a safety net, and he exploited it beautifully at times like this. The room was so quiet he could hear a pin drop, and the wet sounds of his slick erection pumping through his fist was loud and obvious to John, even if nobody else seemed to hear it.
His answer is as expected. “Neither!”
As his feet squelch through the corridors, a single, sick thought churns in John’s mind: Regret.
The flesh is dark pink, its bulbous head already glistening with pre-cum. Well, it's good to see that he's responding to some degree. With a glance to make extra sure Sherlock is still under, John wraps his hand back around it and resumes pumping. The sight of it squeezing through his fist is surprisingly hot, even if this is supposed to be a strictly medical procedure. John is achingly hard already.
“Then, would… you let me see you naked, too?”
Sherlock’s fingers took hold of him through his jeans, stroking slowly. John could do nothing but sigh and drape his arms over Sherlock’s shoulders, powerless under his ministrations. Sherlock bent low to nuzzle at John’s neck again, finding that sweet spot just beneath his ear that made him shudder and clutch fistfuls Sherlock’s shirt.
“Lucky me, then,” said John, drawing out a more genuine smile from Sherlock’s angular face, one that made his eyes shine from beneath his dark lashes.
“Why?” Sherlock paused over him, their chests constricting with every laboured breath. The air had turned humid, a little stifling. John could feel the sweat beading on his forehead.
“Don’t say it,” he bites back, an irrational tingle of fear making his heart speed up. John’s eyes lose some of their drink-soaked warmth.
John had a tendency to challenge his expectations, but this conclusion was beyond the pale. Sherlock couldn’t accept it. He needed more data.
He can just see Sherlock’s bare legs dangling off the foot of the bed, his youthful face at the other end pouting at the unfairness of it all like a stroppy teenager. John giggles to himself, playing with the fantasy for a while as the tension in his nerves gradually uncoils. Maybe he should let himself snooze for a few blissful hours, let his body acclimatize to the rolling waves while he sleeps. All the better for him and their mission if it does. According to the ship's itinerary, they won’t be arriving at their first destination, Cagliari, until midnight.
“’Course,” John says. “But I don’t want to be. And I don’t ever want to feel as helpless as I did in the water that day. I want to conquer it. What you did at the pool— Well, I won’t say it helped at the time, but it did force me to recognise the problem. Ella’s always saying I should find ways to turn my weaknesses into strengths; this seems like a perfect way to do just that.”
John matched him as he undressed, article for article. When nothing but his pants remained, Sherlock hooked his thumbs under the waistband, preparing to pull down. John thought he saw a moment of hesitation there. Their eyes met, and he couldn’t be sure if he caught a hint of self-consciousness in that expression, briefly, before it was hidden behind a mask of confidence.
“Can I… touch you? Not in that way, just…”
Though, it did feel a bit strange being the only person in the room with a raging erection, now standing rigid and blushing in the open. Sherlock was eyeing it with obvious interest.
“Yes,” he said. “Please. Anywhere. Everywhere.” He smiled at the look of gratitude that must have stole across John’s features. “Just remember what I said before, about the discomfort. You may touch, hold, feel any part of me you like. I only ask that you don’t aim to stimulate. Is that alright with you?”
Sherlock feels his eyes widen in disbelief. “Where the hell do you think we are?” he asks. “For one, do you imagine the reception is particularly good out here? On a T-Mobile network?”
he wants to ask, but he can’t help his curiosity. The hand over his is firm, but its texture is oddly rough. It isn’t skin that he feels, but something closer to cloth, or gauze. Scratchy, like whatever is wrapped tightly around his stomach, constricting his muscles. But the shape of this hand over his is familiar somehow, as if he’s observed it from afar so many times that he could recognise it locked in an iron box if it were to rattle a certain way.
Typical. The day he manages to take John somewhere without him ending up on a date will be the day Scotland Yard grows a usable brain between them. John says something inaudible and the waitress touches his arm and throws her head back in laughter. It’s an invitation that not even Sherlock, with his admitted lack of social awareness, could miss; and, right on cue, John’s eyes flick down to admire her ample chest. The appreciative gleam in his eyes tells Sherlock everything he needs to know about where John’s mind is.
I wrote this to get over a bad bout of writer's block. Have never enjoyed myself more. Thanks for reading!
“Go on ahead. I’ll grab us something to eat.” And with that, he turned and trotted back up the stairs, soon disappearing into the throng of people pouring in.
Molly Hooper was first to arrive this year, having made entirely too much of an effort to dress up for the occasion. She gave Sherlock an awkward kiss on the cheek when he greeted her at the door, to which he tactfully held his ground and smiled, despite the quiet internal panic her misguided advances always triggered. He sincerely hoped she wouldn’t be getting too drunk tonight.
John stared into his beautiful, nebulous eyes, and the answer that came to him — the one closest to the truth of what he was feeling at that exact moment — was to a slightly different question. Hugging him closer, he replied anyway: “I’ll
“They didn’t exactly give me an opportunity. Kick your legs, John.”
“Well…” He can think of a whole host of questions Sherlock might’ve had if—
“M’fine…” he murmurs, too stubborn to willingly admit that his transport could have this much control over him, to dictate that his mood should be so awful, his energy so drained. Sherlock very rarely gets sick, but when he does, it knocks him completely on his arse. He was right in the middle of a case, the most interesting one he’d had in weeks, and now he can’t even focus his mind on it for more than a few minutes.
But it can be a worry. Sherlock is prone to ignoring the basic needs of his own body. He's not
“God, yes,” John breathed. “Thank you. I’ll be careful, I promise.”
Sherlock's soft tongue playfully caressed him as John's own more urgently licked and explored the warmth of Sherlock's mouth. John was panting into Sherlock’s steadier, but equally needful breaths, both of them smelling and tasting like barbecue chicken. At any other time that would probably have been gross, but right now he didn’t care, because at the same time his hand was wildly pumping his cock, and he dimly realised
“Oh, good,” Sherlock says without a hint of sincerity, “I was wondering when I would be getting a visit from the Queen.”
It’s sweet of him, John muses. Which is a rare descriptor for a man who typically hates being touched. God only knows how silly he must feel, having someone hanging off his arm like a drunken opossum. But if it’s bothering him, he doesn’t show it. In fact, his attention is fixed with the same determination and seriousness as with any other task he sets his mind to. Against all logic, getting John Watson up to his room is being treated with the same solemn importance as examining a fresh crime scene.
Without pause, Sherlock followed, and John leaned back on his elbows to let his gaze roam lower, licking his lips appreciatively. Between the lightly furred thighs, Sherlock’s genitals hung in repose, clean and neatly groomed. He was uncircumcised, the head of his penis hidden within the folded silk of his unblemished foreskin.
“Um, Sherlock…” he began. Sherlock, still moving, didn’t reply. His whole weight was on top of John as he rhythmically worked his limbs against the ropes. He shifted them up and down, up and down, flexing and relaxing his muscles. His breath started coming in shallow pants that made John’s skin raise in goosebumps. Worse still, the motion was causing their hips to rub together in a way that simply couldn’t be ignored.
“Show me,” John says. When Sherlock moves to demonstrate, John pulls him back by the arm. “I meant your injury. Show me where.”
He’s standing on the MV Aurora cruise ship, wearing his heavy Belstaff, soaked through with seawater. Above him, a series of old, battered lifeboats sway precariously on their rusted hooks. He’s scrabbling at the handrail, trying to throw himself over it, but his feet are bolted to the deck and his voice won’t make a sound. John is in the water, glowing bright as a firefly in a jar. A burly voice with a thick Russian accent whispers in his ear, “You’re too late. He’s dead already,
Sherlock rose slowly from his seat and approached him. Then, leaning down, he spoke in a tone several shades lower than John had ever heard. “Yes, actually.” John daren’t move an inch as Sherlock’s slender fingers came up and found his lip, pressing it gently.
Sherlock’s eyes roll. “You weren’t in any danger. I knew what I was doing.”
He’d surprised even himself with his forwardness, but poor Sherlock had looked downright panicked by the advance. It was so sudden, so unexpected, that Sherlock had been forced to let him down in no uncertain terms.
It was impossible from that brief touch and no visual inspection to get a proper impression of how deep the cut is. Sherlock assured him it was superficial, and he can only hope to God that he wasn’t just trying to spare John the worry. As soon as the light comes up, he should take a closer look at it; all this movement could be aggravating a more serious internal injury.
“…All that remained was the act itself, and that was the easy part. Having looped the security footage, the thief then observed and followed the flow of traffic around the room, carefully choosing his moment to slide the painting out of its frame and roll it into a tube hidden within his coat. He did this entirely undetected, despite there being no less than twelve other people in the room at the time. Daylight robbery; you’d be surprised just how much you can get away with in public without anybody noticing.”
— makes a choked, happy sound.
Heat rushes to his face. He grabs a towel from the counter and crouches to wipe up the mess before it can trickle underneath the oven. A curse slips out under his breath. “Dunno how that happened,” he says, huffing an embarrassed laugh. “Just sort of slipped—”
“I’m not talking about anyone else, I’m talking about you and me.” The words slip out of their own accord, surprising even himself. “Sherlock, don’t you realise you’re my whole bloody world?”
He takes a moment of pure indulgence to bask in its glow. As much as he loves the city, it can so easily drown him in too much sensory input. He can try to hide away inside Baker Street, but the city presses in, seeps through the cracks in the walls and filters in through the windows, an all-pervading vitality, a pulse of life that can never fully be ignored. Out here the world sleeps, and the nights fall into absolute tranquillity, calming in ways London never is.
Sherlock also took a moment to observe them. Then, taking John’s arm, he guided them both over to a spot by the south wall, in between the twin entrances on either side of the room.
After wiping his hand as best he could inside his boxers and zipping himself back up, he indicated that he was ready, and Sherlock stepped back from him, drawing his coat closed. The loss of his body heat made John shiver slightly in the breezy air.
of them to glance over their shoulder, and soon the whole room would become witness. And even if they did, not even that would stop him. His brain was locked on target, unshakable. He almost
Half a cup of drab hospital coffee sits like oil in his stomach, heavy and sour on the back of his tongue. His feet ache. He’s been standing for ages, but he doesn’t want to sit down. Too many hours sat in plastic chairs over the past three days. Waiting.
His fingers smooth along each other over their coarse wrappings. Second degree electrical burns on both hands, but it was worth it— he brought Sherlock back from the brink when everybody else had given up on him. Now the only question that remains is whether or not it was too late. Whether he’ll still be himself, if he even wakes up at all.
“I notice it.” The corners of his lips tug upward, marking John’s disappointed expression. “But it’s my job to notice such details. Not to worry, it hasn’t marred your good looks.”
John took one of his hands and lifted it to his chest, and the hint was gratefully received as Sherlock’s fingers began tracing across his skin, travelling up along the line of his breastbone, slipping along the curve of his collar bone, and back down towards his chest. They circled around a nipple before pinching it slightly, causing John’s breath to hitch, and John could see from the look in Sherlock’s eyes that he was cataloguing all of this, mapping John’s responses like a frontiersman discovering a new world.
It’s difficult for him to put it into words, but when he’s touching himself in public, he’s getting off as if nobody else in the world knows what this feels like— as if he’s the only person on the planet who can feel this way. They see him, just as Sherlock sees him now: flushed, breathless, losing control over his own reason, his mind overtaken by crude images of sex and dripping cum and voratious fucking. But to them it’s like none of that is pleasurable. When they look at him, they see something not quite right in the way he moves. The way he’s breathing. His dark, half-lidded eyes unfocused, lost in a haze of arousal. His entire world shrunken down to that one imperative need that becomes his only desire, the only goal left in front of him. And yet it would only alarm them; they’d be repulsed, disgusted by it.
Obliviously, Greg shrugged. “That’s alright, Molly. You can sit out too, if you’d be uncomfortable.”
he woke up. About the case, about Mikhail and his hitherto unknown wife,
“But I have to…”
He arrives a second too late. Sherlock barrels through the bulkhead door just in time to see a struggling figure be tipped over the metal rail by a pair of assailants. In disbelief, he slams himself chest-first into the rail, reaching over and grasping at the air as John disappears through the briny mist. His breath punches out of his lungs.
Sherlock isn’t listening to the words so much as the slurred way in which they’re being spoken. He catches a whiff of gin-soaked breath in the air and draws a troubling conclusion.
“Great. This is not exactly what I pictured myself doing tonight,” John mutters to himself.
Sherlock grins. All pretence falls by the wayside as John’s hands pry at his grip and his feet shuffle along the wet-slick floor. Sherlock takes another long step back. “We’re going into the pool. Your only choice is this: Trunks, or clothes. You have five seconds to decide, or I will make the decision for you.”
Really, re should've known better than to think that would be the end of it.
Nothing. He orients himself upright in the water, blinking open his eyes where the lashes have dried and matted together. It takes him a moment to get used to treading water like this again after so many hours on his back, but he manages to keep his mouth and nose above the waterline. The horizon has an umber glow that warms the edges of his view, promising a sunrise that should chase the cold from his shivering limbs and grant him some much needed visibility.
Behind him, John’s voice climbs to cover the distance the brief swim put between them. “Sherlock? You alright?”
“You English, all so stupid.” His laughter comes like a rumble of approaching thunder. “At least nosey friend tried to be sneaky. Put up a good fight. You just run out and not even care about man with knife at your back.”
Whatever Sherlock had imagined his reaction might be,
“Look at my eyes, John,” he said, cupping John’s face in his hands. “What do you see?”
“You do realise they sell those.”
“Nevermind,” Sherlock parrots, earning him a sharp poke in the ribs, although John probably deserved that one. He’s more impressed that Sherlock even knows what a ‘muster drill’ is, given that he barely understands how Oyster cards work.
“It is of great use to the sailor to know the length of his line, though he cannot with it fathom all the depths of the ocean.” —
“Sherlock!?”
He freezes. “Boyfriend?”
After a moment to steel himself, he got up and tip-toed as quietly as possible over to Sherlock, who straightened reflexively when he sensed the man approaching. He hesitated for a moment, thoughtfully scratching his chin. Of the group, he had probably the bushiest beard, which could end up being a dead giveaway. But would Sherlock be able to tell? Surely his own stubble would mask some of it? Best be safe, though. Crouching down in front of him, Anderson angled his face in a way that would allow him to give Sherlock a kiss on the chin while preventing most of his own facial hair coming into contact. He also stole John’s idea of holding his breath, keeping his drink of choice secret from the detective’s sensitive nose. It was foolproof; there was no way he could tell who it was.
"I found that I enjoyed those acts with someone I truly cared about, even if I didn’t receive physical pleasure from it. But I could never be someone’s casual boyfriend. It’s all or nothing, with me.”
Sherlock leans back in his chair, pressing his hands together in satisfaction. That’s one less worry to be dealing with. John will be fine. He’ll forget to be angry soon enough, and with any luck he might even start having fun. For all that they bicker over the small things, John must be aware that he is an object of Sherlock’s quiet obsession. It would be difficult to miss. The way he can't help but stare at John in the hallway after a long, heart-pounding chase through London, just glad that he's there, giggling and breathless and enjoying himself every bit as Sherlock is. How he can't resist any opportunity to stand close to him, or touch the exposed skin of his wrists, or his fingers as John hands him a freshly brewed cup of tea. Just to sample the texture, of course. Catalog the temperatures of various parts of a living body that isn't his own. There are purely clinical, scientific justifications to everything he does and somehow continues to get away with.
“Well actually, I usually try to think of something more—”
John would argue that he should keep it below merely ‘manageable’, if he wasn’t privy to Sherlock’s sketchy history with drugs. He can’t fault him for being cautious. But it says a hell of a lot about his character that he wouldn’t use the opportunity as an excuse to chase that old, nostalgic high. Though Sherlock’s commendable willpower makes John exceedingly proud, he decides not to comment on it. He continues his diagnostics, using a toothpick pressed against the sole of Sherlock’s feet, which twitch away at the unpleasant sensation.
“I won’t,” he promises, prying at John’s limbs to loosen them, “but I can’t keep us both up. You need to help me.”
“I’d die for
A heavy boot smeared a muddy print on the back of John’s shirt as the brute jerked the rope back. The coils tightened at once, his and Sherlock’s bodies squeezing even closer and forcing a rough grunt out of John’s lungs.
John gasped into him, any semblance of control fast slipping away. Sherlock licked around the heat of John’s tongue and tasted the unspoken words he’d stalled, smoothing them away and writing his own in their place.
Sherlock lies flat on his back on the sofa, the same position he's been in for the past hour. “It was your idea to drag us along to that god-awful function,” he snipes. “Do you have
“Just a bit,” John replies, smiling. He pulls out his phone, a temporary replacement in lieu of the one he’d lost on the Aurora. Mycroft will want to know his brother is awake. Sherlock watches him peck laboriously at the screen for several minutes while he sends his text.
He sees it now, and her spontaneity and dogged pursuit of him loses its alluring shine. He can’t help but compare it to the way Sherlock does the same thing. Not for sex, but as a means to invite him along on his cases. Sherlock has a manipulative streak a mile wide, and John has seen his acting skills first hand. He does it to everyone, and John is no exception. He knows just which of John’s buttons to press every time. The difference is that Sherlock hardly needs to do it; John willingly follows him anyway.
“—in VF, get those clothes off him, now!”
“On you go, then.”
It’s the wrongness of it, probably. The taboo. For John, masturbating in front of hapless onlookers was exciting because from their perspective, it was unwanted. It was gross. It was wrong. And that made him feel
“Well either you’re all cheating or it must have been John, because I can spot a liar at greater distances than this, and his is the only expression I can’t see from here.”
Waiting for them on the back seat is a pair of brand new phones, replacements for the ones they lost on the Aurora. John supposes it’s Mycroft’s way of apologising, though Sherlock just rolls his eyes and suggests tossing them out the window. It’s been his favourite suggestion for any and all Mycroft-related issues since John’s surprising action in the hospital.
Molly blushed at having been excluded from the list of John’s undesirables. Nobody mentioned how Sherlock was also excluded, but Anderson wiggled his eyebrows at Mrs Hudson, who caught his meaning and couldn’t hide her coy smile. Sherlock noticed the secret exchange, of course. He noticed everything. But he didn’t understand it, so settled on narrowing his eyes at them in suspicion.
“Fine,” he forces out. His hand seeks the wound at his side, and finds it: A slim, neat puncture, perfectly in line with his kidney. The area burns where the salt water is seeping inside. More worryingly however, is how warm the surrounding waters feel to his sea-chilled fingers. Judging by the spread of it he must be losing a significant amount of blood.
Mycroft forces a smile. “Not to worry. We have it waiting for him when he is ready.”
“Show me, John,” he whispered. “Don’t hold back. Let me be everything you need. All I want or need in return is
John throws up his hands in exasperation. “I don’t believe this. No, wait, I’m talking to the Holmes siblings; I
He picks up the pace, taking a firmer grip and pumping it through his fist. He can feel the flesh growing hotter, blood pulsing through its veins. But after ten minutes of this, he's starting to think a more direct tactic is required if he's ever going to bring Sherlock's catatonic body to orgasm; he's going to have to make proper skin-to-skin contact.
“Your hands,” he prompts, his eyes flicking down. “I want to know what happened.”
The stink of chlorine lingers around long after he washes himself off and changes into a dry set of clothes. It’s making him feel sick again. Or maybe that’s just the humiliation. He curses to himself, that old familiar anxiety crawling its way back up his spine. The tiny room no longer feels so welcoming; the illusion of security is shattered.
Hazy-eyed and flushed, lips swollen and red, John gazed at him, his eyes flicking back and forth between Sherlock’s own. “They look…” His lip trembled and his eyes began to gleam with fresh tears. “They’re beautiful.”
“A lot more than your wrists will end up dead if we don’t get out of here, John.” He strained his arms outward, tested the limits of the rope again. “I think it’s working, but it needs more. Look, just hold still, alright? I’ll try to make this quick.”
His muscles have nothing else to give. John might as well be a lump of marble that was carved out of some hillside and dumped into the sea, staying afloat through sheer power of will. God only knows how his legs are still moving. Forward momentum has become impossible now; he can only float near the surface, shaded beneath Sherlock’s motionless body, suppressing his drowning reflex as best he can when it’s not enough to keep his face above the waves.
“I may have zoned out for a bit,” he admits, earning him a wan look. Sherlock strides into the living room, his keen green-gold eyes flicking about in search of something.
“We generally don’t have a choice, sweetheart.”
Sherlock looks aghast. “I will absolutely
Sherlock pulls out his phone and peers at the screen, frowning briefly before stuffing it back into his pocket. He spins around, bringing his gloved hands together with an exuberant clap. “Pack a suitcase, John,” he announces, “we’re going to Menorca.”
In university, his classmates made sure to include him only up to a point where they could copy his notes and borrow his brain for their assignments. He was more human calculator than social equal. But he allowed it, because as shallow and self-serving as it was, some sad part of him had always thrived on the praise of others. Even now, the Yarders kept on tenuously amiable terms with him, only because they had too many murders to solve and not enough braincells between them to accomplish it.
John meets his eyes in the glass. “You wouldn’t?”
“No, Sherlock—” John grabs his arm. “God, no, don't be silly. It’s not that. I'm not tired of you.” Sherlock waits. John’s hand falls away. “It’s just, you know. On a cruise. It’s not like you actually get to enjoy the island itself, do you? You spend the whole time out… out there.”
John rubs his eyes. That explains a lot. “There’s a lot more nuance to exposure therapy than simply dumping the person in a tank of their worst fears, you know.”
“I ‘spose it just seems a bit… unfair,” John continued, apropos of nothing. Sherlock watched him from the corner of his eye.
If he’d hoped for that to abate over time, he sorely underestimated how fascinated Sherlock seems to be about all things
John grits his teeth and peeks his head through the door, feeling all too conspicuous. If someone spots him now, he’ll get kicked out by security and lose the trail. He can’t let that happen. He glances both ways before his eyes alight on Mindy and the bald man twenty metres ahead of him.
As Sherlock began shifting again, John tried to think of anything other than the myriad fantasies he’d had over the years about the man currently writhing like a lover on top of him.
“You think I would have left?”
Downstairs, the rest of the group raised their glasses in an impromptu toast.
If there’s one thing she could never be accused of, Sherlock had muttered to John as the drug was taking its course, it’s having an original idea.
John’s face pales. His arms around Sherlock’s neck tighten almost to the point of choking him— so much for keeping him calm. “Don’t let me go,” he begs. “I swear to God. Promise you won’t let go, Sherlock.”
“I think I want to start taking swimming lessons.”
John huffed a laugh, his cheeks burning with embarrassment. “Blimey. Your eyesight’s better than mine if you saw that all the way over there.”
Their arms wrapped around each other, a quiet desperation pulling them closer. Sherlock managed to steer John away from the suitcase at their feet and pressed him back against the wall, crowding flush against his body. John’s erection was full and solid against Sherlock’s thigh; he deliberately moved his leg to tease along it.
It takes him a few seconds to realise it’s his phone, but the sound is one he’s never heard before. It repeats itself, a quiet tinkling of bells, and it’s a discordant harmony in the midst of this violent, life-or-death struggle, enough to tickle a disbelieving laugh from his heaving lungs. Life’s too fucking strange, sometimes.
enjoying this. Sherlock's face is a picture of unbridled pleasure, his brows drawn tight, the crease between them deepening with each of John's thrusts. His mouth is slack and fallen open, and his wordless moans are coming louder than John has ever heard from any of his lovers. Perhaps, without his conscious mind there to moderate his volume, Sherlock’s body is currently free to produce noise at a level that's a perfectly honest reflection of the pleasure it's feeling- which must be pretty bloody good, given how it's echoing unashamedly throughout the room.
Annoyingly, he’s not wrong.
The first occasion had been during a pride march in central London that the pair were attending as part of an investigation. By the time they’d arrived on the scene, their target had vanished into the crowds without a trace, leaving them surrounded by the cheering masses and their brightly coloured flags and signs. They’d searched up and down the streets for an hour before reluctantly giving up.
John seats himself on the edge of the bed. “I ‘spose it does sound a bit teen,” he muses. He puts his hand back in Sherlock’s hair, almost for the simple fact that this is something he can do freely now, without the lingering sense that it’s overstepping some invisible boundary. But mostly because when he does, Sherlock presses into the touch like a cat being stroked. “What would be better, then? Husband?”
to give you.”
But why? Was this really just about winning the game?
The sound in his ears climbs to a shrill, piercing noise.
“My breathing,” Sherlock offered, closing the distance between them again and lightly nudging John’s nose with his own. He dropped his voice to a near-whisper. “What do you make of it?”
John lifted another chip to his mouth, his eyes flicking up to catch Sherlock’s across the table. Paused. Looked away, lowering his fork again. Shifted in his seat.
“Yeah, well. Nobody talks to my boyfriend like that.”
The way he says it gives John pause. He drags his chair over to the bed. “Okay. I’m not going anywhere, I promise.”
He had assumed sex would be totally out of the question. After all, he’d recalled his own reactions so many times after masturbating to porn on the Internet. There was always a stark difference in his appreciation for the material before his orgasm, and directly after it; to put it lightly, some of the things he enjoyed in the heat of the moment could turn his stomach after the fact.
“Not another one,” Sherlock grumbled, thoroughly unimpressed so far and feeling his mood sink even lower. John smacked him playfully on the arm. Greg got up and lifted his chair away from the table, crossing the room to the hearth, and placed it down in the space between where Sherlock and John’s chairs usually resided.
They stood and made their way to the exit as expediently as possible without making themselves look too suspicious, and soon they were safely sequestered in the back of a taxi heading to the hotel.
“It can wait, Sherlock. Trust me, the case isn’t going anywhere. And neither are you, so long as you keep pushing yourself like this.”
It almost seems cruel, but he may not get another chance at this and if he lets it go now John will never let himself fall for it again. It's tempting to at least allow him time to ease in to the idea. However, his incessant wriggling is having an effect he did not forsee, but probably should have. Being mostly unclothed, there is an uncomfortable amount of friction going on.
Sherlock steepled his fingers under his chin, and meditated.
“Over! Push him over!”
John gripped his coat, taking a moment to steady himself, before putting his softening penis away and giving his friend the hardest glare he could manage given his sleepy, post-orgasmic state.
Sherlock considers his remaining options carefully. At this point, anything would be better than nothing. “There is the backstroke,” he suggests. “It’s a beginner’s technique. Physically quite effortless, but it’s very slow. It’ll add hours to my estimate.”
“S’pose I deserved it,” John mutters, hooking the glasses into his shirt collar. “Sorry about the drinking. Really. I did go a bit overboard with it. It’s just been a bit… difficult.”
“Keep going, damn it!”
John rubbed his chin. Well, maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. Of course, there was the danger of having to get entirely too close to Anderson’s face for comfort. But if Molly was playing, then at least there was a chance of not having to kiss, or be kissed by, someone with a face full of stubble. He’d never really fancied her, but it wouldn’t be unpleasant. And Sherlock seemed so confident he would win this. John simply couldn’t resist the allure of finally having a chance to beat him at a game. Because if there was one thing John was certain he knew better than his brilliant flatmate, it was the intricacies of human touch.
“You’re going to exhaust the both of us,” he says, his strength ebbing. “You need to tread water so you can float on your own.”
Sherlock stopped fiddling with the placement of his newest acquisition (the final ‘Y’ he needed to complete the word ‘Birthday’) and glared up at him. “John, I am not going to spend two or three quid on a mass-produced piece of cardboard printed with some obnoxiously fluffy sentiment and designed by a total stranger.”
Recalling it sends a chill across his skin. What if John had come home an hour later? Or stayed at his girlfriend’s flat for the night? Between the neglect of his body and his dangerous chemical experiments, it’s a miracle Sherlock ever made it to adulthood without constant supervision. Then again, perhaps he did; the history of his and Mycroft’s upbringing are something John has never quite been brave enough to delve into.
His initial reaction is panic. He flies to his feet, knocking the book to the floor anyway, but stops dead when he sees the source of the noise. Sherlock’s pale arm is outstretched, his hand fiddling with the controls of his morphine drip. Then his head rolls on its pillow to face him, one tired eye cracked open.
“I’d be happy to watch the rest, only I’m quite sure a number of people around us are aware of what really just happened.”
“That took a while,” John commented, peering hungrily into the box.
So when his teacher had gotten annoyed by his hesitance and ordered him up front, like a doomed soldier at the Battle of the Somme he had marched in front of his peers and delivered his reading. Everyone had gotten an eyeful of him that day. It was a humiliating experience. All the kids had sniggered and laughed at him for the rest of the school year, and Mrs Raithwait had just let it happen. The snooty cow.
“Please let me save him,” he tries again, appealing desperately to whatever might exist of Mikhail’s humanity. “You don’t want to become murderers, do you? That’s not part of the job. If you let me call for help, I swear to you we’ll leave quietly. You won’t hear from us again, I give you my word.”
John has one final idea. He strips off his jeans and pants, climbing onto the sofa to perch over Sherlock’s limp form and his very hard, dripping wet dick. And while he wouldn't dream of fucking himself on Sherlock like this, perhaps there’s something else he can do that’s close enough? Pressing Sherlock's twitching penis flat against his stomach, John straddles it with his bum, feeling the length of it slot in between his arse cheeks. Then he starts to frot against him, clenching tight around the cock and sliding along it, wanking him between his cheeks.
“’Something about kissing someone and guessing something.’ Astute deductions as ever, John, however did you figure it out? You’ll be putting me out of business one of these days, if you keep that up.”
“You could have offered,” John says offhandedly, because it’s been bothering him for days and he didn’t quite have the courage or the energy to say it before now. “I did. They wouldn’t take mine because I’m not a match.”
But it had never truly been forgotten. Some remnant of it remained in their lives, desperately unspoken. Now it seemed that the events of last night had caused the long-buried issue to resurface— and not only for John.
It lasts several long, agonising minutes, and Sherlock hadn’t even noticed when John got up from the couch and hurried into the kitchen. Now a glass tumbler is being coaxed into his hands, filled with cool spring water from the fridge.
John’s grip on the banister tightens. He doesn't like the sound of any of that. Alone, no backup, not even from the crew. And he expects to take down a dangerous criminal who, by the victim's own testimony, is probably twice his weight in muscle-mass alone? Turning back towards the stairs, he swallows thickly, ignoring the rising anxiety in his gut. Against all better judgement, he gives a nod. “Fine," he says. "I’ll pack.”
“Perhaps. However, I’m not the one about to ruin both our shoes.” Before John even knows what’s happening, Sherlock shoves him towards the outer railing, and a hand on the back of his neck is bending him low, and then he’s doubling over to vomit.
It was safer that way, he’d told himself. The last thing he wanted to do was scare John off by saying something stupid in his confusion of messy emotions.
“Wasn’t me,” John sing-songed, inciting another round of giggles. That was the last straw.
“What I get in return is
“Why not?”
Sherlock grinned at him, quite satisfied himself by the outcome. “Like I said: All it takes is a little observation, and to pick the moment carefully. I kept an eye on them, John. I wouldn’t have let them discover you.”
The air by his face grew warm, and John sensed his proximity. He knew it was Sherlock, of course. His breath sped up slightly, anticipating the inevitable contact, but Sherlock remained there as motionless as a statue. He seemed to be holding his breath, as if that would do anything at all to conceal his identity. Oh, this was going to be so easy. But a full minute passed, and still he didn’t move.
Now that the moment had arrived, was he having second thoughts? John wanted there to be no regrets. If Sherlock wasn’t ready for this, he wouldn’t push him to it. It was better to be safe than sorry.
“I had rather hoped to put a damper on your day, yes. Nevermind, though. You’re a slippery fish, Salvatore, but even you can’t hope to slip the net every time.”
“Didn’t bother to ask.” He ruffles his hair in frustration. “The less the crew are aware of us and what we’re doing here, the better. He’s unlikely to be working alone. At the very least, he may have bribed a few people so that he has places to hide himself and his victims as needed. Which reminds me: You should be careful who you’re speaking to. Don’t give anything away.”
He had hoped that John would find some relief in the knowledge that both of them had reacted just as either of them would have been expected to. But rather than being comforted by the revelation, he seemed all the more disturbed by it.
But Sherlock patiently coaxes one of John’s hands free, and he begins to mimic the motion. Doing so eases the pressure slightly. “Good, just like that. Now try it with both hands.”
That afternoon, they sat down together on the sofa, a variety of craft materials spread out across the coffee table. John felt like a schoolkid again, but his embarassment quickly melted underneath Sherlock’s genuine enthusiasm for the activity. Soon enough, they were both well into it.
He giggled at that. “Yes sir,” he answered with a mock salute. He slid out of his underwear, tossing them unceremoniously aside.
Sherlock had taken to accompanying John out on public errands such as the weekly shop at Tesco, despite personally hating the chore, in order to keep him out of trouble. It was an unusually kindly gesture from the usually reticent sociopath. At first, John just assumed he’d become an interesting study subject, a fascinating new experiment for Sherlock to explore and observe and pick apart. But it wasn’t like that— Sherlock was actually being nice. He
“I did live,” John replies. “We both did. And here we are.”
. Idling around on the ship, it was easier to ignore his growing fatigue. Now his remaining energy is being rapidly drained just from the effort to stay afloat. The blooming pain at his side isn’t helping.
He appears asleep, as if John could simply reach out and nudge him awake, except he would get no response if he tried. He looks so vulnerable lying there, wires trailing from him, tethering him to the bed like vines as they draw his blood and push it through the dialysis machine. His face and arms are peeling from sunburn. It looks irritated; John has to restrain himself from the urge to soothe it, and he doesn’t know if it’s his nature as a medic, a friend, or something else entirely, but the nurses couldn’t pry him away for more than five minutes when they first arrived. They initially mistook him for Sherlock’s spouse. He wanted to do everything, monitor everything, even though he just ended up getting in the way. Eventually they handed off the duty of changing his bandages just to give John something useful to do.
“Sorry,” John said, leaning into his shoulder. “It’s just… I don’t want to make an arse of myself. I don’t want to scare you off.”
He’s never been good at moving and texting at the same time. He fumbles with his phone as Mindy leads them across the court, past an arcade and down another set of stairs. God knows how Sherlock manages to text one-handed, when John can’t even get a sentence out without bumping into someone.
“S’Alright,” he says.
“Whatever you installed, I’m uninstalling it,” John declares, his fingers tapping audibly against the screen. “When I find the icon.” The tapping intensifies. “You’ve hidden the icon. For God’s sake…”
John’s throat tightened. That was one of the most genuine, heartfelt things he’d ever heard Sherlock say. It was kind of shocking, even. He couldn’t recall anybody ever expressing something so warm about him, and when he met Sherlock’s eyes again he saw that they were filled with that rare and fragile John-centric sentiment that nobody else save for him ever got to see. It was almost as if…
As John studies the image, some movement in his peripheral vision catches his attention. Through window at the far end of the room, a flock of gulls glide and circle above the water’s surface. John’s gaze slips past them to the Menorca coastline as it recedes into the horizon, fading to a hazy blue as it shrinks away along with the last traces of dry, solid land. He shudders, closing his eyes against the stark reality of the view. There's no going back now.
“Don’t think so,” John replies, because he honestly doesn’t think he could if he tried. His phone pings. “Oop, got another one. Let’s see who… Oh, Greg sends his congrats. Says he’s got a possible nine for you when you’re feeling up to it.”
They finally arrive at the harbour. John practically leaps out of the oven-like cab, leaving Sherlock to pay the driver. He's so grateful for the breeze that whips at his hair and cools his damp skin that he doesn't even mind that the place stinks of brine and gutted fish. Gulls screech and swoop overhead like flying velociraptors against the deep blue of the sky, and when he turns towards the dock, there it is: The Aurora. A brilliant white behemoth, towering over the far end of the wharf like a wayward cliff of Dover. His mouth falls open. He’d been imagining something half this size; even Sherlock seems impressed by its stature.
He pressed the hard length of his cock against Sherlock’s thigh, glancing up into his eyes just to make sure his friend — no, his
Before he can reach them, he feels the punch of a sniper’s kiss in his shoulder. Colour bleeds from the scene as his life spills from the wound, and the world turns grey save for the blood painting his arm red all the way down to the very tips of his fingers. It’s more a memory than a dream, until another screaming bullet punctures his chest and stops his heart dead.
“I don’t watch half as much telly as you claim,” John sniffs. His mouth opens to speak again, but the attempt is aborted twice before any words materialise. “It’s not… I am grateful, Sherlock. Honestly. It's nice getting away from London now and then.”
John lets out a pitiful yelp as they tip backwards, gravity doing the rest.
For three years.
John’s face turns to him, brimming with concern. “Will you be alright?”
Sherlock wears a look of complete awe. “I think,” he says, slowly, “that was the best thing I’ve ever seen anybody do, ever.”
be respected,” Greg said pointedly. “Other than that, the kisser decides exactly how and where to kiss. On the face, mind. No funny business!”
Another silent eon passes. So long, in fact, that he’s not even sure if the text was actually sent. But his phone buzzes again just as he’s about to send a follow-up. He squints at the screen, struggling to decipher John’s horrible spelling.
The automatic ‘
“Grit your teeth, man!”
“Shit. Are we too late?” John whispered, his body tensing despite the post-orgasmic lethargy weighing heavy in his limbs.
Sherlock hums again, still drifting between sleep and awake. John tilts his head down to press another kiss to his temple, before easing them both upright on the couch. He picks up the glass of water on the coffee table and slowly guides Sherlock into the bedroom. John remains quiet and moves gently, mindful of Sherlock’s barely conscious state as he dresses Sherlock for bed and settles him under the covers, and can’t help an indulgent smile that tugs at the corners of his lips when Sherlock slips effortlessly back to sleep, having barely woken from the move at all.
He can feel John slipping through his grip. But John isn’t getting heavier— his own arms are losing their strength. The additional strain is pulling relentlessly at the muscles at his flank, where a white-hot pain is pulsing with heat through his midriff. It takes a great deal of effort to keep his face neutral. “Kick your legs, John,” he urges again, gritting his teeth.
John Watson wakes at least once a week from a nightmare that leaves his skin clammy and his heart hammering beneath his ribs. The subject of his dreams rarely differs: He’s pinned down in an abandoned stone building, gunfire piercing the air. Bullets zip past his ears through the empty windows as his squadmates lie dying in the streets.
. He couldn’t help it. One sultry glance from Sherlock right then would have brought John fully hard again in seconds.
John was infinitely grateful to have someone not only accept this odd trait of his, but to help him through ordinary day-to-day activities. It was truly a Godsend. He had no idea how he would cope without his friend’s non-judgemental support. And rather than offering distractions or urging him to stop, as any well-meaning therapist he’d avoided discussing it with might suggest, Sherlock had surprised John by proposing a rather unorthodox solution to his problem.
John shoots him a worried look. “Sherlock, I can’t…”
They hit the water with a crash. His arms locked around John, Sherlock sinks until his backside touches the tiles at the bottom of the pool, then quickly finds his feet and lifts them both to standing. Only when his head breaks the surface of the water again does he hear the litany of half-crazed curses tumbling out of John’s mouth.
Upstairs, stepping into their flat, John was still quiet. Sherlock decided to try prompting him.
He took a step into the room. The bed was immaculately made; all neat, military corners, and several of John’s bedside possessions were missing, the surfaces they had once adorned looking unnaturally bare in their absence. “But, why?”
It was late now. The streets were dark, empty save for the occasional drunkard wobbling his way home from a pub crawl. Still struggling to catch their breaths, John and Sherlock shared one glance before they broke into exhausted laughter, high on the thrill of the chase.
John looks away. Then a wistful smile comes over his features. His gaze wanders over the town. “No, it’s not that. I love it here. Haven’t been back in years. Mum brought us a few times when we were kids, me and Harry. I’ve got some good memories of this place.”
wasn’t an adequate descriptor. This was more like breaking the surface of a sea he hadn’t realised he’d been drowning in. This was the first sip of water after years of dehydration. This was a desperate need, finally being fulfilled. He couldn’t describe it, there were no words in his vocabulary that did it justice. He only knew that he needed more of this. More of John.
part of the plan. But much like his unruly pinky finger, he was having trouble controlling his mouth, his lips, his tongue. He kissed John again because once hadn’t been enough. Because he’d wanted to kiss him. Because it had felt so… good? No,
. And Sherlock…
He’s falling.
It's an accusation. True to form, Sherlock’s quicksilver mind has flipped from confusion to cold suspicion like the flicking of a light switch. John tries for apologetic nonchalance as he carefully picks the shards of his teacup off the floor, gathering them in the palm of his other hand. “I’d love to go, Sherlock. I really would. But I do have a lot to be getting on with here, unfortunately.”
It takes long minutes to make his way over there. Every muscle in his body burns with built-up lactic acid and begs for a moment’s relief, but he pushes through it, ignoring the pain. He can’t see where he’s going, but eventually his head bumps against an outstretched leg and he struggles upright, reaching immediately to support Sherlock’s head above the water.
’ was on the tip of John’s tongue, but he swallowed it, his throat suddenly tight. He knew Sherlock was just trying to cheer him up. An offer of chips should not be so endearing, but the idea of Sherlock willingly dropping a loose thread and attending to John’s needs spoke volumes about how much the man cared for him. His curiosity over the subject hadn’t abated, John knew, but he was at least making an effort to move past it. That deserved some sort of a reward.
He doesn’t understand. Where is this coming from? “Hey, now. You silly sod, there’s nothing to forgive. None of that matters now. All I care about is you getting better.”
“That’s ridiculous.” Sherlock sniffed imperiously. “It was John.”
Finally there’s nothing else he can do to avoid looking at him. Fingering the crisp edges of the bed sheets, John gathers his resolve and lifts his eyes to where Sherlock’s head lies half-swallowed by his pillow.
They’d been caught out. An unexpected patrol had stumbled upon their hiding spot out of blind, dumb luck. On all other counts, they had been meticulously careful; John’s army training being just as useful in situations like these as Sherlock’s route-finding and planning often was, but the result of their discovery was the same either way: They’d been captured. Their plan to eavesdrop on the clandestine money exchange was scuppered. Sherlock had been so furious with himself as to curse aloud.
The woman cackles with laughter, her eyes gleaming with unshielded malice. “You must think we’re real stupid, curly. No, I know who you are. I know how smart you
“Fantastic?”
John sat himself on the sofa, faintly stunned. He couldn’t fault the logic. However, Sherlock’s technique left something to be desired. Perhaps it was a side-effect of a life spent investigating crimes, but the arrangement of mis-matched letters on the floor was looking more to him like a grisly ransom note than a cheery greeting.
“John, look at me.” Sherlock could think of no other way of getting his message across. When John eventually lifted his chin, Sherlock seized his opportunity, leaning in and letting his eyes fall closed. With some gentle nuzzling to coax the angle, he pressed a soft, lingering kiss to John’s lips, pouring everything he wanted to say into that one, simple touch.
He puts his phone away with a defeated sigh. "This is going to be a long bloody week, isn't it."
Quiet again. Sherlock pursed his lips.
They pause. “Sorry,” Sherlock says. “Go ahead.”
The sound of his voice is a symphony to John’s ears. “Oh, thank God,” he whispers, shuffling closer to cup Sherlock’s warm cheek with his hand. He’s grinning like a fool, but he doesn’t care; he feels like the happiest sod on Earth just to see Sherlock’s eyes following him, awake, alive. Sherlock takes his hand and holds it there, a simple gesture that conveys his permission and understanding and affection while his eyes sparkle with even more emotions all vying at once to be expressed.
That was more like it. Everyone loosened up over the course of several increasingly risque rounds, at which point a devious gleam lit up in Greg’s eyes. It was time for a new game.
“I love you,” Sherlock murmured against the wet of his lips, tasting the air he breathed. “You complete me, John. I want to do the same for you. You’re afraid there’s no way I could enjoy that, but you’re wrong. Nothing would gratify me more than to take you apart and put you back together, inch by inch.”
Is it too much to hope that he hasn’t figured it out? It doesn’t seem possible. But if so, he’ll take it. Gladly.
“What else is there?”
He feels himself being swallowed by an enormous, yawning void. He used to wonder if this is what death feels like: Descending into the quiet depths, only to float momentarily back to the surface, a piece of cork bobbing in a bathtub as the water drains away. Where it would end up, he didn’t much care at the time. He doesn’t care now either, but for a very different reason: He wants to live.
running.”
"Don't get any ideas," John warns. No matter what Sherlock thinks, there is no way he’s going anywhere near that pool. Anyway, they’ll be too busy for mucking about. With any luck, Sherlock will get so caught up in the hunt for their quarry, he’ll forget all about trying to 'fix' John's issues. It’s a comforting enough fantasy to stem the rise of another wave of panic.
But one thing bothered him still. It was all well and good that Sherlock wanted to do these things for him, to touch him, pleasure him as a lover should— but John also yearned to feel Sherlock’s burning skin beneath his fingertips. Would he even want to be touched; to be as close as they were now, only lying in bed, skin to skin?
He wants to speak.
, just as long as it happens. John is coming around to the idea that this might actually be an interesting way to do a little experimentation, safe in the knowledge that nobody — not even his flatmate — would ever know.
“Good.”
“Uh, okay,” John’s tone wavers uncertainly. “That sounds rough.”
Bemused, but willing to play along with whatever his friend had in mind, John did as he was told— he slowed to a steady pace, no longer chasing the orgasm that was poised now like a volcano in the pit of his scrotum, waiting to erupt. He wasn’t sure how long he could hold it there, but he was going to try; he was too curious for whatever Sherlock had planned.
“Closeness,” he replied, breaking the kiss to rest their foreheads together. Affection wrote itself in the lines of his eyes, the upward tilt of his mouth. “It makes me feel warm inside, and glad.”
“Blackmail?”
Sherlock began carefully deconstructing the box, tearing some flaps off and re-arranging it, before putting it back together again. When he was finished, the box looked intact from the front and sides, but the back and base of it were empty. He then placed the box back in John’s lap, glancing sideways at him with a smile and an eyebrow raised.
“No, I’m alright. Come on. We can talk about it more later. I know it looks like I’m still avoiding this, but dwelling on it right now isn’t going to do me any favours. Just trust me on this.” He turns to leave, but spins around and points a stern finger between Sherlock’s widening eyes. “Oh, and if you so much as
“It won’t be that sunny. It’s not even July.”
It took effort, but he managed to end the kiss, feeling slightly stunned himself.
John turns the key over in his palm. The offer is undeniably tempting. Watching Mindy leave, he almost misses the man who emerges from the kitchen area and follows her out of the café.
Finally he turns and storms through the door, but not without a parting shot. “If my brother is ever in need of another organ, I’ll be certain they find a way to accept
“The perfect crime,” John mused, and they giggled about it on the taxi ride back to the hotel.
Sherlock smiled up at him. “Anytime you need it, John. Just ask.”
