They both start laughing too.
“A real live dancing human being,” he says. And then he surprises himself by saying, “You wanna get out on the dance floor?”
They both laugh as he slaps Cas hard on the arm. “There we go.”
INT. BUNKER - LIBRARY - DAY (DAY 3)
(to Kara)
When he walks away, Cas turns to Dean, barely concealed delight in his eyes.
“You haven’t mentioned Jack since I’ve been back,” he says.
“It’s Sam,” Cas says, blinking up at him. “I don’t know why I’d be texting the Pope. He’s never had a direct line of communication to the divine.”
Cas blushes at that, red rising up his neck and around his ears, looking about 40% bashful and 60% something way less office-appropriate. Dean’s still amazed every time Cas demonstrates a physical reaction to anything—it’s so human. He forgets, all the time, that Cas is human. Then again, when Cas was an angel, Dean often forgot he
“I believe you,” Dean says fondly, just a little active terror rising in his spine.
Dean wanders into the kitchen in his dead guy robe, having obviously just woken up. He checks the fridge, then sees a plate of some weird healthy stuff that Sam must have made for breakfast. He shrugs, tries one. Spits it out immediately.
Cas tilts his head thoughtfully. “It was certainly against God’s plan for me to be gay. Just… Personally.”
Nothing.
“I had a good time,” he says. He glances sidelong at Dean. Then he puts his burrito down on the bedside table. Cas hasn’t left a meal unfinished since he got back. Cas hasn’t left
hello friends......... just vibing honestly. was planning to get to some stuff in this chapter and instead i did not but i had a great time so here we are
Most of the time, simmering under the surface, especially when he tries not to think about it, two of Dean’s most fervent wishes grapple inside him: The first is that he hopes he never has to see Jack again, because he knows that what he’s done is unforgiveable, and he doesn’t want to face the kid after screwing him up so badly. The second is that he wants Jack back—he wants him here, in Lawrence, where he belongs. He wants to tell Jack he’s sorry.
Dean can’t believe Cas would even ask.
They hug, and Sam pats his back twice, hard.
“Well…” Cas thinks for a moment. “What do you do?”
Sam... I have to tell you something.
No. I mean - yes. I'm worried about him. But I'm... also worried about me.
Cas looks taken aback for a moment. “I was a member of the garrison assigned to watch over Earth. When Anna left, I took her place as the garrison’s leader.”
“Yeah.” Dean huffs out a short laugh through his nostrils. “Back in the family business.”
“Hey, hey, hey,” Dean says softly, bringing a hand up to Cas’s cheek. Cas tries to turn away but ends up nuzzling miserably into Dean’s palm. “What’s wrong?”
“Oh, I—” says Cas. Neither of them can choke out a decent full sentence. “You don’t have to.”
“Yeah, I get it—”
So is this really what it's like inside your brain? Do you think about him this much?
Dean parks on the other side of the street, gives Cas a look, and heads up to Sam’s door. Almost as soon as he rings the doorbell, Sam is opening the door, scooping him into a hug.
“I love you,” Cas says back, in almost the same intonation, as if he’s repeating Dean for clarity instead of saying it himself. Then again, with more solidity: “I love you.”
“Snore,” says Claire. Cas closes his mouth so soundly that Dean hears his teeth click together. “God, how did I go from having a normal amount of parents to having zero to having, like, five?”
“You have some fucking nerve,” Dean spits, blood boiling over again suddenly. “I fucking raised you. You remember any of that? I was Mom. I was Dad. I was me. You don’t know half the shit I went through. You don’t know me. I know you.”
Cas considers for a moment. “I suppose I could… adopt Jimmy Novak’s identity more fully. Claire stole the wallet years ago, but I can get a new license, and there must be a way I can claim his birth certificate for myself.”
BLACKOUT.
“Thank you, Janine,” Dean says, messing frantically with the internal charm knobs to see if he’s still got it. “That means a lot to hear.”
“Okay, Danger Mouse,” says Dean, holding up his hands. “If you insist.”
“I think I’m old and feeble now,” he says. “Having a birthday aged me.”
“Come on in!” says Sam, stepping back inside. “Can’t wait for you to tell us all about it.”
. “We’ve been together for months and I still don’t know how to talk about you.”
“The doctor is here,” he says.
Cas blinks at him in surprise. “Oh,” he says, holding back a smile. Then, “Do you want a tour?”
“Who are you texting,” Dean says around a mouthful of toast, “the Pope? What’s so important?”
,” Sam says, “for you, we’re probably looking at something a little less… specialized. An office job is a good impulse. I think we’re already on the right track. We just need to maybe get your resume together and figure out how to sell you.”
“Semi,” she says, smirking, one hand on the doorframe. “See you at dinner.”
“How are we doing?” the doctor says, trailing in behind Cas.
“Hey,” Dean says. “I’m proud of you too, Mr. Breadwinner.”
Sam cracks up. “Kidding! You think I wanna hear about your sex life with
“Yeah, okay. Might be weird to have the lady at the bank calling for
Cas narrows his eyes but doesn’t protest. He sits down on the nearest barstool, wobbling just a little.
On Castiel, looking more desperately uncomfortable than ever.
Nothing happens. Not inside him or outside him. He keeps going.
Sam huffs out a laugh, retrieves two beers from the fridge, and trails off into the garage without checking to see if Dean is behind him.
We can call Kara first thing tomorrow, ask if anything's gone missing.
Cas’s face lights up at the mention of Sam. They haven’t discussed him much—Cas knew everything Dean would have updated him on from the prayers.
Dean doesn’t say anything, just unbuckles the belt and guides Cas’s hand to touch him. It occurs to him that he hasn’t had sex in a long time—definitely not since Cas left, and a while before that. And now here Cas is, fumbling at the button on his jeans. For a split second, Dean starts to panic again. Then Cas looks up at him, distressed, says, “I’ve—I’ve never unbuttoned a button this way. The button of another.” And Dean knows again that everything is okay—that this is Cas, that this is what Cas wants, that this is what Dean wants and has wanted for a long time, even if he didn’t know, even if he told himself he didn’t.
“That would be nice,” says Cas. Dean grabs his burrito and the remote from the bedside table and notices Cas’s burrito sitting there.
“Sam?” Cas wrinkles his nose. “I wouldn’t ask Sam for sexual advice. You know I’ve been researching.”
“A hell of a lot more than you do, apparently.”
The dance floor is just full enough that Dean doesn’t feel too self-conscious to grab Cas’s hands at arm’s length and start swaying to whatever Kacey Musgraves song is playing. He’s just drunk enough that he thinks it’s really funny for them to be playing Kacey Musgraves, but it also makes sense. He doesn’t say anything to Cas because Cas has no idea who Kacey Musgraves is.
, man. You and Eileen both. I thought you were both in it for life. You talked about it, you promised. And here you are with your fuckin’ civilian jobs, steady paychecks. It’s that domestic fantasy, dude. You’re living it. I didn’t think you wanted that.”
“What do you know about what I want?”
I mean, I kind of figured, but - you know. I didn't think you'd ever -
“Oh, it’s the mallrats,” Dean says when Cas and Eileen stumble in, both laughing, each carrying several bags.
“I think I can handle it. I was homeless for a time. And I slept in your car once.”
“I’m fine,” Sam shouts. “Just hurts my back.”
Cas...
“Gotta get back home to Cas,” he says, and he practically feels Sam sag in relief beside him. “You crazy kids have a good night though.”
“He didn’t text me,” Dean says with more force. “He was gone for like an hour. I thought something happened.”
“Will there be a ring?” Cas says, looking down at Eileen’s left hand curiously when everyone gets settled back into their seats.
Dean, I'm not going to -
“Love. Present tense.” Dean sets the bottle down hard on the work table. “What, you goin’ out on hunts without me? You and Eileen?”
Cas’s warm skin on his unravels almost everything he can think of to say. His heart is still pounding, but suddenly he loses the impulse to shout, to berate, to blame. He’s just tired, mostly.
Dean returns around 5 PM with a trash bag full of clean laundry, two massive tomes about the local occult, four burritos, and a 5-pack of t-shirts from Walmart. Cas is sitting up in bed, knees pulled to his chest, watching cable news.
Dean’s head goes completely empty.
“Dessert first,” she says into his neck. He elbows her hard enough to send her stumbling back, then dives several feet out of the way.
I knew I still loved Brad, but I figured it was easier to just stay with Trent. And then over the past couple days, I just got this insistent little voice in my head saying I should call him, and I just suddenly felt so - so open about everything, you know? I told Trent I still had feelings for Brad and he was totally cool about it. And then I called up Brad to tell him I was getting married, and that was supposed to be my closure, but... I just couldn't stop telling him the truth.
“Oh, Dean, that’s wonderful.” And before Dean knows what hit him, he’s being subsumed into a tight, warm embrace. “Congratulations.”
“Not with sticking around.”
“Thanks for the dance,” he says, which is at least mostly intelligible, but Dean can tell he’s mostly asleep.
“There’s nothing to talk about.”
Dean gives him one last chaste kiss, pulls all the way away. “I told Sam we’d be over at 5, and it’s 5:30. He’ll have an aneurysm.” He pats Cas’s shoulder hard. “Cold shower,” he says.
Great. I'm headed to bed.
On the job front, Dean doesn’t hear back, keeps not hearing back. Sure, it’s only been a couple weeks, but it’s not like he’s applying at NASA, and he’s got a strong (if exaggerated) resume. Cas comforts him, tells him it’s only a matter of time, but Dean is starting to wonder if they can tell the resumes are fake, though Sam assures him one Friday over lunch that’s not possible.
Dean hears the voice before he can tell exactly where it’s coming from, and then realizes the person in question has moved to the doorway so quickly that he barely registered the motion. On the desk, he sees bobbleheads; on the wall, a
“You and Sam this morning,” he says. “I’m starting to feel like a third wheel here.”
“My own shirts,” he says. “Thank you, Dean.”
You can come all the way in. I'm not gonna bite.
Cas pretends not to smile. “How did you sleep?” he says through a yawn.
Eventually they get tired of the silence. Cas turns the TV back on, gets ready for bed. He doesn’t ask Dean to get another room, and Dean doesn’t offer.
Wait, so why aren't you cursed? You didn't say that last night.
“What, like—” He swallows hard. Not this again. Not this, not this. For once he’s in control of his life, or at least he thought he was. “Is he—” He realizes belatedly that he’s pointing at himself.
“Good question,” says Dean, pointing at Sam, who rolls his eyes.
“I feel you,” says Dean. “I get it.” He collapses back onto the bed. “Man. I’m proud of that kid.”
Dean and Sam, who had both happened to take a sip at the same time, fully spit out their water. Eileen looks down at the table with such force it’s like someone has yanked her head down. Cas looks between them all, totally blank.
What? Why not? You gonna use it against me?
Find a penny, pick it up, all the day you'll have good luck. Eh?
Sam sighs heavily.
“Hysterical,” Claire says.
“Yeah, yeah, all right. Better get back to your prodigious desk at your prodigious job, then.”
“If you mean
Dean raises his eyebrows at Castiel: You coming? Castiel sighs.
but nothing comes out.
. You checking IDs at the door?”
“I just thought maybe it was in some way about… control,” Cas says.
“What’s forgotten?” Dean says as they pull into the driveway. He parks, leans in as close to Cas as his seatbelt will allow, smiling. Cas smiles back. They don’t even kiss—just look each other in the eyes for a long time. There is nothing else in the world like this feeling.
Maintenance guy. Just happened to come in to change the filters within the hour. We got the time from the last call on the cell phone.
“Seems like a good number.” The closest thing Dean has seen to a real smile appears on Tom’s face. “You got a family?”
Sweet. Lay it on me.
“Got me there.” Dean shrugs. “Did he say something? When you were up there?”
“I prayed to him,” he says. “I asked him to send you back.”
Cas finally gets out of his chair, moves over to sit at the foot of the bed. He places a gentle hand on Dean’s leg.
Sam looks at him, then at Dean, who’s still recovering from experiencing an emotion.
“Is this about sex now?” Cas lets go of Dean’s hand with a sigh, and Dean uses the opportunity to grab the tea from his bedside table and hand it to Cas. Cas takes a sip, stares down into the mug.
Castiel just nods. Dean turns like he's going to follow Sam. Turns back.
I wanna suck your dick so bad sometimes I can't even look at you. Like, it's crazy. You don't even like sex, right? You're a literal angel. And you look like an accountant. A really sexy accountant. And sometimes I think about Jimmy Novak, rest in peace, and I know he's not in there anymore, but I still feel bad.
A few songs turns into a few more, and a few more, and then suddenly it’s midnight and they’re announcing last call, turning all the lights on one at a time. Tammy Wynette’s “Stand by Your Man” begins to play.
I'm fine, Dean. Just could maybe use a little good luck, that's all.
“You just—” Sam flaps a finger at him, one eyebrow raised. “You’re the one who—okay. Never mind.”
What? Is that not juicy enough for you?
Dean considers for a second, lips pursed, eyebrows raised.
“What name do you want to use?” Sam says, ignoring Dean completely.
What do you mean an accident? You just - you just said it!
“You’re the one who’s supposed to know how to do that,” he says.
“Dean.” Cas says it seriously, tenderly, turning his full body towards Dean. “I keep saying this too. I wanted to come back; I did it on purpose. Jack and I discussed it, at length—we both thought it was the best possible solution.”
A strangled noise comes out of Dean’s throat. That’s not what he was expecting.
“Hey,” he says, grinning, as Cas’s line of sight trails from the lunch up to Dean’s face.
Dean glares at Sam.
Dean opens his mouth to crack a joke about bending and grabbing, but decides this might not be the right time.
“Yeah, well…” Dean says, and he’s about to say
“Of course,” says Cas, scooting back on the bed like he’s been physically burned.
“What was all that?” Dean asks as Gregory walks away, torn between keeping a suspicious eye on him and feeling some strange combination of guilty and irritated for staring at his ass. Which is unavoidable, given the costume. It’s not like Dean is just staring at his ass on purpose.
Cas picks them out some more new furniture: a couple comfortable chairs that look like they belong in an adult’s house, a slightly nicer dining table with all four chairs, even some art for the walls (admittedly not to Dean’s taste or understanding, but he lets it slide)—he’s been reading Pottery Barn for years, go figure, and it gave him an eye for design. Dean thinks about all the nice furniture he left in the Dean Cave because he couldn’t bear to have any more reminders of the bunker in the house than strictly necessary. The foosball table. Maybe someday he’ll go back for it. Not that there’s room for a foosball table here anyway. One of its major flaws.
“I slept in that guest room for months,” he says. “I’m tired of it.”
“Yeah,” he grumbles, scratching at the back of his head. “You good? Need anything?”
“Indeed,” says Cas, “the angels I murdered and stuff.”
this stuff from, Cas? We’re over it! It’s fine now!”
also i keep forgetting to tag my tumblr here! find me on tumblr @mishacoding (formerly @danielapples)
Looks like she might start crying again. Castiel holds up the tissue box. She holds up a hand: thanks, but not right now.
Please, Cas. I need you.
“Dean,” Cas says, already kneeling next to him, a hand hovering nervously over Dean’s chest. “Are you okay?”
“Need to talk,” says Dean, pushing past Sam with a hand on his chest. He sees Eileen in his line of vision, standing in the kitchen, but she’s looking over Dean’s head. Sam must be signing something at her behind him. She nods, finally looks down, gives Dean a little wave. Dean nods back once, but she’s already back to chopping vegetables. Sam clamps a hand down on his shoulder.
Dean clears his throat, looks out the diner window.
“No,” he says, though a part of him is sorely tempted.
Pretty much, yeah. But you're the love of my life. And I know it sucks of me to marry for money after I dumped you, but I'd still be down to hook up.
I assumed right. And I ain't doing it. No need. Nobody's getting a hand on any of my beloved objects.
“And the girl?”
“One more thing.”
“I promise, Cas,” Dean says before he knows what he’s saying. “I promise I’ll do better.” He puffs his cheeks out in a deep exhale, and Cas gives him a light, relieved look that isn’t quite a smile. “Jesus,” he says. “This is tough, huh?”
He's shaking with the force of trying not to say any of this, but it's all coming out anyway.
“What, so you’re Bobby now?”
“You know how I feel about Heaven. I wanted to be here instead.”
Castiel reaches out, gently cups Dean's jaw. He doesn't lean in. They just stay like that for a second.
Like three days, almost exactly. And yesterday I just felt like I had to call Brad.
On the floor, Cas leans heavily into Dean, not necessarily out of necessity. He’s drunk, but not falling down drunk. He wraps his arms around Dean, buries his face in his shoulder.
“Just today,” Dean says, nodding, sheepish. He’s not sure why. “I start a test run next Monday, and if they like me by the end of the week, I’m hired for good.”
“They’re powerless,” Cas says, bringing up a hand to trace his fingers along Dean’s wrist. He finally looks back up. “I suppose there’s strength in numbers, if they really wanted to revolt, but there’s really not much they can do. Besides, I think mostly they’ve lost their appetites for power and violence.” Cas huffs out a humorless laugh. “I know I have. Time in the Empty will do that to you.”
They say their thank yous and goodbyes, and then Sam and Eileen are gone and Dean is peering into the shopping bags.
“That never stopped him before.”
“And now, obviously, that’s not a problem, because I’m—because we—you know. But it’s still weird. He’s so confident. He knows all that gay history. He does fuckin’ drag. Showed up in the Frank-N-Furter costume and everything. And I don’t know if I’m ever gonna be like that. But I—if I did wanna do stuff like that, I want to get to a place where I could. If I wanted.”
“Not exactly,” says Cas. “I wasn’t really
“You know how much I care about you,” he says.
Cas walks over, sits at the edge of the bed, looking distressed.
Dean gets dressed and makes himself some breakfast—they finally replaced the old, broken range with one that actually heats to reasonable temperatures and has functioning burners, which makes Dean want to cook a four-course meal every day for the next year. It’s a little early for that, though, so he sits at the little kitchen table and surveys: polished hardwood floors; fresh ceiling tiles; functional kitchen appliances. A couch. Okay, so they need some more furniture. And they could still stand to paint the walls. But it feels like he’s crossed over a hill and is rolling down. Maybe that’s not a good thing, actually. Is it a good thing? He’s not sure. He clutches his coffee and lets the mug burn his hands a little, just to wake him up.
Dean knows. “Gotta make it home and renovate that damn house with a broke back,” he sighs.
Cas narrows his eyes. Dean shrugs.
“I don’t really know if I’m supposed to—” Dean starts, but then he realizes that’s a ridiculous excuse, given that Cas is the one offering. “You know what? Yeah. Sure. Show me around, big shot.”
He’s got a horrible laugh. Nasal. Dean can’t tune him out.
It looks like I already have.
“I have a calm and centered demeanor,” Cas says, gravely serious. “My hands are not
... weird happens.
You know, I honestly did not expect to be saying all this. I... kind of wish I wasn't saying it. Why do I keep saying it?
“Nah,” says Dean. “That’s not it.”
“You…” Cas tilts his head from side to side, like there’s a marble up there he’s trying to get out of a maze. “Okay?”
the hospital,” Dean protests, and he recognizes as he says it that it’s not the most effective argument, but it’s the only one that comes to mind. Cas just raises an eyebrow, hauls Dean to his feet by pulling on his good arm. He grabs the keys to the Impala from the dish on the counter, and when Dean opens his mouth, Cas sticks a finger right in his face.
You probably think I'm horrible for laughing. I don't know how long you're supposed to wait to laugh after a bad thing happens. Things just feel so weird.
Dean drops his hands slowly from Cas’s face. “Talk to anybody you like?” he asks after a long silence. A history of Cas’s friends—friends? siblings? exes? gross—flashes through his brain: Balthazar. Hannah. Anna. Angels Cas might like to see. Maybe.
“It was safe and cheap used.”
Dean looks up from his neck-kissing, eyebrows raised. “You say fuck?”
You don't have to say anything. You can just pretend I never said anything of this. We'd both be better off.
for over a decade and something plus kissing for just about six months, so maybe not. Is six months of living together a regular point at which you should define the relationship? He really never even had this conversation with Lisa, and he never got to with Cassie. “Boyfriend sounds like we’re… fuckin’… meeting under the bleachers under school, you know?”
Cas’s shoulder softened under his hand. He didn’t realize Cas had been so tense, and he didn’t think Cas realized it either. He was also shaking, just a little.
Another quiet moment while they both sip their beers.
Ms. Parker, we're so sorry, and we understand this is difficult, but we're going to need you to slow down.
It’s nothing serious—it starts out with sneezing, which Cas still doesn’t do very often, so Dean finds it kind of endearing. Then Cas starts complaining of a headache and Dean tells him it’s probably allergies, grabs him some Claritin on the way home from work the next day. But the next morning Cas grunts more pitifully than usual when Dean kisses the back of his neck to wake him up.
Dean texts back, and Cas replies immediately.
Dean is honestly a bit surprised by the reaction. He was confident that Cas would like it, given all their discussions about what kind of car he wanted, but he assumed that for the most part they’d both treat it like a practical necessity. He certainly didn’t think he’d see Cas on the verge of tears about it.
“And, you know, my dad was a mechanic. But I like it. I’m good at it. I could make decent money.”
“I’m happy too,” Dean says. He grabs Cas’s hand under the sheets. “I mean that. I just—you know.” He wants to say something like
And that I was only marrying Trent for the money. And that I would cheat on him if Brad wanted me to. God, I sound like such a bitch.
Then Cas is on his feet, pacing, Dean can see Cas’s legs moving around him, there’s a noise, he’s saying something but not to Dean, Dean tries to speak again but can’t, his eyes, his back. It all goes away.
“Everything all right?” says Cas, brow knit both in concern and because Cas’s brow is kind of permanently knit.
“Sounds good,” says Cas. “If possible, I’d really like to do something that helps people.”
“Jesus,” he says, gasping for breath. “You’re a riot, you know that?”
This is humiliating.
Dinner’s not so bad after all, but Dean physically recoils when Sam breaks out the nutritional yeast.
“I like to cook,” he says with incredible earnestness.
So you're saying I should be ashamed?
“We’re getting married,” says Eileen, her eyes twinkling but her tone nonchalant, and she shrugs.
“Health insurance,” says Cas, a blunted sentence that Dean knows him well enough to hear as a question.
“I talked to Sam,” she says, throwing her backpack down by the door and sitting right down at the dining table. “He gave me your address.”
Eileen taps the table.
Cas smiles, warm and hazy, and drops forward to kneel on the bed. He reaches out for Dean’s hands, pulls him down into a kiss. It’s good, a good moment. And, of course, all Dean can think about is saying the one thing that would ruin it.
“Like I said at the house,” says Sam. “I’m happy for you. After everything, this feels right.” He pats Dean’s arm and leans forward over his own knees, folding his hands, all hunched over. He looks so big and so small at the same time.
“This bar better be worth that particular humiliation,” Dean says, pulling the room keys out of his pocket. “I’d better get wasted.”
He drops Cas’s lunch on the desk and leans over onto his hands.
“I like burgers,” Dean says, loudly, but more to himself than to Sam or Cas. Cas is scribbling furiously on a piece of note paper.
“It is, I promise.” He kisses Cas’s forehead, his temples, his nose, the corners of his mouth. “Promise. See?”
Sam laughs at that—a quiet laugh, but a real one. “I would be.”
Hey, Brad! It's Kara!
Dean leans in for a kiss, but Cas tries to squirm away.
instead of
“I’m hired,” says Cas, “I can’t believe it, they hired me on the spot, I made the interviewer cry, I thought that was probably a bad sign but I suppose it wasn’t, given the outcome, and she said that given my experiences and values I would be a truly good fit for the organization and I’m supposed to start next Monday.” Then he leans over the console and lays a big smooch on Dean, comical
“Nonprofits, helping people,” Dean scoffs before he can stop himself, and then tries to cover up with, “yes, they certainly do. Help people. Nonprofits.” Nobody notices, and if they do, thankfully, they’re ignoring him. He takes another sip of water to avoid having anything else unduly rude come out of his mouth.
“You got no idea, kid.”
“You are,” says Dean, totally giddy.
Dean blinks at him. “Like, intellectually?”
In the car on the way home, Cas says, “I’m sorry for embarrassing you in front of Sam and Eileen. I didn’t consider… You know. Appropriate versus inappropriate.”
Dean laughs, presses another kiss to the top of Cas’s head.
If you wanna be honest with me so bad, who are you marrying?
(feigning surprise)
“That’ll be about all.”
“Okay, so what happened? What did he do?”
“I’m fine being Bobby,” says Sam, crossing his arms. “I
Sam hesitates for a second, then says, “Is that… Is someone in the shower?”
Yes, Dean?
“No,” Cas says. “It’s about me.”
“Wh—” Cas tilts his head.
Dean hadn’t understood at first, but when it came to him, it felt like a punch in the gut: the day Cas had first appeared to him in the barn, told Dean he was the one who had raised him from Hell. He grabbed Cas by the back of the head and kissed him hard.
“Fantastic, man!” Sam says over the speakerphone. “I knew you’d get it. Congrats. I wanna hear everything—y’all coming over for dinner?”
“Ha,” Dean says in lieu of a yes or no answer, and Cas has already stepped out of the passenger seat, so Dean takes a deep breath and gets out of the car too. He can hang out with Cas’s coworkers. It’s fine. It’s normal. It’s a normal thing to do.
On Dean, fascinated. Maybe a little relieved?
I can't.
... That's all?
“Wh—of course I want to know,” he says, taking a step back. Crossing his arms. “Why wouldn’t I?”
“Charmed,” the guy says, “I’m sure.”
job,” says Dean, but when he looks up at Sam, Sam is giving him a
Dean nods, holds his jaw tight. He doesn’t know how to face Sam. If he had died, Sam probably would have been embarrassed. It’s embarrassing.
There’s a long pause. Maybe it’s not as long as Dean feels like it is, or maybe it’s longer. Who knows. Then Cas’s voice breaks the quiet.
“Okay, so you hunt down whatever’s left by the end of July. And then you come home.”
Yeah. It was heads up.
“Hey,” says Dean, “not biologically, thank god.”
“Oh,” he says, stepping inside the house. “Never got around to watching it. But you look—” He mentally kicks himself. “Great costume.”
“Cas, I am
On his way to bed, Dean decides to check on Cas. He hears music coming from behind the door. Whitney Houston, "I Wanna Dance With Somebody." Dean shrugs: Well, at least he has decent taste. He knocks, speaks over the loud music.
Dean does a double take.
“I’m human,” he says. “Permanently.”
“Now Claire can stay with us when she visits,” Cas says, his eyes glittering with hope behind a veil of pragmatism. And that feeling that’s already winding down in Dean suddenly slams back into him with full force: A home, he thinks, is where the people you love can come and visit you.
(to Kara)
Cas comes toward him hesitantly, nearer and nearer until he’s close enough to wipe a tear off Dean’s face with his thumb.
“Dean,” says Sam, pulling back, stepping away to get a good look at him. “You were catatonic, man. You weren’t there. You needed somebody to take care of you.”
Sam blinks so many times in a row that if Dean didn’t know any better he’d think he was glitching.
“Shit,” says Dean. He imagines Cas, who rebelled against the Lord—his own father—and betrayed his siblings, who fell from Heaven, who raised Jack from the moment he was able to do so, back in his old home, technically subservient to his own son. “Must have been kinda weird.”
The next thing he knows, he’s startling awake in the dark, in an otherwise empty bed. He starts to call for Cas but as his eyes adjust, he sees Cas’s shape under the covers in the other bed, totally still. He stays awake just long enough to feel an ache—the loss of Cas from the bed, the worry that Cas hates him, the panic of having done what he’s done at all.
“Well, we’ll just see how quick you go gray, old man.”
But man, I'm tellin' you. It's crazy. It's like, especially since he came back from being dead - I like everything he does. I like looking at him. I don't like thinking about him because it makes me uncomfortable. But when he's there, it's like - it's like everything's good. Even though it's not.
“Are you hungry now?” Dean scoots forward, his knee touching Cas’s. “I didn’t eat either.”
health insurance.
Dean puffs his cheeks out in a long exhale. “Big fuckin’ question, Sammy. No fair.”
I'm attracted to you, Cas. I'm super hot for you. I would like to have sex with you. Sometimes I think it's gonna happen but then it never does, and that's fine, because I don't wanna mess up whatever it is that we have.
Dean’s eyes bug out of his skull.
“What,” Dean grunts. “Just say it.”
Thoughtfully, Cas says, “I’ve tasted many new foods. Mostly greasy.”
“Oh,” says Cas. His voice is so soft that Dean can barely hear it. “Are you sure?”
“Mornin’, angel,” he says, then regrets it. It used to be fine to joke around like that. Now he’s not sure if it is—what he even means by it.
“That’s generally what they’re for,” Dean says, patting Cas’s bicep and smirking. He’s still weirdly strong, but it’s kind of fun to see him reap the consequences of physical labor. It scratches an envious itch in Dean’s barely subconscious masculine complex. It’s also just kind of cute. “Still need to see about gettin’ you some glasses, old man.”
He could stay here, he thought, tiredly. He could stay here and pretend this world was real and die by the side of a Dean who loved him. A Dean who woke him by calling him sweetheart and making him coffee. A Dean who teased their kids and sang happily along to classic rock while cooking dinner for their family every night. A Dean who kissed him goodnight before falling to sleep every evening, and who rarely ever woke screaming anymore.
“Jack…” Cas got to his feet, fear pulsing through him. “Tell me you’re not…”
He looks down at the handprint, and he wonders how he can ever look Sam and Jack in the eye and tell them Dean is gone. Dean is gone because of him. For him. He squeezes his eyes shut, lets the tears fall.
He could vividly recall how confused he had been by the human once. Humans were flawed and fallible and angry and Dean Winchester was too. Yet, Castiel had seen him then. He had seen him and he had been curious about him, because for all the anger and violence and destruction, there had been so much love. So much loyalty. So much damage and self-hatred and Castiel realised he had never really understood humanity at all.
“Jack.” Dean answers like it’s obvious, wiping his hands off on his jeans.
Dean’s words must’ve given away that he had no idea what was going on, because she sighed. “It’s okay if you like him, y’know.”
Claire feigned gagging once more. “Please. You’re old. And my dads. Do you really have to act like horny teenagers in front of me?”
“Babe, it’s me.” His husband said slowly, resting his hand against Cas’s face. “I know this must be confusing for you. But remember our wedding? How Sammy tried to pie me in the face at one point? Remember how I proposed? God, that was lame. It’s all real, Cas. I’m real. We’re real. We are. Please don’t listen to him.”
He could stay with this Dean, with his children, with his home and dog and happy ending.
But then they had needed his help and Castiel had gone back. He had tried to save him, again. Tried to help, again. He told himself he was doing it for Jack, for the world, and he was. But a part of him knew that when push came to shove, he couldn’t just… forget. He would never really be able to turn his back on Dean. Not when it mattered. Not when it was all on the line like this.
“Why are you sorry?” Dean and Cas stared at each other, both seemingly irritated.
“You’re coming back with me.” Jack tells him brightly, as though it’s obvious.
“Butterfly, Bee. That’s a butterfly.”
or whatever, but you seem to make him happy and I… want him to be happy.”
If this was how his freedom had to end, so be it. Dean didn’t want it to end like this, he didn’t want this to be his legacy, but he figured there was some kind of poetry to the whole thing.
“But it’s not fair?” Cas asked. “Yeah, I know.”
“Dean,” Sam’s voice was softer now, more tentative, and he sat beside Dean on the bed. “You know… Dad’s not around anymore and--” He took a sharp breath, like choosing his words carefully, “No one who loves you would care if you did… want to be with him.”
Dean could clearly see Cas wasn’t getting it, because he sighed. “So, when you kissed me…”
He’s adorable, Dean thinks, and that’s where the problem began. Bright blue eyes and a kind heart and an inquisitive mind. He had been so naive to the world when they met, despite his age, and Dean still remembers with fondness the way Cas’ defences slowly chipped away. Nights spent talking or car trips together. He remembers how empty his life had felt whenever they’d lost Cas, how he’d never been able to get over it. He remembers how losing Cas felt like losing a limb, and how he would wake up with the phantom sensation that Cas was still beside him, only to realise he was totally alone.
He knows he’s spent his entire life joking about the fact that there’s no way he’ll ever be free, that he was always going to die young, but there’s a part of Dean that’s always longed for more.
Cas, even as a human, could recognise Dean, who and what he was and wasn’t so easily that it made something inside him ache with guilt.
“It’s just--” He started again, “I thought you were going to be back in Heaven. With the angels or something. With Meg, maybe.”
No one moves, and time seems to stretch on. Cas is still out of breath, and his back hurts from where he was thrown to the ground a few moments before, but he’s also too stunned to move, because he has no idea how this happening or what it means, and a part of him is terrified that he’s going to see Dean’s black eyes or the like again. That had been torture enough at the time, Cas doesn’t need to deal with it again.
“Uh… okay.” Dean took another breath, unsure what to say. “I’m sorry. That you had to give all that up for me.”
“That’s… really sweet, Jo, and I hate to disappoint, but there’s nothing going on. We’re just… I don’t know, we just… get along well, like you said.”
Finally, after what feels like forever, Dean’s eyes fall directly on Cas and he gives a shy sort of smile.
He was too old to be seeking approval, but he supposed that damage never really went away. That was what John had left them with. A fuckton of damage.
“I’ve spent the last ten years listening to people… say awful things to you. Tell you you’re broken. That you never fit in. That you’re… corrupted or… or there’s somethin’ wrong with you. There’s nothin’ wrong with you, Cas. You’re… you’re… you’re kind and loyal and Sammy and I are only alive because of you. A thousand times over. The world… is so much better for having you in it.”
“What the hell happened in there, man?”
When the barn doors swung open, Dean was flashed back to a different time. He remembered Castiel, walking through that barn like a man on a mission. How terrified he had been at the time. Because of the shattering windows and burned out eyes. Because of the fact he was raised at all. He and Bobby were shooting, but nothing was happening. The man just moved closer, and Dean was terrified. Absolutely fucking terrified.
Cas watches in shock as Dean makes short work of the three remaining vampires. The bodies drop with a thud and Dean wipes the machete off on one of their jackets, looking like some distant, badass herculean hero. Cas has always been affected by Dean, but never more so than now. He’s human, fully aware of his feelings for Dean and knows what it’s like to live without him. Knows what it’s like to be human without him.
The truth, he realised, was actually far simpler. Cas and Dean were what each other needed. Two broken, insecure people, who felt that they owed everyone else every piece of themselves, who learned to forgive everyone except themselves.
Dean sat there, staring at Cas for a long, drawn-out moment.
"So get this," he stated, "The empty's door can be opened with one of Rowena's spells and enough power to keep it open."
She looked shocked, "You all never cease to amaze me. You keep fighting even when the odds are against you," She said, deep in thought.
"I guess you're right," Dean smiled, "Happy anniversary, angel." Cas grinned toothily at the nickname. Even if Cas wasn't an actual angel anymore, he'd always be Dean's.
"Anything," He said.
"Dean…I don't know about this—"
The first part of the drive was silent. Dean didn't know what to say, and Castiel didn't know where to start. They had already picked up the pizzas without saying a word to each other. On the drive back, Castiel decided to try to piece together a sentence:
Dean pulled over on the side of the desolate dirt road that led to the bunker, a vibrant, orange sunset blazing through the windshield, giving the two men's silhouettes a warm cast. He was too angry to argue with Cas and drive at the same time. He turned his body to face the angel.
After clearing the details on the plan, Sam and Dean stood up to summon Jack. Dean cleared his throat and licked his lips,
"Is that…real bacon? Or is that your sad, excuse-for-meat, turkey bacon crap?" He asked.
Jack was right about how easy it'd be to get the grace. Since Chuck had been such a terrorist in heaven when he returned, Jack's new reign was looked at as a new, bright beginning. Many angels were happy to give a piece of their grace to save the famous angel Castiel too. Once they got enough for the spell, they teleported back to the bunker. Sam stood over a mortar and pestle, combining various herbs and potions.
"One year with Dean Winchester as my boyfriend…a sentence if you told me a decade ago… I'd probably just stab you with my angel blade out of spite." The table broke out in laughter. They looked like a big happy family, and truthfully, they were. Dean and Cas smiled at each other and leaned into a kiss.
Sam, sensing his presence, said, "I thought I'd cook us some breakfast. We'll need our strength if we're going to pull this off." Dean nodded as he waltzed over to the stove, eyeing the sizzling bacon in the pan.
"The angels were happy to give up their grace. Turns out Jack is one hell of a God." Jack smiled at the approval he felt from Dean.
She went silent. "You all...beat Chuck?"
"Well, Jack, I'd love to help you, and of course, I am happy to give all the advice I can muster now that you're running heaven," He said coyly, "But I--I wanted to ask something of you."
"We should celebrate. We have beers and apple pie in the kitchen. And we could order some pizzas," Sam agreed.
Dean smiled. "There ya go, Sammy, you're becoming a real meat-man!"
The rest chuckled. Of course, Dean was hungry. He was always hungry.
"Hey, Baby," he murmured, running his fingertip across the side of the car. He walked back to the trunk and popped it open to reveal his bountiful collection of weapons. He wasn't sure what would kill The Empty. The lore never specified. So he took a bit of everything. His demon blade and angel blade strapped to his left thigh in a holster, A pocket knife in his back pocket, and a pistol tucked into the back of his jeans, for safe measure. He was about to close the trunk when his eyes caught a glimpse of a bloody bundle of fabric. He unraveled it to reveal the jacket he was wearing the night Cas was killed. Before Cas was taken, he had pushed Dean aside with the bloody hand he'd used to put up the warding against Billie, leaving a bloody handprint. He let out a weary sigh as he traced the stain. It was so weird that the stain he left was a handprint on his shoulder of all places. A few years back, when Castiel had rescued Dean from hell, he had left a scorch mark at the exact same spot on Dean's broad shoulder. Cas had held onto Dean so tight while rescuing him, he'd marked him. Dean smiled, remember Cas' retelling of how he, "gripped him tight and raised him from perdition." He stared at the jacket a few moments more and decided he'd wear it for good luck. It felt like a piece of Cas in some way, and if he'd have to walk into the empty alone, he at least wanted to have a part of someone with him. He didn't even realize Sam was standing in the doorway, smiling at him. "Hey uh…the spell. It's ready." Dean nodded, slamming the trunk and heading off, ready to save his angel.
"There it is, Cas!" They ran faster now, the walls weakening every moment they were there. A bead of sweat rolled down Dean's sharp brow. They finally made it and dove through the opening, collapsing at Jack's feet. Seeing them, Jack fell back, unable to hold the door open anymore. For a moment, they all stared at each other breathlessly. Then Jack crawled over to hug Cas and Dean in an exhausted embrace. He laughed incoherently, which turned into happy sobs.
"You're angry. That's why I didn't want to tell you."
"Look Meg, Empty, whoever the hell you are, I don't know why you can't get your stupid beauty rest, but I'm here to get Cas, end of discussion."
"No...a lot on my mind," Dean answered with a sniff, trying to hide all signs of tears that were there only moments ago. He hated having 'chick-flick' moments.
The familiar patter of his Sam's feet approached. Dean quickly dried his face to avoid any odd looks from his brother. Sam yawned and grabbed another whiskey glass as he sauntered in.
"I can join you, Dean," Cas said, standing up from the table.
Dean looked at Sam with grief-worn eyes and said, "And now he's gone. Because he thought I was worth saving. Because he saw something in me, no one else could! Because something about me was worth loving! And I didn't even say anything back, Sammy! Not even a goodbye. He gave himself to The Empty for me, and I didn't even say a word. Not a damn word!"
Dean's eyes widened, "You did?"
"Yeah, I only slept for an hour or so... I'm glad Eileen, Bobby, and the rest of the hunters are okay but, there's still a lot to think about," Sam said, grasping the whiskey bottle and pouring himself and Dean a glass. Dean hadn't even realized he never poured himself a drink, which was very unusual. He had to get out of whatever this funk was.
"Fine, that rule is...overruled." Sam said chuckling into her lips.
Sam nodded and said, "I doubt Jack has enough strength to pull Cas out of the empty right now."
Cas lay his hand over Dean's, which still held his face, stroking his cheek.
Cas blushed, memories of his confession suddenly flooding back to him, "Dean, I—I had to save you, I didn't know what else to say."
"I'm on it," Sam said, going to work immediately.
"Hello, Dean."
Jack chuckled. "We made it!"
Jack contemplated in his mind for a moment before a small grin covered his face, "You deserve this, Castiel; your wish is my command," Jack said. And with a snap, it was done: Castiel was human.
Castiel did the only thing he could do. He ran; he slammed the door behind him, and ran all the way to Gabriel. “Gabe,” he cried into his brother's shoulder. “I can't do this anymore.” Castiel couldn’t believe how everything was turning against him, even his own brain.
The teenager stifled a sigh and crossed one leg over the other. “I have to find him soon,” Castiel murmured softly. “Before it’s too late.” He kissed the scars gently, and Dean watched a chapstick mark appear on them. He smiled sadly and twirled his pencil in his fingers.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel began to read a book, picked at random, and felt his heart jump a little when letters began to appear on his wrist.
Castiel sat peacefully beside him and watched as Dean opened his letter slowly. His eyes narrowed as Dean began reading.
“I just do,” Castiel bravely pushed Dean's chin up to meet his eyes. “And I know you're upset. Don't lie to me even if I am just a geek.” Dean closed his eyes but Castiel had seen enough. His heart was racing the way Dean's did before a game.
“See, take the condom…. and the banana… and slip it on. Easy peasy, lemon squeezy.” Castiel refused, but the professor just laughed and left him alone for the rest of class. Castiel had been playing on his phone the entire time and got up to leave when he heard the professor speak. “Now, Winchester, why don’t you go talk to him?”
“I was kidding,” Dean quickly responded, softening the glares. “It was just a joke. A test, to see which of you support Norris. I was just testing you guys.” Dean laughed to lighten the mood but the guys expected him to insult Castiel to make up for joking and being so sweet.
“What-”
“I’m sorry I took so long. I wasn’t sure-”
Silence. Castiel realized that the only noise filling his room was his own ragged breathing. 'Castiel, your words are too beautiful. You deserve more than what I have to offer. If you do care, then you’ll write my name.'
The next day, Castiel couldn’t stop focusing on his forearm and he couldn’t stop thinking about Dean Winchester. He wasn’t sure why, because the jock was just a jerk in disguise.
“Hey, Cas-” Dean began, scrambling into the school to find the runaway junior. “I have college courses I need to get to in ten minutes, Winchester. I don’t have the luxury of taking time to talk.” Castiel’s day was already off to a bad start. His father had kicked his brother Lucifer out of the house because he was not only failing his classes and doing drugs but also breaking laws. Castiel knew his brother meant well, but he didn’t believe in rules and often got involved with the wrong people. He knew it wasn’t his brother himself but the people that surrounded him.
Dean swallowed. He couldn’t continue bullying this person, of all people, he just couldn’t. But at the same time, he had been going through so much on his own and with his friends that he couldn’t take being bullied along with Castiel.
Dean took a deep breath, picking up the letter as he exhaled a long sigh.
“Sorry. I just don’t like seeing him so upset.”
It didn’t matter. It wasn’t like he wanted to dance with him anyways.
Dean nodded in understanding and stood back up as the Sheriff walked off to another room. Sam had been wandering around the room meticulously eyeing the house decor. There were pictures of the family down at the beach, a couple of school pictures of the kids, and quite a few bible quotes written on homemade canvases hung on the walls. On the fireplace mantle, there was a glass figure in the shape of a cross.
'The Christmas dance is  in twelve days. If you know who I am, you’ll be there. I won’t show myself until you scribble my name down correctly. First, middle, and last.'
In his hand behind his back, he held a prickly red rose. He beckoned for Castiel to come forward but he seemed surprised Dean had returned so quickly. With a smile, Dean motioned once again and this time Castiel came to him, tilting his head ever so slightly to show curiosity and interest. Dean revealed the rose and handed it to Castiel, who nearly cut himself on the thorns.
'You’re beautiful. I’ve seen you so many times, and each time I look, you become more beautiful. I’m lucky to have you as a soulmate. I’m sorry I can’t tell you who I am. You’d never guess and I may never say. But I want you to know that I really do want you.'
Sam was delighted by Dean’s progress and could even be fooled into thinking Dean was back to himself again.
Dean raised an eyebrow at first and then shrugged. “Well, there’s plenty of lore on ‘em. I’d guess if they are, they don’t like to be involved much.”
Gabriel sat down beside his friends, another director and a few students. He watched and took notes as each person did their part up on the stage of the auditorium. There were a few of his friends, who he found harder to correct and reject than the rest of them. It was easier to critique people he didn’t know well than people he often spoke to. No matter the person, Gabriel was jubilant the whole time, supporting everyone who performed and making their anxiety just a little better. This especially mattered for Castiel, who was met with an even bigger smile than the previous tryouts.
A/N: Thanks for reading! You guys are amazing, I can't believe this book is already past 500 hits!
“What, your constant betrayal to my best friend? Or your current girlfriend??” Charlie asked sarcastically. She kept staring at Dean with raised eyebrows.
“And how the hell do you think I’m supposed to get my booze, boy?” The man stepped closer to Dean, grabbing him by the collar. “Don’t mumble. That is DiSrepECTfuL. When I have to provide food and shelter for you shitheads,” he raged, “and send you to school, never home to clean the fucking house… only to have you treat me like THIS.”
That’ll take my mind off everything.”
Of course, hat thought had been assured wrong when his soulmate gave him answers. Castiel didn’t understand why they couldn’t just exchange names and finally meet. Most juniors had already found one another despite the rules that went along with their lives. Why waste time?
Dean laughed at the mumbled speech. “You know Sammy, you’re right. But it’s a case and we’re going to solve it.” He turned up the classic rock on the radio station and pressed down on the gas as they got onto the highway. Finally, they reached a new town and pulled in front of a perfect white-picket-fence house.
Dean's father had driven himself to drunken depression and because of that he was going to die. In that moment he finally understood what he had to do. He let go of the past, forgave everything anyone had ever done to him and wept more. Castiel was there for him this time, though. Comfortingly hugging him from behind as he cried shamelessly into the pillow. But like a mind reader, Castiel exited the room as Dean decided he was ready.
Sam had tried to push the man away, but it looked like a child versus a truck. His efforts were taking them nowhere. “Don’t touch him!” Sam shouted. Dean’s eyes were both blackened, and Castiel wondered if any bruises would appear on him too. But they didn’t. For some reason, it was only the cuts.  The man pulled Dean up by his arms and spat on his cheek. He didn’t say anything, which as an onlooker, was the scariest part.
“That’s just it, Gabriel…” Castiel began, looking back at his wrist. “I think it’s him. It’s Dean. It’s gotta be him.”
'Yes.'
“Don't you dare blame this on Sammy.” Dean growled in response. “It wasn't anyone's fault. This is what we do. We hunt monsters and that's what we get for doing it.” Castiel was normally attracted to Dean's muscles, especially when he too off all his layers (which was super rare). But right now he could only focus on the fire in Dean's eyes.
‘Yes.’
Dean gasped as the man wrapped his fingers around his throat, while Sam stood anxiously by the corner of the room. He didn’t appear to be strong enough to take on the man. “You could work-”
He didn’t even feel the knife slide into his stomach he had become so numb. The rose dropped out of his fingers, falling into the snow. The rose was just as red as the blood that dripped onto the snow. Castiel’s eyes looked into Dean’s ones with pain and widened at Dean’s smirk. His vision slowly became more blurry until he couldn’t see a thing. Dean pulled the knife out of Castiel’s body, which fell to the ground with a sickening thud. He looked over it and swept it across his tongue, tasting the metallic blood of his soulmate.
“Need some help?” Castiel’s heart got caught in his throat at the sound of a familiar voice.
“Thank you.”
"Cas?"
When he opened his eyes, Castiel felt a mixture of droplets of water and tears stream down his face. He began sputtering and puking up a ton of water, but when he vision cleared, he realized it wasn't on the ground. He Was in someone's arms and that person has a protective hold on him. Somehow the person didn't mind being puked on, and that confused Castiel, but as his heavy breaths became short ones, he decided not to care.
“I want…” Dean took a deep breath. “I want you, Cas.”
“Don't use that! It'll get infected!” Castiel muttered, holding Dean's hand comfortingly. They didn't have any peroxide, so he used soap and water to clean it instead. Then he applied cream and a bandage. When he was finished, he stopped and looked directly into Dean's eyes, nearly saying something he'd regret.  “Why didn't you tell me about this? I could have helped you sooner.”
“Castiel, don't you dare go up to that damned room of yours! Your father and I need to have a talk with you.” His mother yelled at him, realizing her tone as soon as she finished. She contemplated saying something but then noticed that Castiel had an unfamiliar coat draped across his shoulders.
Deeper.
Castiel pushed the worry back down his throat. When his parents had good news, it… wasn't usually good news to him. He took his time changing his clothes and stared at the coat. Now where had he seen it before?? Oh, yeah. It was one of the sports jackets. Anyone who played stupid sports got one of them.
“Yes, you are,” Charlie mumbled under her breath, but Castiel didn’t hear, and if he did he chose not to say anything. Charlie looked down at her rainbow colored school folders and notebooks with cute little labels on them and her twisted headphones that hung on her flannel covered arms. Her red hair was as wavy as ever and it almost halfway matched her band tee.
Sam and Dean wondered where the best place to summon an angel would be. Certainly not the Novaks’ house, not even their basement. It would be too risky. They decided on an abandoned farm shed their dad hid in with them on a shifter hunt.
Castiel looked at the white board and wondered why anyone would ever want to do that many math problems. A few years back, everyone told him he should become a teacher and he’d just smiled, but now that he had gotten older he realized that he didn’t want anything to do with school for any longer than he had to. He enjoyed learning, that was true, but he surely didn’t like going to school and dealing with all the stress.
The Sheriff paused and then nodded, gesturing for the two to come inside. “The vics were killed all around the same time.” He led Sam and Dean to the bodies on the floor surrounded by caution tape. Their eye sockets were blackened by the fire that had burned them, their mouths agape, and bodies were uncomfortably strewn across the floor. But what stunned them even more than the burnt-out eyes were the blackened marks across the floor that looked like wings.
“Since when do you care about technicalities?”
“Well, you did bully him…” Charlie dragged out the end of her sentence much longer than she needed to. “He’s bound to be upset with you. Why would you do that, anyways?” Dean looked down in shame.
'Green eyes?!' Castiel wrote in a scramble. Three clear points appeared on his wrist. His soulmate was apparently speechless and it bothered him. He needed to have a beneficial conversation with the person he is meant to spent the rest of his life with. He only has twelve more days.
Castiel took this pause as an opportunity to scribble on his arm with a marker. 'Yes! I don’t believe this. Of course I care, I will do whatever it takes to help you. I don’t understand why you think that everyone around you gets hurt, but I can assure you, I will not be one of those people. We would be stronger together. Please. There’s still hope for the both of us.'
“But you proved to me that you didn’t,” Castiel chirped happily. Dean shook his head in disagreement and started washing his hair. “But you’re not real, so technically..”
“Soulmates!” Was Charlie’s only response. She quickly led Castiel to the row of bleachers out by the football field. She chose this spot because, one, she had a feeling they’d see Dean out there at some point, and two, it had a clear view of the sky that would help Castiel relax. They waited a moment, and Dean sure enough came out onto the field, but not in uniform like the other football players. He was carrying his uniform in his hands. Castiel didn’t hear any of the words spoken during that conversation, but he knew that when Dean approached the coach and held out his uniform he wasn’t looking to have it cleaned. He was turning it in, and giving up his spot on the team. The coach was very angry and began yelling but Dean only respectfully nodded his head, murmuring something, and walked down to the edge of the field. He didn’t look back, not to even see the look of sympathy on his soulmate’s face.
“Because, Cas,” Charlie began, “She’s not even the popular, know-it-all rude kind of bitch. She’s the nice kind.”
Castiel got really nervous and scrambled up to the window, peeking inside. Since it was chipped in the corner, he could hear what was going on the house and could see since it didn’t have curtains.
“I’m… I’m sure that isn’t true.”
“Of course not.” Dean looked at the other jocks and sighed. “Dude’s a nerd.”
“Hm.” Castiel smiled, nodding as he tossed the towel onto the cement. “It’s up to you,” he added, shrugging. Dean didn’t respond but nodded in return. “I’m surprised Sammy hasn’t showed up yet. He must’ve gotten a ride with a friend or something.”
Dean shrugged and looked down at the buckets of paint. “Hey, I guess I kinda of deserve it, don’t I? For bullying you.”
With the loud knock at his bedroom door, Dean jumped in surprise. He quickly stashed the letter into his back jean pocket and wiped his eyes on his flannel sleeve.
“Oh, er, why don’t I just help? There’s not really much to do until Christmas and I’ve been meaning to find a way to occupy my time.” Dean offered, still avoiding Castiel’s eyes. His fingers wrapped around the top of one of the chairs at the long table.
“Y-yeah, you're right.” Castiel shook off the awkwardness he'd been overcome by and tried to relax under Dean's soft touch. “Would you like to follow me outside?” Dean noticed Castiel's nervous expression. “Obviously not to do anything.”
'Of course. And I’m sorry for being selfish. Damn, it’s not fair. I’ll make you a deal. If you can guess who I am, I will find a way to make it work. No matter the cost.'
“This one just doesn’t make any sense.”
Should I write something back? Castiel wondered, but made sure to keep his mouth shut. He was probably going to squeak like a little girl if he wasn’t careful. He hurried out of the shower and dried himself off, jumping into a shirt. He didn’t bother with pants and brushed his teeth and hair, climbing under the covers of his narrow bed.
He supposed, as far as his life went, he had already had several reprieves. Several times of being brought back, of being given second chances.
He knows, on some level, he’s being ridiculous, but he can’t force himself to calm down, the emotions feel overwhelming, and seeing Dean hasn’t helped. Being so close to Dean hasn’t helped. His skin feels like it burns where he’d pressed it against Dean, where he’d shoved Dean up against the barn wall in his anger. He’s said it before, but he never gave them enough credit for how much it really did suck to be human.
When Dean pulled back, Cas couldn’t bring himself to feel excited or pleased or really anything other than… sort of sad. This couldn’t stay. It wouldn’t last. He saw the way Dean looked at him. He was a friend, most of the time. But sometimes, he was a burden. Sometimes, Dean would go off with some girl from some bar and Cas would be left with Sam, to hang out or go home. Cas never held Dean’s attention long, and he knew that was how it would be.
“Cas’ grace?” Dean cuts in, frowning. “Is he…?”
thanks captain obvious
Being human is hard, he’s known that for some time now, since he’s done it before, for a time. But this is different. Everything’s changed. He knows things now. He raised God, he fell for a human, that human died for him. How can he ever settle back into regular life after that?
Dean blinked back his tiredness, trying to look around. He wasn’t one to rest, not ever, and he needed to know they’d both made it back okay.
He’s helping rebuild Heaven for his son, the nephilim son of Lucifer, so that the angel love of his life and brother could come when they died.
Silence stretched out between them, and Dean chastised himself for caring so much. It was Cas’ decision, and Dean had always been careful not to get attached. He was a man performing a service. This was his job. Cas wasn’t really his friend and certainly not anything more, and he had no right to be assuming to know anything about his position or why he made the choices that he did.
“What does that mean?” Cas asks, and Dean just keeps trying not to lose his nerve.
Castiel’s voice sounded shocked, higher than usual. He had no real idea how he was supposed to feel about any of it. He wanted this, obviously. He’d wanted this for a long time, for over a decade, but it just didn’t feel real. It just couldn’t feel real. Dean couldn’t possibly love him back. After all this time… After everything.
“I am in love with you, Castiel. Angel or human or… baby in a trenchcoat, I am in love with you.” It felt terrifying, to have his heart on his sleeve like this, but Dean figured he’d earned it. Forty years of caring so much about everyone else that he never even allowed himself to consider anyone else.
“Michael will notice,” Cas says slowly, “But I’ve told him my grace is fading.” He pauses, sighing, “It’s not untrue, but it’s nowhere near gone yet. Perhaps we can… let him believe it was just… gone.” He takes a deep breath, figuring if he has to part with his grace, this is the right reason.
But the truth was that Cas had no idea if Dean wanted him there.
“Can Deanie come sit with us?” It was another stage whisper, and one Dean pretended not to hear, not glancing back in the direction of the King and his little brother.
But still, he hadn’t really been alone with Cas since it all happened, and they hadn’t had much time to talk. Any, really. Dean had about a thousand questions, but he had been trying hard to steer clear of the worst topics.
Dean said that the handprint had made him Cas’, and now, here it is, on Cas. One last, bloody, temporary reminder that Dean Winchester was ever alive at all, that he had ever looked at Cas with so much love and loyalty and pain.
“And do you like it?”
“Don’t know.” Sam said, his tone clipped, like he was hoping Dean would drop it.
Cas doesn’t really want to look at the barn. It’s too familiar. He remembers turning up here last time. Remembers Dean’s guarded stance. He remembers seeing him, up and walking and real for the first time, remembers noting his green eyes and his bow legs. He remembers realising that Dean didn’t want to be saved, didn’t think he deserved it, and he remembers being taken with him from that point on. At first, it was just fascination for Cas. But it became more; the more he saw of Dean, the more enamored he became. Dean wasn’t just a person, he wasn’t just a human, he was a hero. A man full of love and selflessness and self-hate. He was trying so hard to make people happy and Cas went from fascinated to infatuated to in love relatively quick. Quicker than he consciously realised.
“Yeah.” He nodded slowly, avoiding Dean’s eyes. “They wouldn’t let me in here unless I was… immediate family. I didn’t want to say I was your brother, so I... “ He paused, “I apologise if…”
Cas answered with a sigh in his voice. He was barely restraining himself from rolling his eyes by the looks of it. “I’m sorry because my family are all absolutely insane and I didn’t prepare you enough for that.”
He gave them a home, and he hoped that that would be enough. That one day, the Winchesters could happily call this a home too.
“And yet, you still have a profound bond.” Rowena told him, her sarcasm verging on dangerous as she stared him down. “It’s you or nobody, boy-o, so you may as well suck it up.”
He watched Not-Dean and Cas exchange a look (though he couldn’t actually see Cas’s expression well enough) and then Cas spoke. “Come on, Claire. We’re having a family Christmas Dinner.”
“You knew?” Cas blanks; how did Sam know and he didn’t?
“They do when they nearly die by having the life force sucked out of them, apparently.” Rowena’s voice was getting less fond and more annoyed, and Dean took that as a cue to shut up.
He thought of Sammy, and how his brother had only ever wanted a family and a normal life. A career. Sure, it was still weird not to live in the same place anymore, but it was a good weird. Sammy who had believed he was a monster. Who had fought for himself even through his own insecurities. Sammy who had been molded by God and by their father just like Dean. He watched Sammy now, the absolute giant looking lovingly into his pregnant wife’s eyes. The boy who overcame the demon blood. The boy who fought against Lucifer. One of the men who stopped God. A husband. A father. A man with a life. A man with the life he always wanted.
This wasn’t that. They weren’t an epic, fantastical, destiny-build story written by the Father himself.
tried to prepare me for them. I knew it wasn’t going to be good. I’m sorry for getting into it with your Mom. Or… starting to, anyway.”
Fuck, it all hurts to say. It hurts Dean to force the words out, to force the bravery to explain, but he’s no poet, and he’s trying.
He felt a deep pang of longing, and put that into the box for things to deal with later.
Cas, Dean and Jack go for a picnic.
“Dean, too.” Cas can’t help but add the words. It’s wrong-- Dean should be here. Dean should be standing by Cas’ side right now. His heart breaks just thinking about it, and he’s positive his father knows. About Dean’s confession, about Cas’ love.
“Are you being purposefully obtuse?” Sam snapped right back at him, “You know what I’m asking you.”
The man who Jack mimicked and imitated, desperate to be like him.
Now they’re both crying, and it takes a moment for Jack to speak again.
“Dean didn’t kill him…?” Castiel suspected he was giving something away with this question, but then, Castiel didn’t actually know what Dean had told him. Maybe Jack knew already. Maybe he wouldn’t read anything into the question at all. After all, in the past, Dean was usually the one to take charge in such a way. He never wanted the burden of doing something so hard to be on Sam or Cas or Jack, he would rather take all that burden and blame and guilt on himself. That was something Chuck had known since the very beginning.
Dean blanked for a moment, blinking at the other man. “Wait, was that… was that a serious proposal?” He asked, having thought it was a throwaway comment.
He found his way into their closet, sure enough, two sets of clothes. Flannels. Trenchcoat. Dean’s purple nightgown he got after the Scooby Doo fiasco.
Every time, Cas feels like he’s going to tear his hair out.
“Dinosaurs are my favourite.” He answered like it was obvious, shaking his head at Dean. Dean had to restrain from laughing, knowing that Jack was taking this very seriously and laughing at it might hurt the kid’s feelings.
Dean blinked, cottoning on to what she was saying. “Oh… Jo, no, it’s not--”
Cas doesn’t want to say the words. They were too vulnerable, and he’s too afraid to put it into the world. He still feels like it can’t be true. Like he must have misunderstood.
He can hear Dean’s voice in his head, over and over again, like he’s really there. ‘I love you’. It’s possible, he supposes, that Dean didn’t mean it that way, but Dean doesn’t do anything by halves. Dean, as Cas had once told Jack, feels things more acutely than any human being he’s ever known. He would rarely overstate his own feelings, if ever.
“Okay… well, if it is more than that… I’d be happy for you both.”
“How do we get out of here?” Cas asked the real Dean, gravely.
Dean heard his own voice calling from downstairs. “Honey, I’m home.” It was way too quick for Not-Dean to be back, which Dean took as confirmation it was working. The world was trying to adapt, trying to pull Cas back in. Dean. Dean was the trick to it all.
He wasn’t sure he knew how to feel heartbreak, but he’s sure now that he can. Maybe angels weren’t supposed to love, but maybe that was the crack in his chassis. Because he sure as hell loves Dean. He’s loved Dean since he first put him back together. Since he first stitched him back up. He had been expecting an entitled, childish, violent, angry creature. Instead, he’d gotten Dean. Instead, Cas had found a man who had done nothing but fight for those he loved since infancy. A man who had been convinced he didn’t matter. A man filled with hate and with doubt and with anger and sadness and so, so much love.
“Sometimes.” Dean answered quietly, smoothing down Jack’s hair as it flew wildly in the wind, which had been steadily picking up while they spoke. “I’ve had bad jobs before. Protecting corrupt politicians and asshole musicians.” He clapped a hand over his mouth, but Cas only waved him off, not too upset Dean had said that in front of Jack. So Dean went on talking, “Those ones weren’t as much fun. But some of them have been good. I’ve grown to really like and respect some of the people I’ve worked for. And sometimes they have cute siblings.” He teased without thinking, smiling down at Jack, who was playing with his truck distractedly.
“She had a way of calling him on his shit, which, as you all know, we Winchester brothers need sometimes. Anyway, I don’t want to go on for too long, I’m not much for speeches and it’s not really appropriate to do a Braveheart speech here, so I’ll keep it short and sweet.”
Dean had said peace looked like their family, sitting on the beach, finally relaxing, nothing to hunt, just freedom. Sam wasn’t here yet, and Jack had things he had to do in Heaven, but Castiel figured this was as good a place to wait as any for the day they would all be together again.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas was there in a blink, sort of wishing he wasn’t, but knowing it was an inevitability. That they’d have to talk eventually.
Dean nods slowly, “And when Cas and Sam die…?”
Cas sees himself out, figuring this was his only real part of the plan. This is, essentially, what he hoped would happen. He wouldn’t have been mad is Sam had hit him, he knows Sam is struggling. That he’s weighed down by it all as much as Cas himself is, but when Cas settles into Dean’s bed that night, he finds that he can barely find the smell at all. He finds that the room feels emptier somehow, and the weight on his heart feels far heavier.
“No, I really did.” Dean answered, gruffly, shaking his head. “Your family are fucking
There were other factors, the brainwashing, thousands of years worth of believing he wasn’t capable of such feelings, but ultimately, it always came back to the same point.
“And why is Jo a kitty?” He asked, glancing up at Jo, whose shoulders he could see shaking as she looked away, not acknowledging the conversation.
“He sleeps in our bed,” Cas says, then immediately reddens and stairs at the ground.
Not-Dean stepped a little closer to Cas, a flirtatious expression Dean recognised on his face. God, he’d gotten old. He used to be able to do that and stop traffic. Now he was just an old, broken hunter.
Nearly nothing. Miracle sleeps beside him in Dean’s bed, and Cas wonders how long it’ll take for the smell of Dean to fade away.
“I didn’t know… what to expect.” He finished.
But then he heard that familiar voice in his ear, and it felt like his heart stopped.
Rowena was right. It had to be him who came in here.
“Yes, well, you could’ve said something before you were going to die too, Dean. And you did say I was like your brother once.”
Jack and Claire? Was he in the right place? Maybe Cas was still a full Angel who helped Heaven, but visited his kids. That was kind of nice, Dean thought, still bracing himself for the impact.
It had barely been a week when Jack told him.
“You turned your back on everything. On Heaven. You gave up everything, time and time and time again, for us. For a bunch of humans that would be gone in the blink of an eye for you. You-- you always showed up for us, even when we didn’t deserve it. You’re the only real best friend I’ve ever had. The only person who ever made me feel like I was… as important as Sam.” Maybe others had tried, but Cas was the only one to succeed. “You are… filled with so much bravery, and love, and compassion and…” Dean curls his fists at his side, trying to find it in him to say the one thing he’s been trying to say all along.
“I’m sorry, Dean.” He can hear the words in his ears, but they’re not quite reaching him. “I was supposed to be your guardian angel. I was supposed to watch over you. All this time I’ve spent trying to make things better, and all I’ve done is make it worse.” He’s talking more to himself than to Dean, but Dean is barely listening anyway.
He wouldn’t be a hunter now, but maybe that was a relief. In the end, he hadn’t really wanted that anyway. He had wanted freedom and a life, and, although this wasn’t how he would’ve wanted it, he would be forced into it now.
“Chuck. We stopped him. It’s done.” Dean blinks a few times, confused. He waits for Jack to elaborate.
Dean stared into his eyes, trying to classify the feelings he could see in the other man, trying to make sense of them.
This was the real Dean. Cas knew it right down to his core. To the very depths of his heart.
Still, “I’m sorry.” Dean forced out, no one else saying a word.
“We get it, you’re a very stupid married couple that took twelve years to realise you were married. Can we leave now?” Sam’s grumble sounds far off, and neither can see him in the dark, which means he probably can’t see them either, but he’s definitely heard their bickering.
Sam shrugged, “He left hours ago. Pretty much as soon as he recovered.”
“To raise you.” Jack’s brows furrowed slightly, as though that were obvious. “I need your help.”
Dean had spent his entire life fighting for his freedom and for the freedom of his family and then, all at once, he had lost it. Dean had deserved so much more, had deserved so much better, and it broke Castiel’s heart.
Dean looked ahead of himself as they walked. Benny and Jo flanked them, Jo walking hand in hand with Jack, and while Dean was dressed just the same as them, complete with sunglasses and royal guard badge, he walked with Cas as if they were friends, as if they were going on this picnic together, rather than Dean overseeing Cas and Jack going on a picnic, which was what it actually was.
The fifth person at the table was the one Dean didn’t know. Probably because the fifth person at the table was an infant. A small child in yellow overalls and a little white shirt underneath. He looked to be maybe three or four, and happily grinned at other Dean, who picked a bit of food off his plate and gave it to the child.
“Let me clarify.” Dean cleared his throat, his voice sounding scratchy, maybe from emotion. He was loath to ever admit it. But he’d spent his entire life feeling as though to show emotion was to show weakness. That came from John, and Dean knew that it wasn’t right. That it wasn’t good. He knew the inability to express emotion that had been drilled into their family had only been a part of the dark, twisted obligation they all felt. They were meant to save people. They were never meant to be a burden.
man. You know how I told you I hate royals? They’re what I was thinking of. Maybe with the exception of Samandriel, he seems okay. Everyone else was so… weird. It was like they were testing me, but I had no idea what I was being tested on. And then your mother basically outright accused me of…” He trailed off, shaking his head.
Yay, we're at the end!! I hope you guys enjoy everything that happened in this story and that it did justice to Reafre's incredible artwork, which I cannot praise enough!
Cas barely had time to process what was happening or what Dean was saying when Dean’s hands were on his face and his lips were against his and Cas had no idea how he was meant to breathe because his heart was too busy trying to beat all the way out of its chest and if he wasn’t convinced before that this was really Heaven, he was now.
The second Chuck’s eyes land on him, Cas can feel it. The slight smirk on his face, the knowing look. He knows-- he knows what happened. How they got rid of Billie, what Dean said. He knows and he’s looking at Cas with that smug expression. He’s happy about this. Maybe this is his writer's ending. Sam’s brother, Jack’s father, the love of Cas’ life. Dean means too much to them all and he knows it. To let them all fade into nothing riddled with guilt and helplessness, with no family, no friends, and no one left to save.
“No.” Cas answered instantly.
Scarred, bow legged, ageing, lined, with blood staining his clothes. Despite all that, Cas can’t think of anything he’s ever seen that’s more beautiful than this. Dean, living and breathing, back in the world.
“I would’ve thought you would want to be the first person in there to save Cas. You’ve never hesitated on trying to save him — or anyone else for that matter — before.”
Dean’s jaw drops. Between Cas, Sam and him, none of them ever had good fathers. Should they really have been allowed to raise God? That couldn’t be good. He can’t find words, so Jack continues.
“Oh.” Cas looked worried, and Dean wondered if he’d taken the wrong step.
“Cas…?” He calls, looking around for some sign of the angel he fell in love with so long ago.
He found himself trying to prove to the human that he did deserve to be saved. At first, he did it out of faith. If his father believed that this man deserved to be saved, then he did. And Castiel would make sure that His will was done, that Dean was safe and the gospels of Winchester -- though Castiel knew nothing about the course that would take -- would be written out.
Cas is gentle with his response, “It’s not the same.”
“I love you, Cas.”
Dean raised Sammy. Dean raised himself. Dean gave up everything for everyone again and again. If his last act of true happiness is being in love with an angel, finally owning both his sexuality and his heart, then so be it. Actually, he thinks it’s weirdly poetic.
It was only a few moments later that Miracle bounded onto the bed, dropping happily into Dean’s arms. Dean had been gone for months at this point, yet Miracle didn’t care any. Miracle didn’t know a damn thing had changed. Miracle’s Dad was back, and he was happy.
“I’ve already told you.” Cas’ voice sounds lower than usual, more gravelly. He’s sure it’s because he’s been crying, and though he knows Dean would be drinking right now, Cas greatly regrets that he isn’t fully human yet. He’d even consider getting rid of his grace, except that he knows he’ll probably need it at some point. He knows they need to be at full strength, and right now, they’re not. Not even a little. Sam seems to be going blindly through the motions, and Cas thinks he’s basically a powder keg. Jack has receded into himself, barely speaks to either of them. Cas knows he blames himself.
“Heya, Cas. You uh, get my message…?”
“What?” Cas asked, brows furrowed. His confusion reminded Dean of how he had been in the beginning, and that only made Dean laugh more. The realisation of how far they’d truly come. Of how much had truly changed in the end.
“What?” Cas asks him, turning to face Dean. Dean is momentarily terrified beyond words, but he reminds himself of why he’s doing this. It’s for Cas. He’s sure now. This is what true happiness is.
“He said he had to be truly happy for the Empty to come for him.” Cas’ jaw is set, and he can’t bring himself to look in Sam’s eyes any longer. Sam picks halfheartedly at the edge of his blue flannel, it’s too short for his wrists, and it takes Cas a moment to realise it’s not Sam’s flannel. It’s Dean’s, he’s seen him wear it at least fifty times over the past ten years.
“A few more weeks and I’ll be able to leave this place. Thanks to you.” He managed again, “I really thought it was over in that barn. I really thought that was it…”
Sam chuckles and walks off down the hall, presumably to his own bedroom, leaving the two of them, plus this random dog, to settle whatever just happened. “Better go check on Eileen.” He tells them as he walks away, and Dean is momentarily distracted by the realisation that she’s living here with his brother. He’s relieved, and happy, but he can deal with that tomorrow.
Dean shrugged, “She’s yours now anyway.”
“Our bed?” Dean asks, brows raising. He tries to keep his expression straight, tries not to let on that he’s holding in a smile, but not much about Dean is straight, so he winds up with a crooked grin on his face anyway.
Every time he does it, Dean convinces himself this time will be different. He’s over it now, and he’s not a kid anymore, he knows that sometimes things don’t work out and it’s his responsibility to move on. But then he sees Cas again and it all goes to shit.
Cas has tried, more than once, to get Jack to bring Dean back. Jack always says the same thing.
Dean looked around at his family, then up at his… fiance, and he thought about how far they’d come. How far Dean was from the twenty-six year old boy too scared to ask his brother for help. The twenty-six year old boy who felt that he had to be who his father wanted him to be. Who felt that he could never be anything except a hunter. Who felt that he had nothing to offer the world.
Dean waits, patiently, trying to tell himself that if Cas doesn’t feel the same way, he can deal with that. That surely he’s dealt with worse heartbreak. Of course, romantic rejection isn’t something Dean’s had a lot of, but this isn’t some girl at a bar. This is Cas. This is his best friend. This is the person who gripped him tight and raised him from perdition.
“The truth.” Sam says. When Cas looks up at him, really looks at him, he realises Sam looks exhausted too. He has deep, dark circles under his eyes that Cas has never seen so bad on him before, even in years of suffering. His eyes are set on Cas with intensity, but there’s something to them. Like he’s holding back in some way.
Jack rarely came to visit these days, he was too busy, but this was something of a special occasion. And what other person could say God had come to their wedding? As their son? Literally?
There was a time, when Cas was human, that Dean thought maybe. But then Cas had gone on another date, and Dean gave up.
“I made a deal with the Empty.”
When they were in purgatory, Dean had finally gotten control of his feelings enough to say something. Enough to apologise.
There are more vampires than they realised there were going to be, and things go south relatively quickly. Sam is unconscious in the corner and while they’ve taken out more than half of the vampires, it’s still Cas vs three of them now.
“You said you wanted to talk?” Really, it should probably be Cas to talk, but he couldn’t bring himself to. He focused on staying stoic, on not giving anything away, looking at Dean.
Hope you guys are enjoying the story xx
Dean felt his heart melt in his chest, as he had no idea how to answer. He didn’t know what to say, how to say thank you for that, so he merely smiled brightly. “And why are you a flutterfly?” He asked, watching as Cas rolled his eyes.
Dean waited another minute or two before he decided that he had to figure out what was going on in there. He looked at the wall, trying to figure out if he could scale it. Eventually, he decided he probably could, but that it would be a lot of work, and would be hard to keep it quiet.
shes not a queen. and cas likes me so id like to see her try.
Dean couldn’t help it. A laugh spilt out through his lips and once it was out, he couldn’t stop.
The barn.
“What the fuck was that?” Dean asks, because despite Sam’s shrug, he figures Sam probably understands better than he does. After all, Sam has been with human Cas for months now, while Dean was with Jack in Heaven.
“I’m sorry, Sam.” Cas begins, “I’m so sorry, I didn’t want him to-- but I didn’t realise what he was trying to do until it was too late and I didn’t-- I didn’t even know he felt that way.” Cas stumbles over his own words, trying to explain to Sam. Trying to let him know that he never would’ve wanted this. That he would have preferred it be him than Dean, every time.
Over time though, the relationship took form. Switched and changed before Castiel’s eyes. He wasn’t sure at what point he had come to actually care about Dean, or at what point that ‘care’ had turned into something else entirely, something Cas didn’t even know he was capable of feeling. He wasn’t sure at what point the protectiveness in the name of his faith because the protectiveness in the name of Dean himself. He wasn’t sure at one point he began to care about Dean just for the sake of caring.
Cas had rebuilt Dean from the ground up, put his soul back together with sticky tape and string. He knew everything about Dean, yet Dean was constantly surprising him. Even at his worst, his angriest, his most defeated, he was still… beautiful.
“You and Cas, you were the first real act of free will.”
Cas feels like he’s going to throw up. He’s not actually capable of throwing up, even with his grace fading, but he still feels ill. It’s an emotional illness, and he knows that, because he hasn’t really been an angel for a long time.
Dean was still trying to make sense of the fact that he was alive at all, he had been sure he was as good as dead in that place. He had been sure it was the end. In fact, he had been sure that seeing Cas at the end had been no more than his imagination, no more than a desire to be back with him. To get to properly answer him. To get to make things right.
Time changed all things. Castiel didn’t look like that now though. He was red faced and panicked, looking around desperately and running when he saw Dean.
Sam smiles when he catches sight of him, stretching out at the breakfast table, a piece of toast in his mouth.
He could see Sam texting and he wanted to ask, but then Sam was by his side again, the nurse was gone, and he was trying to catch Sam’s frantic and urgent words in his ear.
He hates to leave Cas alone now— but Cas doesn’t love Dean the same way. He isn’t capable of that. Dean has long since made his peace with that.
It took a few more moments for Dean to figure a way in. It was probably incredibly stupid, but so was what he was doing, so…
Cas leaned back away and they had far more success the second time.
Jack looks tired too, worse for wear, and he carries a little cup of coffee, indicating he’s been to the kitchen before coming here.
‘I love you.’
“Hello, Mr Winchester. It’s nice to finally meet you. Your brother and husband speak very highly of you.” Dean’s eyes flickered over to Cas, who looked weirdly sheepish despite his obvious worry. “I don’t know how much you remember about your accident. I don’t want to go into the specific trauma of what happened, but I do have to discuss with you the aftermath of what happened.”
“Of course.”
“Oh.” Dean nodded.
Cas shot him a smile, “Is it still a no-no if your brother told me he would steal my car keys if I didn’t ask you tonight?”
“I know.” Dean nodded, “I’m just… psychin’ myself up for it, I guess. Not really thrilled to have to see the Angels again.”
She went on talking, but Dean didn’t really hear it. His mind was reeling from what he’d just heard. Severed spinal cord. Coma. Never walk again.
Dean had spent the better part of fifteen years trying to figure out exactly how to take ownership of his own feelings. He thought he got it now. He could’ve been gone. Really, truly gone. He might never have seen Miracle again. He might have missed out on Sam and Eileen’s inevitable wedding. He might never have gotten to explain to Cas how he felt about him. How he properly felt, beneath all of his bullshit attempts to cover it in seven layers of flannel and friendship.
“I’m on board,” Sam called back and Dean frowned, shaking his head.
Sam pressed his lips together. “The last time I spoke to her, she was good.” He spoke quietly and Dean’s eyes narrowed in suspicion. “I haven’t, uh, I haven’t seen her in a while.”
“You’re not going to die in here,” Dean mutters under his breath, watching as Cas wards the door, tries to keep Billie from coming in, from getting to them. They don’t have time to wait, Dean knows it, and the best he can hope for is for Cas to make it out of this. For Cas to be there to be a father to Jack and a brother to Sam.
None of them is particularly wonderful at expressing their feelings. Sam’s probably the best at it, which doesn’t say anything good for any of them.
“Uh… if this was a chick-flick…” Dean repeats, shifting a little closer to Cas on the car, turning his body so that he’s facing Cas, who is still looking straight ahead. “I would…” He reaches out, one of his calloused hands resting gently on the far side of Cas’ face, the side he couldn’t see, gently turning it to face him. “And then…” He leans in closer, his breathing heavy. He’s not sure he was even this nervous for his first kiss, but he’s not going to bitch out now. He’s already done the hardest part, right? Cas knows Dean loves him. Only a breath away from Cas, he pauses, giving the new human time to stop him if he wants to.
“Fuckin’ eavesdropper.”
Oh, right. Cas had kissed this Dean, when he thought it was the other Dean. He’d sort of blocked that from his mind, not entirely by accident. He kept his eyes on Dean, whose own seemed to fall under the weight of Cas’ gaze.
Dean Winchester, a kid who had been trying to protect everyone else and save the world since he was four years old, gone from nothing to one of the hunters who defeated Chuck… It was surreal.
It was… normal. Pure normalcy. Humanity, in the middle of nowhere, in the snow, at Christmas.
“When you left, I…” He moves to pick the dog up, holding it out towards Dean. It sniffs at him, then licks Dean’s face happily. Dean pulls a face, but even he has to admit, the dog is downright adorable. Cas obviously knew he would have this reaction too-- no way was that an accident. “I started sleeping in your room. You were gone and I didn’t know what to do. Miracle here… He sleeps with me. I think that’s why he likes you. He’s used to your smell.”
And while he did truly care about Meg, he realised now it had never been the same type of care. That it probably never would be, because Castiel didn’t think he was capable of loving anyone more than he loved Dean. Dean wasn’t just a human he’d fallen for, he was it for Castiel. There never could be more.
Jo waved him off, shaking her head, “Not what I was going to say.”
But Dean figures after everything, there’s too much water under the bridge for them to ever really abandon each other. To ever even want to abandon each other. Cut, bleeding and falling apart, Dean and Cas have always found their way back to each other somehow.
But no, he’s not.
Cas just blinked at him for a moment, then slowly nodded his head. “No, I didn’t know. But… thank you for telling me.” It wasn’t exactly the reaction Dean was expecting, but he figured they were all still on edge. That things were still complicated and difficult.
They’re going to die in here. Dean can feel it, creeping up into his bloodstream like ice. The inevitable knowledge that this is the end. That there’s nothing else, no other plan, no way out. Cas is all burned out on angel mojo, and it’s all Dean can do not to collapse into himself there and then.
Sam frowned at Dean, as though he knew what he was doing. And, sure, Dean was willing to use any card in his hand. He felt very strongly that anything he could say or do to make Sam stop spiralling and live was worth doing.
Dean nodded, “I figured that, you’re always here. When are you going to see her again?” He asked with as much gentleness as Dean ever could muster.
Dean stands there, breathing heavily. He looks different, is dressed differently from how Cas last saw him, which undoubtedly means he’s seen Jack, who has cleaned him up. Still, he looks like himself, as if no time has passed at all.
Cas was too lost in this moment though, and as he turned, Dean caught his lips in a quick kiss. Years passed, but Cas never got used to it. Never got used to being so close to Dean, to being allowed to reach out and touch him, to Dean wanting to hug him like this, wanting a family with him.
“I thought maybe… it was a world in which… you hadn’t lost everything.” Dean explained, “Because of us, I mean. That’s what I thought I was walking into… I had no idea…”
Castiel was still staring at him, and Dean didn’t know what he was meant to add to that. He couldn’t be any clearer, green eyes staring into Castiel’s blue ones, waiting for something, some sign that he understood or believed or was still awake even.
The chances of the four of them making it out of this alive were always slim, but Cas thinks Sam is repressing it. Maybe he’s thinking he can deal with losing Dean once all this is over. Maybe he’s even planning to try to get him back somehow. If he is, Cas wishes Sam would tell him, because he’d want to be part of that plan. No matter what it is. Cas can’t leave Dean dead. He can’t. Not now especially.
“I love you.”
He feels something reignite in his bones and he gets to his feet, suddenly feeling alive again. His feelings are still flying all over the place, out of his control, far outside his comprehension of his own new human feelings. Of his grief and relief and fear.
There was a certain poetic irony to it, Dean thought. Hiding in the closet while Not-Dean and Cas talked in the room outside.
Dean wanted the breathing tubes off him, he wanted to be able to talk, wanted to be able to ask questions. Ask what happened to him, ask how he was saved. How they even got away from that barn that night. Whether the children they had been trying to protect were safe.
After that kiss, Castiel felt conflicted and stared at the sunset on the back porch. Dean’s kiss lingered on his lips, just a faint-like ghost of a memory almost to great to be true. He wanted to experience the sensation again. But the person who had kissed him wasn’t always kind and compassionate. He was a bully, blocked by his own selfish needs and desires.
Castiel tried to accustom himself to Dean’s harsh attitude but found it more difficult than he thought. “Where are you going?” He asked, confused. It was still lunchtime, but in a matter of minutes it would be time for their next class. “Doesn’t matter.” Dean murmured.
Sooner rather than later the Winchesters were both in the Impala, with Sam in the driver seat. You know something's definitely wrong when Dean lets me drive, Sam thought awkwardly. He assured his brother that he knew where to go amd Dean had thrown him the keys without hesitation.
The rest of them didn’t have a clue what they were doing with their lives- especially Castiel. He was unnecessary to them and wished he could just disappear.
“But he’s hella dreamy,” Charlie commented after observing him. She then saw Lisa Bradbury hanging on his shoulder. “Oh, for a lesbian like myself I feel weird saying this but he’s much dreamier than that bitch.”
Castiel had an odd thought at Dean’s familiar sounding sentence, but dismissed it as unimportant. “No, it’s my pleasure.” Castiel grabbed the other towel and wiped off the paint.
Dean's mind filled with memories of the night of the dance. He believed it was those memories which faded Castiel's memory so quickly. He didn't finish his sentence because Castiel was gone.
Dean Winchester continued to read what his phone told him about outcasts but didn’t dare say any of it out loud to Castiel. “...But his heart is mature, calm and kind. He never really does anything big for himself, and most of the things he does are for other people. He's just misunderstood, and people hate him for no reason. He's usually the victim of every negative stereotype and rumor.” (Urban Dictionary)
“Damn it, Charlie, will you shut up and listen?” Dean finally cracked. Charlie was honestly surprised the popular jock even knew her name. “Okay, go on but-”
“Yeah, but Dad could never afford it.” Dean shrugged and shut his door, walking around the front of the car to the other side. Dean’s suit was crisp and neat-- he had taken both of theirs to the dry cleaner a few days before they found the case. He had grown a bit of stubble on his face and his eyes had a mature glint that made him look years older.
'I’ve just thought of something. Tomorrow would give you twelve days to figure me out. On each day, I’ll give you a hint, okay?'
Castiel dropped the pen on his bed with a sickening thud into the cushion. What was he going to do?? 'I’m so sorry, I don’t know your name. What will you do now?'
A/N: Okay I've got a few things to say now :P
His heart rate increased rapidly. Castiel had a sickening thought. How did his soulmate know his name?
'Yes, Cas. I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for you. So… I decided to give this little game a try. If you don’t figure it out… That’s alright. I’m pretty sure they assign people new soulmates when their old ones are gone.'
“I’m not saying that isn’t true, but how do you know he isn’t a good person?” Charlie asked in deep thought. She ate some of her food during the long moment when Castiel couldn’t figure out anything to say. “He’s been bullying me, Charlie. Of all people, why the hell me?”
“I LOVE YOU.”
“Yeah?”
Dean was shocked at first, allowing Castiel to do most of the work. But it was such a slow kiss that there wasn't really much work anyways. It was passionate, of course, but not lustful. A perfect first kiss in Castiel's opinion. He was just surprised at himself for being the one to initiate it. Very proud, but definitely surprised.
I'm so lucky to have met you. . . .
Tears fell down Lisa’s cheeks, but Charlie couldn’t hear any crying noises. It made it even sadder, knowing that she kept it all bottled up away from everyone. “Y-yes, Dean, I’ll be okay..” Lisa wiped her tears on her yellow colored sleeve and looked up at him with big, sad eyes. “Will you at least let me have one more kiss?” Dean smiled softly, for he knew it was the least he could do when Lisa had taken the break up so strongly, and caressed her cheek.
"And I love you, Cas," Dean said, pulling him back into a kiss. This time, the kisses were fiercer and faster. Dean pushed his hand into Castiel's black hair, and the angel pulled him closer by the hem of his jacket. That sense of longing returned to the pit of Dean's stomach like a fire inside of him. Dean yanked on his tie, and Cas made a hoarse growl into Dean's lips. He bit Dean's bottom lip to signal his approval. Dean smiled as he began to unbutton Cas's starchy white shirt. With their tear-stained faces, the happy pair fell into another bout of sloppy, giggly kisses.
"You're alive. You're both alive," Jack said incredulously.
"We never leave family behind," he said solemnly.
They both looked a bit startled at the word love.
"Dean..?" Sam could tell whatever Cas did was really hurting him, "What did he say?"
"What the hell, Cas?"
Sometime later, Cas and Dean found their way back to the bunker.
"Like we knew you would be," Sam added.
As if Sam could read his thoughts, he said, "Unless you don't...want to?" He knew Dean always took things that happened with Cas personally; maybe it had something to do with their 'profound bond' Cas always brought up.
"Hey, no talking crap about the Winchester-surprise, and no, it's burger night," Dean said, laying an arm around Jack's shoulder, both smiling.
"You'll need some from heaven." He concluded.
"Better now you're here," she cooed, "But you stink. Go wash up," He chuckled.
Dean reached over to hold Cas's face in his palm, wiping away a stray tear with his thumb.
"Hunger is a danger Cas, you want me going hungry?" He asked jokingly.
"Cas, hey, can you hear me?" Dean shook the angel's shoulders, but Cas did not budge. He cupped his face in his palms.
"I couldn't leave you here, Cas, I could never. Damnit, I'm so happy you're okay." He said, pulling back to look at Cas's face.
After a few minutes, Jack whooshed down. "Sorry, God-duties are keeping me busy. What are we having? Not the Winchester-surprise, I hope?"
"Come on!" They both laughed but headed inside anyway.
"You know what I just realized?" Dean started, "It's been one year since the end of the world."
Dean composed himself, "Well, I'm glad you got to see them. I'm glad you got to make amends." He said, "But what I'm trying to tell you, Jack is…What I said, what I've put you through...you don't deserve that, and I'm truly sorry. You mean so much more to me than you will ever know. You're family."
They hugged their son back. Eventually, Sam joined them, and they all were hugging and crying into one another on the floor of the bunker.
Suddenly, Cas's face muscles stiffened before his eyelashes fluttered open, revealing those cobalt blue eyes which perfectly matched his tie. He had that familiar, confused look on his face. Dean feeling the sudden stiffening of muscles, lifted his head up. He looked at Cas with wide eyes before yelling, "Oh, my go—Cas! You're — you're alive!"
"Tell me about it.." Dean said nonchalantly.
Dean thought about how much he loved his life at this very moment. Everyone at this table, he loved. And they were happy. The world wasn't always in danger, and they were all together. He thought back to a year ago, how lost he was. He thought about that night where he couldn't sleep when he felt guilty and restless. He wasn't happy. Now look how much had changed. He knew tonight, with the world as it should be, his family happy and well, He would be able to find peace easily and rest assured that the man he loved was beside him. He knew he could lay his weary head to rest.
After explaining the plan, Jack asked, "And you're sure you're okay with going in there alone?"
"Couldn't sleep?" He asked Dean.
She thought about this for a very long moment.
"Don't forget it's family dinner tonight," Sam said as he and Dean pulled into the garage after a long hunt.
"What the hell do you mean?"
"Well yeah, I thought I could be your back up if anyone didn't want to give up their grace."
"I thought after breakfast we could dig into some of the lore and see what we could find before summoning Jack," Sam said, sipping his juice.
"Uh-huh..." Sam said, not sure what they had gotten into...and not sure if he wanted to know. He was pretty sure he knew what 'pizza-man' was code for.
"Hey, kid…we uh…we need you down here," He attempted to pray out loud. Then, the lights flickered in the bunker, and Jack appeared in front of them.
"Well, I kinda got that, Dean.."
Cas laughed. "Yeah, yeah, whatever…Will you call Jack down and stop eating the buns."
"They told me that we aren't allowed to cook on family dinner nights anymore."
Sam's brows furrowed, "How did you get out..alive?"
Their dog Miracle greeted them as they walked towards the smells of the kitchen. "Come on, boy, let's go see Cas and Eileen," Dean said, and the dog trotted behind them to follow.
"It's settled." Dean smiled. Sam, Jack, and Cas walked into the kitchen, while Dean called the pizza parlor to make their order: One large cheese, and one large meat-lovers: his favorite. After ordering, he sauntered into the kitchen to see his little family already sipping on beers.
"Assuming you make it out of here alive, I want you to ask your God to put me to sleep."
It had been his idea after today's events to add them. He had told Sammy that it was the least they deserved after both of their sacrifices. "Sacrifices," Dean said to himself. Something about that word stirred things inside of him; something like guilt or longing. His eyes lingered on Castiel's name for a while. His fingers traced over the carved oak. Even if Cas hadn't carved it himself, it still felt like it was a piece of him, no matter how small. His vision blurred. That guilty longing seemed to grow stronger. Memories of Cas through the years flashed in Dean's mind. Like the first time he met him, bursting through those barn doors, lights and sparks erupting, all those years ago. Dean had tried to stab him right there. A small, pained chuckle escaped Dean's lips. Little did he know how many times the angel starring back at him, with a tilted head and confused blue eyes, would save his life…even if it cost him his own. Dean hadn't even realized he'd started crying. He didn't understand…he was alive, and Cas knew the consequences of dealing with The Empty, so why did he feel like this? He knew this feeling from times when Cas had died before. He felt the pangs of guilt and loneliness, this longing. But this time felt different. Cas had told him something he couldn't believe before he went. He had said he loved him. He loved him? Of course, they had said they loved each other before, but the way Cas had said it…it was unlike their familiar best friend, 'hey, I love you, man.' It was vulnerable in a way they rarely were with each other. He said he was in love with...him. What the hell did that mean? How couldn't anyone feel that way about him? Especially Cas, a man he had known for so long and been through so much with. His best friend. How could he have missed this?
Cas sputtered a moment, a bit abashed, "Do you think I'd be here if I didn't?"
Unable to rest, he slung his bowed-legs out of his bed, untangling them from his sheets and blankets, careful not to wake the sleepy dog at the end of his bed. He walked barefoot through the halls of the bunker, his feet setting a gentle rhythm against the polished floors. He made it to the main room, where he and Sammy did most of the research for their hunts. He grabbed a crystal glass and a large bottle of Jack Daniels from the shelf and plopped into his regular chair at the end of the table. He gazed down at the table to where a small lamp leaked yellow light over his family's carved initials. Tonight, there were more names than usual. He and Sammy had added the names 'Castiel' and 'Jack' underneath their own.
'Of course. My father is a drunk.'
Dean didn't really care what the Novaks thought of him. He was simply there to test Castiel's memory and strengthen his ability to see his soulmate.
“No, Dean. I’m fine, I’m not in any danger.” Castiel became quickly confused and looked back into his eyes.
P.S. it's hard to type with my new acrylic nails so forgive any errors and I'm horrible at writing fluff so ignore that.
“Don't be silly, Dean, you saw me yesterday.” Castiel responded, balancing his head on his right hand. He watched Dean's eyes soften as his hands combed through the bubbles.
A/N: 1000+ views?? Wtf. I'm crying; thank you so much!! I, um, may or may not have forgotten that weekends exist in this story so if someone calls me out on that you're right. I apologize and thank you for reading!! Also, I'd like to hear more of your thoughts. It keeps me inspired and makes me want to continue writing.
Dean snorted. “Sure, Sammy. And say what? ‘Hey, there. Care to tell us why you killed these people? No? You just want to smite my ass too? Got it.’ Dean put his hands up, palms out and fingers upward as if to fake backing off.
'I need more clues. I can guess your name! I really do care! And you are more than you think you are.'
During his senior year of High School, he’d managed to live normally despite losing his soulmate the year before. Everything had turned black and white, so he couldn’t tell the difference between the green and red apples.
“Because, Sammy. I have to. But you don’t need to know the details. How’s it going with your soulmate?” Dean asked, not knowing the name. “I’m not telling him who I am.” Sam stated in a monotone voice. He frowned when he finished his sentence and Charlie looked concerned. “Why not? Same situation as Dean?”
*~*~*
“Excuse me, are you Dean Winchester?” Sam shook his head and made a face the person across the line obviously could not see. “No, but I’m his brother, Sam Winchester.”
'You’ve… dated other people? Castiel bit back his anguished cry. He was supposed to be the only person in his soulmate’s life! But I thought your father didn’t want you to have romantic relations. He doesn’t believe in soulmates. And I can’t help but feel a little upset that you don’t care about me enough to stay loyal.'
Across the cheek was the brief outline of someone’s lips. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t wash it away. He didn’t bother thinking about the gender, the thought didn’t even cross his mind once. He remembered feeling such a deep emotion. His soulmate didn’t want him.
“Yeah. Mine’s got a lot of issues, and they hurt me.” Castiel sighed, thinking about the moment Dean Winchester sided against his own soulmate. “... But today he gave me an explanation and an apology as well as a kiss.” He looked at Lucifer and smiled sadly.
Castiel glared at the both of them, thankful that some of the crowd had dispersed, seeing at it was toward the end of tryouts. He would definitely get his brother for this later. But he acted out the scene just as he would’ve with anyone else. He confirmed his theory about the Winchester’s eyes and what was behind them. He realized, though, that the reason for shown regret may have been him. Or at least related to him. Then again, Castiel knew he often overthought the simplest things and probably wasn’t thinking properly. He shook it off with a shrug when Gabriel told them to switch.
“I don’t know, Cas, but you should think outside the box. Right, Kevin?” Charlie glanced at Kevin expectantly, who nodded his head in reply. “That’s right. People who are suicidal like testing the waters. They want to see how much they mean to other people and they want to feel secure. They want the least amount of pain possible. In order to determine these clues, it’s important to think the impossible.”
“Yes, you have, and that’s what confuses me!” Castiel exclaimed, staring at Dean. He remembered the many times that Dean winchester and his stupid friends had bothered him over the years, especially in Middle School. “In the meeting room, you were so kind. Now you’re back to being a jerk. Why?”
But when he felt a cardboard box, he reached out for it and pulled. “What's this?” He asked, partially to Castiel and partly to himself.
'You’re… not a girl?' Castiel almost gasped aloud on the steps in front of everyone who passed by him. His head started spinning. All his life, he grew up thinking he’d spend the rest of his life with a beautiful woman. He was not sure if he could love someone of the same gender. Could he? They were still soulmates.
“Why not?” Charlie asked defensively. “She’s really cute!” Castiel groaned and buried his face in his hands. “Because he’s a guy,” he mumbled. Charlie tilted her head and asked, “Sorry, what?”
The brothers worked together to paint the angel-summoning circle on the floor and Dean spread holy oil around it. He could easily take his lighter and catch the thing on fire, trapping the angel if it proved to be troublesome. Night had fallen upon the town they called home. The air was still cold despite the change of seasons and Sam found himself rubbing his palms together to stay warm.
He laid down on the bed, turning on the TV with a nearby remote. Clicking through channels kept him awake for a while until he’d seen every option. Nothing looked even remotely interesting, so he closed his eyes and fell asleep.
“Yes!” Charlie exclaimed with a huff. She munched on some chips and took a long drink of soda, trying to ignore how pretty Lisa actually was and how sweet the couple looked together.
“I love you, Castiel.” Dean whispered lovingly in his ear.
"I felt the spark, did you feel it too? I didn’t think your eyes could be so blue."
Or maybe that’s just the kind of encouragement he wished his father had given him.
Anger flashed in Castiel’s sharp blue eyes. “Yes, Dean! Yes, you are!” He pushed Dean over in the mound of snow and leaned over him. “Sam will always need you, because you are his older brother.” Castiel turned his head quickly and stared at the frozen lake. “And I definitely need you.”
“There are still a lot of things I don’t understand, like… your lifestyle.” Castiel thought about the whole monster idea and his brain swirled in shut down mode. “Or the choices you made around those jocks,” he continued with a sigh. “But I do understand why you’ve made these marks, Dean… and you don’t have to anymore. You won’t ever have to again because I’m here for you. I accept you.”
Sam shook his head and knocked even harder; Dean opening the door at mid-knock. “Go shower. Right now.” Sam growled, his eyes burning with fire. Dean trudged through the living room to the bathroom. He turned on the water, watching it flow into the bathtub. Sam had brought a fresh change of clothes and a towel into the bathroom, setting them down as he poured soap into the water.
“I said, why don't you go grab a coffee?”
“I dunno, you like that better?”
Charlie gave a Sammy-frown and left, sneaking around the corner so she could watch. Dean stood up and changed from a ball on the floor to a tall, dark, and handsome teenager with a very questioning lady friend on his hands. “Lisa, listen… I still have feelings for you, somewhat…” Dean returned to a middle school anxious boy confessing to his crush once again, “But my soulmate is worth it. I’m lucky enough to have one, and I’m sorry that you don’t, but there IS someone else out there for you. I’m sure of it. I think we should be over. Whatever we may have had is gone and we need to move on. Promise me you’ll be okay?”
“Even if I did save you from drowning in some messed up fantasy of yours, why would you be mad at me?” Dean asked, playing along for the hell of it.
*~*~*
“Hey, Casanova, whatcha starin like that for, huh?” Charlie asked through a mouthful of burger. “Got a crush?”
“Okay, we need to stop fucking around and get to the point,” Castiel muttered seriously under Dean's strong thick arms. Dean swallowed his spit and dryly asked, “What point?”
He observed the letters forming on his wrist with slight surprise.
“This is the kind of house mom wanted, wasn’t it?” Sam’s smile faltered as he slammed the passenger door shut. He sighed heavily and fixed his tie, carefully stepping onto the wet grass. His shoes sunk a little as he made his way to the pavement.
Dean slyly snuggled up to him and snaked his arms around the smaller teen. Beneath him, Castiel felt so vulnerable. So innocent. Dean suddenly felt horrible for bringing him into all of this pain and trouble. “Yeah, right…” Dean thought allowed as Castiel shifted underneath him. He’d never be able to share this moment. But Castiel had only shifted so that their bodies fit into each other perfectly, like two spoons lying beside one another. The couch was only so big, though, and Dean worried one of them would fall off the side.
“Thank you for saving my life.” Castiel murmured.
But they didn’t.
'Where are you?'
“Will you at least come with me?” Gabriel whined, giving Castiel the puppy dog eyes he’d practiced for several minutes before he chose to approach his brother. Castiel rolled his eyes, “Sure, whatever.”
They set up a lot more decorations, some of which Castiel assured Dean he could reach himself, and others he allowed himself to be lifted. A lot of the Christmas-like decorations were no match to the DJ booth. The DJ had come in about an hour into decorating and set up their own little place in a corner of the gym. From there, Castiel hung snowflakes from the ceiling and placed Santas around the walls. There was a life-size sleigh and reindeer made out of foam they managed to hang with all of Castiel’s siblings’ help. It looked lovely and yet Castiel found himself still taping things to walls by the time the room turned from a few people to a crowd.
Dean finished his shower and dried himself off, already missing his soulmate. If Sam had known, or rather, if everyone had known the things he saw… he’d be sent to a mental asylum. As he thought about it, though, he decided it wouldn’t be the worst thing. He’d get to see Castiel all the time and no one would try to stop him. He wouldn’t have to take care of himself either. The only problem was, they might put him on medication to stop his hallucinations. With his already weak mind connection to Castiel, he didn’t think he could handle medicine.
“Cassie, what's wrong??” Gabriel panicked, rubbing circles in his back. “Stupid fucking W-Winchester… liar… I hate him…” Castiel hid his face and tried to keep the years away. He knew he was pathetic, he knew he was weak, and he knew he should’ve never talked to Dean Winchester.
“Hiya, Cassie, how you doin’, little bro?” Gabriel pounced up to him like a fool, ruffling his brown hair. The candy loving class clown had a prank up his sleeve, and Castiel did not want any part in it. He had an assignment. He was already playing a game of life or death.
“I want your eyes; staring into mine, I want your lips; moving against mine, and I want your body; curled up beside mine. I want to share love with you in a way you can only imagine. I want you to be the first thing I see in the morning and the last thing I see at night. Cas, I just want everything about you.”
Dean looked questioningly up at him and nodded, excusing them both from the pastor’s impending conversation. “What is it, Sam?”
Charlie grinned and screeched, “I FUCKING KNEW IT!” She was practically jumping up and down in excitement at her discovery until Dean dragged her into his car. “Shhh!” Dean tried to hush her, but she couldn’t stop rambling on about how she knew it was him and then how adorable it would be. Even though she wasn’t the biggest fan of Dean Winchester.
“I’ve got a soulmate.” Castiel sighed back. The teacher shook his head, discouraged by the source of the issue. He didn’t think sixteen and seventeen year olds should have to worry about love, he thought they should focus on their studies and secure a successful life for themselves. But Castiel was one of his best students, and he knew he should listen if there was a related problem troubling him. “He’s… troubled,” Castiel showed the teacher his scarred wrist, “and he’s not going to stop unless I tell him I know it’s him, but I don’t want to.”
This time he had to wait ten minutes before his soulmate decided to respond to him.
Castiel soon became unconscious, his body feeling weightless against the surface of the water as he was carried to safety.
It looked untouched although Dean never had the pleasure to see it before. Dean sat down on the floor beside the bed and rested his forearms on his knees. “Please, come back…” And indeed he did, but this time, Dean couldn't see him due to the alcohol in his system. Castiel's hands traced around Dean's palms and moved them toward the underside of the bed. Dean was too tired and buzzed to realize he wasn't the one moving his own hands.
“Honestly, Charlie, don’t think like that. You’re just as wonderful as she is, if not better.” Castiel told his best friend sternly. He then observed Dean further to cure his boredom. “He’s got it too, doesn’t he?”
A/N: Hello! Thanks for reading yet another chapter! I'm really starting to get excited now about this story. How'd you like it? What do you think is going to happen next? Oooh I wonder when Castiel will first get an idea of who his soulmate might be. Continue reading to find out!! <3
A/N:I should really put more triggers because of all the self harm. Oh whale, but warning there is abuse in this chapter. Oh wait, fluff? What's that doing there?
Castiel wasn’t sure the best way to respond to that statement. That he knew wasn’t necessarily true, but he assumed his soulmate had been through enough and he’d have to bring his whole game to save both their lives.
“Upset?” Sam asked, dumbfounded at the man’s words. He knew that Dean wasn’t just upset. Dean had fallen into depression and Sam wasn’t sure how to pull his brother out. He needed to find someone, or something… Maybe there were other people who have lost their soulmates, or someone who doesn’t have one? Surely there’d be someone for Dean? But deep in his heart, Sam knew that his brother would never move on to choose someone else. It was absolutely pointless to try looking.
Dean was disgusted in himself. He picked the beer bottles up and threw them into the trash, letting them shatter into pieces. Every damn piece of trash got thrown into the bin, and after it had filled, he took it away. He wasn’t going to become his father.
To his shock, colors splashed onto his skin. That had never happened before, he’d only seen designs of black and white. Sure, there had been a large variety of drawings, but he’d never seen color until now What could it mean?
“Why not?” The teacher asked with a frown, staring at the marks. “Because I’ve met him. He’s been bullying me, along with his friends. He wants to impress them or something and I don’t like him. I don’t want to tell him I know his name. But if I don’t, then… he’s going to take his own life.” Castiel finished, braiding his fingers together. He was nervous, for being responsible for someone’s life, and for being alone.
“What? Dean. He's a big stupid hot jerk!” Castiel alarmed himself. “I mean.. That is.. Agh, you know what I mean! Gabe, what do I do?”
Castiel was left to stare out the window. He set his book down nicely on the desk and rhythmically moved his fingers. He took it with him to his locker and finished gathering his supplies for the remainder of his classes.
“This case… it might not be monsters,” Sam noted, looking from out the window to his brother in the driver seat. He took such a big bite from his apple that the juice dribbled down his chin. “It could be a couple of sick pyros.”
Dean began walking to the clearing and lake where he had saved Castiel’s life.
A scary thought crossed Castiel’s mind when he read the first part of his soulmate’s clue. One he didn’t want to think about. One he knew was a strong possibly, but yet he hoped it wasn’t true. Someone else besides his soulmate also used the nickname. Someone also loved their car as much as his soulmate did. But Castiel had only just begun to consider the thought. If he guessed wrong, what might happen? Should he even guess at all? He knew he might be saving a life, but there were also many reasons why it couldn’t be his new acquaintance.
Dean finally looked back at Castiel but refused to meet his eyes. “Oh, you are?” He asked, directing his line of sight to Castiel’s ears and cheeks. Castiel nodded and sighed, “Yes, I’m being forced to-” Gabriel jumped in, “because he’s dateless!” Castiel nearly smacked his brother across the face. It was as if the other teen loved rubbing it in Castiel’s face that he already knew who his soulmate was. Yet his older brother refused to admit who the mysterious person actually was.
*~*~*~*
Castiel shut his eyes and let his head hang low. He knew he shouldn’t trust Dean Winchester. “But, being a nerd doesn’t just make him an outcast. It makes him smart. He isn’t a fucking retard, Norris, you are.” Dean rolled his eyes and continued to stare at the floor.
Castiel slumped in his seat, knowing that his brothers weren’t going to let him off the hook for any reason and he most certainly wasn’t going to tell them about his mysterious soulmate. So he’d be stuck on the party planning committee or whatever Michael was going to call it for the entire dance, at the least hanging decorations or making sure the concessions were available at all times.
I’m so lucky to have met you.
“Hey, Cas.”
Dean thought for a moment before nodding. “Yes.” He looked through Charlie’s eyes. “If you’re really up for it, you could help me with my plans.”
The jock could’ve decided to meet him there, but secretly use it against him. There were so many possibilities and Castiel wished he could just focus on a positive one.
oh and one last thing, I made Cas initiate a conversation for once :) I'm sorry about the feels for this chapter, I would've went more into detail but it pains me to write the abusive part. I apologize for the cliffhanger, too!! XD
When Gabriel was done, Castiel shrugged and gave him an amused look. “Go for it, Gabe. But I won’t wake any part in it.”
“God has a reason for everything. It is not our job to question him,” the pastor warned him. Sam blushed and nodded in fair agreement. The pastor led the way to the victims and the brothers noticed that the burn marks appeared the same.
The meeting continued like a blur until they received a rather unexpected visitor. “Come in,” Michael told the person knocking on the door. It opened quickly and revealed the school’s most popular heart throb Dean Winchester.
Dean sat at the small table of his familiar kitchen, freshly graduated from High School. He glanced across the counter at the basket of apples and bananas. They’d all gone rotten, and fruit flies had gathered around them. The house itself he’d known for years, (after all, he’d been there his entire life).
But there was only one Castiel. There was only one soulmate for him. Only one person that would make him content and save his life. And now, thanks to his own foolish mistakes, that person was gone forever.
'Exactly. My father doesn’t believe in /soulmates/. But he’s sort of a pervert. I’m expected to bring girls home. He knows you’re not a girl. That’s one of the reasons he doesn’t want me speaking to you. The other is more complicated.'
“Hm, that’s a little harder. The guys here are just so stupid,” Charlie muttered, and when she saw the look on Castiel’s face, she added, “Except you and Kevin, of course. Oh look, here comes the stupidest.” Charlie looked in the direction of Dean Winchester, whose fingers wrapped around the ends of his sweatshirt so that no part of his arms could be seen. He was fake-smiling, Castiel knew that (he took a psychology class), but he wasn’t sure why. Kevin shot Charlie a look after she used the word stupidest but she happily ignored it.
Sam looked up at the stained glass pictures and back down at the victims. “Dea-- Uhm, Agent Giles, may I speak to you in private?”
Castiel wrinkled his eyebrows. He wasn’t sure how he felt about Lisa. Something was there, but what was it? Hmm… Maybe he admired her popularity. No, because it was different than the way he felt towards Dean. Perhaps he didn’t like her. Yeah, he’d settle for that over the other options that came to mind after that.
Cas just blinked at him, trying to figure out what was happening in his head. Dean wasn’t exactly the best communicator, but then, Cas wasn’t either. He’d gotten better though, and Jack had played no small part in that.
The process of coming to terms with that was long and winding. It took him a long time to understand the depth of his feelings. To understand why it upset him to see Dean with other people. To understand why he would forgo everything he’d ever known for a man who oftentimes seemed not to care even half as much for him.
“He told me he loved me.” Cas manages, his voice sounding more strangled than he’s used to. He supposes he isn’t holding himself together as well as he might like to. He suddenly recalls how Dean talked about the time when he had gotten back from purgatory without Cas, and he feels a stab of regret. If it was anything like this, it must have been a deeply painful time for Dean.
But it seems Dean never does get a choice in his own fate, because he’s barely been awake for any time at all (or at least, it doesn’t feel like he has) when he’s met with a familiar face. Dean had been laying flat on his back in the nothingness, arms folded behind his head, legs folded at the ankles, eyes closed.
So he stayed clear. He stayed clear of Dean’s Heaven, stayed with Jack or made his way around to different places. He tried to make sure people were happy, that they had homes. He just sat and enjoyed nature, spent time with the bees they’d created in this place. He spent time with the dogs and amongst the trees.
Really, Cas hadn’t even considered that just saying could be enough until he had to. He hadn’t considered that his true happiness wasn’t having Dean, or even having Dean love him, it was in making sure that Dean knew he was loved.
“But uh, guess it didn’t take me too long to figure it out. Maybe on some level I always knew.” He breathes heavily; trying hard not to notice the panic and confusion. The way Cas tips his head.
Jack nods slowly, “A lot.” He concedes, because though Cas is no archangel, an extra angel’s grace is not nothing. It will make Jack significantly stronger, cut down the fight by half.
His own eyes are wide with shock, but he’s not crying, and Dean is glad, because that would break him. Maybe Cas is in shock. Dean isn’t sure if he’s ever really seen Cas cry like Dean himself is now, and he’s not sure his heart could take the weight of that.
Dean wasn’t ashamed to admit that it was difficult for him, that his life had taken such a sharp and intense shift in another direction.
Before Dean closes his own eyes and tries to sleep, he looks up at the ceiling, mumbling in a voice quiet enough not to disturb either Cas or Miracle, but he realises quickly he needn’t have worried, they’re both out like a light. “Thanks, kid.” He breaths out, “Love you.”
“True happiness?” Sam sounds more confused now than ever, and Cas knows he’s right that Sam’s clinging to this. Clinging to a purpose. Clinging to a point. Poor Sam and Dean, who have known nothing except pain and loss and grief and each other. Cas thinks there will never be a crueler fate than one Winchester living and one dying. They don’t know how to exist without each other, and Cas understands. He feels like he’s forgotten how to live without Dean too.
“I didn’t know you were…” He trailed off, then started again, “That’s very brave of you, Dean, and I’m sorry it happened and glad you worked it out, but that was you and Sam against your Dad. I have a whole country, a whole world looking to me. And it’s a lot more complicated than you might think.” Dean could tell he was being careful with his words, trying not to offend Dean with anything he said. It didn’t offend him, Dean had realised as much already, he was only trying to help.
“In love. I am in love with you. All that sappy, chick-flick bullshit I’ve spent my whole-ass life running from.”
“What the fuck? No, dumbass. Him and I. You weren’t there.” Dean corrected, scowling at Sam.
i wouldn’t be surprised if that woman was a succubus.
How? How was that possible?
On the other side, a framed picture of Dean and Sam, and one of Sam, Dean, Mary and John.
“Well… now you know where I stand.” Cas said slowly, raising his shoulders in a shrug. “You saw the picture. The rings. The… oh god, what did you see?” Cas suddenly realised, his eyes widening.
Then he heard Dean’s prayer. He had heard the emotion in his voice, he heard the attempts to make it right. He heard the way Dean spoke about himself, about the anger he couldn’t control, about how overwhelmed he was, and it made sense more to Cas. Because Dean wasn’t just upset, he was falling apart at the seams. The very sense of who he was had been torn apart and Dean wasn’t coping.
Cas’ muscles feel tight. He must have slept funny, but he can’t remember how.
“I’m not your Dean.” Dean said quickly, and Cas stepped back, surveilling him. Instantly, his demeanour changed. He was as Dean usually saw Cas. He stood straighter, his expression grew colder and less expressive. All that light and happiness drained out of his eyes.
Cas, for the most part, has barely done anything. He’s sat around, he’s tried drinking, though it does nothing for him. He’s tried to read, but it doesn’t help. He stares at that stupid etching of Dean’s initials for too long every day, and he knows Jack and Sam have seen him do it.
“He used to be shorter than me, if you can believe it. Sam was this, like, crazy smart kid. We didn’t really get to do the school thing and we were constantly on the road, but Sam was always so smart. So much smarter than me. He was clever and funny. He was also kind of an idiot, but you all know that, you’ve met him.”
He explains, about Sam, about Dean, about Chuck and Jack. He explains that Sam seems to be drowning, that he could really use Eileen here. He explains that Sam is pushing people away, that he might not be happy Cas called her at first, but that he really thinks Sam needs her.
Dean, in many ways, was the glue that bound them. Now he was gone.
“That we have this. The house, the dog, the kids. The baby.” Cas grinned, “I can’t believe I have you.”
“Tell Dean what you were just telling me, Jack.” Cas said with a smile.
He lets himself be overcome by grief, because there’s nothing else. He doesn’t feel love or happiness or determination or hope or anything. All he feels is grief. A desperate, insurmountable, overwhelming grief. He tries to feel Dean’s soul, as he always has, tries to feel his existence somewhere in the world, just for his own comfort, but he finds nothing.
“Oh, no!” Jack is quick to fill in, though he still sounds like his excitable self. “I’m fine. I came here by choice.”
A moment later, the front door was open. Just a crack, enough for Dean to slip silently through and listen out for any context on what was going on. Obviously, he needed to approach Cas about it, but he needed to find chinks in the armour first. Find some way to make Cas believe it was all fake.
For as angry as he had been, for as betrayed as he had felt, for as rocky as their relationships had been, Castiel wanted to see humanity happy. He wanted to see the Winchesters happy. He wanted to see Dean happy. Dean would live another forty years, maybe more. He would be happy. He could get married and have children. He could have a dog and a picket fence and a real life. A garage to keep his dog in. He could find a way to have more. To be better. He could find a way to be whole. Castiel hoped that maybe, just maybe, he had helped Dean to understand that he deserved that future.
Sam followed a moment later, looking down at Dean.
“You’re right.” He says slowly, but doesn’t move. Instead, he asks another question he needs to know the answer to. “Did he say whether he…?”
Still, things John had said to him were etched into his mind. Sam knew, Dean was sure, because they had stayed in small motel rooms and the walls just weren’t that thick. John hadn’t taken it well at all when Dean had been caught with another boy. Still, the words had stayed longer than the bruises had, and Dean had never really recovered from those searing words John had thrown at him. That was the last time Dean had ever kissed a boy, until Cas, he guessed.
“Um… no. As cute as that is, this wasn’t what I wanted and we all know that.” He looks from Cas to Sam and back, “This is the wrong group of people.” He lets out a sigh, like a disappointed father talking to his infant child after they did something naughty, “I think I’m enjoying this story now though. The three of you, having to live with Dean’s sacrifice. Having to live without purpose. No Heaven to run to, no Dean to hide behind.” He huffs out a breath, then smiles at them both. “So congratulations, boys. Look around. Look at the world, look at the people -- or lack, thereof -- and remember… it’s your fault. All of this, it’s your fault. If you had done as you were told, none of this would’ve ever happened,” He rubbed his hands together, “Oh well. Have fun, boys.”
Just like that, Cas can’t take it anymore. Overwhelmed by all his emotion, he virtually stomps out of the barn, like a child having a tantrum.
Jack blinks at him, and Dean can see that same kid. He’s different now, no denying it, but he’s still just as sweet and innocent beneath it all. Dean loves that about him. It reminds him of Sammy too. He really is a Winchester.
Cas half smiled a little, because it was sort of cute to see Dean so flustered and struggling for words. He wasn’t used to seeing Dean like that, and it was a softer side to a usually gruff and in-control man.
Not-Dean was the enemy, because Not-Dean was keeping Cas in this place where he’d die. Besides, actual-Dean hadn’t been that happy in years. Hell, this Dean hadn’t even pretended to be that happy since before he went to Hell. He didn’t think Cas had ever known him so happy.
Dean blinked, and for a moment, the defensive, annoyed look switched to something else. Confusion. Guilt. Something else Cas couldn’t decipher or name.
Castiel nodded slowly, and he nearly jumped when Dean’s hand slid into his, pulling him off towards the sand and towards the water.
There’s no point denying it, Cas decides, since Jack is right and he knows it.
Actually, Dean’s pretty sure he’s better than anyone he’s ever known, other than maybe Sammy. His family has always tried to save the world, always done the right thing. None of them are bad. But they’ve all made mistakes. Cas and the Leviathan. Dean and Michael. Sammy and Lucifer. Jack and his Mom. He could list a hundred more if he was really trying. Things they did that had nearly doomed them all, but which they had done for the right reasons. Neither of the Winchesters, nor either of their angels, had done anything out of spite or cruelty. They had always been acting with the right intentions.
Sam blinked at him, like he was stupid, then shook his head. “Dude.” He walked off, leaving Dean wondering what he said that was so wrong.
From his new vantage point, Dean could see a little more. He could see a Christmas tree behind them, decorated lushly with dozens of presents beneath it. He could see a dog bed, complete with a sleeping dog on it. See two wide couches, worn with use, but comfortable looking.
“Why did you decide I can’t give you that?” Dean repeated, a grumpy, stubborn expression on his face.
He almost never has good dreams.
“Our dads can be happy without touching.” Claire argued back.
It felt like a lot of time passed before something happened. He kept an eye on Dean, as was his way, the Angel watching over him since he had first met him.
They hugged and nodded at one another. "I'll keep the spell aflame as long as I can. But please, make it a quick trip for Jack's sake."
They sat a beat, wordlessly, before Dean tried to formulate a sentiment of his own:
"Okay, okay. I'm getting there. " Dean swirled his glass. "Basically, Billie's scratch I gave her…that was a fatal blow apparently; it killed her…but slowly. Like a cancer of sorts, I guess. But she still wanted me dead. She chased us around the bunker for a while. Banged us up pretty bad. Gave me a damn heart-attack, literally." His voice softened, "then Cas and I warded ourselves in the dungeon. But we knew that could only hold so long...I thought we were gonna die in there."
"A sign, huh?" A womanly voice said from behind him. He whirled around. It was The Empty, enhabiting the body of Meg, a demon the Winchesters and Cas had known for some time, sitting on a large throne that hadn't been their moments before. "I thought I smelled a Winchester in here," she grimed.
"You want to come up to heaven with me?" Jack asked. Sam was curious about this too.
"I like what you've done with the place."
"You all were quick," he stated.
"Burgers!" Eileen said while simultaneously signing in ASL.
"Absolutely," Dean answered. He was lying; of course, he had no idea why the empty was awake. He just had to get Cas back; that was the only thing on his mind. She looked down a moment before letting out a sharp sigh. She snapped, and suddenly Cas, in his dirty trench coat and cobalt blue tie, lay at her feet, asleep. Dean ran to him faster than he ever ran in his life, collapsing to the floor to scoop the sleeping angel into his arms. Dean looked up at the empty, confused.
When she shows up a day later with a bag packed, her expression steely and unwavering, Sam looks livid. He turns on Cas, and for a split second, Cas thinks he might hit him or something.
Besides, he jokes wryly with himself, he’s had to watch Cas die or suffer so many times, it’s about time Cas has a go.
He knows Sam has asked too, they’ve discussed it, from time to time. They still talk about Dean sometimes, but other times, they both ignore it. It’s the elephant in the room, the thing they both know they’ll never get over, but sometimes, they can’t say the words.
Dean vaguely saw Jack walking across the yard to the door, and ducked out of the way so as not to be seen. “Zepp, come on, buddy.” Jack called, hitting his hands on his thighs. The dog turned and bounded off towards the door, which closed, leaving Dean alone in the snow.
“So I’m not one of the worst to work for?” Cas asked. He was smiling, and there was something about his tone. Something that made Dean wonder, for a fraction of a second, if Cas was actually flirting with him. He glanced up at Jo and Benny, but neither had moved from their positions or shown any reaction. Maybe they weren’t even listening.
He and Dean have changed each other, that’s for sure, but not like Cas realised.
“You want to go back.” Jack looks like he’s not even remotely surprised, but besides that, Dean really can’t read his expression. He knows he’ll probably say no, but he has to ask. He has to try. Besides, never giving up is sort of his thing. What he’s known for. Dean just nods.
Still, being awake in the Empty wasn’t ideal. It wasn’t exactly what Castiel thought he would be doing. He had hoped for sleep. He knew the Empty wanted to return to sleep, and he hoped he would get to go along with that. That things could be quiet. That he could forget how vulnerable he had made himself, and how, as happy as he was to finally give Dean all that love he had inside of him, he was also extremely lonely.
Dean doesn’t mind helping Jack. It’s different from what he was expecting, but the kid has bright ideas. He’s going to be a good God, and the whole thing is so ridiculous Dean could laugh or cry.
This fragile, broken, angry human who was so perfect in Castiel’s eyes. He was the best in humanity, the single most selfless person Castiel had ever met. He was fairly certain there wasn’t anyone less selfless to be met. It wasn’t his own sense of love or acceptance that had mattered, really. It was Dean’s.
Sam’s eyes fell to the ground.
“Yes.” Cas sounded stern, more like the version of himself he was when Dean first met him, “I forbid it. You’re not allowed to feel guilty for how it affected us. We’re worried about you.”
It struck Dean suddenly how extraordinarily lucky he was to even be alive. To have been through Hell, literally, and still be here. To have been through angels and demons and so much death and destruction it was hard to handle. To have literally faced God.
He didn’t actually hear Cas’ answer, but a moment later, a little hand was holding his, pulling on it as if to get his attention. Dean looked down at Jack with unrestrained fondness on his face. The kid was too cute to be real at times, and it was all Dean could do not to give in to whatever he asked. He reminded him too much of Sammy, all big eyes and inquisitive nature.
“How could you fucking do that to me?” Cas is shouting, and Dean’s eyes are wide, any hint of mirth in his eyes well and truly gone. He steps backward, his eyes fluttering. Cas barely has time to think about what he’s doing, but somehow he makes time to notice Dean’s freckles. To notice his wide green eyes. To notice his eyelashes. The way he holds his hands up at his sides in surrender. Evidently, he hadn’t been expecting this sort of reaction from Cas. Which was fair, Cas wasn’t expecting this sort of reaction from himself either.
“Nah, doesn’t make me uncomfortable.” Dean answered easily, waving it off with his right hand. “I’m glad you came up with a way to get in here. I sorta thought I was dreamin’ that you turned up there. That you were never really there at all.”
Sam simply shrugs at him, seeming far more calm than Cas was. He had been expecting Sam to be the one to get upset at him, not Cas, but maybe Cas’ reaction has brought Sam back down to Earth. Or maybe they’ve just seen each other die too many times now for it to have the same effect. Maybe Sam is waiting till later to yell at him. Honestly, whatever it is, Dean can’t blame him.
“I will never just sit by and watch you die, Dean. Never. It was worth the chance. I would do it again.”
“I know… I know you’re different from us. I know angels… feel differently and I… I’m okay with that. I’m okay with that because all that really matters is that you’re going to survive this. That you’re going to look after Sammy and Jack and you’re going to save the world. Because you are not broken and you never have been. You are… so much more than they’d have you believe and I need you to know. I need you to know, before… before it comes for me, that…”
To have been through everything he had, everything his family had, and to be laying here, in his home, with a human Castiel and his dog.
“What, you and I? Ew.” Sam winced, disgusted.
“I think the reason… the reason I didn’t fall into what Chuck wanted me to be, the reason I didn’t… fall apart and become some evil killing machine is… because of you. Our… profound bond. We weren’t meant to have it. But… ever since you left that handprint on me, I’ve been… I’ve felt different. Like you… marked me right then and there. Like I’ve always been… yours. I think… I think it changed me, Cas. I think you made me better.”
“I made so many assumptions about you when I turned up here.” Dean admitted quietly. “And I was wrong about nearly all of them.”
“Hey, sunshine.” He says as he pulls himself up beside Cas, trying not to look as awkward and overwhelmed as he feels about all this. It was him who put himself out there, of course, but he did leave after. He can understand why Cas is having this reaction, even if it’s a bit intense, because Dean would likely be feeling the same way.
“You still down for that potential case?” Sam asks, pouring himself coffee.
He looked around the room, but found no one else.
He crept further down the hall, looking for either his own or Cas’s room. There was one that was clearly a spare, untouched and clean. It had Cas written all over it in its decoration; simple, clean, neat.
“I’m sure.” Cas said, winding an arm under Dean’s upper back and another under his thighs to lift him.
Dean gets to meet Kelly, and gets to know a little bit more about Cas' upbringing.
“I’m…” Dean repeated lamely, caught completely off guard by the kiss and the way it made him slightly dizzy. “I’m…”
His recon had gone from being about getting Cas back to being about wrapping his head around all this.
“I never considered it, man.” Dean looked up at his brother, and he tried to communicate with his eyes that he wasn’t ready to have a conversation about this. He wasn’t ready to consider how heartbroken the whole thing had him feeling. He wasn’t ready to consider what it had been like to kiss Cas, or how weirdly and irrationally jealous he’d felt of the version of himself Cas had created. He wasn’t ready to deal with any of it.
“Get the doctor!”
Because Dean’s lips were surprisingly soft, and his skin seemed to shiver where he felt Dean’s hands on his face. How the hell had he not just done this before? Twelve years of sneaking glances at Dean, twelve years of watching him. Twelve years of wishing and hoping and he wondered if he actually was still in the Empty and was just dreaming somehow.
If anyone can save the world, it’s his family. They don’t need him for that now, they have each other. Dean gets the hero’s death he’s always wanted, gets to finally be honest with himself, gets to finally let Cas know how loved he is.
“Human. For the rest of my life. Yes.”
Dean let his chin rest against Castiel’s shoulder, looking up at him. “You fell in love once. You could do it again. Have children even. You could keep living, even after I’m gone. Live an easier life… one with less… nightmares and…” He looked down at himself and back up at Castiel. “One with less damage.” He didn’t mean the chair specifically. Hell, he didn’t mean that at all. In Dean’s mind, that was the least of the burden he put on Castiel. He wasn’t sure he would ever really heal from the years of torture and suffering.
So when he created a place that was open, a place where you could roam and build and live, essentially a version of Earth without any of the pain or the suffering, he thought about Dean. How one day, after everything else, he would finally be able to lay his head down and find peace. He tried to build what he imagined would be peace for him.
“Eileen made us watch ‘Elf’.” Sam supplies, and Dean figures that’s his way of explaining the insult, though Dean can’t actually recall ever having seen the Christmas movie, so he’s still not sure what it actually means.
Feeling weird about intruding, despite that being his exact purpose, Dean snuck towards the stairs, which were blessedly, out of sight of the dinner table. He was quiet as possible, and when the floor creaked, no one seemed to react at all. It was an old place, Dean told himself. Maybe they were used to floors creaking here and there. They had a dog, maybe they were used to the dog making noise while they ate. Either way, once upstairs, Dean was no less careful.
“First of all. No the fuck you didn’t. Second of all, twelve years. You didn’t say anything either. Your djinn poisoned brain did.” He argued, sounded a little more annoyed now, though Cas felt like it was a less real anger now, more like a way to figure out what to think. More like a way to work through it all.
Still, he watched as they kissed. Watched as something slow and sweet turned into something heated and burning. He watched Cas push Not-Dean back onto the bed and climb on top of him before he pushed further back into the closet, sitting with his eyes wide open and facing determinedly away from where they were.
“I leave you two alone for ten fucking minutes and you nearly get ganked by a fucking nest?” He throws the machete halfheartedly and it hits the floor with a clank, making both Cas and Sam jump slightly. Dean’s brows are furrowed, but neither of the other two answer for a moment.
Castiel realised he ached for something like that too. Someone who loved him. Someone who would do anything for him. Not a brother, necessarily, but just… someone. He realised he was lonely, and that realisation never really went away.
They looked at each other for a moment before they both started laughing.
Later, when they walked back to the Castle, Dean had Jack thrown over his shoulder, hanging upside down while the child giggled wildly, ineffectually kicking at Dean.
“Deanie, will you come sit with me and Cassie?” He asked, his head tipped to the side. He looked like the walking incarnation of a puppy, and Dean folded instantly on a personal level.
He can see the change in Cas’ expression instantly.
‘We, uh, we needa talk, man. I don’t know where you got off to. If you’re busy or somethin’, that’s fine, but uh… if you’re avoiding me… I think we should talk.’
“We can’t, Castiel. He will have his family again here. His friends, his home, his car. We’ve done what we can. We can’t bring people back. We can’t keep upsetting the order of things.”
It had tasted like blood and exhaustion, but Cas would’ve traded anything in the world away for it.
“No,” She laughed, shaking her head, “No, I meant more like… you wouldn’t be the first guard to accidentally…”
That longing has always been there, but never more than now.
It stood to reason that Sam knew; that they had discussed it all in the weeks when Dean was gone, but he hadn’t reasoned it all through in his mind yet. He hadn’t even really considered what they had discussed while he was gone. What they had told each other.
Sam bonds with it too, but not in the same way Cas does. Cas has never had affection in his life. Certainly not as an angel, but only very minimally as a part of this family. The odd hug. Dean’s hand on his shoulder. Sam patting him on the back.
