“I'm not offended.”
“Before going in I have to ask, would you really open the box even if you knew what was inside?” Steve took the hand that Tony offered him. “Would you take a chance even though you could get infected just out of curiosity?”
Tony felt his face heat up, but he didn’t change the subject. In fact, he accepted the challenge, lifting his chin and assuming his best stubborn expression. “Yes, sir.
Tony, Steve and Natasha were on duty that morning, while Clint, Sam and Hulk went for a reconnaissance mission of an AIM base, and Thor was in Asgard ... well, solving whatever Asgardians needed solving.
And now she was crying copiously. Tony got up abruptly and headed for the door, but Steve stopped him.
The spy smiled.
or not Tony would decide to come in to see and talk to Steve, but when. And Steve would wait, because that was what he did. Steve was waiting for Tony. It has always been like that.
Tony looked again at Steve across the street, on the roof. He was now leaning on the rail, on his forearms, looking straight ahead without really seeing. Tony wanted so badly to reach him, to get close to his friend, to say that, even if he didn’t remember, he was sorry. That he wanted Steve in his life. He
If it were possible, Tony would’ve said that Steve had gotten even redder and, God, how cute he looked in that embarrassed way.
“From Earth,” Liz said, but then she added, “But not this one.”
Steve looked at him with an ugly face.
"Not the criminal organization called Hydra," Thor explained. "But the monster on which the Red Skull was inspired to baptize it.”
“Let me finish.” Steve smiled. “I see someone so generous that he chose to give up everything, including his own memory, to save those who have turned their backs on him.”
an impertinent little voice whispered from the back of Tony’s mind.
Tony repeated. “If it happened all the time it wouldn't be so exciting when it comes. The excitement comes from waiting, from expectation.” Nat ended, looking deep into Tony's eyes.
"Don't worry, Steve. I always am."
Tony rummaged through the crowd and found the spy still talking to Bucky, but now sitting on the couch in the middle of the penthouse. He left the bar and went straight to Natasha, who smiled when she saw him.
Tony gave a sad smile. “People don’t call me a genius for nothing, you know? My brain is like a supercomputer. And, after I merged with Extremis, it was as if I upgraded it and had almost infinite information processing and storage capacity. I know that. Norman eventually realized that, too. Then he came after me and I fled the world, with the help of the few allies and friends that I had left after the fiasco that was the end of the Civil War and the invasion of the Skrulls.”
"We're gonna order some pizzas," Steve said with a smirk as he saw Tony's expression wither. "And play some poker." He touched Tony's arm and squeezed lightly, sending messages not at all appropriate for that time of the day through Tony's body. “You are invited.”
Steve held Tony in his arms and pulled a lock of hair out of his eyes. The delicate touch in a moment so steeped in sexual tension stirred Tony in ways that had nothing to do with the pollen. He held Steve's face in his hands and ran his fingers through Steve’s golden hair. “It’s always been you.”
He went down the hall to the kitchen and found himself alone on the first floor of the house. It was all open concept, with the living room just ahead, with two comfortable sofas, a coffee table, a large TV and a video game below it, with two controls. Tony smiled, imagining Steve and Peter sitting there, playing together. Shaking his head, Tony headed for the kitchen, which was on his left. The cabinets and the island were very bright, with marble surfaces. Everything was meticulously organized, and Tony almost felt bad for looking for the things he needed, if it weren't for his stomach growling, asking for food. "I don't eat in what? Twelve hours?" Tony asked himself out loud, opening the refrigerator and analyzing its contents. He decided on some potatoes, chicken fillets and tomatoes. He hadn't cooked in a while, but he still remembered what it was like.
There was everything in there, so he ended up deciding on the basics, eggs and bacon.
Time after time
Tony moaned.
"But I want to help, Dad," Peter said, when the three of them were already inside the house, with the doors and windows closed and locked. "You know that I can be useful."
Steve groaned loud. “Shit, that feels good,” he whispered out of breath.
"Not yet, but they're on their way."
“Well, that was …”
Tony smirked, took his fingers out his ass, and crawled to him. “Oh, fucking, yes.”
“I think that’s it, then,” Steve said at last, when it became clear that Tony would remain hidden and silent. Steve’s face changed. His eyes fell, sad and disappointed, his mouth curved down and he stepped away from the roof rail. “Maybe next time, right?” Tony saw that he tried to smile, but failed. And with that painful scene to see, Steve turned and went into his apartment, leaving Tony alone again.
"What's coming out through the portals?" Bucky asked.
"No problem." She picked up the deck, shuffled it with professional skill, and looked at Clint. "Clint, small blind, okay?”
“And the universe knows how happy and relieved I am to be here witnessing this,” Tony said. “But before, I could only think that you were gone forever and that all I wanted to do was hug you. All I wanted to do was do what I never had the courage to do before. Ironic, isn’t it?” Tony gave a sad smile. “I went back to drinking. Less than before, not to the point of getting drunk, but enough to be able to imagine your voice scolding me. Everything to get you back, even for a few seconds.”
“No.” Steve shook his head. “I’d recognize those footprints even from the moon.”
Tony unfolded the sheet of paper and began to read. At that moment, the door to the lab opened, revealing Steve carrying two steaming mugs that filled the room with the smell of coffee.
"Attack the middle head," Steve told Wanda. "Let's try to knock it down."
Tony lowered his cup, which was getting dangerously empty. “I’m already getting there. Well, it obviously didn’t take long for Osborn to realize that SHIELD, now HAMMER, didn’t have the Records he wanted so badly, and there wasn’t a single backup in any corner of this Earth. But then, he reminded us of why we shouldn’t underestimate Norman Osborn,” Tony sighed heavily, thinking that it was from that moment that, in fact, nothing would ever be the same again. “He remembered that there was, indeed, one last backup of the Records.”
Hulk snorted.
"Half of these things you already have." Steve ate a strip of bacon, pretending nonchalance. "You and me. The rest happens wherever we are. 'Cause I'll always be here as long as you want me.”
“Do you
Fascinated by the lightness with which Vision headed toward the center of the Josie Robertson Plaza, something caught Natasha's attention in her peripheral vision. Narrowing her eyes, she could see there was something beyond the water in the fountain. Not something.
“What?” Steve asked, his arms hanging at his sides, his expression confused.
"I won't even ask."
"That he's innocent. That he’s never seen or spoken to the boy who died before. They just studied at the same school, Tony. They even weren't in the same year. They had no mutual friends, they didn't live close to each other. Nothing. Absolutely nothing in the history of Peter Rogers links him to the murder."
disappoint." He hugged one of the pillows and his eyes immediately began to close.
"I think it might be enough for now. Why?”
"They are not giant snakes," Thor said quietly, leaning against his ax.
"Mr. Rogers?" asked a male voice on the other end of the line.
Tony blinked at him. "Is that okay for you? You have nothing else to add or ... I don't know, to
“Hmmm?” Tony turned his head slowly, a little smile on his lips.
Fury narrowed his good eye.
"After yesterday, it's no longer a secret to anyone that we're together."
"Pepper?" Steve swallowed. "Is ... is she your wife?"
"Then believe him. Let him help. No one will know it was him, because he learned from me."
"I think so, too," Steve agreed, more to keep her talking than anything else. He had a feeling he wasn't going to like what he was going to hear.
"Thanks."
“Yes, you can,” Steve came over and kissed him, because he simply could. Tony responded with enthusiasm, squeezing Steve’s cheeks and enjoying the moans that made his whole body vibrate. Steve pulled away to take a breath and ran the side of Tony’s neck slowly with wet kisses, ending with a hickey where the neck and collarbone met. Tony sighed loudly and tightened his arms around Steve, running his fingers down his back, pressing his body against Steve’s, trying to reach any piece of skin he could get with his mouth, because he needed to taste Steve.
been ready for
Tony laughed hysterically. “Your name sounds so beautiful when I say it. Steve.” He looked drunk, and the only thing that could cure Tony was Steve.
Steve pushed Tony away and left him sitting on his lap for an instant, long enough for the sunlight coming in through the window to bathe Tony’s entire body, creating shadows on Tony’s angular and turned muscles, which the armor always hid, but that, oh yes, were there, waiting for Steve, all that time.
Tony smiled. “We’re really going to do this, aren’t we?”
Clint used one of his arrows to launch a rope to pull him and Natasha up and Sam took Steve. In the middle of their way up they heard the explosion.
Tony was going crazy, breathing erratically, needing Steve's body stuck to his, but he didn’t dare to move.
Tony thought.
Steve held up his hand and stopped an insolent tear from running down Tony’s face. With the same hand, he grabbed Tony’s chin and lifted it gently, as if Tony were something precious that could break at the slightest touch. Steve took the coffee mug from Tony’s hand, bent down, and placed it on the floor, along with his own. When he got back to Tony’s height, Steve took his hands and smiled without showing his teeth.
Clint gasped and took several minutes to recover. Natasha glared at him. Maybe it was a mistake not to mention that in this reality, where Liz Stark-Rogers was now, Tony Stark and Steve Rogers were still alive. However, how could they tell her that even though they were a beautifully passionate couple here too, she did not exist here before? Maybe hiding that information from her was a huge mistake, but the girl was already going through a lot. Finding out that her parents were alive but that they did not recognize her and, worse, they did not feel anything for her, did not have to be one more burden among so many others.
The tears that had stopped were harder in Liz's eyes. She covered her mouth with one hand, sharply shocked, and staggered back.
Steve glanced at the chair in front of him, on Fury’s opposite end, where the table narrowed, and sighed.
Steve smirked.
Natasha ignored them and continued to stare at the girl.
Stephen Strange came to get back his box a week after mysteriously showing up asking Tony and the Avengers to keep an eye on it.
“Immediately, boss.”
“We're here!” Steve announced, and they all held together, while the Quinjet was heading down toward the hangar.
"Are you asking this for me or for yourself?"
"Did I program you to be petulant like that?"
Slowly, he opened the lid of the box and the contents glowed with an intense and seductive red light, which pulsed in the rhythm of Tony’s heart, blinding him for a few moments, lighting up the entire vault, enveloping Tony completely, filling his lungs with pure light. Tony could feel the warm, vibrant glow that came from the contents of the box, from the mysterious ingredient, and being in the presence of that thing, whatever it was, brought Tony into a state of emptiness that he had never felt before. The red light engulfed him, traveling through every space of his body, inside and out, emptying it, making it a receptacle for the light that invaded him, taking him over, but it also convinced him it would take care of him the best possible way, that everything would work out, that Tony just needed to trust.
“Steve, I’m not getting,” Tony said with a groan.
“Really?” Steve leaned over the island towards Tony and he had a curious expression on his face.
"Let's see," Tony thought aloud. "Two hours on a plane..." He looked at his huge closet and decided on the basics: jeans, canvas shoes, a red T-shirt and a black coat. Tony looked at himself in the mirror. “Perfect. Friday, what do you have for me?”
“I still don’t know how that’s possible,” Tony’s voice came muffled from where he was with his face hidden in Steve’s neck.
“Thanks.”
spoke, I didn't know him!" He looked at Tony. "Mr. Stark,
“That you missed me and that you thought about me all this time?” Steve’s eyes shone with anticipation and practically shouted “say yes!”
“Oh, really?” He smiled wickedly. "And what was I doing in that dream of yours, Stevie?"
“It was not a mistake after all.”
"I'm going to be honest with you, okay?" Tony looked at him, and Steve found it uncomfortable not being able to see the lawyer's eyes. "We may not be able to get him released today. We need a judge and we need this judge to accept our request for release. If they don't, well, there's a possibility that your son will stay here until we manage to reorganize and effectively get him out of here."
“And will it be enough?” Wanda asked. “Why not call Rhodes and Bucky, too?”
Tony held his breath and felt Steve do the same. Was it possible that their versions of another dimension were somewhere in the Compound waiting for them?
"Do you want to go on this trip?"
“Because I can't leave you, even if I wanted to.” Steve looked Tony in the eye. “And I don’t.”
Tony focused again on Steve’s face, his eyes, and realized that he had so much to ask, so much to say, that he couldn’t decide where to start.
“Ah, Steve, you have no idea how sex-pollen works, do you?” Tony lifted Steve's face with one hand and smiled. He couldn’t believe his own luck, but he was obviously hallucinating. It was the flower. It was the pollen making him to see what he wanted the most. But he didn’t care anymore. Tony would let the flower fool him. He'd let himself think that all of that was true and, hopefully, when it was all over, he'd think that it was just another one of his fantasies.
What if ...
"Friday, what time is it?" He asked, his voice husky with sleep.
“Tony?”
, Tony.”
“Oh, my God, Steve, how can you say those things and still be sexy like that?” Tony said, pinching one of Steve’s nipples between his fingers, making Steve throw his head back and moan loudly. Tony smiled, satisfied.
Suddenly Tony's tablet vibrated in his hands and he looked down. The screen was flashing a request for an encrypted communication channel, outside the S.H.I.E.L.D. radars.
“What are you talking about?”
“This
Strange slowly turned back to face Tony and Steve and his eyes were immediately drawn to their intertwined fingers.
“We're Steve and Tony's versions of
“No matter what guy he looks like, civilians are between us and them.” Steve's voice sounded in Tony's ear. “We need to get them out of there before we can do anything.”
Tony Stark ... I never thought I'd see you at my station. You came prepared for everything, Captain," Ross raised an eyebrow.
"Now be a good girl and darken my room, will you?"
Steve got up and held out his hand.
“All the connections were cut, Captain,” Friday answered promptly. “Even the power grid.”
The officiant turned to Steve. "Steven Grant Rogers, do you take Anthony Edward Stark as your husband?"
“Don’t be so hard on her. She was scared and scared for you. She just wanted to protect you from more pain.”
"Okay, I think I understood everything," Tony said. "I'm free to create my own rules, right?"
Rhodes."
and nobody else’s.” And to prove his point, Tony slid his hand down Steve’s back and squeezed one of his cheeks.
Tony smiled.
“He has loved you for years and finally see him like this, all silly and happy, passionate, is the best thing I could expect for him. He's my friend, too, Tony. And I want the best for him. And the best for Steve is you.”
"How did we come to that?"
"How? The chief said they found ..."
"Because two hours is the time it will take to get to where we are going to spend our weekend without communication with the world.”
Steve nodded and smiled.
"So a birthday party is out of the table?"
Tony groaned loudly. “Yes, slowly now.” He looked into Steve’s eyes and tightened his arms even more around his neck. Steve stroked Tony’s face with a tenderness that completely warmed Tony. Trapped between Steve and his soft mattress, Tony felt safe, esteemed as never before. They stopped for a moment, just getting used to that connection. Tony sucked in a breath. “Okay, darling. Give me more.”
“What about the North portal?” Vision asked.
"I'm going to watch it and learn to play next time," Sam said.
“Thank you, Pierre. You can take off.”
Steve stepped away from the sink and took a cloth napkin to wipe his hands. He approached Tony and less than ten inches separated them. Tony looked up to find Steve's blue eyes, at least a taller head than the engineer. Tony felt his heart race and his mouth went dry.
“Is that really possible?” Steve asked Tony, but the engineer said nothing. Indeed, he, Bruce, and Reed Richards always worked on the hypothesis that other dimensions might exist, but the possibilities were extremely remote, since none of them could ever prove this theory. So far.
"Oh, Steve," he wanted to scream, but Tony could only grab Steve's hair tight.
Steve and Tony exchanged a brief glance and went to meet her. Tony retracted the armor, going back to his jeans and his T-shirt, and finally getting Liz in his arms. He stroked her hair and Steve saw him smile. She trembled in his embrace.
Steve smiled.
“What happened?”
happy. I don’t know when you decided that happiness was something unattainable for you, but it’s not true. And you, more than anyone in this world, know that I have flaws. We caused a war because of these flaws, Tony.” Steve took the last step. “I’d do anything to convince you that you’re worth all the effort, that you’re worthy of all happiness, but words will never be able to convince you. Let me be with you, then, to prove, day after day, how much you mean to me. How much I love you.”
Tony’s entire body lit up, reacting to the vision, and he felt a smile spread across his face and found himself watching the gleam in his eyes on the armor’s hub. His body moved, coming out from behind the chimney and taking a step, instinctively. But, then, Tony stopped. As if someone was holding him by the collar, he was unable to move. He was so close, why couldn’t he take that leap and reveal himself to Steve? Why couldn’t he show his face and his smile of extreme happiness to see his best friend alive again?
Tony felt his eyes burn and warm.
That was the scent that Tony couldn't identify when he smelled the flower earlier. It was a familiar scent, of course, but Tony didn't allow himself to focus on it that much. Steve would never reciprocate Tony's feelings. He deserved better.
“I did.”
"Rhodes is overseeing the case."
“Where were you?” Steve asked.
"As far as I know, that qualifies as love, boss."
“That you missed me and that you thought about me all this time?” Steve’s eyes shone with anticipation and practically shouted “say yes!”
“Oh, my God, that’s why no one can win an argument with you. Look at that beautiful face. How do you do it?”
Steve laughed, and Tony was delighted by the sound. “Yeah, but I still didn’t know. All I saw was golden armor, shiny and spectacular, that spoke to me in a kind way, trying to help me. It was a dream, of course it was. And to think that it took you so long to tell it was you inside there.”
"Three in the afternoon, sir.”
Steve nodded.
“We'll do anything to make you feel comfortable here, so you'll fit in and be happy.” Tony's voice was pleading and Steve knew his husband wanted everything to be going differently, preferably with everyone hugging. How to explain that feeling?
without being too obvious.”
“I'm sorry. I wasn’t expecting an alarm now.”
“No, it's not. It's your birthday," Tony leaned his coffee mug on the counter and glowered at Steve. "It should be the most important day of the year.”
“You’re a great storyteller.” Steve shrugged, trying to sound casual.
Steve considered the question and said nothing for a while. Finally, he let out a resigned sigh. “I don’t know.” He stopped for a moment. “Do we really need to leave?”
When Steve added a second finger and began scissoring, while kept sucking Tony's balls and cock, all covered with precome, their eyes met.
“I thought time could make you see what I saw,” Steve said, standing up, almost in slow motion. He straightened up and stopped, giving Tony a chance to leave if he wanted to. Tony didn’t move. He couldn’t do it; his legs were glued to the floor and his ears needed to continue listening to what Steve had to say. Seeing that Tony wouldn’t leave, Steve took a step forward, slowly, without taking his eyes off Tony even for an instant. Tony was the cornered, dangerous and withdrawn animal, ready to escape at any moment and Steve was using all his persuasion to make him listen, to make him stay and
Tony pulled away as best he could to not wake Steve, propped himself up on his elbow and stood there, just admiring the calm Steve slept with, his eyes still, indicating that he wasn’t dreaming - or, worse, having nightmares - his golden hair spiky on all sides, messed up in a way that people out there would never see (and that made Tony feel a sense of possession that he had never felt before towards anyone), his mouth half open on one side, deep, relaxed breathing. He was beautiful. And he said he loved Tony. They had made love the night before. Steve had taken him in his arms with adoration and made Tony float. And Steve said he would take care of Tony, that he would make Tony understand why he thought Tony deserved to be happy. Tony laughed through his nose. Only Steve to be so optimistic and believe that Tony was someone worth fighting for.
“Are you there, Tony? Are you awake?”
"Tomorrow I'll confirm what's still missing. Everything will be ready when you arrive.”
... Steve holding him tight, taking care of him, protecting him, getting there so fast …
thought I would, dear."
"None of them are good enough. Not like him. And none of them owed me a favor. So, win-win."
Natasha was the first to put her cards on the table, faces up.
Steve looked at Tony, who shrugged.
“I'm here, I'll help you.” Steve held Tony's face with both hands and tried to ground him.
“Tony?
Peter came back with his arms full of ingredients and put them all on the counter.
Tony turned his body still on Steve's lap, facing him, and put his arms around Steve's neck, pinning him. Steve held Tony by the waist and the proximity created unexpected points of contact. Tony took a deep breath, trying to control himself enough to finish the sentence. He smiled. “My, my, who do you kiss with that filthy mouth, Winghead?”
“The box,” Tony said hoarsely, sliding his hands down Steve's arms and around his neck, then down to his strong chest and back. Tony’s mouth watered with desire.
The ship began to rise as the third wall of the laboratory exploded.
"We can..." Steve began reluctantly after a few seconds. "We can serve as father figures if you want, Peter.”
"It's just another date on the calendar, Tony.”
Tony thought, entering the room.
"How lucky we are," Tony grabbed his bag and headed downstairs, with Steve following him closely. "We have only a little more than a mile to the final destination.”
Watching through windows--you're wondering
Tony closed the distance between him and Steve, leaning his body against his and, without waiting for any confirmation beyond Steve’s lack of resistance and his firm hands on his waist, Tony, with his heart pounding with excitement or nervousness, he couldn’t quite say which one, kissed him.
Steve’s eyes took in his whole vision and they were distressed, looking all over Tony’s face looking for something, trying to help. Tony wanted to say that it wasn’t his fault. Steve couldn’t control the fact that he was who he was, the most incredible, generous, funny person in a unique, sensitive way, and perfect in every way that Tony could think of, even in the flaws. Tony was the crooked vase there, the wrong piece. He just couldn’t say it. His throat was closed, his eyes filled with tears. He shook his head, trying, in one last effort, to tell Steve that it was a futile effort to reach him. Tony was hopeless.
“How many days did the pollen effects last?”
control Hades.”
Steve smiled the brightest of smiles and kissed Tony with all his passion and with all the happiness that those words had multiplied within him. Tony was the love of his life, his reason, his root in this crazy world since Steve had left that block of ice. Apparently confusing love with hate was quite easy when nobody says anything, when neither side takes the initiative to take the first step. It took the two of them to get lost in order to finally have the courage to seek and find each other.
“You're very naïve if you think you're going to be able to stop me,” the A.I.M. leader said. “Nothing can stop my greatest creation and destroy the Avengers will be perfect to show the world what we are capable of.”
“Immediately.”
“I can’t take it anymore, Steve,” Tony said, his head against the icy glass.
“You haven’t seen anything yet.”
looking through the same lenses, Tony's racing heart wasn’t so unheard of. Maybe it's happened a lot more than Tony had ever realized.
“When I was still alive, still during the Civil War,” Steve said, without changing his voice, without approaching. “I told myself that I hated you.”
Tony leaned over, opened one of the drawers, and took the remote control of the air conditioning. Immediately the windows closed automatically, sealing the house in a pleasantly cool setting at sixty-eight degrees. He pushed his sneakers out of his feet and smiled.
“Tony, what’s wrong with you? What's the matter? The pollen’s gone, that’s a good thing, isn’t it?”
They walked the few steps that separated them from the quinjet and found Natasha, Bucky, Hulk and Peter.
“No one can ever say otherwise.”
Steve looked at Tony and those blue eyes like the open sea never ceased to amaze Tony, and always made him want to drown in there and never leave. The soldier considered all the options for a moment then shrugged. “We’d be here anyway, protecting the Tower from anything that could attack us. If any of those other wizards he talked about come, we'll be prepared.” Steve smiled and looked at Tony through his long lashes. “Together, as we always do.”
“I wanna see the flower.”
“So, you need a vault?” Tony asked, finally understanding what Strange wanted there.
“What?” Tony asked, barely holding back his smile of excitement.
“Oh, darling. Liking is an understatement that doesn’t even come close to how it felt,” Tony said, turning to admire the view from the window again. Steve laughed and it was wonderful. They were them again.
After almost two hours of vigil in the dark, Tony was rewarded with a person walking out of the building, straight onto the roof, not caring about the snow covering everything, and walking slowly to the edge, with his hands in his pockets, head down, thoughtful. The person rested his hands on the rail and raised his head, causing Tony to choke. It was really him. There he was, his friend, the person without whom his life was incomplete and, most importantly: he was alive and really breathing. Steve Rogers was there, in the building across the street.
“Sure,” Tony replied without hesitation. “I’m a scientist. Being curious and irresponsible is what I do best. Why?”
Steve blinked, surprised. “I thought that after all these years it was obvious,” he laughed. “You can’t fool the heart, Tony. We can try to run away from it, run as fast as we can, pretend it’s not there, disguise the evidence, but in the end, it always wins. Love always resurfaces, getting bigger and stronger. Especially after adversities, like the ones we always go through. So yes, Shellhead, I love you.”
“Help me get back to being myself,” Tony asked, grabbing Steve’s arms tightly. “Steve, please, help me.”
"And why did you stop?" Tony asked taking another sip of his coffee.
"Son, this is Tony Stark, your lawyer," Steve introduced. "Aunt Natasha sent him to help you."
“We'll see, Mr. I founded Vegas.”
“Help how?” She was talking loudly now, and Steve was relieved. She needed to exorcise all those demons and she could never manage to keep her cool. He was almost sure it was his other version who had taught her all these things and Steve had to restrain himself from smiling.
"Call me in thirty minutes. I'm gonna take a shower and get some coffee.”
“Tony?” Steve called in a neutral, calm voice.
Silence in comms.
Tony had to give that to the pollen. It was truly powerful if it could make Tony see the reality like he would like it to be. So, why not enjoy it while he could, right?
"Karaoke!" Clint screamed and ran to the small stage in the back, with Thor right behind him.
"It was clear how much you wanted to be close to each other, Steve. How much you
“I’m sorry,” Tony said quietly, looking at Steve.
"I have no plans for today.”
The silence reigned and Tony felt terrible. He hid his face between his knees and sighed. Steve was gone. So that was it. Tony would die alone there, with a huge erection and an even greater lust for Steve.
"There is Sam, who is my friend from the Army days, we started together and he is still there. There is Bucky, who is my childhood friend and who is married to Natasha, who you already know."
Tony just needed the courage to approach. He knew that in the final count, Steve was the light between them and Tony was, well, a walking disgrace, full of traumas and defects, and with his heart resting on a metal crutch that pierced his chest, leaving him full of strange and painful scars. Not to mention all the trauma that Howard had left behind. Tony shook his head. He didn't want to go that way that night. They were off duty. Just happy thoughts.
to be you.” They both got close, sticking their bodies together, both erections touching for the first time, eliciting moans from them. Steve held Tony with one arm, keeping him close and, with his free hand, taking advantage of that both cocks were licking precome, Steve held them and stroked them together, making Tony scream and mark Steve’s back with his nails.
"I can't catch anything," Steve managed to smile between his hard breathes. "Super-soldier serum bonus. Besides, I trust you."
"But I wanted to know how the battle was."
“Reliving?” Tony felt his brain working frantically. “Did you go back in time?”
Unfortunately, a short time later, I discovered such a big secret, a secret that wasn't mine to tell, that, for the first time in a long time, I didn't know what to do. I didn't have an answer for what to do with that information, that was so serious, and had the power to transform our lives forever. I thought of you before anything. I thought about how you would feel, how it would affect your life, how you would react. Then I wondered if it would bring us together or tear us apart.
"All right," Tony said, picking up his stack of chips.
Tony was taken from his silent observation and found Nick Fury at his side, holding a beer.
He helped Steve kick his pants off and let Steve sit him on the edge of the bed. Thankfully, because, honestly, he didn’t quite know how much longer his legs would last after so many emotions that night.
"Please don’t stop to look at me. Keep doing what you were doing.”
Tony fell on Steve, not caring about his cum all over Steve's chest and stayed there, limbs limp and with no strength left to move.
"Rhodey, as far as we know we have a corrupt cop in there forging evidence and trying to frame a sixteen-year-old boy for murder. So I don't trust Ross and anyone else in there, and I don't know how far I can ask them for things," Tony made his best lost puppy face. "I only got you, Rhodey."
"I don’t know," Tony said. "Parents, I think.”
“Steve, I-”
“Can I ask you a question?”
Tony remembers waking up in his workshop, lying on a stretcher, surrounded by his robots and tools. How did he get there? He had no idea. “Jarvis?” Tony called.
the tone was a little more insistent. Steve turned his face to look at him. Tony's face had a funny expression. It was smooth, even sweet. His eyes were fixed on Steve, paying attention to every detail. "I'm not judging you, Steve. As you said, I'm here to help. To help
"Are you asking me out to dinner, Tony?" And the jackass smirked.
"I heard you just got back from Dubai," Fury said.
"All the time." Steve let one leg hang over the edge of the counter and, folding the other, sat between Tony's legs.
Instead of talking, Steve slipped his hands under Tony and lifted him from the counter, holding him to his body. Tony tightened his legs around his waist. Without stopping kissing, sucking and exploring Tony's mouth and neck, Steve turned and walked up the stairs, toward the far door in the hallway. Inside the room, Steve put Tony on his feet gently and pulled away enough to run his fingers through Tony's messy hair, which shivered with the soft touch.
“You know, Tony,” Steve said, getting up and walking over to the roof rail. “We’ve both been through a lot lately, together and apart. I know I wasn’t told everything I’d like to know. And I’m pretty sure they didn’t tell you that much, either,” Steve stuffed his hands in the front pockets of his pants and shrugged. It had started to snow. “So why don’t you do us a favor and come over here? I don’t want to and I’m not going to fight with you, Tony. I don’t know what they told you, but I know what you’re thinking now, and that’s not it. I just…” Steve sighed and the air condensed in front of him. “I just wanted to see you.”
"Don’t you want me to tell Captain that you arrived?"
“Yes.” Steve smiled. “I was told it was your idea.”
“Steve?”
“What for? We were already on our way back,” Steve frowned and Tony smiled.  “It's all right, Stevie.” He put a hand on the soldier's shoulder, that smiled lightly. “You won’t be able to get rid of me that easy.”
". That was exactly what it was: "I
“Okay, Friday, what do we got?” Tony asked A.I. as soon as he landed with Steve in the middle of the others.
"So does he know?"
Steve said nothing. He wasn’t even looking at Tony. He faced his own hands, crossed over the island. Tony just waited, because now he had all the time in the world. He felt light, as if the weight of the world had been lifted off his back. He had no idea what time of night it was, but he didn’t care. Now Steve knew and it was up to him to decide what to do with all that information. It was no longer Tony’s task.
“Okaaay,” Tony stretched the vowel, frowning, because he still couldn't believe that was really happening. “Let me see if I got it right,” Tony started. “You came here today, invaded my Tower, took us by surprise with your visit - you could've at least called before, don't you think? - and came to ask us to be bodyguards for a
It didn't take long for Tony to hear footsteps coming down the stairs next to the kitchen, and soon Steve appeared, looking not exactly better, but more cheerful. Tony was in the middle of a sip of water and took the opportunity to take a quick look. Steve was a gorgeous man. No, scratch that. Steve was an
The back ramp opened with a hiss and Wanda and Peter went down first, chatting excitedly about which movie would be best for the weekend session, with Steve, Tony and Bruce right behind.
Tony straightened his posture and pressed the phone to his ear. "Talk to me."
Tony felt something inside him squirm uncomfortably. Steve had tried to change his past. Had he tried not to be frozen? Had he tried not to be an Avenger? Had he tried to never meet Tony?
“Since I first saw you, I knew I would never forget you. I knew I would never forget your face again.
"Thanks, Friday," Tony said, tapping the reactor in his chest twice, pulling back the armor, revealing his dark jeans and black T-shirt. “Any news?”
Natasha shook her head.
“Then let's go in and find that weapon,” Clint said as he fired an explosive arrow.
“Tony, you don't have to-” Steve tried to say.
"I have no idea where we are, but it's beautiful," Steve commented, watching the landscape pass through the window.
to have sex, as quickly as possible, with the person I
The silence in the interrogation room was almost tangible.
"No use to argue," Clint threw his hands up and focused on biting his sandwich.
Tony shrugged.
Tony staggered back, his hands groping for support that he found on the opposite wall. “Is this some kind of terrible joke?”
Natasha smiled.
Tony got up from the bed, but his legs got trapped in the blanket and he fell on all fours, letting his cell phone slide across the floor.
Tony choked on the whiskey.
, Tony snorted at his own thoughts. Of course, he needed to worry about Steve. Steve seemed to be strong, unstoppable, always ready for anything, but the truth was that he needed a port to return to, a north to guide him. Tony knew that. He knew that Steve was needing to establish himself at that moment, because something had taken from him everything that Steve was sure of. Tony just wasn’t sure how to help, or what Steve’s words meant.
“Do you really think that?”
Steve almost knocked over his chair to get up quickly. He looked at Tony, who smiled at him and nodded that Steve could go ahead. Suddenly, Steve was hyper aware of where he was going, who he was approaching to. My son.
"Chill out," Steve said, smiling wryly as he opened the bottle. "I'm not going to get you drunk. I need you focused."
"And how many times have you traveled in Heimdall’s portals?" Natasha raised an eyebrow.
Tony set the empty plate on the counter and watched the man in front of him.
Steve finally smiled.
"But I'm enjoying it, my love." Steve smiled, leaving a trail of kisses on Tony's shoulder and making him go mad with the contrast of Steve's cold breath against his warm skin.
“Well, it wasn’t my best choice, but Thor and I managed to drive his lightning bolts with my shield, hitting straight into your new reactor. It worked, but you remained unconscious,” Steve shrugged sheepishly and looked away.
” Tony said with a heavy breath.
“Friday, where is Steve?”
Tony cleared his throat, trying not to look uncomfortable. After that first night with Steve, he’d forgotten what it was like to not smile and look serious. Since that first night, all the dreams that Tony thought impossible had come true and all of them had to do with Steve sleeping and waking up every day by his side, hugging him, kissing him, and making him sigh with every touch and every loving look. Pretending that none of that was happening simply because Strange was there seemed pretty unfair, but Steve had insisted that it’d avoid many discomforts and embarrassing explanations. “No. Absolutely none.”
“Die faster, stupid monster!” Hulk screamed and punched one of the heads, making the hydra unbalanced.
"I'm gonna hide your can opener and you'll never get out of that armor again."
Natasha blinked and let out the air she didn’t realize she was holding. All those things didn’t make much sense to her. Mechanical engineering and energy were Tony's specialty and unfortunately he wasn’t present. Tony's memory made Natasha scowl, because her memory failed her once again in trying to relate everything she was seeing. Was there a connection, or was she just tired?
“According to my analysis at the time, you felt temporary effects of the flower’s pollen, Captain Rogers, but only while you smelled the flower. That’s why your perception of how the flower smelled was completely different from that Sir had.” Jarvis said. “However, the super soldier serum that runs through your veins blocked the harmful effects of the pollen as soon as it entered into your bloodstream, leaving it clean. Thus you did not experience the same symptoms as Mr. Stark.”
More infinite moments passed as the geniuses in the room thought, but from different points of view, when Liz finally lifted her head and looked at Tony.
ask questions," the typing sound started again.
"Who are you?"
Liz walked away and smiled.
Tony thought with a small smile.
Steve laughed through his nose, but tried to hide it. “I saw your footprints in the snow.”
Tony shrugged.
Tony leaned his head back, resting on Steve’s shoulder. “Okay,” he sighed heavily, making a little drama. “I can live with that.”
"Okay, then. Shall we go see your son?"
“Because everyone gets back what they offered.” Strange smirked. “See you in a few days.” He then turned his back on Tony, spun his arm in the air a few times, opening a portal framed of light, which would take him straight to his living room at the Sanctum Sanctorum.
Steve nodded. “When we arrived, you were barely hanging on, completely unconscious, but Pepper didn’t tell us all the why. I know now. But at the time, she simply asked us to save you, because all the other steps in your instructions had already been followed. Only our part, mine and Thor’s was missing.”
“Can I ask a question?” Friday asked.
"How's the heat?" Tony asked.
Steve looked at him with a pained look. “I said I should have stayed there with you.”
“Tony,
“Hawkeye is right,” Steve said. “Thor, clear the way. Hulk, open a passage.”
Everyone looked at Steve.
“What's up, Mr. Stark? Is everything all right?”
“My parents are Tony Stark and Steve Rogers.” The girl smiled and it was Tony's turn to squeal. He grabbed Steve's leg.
Steve blinked and his eyes darted away, as if he’d forgotten and only now remembered something.
Tony's head was made with cotton, his vision was blurry and his only point of clarity was Steve. He glowed and nothing else existed. Tony wanted him close,
And then, Tony was forced to stop as fast as he was ready to fight when he saw Stephen Strange standing there, watching everything calmly, with his long black hair waving along with his cloak, in the light breeze of that late afternoon, and holding an ornamented box.
Slowly, Steve licked Tony's length, like he was the best popsicle in the world, going up and down, sucking the balls with patience, making the cock grow harder and harder, and coming back to pay attention to the head, now leaking precome, which Steve licked almost with devotion.
Tony opened his eyes first, not because he was the morning person there - no, that was always Steve’s role - but he was lying facing the big window that took over almost the entire right wall of the room, and the rays of the sun completely hit his face.
Tony felt himself warm from head to toe and an impertinent smile broke across his face.
“Anytime, Captain.”
he kicked the blanket and crawled over to the phone. "Pepper?"
He blinked, coming to himself for a moment. “What did Strange say about opening the box?” Tony thought out loud. His gaze was drawn again to the box, which seemed to shine enigmatically. Tony shrugged. “Who cares what Strange said, right?” He gently touched the arabesques that surrounded the box, letting his fingers be drawn to the latch. “One little peek isn't gonna hurt anyone. Besides, Hocus Pocus will never know!” Tony laughed at his own joke and opened the latch.
Tony's body agreed. He had neglected many hours of sleep in the last few days, for various reasons, doing overtime in the lab, developing new projects, or thinking about Steve. Sleep had come in good time.
"No, he can’t.”
Steve smiled.
"I indeed talked to Hercules, Captain," Thor said. "But my Greek friend told me he was not aware of any abnormalities. However, he gave me his word that he would stand by and warn us if something
Tony smirked. “You’re not the only one who has been through a few good times lately.”
and he started walking towards the police station again.
“We tried to talk,” Steve said at last.
Then, a few seconds later, he started speeding up again.
"Your friend doesn’t like his own birthday and wouldn’t let me throw him a party," Tony threw his arms up, remembering his conversation with Steve about it. "So I planned to throw a party with the excuse that we would celebrate the beginning of Peter's summer...”
“I know. But I wish you had trusted me earlier. I always trusted you, Tony, even when you thought that outside that armor you weren’t someone trustworthy.”
You gave me yourself.”
It was like a mantra that attracted him.
"On your way back," Ross stopped them before they could continue. "We'll continue our conversation," Steve nodded without saying a word. Ross pointed to an approaching man. He was tall, black-skinned, with a rigid posture and all of him shouted seriousness and appreciation for rules. His eyes were fixed on Steve as he approached, and Steve had the feeling that the feelings in them were anger, disgust and contempt towards him. But the man's expression cleared when he saw Tony. Surprise, amazement, and bewilderment took over his features and Steve was sure the man knew his lawyer from somewhere else. The unknown man stopped in front of Steve and looked him in the eye.
“You could be wearing a space suit and I'd still think you were the most handsome man in the universe. I guess the space suit would be easier to take out of you though.”
"You don’t have to sound so surprised.”
Tony was spiraling, feeling like he was about to jump off a cliff,
"I've gotten used to you getting me hot coffee every morning in the lab. I couldn’t let you get crushed." Tony shrugged and smirked.
"They're all asleep, Captain. It seems that this morning's fight required a lot from everyone.”
Tony stepped back and looked at him, smiling.
"You may even try to dodge, but you’d never let Peter go and stay three months away."
Tony thought.
person exist?”
“The idea was that if one failed, the other could replace it.” Bruce shrugged apologetically.
Steve?”
my parents die in the middle of a hell. I
And, thirty minutes later, Tony's phone came on announcing Natasha's video call. Tony set the phone on the counter in the suite's living room and let the holographic screen come alive, showing Natasha's face with the spy's room in the background.
“You understood perfectly well, Stark. No wonder they call you a genius,” Strange smirked.
"Your turn," Tony said.
“You look beautiful in my shirt,” Steve looked Tony up and down, warming up Tony’s entire body in the process. Tony already felt that his boiling point was close. He shrugged, pretending nonchalance. “It was the first thing I found thrown around the room. I thought you wouldn’t mind if I borrowed it.”
Tony looked at Steve one more time and wasn’t surprised to find the soldier staring at him, his eyes inscrutable. Maybe he was imagining things.
As always, kudos and comments are always welcome!
The girl lifted her head and nodded, staring at the wall behind Natasha. Tony heard Steve gasp and fall into a chair.
“Jarvis?”
“Everything I wanted most when I saw you that day,” Steve continued, his voice stronger, more confident. “Was to come to you and say that I wanted that fight to end. The problem is that, at the time, we both wanted it, but on our terms. The War blinded us. We talked and talked and talked.” Steve sighed. “We walked through the mansion’s gardens and, after I told you why I thought I was right, you told me that I was a blind man who never saw how inadequate everyone has always been around me. How
“Captain Rogers is in his dorm right now, sir.”
“No. Before that... what did you call me?”
“It's here.” Tony turned too fast, because the whole world spun and he could only be hallucinating because Steve Rogers, wearing his civilian clothes, was entering his workshop, carrying his first aid kit.
Steve shrugged. “Don’t judge yourself so hard. It wasn’t a mission or anything.” He suddenly stopped and looked sideways at Tony. “It wasn’t a mission, was it?”
“Oh, my fucking lord, you’re asking politely to suck my dick? Steve Rogers, you’re so precious I won’t let you leave here anymore,” Tony said and began to unzip his undersuit with trembling hands. “Not until I debauch you.” He fumbled with the undersuit just so deft fingers came to help. Steve was now sitting right in front of him, nestling Tony around his strong legs, helping him get out of that tight undersuit.
Tony allowed himself to sob loudly. Why?
Maybe he could have stopped the shots. Maybe he could have seen where the sniper was positioned. Perhaps he could have been able to predict that something like that would happen. Perhaps he could have thought about improving security. Perhaps. Perhaps. Perhaps. Maybe he shouldn’t have supported the Law. Maybe he could have asked Steve to talk before everything was blown apart. Maybe they could have reached an agreement. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe.
"And how did you get that?" Steve asked.
"That never stopped Captain Rogers from coming down here before.”
“Hmm?”
“Talk to me, Tony.”
“Mine.”
you in me." Steve was panting and his skin began to glow with sweat, but his gaze to Tony was intense and filled with the purest desire.
"Does anyone know what we're dealing with?" Tony asked as his nano-technological armor framed his body.
"You're very lucky, you know that?"
“Everything,” Steve said, without looking away.
"No, Hulk and I are fine." Bruce waved his hand, dismissing Thor's concern. "What has been stressing me out are Bucky and Sam, who have now met Peter." Bruce sighed. "As if Wanda and Vision weren't enough."
“I hope your idea works,” Clint said to Steve.
"Well, that's great," Natasha tried to sound more excited than worried. "So you know what we're doing and we just want to help you. Come with us. Or do you have somewhere else to go?”
“Don’t think, baby,” Steve said, finally looking at Tony. “Enjoy the love.”
“Ask the question you want to ask,” Steve said in a low but steady voice.
Tony kept thrusting, until Steve cried loud when Tony found his prostate and stayed there for a while, teasing.
“I get it, Rogers. I'll never be able to reach your standards and neither would you have the stomach to help me. Everything's fine. Just… just go away. You can let me handle this on my own.” Tony's voice was much more confident than he felt inside. “I’ll find a way, like I always do.” It was too much humiliation for one day. Being intoxicated by a flower that turned everything Tony felt for Steve into an insane and pulsating desire, leaving Tony out of his mind, with space to think and want Steve and nothing else.
I hope you like how this unusual family reunion is going to take place.
he thought, as an image of Steve Rogers in his Captain America uniform tore Tony's suit off in the middle of a conference room, bent him over the conference table and fucked him until he made Tony forget his own name. Tony’s mouth went dry. Tony slowly looked down, following his own body with his eyes, noticing how his chest rose and fell quickly, how his heart beat too fast, until his gaze landed on the volume between his legs, which increased more with each thought about Steve. Tony's eyes widened, pure terror overtaking him.
“First, it's definitely not a myth. But sex-pollen, Steve, only truly works in a very specific situation.” Tony knelt on the floor and crawled over to Steve until he was on his knees in front of him. Tony took him by the shoulders and Steve held Tony by the waist, taking a pleasure sigh from Tony’s mouth. “Can you imagine what specific situation it is?”
"As for you seeing your son, Captain," Ross turned to Steve. "I'm going to ask one of my men to take the boy to one of the visiting rooms. It won't take long," the Chief walked around the table and headed for the door. "I'll be right back," and so Steve and Tony were alone inside Chief Ross's office. Before the two could exchange a word, Ross returned and stood at the doorframe, holding the door open. "You two can come."
Tony fought the urge to go to the other side and hug him, comfort him, say that everything was fine now, that Steve was at home, that Tony was there with him, that Tony would protect him this time. Having Steve being so honest, sincere and vulnerable did things to Tony’s heart that Tony hadn’t allowed himself to feel for a long time.
“Come on, darling, give me what you have there. Come for me and let
Ok. Enough talking. Hope you like it! xo
So this sixth chapter is just a breath until what we're all waiting for (yes, I know you guys are as eager for their weekend as I am!)
“As you wish, sir.”
"What's it?" Tony asked.
"Food, then." She looked at the screen and waited.
"I'll remember that tomorrow morning," Steve said with a wink.
"Steve, dear. I have my contacts," he could hear a condescending smile in her voice. "And that's why you called me, wasn't it?"
"Okay. As long as you forget to call me Mr. Rogers. I earn about seventy years for every 'sir' you say," they both laughed. It was easy.
" the disbelief in Natasha's voice was evident.
“I love you more,” Steve said, and then the fire burned everything.
Steve crawled on the bed and, from the nightstand drawer, took out a condom and a tube of lube and showed them to Tony.
Tony took another look at the drawings on his monitor before answering.
"And you're waiting for what to do the same? I'm not going to carry everyone to Queens.”
“I love you, honey bun,” he said, his voice breaking in the end.
“Completely.”
I’m part of the academic decathlon team, he was part of the athletics team. He was a year older than I am and he had friends who weren’t friends with me or my friends. We never even took classes together, Mr. Stark. I don't even know where he lived. How could I have killed someone I didn't even know? Why would I have a reason for that?"
Steve Rogers was back.
"Tony," Steve's voice was hoarse, but he continued. "You are Tony Stark and you are helping me," he saw that Tony was smiling. His mind started to look like what he was used to again and the world to look less gelatinous. "You are my lawyer," Steve continued, because talking about Tony was apparently a good remedy for the panic to go away. "My
Tony looked at him through his long lashes and snorted in exasperation. “You can’t expect me to stand looking at you all dressed up after you tell me all these things.” With a single tug, he removed Steve’s pants and underwear at the same time, reveling in the sight of Steve’s cock right in front of him, big, upright, heavy and inviting. Tony’s mouth watered.
He shrugged. “I don’t know, it just came out.”
Tony laughed softly and shrugged. "I try."
Steve smiled at him and stretched his hand toward the engineer, who released his armor to entwine his fingers with his husband's. Since Thanos had wiped out half the universe, one thing had become very clear to Tony: he loved Steve Rogers. It was something he could no longer deny or try to hide behind other relationships (poor Pepper, she endured for a long time, Tony had to acknowledge her effort) and he had almost lost him forever. Fortunately, Steve survived and they were able, with the remainder of the original Avengers and other surviving heroes, defeating Thanos and restore life in the universe. After such an unimaginably large task, they deserved to be happy, right? Thanks to Odin, Steve thought the same and better, he felt the same. A few months after the last battle against the Mad Titan, the two were married and Tony couldn’t imagine himself more complete. He was taken from his thoughts by Steve's voice.
every minute of it. So that's what I intend to do.”
A sudden glare hurt Tony's retinas, even with his eyes closed. He immediately sat on the bed and covered his eyes.
"Your food will get cold," Tony managed, for the first time not giving a damn about coffee.
"Will this ever end?" Steve asked after a time neither of them counted.
"What I'm trying to say is that it's great to see you and Tony together. You do well for each other. More than that, you
The reason?
Everyone shook their heads.
“Doctor Strange, to what do I owe the
Steve had his back to him, wearing khaki pants, navy blue T-shirt, and holding a coat of the same color in hand, facing the large windows, watching New York below. He turned and,
“Can you tell me how exactly these incursions work?” Natasha continued with the questioning.
“Did you have an epiphany here this morning?” Steve asked, his voice full of curiosity.
“I also promised it. Together, remember?”
Tony let out a nervous laugh, that sounded fake even to him. “Why do you think I still have something to tell? I already said everything.”
"And why is it attacking us?" Steve asked.
In recent days, since the mission in Alaska, Tony had been thinking a lot about his relationship with Steve since they met and he’d realized that he’d never related to others as he relates to Steve. He never reacted to others as he reacts to Steve. And unconsciously, during all this time, he neglected all these effects, but something has changed. Steve has changed, although Tony doesn’t know why. How could that phrase have come from Steve's mouth, but not from his mouth?
“As you might imagine, if you’re following the timeline, a few days after Urich’s visit to my office, you died. After that, the Skrulls came and, with their defeat, came the distrust in me and the arrival of Norman Osborn on the scene.” Tony sighed, thinking about what it must’ve been like to deal with that maniac. Tony didn’t mind not remembering that. “He was responsible for pulling the trigger on the gun that killed Skrull Queen right in the middle of Central Park, in front of dozens of cameras, which broadcast him on national television as the hero the country needed ... the hero I wasn’t. For all these reasons, he found himself in the position of savior of the world, and took the opportunity to present the government with a plan apparently better than what we had, and introduced himself as someone more
That seemed to encourage Steve, who took another step towards Tony. “I see the sun. A star so beautiful, powerful and warm, that everyone wants to stay around when it suits, but that many underestimate, that many even forget that it’s there, but it is, looking after each one of us, taking care, thinking about what’s best for us all.”
"You will never have the Earth under these dirty hands!" Thor screamed and ran toward Ares, who screamed back and ran toward Thor. With an unimaginable leap, the two curled up in the air, and with the impact, a gust of wind blew the windows of the surrounding buildings.
Tony narrowed his eyes. “You’re a menace, did you know that?”
Inside there was a table set, full service, drinks already served, and the special order of the night already fully operational at the back of the room, with the colored lights flashing and the TV on.
Tony tried to get up, but the best he could do was sit on his heels.
And the lab was no longer silent.
“Tony, talk to me, please.”
Jarvis's voice startled Tony. “Yes?”
(See the end of the chapter for
you and I will learn from your mistakes and adapt to them. They make you who you are.” Steve smiled. “As for being the one to blame for my death, that merit is Red Skull’s, not yours. And I went to trial for my actions. I went to war against you because I wanted to. I knew what I was doing. Or at least I
“Very well, Cap, your carriage awaits you.”
“And the other situation?” Natasha did not miss the clear division there: the heavyweights, with the exception of Thor and Vision, had all been scaled to Queens, leaving her, Sam and Clint on the other mission. She narrowed her eyes suspiciously.
They walked for a few minutes, following Friday's instructions to locate themselves inside the A.I.M. base, until they reached the elevator that gave access to the basement.
Steve's heart hammered in his ears, his hands were cold and his world threatened to turn to jelly, but he needed to be steady, a rock, a safe haven for his son, who,
Tony laughed mentally. He had millions of things he wanted to shout for the world to hear, but he just couldn’t find the right words. He wanted to be able to rip his heart out of his chest and show it to Steve. It would be more effective, mistake and misinterpretation proof, of lack of words good enough.
Tony tapped his forehead twice with his fingertips. “In here.”
"I think that when you really want something, the wait is worth it, even if it takes time."
"Romanoff."
Tony laughed louder. “Oh, my, Strange, it was supposed to be a joke!”
“You like what you see?” Was it Tony or was Steve getting breathless?
"Hulk doesn't want tomorrow. Hulk wanted today.”
Steve blinked. "I thought you knew."
“I wish I could,” Tony said, his fingers running over the keyboard and his frantic eyes reading the codes on the screen in front of him. “It seems that the Scientist Supreme here was well guarded this time,” A counter appeared on the bomb's monitor and a one-minute countdown began. “He added a detonator to the programming code if the weapon was deactivated externally.”
“We have reports of Doombots attacking in Queens, near Queens College,” Captain continued. “We have many schools in the area and many civilians on the way. Me, Tony, Wanda and Bruce are going there.”
Steve was clearly confused. His eyes darted back and forth across the kitchen island, without focusing on any specific object. He seemed to do the math and tried to put together a timeline that made no sense to him. Tony then had his answer. No, Steve didn’t know about his memory loss and he wasn’t sure which feeling to choose to live that moment. He had several at his disposal. In the end, Tony chose relief with doses of apprehension. It seemed appropriate.
Tony forgot for a moment how to breath. Steve knew how to be convincing like few others and managed to convince Tony with an alarming ease. He was assertive, but always so kind, sweet and warm. Tony just wanted to do whatever Steve asked him, without even thinking twice.
was one of the first things you heard about when you came back from the dead, then you must imagine what public opinion must have said about what the Director of the largest spy agency in the world should know about it.” Tony frowned. “Everyone blamed me for not knowing that the Skrulls were among us and for letting things escalate to the point where they arrived. Besides, those damn green aliens with the weird chin infected my technology, rendered the Extremis useless, making me practically dead weight during the battle against them. Everyone thought I was helping the enemy when, in fact, I was being sabotaged. Add to that the fact that rumors that I had benefited from the Civil War to get rich spread, and that’s it. You have a witch hunt targeting me.”
When Tony realized, Steve was kneeling in front of him, looking at him with those hypnotic blue eyes, full of expectation, love and devotion. Steve was loving him, simply leaving behind all the mistakes and pain and showing Tony that this was, in fact, the start of them together for real. Steve loved him. He wouldn’t be smiling, kneeling there, unbuckling Tony’s belt if he didn’t love him, right?
“Oh, no, Tony. C’mon, focus on me.”
“I don’t know what's going on here,” Tony said, his words coming out quickly. “But it's not possible that we have anything to do with this girl!”
“Well, we need to decide what food we’re going to serve, what we’ll have in the bar, the music and if we’ll have decoration.”
“Well, Liz,” Natasha said, and the two walked away to pay attention. “You met some of the members when we met you at Lincoln Center...”
I-I’m sorry, let me try making it up to you.” Steve would do anything. “What have I done?”
"I'll
Steve looked at Stephen Strange and his face was red under his helmet. Tony was sure he was sweating more with every half-truth. Because, no, Captain America never lied. “Yes. Sure. We ... hmmm, we have a meeting now, sweetie.”
“I don’t deserve you, Steve,” Tony spoke softly, defeated and tired.
Tony looked at him, unable to understand.
Tony turned his whole body in the direction of the odor and realized that he was sitting, leaning on something hot, soft and solid at the same time, and enveloping him.
You're all my eyes can see"
Without waiting for another invitation, Steve took off Tony's shirt, threw it away, and leaned over to traverse Tony's chest with kisses, past his collarbone, through his abdomen and back to kiss the scars of the arc reactor. Tony swallowed. With all that excitement, he had forgotten this small but important detail. He had always been confident about his own body, but no one had ever done anything like that. Steve kissed the scars almost with devotion, with a delicacy that left Tony out of breath - and this had nothing to do with the heat of the moment. Tony had never felt so naked and so safe in his life. Steve would never hurt him. There was only love.
“Deal. But don’t let him know.”
"I know. And I
Tony looked at him intently.
"You didn’t expect all this
"Showdown, then." Steve shrugged.
"And I'm still hungry," Tony said, still looking sadly at what was left of his feast.
“Tony?” Steve called. He tried hard not to call the engineer because he knew he needed to focus and the simple thought in Tony destabilized Steve. But he needed to hear Tony's voice, to know he was there.
Strange closed his eyes and took a deep breath once before looking back at Tony and Steve. “You opened the box.” His voice was ominously calm. The hairs on the back of Tony's neck stood on end. One thing was villains making threats. They were usually empty or simple to get around. The problem was when powerful friends and allies lowered their voices in situations where screams and curses were expected. Exactly like now.
“Get off with that disgusting snake. Its breath is giving me a headache.”
am easy to read,” Steve smiled, but the smile faded quickly and he frowned.
were desperate.” Steve was already losing his patience with the zippers and had already started to tear the invisible seams.
"Look who's all sassy." Tony finished the rest of the coffee and took the mug to the sink, where he leaned next to Steve, facing the kitchen entrance. "Since when are you so petulant, Stevie-pie?"
Tony was taken by surprise. He expected anything but that. Throughout the War, Tony always imagined Steve on the other side wanting Tony’s head on a silver platter, never someone who was - no, scratch that - not someone who
"The point is, I think it's great.”
"No, I wouldn't," Tony admitted. "And it's an injustice that you know me so well."
“We need you to investigate Doom and see if you can figure out if he's planning something,” Steve said.
"That's why you're here, Steve," Tony continued with a little smile. "That's why this is
“Sated.”
"Of course," he turned to Natasha. "Prepare the fireworks.”
“To lose you again,” Tony found himself speaking quietly. “But this time I will remember everything.” He looked at Steve, took a deep breath and continued. It was now or never. “I’m afraid to accept that it’s no longer possible to separate our lives, because every time I try to move away, chaos sets in and I realize that I can’t imagine my life without you. I’m afraid to open my heart, as I’m doing now, and to give you my heart in the end, and confess that I’m in your hands. I tried to stay away, to forget, but the truth? Do you want the truth?” Steve nodded and Tony resigned himself. It was about time to stop the lies, to deny the evidence. Tony squeezed Steve’s hands. “The truth is, I am and I have always been crazy about you, Steve.” Tony realized that since he had arrived at the apartment, that was the first time he had said Steve’s name out loud. It tasted good, sweet and comfortable in Tony’s tongue, as if it were meant to be spoken by Tony all the time.
He had always loved Steve. Even when he thought he didn’t, even when he thought he had gotten over it, even when he thought he hated Steve, even when he was with other people trying to deceive himself. All that time he loved Steve more than anything. All that time he wanted Steve by his side and he wanted to be by Steve’s side. During all those moments when he told himself that feeling was a lie, all he wanted most was to be where he was now, in Steve’s arms, opening his heart, being loved back, no longer needing to hide, being able to be himself. He can be powerful with Steve, he can be whatever he wanted, because Steve would always be there to support him, to be the voice of reason when Tony exaggerated; to go with Tony, even when it was dangerous, because that’s what Steve did: he was always with Tony, side by side.
"No, I
“I know.” Steve looked at him silently. “But I wasn’t there, was I?”
“What do you mean?” Steve asked quietly, his voice shaky.
“Nah-ah!” Tony said loudly, before Happy could answer. “I know what you're trying to do here, but I won’t let you take advantage of Happy's weaknesses.”
"It was."
“What do you have in mind?” Tony asked, still smiling, holding Steve’s cock and lazily stroking him.
Tony forced himself to stand. Then, leaning on the tables and structures in the lab, he staggered back to the vault.
"You're doing a great job," Tony said with his mouth full and Steve laughed.
Tony smiled and, returning to the cock's head, he took it in his mouth and sucked hard.
Tony swallowed hard.
“Justin Hammer and stability in the same sentence doesn’t make any sense, Friday.”
Steve slowly brought Tony close to him and kissed him. Tony could taste the coffee on his tongue and the hand that wasn’t holding the coffee mug flew to Steve’s hair, grabbing it and pinning him in place. Steve groaned and the sound reverberated throughout Tony’s body.
“I tried to save Bucky,” Steve said, reading Tony’s thoughts. “But I couldn’t.”
"Happy," Wanda answered without hesitation. "With the fullest and most peaceful countenance I’ve ever seen in you. I mean, ever since we met, I've never seen you smile so much. Even when you think there's no one watching you, you're smiling.”
Steve opened his eyes wide and smirked. “I can’t disagree with such convincing arguments.”
“What do you mean?”
have killed Jared. We never spoke.
“That was one of the reasons why I sought your help.” Strange confessed.
Before he even entered the common area he had his free hand up, apologizing.
Tony thought. Of course Steve had already said that he loved him countless times since they finally had the courage to open up for each other. But the desire, well, Tony hadn’t imagined it was as intense as all the rest. And if it was possible, that made him love and want Steve even more and only for him forever.
“If it comforts you, I haven’t either,” Steve shrugged.
“Friday?” Tony called.
“Was it intentional for you to come here on this Earth?” Natasha asked.
Liz swallowed hard and Natasha realized that it was painful for her. Something very serious was about to come out and something that had hurt that girl a lot.
“The two of us, together,” Tony kissed Steve. “And I will never feel lonely again, because you will be there, walking this path with me, beside me, won’t you?”
"Says the lawyer who works for us. Shut up, Tony."
"We're going there," Steve said, heading toward the quinjet.
Tony.
“Someone copying?” Steve asked.
Tony narrowed his eyes.
“I'm coming!” Tony was running like a crazy man towards the elevator when, finally, the last part of the armor connected to his undersuit and the hub of the helmet lit up. Tony activated the repulsors and followed the elevator shaft up to the roof.
Peter shrugged. "It was time for another adult to show up to talk to my dad. He’s been very lonely since my mom died, but he tries to pretend not to. But I have eyes, Mr. Stark. I know he needs friends who aren’t his teenager son."
Steve, right
"I'm going too." Natasha got up and was followed by Thor and Hulk.
Stephen Strange smirked. “Consider yourself lucky because,
“What am I to
Tony came back to Steve and took his hand.
The Avengers were gathered in the meeting room, all seated around the large oval table, holding their tablets with the secret files of S.H.I.E.L.D. brought by Fury on A.I.M., Hydra and the Leader, all part of the main presentation he had left in standby mode on the huge holographic screen at the narrow end of the table.
Tony stroked her back, trying to soothe her - or soothe himself, he did not know - as he kissed the top of her head.
"It won’t hurt to try."
Tony slid his finger across the touchscreen, surprised with the number of songs available, until he found the one he was looking for. He then positioned himself in the middle of the stage and the lights began to flash, colored, over him, making Tony look like a beautiful futuristic hologram.
Without further orders, they all headed to their positions, with Thor summoning his lightning to reach the first head and Hulk jumping toward the second and punching it hard. Tony focused his efforts on the third and fourth heads, launching his short-range missiles into its eyes and necks.
“There it is.”
"More than
The girl denied it with her head, her mouth opening and closing, unable to formulate a coherent phrase and her eyes... oh, her eyes... though completely taken by the shock and the tears that flowed uninterruptedly, Steve saw brightness on them. A hopeful, unbelieving glow, but clinging to every possibility.
“You choose. Besides, I have no idea what's in the refrigerator," Steve laughed.
Everyone around the table nodded, including Sam, who was watching perched on the couch behind Natasha.
Someone who was worthy of love.
"We did it," Peter said with a smile in his voice.
Without letting Steve see him, and signing T’Challa to say nothing, Tony stopped right behind the soldier and ordered a double whiskey from the waiter without making a sound. With the glass in hand, Tony took a long swallow and let the drink warm his body.
“The pollen present in the anthers has a substance that comes close to the flavonoid icariin, known for its
“I should’ve stayed there with you,” Steve said quietly.
"Just tell him I'm
Tony smiled his most beautiful smile and that was enough to break Steve, who smiled slightly.
"Yes, Steve?"
There. It was done. If he really had to admit it, he didn’t need anymore.
"For now," Clint said.
Tony let out a nervous laugh, that sounded fake even to him. “Why do you think I still have something to tell? I already said everything.”
As promised, Hercules came shortly afterwards to take Ares and the monsters back to the Greek world with promises to strengthen Tartarus's security and vigilance at Olympus, so that another such situation would not happen again.
“Excuse me?”
“You look much more incredible and tasteful than in my dreams, you know.”
"Thanks, you guys are awesome." He cleared his throat and looked serious. "Friday, what triggered the alarm?"
Tony's heart squeezed. Was it possible that there was still some doubt within Steve that he was everything Tony had always wanted and needed? Could he think that everything that had happened in the last few days, in the last hours, could be somehow temporary? Did Steve have any doubts that Tony loved him with all his soul? Tony put his mug back on the tray, pushed it far enough to give him passage, and careful not to spill everything, crawled over Steve, took the mug from his hands and climbed into his lap, one leg on each side, trapping the soldier underneath. Steve grabbed Tony's waist and smiled.
“What do you have?”
Clint then placed two chips on the table, followed by Tony, who bet four chips.
"I understand you're frustrated," Steve said softly, relievingly. “But you don't need to throw your frustration at them.”
“Jesus, what did that guy put in there?” Sam asked.
“I never wanted to be a martyr,” Steve said quietly.
Sometime later, Steve quickly walked away to catch his breath and he smiled. “What’s it?” Tony asked, all disheveled and out of breath.
"Of everything I told you about
need to forgive
Tony smiled. "Come on. Your dad’s waiting for you."
Before Bruce could protest, Nat dragged him to the stage, leaving Clint and Thor talking animatedly about the next selection of songs, which certainly had to be just duets, if not, what was the purpose of going there, and Steve and Tony. Tony filled his glass with more sake and finished it in three sips. As he refilled the glass, he could feel Steve's gaze burning on his skin.
“And the universe knows how happy and relieved I am to be here witnessing this,” Tony said. “But before, I could only think that you were gone forever and that all I wanted to do was hug you. All I wanted to do was do what I never had the courage to do before. Ironic, isn’t it?” Tony gave a sad smile. “I went back to drinking. Less than before, not to the point of getting drunk, but enough to be able to imagine your voice scolding me. Everything to get you back, even for a few seconds.”
Something was going on there, but Steve didn't have time for that. Not at that moment. Now, he had more important things. Much more important things.
“Great. See you soon, Friday. Take care of everything," Tony said as he stepped into the elevator.
"No, we won’t," Clint said, but he smiled quickly. "You can go relaxed. We’ll take care of everything here.”
"I was." He saw Steve frown and raised his hands. "But I was
"That's ridiculous," Fury folded his arms in front of his body. "I need all of you here.”
"Guys, did you hear that?" Peter said loudly in the comms. “Captain America and Iron Man are going to be my parents. Isn’t that incredible?”
And there, alone again, as if everything that had just happened was just a dream too good to be lived, as if Tony had refused the best of the prizes, he prepared to go home.
“We need to go.”
“Can you tell me your name?”
Tony smiled.
He tightened his arms around Steve. “Let me save you then.”
"Sorry for the delay." His eyes traveled across the table, but he avoided Steve's, deliberately.
"So far it's been the best thing I've ever tasted," he said, and looked at Steve with a mischievous grin and wet his lips with his tongue. Steve's eyes darkened even more, leaving less than fine blue circles around his pupils. "But we're not done yet, are we?"
Tony thought through the confusion of groans that it was no longer possible to know of who they were.
The android released the girl and went to help Thor load the ship to the Quinjet, while Sam, Clint and Natasha escorted Liz into the aircraft.
"Three portals, Captain," AI's voice answered immediately. "One to the north, one to the east and one to the west of the Tower.
“Whose idea was it to set two alarms?” Clint Barton, the Hawkeye, grunted as he set his quiver behind his back.
Steve took a deep breath. Captain's stance. He could do that. It was one of the few things he had never forgotten how to do. It was like riding a bicycle.
“I guess so far so good?” Peter winced when the answer came out as a question.
"Lucky us, you're hotter than the rat," Tony said and, to his horror, Steve chose that moment to get up and make Tony realize that he had said it out loud. In a loud and dreamy voice. Tony was wide-eyed and Steve was as red as the tomatoes he had sliced moments before.
Steve lifted their hand to eye level and kissed Tony's fingertips.
"You need to embody the Army Captain that still exists in you to get through this situation," Tony said, looking back at him. "You need to think of all this as a mission, as if they," he pointed in the direction of the police station. "As if they were your enemies and you needed to go through them during a secret mission, in which no emotion can escape from you. Artist Steve Rogers? With all his sensitivity and empathy? He needs to leave the scene now. You need to get back to be Captain Rogers, able to access your coldness quickly, if you want to go through all of this more or less unscathed."
"Sure," Steve put his glass down and stared at Tony. It was kind of uncomfortable being so close and being the target of Steve's piercing eyes, but Tony was the famous Tony Stark, the lawyer who got it all. He wasn't going to tremble now.
“But what about the other pieces?”
Please let me know of your thoughts about what you read!
“We tried to talk,” Steve said at last.
Steve smiled back, pulled Tony close and gave him a kiss that melted Tony’s legs. “In a
, blessed be the French for that useful expression, when Steve they connected. All his life, Tony felt chained. Now, feeling Steve’s hands on him, all over his body, taking care of him, loving him,
“Well, what changed was that you and I had a fight, I forgot everything, I almost died, and then I found out that you had died,” Tony said without stopping stroking Steve’s hair, but Steve opened his eyes, focusing on Tony’s. “At that moment, when I heard the news, I lost all hope, Steve. Outside I was impassive, telling everyone that I didn’t regret anything, that I would do it all over again if needed, but as soon as I came home at the end of the day, I would curl up in bed and cry myself to sleep, thinking that I would never see you again.”
Rhodes shook his head. "Tony, Tony, this is dangerous."
“And is that a bad thing?” Steve asked, approaching himself to the other.
“You're not alone,” Natasha told the girl. “You told me before that the Avengers existed on your Earth, too, and with values very similar to ours. If you want, you can become part of the team. We have a place for you here, Liz.”
"You heard," Tony said, moving toward the back ramp that opened. "No more heads to grow. Only those four are already ugly enough.”
Tony had never told anyone that, but since he and Steve were there, since they were planning to start over, nothing could be fairer than having no secrets between them. Not even one that big.
Tony laughed through his nose. “Yeah, maybe. But this is what I want people out there to know about me. It’s worked very well. They continue to believe. But the truth?” Steve nodded in agreement. Tony smiled. “The truth is that I was always just a guy, alone, walking along a long and lonely road. I’ve walked fast, I’ve been very slow. I reached the rock bottom of my life and came back bigger than the world ever thought to see me. I’ve given up hope and I’ve been bright light. Because, deep down, I always thought that, in the end, everything would always be the same, that everything would end the same.”
Tony agreed. “There was a funeral for you.”
“Excuse me?”
Tony’s heart was racing.
“Hulk likes this kind of mission!”
“Tony,” Steve said quietly, and that made the engineer turn his head. How could he be so calm? “This girl just said she's eighteen, and you and I are her parents. Do you know what that means?”
It took Steve a few moments to look away from Tony’s perfection to look him in the eye, two pieces of the blue sky of the most perfect summer day, bright, smart, intelligent, scathing, quick, analytical, benevolent and able to express so much love. Tony was incredible, the owner of all the best adjectives that the languages that Steve knew had. He finally focused on the present.
"Good girl," Tony said. "Happy has arrived?"
Steve and Tony exchanged a worried look.
“This is crazy, Tony!” Steve laughed, still unable to believe. "Why didn’t you ever say anything before?"
Steve was back to Tony's face with dark eyes and full of desire and Tony felt his mouth water.
“You told us explicitly not to do that, Doctor.” Steve said, his smile failing in the end.
Fuck my cock. You’re doing great, sweetie,” Steve stroked Tony’s thighs, his pecs, twisted his nipples, he touched every part of Tony he could reach. Tony needed him right now. So he’d be what Tony needed. “Just like that, Tony. Fuck that cock like you’ve always wanted, because it’s yours. Come on, take it for you. Fuck it good, babe! Fuck it real good. You’re so gorgeous and tight, you know that? C’mon, babe, clench that ass on my cock. Take it all for you.
“Go another thirty yards down the hall and you'll find a passage on the left that leads directly to the Scientist Supreme’s weapon.”
“Stop.” Strange raised a hand. Tony shut his mouth and waited. He also knew to recognize when he’d lost a battle. “Your attempt to distract me is pitiful. Please.
Anything. No answer.
“According to the schedule, these are the best options, boss.” Several hangers slipped out of the clothing rails, making swing the summer clothes that Friday had selected.
Tony didn't know what to say. How could someone like Steve exist? So he just smiled and agreed. "I already do. Thanks, Steve."
"You come here a lot, don't you?
Tony kissed him deeply. “I love you.”
“That I wouldn’t change the fact that I ended up here, that I was frozen. I wouldn’t go back there. This is where I should be, where I belong.
Tony paused to think about what Steve was saying and the soldier was right.
"I love you," Steve said simply.
to ask for a
Tony gave a quick kiss to Steve's face, pulled away and found that lustful look in Steve's eyes that was already becoming easy to differentiate from the others. That look was only Tony’s. Just
"I spent the day studying as you said," Peter said, rubbing his eyes.
“Whatever you want, boss.”
“Thank you, Nat.”
"Thank you," Liz said, sitting down on one of the side benches.
"I'm sure you're already doing a great job," Steve smiled.
Tony smiled back.
“I'll go there and tell her we're alive," Tony said as if that were obvious.
Tony chose a sushi and put it in his mouth. He groaned softly. It was delicious. "We should do this more often, don't you think?" He looked around the table and his gaze stopped at Steve, who was watching him with a funny expression, his mouth open, his eyes fixed on Tony ... no. Not Tony, specifically. On Tony's mouth.
"Yes, it's me."
“Thank you, Mr. Stark!”
“Captain Rogers is outside the lab and he requests talking to you.”
Tony smiled sheepishly. “See? But I still have all those flaws, I still don’t have my memories. I don’t remember when we last talked before, well, the day before yesterday. I can’t remember what I felt when I last saw you. And to think I let you ...” Tony swallowed. “And to think that I let you die thinking that I hated you, that all that mattered was winning that damn war, it eats at me every single day since I woke up.”
"What does that mean?" Tony realized that he was shaking.
"I can help," Peter said, suddenly excited. "I’m very good with technology. I can get into almost any system you need.”
“Captain Rogers left your dinner outside the lab and said, and I quote, 'Let me know if you need me. Together, remember?' And then he returned to his quarters.”
"Please tell me he's just waiting to give you a friendly hug," Wanda said without slowing her pace.
“I remember everything,” Tony watched Steve’s face carefully, not to lose any reaction. Steve looked relieved. Then Tony released the grenade pin. “Up to a week
“Tony, please.” Steve was finding it
Tony started slow, working Steve’s cock with his mouth, tongue and lips.
Tony blinked and looked at him. “But I didn’t say anything.”
"I didn’t mean that."
"Well, first, know that I'm the newest guest in your house," Tony tried to look at Peter's reaction, but the boy's expression was just a raised eyebrow. Tony really expected more, but he could handle surprises. "Your dad offered your guest room for me to use while I'm here. Is that okay to you?"
"Not Spider-Man. Peter Parker.”
“Ouch!”
“It's going to look incredible.”
"Steve, that's not what I meant. Please!" Tony had his hands flat in front of him, defending himself. "I think it's great that I have this information, because, well, it doesn't interfere with anything in our professional relationship, but I wouldn't want us to be uncomfortable with each other while I'm your guest."
"Not at all." He let out a low moan as he felt Steve's fingers in his hair. "Actually, I think the universe really likes us, that’s why it always gives us a little time alone.”
"I wouldn’t miss the chance to know where you're taking me for nothing in this world."
“That doesn’t sound good. And what are all these unregulated things doing to me?” Even in his condition, Tony listened carefully to everything Jarvis said to him, and his brain, despite the hellish headache, tried to find possible patterns and causes, already thinking about a cure.
“You know, Tony,” Steve said, getting up and walking over to the roof rail. “We’ve both been through a lot lately, together and apart. I know I wasn’t told everything I’d like to know. And I’m pretty sure they didn’t tell you that much, either,” Steve stuffed his hands in the front pockets of his pants and shrugged. It had started to snow. “So why don’t you do us a favor and come over here? I don’t want to and I’m not going to fight with you, Tony. I don’t know what they told you, but I know what you’re thinking now, and that’s not it. I just…” Steve sighed and the air condensed in front of him. “I just wanted to see you.”
"Boss, with all the data I have available for analysis, I do not see any scenario where that is possible or likely.”
The reason?
Tony shook his head and tried to clear his throat, trying to get a sound out of him. "Be my guest. Ha-ha,” he tried to make a joke. What a terrible one. “I'm going to my room to take a shower, too. See you in a little while," and fearing to say anything else that could blow his brain, Tony went to his room. Without trying to think too hard about the fact that Steve hadn’t only been offended by what he had said, but had liked it, Tony took his shower - freezing - as fast as he could, after all, even though a part of him was loving it, this almost romantic comedy film plot that, apparently, was unfolding in parallel in his life at that time, he had far more important things to solve. He got out of the shower and went back to the room with just a towel wrapped around his waist, and then took out his cell phone to dial the second number on the direct dial. Two rings later, she answered.
Without restraining himself, Steve started jerking himself, facing that incredible sight. He wanted to eternalize it, draw it, never to forget it.
Strange shrugged. “Very well. Here is the apprenticeship we take from this whole situation. For you two and your team, when I say 'don't open it',
“Hulk?” Steve called, and immediately the huge avenger punched the door, sending it across the room, and it turned out to be a large shed, full with agents dressed in yellow sheltering protectively around a lighted structure in the center of the room, and who were already waiting for the heroes, wielding their weapons.
Tony looked at him in disbelief. Wait, was that a smirk? "
“Shhh, it’s not your fault, Steve,” Tony smiled. “I needed to understand my grief. That was my mechanism. I stopped as soon as your imaginary voice told me it was disappointed,” Tony shook his head and laughed, remembering the moment. He looked back at Steve when he recovered. “But seriously, all those moments, all those nights, and then all those days, drinking to try to reach you, even if in an imaginary way, all that time going in the direction of my worst version, I should’ve realized right away that everything I was doing was simply because I needed you. But I was too numb to understand my own emotions.”
Tony shrugged. “I wish I could relive that day.”
"I got up from the bed."
"Oh, my God… Tony...
"Come on," Steve said, climbing onto one of the bikes and pointing the other to Wanda. "We're going to Ares like that. Thor, lead the way.”
The S.H.I.E.L.D. director looked at his watch and frowned.
“I had just come back from the dead.” Steve frowned. “And one day I got a call from Bucky, telling me that I had to go find Pepper, that it was urgent and that it had to do with bringing you back from the dead. That you needed me. Thor went there too.”
"Yes, Mary, the usual for me, and a double espresso for my friend here, please."
Reluctantly, wanting to keep looking at his cup forever, Tony looked up, meeting Steve’s gaze.
"Okay. We'll talk later." The spy hung up and the holographic screen disappeared.
Tony was taken by surprise. He was so distracted by Steve’s eyes that he let his guard down and stopped paying attention to what he was saying. It wasn’t possible for Steve to know that Tony was there. The armor made him invisible, even more hidden in the shadows as he was. Steve was bluffing. He couldn’t, he
love you." Tony took one of Steve's hands and placed it on his chest, over his heart, and held it there. "Feel that? Do you feel my heart beat? That's good, because I would hate that it was broken now that he's finally healthy and happy. All because of you. It's yours, Steve. It’s for you to do whatever you want with it. Never again doubt that what we have here may end one day because it cannot and will not." Tony stroked Steve's face. "We've been through a lot, and we're still here. All we can do now is make up for the time we have not taken before.”
"So can you help me?" Peter was still looking at Tony curiously.
"The house is quite big. It won't be a hassle. Don't worry. In fact, it'll be nice to have company. We've been Peter and me for a long time. Another person will be nice."
Taking advantage of every second, Tony jerked and sucked, moved away to catch his breath, but always teasing the cock’s head with his thumb, only to go back and swallow it all up again. Steve, in turn, moaned and sighed, holding Tony's hair tightly, moving his hips toward the warmth and wetness of Tony's mouth.
Tony frowned.
"Does your son have friends?" Tony ignored Steve's question and tried to drink more of his coffee. Steve was amused by his grimace when he realized the coffee was gone.
Tony ran his fingers through his mouth, as if sealing them, and sat down in the only vacant place, facing Steve. Still avoiding the soldier's gaze, which Tony could feel burning on his skin, he took the tablet from the table and looked at Fury with a look of interest.
"She's like a sister to me. I met her during one of my first missions as a soldier ... and, I'm sorry, but I can't say any more than that. It's classified," Steve frowned, apologizing. "What I can say is that we became close friends after that. So close that she's Peter's godmother. He loves her and I know she'll do anything for him."
You said
Tony climbed on the bed, crawling between Steve’s legs, without looking away. “I’m not planning anything, darling,” Tony rested his hands on either side of Steve, trapping him between Tony and the mattress, and stole a kiss. As Tony walked away, he sat on Steve’s lap, hugging him with his legs. “I’m just living the two of us.” Tony twined his fingers in Steve’s hair and pulled his head back, exposing his neck, to where Tony hurriedly bent down to lick from base to ear, feeling the skin crawl, coming back the same way with kisses and bites, getting more and more courageous with Steve’s loudest moans.
” Then Stephen Strange opened his portal of light and returned to the Sanctum as quickly as he entered Tony and Steve's life a week before.
Sitting alone, leaning against the wall of the plane, half-shrunken, looking helpless and vulnerable, but trying to keep the tough pose she had certainly learned from her father, she was the most important passenger in the world, without any exaggeration.
“We should have realized there that it was neither one of them, right?”
"I can do that and take care of you, too."
“But something has changed,” Steve said, still with his eyes closed.
"So I think we should go soon." Steve grabbed his own suitcase from the couch and came to where Tony was. "Curiosity is killing me.”
“...found him,” Sam finished Natasha's phrase with a small smile in his voice.
Steve's voice was lifeless, without any emotion and he felt his face was the same as he faced the lawyer. "Aren't you going to write any of this down?" Steve pointed his head at the notepad.
“Good night, Stevie-pie. What are you doing awake?”
"How did you and your wife meet?" Tony saw Steve swallow and soon regretted it. It was obvious that this was a sensitive subject and who did he think he was? They had met that same day - had it been that day? It felt like weeks ...- and he was already asking a question as personal as that. "Look, it's okay if you don't wanna answer."
“You look so beautiful from up here, you know,” Tony said panting.
"Excellent, kid," Tony said flatly.
Steve almost replied "tired," but he looked at Wanda and realized from her smiling stare that it wasn’t about his physical state she was asking.
“Back from where?” Steve asked.
everything. What he was experiencing now wasn’t feeling. It was a cold, emotionless loan.
Tony felt his face heat up, but he didn’t change the subject. In fact, he accepted the challenge, lifting his chin and assuming his best stubborn expression. “Yes, sir.
“That’s… intriguing.” Strange opened that mysterious smile. “I imagine you are both satisfied with the situation, then?” Strange looked at Steve.
With a grunt, Steve tore what was left of Tony's undersuit, opening a tear from his back to his hip, which left more than enough space for Tony to wriggle and get rid of all that fabric that was holding him. Tony was finally free.
Steve moaned loudly in ecstasy and arched his back as Tony sucked first the head and then Steve's entire cock into his mouth and throat, welcoming him into his warmth, tasting everything he could, enjoying a dream coming true.
"You could create a robot to do it for you."
“I want you more than anything. I can tell you all the yeses you want.” Tony couldn’t take it anymore. “So, do you forgive me?”
"Good luck," Clint told him.
Steve's hands were actually holding Tony. And that was
Tony stopped laughing and looked at him on the other side of the island. Steve was serious again and Tony felt a cold chill run through his entire body. But it wasn’t the good kind of shiver. Suddenly, all of Tony’s senses were alert.
I know that what we lived is much more complex than what I made it seem, but today isn’t the right time. Today, it is time to say that you are a mirror of my dreams, someone so special that transforms my days in a hundred different ways in just twenty-four hours. You take me from the chaos to paradise in just an instant, with just one look. You are that delicious sensation that the autumn chill brings, that shiver that something is about to happen. Living with you is always being in an eternal expectation, knowing that something incredible can happen at any time.
"I know."
"I found him." Tony's voice came out of the comms.
"Oh, my God, Steve, I-I'm
Tony heard his voice increase, but he didn’t care. How could he not know that?
were in there, I wanna remember
She looked at Steve.
Tony took Steve’s outstretched hand, who wasted no time, and pulled him close, holding his waist with his free hand, holding him in his embrace, as if he were afraid that Tony would try to run away again. Tony crossed his arms around Steve’s neck. They both smiled.
"Oh," Tony repeated. Steve apparently had the power to make him forget how to speak coherently. Tony cleared his throat. "Are you hungry? Sit down and eat some. You had a long day and, God knows when you'll be able to stop for another quiet meal."
“It seems I
“Ok, Mr. Funny,” Steve said, out of breath. “Your turn.” He opened the buttons on Tony’s shirt, one by one, showing admirable self-control, Tony needed to admit, but letting all of Tony’s control fall to the floor along with his shirt as soon as Steve’s lips reached the curve of Tony’s neck and they followed from there with a trail of wet kisses towards the front of Tony’s body, with no intention of stopping anywhere near.
Tony nodded. “Yes.”
The image of a mountain appeared on the holographic screen behind Fury, and a report of more than thirty pages, with charts and maps, appeared on Steve's tablet screen as he touched the "A.I.M." icon.
Tony shrugged. “I wish I could relive that day.”
Tony leaned back and propped himself up on his elbows, giving Steve a privileged view of his body and smirked. “Do you see anything you like, Steve, darling?”
"Okay, let's do it," Steve said simply.
“At least this time things went well, right?” Peter Parker, the Spider-Man, was at the Quinjet returning with them to the Compound. It was Friday, and May Parker didn’t mind the kid spending the weekend with the rest of the team.
"Still are a lot of days.”
They both laughed and it was good. The sound of the two laughs mixed and Tony was transported to lighter and happier times, when the Avengers shared the Mansion that Tony had donated to the team to serve as their HQ. Those were times that seemed so far away now. So unattainable. So unreal. Tony was afraid that sometimes he was just imagining all those memories, that he had much more than just a part of his memory erased. What if he was imagining those happy times? No. He could never just imagine the laughter and game nights at the Mansion with Steve and the others. That was too precious.
“You're not helping, Doctor.” Steve said in an alert tone and Tony felt his heart warm up seeing Steve come to his defense.
The engine in the ship began to operate when the second wall of the laboratory exploded.
"The moment, Clint," Sam said. "Do not ruin the moment.”
was what Natasha was compelled to ask, but once again her memory deceived her. She was asking herself the wrong questions, wasn’t she?
"Wait a minute," Steve asked. Tony stopped writing and looked at him, waiting. "What do you mean, 'setting up his defense?'"
“Jarvis, who broke into my Tower?” Tony asked as he ran to the roof and waited for the pieces of armor to connect to his undersuit.
"I-I don't know what to say," Steve was gaping. That had been the first time, since he decided to retire, that anyone had had the courage to tell him that he needed to resurrect the Captain who still lived inside him. He never imagined that one day he would need to return to the life he had left to care for Peter to, well, save Peter. But if that was the price, then he was willing to pay it. It didn't matter for how long it would be needed. He would be again, even if it was only for himself and for the sake of his son, Captain Steve Rogers, someone capable of intimidating generals.
“You're not my parents,” the girl said without emotion.
“It wasn’t your fault,” Steve said, seriously.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Answer my question.”
“Perfect.”
“That’s great news, Jarvis.” Steve said with a smile. “Thank you.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t dare, sugar.”
“My finals are tomorrow...”
Ah! Yeah,
That resentments were corrosive and that you wanted to start over. I couldn't agree more.
Tony continued his exploration through the soldier's body by his collarbone and stopped when he reached Steve's already stubbly nipple. Tony snorted lightly at it, causing the skin around to shiver with the temperature contrast, and then sucked on the nipple willingly. Steve threw his head back and moaned loudly. A shiver of satisfaction rushed through Tony's body, which intensified the stimuli of his tongue. He moved to the other nipple, but continued to tease the first with his fingers.
“I see better from up here. And it's far more spacious than any bench." He spread his arms, showing the immaculate, long, wide marble with only Tony occupying a part of the large space.
“Really?”
“Come on, Tony, show up,” Steve straightened up, but his face was still calm, his features even and without a trace of anger. And his voice was neutral, without a tone of bitterness or urgency.
Tony stepped forward.
Steve snorted. “We only argued because we wanted the same things in different ways. We believed that we knew what was best for the group. Sometimes we were able to find consensus and work together. It was incredible when it happened, remember?”
"Don’t let anyone know I'm here, do you understand?" Tony got out of the car and entered the Tower.
Peter pulled away, his eyes glittering.
“We’re back at Steve now?” Steve asked, still not looking at Tony.
On the speakers now it was playing Float,
"You're incredible," Steve kissed Tony's cheek.
"What am I thinking now?"
"I didn’t get an invitation," Tony pretended to be offended.
"Back to you, as I promised," Tony squeezed Steve's hand, pulling him closer, into his embrace.
Before Tony could hear Jarvis's response, Steve's voice invaded his ears. “Tony?”
"You're not planning to throw a birthday party for me, are you?"
"But meeting him is just tomorrow," Steve said.
"That's not doing much good," Clint pointed out the obvious.
"I tried to get back sooner, but it didn’t work out. I'll arrive tomorrow afternoon.”
“Wash your hands and then get flour, eggs, salt and olive oil in the pantry. I'll get the rest.”
"I know you can," Steve said, finally. "But you're in no shape to do anything right now," and that must be the voice Steve used when giving orders in the army, Tony thought. It was serious, authoritative, and impossible to contest. And with goosebumps going up his spine, Tony kept going down the NSFW path. "What you’re going to do," Steve continued. "It's going up to your room, taking a hot shower, coming down to eat whatever-your-dad-will-cook-in-record-time and go to rest."
But was it possible? Tony snorted mentally at the absurdity. No, it wasn’t. Someone certainly should’ve already told Steve what had happened to Tony after his death, right? He knew about the funeral; he even knew it had been Tony’s idea. How could he not know about the memory loss? But there was only one way to confirm whether Steve knew or not.
Unable to support his own weight, Tony fell to the floor, in the middle of the lab. The cold floor was a breath for his hot body.
“What
“What did they tell you?” Tony frowned at the seemingly pointless question.
"Two minutes to land," Clint announced from the front of Quinjet.
Rhodes sighed, defeated. "I believe in the boy's innocence. I don't think it was him."
Steve almost cut himself with the knife he was using to chop the onion. He thought a little before answering and decided to tell the truth.
was concerned about his well-being.
"They moved out the city, but it was news that ran little through the school hallways. Jared left the athletics team, but we soon had a spring break and, on the way back, no one really missed him."
Tony smiled without showing his teeth as he remembered that day, a memory as clear as if it had happened hours earlier. “Because that’s still the best day of my life,” he looked at Steve. “We had no pretensions at all that day, nothing extraordinary should happen and, suddenly, we found that frozen man who, in the end, ended up being the hero of my childhood and youth,” the two exchanged smiles. “I’ll never stop feeling a secret pride for being the first person you spoke to when you woke up,” Tony fell silent as soon as he realized what he had said.
"We're on our way, Captain." Sam's voice appeared on the comms. "We made a web barricade, sealing the perimeter, and Redwing is on guard.”
