"See, back to normal soon." Steve said happily. If Tony could have he would have laughed, he knew how long, tedious, and sometimes painful this whole process would be, and it will take him about a year, if that soon, to be anywhere near his old 'normal', if that was even possible. Instead he frowned worriedly at Steve, truly understanding how off balance Steve had been by everything, and he didn't miss the worried look Bruce also shot Steve.
"Steve's… been having some issues with SHIELD, and due to some clause in some contract, they managed to take JARVIS, he's refused to work for them, unless it's benefited your well-being, and Steve wasn't… pleased. But now you're awake, the clause is null and void, and as your next of kin, Steve needs to go to SHIELD and get him back." Clint said quietly.
"You're not yourself. Come on. Let's get you dressed." Steve said quietly, desperately trying to hide the pain on his face the comment made.
-/-/-/-/-
"J, please just drop it."
There was a slight gurgling noise, and Tony felt his breathing hitch, and the sobbing stopped.
"Yeah, I forgot my key, can you let me in?"
"That's en-"
He was warned the removal might fail, and that it didn't mean he would have to live with it forever. But he felt stuck in the mud. It had been almost two months since he had woken up, and while he had strength back in his left arm, his right was still relatively useless, and he could stand for short periods, but was struggling with moving more than a few steps, his muscles still needing more work. He hurt enough already.
When it was dark outside Tony slipped into a light sleep, exhausted already, only to be awoken some time later from a large, hot hand on the side of his face.
"Right." Bruce's voiced moved around back to Tasha's side, and felt at his wrist and then his neck for a pulse. "Still weak and thready, but marginally better than before. He's still not anywhere near stable, but we need to get him to the Quinjet, I've got better equipment there, and I'm still not convinced he won't go into cardiac arrest on the way." There was silence other than Tony's gurgled panting. "Worth the risk, we'll just need to move quickly. Tasha, that's done, disconnect it, and get to the Quinjet, get everything ready."
"St-Steve, maybe we should let him go. He doesn't want to be here. Maybe we should give him his choice for once."
"Nah. It's difficult on everyone, you just found an outlet. Besides I'm glad, I think you're the only one who could talk to them like that and not become a eunuch." Clint sounded halfway amused and Bruce gave a small chuckle.
Then without waiting for a response, turned and stormed from the room, those in the corridors jumping away, even more terrified of the cruel, cold smirk on his face.
"Hey Tony, sorry." Rob's voice came around the bed. "I was looking at some of the machines on the other side. "Feeling better?" Tony shrugged his left shoulder, and looked around the room questioningly. "Not sure where everyone is, other than Bruce. I know there was an… argument yesterday, and Steve left looking upset, but asked Bruce to stay with you. Bruce is talking to the hospital's director now. He shouldn't be too long. Now, we are to try and see if we can wean you off this oxygen, then the physio's are going to come over later, and try to teach you how to clear your lungs a bit more effectively. And talk you through some exercises for your arm and legs that you can start. They were doing regular therapy with you before to try and stop your muscles atrophying as much as possible."
Tony blinked slowly, pulled Steve to him, shoved his face into his muscled shoulder, and let himself cry. They sat there for a short while, Tony crying, and Steve rubbing his back and whispering sweet nothings.
"Put him down!" Bruce was there the moment he was on the ground, tilting his head back to try and open his airway. Tony knew he should be breathing, but simply didn't have the energy. "Clint hand me the i-gel. Size 4."
"Do you want me to leave you for a few minutes?" Tony ignored her and continued to stare out of the window. Left hand playing with a stray piece of thread in the armchair he was sat in.
"Same as ever." Clint cleared his throat, then quietly added, "Medically, do you think Steve made the right decision?"
"Steve, he said he's sorry. And that he loves you."
"What's wrong?" Remembering Bruce can't understand Morse, he just mouthed 'Steve'.
"So, Stark, a little birdy told us, you have had a bad experience with water in the past."
"Pepper Potts right? Head of Stark Industries?"
Tony opened his eyes to see Steve and Bruce stood at the end of his bed, not looking at him, Bruce was hugging Steve tightly. Tony simply watched them for a few minutes, feeling like the cause of Steve's anguish, judging by what he heard.
"He's alive, only just. Please hurry." Pepper whispered, remembering Steve was on the phone, and placed Tony's head in her lap, eyes focused on the light of the Arc and the shaking rise and fall of his chest.
Steve laughed softly, relaxing a little as Bucky came to lean against him. “He’s one of a kind alright.”
“How about my boot motivating you?” Bucky asked. “On your ass.”
Rhodey shook his head. “He said Avengers, plural, but you guys have to focus on the big picture.”
Tony narrowed his eyes at him and stepped reluctantly towards the thing that was totally a bucket. “Fuck my life,” he mumbled. He climbed into the ‘bucket’ and sat down. He only had a mild freak-out when he starting going up towards the gap in the dome.
His gaze slid over to Pepper. She gave him an encouraging nod. He pushed himself back to his feet.
“You killed….?” Bucky wasn’t the only one gaping at them.
Tony grinned, good humor restored. “Damn straight.”  He sobered then, staring at the tense line of Clint’s shoulders. He had some apologizing to do.
“Tony’s not an enhanced human like we are,” Steve said. “It’s our duty to protect him.” Tony was pleased that Steve seemed to have picked up on his idea of hiding the Iron Man suit until it was really needed.
she was talking about.
For some reason, despite his deeply unusual presence, Tony got the gut feel that he was okay to trust. He held out his tablet. “It needs the Infinity Stone,” he said.
“I was the one who killed them.” Bucky met his gaze. “I remember your mother crawling out of the car towards your father, begging me to let them live.” His voice was a monotone.
didn’t give you guidelines?” Coulson asked.
“So, I’ll go to a bar, pretending to be on the lookout for a hook-up,” Tony began, getting enthusiastic at the idea. “Then you two can both try to pick me up. And the best one wins.” He beamed at them in triumph.
“All systems are fully operational,” she told him.
“Bucky would have been in trouble,” Steve started. He stopped before Natasha could snap again. “I know. Tony had a plan.” He was a little frustrated too. “Why the hell didn’t he just tell me?”
“I’d be too fucking terrified,” Clint agreed.
The steady thump-thump of Steve’s heart pushed the spikes of panic back a little. Tony dropped his head to Steve’s shoulder. “You’re here.” He focused on the softness of Steve’s well-worn tee, the heat of his skin, the scent at his throat.
“Tell them I’m on my way,” Tony said, switching the water off and grabbing a towel. He padded back through to the bedroom, dropping the towel once he was mostly dry.
And Steve. Steve remained slumped against the wall, watching every move that Bruce made, every twitch of Tony’s muscles, every deep breath he sucked in. It was incredibly weird, but also intimate. Steve’s eyes never left Tony. He kept his gaze scanning up and down the length of Tony’s body like a constant conveyer belt of assurance.
Steve went rigid. “Buck…” he began.
“Well, you’ve never talked about your sex life with
She smiled. “I’ve been waiting to talk to you for so very long, Tony. My captain adores you so.”
Tony opened his mouth to ask a question but closed it when Steve shook his head, lifting a finger to his lips. He looked at Dean. “Thanks,” Dean mouthed at Steve.
much better than mine, Brucie babe,” Tony cooed. “Must be because you’re using a StarkPhone.”
.” Steve refused to look away from Rhodes’ disbelieving glare. “I’ve done enough damage. To both of them.”
Tony grinned. “I swear I’m an equal opportunity kinda guy. Fucker or fuck-ee, doesn’t matter. As long as I come, I’m good.”
Steve flushed. “That’s not true.” He picked up the mug of coffee.
Tony sucked in a breath as they stood on top of the small hill. Clint’s farm was spread out below them, as warm and welcoming now as it had been so long ago.
“Anyone feel like filling me in on what or how we plan to get this done?” He reckoned he was probably talking to the air. Strange hadn’t been forthcoming at all and he doubted that either Skurge or Jörmungandr were scintillating conversationalists.
“So, he hid.” Steve stared at Matilda. She stared back at him, emerald eyes unblinking as she watched him. “He took a form that would seem harmless to all, unappetizing to the Wraith.”
She left the kitchen, wiping surreptitiously at her eyes.
“Well, let’s be real,” Tony said, strolling alongside an ice-blue giant in a tunnel to the center of an alien world, “Loki’s a special kind of crazy.”
He’d forgotten about Bucky. HYDRA was still a live, insidious beast, eating at SHIELD from the inside out when the Winter Soldier came. Steve dragged Tony with him to the bunker almost immediately, explaining about HYDRA, and Alexander Pierce being HYDRA, and the plan to destroy most of humanity using Tony’s technology with Project Insight.
“Bells!” he yelped, karate-chopping the air.
“That would be excellent,” Tony agreed. “There’s a reason I invented a semi-indestructible suit to keep me safe. Me? Not so much with the pain.”
afraid of this place?” Tony was incredulous.
Clint made a noise beneath his breath but obediently scratched on the notepad again. “Huh.”
“You’re perfect,” Steve assured him, bending down to kiss his reddened mouth. “I just don’t want to come until I’m inside Tony.”
you are?” Tony muttered.
~o0o~
The lack of judgment in his tone had Dean smiling a little at him. “Thanks,” Dean whispered. “A good night’s rest might be just what we need. Clear heads and all that shit.”
“Nope, it’s the front gate,” Tony assured him.
Tony made a kissy-face at him. “You know you want it, Rhodey-bear.”
“I could have worn the suit!” Tony would be feeling a thousand times safer right now if he was protected by the Iron Man armor.
Tony nodded.
They battled their way to where they’d emerged. Steve headed in first, with Bucky at his heels. Tony took the rear, walking backwards as he shot at whatever tried to follow them. “By the way, apparently Crowley is going to double-cross us,” he yelled as he stumbled against Bucky under the weight of a rock monster.
Tony and Steve do some talking.....and some
“Doctor Strange is a friend to us, Captain.” He watched Tony turning the cylinder over in his hands. “I am well aware of his powers. If he has offered to help then it is only to our benefit.”
“They’re your friends, of course they’re worried,” Tony said, coming up beside him.
“I have no idea what these two see in you.” Sam stalked past them, shooting Bucky a glare. “I’m seriously counted after a fucking robot?”
“Uh,” Tony was his usual suave self as he gaped at Steve through the rainfall of water. “What are you doing?”
“It means that until my brother gives up his ruse, I am, to all intents and purposes, Midgardian.” Thor sounded pretty glum about it too. “I have Mjolnir, at least, and he has not been able to strip me of my powers.” He tried to smile. “And I have you, my friends. And my Jane.”
“But the demon we’re after is in another dimension,” Clint pointed out.
He wanted to find a place. Somewhere small and dark and solitary. “Why would you do that?” he breathed, throat tight and thick with fear. “Why?”
“Responsible member of society notwithstanding, I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to come with us.” Steve was digging his heels in, and stubborn Steve was Tony’s least favorite Steve.
Thor perked up. “I could use some sort of distraction,” he said, looking at Tony hopefully.
“Mergh,” Tony agreed. He stared at Steve. His brain was still giving him the silent treatment it seemed.
Tony glared. “None of your business, buster.” He didn’t dare slide his gaze over to where Bucky stood. He was as transparent as glass to him. Because they were actually the same person born fifty-ish years apart.
Steve hadn’t understood. “He said he was tapping out.”
“Not that I know of,” Bruce said. “Although I’d really like to travel back to a couple of minutes ago before this entire conversation started.”
“Are you sassing me, Friday?” Tony asked as he peed.
Bucky watched him yawn and stretch. “You were out for about two hours.”
“Twelve!” Bucky shouted back, grunting as he took a hit from his opponent.
“And yet…” Tony grabbed Bucky’s hand. “Come on, sweetheart; let’s get the bed warmed up for the Boy Scout.” He smiled at Steve to let him know he was teasing.
get us up into space, but we have no idea where this Collector guy is, and so I'm thinking this is one of those needle in a haystack things and...” He paused. “Thor, Loki, a little help?”
Tony, as always, seemed to feel the need to fill any awkward silences, “So, what’s the plan?”
“Of course we will,” Tony said, tapping the bracelets once more to get the armor to retract. “We’re the Avengers.”
The slight pause before F.R.I.D.A.Y. replied made him doubt his ability to keep Fury out of his business. “Understood, sir.”
“Tony?” He turned to look at Steve lying back on his bed like a wet-dream he’d pretended never to have.
Wanda sat in the co-pilot’s chair, serenely ignoring the chaos. Vision lifted his head,listened to apparently nothing, and went back to meditating, or whatever it was that part computer people did.
Rhodey sighed. “The President has requested the assistance of the Avengers in the Nuclear Disarmament Program with Iraq.”
They all jumped to their feet, Steve subtly shielding Tony with his body. “Who the hell are you?” Tony asked.
Steve watched Tony brush his teeth, patiently waiting for Tony to finally stop. To breathe.
“I am aware that we are waiting for the Aether.” Strange sat down in one of the vacated chairs. “When Thor and his companions arrive, we shall begin.”
sorry guys. I've not had the best time of it. Getting better so back into the writing again.
“He has been very kind to me,” she said. “Losing Pietro was like losing a part of my soul.” She swallowed. “Vision has helped me to stop the bleeding.”
“Remind me not to get between Cap and his frickin boyfriend over there,” He nodded over to where a blushing Steve was adjusting his grip on Tony’s limp frame (Steve would later insist that he’d held the other in a bridal carry because it was the most comfortable to him, a claim that the others all individually but collectively called bullshit on), “Jesus Christ dude, you’re terrifying”
Various grunts of agreement followed by Clint’s inevitable “Does this have like a point or… are we just repeating stuff we already know? Cause like if so I’m leaving”
Steve smoothly ignored the archer, “And Tony’s here too, and-“
The team had known about his massive, embarrassing crush on their resident genius, something that had been useful in the middle of the night when he needed someone to ramble to, and while he’d
Tony was going to be so pissed.
Clint was suddenly grateful to be sitting with Mom and Dad for a stern talking too; at least with Steve and Tony there wasn’t a risk of losing a testicle. Natasha was going to be FURIOUS.
Steve spent the ride back to New York fretting over Tony’s unconscious figure with the focus and passion of a doctor doing surgery on a grape, adjusting the genius’ head-rest (Clint’s civvies (the archer had changed on the quinjet) piled on top of a few of Natasha’s guns)) and adding more tinfoil blankets onto the already teetering mound every 5 seconds. And by the time they got back the others were exasperated as hell, if Thor’s increasingly loud proclamations about Midguardian traditions, Bruce’s almost obsessive glasses-cleaning, and Clint’s never-ending stream of complaints were to be of any indication.
Then of course, at the time all he really felt was an all-encompassing outrage that putting your fist through some drywall couldn’t hope to extinguish so while he didn’t necessarily regret is per se he’d still seen it as a waste of effort.
Steve hung up before Pepper could respond.
“Steve, I’m one of Tony’s oldest friends, and hopefully, one of yours as well. You obviously called me for something, and honestly, I’m very concerned right now. Please just tell me what’s going on and I won’t have to send JARVIS into the SHEILD security footage to find out what’s got you in a tizzy”
And yet he decided to dig himself into an even deeper hole by sticking by what he’d said.
After Steve left, he lay there for a good ten minutes just feeling sorry for himself, before he passed out, resolving to not let his broken heart get in the way of his friendship with Steve (after all, if Starks were good at one thing, it was repressing feelings) before falling into a dreamless sleep.
It was home.
Tony grunted before closing his eyes and falling back asleep.
Steve clamped down on the amusement that he was sure was clear on his face, and schooled his expression into something more serious, “Did you regret it?”
“Good afternoon, this is Marissa, what can I do for you?”
Tony had fucked up
“You’re not the one that’s supposed to-“
“Yeah might as well, don’t want the world to go insane because I jump you half way through”
Two days after finding Tony, Steve was passed out at the other man’s bedside when he felt the mattress shift. A moment later, Steve was lifting his head, vertebrae cracking back into place, and smiled as he was rewarded with the sight of Tony awake and watching him with apt fascination that shifted into a blindingly happy smile that lit up the genius’ entire face with the fondest most loving look Steve could imagine.
Tony let out a sound of indignation, “Were you even paying atten…” Steve tuned Tony out (a helpful little tip from Pepper) after the first thirty seconds of ranting, and though Tony was complaining about Steve’s not-listening-to-him he was completely oblivious to the fact that the man under him was playing Word Cookies and not even bothering to fake noises to convince him he was listening. They were just entering the kitchen (where Steve intended to feed Tony his second meal of the day (it was an accomplishment. Don’t judge him)) when JARVIS interrupted Tony’s ramble.
Steve reached for his shield without slowing, his hand closing down on thin air. Steve’s step faltered.
“I love you?” What the fuck Barton.
idea, he started panicking.
“Woah woah woah. Steve, what’s the meaning of this?”
SHEILD PR was not happy with him, but Fury’s throbbing-less-than-usual temple told him that he wasn’t in too much trouble.
Tony hurt.
that his feelings were unrequited a small part of Steve had still hoped. Now though, Clint’s disbelief had cemented the reality of Steve’s life; doomed to be in one-sided love with your best friend for the rest of time, with no hope of that ever changing.
Peter pushed into frame, “Hi! Yes. I approve. Bye!” And the next second he was off, webbing the phone out of Mr. Clint’s grasp and jumping across the narrow space between buildings. Peter lifted up the phone, still recording, and mad the Spiderman-hand-thing that people seemed to like to imitate.
And then Steve turned the Captain-America-is-dissapointed-in-you stare onto him and Clint wasn’t sure which he preferred.
The other end of the line quieted almost immediately.
A warm happy feeling filled him up: that was a good puff.
“Cap! Calm down my guy, none of us noticed. Stop beating yourself up about it, huh?”
Clint was panting, his hands on his knees and his head facing the earth when Steve emerged from the warehouse, Tony safely and comfortably being carried in Steve’s arms, but the moment he spotted the two he let out a wolf-whistle.
Tony puffed out a breath and flopped down on the couch where Steve had been sketching, tucking his face into Steve’s stomach. Steve turned back to his sketchbook, turned to one of the many pages filled with little doodles of Tony’s hands, eyes, face, and chest while absentmindedly running his fingers through the lapful of greasy chestnut strands that he’s somehow acquired. The peace lasted for another minute before Tony shot up exaggerated shock on his face and hands flapping wildly.
“Let’s keep the inappropriate comments off of the open comms, Hawkeye” Steve scowled, before cutting off whatever a shit-eating-grin-wearing Clint was opening his mouth to say, “And no, Iron Man is not my boyfriend. Focus, team.”
“I know, Tony”
“It’s fine Tony” Steve sighed, “Really.”
enjoyed my opinion piece on your… Steve.”
“For the last time Thor it’s ‘cool beans’-“
Even after Clint’s death-by-Natasha, Tony Stark (the channel not the person) kept on uploading. It was honestly kind of sweet to Steve, but Tony himself did not think so if his near constant grumbling was to indicate anything.
With nothing to do but stare at the shallow rise and fall of Tony’s chest, and watch as the blue light of the arc reactor shone brightly through the thin hospital gown he’d been shoved into sometime between having his blood tested and entering the room, Steve pretended that he was bored, and when that failed all too easily that the fascination that he felt was from a purely artistic standpoint, and nothing else.
The line clicked, and Pepper Potts’ voice flowed out of the cellphone’s speaker, “Hello, Steve. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
Clint had to have a death wish. There was no other explanation to the third video on Tony’s channel (the new most-subscribed one on YouTube), the thumbnail boasting Natasha in her home leather jacket, and sharpening her javelins (the fact that it wasn’t knives on the kitchen counter showed just how comfortable she was in the Tower) and the video (from one of JARVIS’ awesomely high-resolution cameras) contained her expressing her shared support for Tony’s relationship with Steve.
Steve couldn’t have stopped the grin from slitting his face if he wanted to, the bubble of euphoria rising up through his chest. “Can I kiss you?”
“Hey everyone, Spiderman here and I think I’m gonna vlog until someone catches me. So yeah, welcome to a day in the life of your friendly neighborhood Spiderman!” Peter stopped the recording and sat down in time for the device in his ear to buzz.
Tony cackled. This was too good.
“Steve, honey, baby, sweetheart, it’ll be fine.”
fleeing to the bathroom to wallow in self-pity.
“I know, Tony.”
Well shit.
“Ok well now you’re pretending to have the moral high ground to hide how much of a fuckin slut you are for drama.”
“I know, Tony.”
Tony turned his gaze from Steve’s profile to the phone, “Hi, yes. That’s me.” Great job, Tony. Real smooth. “We know that coming out like this, or just in general, will create backlash, but this is what makes me happy, and hopefully it’s what makes Steve happy too.” He looked over to find the most exasperated look ever, and sure he’d gone off script a little but it wasn’t that bad- his brain was so caught up in finding where he’d gone wrong that he almost missed how Steve’s face turned fond and then there were lips were on his and oooooh. When they parted Tony could almost feel Steve’s dopey grin reflected on his face.
Nope. No. Bad Tony. That was a bad idea. Tony turned back around.
Steve smiled, an inexplicable fondness creeping through his body. “Hi Tony,” he repeated.
“You sneaky bastard!” Steve arched an eyebrow. “You evil genius! How could you betray my trust so horribly!?!?!” The other eyebrow joined the first and a smile began stretching its way across Steve’s face, “I-I thought you were on my side!” Tony very obviously cast around for new ways to express his hurt. “I kissed you like a few minutes ago!”
“What did I do Tony?”
It was going to be a long three days.
“Steeeeeve the press is the worrrrrrrrst.”
A pause “…yes?”
“Oh, Captain! My apologies, I’ll get Miss Potts for you as soon as I can.”
“Hi Nat. Sorry, but also listen.”
The quinjet landed on an open field after 57 restless minutes of pacing, Steve jumping out before the ramp had fully dropped down.
thinks up of these things? I mean seriously??? Giant bunny-birds?????”) the team collectively decided to go back to the tower, as it was easier to assemble from (and definitely not for reasons of plot convenience).
Clint would have made a comment about how if he’d done that they would’ve said no, but Steve’s voice brooked no arguments.
Of course, once Steve realized this, he stopped immediately, and called the only person he could think of.
“Okay that’s good enough you don’t need to do that every time I even hint at you being less than Einstein”
So they sat down on the couch in the workshop (being sure to hide any embarrassing stains with well-placed pillows) had U hold up a StarkPhone (Dummy and Butterfingers hadn’t been able to hold onto the slim frame for long enough for them to get what they wanted to say said (though the first few takes did go a long way to soothe their nerves)) and hit record.
With that Steve was back to sprinting at full speed towards the building, making quick work of the two at the door before kicking the rusted steel down, the red-brown chains doing little to stop the strength of a furious supersoldier.
Peter Parker swung down Broadway, grinning like a madman, of course no one could tell; the Spiderman’s mask was very firmly in place, but the grin was very much there and wouldn’t go away no matter how hard Peter tried. When Mr. Clint had told him to meet at the diner at 34th and 5th the other day, there had been no doubt as to the sheer awesomeness that would happen. Below him, people stared and pointed, and Peter paused for a second to wave back before climbing on top of the diner’s room, landing right beside a completely unruffled archer (though Peter guessed that living with Ms. Natasha would do that to someone).
“I’m pretty good at giving orders,” he blurted.
“I get that,” Bucky said. “When I realized how I felt about Steve I think I went on a bender for a week.”
Tony blinked. “On me? Why?”
Bruce deals with the pesky brain bugs. Steve worries. Bucky is learning to trust. Tony meets Jörmungandr & he's not that scary. Really. I'm  not kidding.
going to discuss this later,” Steve told them both. He could feel that icy core melting, the one that had resigned itself to wanting and never getting.
Strange stood on a cliff, staring out at countless stars. “We are at the end of all things,” he said, turning his head to meet Tony’s gaze.
“I know you’re not part of the team anymore.” Clint just barrelled on, stomping all over Tony’s guilty conscience. “Seriously though, your first loyalty should have been to Steve.”
“Of course we’re okay, Tony,” Steve said, all earnest blue eyes and determined jaw. “I’m crazy about you. You know this.”
Steve shook his head. “It’s between me and Bucky,” he said, careful to avoid Tony’s gaze.
Rhodey nodded. “I figured you might.”
“I despise you all,” Bruce said, rubbing his eyes.
“Inside voice, big guy,” Tony reminded him.
“I’m not five years old,” Tony protested when Steve slung an arm across his shoulders. It didn’t stop his own traitorous arm sneaking around Steve’s waist though.
“Vision is on guarding Tony duty.” Tony said. “It’s not like I can keep avoiding them.”
I am so sorry for being so late with this update. This is hell month in the retail industry so my brain is fried. Hope you enjoy.
He looked at Steve. “How about this, when it’s done, regardless of the outcome, I’ll tell you about it?” It was as good a compromise as he was willing to give.
She patted his shoulder. “Not recently, but please, Captain, you know that I am uncomfortable with your Earth forms of affection.”
Sam zipped one of the duffels open, pulling out a bowel and something that looked suspiciously like a pestle and mortar.
Tony pointed at him. “Thank you for asking. Now, to avoid the risk of me devolving into geek-speak, I’ve prepared Vision to give you a visual demonstration.” He nodded at Vision. “Viz, hit it.”
Tony was getting used to Yggdrasil’s drily amused tone.
“He talks about you a lot,” Bucky said suddenly. He met Rhodey’s gaze. “He misses you.”
Thor looked put out. “My rooms are no more opulent than yours,” he protested. “In fact, I am quite sure that yours are the most garish in the palace!”
Bucky looked over at Tony. “Yes, go, please, talk, braid each other’s hair, get.” Tony waved them off.
Tony scowled, but Steve saw him lift his hand again and touch his lips. It was clear that Bucky had surprised Tony with the kiss and it made want Steve to kick his own ass. He’d been so focused on Bucky that he hadn’t looked at Tony. He wasn’t going to make that mistake again.
Steve shook his head. “Every time,” he grumbled. “He promises every goddamn time that he’ll be careful.”
Put that way, Steve was suddenly not comforted. “Tell me what happened with the Collector,” he asked.
Tony started laughing as she then scrubbed at her face and Natasha drawled, “I'm sorry. Did I step on your moment?” Pierce went white with rage.
Clint clapped his shoulder. “That’ll keep you busy for a bit,” he said, trying for a cheerful note.
A little shorter than normal but the action will continue next chapter. There were a few talks that had to happen first - this is the last of them.
Steve’s mouth curved in a small smile. “He’s not easy to get to know.” It had taken time, but he’d thought they were at the point where they could be open with each other. At least, until he’d heard Bucky’s voice on a phone, which felt like years ago now.
"That's it, keep breathing." As Tony slowly calmed down, he soon realised he was still in the bathroom, the shower was still running, but was on the other side of the room, his modesty had been covered by a towel at some point, and Steve had one arm around him, the other pressing his left hand against his chest, giving Tony something to match his breathing against.
Tony pulled the reactor out, quickly swapped the wires with Dum-E's help, and leaned back in his workshop chair. His heart seemed to keep jumping in his chest at random points, and he could swear that he felt the shrapnel moving in his chest, so either a problem with his biological heart, or his mechanical one.
"Don't even try it Fury." Tony said in a low, dangerous tone, daring him to fight back. "I have enough dirt on you to get a death warrant on your head in almost every country in the world, including this one. I can ruin your life, and your company. What about that wife and daughter that you try so hard to hide? Give a damn about them?"
Rob helped him out of the chair, he could now walk for a decent distance, he was going to the end of the corridor and back, but he was still building up some muscle strength, and with only one arm, he was struggling to get out the chair and upright without a little help. Rob took him into the bathroom, gave him towels and wash stuff, showed him where the call bell was if he needed help, and set up the chair in the shower in case he needed it, then closed the door and left him to it.
"-and that is when my dear Jane told me I am to be a father! I have yet to tell our comrades as I wanted to see you first of all and relieve your good man. He's not looking very well. He sleeps here every night, and has refused to go on any of Fury's orders. That is why my father gave me permission to return to Earth. Jane ordered me too, actually. My mother will look after her, it's too unsafe for her to travel through the Bifrost you see. Falcon has been working quite well though, providing some aerial support. They also tried with a temporary replacement, a Daredevil I believe, but while he does a good job, he doesn't work very well as a team member. I do believe a Doctor Strange has offered his services for any world issues, apparently, he is a sorcerer from Earth!" Thor sounded surprised, like the things he had seen and heard on Earth was so normal up to that point.
"Sorry, ma'am. He shrugged as he gathered his crates.
Tony opened his mouth to speak, and began to panic as no sound came out, and then there was pressure in his throat, he tried to raise his left arm, but was only able to lift it an inch or so off the bed before it flopped back down.
"Don't stand for it then." He said simply.
"Pepper, leave it. I'm tired. Let me go. Tell everyone I'm sorry. Tell Steve that I do love him, I'm just a terrible person." He then fell unconscious again.
"You alright?" Clint said softly from Tony's right.
Now just an acknowledging bleep echoed in the room, J really was peeved off with him, but Tony was past the point of caring, he had pushed everyone else away, why not his own creation.
"And you shall revoke everyone's access but my own, you can remain at the Avengers Mansion as a security system, but that is all."
It was like Bruce was at the end of a tunnel. Tony knew his friends, and husband, were worrying over him, and maybe it was selfish, but he was happy where he was, he didn't want to come back to the pain, confusion and mistrust, that would almost definitely follow if he did.
Tony looked around, feeling a little helpless, if someone walked through that door right now… no he wasn't going to think about that, there was no way Steve would leave him if he wasn't sure he would be safe. He instead decided to take stock of his body. He could wiggle all of his toes, and the fingers of his left hand, his right however, while no longer extremely painful, the instructions from his brain didn't seem to make it to his hand, and continued to lie there motionless. His sight was completely gone in his left eye, but his hearing was relatively fine. He could see he wasn't connected to any machinery other than the monitor, which meant he could breathe for himself, although he was curious as to why he had a tracheostomy, and secretly a little terrified of the thought.
If he was honest with himself, he had hit the inevitable low point, he was still being fed through the tube in his stomach, a PEG, as he was unable to swallow, and he was able to talk, it wasn't the clearest talking, but he could do it, he changed his own inner tubes, as long as someone helped, as he only had his one hand, it gave him a false sense of independence, despite the fact he still had to have someone help him everywhere and wash him.
"Now, last night when we interviewed Mr Rogers, he declined to comment on Mr Stark, and simply confirmed to us that he had retired as Iron Man, and that with the loss of Iron Man, the Hulk, and Hawkeye, there were three new members on the team, a Sam Wilson, Peter Parker, and James Barnes, all of which we have seen in action before as Falcon, Spiderman, and the Winter Soldier. Barnes, who has recently been cleared of all charged against his name, due to evidence of brainwashing from the terrorist group, Hydra, was also at last night's event. Sources at the event also report that Mr Rogers and Mr Barnes appeared quite close, and that the Blonde who attended with him, is a Miss Sharon Carter, the niece of the late WWII veteran Margaret 'Peggy' Carter, and that the two were attending as friends.
"Steve, he's just tired, that's all. He needs the sleep. He'll need to build up his energy."
New York. Flashbacks of the fight with the Chitauri, and his flight into space, alone, but with hundreds of thousands of aliens, waiting to take over the planet, he stood between them, and the thought terrified him.
"He's on the phone." Bucky said cautiously.
Judging by the spike in Tony's blood pressure, his heart rate increasing, and the look on his face, furious wasn't even close to describing how he was feeling. Unfortunately, his abused body struggled to keep up, his diminished lung capacity from the reactor was bad enough, but the amount of secretions in his lungs, and higher need for oxygen, a need his body couldn't currently provide, sent alarms blaring and people rushing into the room. He could hear people talking but, due to the rushing in his ears, was unable to make it out.
"Okay. I want to see if you can press this buzzer in case you need anything, I won't be far, and I'll check on you, so you won't be alone, don't worry." He placed the buzzer in Tony's left hand, purposely making sure he was always in Tony's line of sight, and after a few goes, he clumsily pressed the button, he thankfully didn't need too much force, but if he just made a fist, and bashed it, it would go off.
"Ah. He's just upset. I recommended he take some time out, he's not left here for longer than 12 hours before now. I know he wants to be with you, but it's not healthy."
-/-/-/-/-/-
Until one day a warm hand was on his cheek, his eyelashes fluttered but he didn't fully rise to consciousness, lacking the energy, even though his slow brain was curious, Rada and Lyosha's hands were always cool on his feverish skin, maybe his fever had broken? Unlikely due to the way he felt.
"As you wish." JARVIS' voice was worried, but it had been becoming increasingly worried over the last several months, as he gradually ate less and less, slept less and less, interacted less and less, and lost the will to really do much of anything. His creator hadn't spoken to another human being since he said goodbye to Rob at the hospital seven months ago. The food delivery guy, came over twice a week, but never set eyes on the billionaire, and was paid a pretty penny to keep his mouth shut.
Steve's soft snores stopped, and a low moan echoed through the room.
So even through the cries, he let go.
"JARVIS called Buck, asking for help to save you, I got one of your old reactors from Stark mansion, and came here. If Pepper hadn't been here, you would have died. Bruce is on his way too, Tasha and Clint have gone to get him, so he can fix your old one, as this is one of the palladium ones." Steve gently traced around the reactor, as Tony looked away, feeling ashamed that he had failed once again, while he didn't actively kill himself, he let it happen, and couldn't even do that right.
"So?" "All of them are from either Mr Rogers, Agent Romanoff, Doctor Banner, Miss Potts, and Mr Hogan."
-/-/-/-/-
"I am calling as a device is failing, and I need someone's help, not Sir, me."
-/-/-/-/-
"Rada says he's been with them for three days, and has had a fever for the last two, it only got significantly worse yesterday, since then he's been hallucinating, and drinking little. His wounds don't appear to be infected, so she was thinking it was his lungs. She's given him what herbal remedies she had, and sent her husband and son to the nearest town the day before yesterday for antibiotics, but they won't be back until tomorrow at the earliest." Tasha spoke now from his left, next to Bruce.
He knew he was dying, infection either from his wounds, or the leftover water in his lungs, and there was nothing he could do about it. There was a sort of peace to that. A finality that he was sure about. He wasn't suicidal, he wouldn't go out of the way to purposely get himself killed, but he didn't see the need in fighting right now, prolonging the inevitable.
"Shut up Steve." Tony said in a grunting voice, talking through his tube. He wanted to wallow in his own self-pity for a while. Yet he wasn't allowed to be alone long enough to do so.
-/-/-/-/-
Tony strode through SHIELD headquarters, face like stone, and with an aura of fury about him, no pun intended. Dark shades covered his eyes, and metal glinted around his right arm.
"You look like the same old Tony, if not a little slimmer than normal, and looking more bad-ass with a slightly busted nose." Natasha smirked, covering for a crestfallen Clint who was suffering under Steve's glare.
-/-/-/-/-/-
A few times Rob came in, to change his trachy tube, roll him into a different position, inform him the doctors were being held up with emergency cases from the invasion, but as he was stable at the moment, and the nursing team were keeping a close eye on him, they would come and see him when they could, and assured him that there was no news on the Avengers at the minute.
“So,” Loki dropped his feet and propped his elbows on the table. “Let’s talk.”
Pepper scanned the notes. “Thor, is there something you haven’t been telling us?” she asked, looking up at him a minute or so later.
“’S’fun,” Tony slurred. “’Cept if you’re dying.”
that if he doesn’t open the goddam door I’m going to break it down,” Steve gritted through clenched teeth. Enough of this bullshit.
“No.”
Steve blinked. “And you really think we should ally ourselves with them?” He sounded very doubtful.
much fun.” Her eyes gleamed.
Tony and Clint just laughed harder, leaning against one another as they wheezed. “He apparated!” Tony told Clint.
Toto I don't think we're in Kansas anymore! Tony discovers Strange has a plan. Ish. Steve needs a distraction.
Steve hadn’t moved from his spot in front of Loki. Bucky still stood with Rhodey and the others, giving them room. “It’s your call.” Steve spoke very softly as he looked at Loki.
his lady,” Steve added helpfully. Tony swung his deadly laser-beam gaze on Steve. Bucky and Steve were a terrible combination.
“Where did you finally decide to take him?” Bucky asked calmly.
“Oh my god,” Steve groaned once more. “I am never drinking with Thor again.”
Rhodes retreated from her with an aggrieved rub to his head. “Why do I always forget how mean you are?”
Steve came over to Coulson, holding out his hand. “While I’m not happy about being lied to, I’m really glad that you’re alive, Agent Coulson.” Coulson shook his hand with a small smile.
Rhodey nodded. “He’s the President, he’s not really interested in the problems that other worlds have. He’s pretty much only focused on Earth right now.”
He almost ran into the lab, searching for Tony. He saw Bruce first. “Bruce!”
The tree root gave a groan. Tony leapt back, stumbling into Skurge. “Okay, that was weird,” he said. “Am I right? I mean there's a whole fuckton of weird going on right now, but that was weird.”
“You will be a toaster,” Tony grumbled. “And what did you mean by 'good'?” he asked Bucky.
Bruce put the venom sample in the analysis instrument. Clint and Tony had both been forbidden from naming any Ancient technology. Ever.
“Sweet baby Jesus,” Tony moaned as Bucky made a meal of him. Watching Bucky moving, sucking made Tony get even harder. He wanted to come, but Bucky had a firm grip at the base of his dick, holding off Tony’s orgasm like the asshole he was.
“Bucky!” Steve fell to his knees, something breaking inside as he pushed his hands into ash. All around him, dust and ash flew into the air, a powdery rain of human cells torn apart as they stood.
“Well, that’s just motherfucking wonder-fucking-ful!” Dean spat a second later.
The kiss was gentle, at odds with the heated gaze and fever-damp skin. Steve was taken aback, but let Bucky take the lead.
“He’s an arrogant know-it-all who thinks he’s the smartest person in the universe,” Tony said.
Tony snickered. “Captain America, epic cuddler. I can see it.”
“I had to make sure first,” Bruce defended. “It was pointless to talk about it until I could confirm it.”
A low rumble came barreling through a hole in one of the abyss walls.
Tony shook his head. “I’m fine,” he muttered. “Didn’t think it would be that intense.”
“The East Wing?” Sam asked. “Just how big is this place?”
“Whatever,” Tony rolled his eyes. “He’s a poor man’s version of me.”
good man.
Tony met his gaze. “Could be your story is not so crazy. Maybe,” he hedged. “Ross has no idea I'm here. I'd like to keep it that way. Otherwise, I’ve got to arrest myself.” He tried a little grin, but it felt wrong on his face. Smiling had no place in this fortress of horror.
He knew that
Steve sighed. “I don’t know why I bother talking to you,” he mumbled. “You already know all the answers.”
“Well, that’s just proof that he’s crazy about you.” Steve’s throat was tight. “He doesn’t even feed himself regularly. We always had to force him to eat.” He’d missed that, Steve thought, making Tony sandwiches and ensuring that he eat them in front of him.
convinced himself.
Tony rolled his shoulders. “Each of you have a revised copy of the Accords on the tablets in your rooms. Read through them. Let me know what you think. If you sign on then we talk. If you don’t, well, you walk.”
Bruce rolled his eyes and put his phone on speaker. “This is sort of pathetic, you know,” he observed. “The protectors of the free world squabbling like children.” He frowned at Tonysuddenly. “Hey! I thought
“We’d create a circle capable of holding Set and then summon him using the sigil.” Sam got animated, hands moving as he tried to describe the spell.
Later, when asked, Tony couldn’t say exactly what happened. Couldn't describe the sounds, the sights, the feelings as the Mind Stone shattered. He only remembered the feeling of the earth lurching beneath his body as Steve protected him. The cold of Vision’s skin as Tony lay over his body. The shriek of a dying star as the shards of the Mind Stone detonated. The scent of lightning settling like a blanket, the sweet, metallic pungency surrounding them all.
“Shut up and let me do my thing, Cap,” Tony ignored his desperate voice. “They’ve wired this to blow out the wazoo.”
“You do realize that Steve is standing right here?” Natasha's drawl made Tony grin.
guy was focused on Tony Stark to the exclusion of everything else. He shivered.
Steve closed the bay door and sat down in front of it. “Clint, please get us back to the Tower as quickly as possible.”
“Okay.” Barnes took a breath. Tony released his, not realizing how tense he was. “How do we do this?”
Sadly, knowing Tony, Steve thought, he probably would. He nodded a little morosely.
He clenched his fists, digging his nails into his palms. It was over. Surely? If Ross hadn’t been so gung ho about the SRA, then Congress would never have voted it into being in the first place.
Then Tony met Sam’s gaze. “Oh my god,” he said. “Those eyes should be declared lethal weapons!” Sam’s slow smile was a revelation. Suddenly everything Carver Edlund had written made sense.
Tony appeared extremely proud of himself. “Please, you know you think I’m sex on legs.”
Crowley tucked his hands into his coat’s deep pockets. “I feel like a broken record.” He jutted his chin out. “This is Hell, Mr. Stark, not the Hilton Hotel. We don’t place nice here.”
Steve slumped down, dropping his face into his hands. “He just makes it so hard!” he moaned.
“I took care of that,” Tony said. “Should be arriving in a minute.”
Steve eyed the animal. “Maybe you should put her back in the cage. I mean, she’s already hurt Tony.” The hissed rumble was response enough.
“He’s built like a god,” Tony pointed out. “He could actually date three people at the same time and all three would be grateful for his attention.”
“I said something like that to Tony,” Steve admitted. “I said that no matter if he was in the armor or nor, he was still Iron Man.”
She agreed to stay on as CEO because she loved her job and loved Tony. But
“Is it always like this?” Dean’s distinctive gravelly voice had Tony trying to straighten up. Coulson offered a hand.
“Go get ‘em, cowboy,” Natasha said, leaning around and slapping him on the ass.
“That's a complete lie, Tony Stark, and you know it!” Pepper's voice behind them had Tony realize that she was actually
Steve straightened, his eyes narrowing. “Being with Tony doesn’t change who I am,” he growled, his arm hauling Tony closer so that he was tucked into those rather ridiculous abs like glue. “I believe the modern phrase is bisexual and Tony is deserving of everything good in this world.”
“Miss her?” Steve sounded confused. “I don’t understand, isn’t she living there?”
“You talk about our sex-life with Rhodes.” Steve gave him a flat, unimpressed look. “Bucky was right. I have no idea why I love you.”
“Need a hand?” Bucky asked.
Tony definitely needed brain bleach now. “Ugh.” He waved a hand in front of his face in an attempt to make it all go away.
“That’s just great,” Tony muttered. “So much for avoiding them at the mansion.”
A screen lit up and Tony knew what it was before even a second had gone by. He’d seen this before. He knew what it was. He knew that Steve knew. And hadn’t ever told him.
“Fuck you, I’m tearing up the friendship agreement, Leonard.” Tony wanted to kick his ass, but a mid-air battle wasn’t exactly good for team morale.
choose you.”
Tony decided to distract Pepper. She’d come back to that subject no doubt later, but right now he wanted her attention off Bucky. She’d know exactly what was going on in about a second. “So Pep, is the house in order?” he asked, guiding her into the corridor with the elevator banks.
Bucky shrugged. “Inflation,” he said. “Tony told me I’ve got lots of money coming to me from the US Army, so I’m feeling generous.”
“That sounds a lot like what Wanda can do,” Natasha added. They all turned to look at Wanda.
asshole.” Steve stepped into the open shower with a rueful smile. “I’m sorry that this time has to end.”
my true north. I've known him all my life.”
His head shot up. “Who?” He didn’t want to guess. He didn’t want to hope.
“Since when has Tony Stark been the beacon for safety?” Sam frowned. “He’s the reason we’re…”
Tony was fascinated by the tinge of red that crept across Steve’s cheekbones. “I didn’t…”
“Man, you have no idea how fucking angry I am right now,” Rhodey spat. “But my best friend somehow found it in him to give you all a place to hide while you sort your crap out. And then he freaked out so badly that he had a fucking heart attack. I really don’t give one tiny shit about your problems; so silence would be advisable for the foreseeable future. Capisce?”
He sighed, looked down at the workbench, and wondered what he was going to find next to distract him from the awful emptiness that his life was sure to go back to. Welcome to my pity party, he thought.
“That you are,” Bucky agreed. “But you were with Pepper. Happy with Pepper.”
“Everyone, get a good night’s rest,” Steve ordered. “I’ve got a feeling that tomorrow is going to be a crapshoot.”
“We have a talking hawk,” Bruce affirmed from his side of the lab. “Not the craziest thing we’ve encountered.”
Rhodes’ eyes narrowed. “You didn’t think of us that way?”
Tony refocused. “Adding?” Because they had been talking about Steve and Tony up until now. And Steve and Bucky. Steve and Tony
Shame washed over Steve again. How had he not seen this perverse thing that Wanda was? She’d not changed once freed from Hydra’s clutches. Just like the operatives who’d been sleeper agents at S.H.I.E.LD., she’d merely gone underground, become the person, on the surface at least, they all hoped she would be.
“Disabled?” Steve needed all the information he could get.
“Why aren’t you the perceptive boy,” Crowley crooned at Clint. Even the hairs in Tony’s nose stood up. “Now, what’s this about Lucifer and the Cage?”
~~~O~~~~
Bruce nodded. “That’s a very valid question.” He looked over at Tony. “Perhaps Dr. Stark can answer that for you.” It was a very deliberate use of Tony’s title. One that the public seldom got to hear.
“God, Steve, he’s been so fucking damaged.” Tony’s voice broke. Steve didn’t dare turn to look at Bucky, to gauge what this was doing to him.
“You look tired too,” Bruce noted as he stood up. “You should try to get some rest.”
Steve grabbed his arm on the next pass, swinging him around to face him. “Tony, don’t you get it? It’s not the suit that makes you Iron Man. It’s you that makes the suit. It always has been.
“No.” Bucky's voice was very firm.
Crowley took a deep breath. “Lucifer is a master manipulator,” he reminded them as he stepped out onto thin air. Tony bit back a yell. “Don’t trust anything he says.”
“Come on then, let's get this done.” Bruce stood, leading the way out of the kitchen.
“Uh, Buck, me and Tony, we’re not like that,” Steve said. “We never were?”
Tony lay back, watching him. “Carefully, Rogers. That’s how you handle me.”
Steve hurried to catch up to him. “Is Ms. Potts not coming with us?” He was so very tired of everything now. He wanted a bed and a shower and, most of all, a conversation with Tony that he feared would never actually happen.
Steve nodded. “The serum speeds everything up.” He rolled his shoulders. “Because our metabolism runs so high, things like sleep to recover from the day, well it just doesn’t always need to happen.”
“I’m almost afraid to find out,” he admitted, making his way to where he could hear Tony muttering dire threats. He peered around the panel and saw Bucky sitting in a chair while Tony poked at his arm. “Hey.”
The stupid heads are finally getting somewhere.
focused,” Tony told him. “I’m like a laser.”
Steve sat up on the chair when Matilda’s weight changed. The man draped over him had long dark hair and a sharp face, almost feline in his prettiness. He was also not wearing anything at all. Steve tried his hardest to ignore that.
“I’m equally pleased to see you all returned from your little adventure in one piece, Captain.” Coulson’s eyes crinkled a little at Natasha. “Widow.”
“At least we don’t deal with angels every day,” Bucky said. “They seem like a real bunch of dicks.”
“Thanks asshole,” he grinned back. “Good to know you’ve got my back.”
Steve’s mouth dropped open in shock. “No!” he exclaimed. “Tony, you could have killed us both in Siberia. You pulled your punches, let us beat you. I know that. Of course I trust you!”
“Specifically,
Laura moved away, went to where Clint was still crouched on the floor, surrounded by his children. “We should probably talk,” Laura said.
“That means that you would have to go back to Asgard before then or you’ll be stuck here forever,” Vision said softly.
Steve poked Tony. “Stay awake.”
The glass slid away, Atlantis, as always, eager to please Steve. Thor hurried to place Tony carefully against the cushioned wall of the pod. He stepped back and the pod closed, flooding with some sort of gas that quickly liquefied around Tony’s body, turning solid a few moments later.
“He really is,” Tony said, still keeping himself between Peter and Vision’s body.
Tony glared at him. “Really? We’ve literally talked ourselves stupid the past few days. What more do we need to clear up?”
“That you wouldn’t ever leave us,” Cooper said.
“Weeks?” Tony tried to remember the past week. The past day. The past hour.
“I was wrong.” Steve watched the shock cross Tony’s face. “I’m just a man, Tony. Sure, I’ve got some extra juice in my blood, but I make mistakes. I’ve made so many mistakes that there’s no way I should be allowed to command the team again.”
T’Challa stood, watching as the cryogenic chamber hosting Bucky was loaded onto the Quinjet. Steve stood at his side, hoping that they were doing the right thing.
Happy had become a lot more paranoid since the Extremis situation. “Sure,” Tony said, pushing the door open.  He’d forgotten that there had been others in this original meeting with Ross. “Richards.” He didn’t offer his hand.
He watched as Steve ducked his head, hiding a smile.
Scott grinned. “Come on, dude. When has that ever worked with me?” He made his rounds with the team, shaking hands and hugging. When he reached Natasha he gave her an awkward shoulder pat that had Steve smiling.
As he pulled on his jeans, he thought about what might lie ahead for him tonight. Orgasms, hopefully. At least one of them, if not multiple.
“That.” Natasha pointed at a grey t-shirt. “Wear that.”
“Tony, breathe, god, please breathe.” Steve’s voice broke through the terror that was shaking Tony apart. He realized that he’d slid to the floor and had curled up into a ball, trying to hide from the fear blanketing him like an impenetrable fog.
“I said he could come back here to see you guys instead of putting him somewhere else,” Tony told him. “The government isn’t very happy with some of the things your dad and his friends have done, so he needs to have supervision.”
The date begins. Confessions & realizations & flirting...oh my
“She says you are magic,” Clint said, arms folded across his chest. “She says you can save Tony.”
All hands went up, Dean holding Sam’s floppy arm up as well. “Happy, let’s make a quick stop at Mama’s. I’m feeling the need for some of that deep fried chicken.”
Bruce lifted his head. “There is something alive in the fridge.” He had his goggles on so his eyes looked like a bug’s. “It almost ate me.”
“Are you
“There’s a set of rooms for you too, Agent,” Tony told Coulson.
Thank you for the encouragement.
His landlady pinned him with a beady eye. “You stay 'nother night?” she asked. “You pay.” Her hand came out.
“We are
“I need to get your arm again,” he told Barnes. “I want your measurements so that I can fit you with the new one.” The distraction of building Barnes a new arm had kept him from thinking too much about what (and who) was missing in his life.
Bruce snorted a startled laugh. “What?”
“Nobody is carrying anyone anywhere!” Steve roared.
“It was, and you did,” Rhodey assured him. “I was mildly pissed off at you. Why didn’t you come to me?”
Bucky put his hands up, palm out. “I’m not interested in a fight, Natalia. Just starting to get bits and pieces back in flashes.” He looked over at Steve. “Up till now, you’ve been the only one I really remember.”
~o0o~
Let's be real, they're all a little messed up. SO MANY EMOTIONS.
“She’ll probably beat your ass,” Rhodes said.
Of course it was Bucky who put the thing together, who cleverly joined the dots. “You’ve got feelings for someone else.”
Ross rubbed a hand over his eyes. “My daughter died because one of your kind didn’t do his job.”
“We shall grieve in the manner of old,” Thor declared, clearly at a loss on how to deal with this. It was always difficult for him to see the darkness, Tony thought, when he was a being made of light.
“Now, Michael, no need to be nasty,” Lucifer crooned. It was exceptionally creepy.
human,” Ross said. “I thought that you of all people would understand the need to regulate these creatures that exist among us.”
“Stop thinking so hard, Stark,” Bucky muttered into his hip. “I can see the smoke rising from here.”
“So Dad’s like a prisoner?” Cooper asked, still watching his father with that careful, distrustful gaze.
sneaky asshole.”
“We try because it's the only way we can get up in the morning and live through the day.” Clint's voice was somber. He didn't take his eyes off the controls.
“That is so fucking hot,” Tony said as Steve stepped to the wall, hand carefully shielding Tony’s head from connecting with the tiles.
“What do you know about time travel?” he asked, keeping his voice low. Nobody could hear them, but anyone other than Bruce Banner would lock him up and throw away the key if he talked about being from the future.
.” Crowley nearly yelled at them.
“We need to figure out how long we have until the wall comes down,” Bruce said, coming up on Tony’s right.
“Gobble, gobble,” Bucky obliged and Tony cackled like a crazy person.
“I should give no indication as to your location?” Vision asked.
“Don’t ask,” Bruce begged when Steve looked over at him. “There were things seen that can never be unseen.”
“You are a stubborn man, Captain. And often a little too sure of yourself. Being right all of the time is not something any imperfect person can claim.” T’Challa handed Steve a flash drive. “This is a copy of the ratified Accords. I would suggest that you and your friends spend some time reading them.”
Steve sighed.
“Miss Potts, you know Tony very well, yes?”
looks Steve had been sending him over his shoulder during the Maria Stark Foundation’s gala earlier that week, he was as well; ergo Youtube: neutral, with no ties to any news outlet, and most importantly: more efficient than most other websites JARVIS had suggested when presented with the idea. Of course, when Steve was told of (a practically vibrating) Tony of his
“Yes, he does like you back, Steven.”
“Hnnngh” Tony grunted as the last particularly tricky knot came loose.
The building itself was empty, save for a flight of stairs in the centre that lead into the ground, and Steve frowned. Shouldn’t there be more guards? They were keeping Tony Stark as a hostage after all.
“Alright, Miss Potts, thank you for your time, I’ll leave you alone no-“
He’d just recently posted the approval of every Avenger, and had come out with minimal casualties (after the first little bit of “we shouldn’t have someone like this protecting us”, the world seemed to reach the consensus that not only did his sleeping habits not interfere with his ability to do his job, but that it was “adorable” as well (SUCK ON THAT NAT), and had had the brilliant idea (JARVIS would tell you that he’d sparked Clint’s moment of genius, but he was a lying liar) to interview the rest of New York’s superhero population.
Steve sprinted over to the genius, eyes never leaving the other man’s form even as he took out the last couple of guards with relative ease. Steve knelt in front of Tony has he undid the fraying rope tied around his wrists and feet.
“Speak for yourself” This is why Tony was Clint’s least favourite.
“So you agree? We’re gonna do it?”
to blame) so he’s going with Clint. So it’s all Clint’s fault and no one other than Clint’s fault too because who else would come up with the stupid idea of coming out as in a gay relationship with Captain America on Youtube of all places?
It starts with Clint. Well, not really, but like Clint was the first one to make more casual things and Tony wants someone other than himself to point fingers at (and Clint is just
“Mr. Stark has heavy amounts of antipsychotics in his bloodstream, meaning that he is under sedation and will not be in the right state of mind when he wakes up.”
“Sure. Yeah.” Clint gave the most awkward thumbs-up in the history of awkward thumbs-ups and sprinted out of the room before Tony could put his two cents in.
And now to survive the wrath of the all-powerful Black Widow.
“Steeeeeeeve”
Steve broke out into a run without checking if the others were following behind: the longer he waited, the longer his Tony (just Tony he mentally admonished) was being kept there. Just the thought made Steve sick.
“And you two dated at one point”
The team sat there for three hours before another call to assemble was issued, and while Steve had tried to go out with the rest of the Avengers, they had insisted he stay to watch their fallen teammate; feeling useless, but also kind of glad that he was the one at Tony’s bedside.
Of course that was until Clint and JARVIS (the back-stabbing bastard) got involved.
“Tony! Hey friend! I take it you saw
Other than a nasty cut on his waist, Tony had gotten off relatively lightly, with just some minor bruising along his arms, knees, back and head. The Avengers were relieved. That was, except for Steve.
The video had been posted for 3 days, and the press had sent THOR running back inside with the vast swarms of reporters crowding around the lobby of Stark Tower and Clint was getting bored. Apparently they would be “endangering civilian lives” if they fought evil now, so all the villains that would usually mean a call to Assemble were taken care of by the X-Men and Fantastic Four. (It was such a nuisance for others to have your back). So he’d been doing nothing but sparring and paperwork (he was that desperate for stimulation) and it was the WORST. He was scrolling through the comments of his latest Instagram post (of him staring dramatically into the sunset with a bird on his shoulder and a bow in his hand (the one right beside it was a video of Tony explaining some sci-fi movie to Steve and Thor like nothing was wrong while Natasha flipped Clint onto the kitchen floor in the background (the bet as to who would be the first to startle Nat was still at large) and Bruce stared into the camera like he was on the office.)) when he had a stroke of genius. A few minutes of threatening, bribing and begging JARVIS later, he was recording a video of his own.
Tony nodded. “But we’ll only have the power to do that if we get that stone.” He looked over at Bruce as though asking for confirmation.
Steve ignored him. “I’m going to make sure that you never, ever again think that you’re not the most important thing to me in the world.” He pulled his fingers out and Tony manfully resisted the urge to whine.
the universes were safe.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve stepped towards him. Tony stepped away. Steve’s eyes were a little damp. Tony felt nothing.
in mythology real?”
When Tony looked at Steve, he saw a stranger. “I’m not doing this for you,” he said. “I won’t be doing anything for you again.” He passed Barnes a phone. “My number is on there. Call me when you’re ready.”
“Fine. I believe you.” Tony made a hurry up motion with his hands.
Tony started laughing.
“How do you propose to do this, Captain?” Thor asked, hand resting on the hilt of his hammer. “It could be perilous to submit Tony to either the venom or the stasis pod once more.”
Bucky shrugged as he helped Natasha up. “Chamber blew open and I was awake.”
“Tony chose to walk away,” Clint protested. “Like I did.”
Tony couldn’t take his gaze from the television screen. Where was Cap? “Hmm?” he murmured.
Tony cleared his throat. “What he said.” He flailed his hand at Coulson. “Agent knows best.”
weapons, all of you.” He paused. “All of us,” he amended.
“But the nuke was coming in.” Bucky wasn’t stupid.
“Well, that seems even more obvious than the hand,” Tony said.
“I did,” Natasha said. “He told me that he agreed with Tony, that the world would be safer without the Avengers. That we were, we
“I am Doctor Stephen Strange,” the stranger said. “But you may call me Doctor Strange.”
“Can you what?” Tony found that talking while being kissed didn’t really work so well.
“I would dare a whole hell of a lot for the people I care about,” Tony said. “Right now, you’re the only obstacle to making sure they’re all safe.”
“We might be able to go home again?” Scott voiced the thoughts they were all having.
“That’s because he
“What Agent Coulson said in there, about you taking on the position of Director of Superhuman Affairs because you wanted to keep us out of prison, was that true?” Steve watched the myriad of micro-expressions flit over Tony’s face.
Steve, and everyone else, was astonished when Bruce just lunged at Tony, clinging to him. Tony patted him on the back, eyes wildly meeting Rhodes’.
“Huh?” If Tony had been straight then Natasha would have been at the top of his fuck me list. He liked a little, okay a
“Okay then, Bruce, whenever you’re ready, I’m good to go,” Bucky said. “Whatever crap they put in me has been messing with my head.”
Tony jabbed a finger at him. “And that!” He could hear the almost hysterical pitch in his voice. “Where does that attitude come from, James Barnes?” He scowled. “You’re supposed to have no personality at all.”
Tony felt duly chastised. And then he whined, “He kissed me J, and then left.” Ran, more like it, Tony's mutinous mind supplied helpfully.
“Can I tell you something?” he asked, desperate to stop bursting out that he was in love with the idiot in the stupid purple-tinted glasses.
“Don’t be a dick, Barton,” Steve said. “It’s unattractive.”
Tony was immediately affronted on his own behalf. “I am
When he’d first moved into the tower, he’d tried to read up on some of the things that Tony and Bruce did, tried to find a common ground. He’d figured out the basics, but with two resident geniuses trying to constantly one-up each other, the information was ancient by the time he tried to talk to them about what he’d read.
“And I agreed,” Loki said with a placating hand on Thor’s arm. “It was the only way.”
Thanks for the love & comments. 1000 kudos! That's a milestone for me.
“But it worked, right?” Tony wanted to dance with joy.
“Then you should have asked for more time.” He ran a hand through his hair. “Have you ever read through, agreed with, and signed any contract for anything in three days in your life?” He waited, watching Tony’s face.
Tony scooted up to lean against the headboard, holding his arms out for Nate. “Gimme.”
“Thor happened,” Bruce said, offering Steve a hand. “Fortunately the Other Guy metabolizes Asgardian mead as well as he eats bullets.”
“Bucky was my first kiss,” Steve confessed, a gorgeous smile sliding affectionately across his mouth.
Steve swallowed hard. “I wanted to.” His admission was a whisper, and he looked down at his hands as he confessed.
Oh.My.God. HOW did this get here? I have no idea but the Avengers have a plan. So please bear with me. Tony is being a pain in my ass. So is Steve.
Steve watched Bucky and Thor circling each other. Bucky had learned to fight dirty in the Howling Commandos. He’d learned to fight even dirtier as the Winter Solder.
Tony was abruptly more hopeful about what was to follow. Then he saw that Bucky was still fully dressed. “You made me naked and you're not naked.”
Bruce’s mouth curved in a small smile. “She’s pretty scary when she’s angry.”
Sorry y'all - Flu & Bronchitis has laid me low.
worried. Bucky had just looked so sad when he’d heard that Tony wasn’t back yet. Part of Steve still wondered if his part in whatever the hell the three of them were was because Tony didn’t want him to feel lonely or to feel rejected.
“Yeah, I doubt Jane Foster and her crew would be very impressed with me if I destroyed a priceless artifact,” Tony said with a twist of his mouth.
“Who are you and what do you want with my Bruce?” Tony stepped in front of Bruce as he began to move towards her.
He turned to look at Bucky. “I thought it would be better to take myself out of the picture,” he explained, lowering his voice so that only Bucky would hear. Well, only him and the rest of the team who had superpowers. He wanted to give them all the glare of death, but Bucky was just staring at him with these huge wounded eyes.
“You wouldn’t dare,” Ross breathed, his face paper-white.
Steve winced. Vision may not have emotions per se but he was clearly still firmly on Tony’s side.
“I do
“I wonder, can demons get heart attacks?” Tony mused.
“Yeah,” Rhodes said with a smile as he threw his arm over Thor’s shoulders. “Chances are like leprechauns, they only come around once in a while.”
They hadn’t become this. They
Tony was offended. “Well, I’m sorry for wanting to lean on my best friend in times of need,” he muttered.
Bruce put out a hand. “Wait.”
!” he insisted.
Purgatory isn't quite what they're expecting.
“The President is about to address the nation,” she said, pushing him into a seat facing the large screen television on the opposite wall.
“Youtube? Um I mean I guess, but like what if they don’t take it seriously? No one takes Youtube seriously. And what if they think it’s a prank? Or if they think it’s really just LMD’s of us? I mean what if-”
“Did he wake up?” Natasha’s voice was as direct as ever.
Love was a strange thing, he decided.
Tony nodded to himself.
“I’m sorry did I hear you right? Like do I need to get my hearing aids checked or some shit?” Clint was the one that broke the shocked silence.
Tony on the other hand wasn’t pleased. At all.
And of course Steve chose that moment to come in, making two pissed parents making the I-expected-better-from-you face. Clint wasn’t ashamed to admit that he almost pissed his pants.
“And you just added another 69 behind “ClintSux” all three times”
Literally none of the however goddamn many heroes that he’d asked had said no.
Thankfully the Doctor came in before Clint could throttle some sense into Steve’s thick skull.
Now was one of those moments.
Or tried to, because energy sucked.
Denial had pushed itself to the forefront of his mind; there was no way that Tony would do that to them, to
“Now Clint,” First name. Ok. That was promising. “It’s not that we’re mad at you-“
“You do?”
“I mean, not like in a y’know romantic way or anything, just fuckin’ uhh y’know destroying… gender roles and all that.” Tony exhaled a frantic breath, “Cause you know me, making the world a better place even from the hospital bed. But yeah. Platonic love, man. Dude. Bro. Love ya. Mua mua.. but not uhh y’know that whole kiss… ing thing, ‘cause like that would be romantic and uh that’s not us. Or is it? Hahahahahahahha hilarious I know, I’m just fuckin’ witty like that y’know? A jokester. A fucking comedian. Wow. Look at me, I’m the next fuckin’ John Mulaney. That’s me. Just, tellin’ jokes, left right and centre. Doin’ good in the neighborhood… ” He gave Steve a pair of awkward finger guns as his rambling trailed off.
That sucked.
Tony focused on the puff of yellow in front of his face.
Big time.
Steve stood 50 feet from the two lookouts positioned at either side of the building dumbly for a good 15 seconds before shrugging it off. He must have left the shield at SHIELD, what with his rush to board the plane as quickly as possible.
Tony was so glad.
Because apparently Tony’s “business trip to Japan” was a cover-up for some stupid shit that SHEILD hadn’t even thought to tell Steve and the other Avengers about.
“Hey Mr. Clint. Don’t worry. Everything’s going according to plan.”
A lot.
So in other words, Steve was going to stab a bitch.
However many sub-par gunmen later, Steve locked eyes with Tony, and all his fury melted into concern. The man was strapped to a chair at the end of the corridor, head lolled back to expose his neck, and clearly under the effects of a shit-ton of drugs.
Clint clapped his hands twice, as though he didn’t already have their full attention, “Alright, lookie here you morons. You’re dumb”
And with that he left, trying to make it look like he
No matter, he was sure that those questions would answer themselves sooner or later.
“What the fuck, Barton.”
“I genuinely don’t know what I-“
“He said that he loved me.”
43 missed calls from Pepper, and the news that Tony would have to stay in Medical for a day longer for his cut to properly heal later, Tony was awake (the sedative had completely worn off a while ago) and he and Steve were studiously ignoring each other when a falling grate, following by a disappointed looking Hawkeye narrowly avoided clipping Steve in the shoulder.
“He’s the reason Barton’s able to post his fucking response videos even after I changed the password like a kajillion times!”
Ouch.
And there it was. Wow, Nat had really pulled out the big guns.
“Yup!”
The Avengers tripped over each other asking after their teammate.
By then, Steve had carried Tony into the elevator. “Our floor please, JARVIS.”
The fifth time he woke up, Tony found Steve staring down at him fondly and said the first thing that came to mind.
“FRIENDS!” Steve cringed as Thor’s bellow carried through the phone before a full scale argument could break out. “Let us hear Brother Steven speak.”
“And now they expect the rest of the team to put out public statements toooooooo”
The fact that Tony was so uncomfortable at just the thought of being in a relationship with Steve was expected, but nonetheless, Steve couldn’t help but feel as though his already shattered heart was being ground into the dirt by the heel of Tony’s gleaming dress shoe.
