They’re not demanding anything ludicrous from the team, Tony reasons with himself. It’s all pretty tame, designed to not single anyone out, to give them all the resources they need. There’s nothing there for anyone to get angry about, not really. Tony knows this, also knows that that doesn’t stop people from getting angry sometimes. Steve’s on his side this time, though, and people are more likely to listen to him.
Steve would think it’s nothing less than a miracle if he hadn’t known Tony personally for years. The thought makes his chest ache.
“I know.” Vision lifts one of the fingers resting on Tony’s back and taps it two, three, four times, almost like he’s patting Tony’s back, but not quite. “Is there anything you need?”
He doesn’t know what to say about his sleep situation right now; it’s not like he hasn’t gone a little longer without sleep, but usually it’s on purpose and his body fights him the entire way. And most of the time there’s chemical assistance, coke back in the day and caffeine since he collected shrapnel in his chest. He doesn’t know how to give voice to his semi-solid concerns without making them real. Tony’s not an idiot, though, and keeping quiet doesn’t mean it’ll go away, but he and Bucky definitely aren’t on good enough terms for that kind of conversation yet.
“You’re waiting for the early bird joke, right?” Tony says. Clint quirks a grin at him. “‘Cause I wasn’t actually gonna go for it. Too obvious.”
“Fair,” Tony says. He might’ve pushed if they’d been international, but the domestic incidents aren’t really the UN’s business as much as it is their own government’s. They really only do the UN debriefs with their liaison to avoid Ross, and a writeup sounds good enough to him.
“Hey, hey, what’s going on? You okay? Do you need help?”
“Nat,” Steve says. Natasha swallows.
“Buck,” he says. He wants to crouch on the floor and cry like he’s five again. He wants to punch Bruce a little bit, and fight his way back into Tony’s room so he’s not alone anymore.
“You shouldn’t be able to hear that,” Steve says slowly, and Tony feels an irrational spike of irritation—
Socially awkward has next to nothing to do with it. Tony knows the man’s working on not getting into situations where he’s tempted to start a fight these days. He just brings his coffee to his lips to hide his smile—it does nothing good to encourage Clint—when a drawn-out grunt comes from the bed. Clint steps close enough to perch, lightly sitting on the very edge of the mattress, and crosses his arms. Tony, slightly boxed in by his tablets and not wanting to crowd, stays put.
It won’t be like that, he thinks firmly. He’s already got people on his side, Sam and Steve and Rhodey. And even if Steve’s being guided by some guilt-fueled martyrdom (this is a morning for worst-case scenarios), Sam and Rhodey are both solidly sensible and eloquent people. They should be able to assuage some fears. The doubt persists, though.
“Bump it down to thirty, Fri,” he says again, and he’s already scrolling through the rest of the percentages.
He’s painfully aware that they’re still standing in the doorway to his bedroom.
Steve Rogers is not meant to be hurt. It’s wrong on every level. And this isn’t even about him not being able to see beyond Captain America. Sure, Steve’s human, he gets confused and frustrated and Tony’s seen him sleepy and unguarded, and all of those are preferable to this. Steve indignant and spitting out root beer like the un-American heathen he really is? Of course. Steve, regretful but tight-jawed and ready for a fight, looking Tony in the eyes, admitting to betrayal? Even that, though terrible, is full of life, fire. The stillness and smallness of a hospital bed, the absolute lack of privacy they really get from the curtain—this is wrong.
“Did you really just use the word ‘normally’ to describe anything these people do?” Tony asks, gesturing to the room at large. At this moment he catches sight of the newcomers. “Morning!” he calls. “James #2—that arm might take me an extra day, sorry to get your hopes up, I have a meeting in the city a little later today.”
(thank you Mimine101 for the reminder!)
“I’ve got a couple in mind,” Tony mentions. “And there’s a list of psychs they had working over at SHIELD before they fell. We can ask Hill and the Wonder Twins if any are worth adding to the payroll.”
“So,” Clint says, “they happen to find inoperable brain cancer while looking in his skull, or what?”
Tony’s busy, he’s probably got things to do other than listen to Steve desperately trying to breathe over an outdated phone line.
“I’m not here to fight,” Steve says quickly.
The tissue unravels about three feet away from the bed and flutters uselessly to the floor.
When Tony looks, Steve is watching him steadily. Tony doesn’t back down and Steve doesn’t move to challenge the statement.
He flips the comm off again and concentrates on weaving through the trees. The sound of one falling behind him thunders through Central Park, and he makes a mental note to help them plant some new ones.
“Right," Steve says. He closes his eyes, slows his breathing. “Let me just—realign my entire world. One sec.”
“I’m really not sure if I'm the Jesus in this scenario," Bucky says after a stretched, awkward silence. “What with you—restoring the lost limbs of the leper and whatever.”
“Mine,” Tony says, and he lets a bit of the bitterness creep into his voice because, yes, okay, it still stings a little bit, to think that Natasha’s only ever on his side as long as it suits her needs. “To start with anyway. She jumped ship with Cap, of course, because who in their right mind would stay on my side because of something as silly as agreeing with my reasoning, right?”
“Seconded,” Vision says, lifting his nose higher. “They’ll be phenomenal.”
He thinks of Rhodey at MIT and the way-too-fun mutual destruction that was their college years, partying hard and propping each other up on the way back to the dorms, making each other drink water and puking at the sight of each other’s puke. He thinks of Jarvis—human Jarvis, Edwin—who had the most solid presence Tony’s ever experienced, the perfect way he knew how to tuck Tony in as a kid, something his mom could never even do quite right. He thinks of her, too, and he misses her, and it stings, but not as much as it has lately when he thinks of her carrying him to his room, sick with a fever but stubbornly refusing to go to bed before his bedtime, the way she checked his temperature with forehead kisses.
“You sponsor us,” Steve continues, “and deal with legalities and design things to keep us safe. And I—give the odd speech, and designate roles in a battle. The only way I know to keep you safe is by doing that. If you’re just gonna—go in hot anyway, no backup, unknown enemies—” Steve shrugs, and this time it’s clear his shoulders are slumping under some weight. “I’ve got nothing. I don’t know what to do.”
“I like—this,” Tony says eventually, flexing the hand on Steve’s back to show what
When he gets back to the communal area, everyone looks dead on their feet. Tony claps, and a few pairs of eyes roll to look at him.
Steve’s reality swoops again. He might be crashing, finally. Bruce is right, though. Bruce is right, and Tony would’ve died, should’ve died, but he didn’t, and he’s right beyond that door, probably still fading in and out of consciousness, afraid and hurt and he probably thought he was dying alone next to that broken beer bottle, and why the hell does Steve even remember the beer bottle, it doesn’t matter.
“Tony?” Steve sounds a little breathless. There are few things outside of an Avengers situation that would make Captain America winded; none of them are things Tony particularly thinks Steve should be doing while making calls.
“Depends on which—jeez, kid, you’re really somethin’, you know that?” Steve snorted, shaking his head as they made their way toward the entrance of the sleek home. Well, it looked more like a museum than a home, at least from the outside. Padding up the steps behind Tony, the blonde was solidly caught off guard by the cool, clean voice over the intercom in the house.
A minute or so later Tony was coming, crying out the detective’s name as he painted the sheets below him. Steve was murmuring into the other’s ear and pumping his hand as he did so—and then he was right behind Tony, his thrusts unsteady before a wave of pleasure crashed into him. Blue eyes shutting tightly and lips parting in a moan, he managed some mixture of Tony’s name and a handful of curses.
He watched as yet another decorated soldier stepped up to Barnes and elbowed him harshly just as the man began to open his mouth. Tony had absolutely no doubt it was to say something completely horrible.
“Have you been trying your hands at baking again?”
The driver shambles out of the car, clearly injured an struggling. It’s— it’s Howard. The Winter Soldier is there, an imposing figure towering above the older Stark briefly before, much to Tony’s growing horror, that deadly, metal arm shoots out to hoist Howard up by his hair. Tony should look away. He
Tony and Steve shared lingering kisses in the stairwell whenever they could and occasionally defiled the flower shop’s back room late at night.
“I’m sorry, but you seem to be under the assumption that I, one, know
Steve thought, absentmindedly loosening his tie as he decided to play the brunette’s game. Sidling over to Tony, Rogers tilted his head. “Do you usually invite all good looking detectives investigating death around the area for a nice glass of bourbon and a heavy side of bratty bottom energy?”
He and Rhodey had been here the better part of five years and not once had they ever received any type of complaint! The sheer fucking audacity.
“Jesus, Tony, how old are you? Where the hell did you even get this stuff?”
Stark’s face contorted in confusion. Wait a damn minute-- “Excuse me?”
In comes Director Fury and his shady ass secret boy band (which he wasn’t even approved for) and then— fuck. The Battle in New York happened. And just two weeks before that, his entire world was flipped upside down when a certain spangle clad soldier was found quite literally frozen solid in the Atlantic. Captain Steven Grant Rogers, literal man out of time, had been near immediately added to the roster and suddenly he’d become Stark’s problem.
Not only had Rogers up and disappeared, but when he finally reappeared again, he’d gained a new shadow. One metal armed, shaggy haired brunette. James Barnes.
Stark just looks… perplexed. So, he’d what? Abandoned Pepper at the gala, thrown himself at Steve and then been put to bed? The migraine pounding at his head is definitely not just from all the drinks he’d had the night before. He doesn’t really know how to feel about any of this… so did Steve just not want to have sex with him because he was drunk? (It wasn’t an issue for most of the people Tony slept with if he was being honest) or was he uninterested in Tony over all?
Steve opened his mouth and shut it again, charcoal tinged fingers twitching at his sides. “Bucky. What’s the last thing you remember? Right before cryo?”
“It’s good to see you, Tony.”
They’re all dead.
“Just tell me, Steve.”
However, after New York, things seemed to settle down just a little bit. Stark had apparently shown he was capable, and Rogers’ charm had grown on Tony, no matter how hard he’d deny it. They’d become something close to friends, maybe toeing the edge of something a little more after one gala where Tony had one too many and had made an absolute fool out of himself in the backseat of Happy’s car while on the ride back to the tower. God. That had been… well.
Oh, come on. Listen, I know you’re like… what? 100-something? man I’ve lost count. But jesus, Rogers, have some fun once in a while.
Tony grits his jaw, face a cross of pain, grief and disbelief. “Don’t
“Look Tony, I know that right about now, I’m probably the last person on Earth that you want to see, maybe only second to that big, blonde, dumbass over there. I really appreciate you comin’ out and doin’ this.”
Pepper was loudly clearing her throat and Tony snapped his attention back to her and her date, oh right. He was supposed to be behaving. To be fair, that was before he knew that Pep’s hot date was going to be bringing this douche-nozzle along. Tony still hadn’t gotten them back for their last prank they pulled on the shop. Seriously, who super-glues a back door?
Stark turns to lunge at Barnes, eyes hard and glassy but Rogers is there to hold him back.
about you. Thank you by the way, for all the good laughs.”
. Better, actually than anything that Steve had ever pictured in his head when he fantasied about Tony. And Stark, much to Steve’s surprise, is pliant and soft under him, letting the taller of the two take control of the kiss. Eventually they break apart for air and Steve’s transfixed by Tony’s puffy bottom lip. He really hopes next time comes sooner than later.
Rhodey’s eyes rolled hard, and he set out his hand.
me?” Tony blurts, because clearly, he must be dreaming still.
Tony still left the boys flowers; the fresh arrangements ever present in the shop. Thankfully, with much less passive-aggressive meanings those days.
And then of course, Afghanistan happened, followed by Obie and then the fact that he revealed to the world that he was in fact, the Iron Man. Directly after that the whole deal with Justin Hammer happened and god, Tony’s life had been an utter shit storm since Rhodey had found his lily-white ass out in the Afghani desert. One thing after another, after another. There was just no end.
The council had Tony strung up six different ways, tied up in several different missions all at once. Nearly all of them were jobs that the normal team would have never touched. Pure bureaucracy. This isn’t what the Avengers were intended for. They weren’t politicians or had any particular interests in one party or another, and they certainly weren’t supposed to be used to put out whatever small fires the council deemed necessary.
By the end of the night, Tony went home with the knowledge that Rogers was
“Just keep it down.”
“Stop whining, it’s the first event you’ve been to in months and its
God, if Stark rolled his eyes any harder, they might finally get stuck that way. Right, Rogers, that’s why it was only him and Vision in the compound. Rhodey had his own home and life to attend to.
“We can discuss this some other time, right now we have to find Zemo.”
“Uh, yeahhhhh,” Sam continued, drawing the last word out while rubbing his hands together, as if forming a plan. The will reading was tomorrow afternoon, meaning they had a day to properly question everyone. All ten of them.
At the mention of Stark leaving the house, the detective raised a brow, absentmindedly pushing his finger against the middle C-sharp of the piano. The musical note sounded through the library, and in response, Pepper huffed.
God. He’d never heard her sound so desperate… so weak. She’s calling out Howard’s name and Tony opens shining eyes just in time to watch Barnes unceremoniously dump Howard’s lifeless body back into the driver’s side seat. The Soldier rounds the car robotically. Tony looks on in horror as Maria’s bloodied face can be seen in the passenger seat. Barnes is completely blank as he squeezes the life from her body and Tony feels his heart shatter all over again.
The Iron Man’s eyes trail from one super-soldier to the next. At least Rogers’ mark made sense, anyone who took one look at the blonde could tell how head-over-heels he was when it came to Barnes. Tony had never stood a chance, no matter what the Universe thought. Tony’s just— completely at a loss. The engineer gives a small, somewhat panicked chuckle, unsure of what else to do at this point. This was
“What in the actual hell is this?”
“Well hello, Detective. Definitely not the dad I was expecting but— I suppose you’ll do.” Tony laughs at the other’s expression, eyes sparkling with amusement from beneath his dark lashes. Tony can’t exactly say he’s surprised that Detective Rogers came out to find him.
“Well, considering this hotel is full of civilians and that Batroc has a knack for causing high casualties wherever he goes, we need to keep this as low profile as we can. I can get us into his room, but you need to move fast and grab the bastard before he has any chance of escaping. If we lose him, or worse, this turns into a hostage situation, then its over.”
"Service de chambre."   "Room Service."
Rogers had said, casual as can be, as if Tony had already agreed. As if Tony even knew where the fuck ‘
(See the end of the chapter for
“I dunno Petey, I think Sherlock Holmes would be a little better at pronouncing his R’s. Not quite so—“ Tony mocked the blonde’s thick Brooklyn accent. Oh, the look that got him was absolutely priceless.
Tony Stark that y’all have been griping about? Like, the actual Tony Stark? Jesus Christ you two.” Natasha tacked on.
Through the gaggle of onlookers and admirers, blue eyes catch a glimpse of perfect chestnut curls, a slip of olive skin. He’s in a finely pressed, charcoal Armani suit that hugs every dip and curve of his back like a second skin. Over the chatter of everyone else, over the sound of the soft jazz filling the small space, Rogers hears his voice, low, warm, and smooth. God, it’s been so long since he’d heard that voice in person, and it sends a shiver down his spine as his brain assaults him with other instances of just how
The Accords is really where they hit the breaking point. From the moment Tony lay eyes on the paperwork, he knew he and Steve were done for. There was no fucking way in hell that Rogers would go for these, not ever. The fact that James Barnes was the supposed bomber also didn’t help. The blonde was practically foaming at the mouth to get to him before the authorities could and when he’d had a fight with Tony
Tony hates that his heart melts a little at the sincerity in Steve’s voice. God, Stark was an absolute sucker.
Don’t do that. I can’t… Not yet.”
Tony was practically panting by the time Steve pulled away, and they both pretended to ignore the shudder of want that coursed through him. The brunette’s head tipped back a little, relishing in the not-quite-tight hold of the hand around his throat. His eyes fluttered.
“It’s not very
Ton’s whiskey eyes snap to Rogers, like all the others in the room.
-Rogers, looking like every iteration of Tony’s uniform kink-filled dreams. The blonde was dressed to the nines in Army Blues, medals and insignias glittering in the low lights of the hall. Just—No. This was absolutely not fair at all.
Of course, aiding Interpol’s most wanted was a serious crime and Tony was no snitch. He’d keep his theories and thoughts all to himself.
The engineer cringes at the sound of his first name coming from Ol’ Thaddeus’ lips. At least that word he did understand. “Toddy,” Stark hides the little grin on his lips by swiping down his face. Ross hates that name. “I’ve already told you. This… thing in France, with the pirates? It should be a military thing. Despite the fact that the entirety of your last force was Hydra, minus one, whom may I remind you, you made a wanted fugitive, you still have STRIKE force at your command.”
do commitment.
He didn’t understand. Why was Steve being so dodgy about it? Something had clearly happened to the effect that his best friend and soulmate wasn’t speaking about it. But Barnes was a big boy, he’d been doing horrible shit for years, decades. Whatever this was… if Stark wasn’t dead, then he could take it.
“No thanks to you, Daddy Warbucks. How’s your back door situation?”
and they’d never noticed. How had they let that slip? Whiskey eyes briefly turned towards Barnes; well, maybe it wasn’t so improbable after all.
It didn’t take long for the pranking to get out of hand.
There. That might be enough to get Tony to rise to the challenge. At this point, Steve can’t figure out if Tony is actually interested in him or if it’s simple curiosity. It isn’t like the billionaire isn’t aware of his proclivities. Maybe he should have listened to Buck on this one and just asked Tony out. This is so much more fun though.
Tony’s eyes roam the room for a moment, as if he’s searching for something or someone that should be there. “
“I don’t mutter. I’m
Steve moves forward silently, checking behind the door, in the bathroom where the door had been left wide open, and the shower running. Stark checks the kitchen area, the closets, hell, beneath the bed.
“Tony. Thanks for coming.”
Feeling Tony’s eyes on him, Steve made a point of not answering the question. He guessed it took, because the genius gave up, taking another drag, this time letting the smoke slowly pour out of his mouth as he talked.
Yeah, sure.
Tony’s eyes whipped down towards his wrist for a split second before they carefully found Bucky’s gaze again.
still be drunk or he’s hallucinating. Rogers looks unimpressed, as if he’s waiting for Tony to actually do
Tony had been left staring mouth agape at the door, Rhodey laughing just behind him.
As risky as this could turn out to be, it could be their only chance at getting anywhere with finding Batroc. Ever since Steve had learned of his escape and all the shady dealings the man had been doing with his newly found freedom, Rogers had steered the team on his trail. It was a wonder that Hydra captured him at all the last time; each lead turned up dead and then there was radio silence for a long while. That was until a couple days ago, when a street corner security camera caught Batroc slipping into a hotel in Bordeaux, France.
found a lead? He’d left. Gone. Just—
Tony shook his hand and couldn’t help but grin. “Anytime, soldier.”
Barnes dark brows furrowed as he scrounged his brain for— Oh.
Tony went to bat Steve’s hands away: it was his time to shine right now and he growled out a short “as if,” before continuing to try to undress and tease the other as he went. “Technically, since I unbuttoned your pants first, you were naked first.” Tony snarked at him, a punched out sigh of pleasure coming from him as his jeans finally popped open and his dick got a little relief.
“Oh my god! It was one time! Once! And I was still young and stupid. Jeez, you accidentally blow your best friend’s shitty girlfriend’s mailbox up one time—”
“Not that I don’t appreciate the thorough investigation, but we all just buried my father a night ago,” Bruce grumbled. “After celebrating his birthday with him, is this all absolutely necessary?”
Tony nearly jumped out of his skin when Rogers took the space at the bar next to him.
Also, also, I don't fluently speak French so uh, all translations are possibly incorrect.
Large feet froze in place, eyes going wide in alarm at the mention of the name. Steve knew that name. Where did he know that name from? And why did his chest feel so tight?
“No, actually, I don’t think I am. It’s after hours, I’m closed up and if you don’t mind, I have a lot of orders to finish up by tomorrow night so…”
“What the fuck am I supposed to say to’em, huh? Sorry I stole your soulmate and killed your parents, but I’ve got your mark so let’s hold hands and sing fucking kumbaya?”
“Well, it’s been a long day.” Steve huffs.
Okay okay so, Bucky and the Winter Soldier have always been separate entities for me so, that’s the way I’ll be writing them. I realize it’s different for everyone but I hope y’all don’t mind it too much.
“Yeah it’s— Shuri really outdid herself.”
It wasn’t until Tony turned to take a look at Rhodey that he noticed the man was
He felt a grin tug at his lips. This guy was so gorgeous it was really just unfair, all tanned skin and toned muscle. Part of him realized he’d been so impatient to get on with this, not taking their time because he wanted this to happen again. Something about that ridiculous snark and sharp-as-a-knife mind. Then again, with Tony Stark, who wouldn’t feel that way?
“After Stark arrived and you— we, told him about the mark, he joined us on our mission to find Zemo and the rest of the super soldiers. Except, there weren’t anymore soldiers. Not any alive anymore, anyway. Zemo had us trapped. He… he showed Stark the surveillance footage of uh, December 16
“Tony—“ Steve starts but the Avenger simply holds up a halting gauntlet.
Tony slapped on his winning press smile and just as he went to shake her hand, he spotted the two shadows flanking her.
Something was — “Who the hell is that?”
Excuse him but,
It continued this way for
With a playful glance, Steve moved right past, sauntering over to the driver’s side of the R8.
Tony knows a dismissal when he sees one and god, he’s just happy to get the fuck out of there. Stark stands and slowly buttons his suit jacket, eyes hard where they meet the General’s. Tony hates him, genuinely so. Ross has always had it out for him since the day Tony told the world he was the one beneath the red and gold faceplate. The billionaire stops at the door, his mouth shooting off before he could think better of it.
The Iron Man. Steve’s—
“You know eye-fucking me doesn’t count right?”
“let Rogers go free. Not even an attempt to bring him or any of the other Rogues in. There wasn’t anything on him or your encounter with him in your reports or debriefing either.” The older male rounds the desk, palms face down on the smooth surface as he leans towards Stark. The engineer’s eyes find the magazine, a tabloid really. On the cover is a high-resolution photograph of the moment that Tony had spotted Batroc (or at the very least someone who could have been the man’s double), the brunette leaning intimately into a blonde’ space. The headline reads:
Bucky looked towards Tony’s expensive shoes with a sigh. “It’s not— it’s not about the event itself, though, I got a very glanced over play back from Steve. I- after having basically no autonomy for decades, I want to make sure everything up here,” Bucky gently raps on his temple with vibranium knuckles, “is mine. Even all the bad shit I’ve done. I… hurt you—”
Oh boy, this guy was going to be trouble. In more ways than one. Tony’s almost to the Audi. If he can just get inside, then no one could stop him from leaving.
[Tony Stark, 11:39 Pm]
“Ouch
Only issue here was, if they managed to get that footage from T’Challa, he’s almost certain that it would be found by the Council or at the very least Interpol and that meant— God. That would be a disaster.
The Universe thought that Tony was a perfect man for the assassin? That was rich.
Steve could hear the panting beside him eventually slow. Tony looked dazed, to say the least, and glancing over at him, Steve smirked viciously. “Hey, you didn’t lose your voice. Well, at least not all the way.” He couldn’t help but laugh at the response, making the faint crinkles by his eyes deepen as he tossed his head back into the pillow.
Find a one, James Buchanan Barnes.
Ugh! How could Tony have been so stupid and distracted? Dark brows furrowed and he stalked toward the taller man, who had at least four inches on him.
Of-fucking-course they knew. All of them. Ross and the Fucking Council. They’d sent Tony into the lion’s  den and were probably laughing about it the entire time. The General scoffs and rolls his eyes. “We had a hunch, and it was on a need-to-know basis. You would have been distracted if we’d informed you. And yet, you still managed to fuck things up, Stark.”
Steve’s rolling up his own left sleeve, and right where pale, unblemished, Irish skin used to be, were neat, swooping letters in the name
Barnes asking to speak to Tony, to send him some kind of message and Rogers adamant that it would be fruitless. Unfortunately for Steve, Bucky was just as stubborn and stupid as he is. Any chance he got, he pestered. Any opportunity to ask and bother the other super soldier, he would absolutely take. Even Shuri and Sam were over his constant badgering. Well? It’s not like Bucky had anything better to do when he wasn’t wasting time amongst the little goat herd around his hut. And as nice as it was to finally have some quiet, this whole, down-time thing wasn’t going to work forever.
Tony noticed small things at first. Sounds like knocking on the ceiling, sometimes louder than others. He’d just figured it was usual shop business, walking around or whatever the hell went on up there. Nothing out of the ordinary.
Captain!
Right now, it was easier to just focus on the problem at hand: Bucky was missing memories of Siberia and Tony could be the one to help him get them back.
Immediately the blonde’s face became a mirror image of what he was sure his looked like, a large, tattooed hand coming up to rub at the back of the soldier’s neck.
Bucky offered a shy smile, tested the name on his tongue. “Tony, then.”
They’d stripped him of his right to fight. They’d kept any news that might have even hinted at the Rogues pretty much at completely under wraps. Too bad Tony was good at snooping on his own. Besides, what else was he supposed to do with all the newly found free time he had between schmoozing with whomever the Council currently had their claws in? They certainly shouldn’t have made them mistake in thinking that Ross could keep Tony out of trouble. Hacking into the WSC’s files was a walk in the park and thanks to FRIDAY and his own sleuthing, Tony had been keeping his own tabs on the old team.
“Probably a little different from yours. Grew up in Brooklyn—“ here, Steve over pronounced his accent, taking note of the red in Tony’s cheeks, “—and did the whole army thing right outta school. Did a few tours. Came back. Couldn’t sit still long enough to get a degree, so I did some freelance investigator stuff. Guess I did alright, considering I’m here now…”
[Capsicle, 11:40 Pm]
Steve cursed, the words beginning to repeat as he pumped into the other. Once the initial shock was over, he reached around Tony’s waist, hand wrapping around his heavy cock and stroking in time.
Tony hardly heard what she was spewing at him, more preoccupied by the police officer and the— hold the phone, “Uh-oh, hottie alert.” Tony grinned, amber eyes pinned on the blonde man behind the silly cop standing at the front of the door. Well. This just got
Oh god, he was gawking,
Tony Stark, unreasonable? Pfft.
“I don’t know, you seemed to be pretty pleased with it earlier,” Steve retorted, rolling his eyes and scanning the area for—yep, there it was. Grabbing the bottle of lube off the bedside table and shaking out the liquid onto his hand, Steve exhaled slowly while slicking himself up.
It didn’t take long for him to get a read on the entire family. All rich, all famous, all varying levels of prickish behavior. Well, except for the nurse—what was his name, Clint? He seemed to be a decent person, eyes red and puffy from crying but still trying to be as helpful as possible while the rest of the family ran around with whatever drama was going on that moment. Rogers immediately noticed something was off.
Why does doing the wrong thing always feel so good?
“Tony, you dick, you missed the funeral!” An angry Natasha huffed into the cold, a puff of steam blowing through her lips as she spoke. She could hear everyone else follow behind her as she stalked up to her cousin, eyes flaring and gloved hands clenched into fists.
single, something that was not good for his stupid, pointless bourgeoning crush.
“As much as I am all for being spread out across the board room table,” Stark wets his lips and Steve’s eyes darken just a fraction, “it was just a question, Rogers.” Tony feigns aloofness. Sure, he’s admired the other man from afar, but he never actually thought Steve was interested in the goods and well… it caught him a little off kilter. He needed time to process this new information and right now, while he’s like two point five seconds away from possibly revisiting his dinner from last night, was definitely
. No, nothing like that.”
Since Siberia? But that was almost two years ago according to Steve and Shuri. That couldn’t be right. Why would he be away from Tony for so long? Well, cryo aside. “Since Siberia…? Tony’s my—
“You’re on Rogers.”
"Jes suis desole."  "I'm sorry."
Rogers is rounding the corner when the secure phone Shuri gave the team vibrates in his pocket. Good, looks like they pinged the location.
“It’s in the back room! And usually after hours! It’s not like it’s going on all day long.”
“Nice doorbell you got there,” Steve warily remarked, eyes instinctively scanning the area. Floor to ceiling windows, open areas, minimalist furniture. Wide and open and almost ironic for someone who was definitely hiding his fair share of secrets.
“Listen, this is the only lead we’ve had on Batroc for months, so I’m going to need you and
“You shall.” Tony answers the AI absently.
Tony had tracked them to the airport in Germany, trying to talk some sense into Rogers, to turn himself and Barnes in. Of course, he’d already known how that was going to go. The fight broke out, Barnes and Rogers just slipping out of his grasp. It wasn’t supposed to go this way. They weren’t supposed to be in this situation. And then Rhodey was shot out of the sky and Tony’s heart nearly broke in half right then and there. Rhodey,
Rogers was up there crooning to the fucking
wasn’t it?”
When Rogers hit him back with his own itching powder (seriously, unoriginal), Tony got him back by saran-wrapping the man’s entire car. With about twenty rolls of the stuff.  Rhodey definitely gave him an earful for that one.
What did I do this time?”
Tony was tired. God, so fucking tired.
“Steve?” Tony blurted intelligently.
Also… You didn’t answer my question and I’m kinda betting money on it so?
Bucky planted a sweet kiss on the blonde, smoothing his thumb over the smattering of freckles on Steve’s cheek. “Yeah, but when are we ever filled with great ones?”
“These are from Barnes?” Tony asked slowly, brow furrowing in confusion. But Bucky and Sam were an item, so— Tony spotted the bright red sticky note smooshed between layers of plastic, a much messier scrawl this time.
God damn it.
Tony’s stunned silent once again, something that only Rogers was ever good at doing.
[Capsicle, 11:17 Pm]
Tony shrugged as he leads the way inside. “Yeah, but where would be the fun in that?”
“Why weren’t you at the funeral?” He asked skeptically, settling on doing something actually useful. Sure, he doubted Tony would answer, but on the off chance, he wanted to try.
Tony glares at the little flip phone like he expected it to go off at any second, but with its previous track record of almost two years silence, he seriously doubts it. He tilts his head back, praying to Tesla and Einstein to keep these frequent migraines away so he could focus on updating his suits without his head feeling like a beating heart. Just a few more things an—
of you, but you did say you weren’t a cop.”
“So… I’m assuming he’s working or busy with business? That’s why he wasn’t here when I woke up.”
The genius was surprised when he saw the large figure of the Captain looming beneath his awning. What the hell was he doing here? Was he holding— “Rogers?”
Jesus Christ on a cracker. Steve had swooped in and laid it on him like he fucking owned the place, but like hell was Tony going to complain about it. Despite the other moving in on him, it had caught him quite off guard. He’d been expecting something sweet and chaste, very old fashioned like the ‘man out of time’ himself, but it had been anything but. Tony wasn’t even upset about the fact that his body had basically betrayed him and gone slack under Steve’s onslaught. By the time Cap pulls away, they’re both panting slightly and that pretty blue is nearly consumed by black. Oh yeah, he needs to go now before he just says, ‘fuck it’ and drops to his knees right here.
“Well look who showed up bright and early!”
You knew there was a possibility I would run into my old team and you didn’t say anything at all? That’s why you were so hellbent on sending
“We were out having a few drinks and I asked you a question.” Tony waves one hand in dismissive motion.  “Which by the way, you still haven’t answered.” Not that he actually expected Cap to, but he still liked to poke fun at him.
God, this was so fucked up. But it was so, so fucking good.
Barnes takes stock of the room once more as the mist begins to settle, and that’s when he realizes—
“I already know what you want, and the answer is no. As if I would give up the opportunity to watch you squirm.”
“Tony, please.” Stark interrupted, if only to watch the way Steve’s stupid, marble sculpted jaw flexes.
Oh well. Tony wasn’t a snot-nosed little kid anymore, he was a consenting adult and he could intimi-flirt with whoever he wanted to. And Steve Rogers was definitely on his list now. The genius was definitely going to look him up the moment those two bozos took the next person in for whatever lame interrogation they had planned.
“What’s your story then, Einstein? Wait, let me guess.” A large hand pressed itself against his forehead in the same way Tony had joked earlier to avoid questioning. “You’re too distraught for that, too?”
. It had definitely been enough to throw him off kilter even while the Winter Soldier had been out to play.
century. He’s still a few blocks out of the way, but at the very least he has a destination now. The Ex-Captain has to keep reminding himself that this was a recon mission only. He couldn’t afford to confront Batroc on his own and lose him again. Of course, there weren’t distractions of other mission objectives or other teammates this time either but, he’d promised the others that he wouldn’t make a move. It was still up in the air if he were being honest.
“Just
And it just gets worse.
Rhodes was eloquent and polite as always, taking Natasha’s hand in a gentle squeeze as he greeted her.
“I’m assuming you came in through the backdoor this morning. This,” he gestured to himself, “was left at the front, I’m guessing for you. So… I’m gonna go ahead and say that at least one of them knows what your lust fueled, passive-aggressive gifting spree is about.”
Steve reaches for Tony’s shoulder but the older man swats it away. “Don’t. Just—this was a mistake.”
Steve is clearly holding something back, and Bucky’s got a hunch. “You’ve seen him. After Siberia. You’ve seen Sta—Tony. What happened? Did you at least apologize or somethin’?”
“I— yeah. Suppose I did.”
Right then was probably not a good time to dwell on his love for uniformed men and women. Nope. Definitely not.
The brunette soldier frowned. Why was he asking that? Had something happened? Shuri had cleared him just to be sure. Bucky scrounged through his memory for anything that particularly stood out. Zemo had forced Winter out. Then meeting Stark happened and then… the airport and finally, he and Steve had gone to Siberia to catch Zemo. And Iron Man had shown up, in rather decent spirits.
“Whoa,” Tony says. “Cool it, ’kay? We had it under control. School’s important. You can’t just skip class because a foreign dignitary’s pitching a fit.”
as in the people Steve has considers his; Steve collects followers and devotees everywhere he goes, but he trusts only a few people.) He remembers Peggy being around the first ten or so years of his life, how strong and sweet and patient she had been. He grew up seeing the reels and hearing the accounts of Barnes, too—how he was efficient, easy, and protective. Steve even managed to inspire some kind of longstanding loyalty in Howard who, for all his flaws in the fatherhood department, was still a good person who dedicated his life to protecting people and making discoveries. Sam is genuine and wickedly smart and sharply sarcastic and takes things at face value. Tony likes him, even though he didn’t know him well before the whole mess with the Accords. He thinks he might be grateful for that, actually. One less betrayal. All he sees when he looks at Sam is a good man who had some serious reservations about handing over his professional autonomy and who’s a good friend, if a little misguided.
“Oh,” Tony says again.
“Hey, Tony,” she says. Her eyes flicker to his phone briefly. “You okay?”
“How—” Pepper’s saying quietly, voice cracking, and Steve
“Hey, Winghead,” he says softly. “Remember what happened?”
The table quiets and tension descends like a curtain upon the meeting. Tony wants to roll his eyes but that sounds like the thing that’ll get him picked up by the throat.
Tony gives in eventually, turns to face Steve, and Steve meets his eyes instantly.
“Next version? Next version should be able to go through airport security in under three hours,” Rhodey says. The elevator doors close behind them, and Tony plants his feet, pushes the button, and takes a little more of Rhodey’s weight when the elevator starts upwards.
“C’mon,” Steve said, and Tony leaned into his touch.
Natasha chooses that moment to turn on her own comm. There’s a slight
“Well,” Tony says, “I’m pretty sure we went to bed before the sun’d even set last night, so—”
“Make up your mind, Stark,” Tony says to the empty room. “You told him to, you
There’s something approaching guilt that pulls in the pit of his stomach. A twinge that reignites the spark of ever-present anger, refreshingly aimed at Steve more than himself.
“No, but I made Sam listen to me practice,” he says, and it’s Tony’s turn to bark out a laugh, abrupt but no less genuine than Steve’s.
“Are you okay?” Steve asks. Tony snorts and Steve says, “I’m serious.” His fingers aren’t holding Tony in place; Steve’s palm is still open, lingering lightly against Tony’s shoulder and it makes Tony focus in because Steve
But whatever. When has his anxiety ever given a shit about who he is? It’s a little insulting, if you ask him.
“Yeah, yeah,” Sam says, “I can float it at least, but no guarantees.”
“What else can I do?” Steve asked, voice rumbling all around Tony, breath ghosting over the top of his hood, sound close to his ear. It was easier to focus on the one thing when it took up all of the sensory space. Tony was grateful.
The only response is a shriek and a swish of the tail.
“That asshole!” Tony says. “I’ve been looking for the ‘green in the blue’ of your eyes for months now. Jesus Christ,” Tony leans in again, just to confirm. “He was just being
“Would you like to discuss this privately?” Bruce asks. Pepper’s shoulders rise and fall hard in a deep, shuddery breath. When she speaks, though, her voice is considerably more composed.
“Cool,” Peter says faintly, looking uneasy with all the eyes in the room on him, however short-lived the attention is.
It’s fascinating, watching Steve accept Tony’s words as his new reality.
“Breakfast?” Clint laughs and holds out his box of cereal, gives it a good shake. “It’s only breakfast if you eat something.”
Tony nods, and she leaves. Steve fell asleep the second he was stationary, and the doctor who settled them said that it was fine, not a danger at all, so Tony’s going to let him. This is certainly better than the hazy pain he was in while awake. So he settles into a plastic chair, texts the rest of the team to let them know which hospital they’re at, and watches to make sure Steve’s breathing evenly, wondering what the hell he would do if the breaths stopped.
“I guess,” Rhodey says. “Look, at least he gave himself an out this time, an out with a viable probability of success.”
He pushes down the feeling of unfairness that tries making its way up his throat. It’s not fair, or right. Bucky didn’t do those things, he didn’t kill Howard and his innocent wife, and it’s a special kind of torture that they could make his body do it and make him remember, when he held no intention or will to do it himself.
Steve just waits him out, and Tony swallows.
“Vision, Maximoff,” Steve says, “after you’ve gotten all the intel you can, start sweeping buildings, top to bottom. Sam, Tony, and Clint will give you the locations of any civilians they see.”
“We get enough of this shit as it is,” Sam says, pointing at the screen the same way Howard used to point at the girls Tony brought home as a teenager.
People started filing in then, quietly, like they were afraid to spook him, and Tony realized two things with a jolt: 1) this was the most vulnerable he’d been around the Avengers in a while, definitely since they regrouped from the civil war, and 2) he was embarrassed, bordering on humiliated, and it was lurking just under the surface, getting closer now that he was pretty sure he wasn’t going to die in the immediate future. Oh well, he told himself sternly. Shy wasn’t a good look on him.
“Should I call medical?” Vision asks.
“Thanks, Winghead.”
Rhodey gets his arms around her first but then they’re both going down and Steve has to dive to grab onto both of them. He slows their descent to the floor, but that’s where they end up anyway. Steve’s hip protests loudly and Rhodey grunts. Bucky stays where he is.
“Buck, what the hell are you doin’?”
Jesus, Tony had dreamt about his voice for months on end.
Oh, Steve was so in over his head. As a 33-year-old, it wasn’t exactly like he was real spry anymore. And Tony—Jesus, the guy was a tan Adonis, witty and smart as hell and chomping at the bits to wrestle him into bed. It didn’t really make sense, but if large ex-soldier-turned-detectives were what did it for Stark, he was by no means going to complain.
Bucky gives him a solemn nod and steels himself for whatever is coming next.
“Nice goin’, punk. He was actually talking to me.”
in that way!”
in what looked like bread flour. Stark nearly toppled over with laughter.
Despite the relatively large crowd, they were still missing a key character. This wasn’t everyone. A quiet, Brooklyn-accented voice murmured the observation to Sam, nodding when the police detective confirmed his suspicion.
“And to think it took all that time to find them and it was wasted on you making goo-goo eyes at’em.” Ross mutters beneath his breath.
more interesting. He pulled off his sunglasses, stuffing them into his coat pocket as he deliberately ignored “Officer Not-Hottie” and bumped right past the tall drink of water on his way inside.
There was another item rattling around in the small package. A little black flip phone, a burner. Tony flipped the ancient device open and sure enough, there was only one contact in there. Tony pockets the phone before he makes any stupid decisions. Like calling Rogers and really giving him a piece of his mind.
[Tony Stark, 11:13 Pm]
Bucky’s not so sure about all that, considering Tony basically answered to the Government now but… he sure hoped it was true.
Kinky.
Rogers, to his credit, looked like a deer caught in the headlights as he and Tony stared each other down. Pepper’s girlfriend was friends with
Rogers is holding up his shield, a position Tony’s seen him make plenty of times. The Winter Soldier is by his side, gun trained on Tony’s hot rod red armor.
Oh no.
Tony didn’t answer, fingers twisting the volume knob to the radio upward.
That was the new title the Council had assigned him. Back to square one. A probationary period, so that he could, in their words,  ‘
Tony’s smaller form slowly crowded the other against the door of the car. After all, he wasn’t going to pass up a romp with Detective Hottie, not if he could help it. His home was only half an hour down the road and well, he’d taken care of everything that needed it. All files and important personal items were locked in the safe.
. A truly interesting turn of events, considering when he’d discovered his soulmate, Winter had been trying to put new holes in’em.
Scarred fingers flex in the sheets like Tony’s life depends on it as Steve is sliding home. And when he hits Tony’s prostate for the first time, the younger man jerks and his back bows almost painfully.
Okay, Tony was clearly not ready to have that conversation.
He watched Rogers get a nervous look about him; Steve was obviously hiding something. Something that had to do with Tony, no doubt. What exactly was he missing from his memories? Had something happened?
would you like to come inside?”
Tony only bounced his eyes suggestively at the insult, practically laughing his way out the door.
Bucky’d been settling back into his (and Steve’s) room, the blonde hovering somewhat in the background when his eyes had found it.
Rhodey, had gotten hurt, seriously so, because Rogers was too busy chasing after his old war buddy. His old— Tony didn’t need to name it, he already knew.
“Mhm, you betcha.”
It wasn’t fucking fair.
“All of my designs are one of a kind, so you can see why I value my privacy. Justin Hammer from Hammer Industries, has been quite literally trying to get up my ass for a joint partnership but not even I could save his shit company. Though I guess I can’t blame him, it is a pretty nice ass.” Tony snarked, his little bark of laughter causing the other to roll his eyes.
The tick in Steve’s jaw made a small appearance as it clenched tightly, lips stretched into a thin line as he was unmasked. In front of him, Stark stood, a vicious smirk on his face, one hand on his hip as the other slashed through the air in the general vicinity of the detective.
Just when he wanted to make his great escape, his cousin just had to drop a challenge in his lap.
“Then get him here.”
“Tony?”
Tony crossed his arms, leaning back in the plush seat. He wouldn’t be the losing one here. Not a chance. He’s immediately smacked on the arm and before he could make a biting comment, his surrogate dad was crowding behind the chair. Strange was looking at him with that exasperated, fatherly look that always makes Tony feel guilty somehow.
The thing with soul marks was… no one knew exactly how they worked. Some people claimed it was by touch (which Tony had
—entitled
“For the record, this is a terrible idea.”
“Don’t mind him. He only misbehaves when I’m not around.”
Thanks to the lovely and talented himboplantdad for being my ever loyal and patient beta. I’ll love you forever.
“God, fine. Fine.
“You uh, wanna tell me what last night was about?” Steve questions, perfect brow arching speculatively. He knew Tony had been drunk, there was no surprise there, but Tony had never reached out to him. What had even prompted the topic of Steve’s sexual life?
and sure that you want this. Why don’t you stay the night? Its not your penthouse by any means but… if you’re still up for it, we can definitely work up an appetite in the morning.”
The other brunette warily nods in his direction, those dark eyes flicking to meet Steve’s deep blue. A silent question. Tony watches Steve’s jaw work for a moment before those piercing eyes are locking back onto him. Oh joy, Tony had a feeling whatever this was, he wasn’t going to like it.
Hey quick question, are you a top or a bottom? Asking for a friend.
Stark’s eyes never left the blonde’s ridiculous baby blues as Detective Wilson made introductions again, aware that the dark skinned man was glaring daggers at him. Yay. This was definitely going to be fun. All Tony had to do was show up and stir the pot just a tiny bit. He hadn’t even truly gotten started.
[Tony Stark, 2:35 Am]
The genius’ gorgeous eyes examine him for a few silent seconds. It’s honestly a little unsettling having the man’s focused attention. And then Tony goes and surprises Bucky by asking why he wanted the memories back, especially considering they were not pleasant ones.
“Oh I like him,” Peter offered, playfully sneering at Tony as he spoke. Natasha nudged him to be quiet, mumbling something about this not being the time to get competitive.
“Well, I dunno so much about kumbaya but I do know Tony’s quite the singer.” The glare Bucky throws his way is definitely worth it.
Today’s little slice of life included being chewed out by Thaddeus Ross, joy. Tony’s barely pays him any attention normally, but Stark hasn’t had a decent night’s rest in over 56 hours and it’s beginning to catch up with him. Ross’ voice seems to drift in and out, too loud, and too soft all at the same time. Never mind what actual words he was saying.
A strong arm placed itself on Stark’s freckled back, lifting the both of them up and turning Tony to face away from Steve. As he pulled back to change positions, between dark lashes and the blonde locks of hair falling into his face, Steve could see Tony: hair spiked and messy from fingers being run through it, bruises slowly starting to form along his neckline, lips bitten and swollen, chest heaving as he panted for air, and eyes so dark they were basically black.
Ross’ gruff voice grouches through the speaker.
Jesus, why did Steve have to sound so earnest?
Out of all the stupid ideas he’s had, this was definitely turning out to be a favorite. It was clear that Tony couldn’t decide between dropping to his knees or keeping that playful pout on him. Nothing wrong with making that decision for him, right?
thinks they have.
Huffing out a breath of laughter at that ridiculously obvious glance over from Tony, Rogers continued. “And ‘the prick’ is the one asking questions here, Anthony.” A surprised laugh slipped out of one of the younger kids — Peter — at the retort, crossing his arms in glee.
He needs to focus. Finding this hotel just by memorizing what the front looks like is going to be a little tricky but, was it really any fun if there wasn’t a challenge? It’s late in the afternoon, around four or so, and the streets are bustling with people. It will be easy to blend into the crowd. Rogers adjusts his dark denim jacket and sets in the general direction Natasha had pointed him to. This shouldn’t be all that difficult. The hotel looked big and fancy, probably a hot spot for tourists. An older building near the center of the city. Location alone narrowed the list down to just two possible candidates, at least according to Nat.
They were doing the thing again, those cornflower blues that have no business being as pretty as they are. To Rogers’ left, Barnes cleared his throat loudly.
“No way, you’re bullshitting me.”
“Tony what—what are you doing here?”
He’d just placed the tube between his lips when he heard the door to the den opening behind him. “Don’t worry dad, I’ll be right back.” Tony calls out without looking back. He’s struggling with his lighter when the accented voice behind him startles him a little.
Ross made a point of waiting until Tony was finished with the his debrief and reports before calling him into his office. This should go over well…
Alright… so, yeah, Tony might have been just a
was this happening? It was weird enough when Steve’s name appeared on Tony, but this? Tony hadn’t even ever met Barnes before trying to apprehend him. What the fuck did he do to deserve this cosmic joke?
want to talk to me. The mission is over, we failed. Batroc got away, so there’s no reason we need to see each other anymore. So, scram, before I have to arrest you.”
“You uh, want me to get that for you or--?”
The soldier just wanted Stark to hear him out; to give him a chance to say his piece and decide from there. He wasn’t asking for anything beyond a chance to heard. Bucky knew he didn’t deserve it; Tony had every right to be angry and upset with him. He wouldn’t ask for forgiveness, though he truly craved it from one of the two people who should matter most to him. Bucky would give Tony all the time and space he needed. There was a metric-fuck ton of shit to unpack between the three of them, but Bucky hoped that clearing the air could bring them closer together; they are soulmates after all.
Things kind of, maybe sort of, escalated just a teensy bit from then on. Tony was definitely not all consumed with creating overtly passive-aggressive bouquets and arrangements and leaving them at the tattoo shops front door for the two boneheads to discover. Definitely not. He had a business to run after all, he definitely didn’t have time to be petty.
“You’ve got quite the set on you, considering this has the WSC and Interpol written all over it.”
Steve’s brows pinch in amused concern as he comes over and pressed a kiss to the brunette’s forehead. The echoed words weren’t lost on him at all.
Day Three brought Rogers to his doorstep.
me, Rhodey. I’m fine. It’s going to be fine. I just wanted to update you so you wouldn’t be up waiting for me, platypus.”
Right behind Pep’s mystery woman was Steve-
when he was near his soulmate. Tony had felt like it had nearly withered completely in the time of their separation. Was that a normal thing? Did… Did Barnes feel the same way about him?
The captain wets his lips and nods, thumb tracing Tony’s bottom lip for a brief second before the other pulls away. Blue eyes track the back of Stark as he disappears into the adjacent bathroom and Steve’s practically thrumming with excitement. That was definitely a yes right? The fact that Tony hadn’t just outright laughed or scoffed at him and pulled away? He doesn’t want to jump the gun, but he’s really hoping he’s right. His eyes find the other male’s form in the doorway, Tony’s eyes trained right back on him.
He really had no idea what he was getting himself into. What exactly was Barnes’ state of mind right now? Rogers had said something about a memory lapse, but what exactly was Rogers thinking Tony could do to help?
“I’m in no state for questioning. I’m grieving. Absolutely distraught.” The younger man winked at Steve, who, annoyingly, had yet to speak to him at all. “Unless big, blonde and broody here wants to give me a uh,
“Are you ever going to actually say my name?”
“No. It doesn’t mean anything, so if you please, I’d like to stay on the subject at hand.”
Again, all mistakes are my own, no beta.
Steve approaches his second in command, hands in his pockets. Tony looks like shit and Steve feels stupid for thinking its attractive. What was wrong with him? Last night had brought up things that the blonde had really been trying to simply push away.
Tony wasn’t sure if it was all the bourbon he’d put down or if he’d been reading it wrong but… he was pretty sure that Bucky and Sam had been making goo-goo eyes at each other whenever they thought no one was looking.
The captain settles the shield on his back before sighing softly. “Look Tony, there’s something else, uh, going on here. It happened back in Germany, but everyone was a little busy at the time.” The blonde chances a glance at this partner(?) again, Barnes nodding once.
Bucky’s single flesh hand started sweating as those big, melted-chocolate eyes slowly considered him.
Holy baby Jesus on a cracker, that was a whole other mess that he didn’t know what to do with.
team to pack it up. It’s official business and I can’t have you guys mucking it up.”
The hall was spectacular, as always, filled with all kinds of high-ranking brass and their spouses and dates. Tony was already eyeing the bar at the far side of the dance floor when the sharp pain of Pepper’s fingers twisting his side immediately derailed him.
There’s only one reason he would be reaching for his arm and Tony refuses to believe it. There is no way in hell—
up to you, Thaddeus. It’s up to the Council. Rogers wasn’t my assigned mission that day. Hell, you think that I was expecting to see him there?”
“Tony. Gettin’ unfrozen seems like a good reason your soulmate should be sittin’ next to ya.”
Imagine that? Tony’d been trying to wrestle the gun out of Winter’s hand, that (awesome) gauntlet the only reason the Iron Avenger hadn’t gotten his hand (and face) blown off. There’d been a slip of both their hands, skin contact that neither of them had seen coming and then that—
This time, Steve looks up, brows furrowed slightly. So last night had definitely been a good call after all. “Well… you told me I wasn’t being fair since I ‘left you hanging’ and well, one thing led to another and you showed up on my doorstep.” He can practically see the way that Tony’s mind is working a thousand miles a minute, trying to glue the events of last night together.
As much as I’d rather not have to deal with you, this looks like our only shot. I can have FRIDAY give us the room number where he’s staying but it looks like your recon mission just became an acquisition one.”
Under normal circumstances, Tony would have been only mildly inconvenienced by the new development but nothing about this was normal. For one, Tony had quite frankly idolized Captain America as a child and young teen. As he grew older and more aware of the language that Howard chose to use, he grew to loath the star-spangled-man-with-the-plan. Howard had nearly driven himself mad with looking for the Captain, especially after fishing out the Tesseract. God, Tony hated him.
Ah, the family was all here after all. This was going to be great. Tony cut the engine, lips curling into an annoyed snarl as the dogs absolutely lost their shit when he exited the car. He practically growled at them himself, all too aware of someone headed for him.
Tony can’t help but snort. How soulmate didn’t even miss a beat.
“I didn’t think it was that obvious,” Steve scoffed, fingers pressing against the bridge of his nose to hide his surprise. How was this guy doing that? Had to be the AI, right?
Tony went on the defensive before he could stop himself. “I most certainly do not.” He tightened the bow on the final arrangement with a little too much force. “And even if I did… I mean, you’ve seen what he looks like, who wouldn’t wanna climb that like a tree.”
? Bucky, that’s just not—I don’t think that’s such a good idea.”
Those whiskey-colored eyes go hard and just over his shoulder, and Barnes knows that whatever little moment they’d been sharing was over.
Tony stands (much too quickly for someone who’s as hungover as he is) and Rogers moves towards him, nearly stopping chest to chest with the inventor. And for a long moment they simply stare. Stark searching for… something, and Steve searching for any resistance. Of course, Tony is the first one to speak.
The last place FRIDAY had tracked information on the Rogues was somewhere southeast of Sudan and then he’d completely lost the trail. That only raised more questions for the mechanic, some he thinks he may have answers to. Clearly the team was receiving help from somewhere, Rogers had looked much too cleaned up and well put-together for them to be squatting in whichever place they deemed a good hide out. Not to mention, from reports of failed missions to trap the team, they had a bird that STRIKE couldn’t identify as anything made by Stark or any other name here stateside.
Rogers hesitates for just a beat too long. “I didn’t know it was him.”
Howard and Maria Stark. Bucky remembered that painfully clear.
Tony huffed petulantly as he (carefully) stuffed another bunch of Rue into the arrangement in front of him. A noise complaint.
” he growled back, tilting his neck upward to expose his throat for the other. The blonde could feel his pants being fumbled with, and his eyes fluttered shut as rough fingers dipped below his waistline.
The Avenger acknowledges T’Challa first, then thanked Okoye and Ayo and turned to Natasha next. There was tension of some kind, and it only mounted when he turned towards Steve and Sam, who he barely acknowledged.
“Assuming that you all are where I think you are, if
“Don’t disappoint me now. I thought you said you had your own set? Well, it doesn't matter. We can use Officer Wilson’s just fine— hey, you— what?”
, he’s stunned silent. He’s sure he must be quite the picture; mouth like a gaping fish and eyes wide behind his glasses. Did Cap seriously just-? “Did you just
The shorter brunette hummed in acknowledgment. Bucky watched as Tony smoothed a hand down his tie, nearly able to see the cogs in his head turning.
And of course, that’s when his phone fucking starts ringing on the nightstand. He watches Steve’s gaze flick towards the screen and wince.
“Tony. Hi.” Rogers thrusted the slightly wilting, saran-wrapped bouquet at the brunette. “Buck said to give these to you. He said you would know what they mean, because honestly, I have no idea what the hell is going on here.”
Dark brows furrowed, Bucky’s slate-blue gaze traveling to Steve for a moment.
“Internet. Come on, it’s just a harmless little prank. Or did you already forget about the flour incident?”
“You sure about that? Because I will take you home with me. And we won’t be back anytime soon.” Stark rolled his bottom lip between his teeth, watching the other as his baby blues tracked the movement.
“Rain check. Yup.” Tony repeats stupidly, earning a chuckle from Steve and a peck, this one much closer to the one he’d been expecting.
Barnes couldn’t help but flex his left arm, watching the way the vibranium platelets moved almost seamlessly. Okay, so, maybe he was preening a teensy bit.
you are, and two, can just waltz right in, all willy-nilly. I don’t even know what this is about, Steve. The last time we spoke was a half a year ago.”
he thought to himself, lips twitching in anticipation at the thought.
Stark’s mouth recovered near instantly and the brunette went for an eloquent, “what was that about my prick?”
Okay. Maybe, and that was a big ass maybe, Tony’s music was a little loud. Maybe. But
, wait a minute,” Peter gasped, standing up from his place leaning against the window. He nudged Clint, who was standing beside him, and shoved his phone in his pocket.
“As a reminder, the medical examiner hadn’t determined it to be a suicide yet,” Steve settled on, fishing a cigarette and lighter out of his pocket. A questioning glance and a nod from Bruce later, there was a small flicker of flame and a puff of smoke leaving the blonde’s lips.
The genius shot his younger cousin a sharp glare and gave Natasha the bird when her cold eyes turned on him. Jeez, what the hell had he ever done to her? The old geezers he could understand but Tasha and Peter?
All this time, he hadn’t known the truth.
Somewhere behind Rogers, a small, old monitor clicks on. The image appears to be some sort of security footage. Steve wanders over to it, Tony following closely behind. Wait a minute…
Glancing around the house, the blonde didn’t mind all too much that he was making it clear he was prying. Books lined the shelves on the wall, mostly on technology and physics. There was a safe by the fireplace, locked and recently used, judging from the way it was slightly askance from the dust line. His line of sight was distracted at the sight of the bedroom and Steve cleared his throat as Tony wandered that way. Of course he was gonna follow.
The blonde took the tray of drinks on his own, Tony too stunned to protest. What—what just happened? Where had that come from?
The fight was— Catastrophic. There was no other word for it.
Was it actually a huge deal? Well… no. Maybe not. Tony could have possibly been persuaded to turn his music down a bit. Maybe. Truthfully, he probably could have been persuaded into doing much more unspeakable things, when that gorgeous tattoo covered, hulking blonde and his brooding, brunette partner (boyfriend?) had shown up at his door, far too attractive for Tony’s poor heart. They’d introduced themselves, warm and friendly. Had to be Brooklynites if the accents were anything to go off of. Tony had been… far, far too interested.
As if responding to the musical question, Sam pursed his lips and sighed. Looking over at Pepper, he raised a brow and ignored the question shot Steve’s way. “And why, exactly, did Tony storm out of the house?” If there was a fight, they were all going to need to know about it—and somehow, manage to wrangle the kid into the house while they were at it.
Slipping large hands into his pockets, the blonde detective nodded to Sam, who cleared his throat.
The party all headed in the same direction and dread immediately settled in the pit of Tony’s stomach. How in the actual hell did Pepper expect him to behave all evening when he had to be surrounded by those two boneheads?
This time, Tony had hidden a little special something in the bouquet. Nothing harmful, probably annoying as hell, but after the flour incident, like hell was he going to sit around and do nothing. Unfortunately for him, Rhodey found him just as he was trying to slink back through the front door, a suspicious little package right in Tony’s clutches. The genius grinned guiltily and shoved his hand in his pocket.
this road. What is this?” Tony shouts out louder. His skin prickles with anxiety. Why would Zemo have something with the same date as the day of the accident?
Six months pass in a blur and much to Tony’s displeasure, Ross had gotten his way.
“Yeah, back atcha, wing-head.” (Why the hell did he say that?)
“Not good. Especially after he found out that I knew about it. That Nat and Sam knew too and we—
Steve sighs tiredly, “
A romantic meetup in France? Definitely not.
Rogers wasn’t even supposed to be alive anymore, but the Universe had decided that it would shove them together no matter what. Things had gone surprisingly well after that, and even if they didn’t behave like your typical soulmates or if they didn’t do a whole big celebration, it was still pretty nice.
Tony cried out, his fingers digging into the other’s thick shoulders as he fought not to arch his back, despite practically being shoved into the mattress.
On the other line, Rhodes sighs fondly.
Fast forward a bit, Tony’s bout with AIM happened, after coming to terms with his crippling anxiety. And Rogers had— well. Rogers had exposed HYDRA and discovered that his best buddy from way back when was alive. All while on the other side of the country. That had… complicated things quite a bit. Steve had a one-track mind the next time Tony saw him:
, Rogers. Fine. I don’t know how you think you’re going to get me away from Ross—“
Steely eyes narrow. God, he loved Steve, but the man could be an absolute idiot sometimes. “Steve, you’re his
“A second opinion on the proposed clean energy project on how to make it further accessible to the rest of the country.” One accented voice told Pepper, handing over a glossy dossier to the redhead.
Wanda and Bucky both appear at roughly the same time, just as Steve and Tony are debating whether or not they should be replenishing the stack of pancakes.
They’d worked for a couple hours more before Howard had sent Tony, yawning and clumsy fingered, up to bed with a bid not to tell Maria they’d stayed up so late. He’d smiled halfway as he’d said it, and Tony had grinned back conspiratorially, and negotiated successfully: his silence for a late-night Dr. Pepper.
“Nobody’s kicking you off the team, Wanda,” Steve says then, like he hadn’t offered to do just that. “Nobody wants that.”
“Yeah, I know, I know,” Peter says. There’s a brief silence then, the heavy kind, and Tony knows he can just wait it out. Peter’s like Tony was at his age, all movement and words and brilliance. The kind of energy that doesn’t mesh with quiet.
The ‘jet touches down on one of the skyscraper’s landing pads and the rest of the team starts making their way down to street level.
(See the end of the chapter for
He can’t hear anything from the suit, but FRIDAY says, “Done, Boss,” and he sags, like a puppet with his strings cut.
“Nothing too out there,” Natasha says, and Steve’s immensely glad he assigned her to Thor’s team. “Mutual protection from greater cosmic threats, no teaming up with anyone else against each other. That sort of thing.”
That feels like an invasion of privacy. Tony knows any messages were meant for him, but considering how desperate Steve seemed for a hot minute there, it doesn’t feel right to review the buildup.
“Sorry,” Tony said.
“Mm,” Bucky grunts after they’re gone. “G’night, traitor.”
Tony stands up, and his chair screeches again as it slides across the floor. He just barely manages to keep it from toppling over.
Clint holds up his coffee and his free hand in surrender, but there’s that smile on his face that means he’s going to do the exact opposite of what Tony says.
“That’s not quite the right term. More like…dead and gone,” Tony says. “I think we might be on our way to becoming friends again though. Y’know, someday. Eventually.”
lol hi remember me? yes, i am still writing this fic! it's been a wild few months, sorry about the disappearance and thank you for the continued support. i've got a couple more chapters written currently, and am going to be working on some more, too. hopefully there are still ppl interested in this after so long! i really am sorry, but i promise this fic is going to get finished if it's the last thing i do
my infinite gratitude goes out to
he also doesn’t say.
Tony’s not entirely sure and, to be perfectly honest, Bruce probably knows better at this point. But Bruce is pissed and so obviously above Tony and his petty grievances. (Bruce doesn’t have the whole story, Tony knows, or he’s just hurt by Tony’s involvement with Secretary Ross, and Bruce should be allowed to get emotional about things that hurt him, but damn if it doesn’t sting Tony too; he thought, out of all of them, that Bruce was really his friend.)
Tony’s mouth is open to say,
They seem frozen, and Tony feels another flash of the impossibility of the divide between them, the one he felt in Steve’s office. He tries to smile back at Steve, feeling dumb and unsure of literally everything. Steve’s smile doesn’t disappear, exactly, but his gaze flicks over Tony’s face, assessing, calculating, before he turns just long enough to shut off the lamp.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I have a headache,” he says, enunciating each word clearly. “I think I’ll live.” After a couple seconds he adds, “I could use some water, though.”
“Sergeant Barnes will be down momentarily,” FRIDAY informs him after a few more seconds. Tony nods to her and opens up three different holo-screens. One’s filled with Peter’s weekly hero-ing report, transcribed by FRIDAY from Happy’s voicemail; the next shows the projected diagnostic report from Extremis (he’ll have to do another sweep later to get actual numbers from the nanites, but he’s pretty sure he definitely shouldn’t be taking that heart medication anymore); the third screen shows Pepper’s SI business trip schedule, just in case Tony decides he really does need to run away again.
“She gave me ideas,” Tony says, declares, and Bruce buries his head in his arms on the counter with an appropriate level of suspicion and resignation, thank you, Bruce.
And there’s Bucky, right at Bruce's shoulder.
But, no. They’re supposed to be proving they’ve got a handle on the in-fighting. United front, and all that.
“Shh,” Steve says, hand landing on Tony’s head, combing through his hair. “She’ll hear you and you’ll end up drinking decaf for the next month.”
Tony grinds to a halt, grabs the mug between his palms, and looks down at it.
“We should be set for the weekend,” Tony says. He glances over to make sure Pete’s got his backpack, which looks like it’s bulging enough to have his weekend stuff with him.
“Anytime—”
“Hulk,” Bruce says. “Transport request. And a shirt.”
“That was…very longwinded,” Tony says, grin growing. “If I’d known I was gonna get a speech I would’ve pulled up a chair and made some popcorn. Did you practice that in front of the mirror?”
“Tony?” Steve says, taking a step closer. Just a small step as he tries to catch Tony’s eye, and Tony blinks, breaks the spell. The humming is still there, but it really is far away. “Hey, To—”
Tony rolls his eyes.
The man's smiling down at the arm, inspecting it more closely now, touching, checking the finger joints and the range of motion, looking pleased if a little tense.
“They’re live-streaming,” Clint says when all that comes over the line is harsh breathing for a few seconds too long.
He means for it to be teasing, but Tony just stares back at him grimly.
Rhodey nods, but he’s not looking at Steve. It’s more like he’s nodding to himself, over the entire situation. He does look at Steve then, and then at Bucky, fleetingly, before looking back at Steve, eyes narrowed. Steve clenches his jaw.
Steve and Rhodey both feel like coming home, but—it’s different. What he feels for Steve is obviously different than what he feels for Rhodey, but not just the same feelings of friendship to a different degree. Just—different feelings, altogether. Rhodey’s his brother, and they’ve fought side-by-side, and he’s unconditional, familial love, the kind he’s only ever really felt from his mom and the human Jarvis and his wife. Knowing Rhodey’s there is knowing he has someone no matter what, like knowing that at least someone will move hell or high water when he goes missing.
“Hm. You remember Steve, right, Spidey?”
“You know,” Steve says, and Tony can see him smiling out of the corner of his eye, “I’ve been trying to figure that out for years now. I think she knows I’m watching for it.”
Tony hums again, but tries for inquisitive this time.
comments, as always, are much appreciated, and here's my
Bruce doesn’t look surprised by the statement, and he doesn’t look any less angry either. Tony sighs tightly, up through his throat and out his nose, feeling like an agitated bull.
“—It was ridiculously early,” Tony insists. “It
(Tony can admit, though maybe only to himself, that he doesn’t want to screw up this conversation.)
Rhodey,” she says, sounding downright miserable.
“There are multiple super soldiers in this building,” Tony says, turning back to Steve. “And besides them, others with mega-metabolisms. Even the baseline humans here eat more than
from me?” Tony asks, showing his cards just that much more than he probably should, but this is Bruce.
He thinks it might be worrying. On the other hand, most people would throw their hands up and proclaim it a miracle, wouldn’t they? Tony snorts to himself and thinks it’s a little eerie, how loud the sudden sound is.
“Boss?” FRIDAY says. She’s got about as many trust issues as Tony himself, which is downright impressive, and he regrets it greatly. Where JARVIS was much more willing to listen to people Tony was close with—mostly Pepper and Rhodey, and even the other Avengers later on—he doesn’t know if FRIDAY will ever get to that point. Certainly not anytime soon.
of them, considering what Steve had told him.
, he’s mine. We’re all—” both vibranium and flesh hand gesticulated wildly, “each other’s something! And you just shoved him and everything else aside to come after me. Who wouldn’t be upset after something like that?  I need to talk to him. We need to set things right.”
Steve looks up, and Tony steps closer. He knocks twice on the countertop, right next to Steve’s hand. Steve looks devastatingly young and heartbroken like this, when they haven’t turned on all the kitchen lights, when neither of them know what to do or how to fix it.
“You know who really needs help? Precious little Bucky.”
The third step is praying he never has to use it but knowing he will.
“You should’ve seen him after Chicago,” Rhodey says after a few more seconds of silence. “Man was just about out of his mind with worry for you.”
(“Hey, Queens,” Steve greets. He holds out a hand and says, “Welcome to the compound.”
“I’m making waffles,” he declares. Sam whoops and Clint trudges into the kitchen like a man on a mission, mumbling about the army needed to feed a super soldier, Vision trailing in his wake.
Briefly, he considers bolting. It would be the easiest thing to do. But he promised he’d give it time, that he’d stick around and see what happens. Moreover, he doesn’t want to leave. Terrified as he is, he’s content in this moment; all his fear revolves around what might happen, or what Steve will do when he wakes.
Sam stands square to both of them, making it a triangle of people instead of the both of them staring at Tony.
Clint
If he makes it to five days in blackout mode, though, Steve might just break down the door.
“Iron Man,” Steve coughs and, oh yeah, Tony forgot to turn off his comm transmission. Steve can hear him singing. Steve’s squinting up at him now, and the building’s not even done falling on them.
“Captain?” Pete asks.
“You look like hell, man.”
“And Tony?” Steve said, pivoting in the doorway and leaning against the frame. Tony looked up, quirked an eyebrow. “Next time you’re feeling on edge and I demand you come upstairs for bonding time, just tell me, you stubborn fool.” But he was smiling, so Tony grinned too. The strange moment had passed and it didn’t bring the world crashing down around them. All it did was supercharge Steve’s words, his care, his teasing affection.
Tony’s never made out like
“I know I said I’d listen,” Steve says after a minute, “and I will. Whatever it is.”
“And what is the point, then?” Steve says, but he looks encouraged by Tony’s statement for some reason. Tony has no idea how Steve is interpreting his words, vague as they are.
“And, yeah, I’m willing to accept that the kind of person who’s doing that is maybe not in the best place emotionally, which all brings us very neatly back to my original question.”
“I would never,” Steve says.
Tony raises his eyebrows at both of them, but takes his mug and sits next to Scott at the island instead of bolting right away.
“Wait,” Tony tries to say, but his mouth is full of coffee, so it mostly comes out as grunt that means ‘I have something to say!’ And then, when he’s swallowed the coffee in his mouth, “Who’s Shuri?”
“Look, Tones,” he said and, hey, he must’ve gotten that from Rhodey. It was enough of a shock that it freed Tony’s brain up the smallest bit. He took a breath. “There ya go. Whatever it is you’re seeing—”
More of the infected human-alien hybrids start showing up after that. So much for protecting Wanda, Tony thinks.
“Hey, whoa-whoa-whoa,” Bruce is saying, reaching for Tony’s hand. “Tony, stop, don’t pull on that.”
“Get some sleep,” Sam says as the doors start sliding shut.
Pepper makes a choking noise, and Rhodey gets quiet and still.
“Eh.” Tony shrugs. “And you? Just…in the neighborhood?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh.”
“I’m—eh—excited isn’t the right word,” Sam says. “But I’m relieved we’re finally having a real meeting, if those notes say anything I think they do.”
Steve blinks.
“Yeah, okay,” Clint says. He runs a hand down his face. “Do you want me to go get someone?”
“Is that a
And then it’s gone, in a sweep of red, and that must’ve been Wanda, but it’s Sam who’s standing above them now, reaching down.
Round Table discussion is what they’re calling the setup of this meeting, and it is. Everyone’s sitting down at least, even Tony and Steve, who are stationed at opposite heads of the table.
“Tony,” Steve says, quite, soft.
He doesn’t apologize to Steve for not being able to trust him completely, but he shivers when Steve’s breath hits the back of his neck. He hopes it means something to Steve, because it feels significant to him. His back is fully exposed, and Steve’s fingertips are brushing just where the edge of the arc reactor would be if it still lived in Tony’s chest. It’s a promise and a reassurance.
“How about,” Tony says, “around the rim of the light fixture, backwards, standing on one hand.”
“You must be tired if you didn’t notice,” Tony continues, and wrinkles his nose for dramatic effect. He presses the pads of his fingers into Steve, just enough to really feel. Steve’s smile abruptly turns sweet.
Tony takes a moment to consider it, but really, he knows the answer. He’s not exceptional company right now, but having Steve here makes him feel less like he’s brooding and more like he really is just taking a minute.
“To help me?” Tony says. He has no idea what his voice is doing right now—if it’s incredulous, angry, quiet, amused. No idea. Any or all or none. He feels all of those things, he feels
“Steve doesn’t—” Tony starts to say, then stops. There isn’t a way to describe it without sounding petulant, that Steve doesn’t get attached like Tony does, that Steve has Bucky and doesn’t need anyone else, doesn’t care what anyone else feels or thinks.
To his extreme pleasure and pride, Steve’s already sitting up more fully, hands wrapped around the steaming ceramic in front of him. Tony normally wouldn’t give up the first cup of coffee willingly, let alone without a word, but he feels ridiculously good about this decision. He can wait a few more minutes for the brew to actually be done.
Part of Tony insists this is factual and that he was right to be mad. But, no. Right to be insecure, maybe, but Steve’s put a lot of work into reassuring him as well.
for the beta<3
“Uh-uh,” Tony says. “Shh.”
“I mean—I’m finally getting over all the, y’know—hurt and betrayal of having Captain America beat me into the ground and leave me for dead in Siberia, so—yeah, actually. Sue me. I’ll probably win. I have very good lawyers.”
His friend, he thinks hopefully as she smiles down at him.
“You look like someone’s dying, Tones,” he says, and Tony can’t quite remember the last time Clint called him by his name, let alone
“FRIDAY?” Tony whistles like he’s calling a dog. (The image is stuck with him now.) “Girlie, no sleepin’  on the job.”
Tony pretends to be busy getting out a pair of pajamas and lingers at his dresser, trying to guess how long it’ll take for Vision to float out the door.
“Me too,” Steve says, and Tony wants to cry.
“The situation was dire,” she says. “The boss’s condition was rapidly nearing the point of no return. As a last-ditch effort, a contingency was triggered and a version of the Extremis virus was injected.”
The door cracks open twenty-some minutes after Tony sent out the room number, and Clint slips in with a backpack and two Starbucks cups.
“Hey,” Steve said, and the shit actually looked slightly hurt. “I asked nicely.”
Tony gets up, clapping Thor on the shoulder as he moves away. He needs—air, or distance, or something.
“Thanks, Black Widow,” Steve says, all business. “When everybody’s on the ground, I want one of the flyers to get Hawkeye up nice and high. Iron Man and Falcon, I want you to make the perimeter as tight as you can, watch our six. Ant-Man, Black Widow, and myself with start taking these things out on the ground. Vision, I want you to incapacitate one long enough for the Scarlet Witch to get in its head. See if their fears can tell us anything about their weaknesses.”
he doesn’t say.
are watching this. No, Steve, don’t laugh, this is scientific sacrilege. That’s not how that works!”
“Tony,” Steve says again, his voice thick, “I’m so—”
“Captain Rogers—” the technician starts.
“Never stopped you before,” Clint says. Tony hums and takes a seat kitty-corner to Clint, lets the silence settle. Clint’s wearing jeans. Tony looks down and, yeah, he’s also got work boots on. Clint sees him looking and half-smiles.
The pot doesn’t explode for three and a half minutes, so he pours himself a cup, which he then carries to the dining table with a StarkPad.
Steve heaves a breath and makes his way through the lobby to the elevator.
Tony would flinch at how utterly fucking dumb that sounds out loud if he wasn’t so busy being breathless and terrified. To his dismay-slash-amusement, Steve snorts, honest-to-God snorts and pries Tony’s hand off his chest. But then he nudges Tony’s shoulder, enough to get him to turn back to the door and start walking back toward the stairs.
The look Steve gives him makes him want to take them back, stuff the words back down his throat where they’ve lived for years now.
There’s no need to hurry. He’s not on the clock with this project, it’s not designed to keep him or anyone else alive. It’s extraneous but the kind of task Howard would’ve called “good, honest work.” Tony really must be getting old because he enjoys the pace, finds it comforting.
“I mean that shit move from yesterday, diving into combat, alone,” Steve says, and he leaves some space between them, stopping and leaning his hip against a workbench.
Bruce blinks, pauses in his poking.
Besides, he doesn’t want to accidentally kill anyone. Even if they aren’t a lovey-dovey group of friends, he still needs to protect them, because that is how things are.
“Your two o’clock,” Clint says. Tony turns his head and sees the building. Not quite a skyscraper, but it’s a high rise and definitely has the best vantage point. Tony deposits Hawkeye and gets back to circling high. Sam steps off the back of the Quinjet finally and glides in a giant arc. He deploys Redwing, too, and the little bot takes off into the broken window of one of the closer buildings, probably checking for people.
“There’s always one,” Steve says mournfully. “First thing I learned coming out of the ice: people are willing to do incredibly stupid things to get a good video.”
“Their clothing seems to be close to the Latverian—”
Tony backs off from the fighting for a moment to catch his breath and take in the scene.
“Tony,” Natasha said, sounding almost panicked this time, “what’s wrong?”
In for a penny, Tony thinks. His eyes, impressive though they are now, still haven’t adjusted entirely to the darkness, but he inches his hand forward anyway until his fingertips land on Steve, lower than in his office, right between the gap between the halves of his ribcage. Steve stops breathing momentarily.
“We’re cooking for super-metabolisms,” Tony points out. “By the time we have enough food, someone’ll be awake to eat it.”
“Really?” he asks it. “This is how we’re going to deal with this?”
“No,” Tony says, “I need you to listen to what I say and then to think about it, and not just react right away.”
seem to regret it.)
“Hnnn,” Tony says. “I meant, do you want me to make enough coffee for you to have some?”
The doctor is swift about it. Tony nods and holds the cotton to the thin trickle of blood on his arm and exhales when he’s told to, and soon enough he’s free and in his own clothes again. It takes him a moment in the hallway to reorient himself in the compound. He basically picks a direction and starts walking. After turning a couple corners, he knows roughly where he is.
“Will that be all, Mr. Stark?”
He hates this—hates it with a passion. He doesn’t know how to react around people who are suffering when he can’t fix it. A wild fantasy comes to him, unbidden, of offering to pay the EMT’s student loans off, buy them a vacation home in Hawaii, anything they want if they could just get Steve to the hospital instantaneously, stop moving him around so much. Instead of doing any of that, he settles for telling Steve he’s going to be okay, that he’s not alone, and negotiating a tone that keeps his voice light and calm but leaves no room for argument as they slosh their way through the midafternoon traffic.
People nod and start shuffling around. Steve breathes, and Natasha brushes their shoulders together as she walks by. Right, Steve thinks. Job’s not done.
“Shall we?” Steve asks. Tony takes a step forward and tugs Steve along by their linked arms.
“All New Yorkers are weirdos, but really. This stuff’s like your astrology. C’mon, quick, what borough am I from?”
That still leaves Aquila a huge question mark, though. (God, he doesn’t know; this is why he wasn’t a lit major.)
“A specific one,” Wanda says. “The queen? There’s…it’s hard to work out because it’s
“Tony—”
Tony huffs a laugh. Yeah, me too, he doesn’t say.
“Almost?” Steve asks.
“Where’d Banner go?” he asks, thinking maybe Bruce went back to help the doctors.
“I get it,” he says, to no one in particular. “This is payback for all the times Pep had to make sure I didn’t choke on my vomit, right? Very funny.”
Steve cuts himself off, and even from his obscured vantage point, Tony senses his frustration.
“Stark,” Steve says, the warning barely covering his panic. Tony backtracks in his head and—oh.
And, God, she’s as beautiful as always. He saw her right when he woke up, of course, and before she left the compound, but he’d still been reeling a little bit, a little overwhelmed and unable to focus. The noise—the sound-noise, the visual-noise, the smell-noise, the brain-noise—it all falls away when he looks at her now. His magnifying glass, his fixed point, his anchor.
So Tony hides out there for the next few hours, pestering Bruce while genuinely observing his experiments, and texting Steve off and on, coordinating their plans so they can have their shit together for the meeting they have planned with the rest of the team.
“Stark?” he calls out. Tony’s near the back of the lab, off to the side where he’s been keeping Bucky’s arm as it’s been slowly assembled. He spins around in his chair, leaving the screens up to backlight him as he stands and spreads his arms.
“Together,” Steve says. And Tony flies off. Sam curses down the line, but neither of them try to stop him.
“Right,” Steve says, “I’m the weirdo.”
“He’s making french toast,” Clint says, “and it’ll be good if it kills me.”
“He okay or what?” Clint asks, and Tony’s not dumb enough to think Clint “Hawkeye” Barton didn’t see his reaction but, boy, he must really be feeling friendly today.
Tony takes another couple drinks of coffee before setting it down on the bedside tray abruptly, crouching and pulling the tablets out, turning them on one by one.
Tony doesn’t reply because there’s really nothing else he can say over text in the middle of the night that won’t make her hate him all over again, but something unclenches in his chest. He thinks he should be anxious, or try planning what he’s going to say to her, but instead he feels heavy, like a tension that was holding him up, holding him together, has slackened if not been untangled yet.
“Thanks, for helping me out tonight, and not trying to pry instructions out of me. I was a little,” he waved his hand vaguely, “gone, for that.”
(He doesn’t think so.)
“Yeah,” Steve said, and Tony heard the fondness in his voice, but he was too grateful that Steve put him out of his misery there that he didn’t hardly resent him for it. Steve shifted, then. “Sorry,” he said quickly when he accidentally jabbed into Tony’s side. Tony saw Steve’s shoulders roll back and braced himself. “I’m sorry if I—I didn’t mean to take any liberties earlier when you were—Tony.”
“I do,” Sam says, holding his hands up in admittance. “And for that, you got thrown in the RAFT and spent how long on the run, away from your daughter?”
Tony laughs, and it’s only a small huff of air but it’s a genuine laugh; no one’s watching, and it feels good.
“He is wrong,” Tony says then. No getting out of it. Sam’s always surprisingly willing to help as long as Tony gives a bit of honesty, he just doesn’t think Sam knows what that honesty costs Tony to give up. “I’m making it up to Barnes.”
Eventually, he decides he’s not going to implode or crumple. His eyes are closed, but he knows Steve’s not asleep yet, though enough time has probably passed.
“It’s moot anyway,” Steve says thoughtfully, his other hand settling on Tony’s shoulder, squeezing. “Because it’s not gonna get that far. But I really am sorry we’ve made you feel that way.”
“Yeah,” Rhodey says, “no idea what could’ve gotten him so worried then.”
“I’m always right,” Bruce mumbles around a pen from where he’s hunched over a sample of something-or-another on a glass slide. He’s literally just sitting there, poking it. Wet sciences fascinate Tony.
“Welcome back, Boss,” she says, and it even sounds like she means it. Tony scrunches his eyes closed briefly.
Tony’s phone is ringing, then.
“Yeah, I do. But everything has a new name these days. What do you call it now?”
“Med evac,” he mumbles to FRIDAY.
“Wilson pointed me this way,” Bucky says, looking slowly from Steve to Bruce in slow, sweeping motions. Threat assessment or checking them for injuries. Knowing the way Bucky is now, it’s probably both. “The way he said it, though, I expected you to be laid out or somethin’.”
“Wait,” Tony says, surprised by the level of venom in Bruce’s voice, “that wasn’t—”
Steve’s standing there next to Sam and he’s taking in the scene before him, for lack of a better way to put it. And then he’s smiling, he’s beaming, and obviously tying to tamp it down. Sam goes to get them both water bottles out of the fridge. Meanwhile, Steve grabs onto both ends of the towel around his neck and Tony doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do. Before he’s figured it out all the way, Bucky starts to stir, stretching his legs out straight and yawning, opening his eyes. The silence between Steve and Tony refreshes as Bucky looks around, becoming a three-way awkwardness, and Tony looks down at his tablet. And dammit, he’s lost his train of thought entirely.
“Boss,” FRIDAY chimes in, “debrief in the conference room in ten.”
There’s a pause in the conversation then. Tony takes the opportunity to drain his coffee cup and refill it. Fuck it, he won’t be able to taste anything for a week anyway. Steve doesn’t answer until Tony’s facing him again.
The others get to drink, no problem, Tony thinks petulantly. He knows it’s childish, and he’s mad at himself for ruining his own good mood even as it plummets. He’s also, if he’s being honest with himself, a little pissed at everyone else too, flaunting their alcohol like that.
“That’s enough, I think,” Tony says. “Listen, Wilson, I said something to Steve when he was here, and I said it in a way probably not conducive to any real progress—”
“Hey,” Tony says, feeling disturbingly…casual. Non-hostile.
“It’s a deal,” Tony says, that ball of dread still sitting in his stomach.
They even manage to surprise Natasha, which Tony will freely admit delights him to no end. She stops half a step out of the elevator, frozen and taking in the scene. And then she laughs, surprised and real, and it sounds weirdly like a dog’s bark before she claps a hand over her own mouth, stopping it. Her eyes are crinkled and happy when she meets Tony’s gaze, though, and he remembers their mornings before everyone else came back. Breakfasts together, stilted and suspicious. He feels a swell of gratitude for them—for her—all the same. He loves her, always has, and he understands parts of her he thinks the others have a hard time grasping. She’s seen him at his lowest points, during the palladium and after the Accords, seen him bleeding in just about every way, and he’s seen through her, called her out, seen the thing at the core of her she thinks is ugly and ruthless but necessary, and he knows what it really is: strong and empathetic and not at all necessary but extraordinary. She tries so hard to do the right thing, to keep the peace, to minimize the damage—even when people would like her more if she didn’t, even when she hurts herself and the relationships she’s cultivated. No matter what else has happened between them, he respects that about her. She really did agree with Tony, he thinks, and she didn’t go with Steve because she necessarily wanted to, but because that was where she was needed most. She didn’t come back because she wanted to face Tony’s coldness and the rest of the consequences, but because someone had to take the first step if they were going to reconcile (which they had to, for the sake of the world). She’s very exceptionally talented at setting her ego aside to get the job done, but this—this breakfast, in this room, in this building, all of them together, this isn’t necessary at all. It feels like a blessing.
Sam gets quiet for a minute then. Tony thinks, here it comes.
“You shouldn’t need stitches but you’ll need to be careful about it for a few days,” he tells Tony.
“Oh, my God,” Tony says, shoving Steve’s shoulder none-too-gently as they ride up. Steve gives in and laughs his full-body laugh, the real one. “You’re the worst, Rogers. The—wow.” He clutches at his chest.
IMPORTANT NOTE: cw for self-harm at the beginning of this chapter. nothing major, but be aware please and thank you
“I know,” Bruce says miserably.
“Oh, my God,” Tony sighs. None of the other flyers come to catch Steve, which means he
He plops himself down with Scott and Bruce.
Tony doesn’t say,
“Tony,” Scott says, “you’re a terrible influence and never allowed to talk to my daughter again.”
They’re instating weekly meetings, too. A place where team members can bring up issues they’re having, where Tony can tell them what he knows, where mission plans can be shared and backup requested.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony says. “You think
Tony’s jaw drops open. “Wait—what? What’d he do?”
He looks exhausted, weary, and Tony figures it’s at least partially his own fault. Steve’s smile twists then, and he blushes and, wow, really, even in the almost-total-darkness Tony can see it, the flush of color starting under Steve’s cheekbones and spreading to the tips of his ears, more purplish than red through the filter of dark around them and it’s actually scientifically incredible that Tony can see as much detail as he can now. Most people, he realizes, won’t ever get to experience colors at night like he is now, like he can now, whenever he wants.
