As Dean moves to grab his wallet, a tall, giant of a man suddenly appears behind him, clapping him on the shoulder. “You ready to go?”
Kevin pulls the book back, flipping through a few pages before turning it back to Sam. “Think this might be it?”
Sam’s so focused on what he’s reading that he barely registers Cas asking a question, let alone notices himself muttering an answer. He blinks up from his laptop in confusion. “Sorry, what?”
“I like you too,” Cas says hurriedly, once he gets over his shock. He makes an aborted movement to reach for Dean, in an aim to do what, he doesn’t know. “I more than like you, Dean. I-”
Cas squints at him but doesn’t comment, following after him as Dean makes his way out of the storeroom.
“Fuck, Cas! Cover up!” Dean shouts, immediately turning to look at a nearby wall. A hot blush is burning his cheeks, he can feel it. There is no way he’s going to be able to look at anyone else right now.
Freakin’ warn a man, Sammy,” Dean complains, leaning back and wincing at the throbbing in his foot. He flexes it to check if anything was damaged, wincing at the resulting twinge of pain. Nothing felt broken.
the grown-ups. It takes a little wrangling, but he’s able to convince Kevin to join in and help him come up with a game plan. They decide on having a day-long road trip holiday of sorts, driving over to Nebraska and spending the day there.
And man, what a face. He’s got a slightly scruffy look going that’s definitely doing him some favors, the slight frown he’s got doesn’t even detract from it. Probably his resting expression if Rick had to guess - wouldn’t be all that surprising considering the company he keeps. He watches as the guy brushes back a stray lock of hair drooping onto his forehead, hair spiking up slightly in front from the gesture. Even with the ‘absentminded professor’ vibe he’s giving off (and seriously, if he
occasionally adorable entirely without intending to be. He’s just managed to be the only one between him and his brother to refrain from saying it out loud.
Sam takes a moment to admire the picture, pleased to realize that he can still recognize some of the more major gods on sight alone. He pauses when his eyes land on Bast. The stern expression on her catlike face niggles at a memory. The conversation with Cas earlier, still fresh in his mind, comes back with sudden sharpness and Sam has to slap a hand over his mouth to cut off the laugh that wants to escape. Cas had decided to get back to work after their walk, and humanity hasn’t dulled his hearing any; Sam’s never been bad at lying but there’s little use of hoping to get away with it right now.
“What about peanut butter and banana?” Kevin calls over his shoulder. “It’s what I’m making for myself.”
“I hear someone beckoning me,” Gabriel says, walking out of the kitchen with a fresh tray of cookies. He sets them down on the back counter, eyeing Sam with interest. “Well, hello handsome.”
“I flew in, duh. Figured I’d hang out in the Batcave with everyone for Christmas, and hey, it had to be someone’s priority to give the resident fallen angel a good first Christmas experience.”
“It’s my job to keep asking that,” Dean rebutts. “I’ve been watching out for you since you were in diapers, Sammy. Just cause you’re wearing big boy pants now, doesn’t mean that’s changed.”
“Great. You go check the rooms in this hall, mine and Kevin’s too. I’ll check the kitchen and the pantry. We’ll meet back in the library.”
dead, he rephrases, “Is he finally gone? I can’t think of anything else that’s got you doing all this other than gearing up to celebrate something.”
Of course, Cas doesn't seem to notice Dean’s momentary speechlessness – the guy either has vision impairment to not notice how red his cheeks must be or is actually smart enough to
Before Sam can loudly interrupt, they break apart, a little breathless and apparently not noticing him, which, hey, he’s grateful for. Of course that gratitude is short-lived when Sam registers the heated looks they’re giving each other and, ew, no, Sam did not want to see his brother’s hungry sex-face, he’s seen it enough, thank you. He decides to count his blessings that he didn’t walk in a few minutes later, not willing to linger on the thought of the level of mental scarring he’d have ended up walking in on then.
The click of a latch breaks Sam’s attention from his papers sometime later. He looks up in time to see Dean reaching for-
And, besides, the guilty slump in Sam’s shoulders as he pretends not to listen tells Cas all he needs to know.
Then, somewhere on the road between La Crosse and Dubuque, Dean sees a man in a trenchcoat standing under a streetlight. Dean stops the car but when he does a double take the man is gone.
They’ve been having sex on and off for years but it’s been different since the empty took him and Jack returned him. It’s not some kind of desperate end of the world adrenaline thing anymore, or an open secret that everyone dances around, it’s deliberate now, and sometimes gentle. They get to take their time, if they want to. And it’s not like Dean doesn’t know how Castiel feels. But they don’t talk about it, Dean hasn’t said it back, and Cas doesn’t want him to if he doesn’t mean it. It makes him a little, something, though. Something between being irritated and sad, he’s not sure exactly what.
Sam decides to get a day job to distract himself, and reliably pay their bills without having to scam credit cards or hustle pool anymore. His fake ID says Sam Westen.
He’s never said the words out loud like that before. It sobers him up immediately, because he’s in mixed company and who knows what kind of assholes are hanging around looking for a fight. Dean would have left right then and there if the bartender didn’t give him a beer and a shot on the house.
And then Sam goes off by again. And comes back. And keeps doing it. And after a while Dean gets used to it, though he can’t help himself from feeling like the world is moving on without him.
“Looking for trouble,” Dean replies jokingly, and lets Sam assume this means Dean’s searching for a new case rather than researching ancient enochian summoning rituals. Because he knows what Sam would say. Cas sacrificed himself so they could win, and he’d want them to move forward. Cas would want them to be happy, and live good lives. Especially Dean.
He’s about halfway through the summoning ritual when the candles blow out on their own and Dean feels himself thrown backwards by an otherworldly gust of wind. It hurts badly but the live ram Dean was about to sacrifice seems relieved.
Dean winks at Kendra, all charm but Cas can tell his face looks a little more drawn than usual, like he’d been driving for too long without a break. He turns back to Cas “You get off work soon?”
It reminds them a bit of the motel rooms they had grown up in. Uniformal and familiar in some ways, a clean slate in others.
Dean hasn’t had any luck with his job search and Castiel pretends not to know that it’s because Dean is stalling for time, waiting for the other shoe to drop, and not really applying to anything with any follow through. Sam’s noticed it too, but doesn’t push the subject, though sometimes he’ll suggest a hunt if Dean’s looking particularly cagey. All three of them are aware that Dean doesn’t have much first hand experience with peace, and the one time Cas tries to help by showing him a construction supervisor ad on his phone, it results in a two day long fight. In the end Dean apologizes and buys Cas a lumpy cactus with a little white flower on it. Cas names it Earl and Dean applies for the job. He gets it.
One night, at a biker bar in Lincoln, Nebraska Dean gets whiskey drunk. Feeling chaotic and sad and self destructive he says to the bartender, “I lost someone I loved recently, and I don’t think he’s ever coming back. And I’m pretty sure it’s my own damn fault for feeling like that. But, fuck, I wish he’d come back.”
There’s a pen with the logo of a bank on it, a half empty tin of salt. And, there is paperback with a four leaf clover carefully pressed into the pages between the title and the acknowledgments. That’s all there is.
Cas deflates. He tilts his head and gives Dean an empathetic look. He knows Dean disagrees with him leaving so soon after becoming human again, and feels guilty about so many things it’s hard for Cas to keep track of them all, but he knows he couldn’t stay either, that it wasn’t meant to be and it’s better to pull the bandaid off sooner rather than later. Just like lying to the Winchesters, it never works out in the end. With almost no power left, he’s no help to anyone, not Sam and Dean, not heaven and Jack, not even himself. It hurts to think about it too much but maybe that’s just part of being human, too.
At some point Sam asks why Castiel stayed away for so long, and Cas replies simply, “I had thought you might like some time to adjust.” Sam gets a little huffy, but makes Cas promise not to do it again. They are both studiously avoiding Dean’s direction when they talk.
It makes Dean feel guilty, like he’s hurting Sam by not being happy, because Sam is struggling too and worrying about Dean is just another issue on top of a mountain of issues. Besides, Dean is so, so tired of making Sam worry.
Sam bought a fold out couch for whenever Dean is back in town, and when they save up he promises they’ll move into a house with a guest room just for him. And Cas. And the dog.
Dean’s not stupid, he’s noticed how Sam’s brow furrows at him when he thinks Dean can’t see. They know each other better than anyone else, and Dean can sense there’s only so much time before Sam’s patience runs out and they have a fight or a drunken heart-to-heart or both. Dean’s trying to stretch the remaining time out for as long as he can.
He picks up smoking because, why not, he doesn’t have to keep himself in top hunting shape anymore, then quits. It’s too cold to hang around outside and it makes his lungs feel like shit, besides.
“So, ah—“ Dean repeats, “you’re gonna, what? Drift around? Lay low in this podunk shit hole for the rest of your life?“ he stops, puts his hands on the counter to steady himself, or to keep from reaching over and grabbing him, Cas isn’t sure.
Cas nods cautiously. He puts his hand on Dean’s upper arm like an anchor and, unwilling to let the day go south, says sternly, “I assure you Dean, while I’m not strictly an angel anymore I still don’t need nearly as much rest as you or Sam do…”
Cas is quiet. They don’t say anything for a long time. And then, sadly: “I was trying to be your friend Dean. I was trying to be family. Friends don’t kiss each other. But I wanted to kiss you, so I thought maybe...”
He pauses and breathes in through his nose and out through his mouth like he’d seen on a YouTube video. He takes stock of his possessions again, focusing in particular on the fourteen American dollars and the one Canadian quarter. He checks how much gas he has left in his car. Not much. If he keeps going he’ll have to choose between food and gas, just to run out of whatever he picks again anyway.
“Speaking of,” Dean segues in a breezy tone Cas knows is dangerous territory, “Where you sleeping these days? You gotta sleep now right?”
No one says anything about Castiel disappearing on them for almost an entire year, or asks why he decided to show up in person for something that could have easily been a phone call, or even why Claire never thought to tell anyone Cas was spending time with her. But Sam is watching them both with a kind of intensity that makes Dean think he might get a sunburn on the back of his head from the heat of it. Cas doesn’t seem to notice.
The cameras don’t work inside the store and, according to Joanna, the only reason they’re still up at all is to deter would-be armed robbers. Castiel watches less deserving people steal from the Sunshine all the time, so it doesn’t seem worth it to take Sam’s money.
He likes the steady hum of human interaction, and the freedom of never seeing these people after this night, but that’s it.
On a whim Dean turns and starts driving towards Grand Forks. Some lame joke about friends with benefits being totally valid bounces around in his brain but he doesn’t say it. When it becomes clear Castiel isn’t going to say anything else, Dean sighs.
Cas has been finished with work for fifteen minutes already but there’s a rush at the end of his shift and a late delivery to contend with so he stays on to help Javier and Kendra out. It’s mostly people stopping by for gas on their way to work anyway, or truckers picking up breakfast before heading back on the road so he doesn’t mind sticking around in the mornings. Everyone’s usually too tired to yell at him and it’s a nice break from the drunks and the sad eyed truck stop kids he usually meets on overnights. The extra money doesn’t hurt, either.
“You’d think people’d be a little more generous, what with the cancer kid at stake and all,” he says. It’s a joke but he’s not smiling. When Cas doesn’t immediately reply Dean continues, “Or is this one of those, uh, charity scams? You know, where the evil mega corporation asks you to pretty please donate so they can use it as a tax write off?”
“Cas” he says. He doesn't actually know where he’s going with this. He leans his face close to Castiel, so their foreheads and noses are touching. He is deeply relieved when Cas kisses him.
He does, however, make pointed eye contact with Sam who waves his hands in a placating gesture behind Dean’s back and excuses himself to go stare at the overpriced air fresheners on the other side of the store. Cas had hoped that Sam, at least, would have had the sense to text first.
After dinner they eat a fudgy cake Mia had brought and watch a movie about a gruff-yet-socially-inept detective trying to solve his wife’s murder. It’s boring, and Dean’s seen this kind of movie a million times before so he gets a beer and takes it outside to drink. The weather is finally warm enough that the snow’s melted into sloppy mud but cold enough that Dean needs to wear a jacket.
Around the time Dean’s back wound is fully healed and he’s ready to start hunting again, Sam runs back into Eileen hunting an angry spirit outside Lafayette. They start spending more time together on the road. Dean is happy for them, though a little sad when Sam starts to move on.
What he does remember is that while Dean wasn’t looking, Cas had reached out to the clover with his grace. He’d found nothing particularly special about it, just carbon and water and glucose and no magic there to speak of. But Castiel kept it and the book anyway, for sentimental reasons. It was a very nice afternoon. Sitting in a grassy patch of sun with Dean while Sam went on a food run, the stress of the universe narrowing in on them not withstanding.
Cas decides to buy a bigger bed because two adult men and a fifty pound dog in a full sized bed is a lot. Besides, he has money now after all, he has a job.
He makes it halfway to Bemidji before he breaks down and prays. He stops to piss on the side of the road in some no-name stretch of forest between Bakus and Akeley and when he gets back in the car Cas is there waiting for him in the passenger seat.
“Dean,” he says. He breathes in again. Then he broaches the subject he’d been avoiding all morning: “Why did you come here today?”
He worries he’s compartmentalizing too much though, but he’s not sure how else to adjust to a world that’s not ending imminently. He’s never had to think about global warming before, or a 401K, but he’s doing his best.
“It’s whatever, Cas, but you know you can just text me if you want to check in, right?” Dean says carefully, “We’re, ah, we’re friends.” Then, with emphasis, “We’re family.” He knows those aren’t the words he wants to say, and feels a sharp pang at the unhappy look on Cas’ face when he repeats Dean with a nod, “Friends.” But Dean doesn’t know what else to call them. It’s been almost a year of radio silence.
His first words are a surprised, “Oh, Dean, hello. Where’s Sam?” It makes Dean snort and shift uncomfortably from one foot to the other.
He wishes he could become a new, different person. Someone who knows who they want to be, and how to not hurt everyone around him. Because, god, he is so fucking sick of being Dean Winchester.
They get so distracted by his reappearance that they lose the trail of the vampires they were looking for. When Cas mentions it to Jack the next time they talk, he replies that it was all for the best. Cas gets the message and doesn’t need to ask for any more details.
Eventually Dean gets discharged back to the bunker with a handful of unpaid-for antibiotics and by the time he’s healthy enough to get to the bathroom by himself without blacking out, they get a call. After much hemming and hawing from Dean, Sam goes off to a hunt in Texas by himself. It scares the shit out of Dean to see his brother go alone but he puts on a brave face and pats Sam on the back, like it’s no big deal.
When he finally reappears in the kitchen it’s as smooth a landing as it always is, but Cas seems a little off kilter. When Sam asks about it, Cas brushes him off. Sam doesn’t press the issue, and instead asks about how Claire is doing.
“What, in the car?” Dean asks. “That was nothing, no big” he shakes it off like it didn’t put him in a bad mood for a week afterwards.
Castiel shrugs, he doesn’t know what the Sunshine Gas and Go does with the money, and he’s not particularly interested in corporate tax law. Says: “I’m not sure, Dean.”
There’s an apprehensive edge to her voice as she glances around the room then, hastily: “uh, have a good one.”
He can’t come up with the correct words to get his thoughts across, so he just smiles over at Dean hoping it’s enough. He thinks it must be because Dean’s ears go red like they sometimes do when he’s happy. He thinks this might mean he and Dean are okay now, that not Dean’s coming around, and the relief of it makes him a little giddy. He places his hands on his knees, and turns in his seat to face his friend, expecting to be asked where he’d like to be dropped off. He’s thinking about the park by the river on the far side of town. It’s a long walk back to the truck stop but he likes to watch the trees shift in the wind and the fresh air there is a nice change from diesel fumes. Instead Dean says, “You still don’t got a place to stay, right?”
In a dream Jack had pulled them each aside and told them this is it. No do-overs this time. This world is really real, and they’re going to grow old or die trying. Then, just like that, he’s off to his big home renovation in the sky, with a placid smile and a “catch ya later.” It gives everyone a lot to think about, and a very bizarre and specific feeling of knowing God’s phone number.
He acts on autopilot and presses a chaste good-morning kiss to Cas’ lips, like he always wanted to do. Because this world is real now, and maybe he can do that. Just once, so he knows what it feels like.
“I’m sorry” he says, “for yesterday, I didn’t mean to upset you. And I don’t want you to disappear on me, on us, again.”
“Not here,” he says, then points at the coffee closest to Cas, “That one’s for you. Milk, no sugar still, right?” Cas nods. He knows this is Dean Speak for an apology. He can feel Javier and Kendra look over at them from behind the other register and restocking the cigarette display, respectively.
Kendra answers for him before he can say anything, “Yes, he does.” She has a kind look on her face when Cas turns questioningly to her. Javier rolls his eyes but doesn’t say anything.
“This isn’t the frickin X-files,” Dean kvetches. He’s still mad at Cas but he’s interested in the case, in solving the mystery, and he can’t seem to muster up the energy to make a big deal right now. He hates to admit it but seeing Cas alive and well in front of him replaces most of his anger with relief. Dean wishes dearly that he could reach out and touch him.
Dean is miserable for an entire week without Sam but brushes it off with a joke whenever Cas asks him how he’s doing, or Sam calls to check in. He starts sleeping through the night in Cas’ bed so often the dog comes too, and then shortly after Dean’s clothes get mixed in with Cas’. Then comes Dean’s shoes, the dog food bowls, and Earl, with a grow light.
The first house they find with a sweet elderly landlord who accepts suspect money orders and doesn’t do background checks is in St. Cloud. Eileen stays with them for a few weeks and then realizes she can’t do it, domesticity is not the thing she hoped it would be, and returns to the bunker. It makes Sam sad, and a little sullen, but he understands and doesn’t fault her for leaving.
The microwave clock says 5:45 AM, and Dean is stumbling in after a long night. The grey-blue of early morning light comes in through the windows and there’s snow falling outside for the fourth day in a row. Castiel is sitting at the kitchen table, waiting patiently in the half-dark.
Back then Dean had said: “They’re supposed to be good luck,” with a shrug when Cas asked why he was rooting around in the grass. Dean had pressed the clover into the book he’d just finished —some pulpy sci-fi novel— and handed Cas the book with the clover inside. He’d said, “I used to search for them sometimes when I was a kid to pass the time. It’s dumb but, hey, I figure we could use all the luck we can get.” Dean had smiled softly to himself then, a bit sheepish. The tips of his ears had gone red.
Cas closes out his register, changes out of his yellow shirt and into a pain grey one, and gets his coat from the back room. Dean’s waiting for him outside, drinking his coffee and leaning against the Impala. The lighting is the soft grey-blue of the morning, it feels nice compared to the white fluorescents of the store.
Sam has said “I wish he’d just come home, and stay here,” so many times and in such a pointed way that it makes Dean want to hit him or break something.
“Dean can be… well anyway. I’m glad he has you,” Sam continues. Then, with the look on his face Castiel recognizes as the one he wears when he teases his older brother, “But he really doesn’t deserve you.”
Because if Cas is going to come back like nothing happened and start acting like some kind of guardian angel, Dean is not going to play ball.
Cas wishes he could still fly, then at least he’d be able to solve one of their problems. He runs the idea of a spell to make the object useless, something he’d seen in a book at the bunker ages ago, past Dean. The exact name of the book isn’t clear to him anymore. Dean nods thoughtfully, then types it into his phone to send to Sam. Almost immediately it lights up with a call, Cas can tell without even looking that it’s Sam, but Dean mutes it and sticks it back in his pocket.
Dean blushes and goes still for a moment, he swallows but doesn’t say anything. His ears go even redder. After a moment tugs Cas in gently and Cas takes pity on him. Dean tastes like maple syrup and strong coffee.
At night when everything is quiet he can hear the distant sound of cars on the highway from his bed and sometimes it gets too much for him and he’ll take off. Only for a day or two, and always with a note left for Sam on the table or stuck to the fridge. He could text or say something but he’s afraid Sam might try and stop him, or talk to him about his feelings.
“That’s a lovely necklace” he says, he looks directly at the ghost when he says it. They make eye contact. The ghost does a sharp, terrified inhale for a moment and the lights flicker. The ghost disappears.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” the bartender had said, and Dean knew he meant it. He was tall but not as tall as Dean, and tan, and thick lipped. Dark blue eyes, a bit of stubble. Terribly similar but not quite right. Still, Dean ended up staying until he was the only one left and halfway blacked out. At the end of the night the bartender had given him a pity handjob in the men’s room and then told him to head out so he could close up.
Cas frowns, “Sorry about that. It happens all the time,” he lies. He wonders if he could purify the ghost with what powers he has left, that way she wouldn’t have to burn her wedding ring.
Cas lays there for a moment enjoying the bed. He had showered earlier and it had been a while since he’d experienced the particular nice feeling of clean body against clean sheets. He starts to type a reply to Dean, a simple “stay safe” but sees the unsent text from days before and remembers the woman, and the ghost.
Dean doesn’t know how to read into the situation. He’s not sure if Cas is avoiding him because he has to, or because he wants to, or because he thinks Dean doesn’t want to see him. For a brief moment Dean had let himself believe that their communication problems were over, now that Cas had come back from the empty. Now that feelings had been spoken out loud, and finally put into concrete terms. Love. Romantic, explicit love. That maybe there was a happy ending for Dean Winchester, somewhere out there. But now he doesn’t know, and isn’t sure if he ever will, not if Cas keeps avoiding him. It doesn’t feel too good to think about.
“So,” he says, slightly too loud to pay it off as cool. Out of the corner of his eye Castiel sees Sam’s head wip upwards towards them, no longer even pretending to not eavesdrop.
“Don’t worry about it, man” Dean says, he taps the counter twice with his knuckles, “nice place you got here. I’m glad you’re doing alright.”
When he leaves, he drives aimlessly. Music loud, just him and the road, like how it used to be in that narrow space before everything happened when Sam was in school and his father had cut him loose. It was lonely at times but the grip of the steering wheel made him feel safe and like he had a purpose, like he was doing things for a reason rather than just wasting time or avoiding his problems, and in a way it still does, so he always comes back to the car, and to the aimless driving.
Then he goes on a walk in the woods. Sometimes he talks to Jack, sometimes he just listens to the trees shift in the wind. By the time he gets home Dean’s usually made breakfast or lunch, depending on what time he rolls out of bed. They eat together, sometimes with Sam and Eileen, or other hunters who roll through town, but usually just the two of them. They talk about movies, or possible new hunts, or Dean’s job search.
At least this time around he’s not squatting in the back room with the cleaning chemicals but he is sleeping in his car, just until he has enough money for a place to stay or decides to hit the road aimlessly again. He knows that’s not anything Dean wants to hear.
Cas reaches out to the clover again, now, with what little of his power he has left. It’s just as lucky as any other dead plant.
It helps Dean to have his eyes on the road while he’s talking. It settles him down, and it’s easier to say what he wants to say without having to make eye contact.
On the way back to the car, Dean pushes Castiel up against the side of the Impala and kisses him and doesn’t care who sees. Castiel kisses back this time. Dean feels the happiest he has in a long, long time.
Dean’s not sure what to make of that, and doesn’t want Cas to disappear out of the car on him so he reaches over and grabs Cas’ hand in his. It’s warm.
Before Dean passes out in the Impala he wonders if maybe he reminded the bartender of someone he’d lost, too.
They’ve been in the house for nine months. It’s the dead of winter in Minnesota and everyday is somehow colder than the last one.
Car keys, red bic lighter, toothpaste and toothbrush in a ziplock bag. Cellphone, charger, brown faux leather wallet. A maxed out credit card with the name James Ledbetter on it, a fake Kansas ID to match the card. Fourteen American dollars, one Canadian quarter, a Blimpie’s buy-one-get-one half off coupon.
Jack had popped him back into existence at a pie festival Sam and Dean stopped at on their way to a hunt. Dean had kissed him in public for the first time that day, after years and years of motel bathrooms and dark corners. It seems significant to Castiel, but Dean’s cultural hang ups always felt dumb to him in the first place so he chooses not to read into it too much. When Dean pulls back he says, “I, uh… I…” but doesn’t manage to finish the thought because Cas is pressing kisses to Dean’s cheeks, the sides of his mouth, his forehead. Dean gets pie on Cas’ nose, but Cas didn’t mind. After that, Sam pulls him into a bear hug. He whispers, “I’m happy for you, man” and Cas doesn’t know if he should to reply to that or not.
“I’ll have someone bring you some ice chips, and the attending physician will be in soon to get you up to speed on your recovery.” She points out a little red button attached to his bed, “If you need anything, press this, okay?”
“St. Sebastian Hospital” she answers, then: “Give me one moment, please.” Dean’s mouth is so dry he doesn’t think he could argue even if he wanted to. The woman pulls his medical chart off the back of his bed and checks it over.
A few days later Sam is surprised to come home to a ram grazing outside the bunker, but not at all to find Castiel and Dean cuddled up on the couch watching movies.
“Listen, Cas, I’m bad at this. You know I’m bad at this. Talking. Feelings. All of it. But,” Dean doesn’t have to look over to make sure Cas is still there but does anyway, “I want to try. With you. For real. If you want.”
As usual, he ignores the disappointed part of him that wanted to have not woken up at all. He’s grown accustomed to that thought over the years, and it’s easy to shoo away, but not as easy as it used to be.
He gets nothing back. Life continues as normal. Dean can’t stop himself from feeling a little annoyed about it.
Finding things in common with his coworkers, or anyone really, is a challenge but he doesn’t hate hearing about the friendly ER nurse’s kid or breakroom speculation about whether or not it’ll snow, as much as he expected he would. One day it sneaks up on him that he can see himself moving forward, and maybe making a life here. St. Cloud is as good as anywhere, really.
Dean now owns a pair of sturdy waterproof boots that are fuzzy on the inside. They’re so warm that he doesn’t even care that they’re ridiculous and girly. If he’s got to shovel and salt the walkway for the third time that week, he’ll be damned if he’s going to do it with cold feet.
On TV, hospital rooms are usually these clean, white places with a sunny window and a nice chair in the corner. A family member or loved one would be there, desperately pleading for forgiveness, or redemption, or something like that. The nurses are all hot 20 somethings and doctors take time to talk to the patient and their family in soothing, apologetic tones. By the end of the episode there is either a miraculous recovery or a heartbreaking death.
Dean waits. And waits. And waits. And nothing bad happens. Sam comes home victorious. Dean knew he would.
It’s dark and Dean is tired so he tells himself he’s seeing things, and continues driving. He does not let himself hope.
Dean doesn’t like Castiel’s tone when he says the word, “everything” because he knows Cas is including himself in that. It pisses him off, in fact.
This one is called the Sunshine Gas and Go. The employees have to wear ugly yellow polo shirts that say “Ask how I can help make your day sunny!” on the back, with a horrible drawing of a little sun behind it. They keep the beer stocked on the left side of the cooler bank instead of the right and the jerky next to the self-serve coffee machine but aside from that it’s remarkably similar to a Gas-N-Sip, and the hundreds of other gas stations he’d passed through in his time.
Dean sees him pretending not to see. He smiles big and bright, his nose does a little crinkle that Cas always thought made him look handsome. The term “shit eating grin” comes to mind, Cas must have heard it somewhere, probably about Dean that time too. He rolls his eyes and says, “About your hunt, were you or Sam hurt at all?” He can’t do much besides heal minor cuts and bruises these days, but for the Winchesters he’d still offer whatever he can.
He’s not surprised when Cas joins him. He has a beer in his hand too, which Dean knows is actually for him. Just keeping up appearances for the unsuspecting humans, as Castiel likes to do, but he’s forgotten to pretend to need a coat. Dean doesn’t bother telling him to get one since Mia is so busy snuggling into Sam’s side that she probably didn’t notice anything.
Truth be told, Cas has no idea what Sam’s getting at or why he’s suddenly so nervous and uncomfortable but he just says, “Of course, Sam.” And Sam looks relieved, so Cas knows he said the right thing.
Even after two years, everything Dean owns can fit in three duffel bags, one for clothes, and two for weapons. He puts them in the trunk of the Impala and looks up at the house one more time, then gets in. Cas is waiting for him in the passenger seat.
Sam, at least, still has Eileen. She doesn’t stay with them full time but she swings by the bunker often. Privately one night Sam had asked Cas if he thought Dean would be okay if he joined Eileen on a hunt. Just the two of them. Cas hardly thinks he’s an expert on Dean Winchester’s psyche, but recognizes that Sam is talking to him rhetorically, looking for reassurance. So Castiel tilts his head. “I think Dean will be happy as long as you’re happy, Sam,” he replies cautiously and hopes this is the answer Sam is looking for. It’s not a lie by any stretch but not the whole truth, either. Castiel thinks Dean will worry himself sick, and obsessively check in on his brother, and repress his anxiety so deeply that no one will be able to talk to him about it for days without it turning into a fight about something completely unrelated. Then Sam will come home and Dean will pretend nothing was bothering him in the first place. But he’ll get used to it, eventually. Dean is nothing if not resilient.
The ghost is a man, perhaps in his mid forties. Too young to be dead, Cas thinks. But he supposes most people feel that way when they die no matter how old, and maybe that’s why there are so many ghosts. When the woman comes to the counter with thirty dollars to put on pump six he sees a wedding ring on a chain around her neck. He puts two and two together.
“I’m sorry, Dean” Castiel relies, cautiously, “I should have. I thought maybe you wouldn’t want to see me, and I was afraid, but I know now that was stupid.” A bitter pause, “I tried to give you space, to let you move on. And, Dean, you were supposed to move on, and forget me, and be happy.”
“Shoo,” she says, with a big smile. She points at the slogan on Javier’s uniform shirt, “Go have a sunny day, James.”
“So what?” Dean nearly shouts before collecting himself to grit out, “You get to say your peace and then leave? Just like that?” Dean doesn’t add “It’s not fair” but petulantly thinks it. He’s so mad he has to take a step back and breathe through his nose. It had never occurred to him Cas was back and simply didn’t want to see him, especially after what had happened. It stings.
When his mood starts to take this particular downturn Dean usually finds a bar, hustles pool to pay his tab and drinks for a while to clear his mind. If he gets too drunk he’ll find a motel, or crash in the Impala even though these days it makes his back ache like hell.
“You too,” Cas replies automatically. He thinks about following her out, trying to explain. He changes his mind and thinks better of it, his people skills aren’t as rusty as they used to be but he’s not sure where he’d even begin.
There’s no point in lying about this anyway; Sam and Dean are lifelong hunters. They’re observant and thorough even during a glorified social visit, and Cas figures they must have put two and two together as soon as they walked in the door. There’s no way they hadn’t clocked the too-big thrift store jeans under the uniform shirt, or the dark circles under his eyes. The way his facial hair is a little patchy from shaving in the bathroom mirror in the truck stop visitor center. Cas guesses there’s a 50/50 chance they’d already found his car in it’s discreet parking space at the edge of the lot before coming into the Sunshine.
In the morning Castiel likes to turn his bedside radio on and listen to the news. He’s especially fond of the science segments. Listening to people try and understand the little mysteries of their world in real time makes Cas feel grounded, and less like he’s making a mess of being human, since it seems like no one really knows what’s going on anyway.
Dean pours a little more whiskey into his coffee while he watches Sam pull out of the driveway in his used Ford. He thinks to text Castiel and apologize but then decides not to. He feels like a tool who is ruining everything all the time and totally incapable of changing, and he doesn’t know how to properly convey that in text form without sounding needy or unhinged.
Castiel just shrugs and ignores him, preferring to concentrate on how these people think fractals work, or black holes, or the glands on a dog’s nose. Sometimes they’re right and sometimes they’re wrong. Dean’s always cranky in the morning so Cas knows it’s best not to take him seriously. And besides, Dean always stays for the whole segment, sometimes asking Castiel to elaborate on the topic and sometimes just dozing off until the end before getting up to feed the dog, so he can’t hate it that much.
“I wanted you to have a real life, Dean,” Cas had said irritatedly, “I wanted you to know happiness and freedom. Freedom from everything.”
Joanna starts yelling and runs for the mop. Cas moves to unplug the machine and gets sticky pink syrup all over his last clean pair of pants. The ghost slips his mind, and he forgets to send the text.
He pretends not to see Dean stick a pack of gum from the display under the counter into his coat pocket. Sugar free cinnamon. He’d watched Dean do this before to other cashiers in other places, leaning in close to flirt, or to ask about the weather, the fishing report, whatever, and making off with anything that could fit in his pocket. Once, over a pack of Reese’s Bites, he’d told to Cas that he’d been doing it since he was a kid. He’d said: “Old habits die hard.” His voice sounded odd at the time, Cas had thought, scratchy somehow.
A heavyset woman in her 30’s comes into the room. “Hello,” she says kindly, “I saw your heart rate was up, do you know where you are?”
“Mr, ah, Bolan, it seems like you were in a serious car accident and have been out for the last few days. You have a punctured kidney, and quite a few other injuries, you’re really lucky to be alive and recovering as well as you are,” the woman says. There’s a softly scolding tone in her voice. Dean wonders if she thinks he wasn’t wearing a seatbelt or something.
Dean could pretend to be surprised when Castiel pops into existence on their front porch but there’s no point. Almost nothing surprises him, and hasn’t for a long time.
Dean is cooking some eggplant recipe Sam printed out from the internet and pretends not to be listening as intently to their conversation as he is.
“Hah, yeah,” Sam agrees with a huffy laugh, trying to disentangle himself from a low hanging seashell themed windchime.
“Aliens?” Sam cuts him off, incredulous. Dean can almost see the gears clicking together inside his brother’s head.
“Yeah, yeah wanna come up and see my art collection?” He says to the ceiling. Cas doesn’t know what he’s talking about but he likes it when Dean keeps his hand on his thigh while they drive.
The best explanation they can come up with is a Spooklight. A soul trapped searching for a lost lover. Relatively harmless, a standard salt and burn once they locate the bones.
Six months later they’re still living there. One closet is filled with weapons and other hunter ephemera, and there are sigils and protective warding where they need to be, but from the outside everything looks exactly the same. They’re just two adult brothers and a shaggy dog living in a house that looks like it was decorated by their grandma. Sam’s talked about maybe getting a plant or putting up the free calendar they got with their purchase from the dog food store but doesn’t seem to ever get around to it, and Dean doesn’t even pretend to settle in. As cliche as it sounds, when push comes to shove neither of them really know how to make a house into a home.
His days start to form a kind of unintentional pattern. He wakes up, listens to the radio, showers, and gets coffee from the kitchen. If Sam isn’t off on a hunt with Eileen that day there’s usually a pot of coffee already brewed, and if he is Castiel makes it himself. He takes his coffee with a bit of almond milk and some cinnamon. Sometimes when he knows Dean’s particularly hungover he’ll make a cup for him too, whole milk, one sugar, and leave it on Dean’s bedside table, careful not to wake him or the dog up. He uses one of his small miracles to keep it warm.
After that, Dean changes subjects and tells him about the latest Dr. Sexy storyline, about a vampire nest he took out a few years back, about running into Garth in Topeka. Cas talks about the Sunshine a bit but mostly just listens. He always likes listening to Dean talk.
He ignores the fact that, as usual, Sam is right. Dean is actually pretty great at ignoring Sam when he wants to.
Castiel taps the book in the spot where the clover is pressed. He can feel the slight bump of it between the pages while he thinks about what to do, it’s reassuring.
About forty five minutes later Dean takes off for the first time in a long while. He forgets to leave Sam a note and wakes up in Minot to five missed calls.
Castiel returns occasionally after that, usually with questions about a hunt he could probably answer himself. He’s been keeping an eye on Claire it seems, keeping her safe, though he knows he should just let things take their course like he’s supposed to. But he has some Claire-related guilt to work through, and it’s not like he has to follow any rules in heaven anymore, anyway. He is God’s dad, after all.
He needs to eat sometimes now, and drink water. He needs a shower and a bed if he can get them. Clothes, shoes, soap, toothpaste. All of it costs money, and to get money you have to trade time. Castiel has always found that a little ridiculous but he doesn’t make the rules anymore.
Occasionally, Sam will gently suggest that Dean go out and meet someone. Download an app, maybe. Try and reach out again to… he never quite finishes the sentence. Sam intentionally doesn’t mention gender and the unspoken encouragement sits heavy and weird between them. Sam’s known for a long time and doesn’t care. He guesses everyone in his life knows, at this point. Dean’s tried to be subtle, with other men, with how he looked at Cas sometimes but it’s hard to keep things like that from the people who love you.
The atmosphere in the car changes and suddenly Cas realizes where this is going. Dean puts one hand loosely on his waist and the other comes to rest on Cas’ neck, thumb in the space behind his ear. Cas breathes in sharply.
They pretend to be on their way back from a hunt, or maybe they really were and had driven out of the way to see him. They tell Cas it was a routine salt and burn; that they just so happened to be refueling at that particular gas station in this particular truck stop, exactly fifteen minutes after Cas’ coworker leaves him alone to cover the overnight shift. It’s an obvious and flimsy excuse to make sure he’s okay, but he’s known them long enough to understand that obviousness and flimsy excuses to see one another are gestures of affection in the Winchester family. He finds it somewhat exhausting to witness, and even more so to experience but he doesn’t bother to call them out on it. He figures this is because he’s a Winchester too, in his own way.
Dean swallows and abruptly turns to leave, hands stuffed in the pockets of his jacket. Cas watches him go until Sam comes to the counter with two bottles of water, a coffee, and an energy bar.
Castiel remembers trying to be encouraging. Saying something about the placebo effect that made Dean roll his eyes and laugh at the same time. He can’t quite recall the specifics of it anymore, he’s been losing memories here and there these days.
“And. And I wish I had told you how I felt years ago, I wish I had had the chance to-to make you happy,” Dean is glad he’s able to look at the road and not Castiel, “But, fuck, why didn’t you come back?”
But, he’s still the same handsome, charming Dean Winchester and people come on to him often but he can’t bring himself to go home with any of them these days. Sometimes it’s because he’s too old for them. Sometimes it’s because they’re too drunk. When he can’t think of an excuse he slips out the door when they’re in the bathroom. Dick move, he knows.
But, Sam starts spending more time away from the house, and from Dean. It makes Dean feel like one of his organs is missing sometimes, but he resolves to get used to it, for Sammy’s sake.
Dean waves him off, “Nah, we’re fine. Got shoved around a bit but it’s nothing a cold compress and a good night’s sleep can’t fix.” Castiel has an uncharitable thought about how the last time Dean had a good night’s sleep was three decades ago. He doesn’t say it out loud.
He tries not to think about Castiel, but almost immediately gives up and starts researching ways to get him back. When Sam is home, sometimes he asks what Dean is up to but Dean can’t bring himself to lie or to tell the whole truth.
He pulls his phone out to text Dean about what to do but halfway through the slushee machine makes a mechanical crunching sound and suddenly there’s red goop all over the ground.
Castiel thinks that, maybe, for the first time in his long, long life he’s bored with what he has, and he wants more.
A man in a trench coat appears in the room with a very cross look on his face. The relief Dean feels when he sees Castiel is so powerful he almost needs to sit down.
Cas reorganizes the gum display under the counter, then manually rings up the things Sam bought and enters the item codes into the register. He puts the change into the plastic jar with the sick kid on it.
Sam has a girlfriend now. Her name is Mia, she’s blonde and wirey, has a seven year old kid named Leo and a deadbeat ex named Jonah. She’s a little damaged and rough around the edges but hard working, and smart. An ER nurse with a dark sense of humor, but under it all it’s easy to tell she’s an optimist, even when she has no reason to be. Dean likes her very much, and is happy for Sam.
It’s warm inside and smells nice, like syrup and strong coffee. Dean orders something called The Lumberjack Platter and when Cas tells the waitress, “Just coffee, thanks” Dean overrides it and orders him scrambled eggs with a side of sausage and toast.
Dean nods at the steering wheel, his jaw moving. Cas can tell he’s trying to not turn this into a fight, either.
Things feel strange and different now that the world isn’t ending. Too real maybe. For angels everything always had a purpose, a plan, and all things fell into place accordingly. But now, it’s like he’s writing a new story with no outline, one that can be kind of meandering and boring in places, but peaceful too. There’s a kind of power in winging it and just hoping for the best. Maybe life is like poetry or jazz now, though admittedly Cas doesn’t have much experience with either of those things to really know.
Dean’s lips press flat together. He stops leaning over the counter and stands at his full height. He makes an aborted head shake. He speaks like there’s an awful taste in his mouth.
He tries to get up and make a run for it before an orderly notices he’s awake and starts questioning him about the health insurance he doesn’t have, but the moment Dean moves forward he’s overcome with a stab of pain that makes his vision go black in the middle. He lets out a sharp “paaah” sound that hurts his throat, and falls back into place. He feels nauseous and winded.
They’re quiet again, then Cas turns towards him. He starts to say something but Dean shakes his head and Castiel stops.
Sam gets up and grabs his work bag, says “When are you ever going to grow up, Dean?” But doesn’t wait for an answer. Not like Dean would have one anyway.
Sam Westen has a business degree from a Canadian college no one’s ever heard of and works in insurance billing for the local hospital. He wouldn’t call them friends but his coworkers are pleasant. Not too nosey about why he doesn’t have an accent, or why he lives with his brother at the age of thirty nine.
They’re trying because everything they did, every hurt and every loss they suffered, they did to get to this place. And never in a million years did they think they’d get this far, or feel this free, and it’s not an easy adjustment. There’s a loss there too, the dream they’d held on to for so long is real, and has gutters that need to be cleaned, and a dog that needs to be walked, and now they have to make up new things to hope for.
Still, it’s nice to not be stuck inside all the time anymore. Dean thinks he’s officially over midwestern winters.
And, they’re trying for Jack. Because Jack brought everything back, and everyone, to make them happy. To give them the life they wanted. Sam and Dean know they don’t owe Jack anything but they want to give him something. In some roundabout way they want to make him proud.
But he keeps up his disappearing act. He thinks it would probably be worse for them both if he didn’t.
Dean spends the next few days in the hospital. He wants to leave as soon as Sam gets there in the morning but Sam insists he stay the full amount of time that the doctor recommended. He says something to Dean about the possibility of sepsis but Dean doesn’t really listen. He knows how to keep his wounds clean, he’s not some dumb kid.
Castiel stays away for a few weeks after that, and Dean can’t help himself from taking it out on innocent bystanders. Usually it’s Sam, sometimes it’s dinner plates, other times it’s Jim Beam.
Still, the word feels nice to say, like a relief. He mentions it to Dean offhandedly, and Dean just shrugs nonchalantly, but gets red at the ears and gently tugs Cas into his room for a nooner.
After a while Dean will leave to do his own thing, and Cas will read or watch TV, and then they’ll have dinner. After that maybe a movie or a game of cards, always accompanied by a few beers. They wait until Sam and Eileen go to bed if they’re home and then Dean will put a hand on his knee or his hip or his back and lean in close until they’re kissing. Cas always lets Dean make the first move, he doesn’t want to seem needy, or like he’s asking too much, he’s been human before but all the functions that come along with it still take some time to get used to, and there are boundaries, and so many other complex things to navigate. At some point Cas will pull Dean into his room. They have sex and Cas will fall asleep, and Dean will get up and go back to his room, or he’ll stay and they get up together and listen to the radio and start all over.
"Ha, yeah. Please put the poison that makes my back hurt less." I moved towards an empty stool at the counter
"Thanks" His eyes moved from the steering wheel to me, his eyes narrowed just a bit, and I just knew he was going to try and tell me something but couldn't quite find the right words. "What is it Dean?" I ask, shutting the door and leaning on the still open window's frame. Looking at him quizzically as he bit his lip.
"It's about this town. That's why I'm back." My face must have shown my confusion because he quickly added "I just wanted to let you know because I'll probably see you around at places I wouldn't normally go."
"Huh that must suck for you." And with that she dipped between the doors and back into the kitchen and I sat shaking my head and drinking my coffee.
"And you just had to sit next to one of the people you hurt the most when you left too? Huh, that's funny." She spoke, deadpanning.
"Castiel." Her words shocked me, how had he known where I was? "Said he passed the apartment on his way down to the beach and saw you on the sill. What were you thinking? You should've told someone where you were going. You left on foot, you didn't have a car and no one even knew you still had the keys to that old apartment, so next time you do something like that, tell someone or so help me god."
”I still love him.” The words were almost silent, a mere whisper of what’d I’d told her years ago when I’d practically shouted out the entire confession to her that I was in love with my best friend.
"Wow." She coughed, looking surprised "That- thats a lot of work. I'd have figured you'd be, well I don't know, more torn up about it I guess."
"Oh so now you decide to see them? What about 2 years ago when we were all grieving the loss of YOUR grandmother? Where were you then?" He asked
"Mhmm, sure." I gave a nod and glanced up at him, gently running my hands over the keyboard but not typing anything "I'm here until I finish writing, which currently could be forever. How long are you here for?"
I will probably be rewriting the first few chapters pretty soon but I'm not sure yet, because I'm not sure how I feel about them, but if I do edit them I'll let you know in the chapter notes of upcoming chapters. Thanks for dealing with me as I get comfortable writing again.
"Good morning sir" The customs officer spoke, reaching her hand at me for her to take my passport and customs questionnaire. "How was your trip?"
The mind remembers the words, but the heart remembers how it feels. The mind can forget, but the heart never will
"Because you're my friend Dean. You worry when people you care about go radio silent and no one knows where they are. What are you here for anyway? Your coffee?"
"Really? I swear if we weren't at my diner I'd slap you right now. That's Big!" She reached across the table and smacked my arm, then sat back and folded her arms across her chest and pouted at me "I'm so mad you didn't tell me that, you jerk."
Every bone in my body was frozen as I stared into ocean eyes I hadn't seen in years. I had waited years for this moment but now that it was here, I didn't know what to do. He looked older, tired, but he still looked like the man I knew all those years ago. But he was now a stranger, the one person who I used to know everything about was now someone I didn't know at all. And he was here.
Clicking off the rest of the article my eyes swept down to the second article I'd seen, dread ran through me. Maybe I didn't want to read this article, but it couldn't be that bad. I mean he was always so careful about the people he surrounded himself with, right? What could have been so bad. Clicking on the article my eyes ran over the text. It was so, so much worse.
So I've decided I'm going to try and upload chapters every tuesday, thursday and some sundays. But I do work on tuesadays and thursdays days so I may miss an upload every now and then. Also I'll probably upload this to wattpad once I'm done writing it so yea, that might happen.
In all the years I'd known him he'd hated the beach, hated the sand, the water, the fish, the beach was something he'd never go to alone back in the day. Maybe we'd both changed, but was it for the better? Looking back at the tree's, my mind raced at the possibilities of what could have been. All the moments we could have shared had I not left or he'd have come with me, and suddenly I found my self wishing I'd stayed just a little bit more.
Angelina’s voice started to waver, and Dean could hear small sobs after every few words she managed to get out. “She...she got sick. I don’t… They put her on a ventilator. I can’t...they wouldn’t even let me go see her. Couldn’t bring Ben to her. It’s not...they said it wasn’t safe. Then she… She didn’t make it, Dean.”
“It’s okay, Dean. I’d been considering offering to take it over even before the pandemic,” Sam said. “I was just worried how you’d take it…”
Dean nodded, and he walked with Cas into the kitchen. She followed behind them, staying several feet away from them the whole time.
The words don’t come easy so he hopes Cas hears the prayer: I could never, ever be happy if I didn’t have you here.
Dean knows this well, television practically raised him. So no matter how many times he ends up in one it’s still a bit of a disappointment to wake up sweaty and alone in a dark room with puke green walls on one side and a curtain separating another patient on the other. This time, his back hurts like hell and he wants to know where Sam is and what happened to those kids.
“Dean, I have a stable job as a paralegal that I can do remotely, and scholarships cover the majority of my tuition. I can take over the amount you’ve been paying, especially since I’ve been able to save money while you’ve helped me out. I know you lost your job, it’s okay,” Sam said. “Just let me know if
“He… he definitely looks like he could be yours,” Cas admitted. “You’re still going to get a paternity test, though.”
“You don’t know that,” Dean replied. “They’d be right, you know. I’m an incompetent, irresponsible mess.”
“Sup, little sis, little bro, little bro’s hunky friend, and little bro’s hunky friend’s baby?” Gabe asked.
It wasn’t long before Dean started tearing up himself, and suddenly Ben wasn’t the only one crying uncontrollably. His body was shaking, and his teeth were chattering, and he felt like his head was going to explode. He took in a deep breath to try to calm himself, but it ended up leading him into a much more hysterical fit of tears. Tears were streaming down his face and snot was pouring out of his nose. He was a
Cas took Dean’s hand and intertwined their fingers together. “Luckily for you, you don’t have to go through this or anything else without me. I’m here, baby. We’ll get through this.”
Somehow, within less than an hour, he had been sucked in and found himself singing along to Taylor Swift’s
“Oh, I’ll tell you what I think of you,” Cas sat, sitting up straight. “But don’t fucking interrupt me.”
“Fine, I’m just gonna… take a shower then,” Dean said. He drained the remaining coffee in his cup and placed the cup in the sink.
go spend the night in my bed. You need the rest,” Cas said as he placed a snoozing Ben back in the crib, somehow magically without waking him back up.
Dean shrugged. “It was better than nothing. Just had to pump it up every couple hours. I was waking up for Ben anyway. Didn’t seem to matter much.”
God, he missed seeing Cas in person. He wanted to hug him. Social distancing was the absolute worst.
“I am happy to hear the news, because the pining was very nearly unbearable. But Dean, I hope you know that if you do anything to hurt him, Cas has a gigantic fucking family and we
Cas sighed. “No. I haven’t replied yet. She’s asking if he’s the ‘hot guy from Louisiana’ you were seeing a few months ago.”
“Dean, come on, at least stay with me until the quarantine is over,” Cas said. “You need a place. You need some help. I have a place, and I want to help you.”
His euphoric happiness took a sudden nosedive when he got a text from Dorothy less than an hour later.
Things were getting dire. The shop was closed and he was laid off, supposedly temporarily, but who really knew. Who knew if the shop could even survive this much lost revenue. For the first time since he was a kid, he had no source of income. He didn’t have much hope of getting more either; it’s not like there was any place hiring people. He was supposed to just...stay at home.
“But…” Dean’s head was swimming. “Ever since you moved out of your crazy ass family’s home, you’ve been so fucking thrilled about living alone and finally having privacy. And you need a home office more than ever now that you’re working from home...”
Dean narrowed his eyes and stalked over to the bed. He was about to pounce on Cas, when suddenly he felt nervous and stopped.
Worst of all, his son clearly hated him. He loved Cas way more; he’d often stop crying immediately as soon as Cas would pick him up. He hated when Dean would take him into the bedroom whenever Cas had to go on a work call in the main room. When Cas wasn’t working, Ben seemed enraptured by his mere presence. He’d crawl after Cas on the ground, trailing behind him and babbling incomprehensibly.
but he stopped himself when he saw Cas mouthing along to whatever poppy mess of a song they were listening to. He supposed that
He paused as they walked up to the front door, unable to take the next step until Cas took the initiative to ring the doorbell. As Cas pulled away, he briefly squeezed Dean’s shoulder. He heard movement in the house, and then it was only a couple seconds before a woman answered the door. Her hair was frizzy, and she was wearing ripped sweatpants and an oversized t-shirt.
“I told her you’ve been busy with Ben,” Cas said. “And you know what’s weird? Apparently she has no idea who Ben is.”
The house they pulled up to was small, but cheery. The bright yellow walls and flower boxes lining the porch felt so discordant with the experience of walking into the house of a grieving friend caring for his son.
“It’s just going to get harder the longer you wait,” Cas replied. “And what do you think Sam will say? You know he’ll support you.”
got tucked in, Dean grabbed the baby monitor and rushed as quickly as he could into Cas’s bedroom, where Cas was sitting on the bed, looking remarkably calm and reading a book called
Cas rolled his eyes. “It shouldn’t have been your job to take care of him your whole life, either. If he offers you help, it’s because he cares about you. And if it really bothers you, you can just tell him I’ll help you out with anything you or Ben need.”
“Yeah…” Dean said, but he was saved from having to explain by Sam and Jess joining the chat, followed almost immediately by Ellen and Jo. A couple minutes later, Bobby joined, but his microphone was not working. Dean watched as Bobby got increasingly more frustrated as Charlie tried to walk him through how to fix it. Finally, eventually, he managed to get the microphone working.
“He’s not complaining. He’s worried about you,” Sam replied. “And frankly, he deserves better. He’s sacrificed a lot to help you out here.”
“That’s right, Ben,” Cas said, nodding his head. “Ben agrees with me that Dada should have realized I had feelings for him when I invited you two to come live with me.”
“Ben needs a diaper change,” Dean said as he picked up his son. He placed him in front of Cas’s phone and said, “Can you say bye bye to Aunt Anna and Uncle Gabe?”
Dean knew that the sentiment was fairly empty. He couldn’t imagine how he’d feel if Cas was that sick and he couldn’t even be with him in the emergency room. Thinking of Charlie, alone, and sick, and scared...
Dean could sense the probing stare from Sam, and vowed to ignore it. When they got into the car, he turned the music up loud enough that Sam wouldn’t be tempted to talk over it. At the apartment, Dean was able to avoid conversation by focusing on packing and cleaning. Sam had luckily kept most of the boxes he’d used when he moved into his apartment with Jess, and that helped the process, but they were still less than half done by the time it was nearing nine o’clock. They ordered some pizza when they realized how late it had gotten, and decided to stop for the day once the pizza arrived.
Cas frowned for a couple seconds before reaching for the remote and pressing pause. “Charlie is asking about you, she says you’ve been avoiding her and only giving one word answers for a few weeks. She’s worried.”
“You made burgers,” Cas said as he walked into the kitchen. His eyes looked red and puffy, and Dean realized he’d most likely been crying.
“His main message was ‘took you long enough’ and ‘I told you so’, but he’s happy for us,” Dean said.
“I meant this,” Dean said before rushing forward and planting his lips against Cas’s. At first, Cas didn’t respond, but then he started desperately kissing back. It felt
He invited Sam and Jess, even though they already knew. He invited Charlie and Dorothy, and Ellen and Jo, and Bobby.
For the next hour, Angelina and Dean talked through the details of Ben’s life together. Somehow, Dean had plans to drive to New Jersey the next morning. To pick up his long lost son. In the middle of a pandemic. When he had no fucking money.
“No, that was just a side job and she took on more shifts as a nurse after -- um, anyway, you’re definitely the right Dean.” Angelina took a deep breath. “Look, after your uh, time together, Lisa… she...you...she got pregnant. She didn’t want to raise a kid with a one night stand, so…”
“I want to help,” Cas assured him. “But you’re already a great father. Ben’s just a baby. He’ll figure out how awesome his father is soon enough.”
Cas raised an eyebrow. “Well, well, well, I never thought I’d get to see the day when Dean Winchester would tell me I was right about something. Let me just savor this moment.”
“Yeah, and Gabriel’s been sending me deliveries from his bakery like every other day,” Cas said. “I have far too many baked goods for any man to eat on his own. I
, Cas,” Dean said with a sigh. “He’s going to support me, and he’s going to try to like, take care of me or some bullshit.”
“I’m not interested in sleeping with you just because you’re bored or I’m the only person available,” Cas said. “It would
Dean frowned, and passed Ben over to Cas. “Can you get him strapped into the car? I’ll be out in a minute.”
“You were freaking out about the job and money and Sam’s tuition, and I just… I wanted to be there with you,” Cas said.
Cas sighed and said, “Dean, you need to stop making things harder for yourself. Anyway, Sam said he’d be here around two, so you should probably get ready.”
“Then tell me the truth, Cas, not just the things I want to hear. You know I’m a disaster,” Dean said.
Ben crawled back to them and sat down in front of them. Dean wrinkled his nose as he smelled that Ben needed a diaper change. He exchanged a look with Cas, who nodded.
” Dean added. “And now I need to drive to Jersey tomorrow to pick up an infant - and what am I going to do with a fucking baby, Cas? Even if I was responsible enough for a child normally -
Cas raised an eyebrow. “I think you’re an infuriatingly maddening person who refuses to let people in due to constantly carrying a massive amount of unnecessary guilt and an insecurity complex the size of the Chrysler building.”
“Don’t tell anyone, you’ll ruin my rep,” Dean said, and Cas laughed much harder than the joke deserved. Dean could feel the laughs shaking Cas’s body, and he saw the bright eyes and giant grin brightening up his face in a way that never failed to make Dean feel weak. He loved when he was the one making Cas look that happy.
. Dean made Cas promise to never tell anyone about this, but Cas just grinned mischievously. For some reason, Dean’s life was falling apart, but Cas looked happier than he’d seen him in years. Apparently, Cas’s happy place was in the middle of a pandemic, when he was going to have to give up his privacy for his annoying friend and his new son.
“I mean, we’re not married, but actually, kinda, yeah,” Cas said as he pecked a kiss to Dean’s cheek.
“Hey, Dean,” Sam said as he noticed Dean entering your room. “Ben was just telling me all your darkest secrets.”
At the grocery store, Dean picked up stuff to make burgers for dinner later in the week, knowing Dean’s homemade burgers were Cas’s favorite. He got jelly because he noticed that Cas’s favorite jelly was almost out, and Cas ate peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for a snack nearly every day. He was determined to make up for the way he’d been treating Cas. He could do better.
“I still haven’t figured out how I’m going to tell him I can’t afford his tuition, and now I need to tell him I have a
“Well, I’m guessing boring is off the table for a while,” Dean said. “I just hope you realize that you’ve signed up for being woken up in the middle of the night and having your work meetings interrupted by a crying baby in the background.”
“You’d better put that book down,” Dean said to Cas, who smirked and grabbed the bookmark from the nightstand to mark his spot.
Starting tomorrow, he was going to be stuck in an apartment with his infant son who just lost his mother and a man he’d been hopelessly and unrequitedly in love with for over a decade.
“I don’t know how many times I have to tell you that I want you to move in with me,” Cas said. “Do you have
Dean considered following after him and trying to fix things, but he wasn’t even sure what he would say. He was saved from making the decision by a text message from Charlie.
“Thanks, man,” Dean replied as he forced himself to push away the urge to refuse the offer. “See you tomorrow, Cas.”
“Good, because she’s been planning the game for days and she’s freaking out about not getting enough players remotely,” Dorothy said, as she ran her fingers down Charlie’s arm.
Dean shook his head and passed him the phone so he could read his texts with Dorothy. Dean watched as Cas’s face fell into concern.
him there; he just was helping out the poor pitiful, charity case of an unemployed friend who was dumb enough to get a girl he barely knew pregnant.
“To be fair, though, Dean, I thought you’d never get your head out of your ass enough to realize your feelings,” Anna said with a shrug.
Before Dean could leave the room, Cas walked up to him and gathered him in a hug. Dean melted into the embrace, letting Cas hold him and soothingly pet his back. Dean tucked his head into Cas’s shoulder and let another few tears drop down. Reluctantly, after several seconds, he pulled away, not wanting to make Cas uncomfortable or abuse his generosity. He gave Cas’s arm a firm squeeze and walked over to his bedroom. This really wasn’t the way he’d always imagined getting into Cas’s bed, but after lying down on an actual bed for the first time in over a week, he wasn’t about to complain.
Angelina rolled her eyes. “If you knew Lisa’s family, you’d know why I went to you first. I wouldn’t expect much of any kind of help from them. They never helped Lisa when she needed it, so I doubt they’d be willing to help you.”
“I just don’t wanna talk about it. I’m a fucking high school dropout with six dollars to my name. I don’t want everyone questioning how I’m supposed to be a father,” Dean said.
Cas let out a short laugh. “Join the club, honey. Pretty sure the whole world is united in hating this fucking virus.”
In the middle of a particularly rough night, Cas came into the room after Ben’s fifth time waking up. He looked just as exhausted as Dean felt and his hair was sticking up in every direction. Dean felt a pang of guilt looking at him.
He knew they were crossing some boundaries. Part of him wanted to ask what the cuddling really meant, but a larger, cowardly part of him just wanted to let it keep going for as long as possible. He wasn’t ready to be rejected yet.
“Dean, I’d be worried sick if you were somewhere else with Ben and I couldn’t see either of you,” Cas said. “Even before you found out about Ben… We’d only been quarantining for a couple weeks, and I can’t tell you how much I missed being able to be with you in person.”
It was weird. He had never really contemplated what it would be like to see his child for the first time, but it felt… magnetic. He walked over to where Ben was playing and sat cross-legged right outside the playpen.
Dorothy was feeling too emotionally overwhelmed to reach out to everyone about Charlie’s condition, so Dean took up the emotional burden of contacting all of their mutual friends to let them know. That night, Charlie herself contacted him, and Dean had never been more grateful to receive a text.
Somehow, Cas convinced him to set up a Zoom meeting to introduce everyone to Ben once he woke up from his nap. It seemed easier to do it all at once than to try and have separate conversations with everyone he needed to tell.
“Oh, I understand perfectly well. You’re jealous of Cas for being better with babies, and you’re scared that Ben will never see you as a father, and I’m telling you that you’re dumb,” Sam said.
“If you were an irresponsible idiot, you wouldn’t be driving to New Jersey right now to pick up a kid who you can’t even be certain is yours,” Cas said. After a couple moments of silence, he added, “Dean, you practically raised Sam. Do you really think he won’t support you now?”
“Woah, okay, hey, Dean, it’s okay, I’m here,” Cas said as he rushed towards Dean and took Ben out of his arms.
Dean stared after Cas as he left. He’d seemed… upset, maybe even disappointed when Dean said they weren’t together. Dean didn’t know what to do about that. He didn’t know what it meant, and he didn’t want to let a seed of hope start to grow if he’d have to crush it later.
Cas stared down at him with wide pupils and kiss-swollen lips, and Dean had never seen anything more arousing.
“Right, okay, great plan,” Sam said irritably. “You really need to talk to him. Before you move in with him.”
“And then what, Dean?” Sam asked. “How are you going to take care of a baby? Do you need to move in with us? I can talk to Jess...”
Dean picked up the bits of squash from the ground and wiped down the floor. He shot Ben an unimpressed look, trying to impress upon the baby the importance of not interrupting him when he was kissing Cas. Truthfully, though, it was probably good that the baby intervened before they got too far along in the middle of the kitchen with his son watching.
“All the dinners you cook for me will be worth it,” Cas said. “Do you know how sick I am of ramen and hot pockets?”
“Yes, but it’s better than you paying an unnecessary extra month of rent, and you need your bed, Dean,” Cas said. “Why didn’t you tell me the air mattress was losing air in the middle of the night?”
“Anna and Gabe are supportive, even if Gabe is mostly just teasing me,” Cas said. “Alfie and Esther were excited and demanded pictures. And mom is always happy for more babies.”
He forgot how awkward he’d made things with Cas until after the call ended, and Cas passed Ben to Dean before going back into his bedroom alone.
Cas laughed. “Dean, I’m an accountant and we’re in the middle of an economic crisis and heading into a very strange tax season. I assure you, my job is safe.”
“I know, Dean,” Cas said softly. “And I understand how hard it must have been for you to accept my help with all this. But I need you to know that I
He got it. They were both quarantined and completely starved of other human contact. It made sense that Cas would start getting a bit more physical, and he wasn’t going to let his own unrequited attraction make things awkward or uncomfortable or do anything that might make Cas
“I understand,” Dean said, shaking his head. “I can’t say I love the way this happened, but… He’s not your son. He’s not your responsibility. Does Lisa have any family? Anyone else who might be able to help? At least to keep some kind of connection to Lisa in his life.”
He was distracted from the disconcerting thoughts when Cas changed the radio station from the classic rock station he’d found to some kind of popular music channel. He was about to switch it back and remind Cas of the rules -
They spent the next hour loading up the truck, finally getting around to packing up the playpen while Angelina took Ben to give him a diaper change. When they came back out, the truck was packed, and they were ready. Dean held out his arms to take the baby, and Ben immediately shoved his face into Angelina’s shoulder to hide away. As Angelina handed Ben over, Ben said “mamaaaa” and Dean watched as Angelina lost her composure and her eyes started to tear up.
Dean glared at him, but the glare didn’t last long when he saw the small, adorable smirk on Cas’s face. Maybe he
“Dean, tell Cas you’re in love with him,” Sam screamed back, and Dean hung up on him just as Cas walked back with four bags full of unnecessary overpriced food from the convenience store.
“I was about to wake you up after Ben’s lunch anyway, though. I talked to Sam, he’s going to come here later today and all day tomorrow so you two can clear out your old apartment and you can give your landlord 20 days notice or you’ll end up having to pay rent for May,” Cas said.
Still keeping his flask hidden, he reaches out his free hand to pat Castiel’s shoulder awkwardly. “Good luck with figuring out… whatever you’re trying to figure out.”
“No, and I’m not interested in going clubbing with you tonight,” Castiel replies, eyeing the clock on the wall. It’s almost noon and Dean isn't due to come in for another hour at least.
“Hide n’ seek!” Dean exclaims. Sam shrugs agreeably. Dean cheers, running off yelling, “I’ll go get Cas!”
“Sa-” Dean starts, sneezing again, less violently than before. He sniffles wetly, rubbing at his throat. “Hurts.”
“Buzzy has to come to sleep too,” Cas says sleepily, punctuating his sentence with a yawn. He pushes the blanket off, rubbing at his eyes.
And that, that hurts. As if Dean would try to hurt him, just to make a point. He resolutely pushes that thought down, because now is not the time. Cas is still upset, that much is obvious, but not as much as he when he’d started. Looking at him now, he just looked sad and tired.
chimes out into the library. He turns to eye Charlie skeptically. “Bublé, really? Please tell me we won’t be listening to Celine Dion for Christmas too.”
“I might be a dozen different kinds of stupid sometimes, but I’ve got enough sense to not screw up one of the few friendships I’ve still got.”
None of the other rooms in the bunker were even remotely ready for anyone to sleep in, seeing as they were still covered in half a century of dust. Fortunately for them, the kids seemed to have no qualms about sleeping in the same bed.
Sam reflexively braces himself at the question, momentarily surprised when the clawing-scratching sensation doesn’t start up. Either the question is too vague or the effects are finally starting to wear off.
“I’ve seen some of it whenever I’ve joined Dean on supply runs. It’s similar to most other small American towns I’ve seen.” Cas trails off, looking like he’s sure he’s expected to say more but unsure what else to say. Eventually, he lands on, “The burgers at the diner we visited were very good. You should have joined us. I’m sure there would have been a healthier alternative that would have been acceptable for you beyond just a salad.”
“Maybe that’s because I’m a zombie!” Sam says, reaching forward to tickle Cas. He yelps, giggling as he squirms to get out of Sam’s grip. Once he’s breathless with laughter, Sam turns on Dean. Seeing that he’s the next target, Dean yells, running to hide behind Kevin’s legs.
He lets out a jaw-cracking yawn, trying to remember the snatches of last night’s dream. He remembers Dean and Cas as toddlers, something about grocery shopping, and a giant, stuffed… bee? He snorts quietly. Clearly his brain had interesting ideas about what a normal life looked like.
was bigger.” He frowns, muttering a quiet and uncertain “Old,” to himself. The furrow in his brow doesn’t lessen by much as he continues, “I was stronger, before. I used to protect you and Dean.”
There’s the beginning of a lecture at the tip of Dean’s tongue about screwing up whatever passes for a sleep schedule with Cas by taking late naps or too long ones, one he’s already given twice now, but he bites it back as he surreptitiously takes the empty seat between his and Sam’s and gets back to his own dinner.
“I apologize for Gabriel,” Castiel says to Dean, ignoring Gabriel. Dean’s smile is amused, unperturbed and familiar with Gabriel’s antics. “Would you like your usual?”
“Shut up,” Dean huffs, plating up some fried chicken and mashed potatoes for himself. “Your fashion sense sucks by the way.”
That earns him a glare, and a short, “No,” as the guy flicks a glance back at his car. Rick follows his gaze and sees Grumpy Male Model dude’s friend watching the other cars drive by.
“Since I’m the one who made the pie, I believe I’m entitled to it,” he replies, snatching the fork and quickly helping himself to another mouthful. He turns to look at Dean, grinning impishly.
Sam snorts quietly. That was definitely a generous way of considering friendliness. An amused smile plays on his lips as he answers, “Oh yeah, he was definitely flirting.”
They’re both quiet for a few moments, Dean not looking at Cas and Cas sneaking glances at Dean upon realizing that Dean’s embarrassed reaction implied that he didn't much appreciate being stared at, and would possibly become upset were he to catch Cas at it again.
For all the lingering awkwardness that remained between them, he’d thought he and Dean had come to some sort of peaceful middle-ground now that they were on something of equal footing. That maybe, undeserving as he was of it, he’d been forgiven for his injudicious actions. For Dean to be so wary of him now… apparently he’d been deluding himself.
“I find that somewhat difficult to believe,” Cas replies. Which, considering their current situation not giving him any other option
“Nah, Valentine’s Day is overrated,” Dean replies, warily amused at Gabriel’s sudden and unexpected interest in him.
Rick straightens up when Stone-Cold Fox makes his way to the counter. This is usually the part where he slips into his usual customer service shtick and makes small talk, but something about the guy has him feeling flustered and tongue-tied so he just smiles in a way he hopes isn’t too awkward and starts scanning his purchases.
Since Cas was okay playing whatever Dean wants, he decides they should play tag after they’ve finished their mud pies. They get bored with it after a few minutes because it's dumb if he and Cas only chase each other, so they end up splitting up and wandering around by themselves.
They find whatever books they can on spell breaking before hunkering down in the library, Sam and Kevin at one end of the desk, Dean and Cas on the other. The kids remain relatively well behaved, whispering occasionally to each other but otherwise quiet. They all go about with their work to the soundtrack of the occasional turning page and the sounds of crayons rubbing on paper.
He can hear the nagging voice of his conscience that somehow manages to sound like both of his last exes telling him to let sleeping dogs lie. He pointedly ignores them, (they’re not here to judge him now anyway), hesitating for all of a second before curiosity gets the better of him.
There’s a loud pounding at the door that has them both turning. The door and shelves rattle as it bears another hit before shattering into splinters. Dean finds himself being pulled behind Cas as they both try to shield themselves from the debris.
“Not that I really need to explain anything to you, but let’s just say some people need to learn to grow up a bit. I was giving them a nudge in the right direction.”
Dean opens his mouth, ready to spout off the half-dozen times his loose tongue got ahead of him just last night, then pauses. Most of the stuff that comes to mind were things that happened with Cas and he feels like breaking out into hives at the thought of actually having to repeat even one of those to Sam.
“I’ll get Cas to help pull any Men of Letters records he can find and…” Catching Dean’s expression, he trails off. “What?”
“No, Cas, you gotta-” Dean moves to correct him for what must be the fourth or fifth time and ends up getting hit in the gut with the butt-end of the cue as Cas gears up to take a shot.
With that, he pushes his chair back and heads over to Sam, grabbing a couple of bags from the table and heading for the kitchen. Sam watches after him for a moment, confused, before grabbing the rest of the bags and following after him.
Sammy’d wandered off to do something, so Dean couldn’t ask him. He’d have to ask Kevin instead, but he couldn’t do it alone so he gets Cas to help him. Dean heads over to Kevin, sad-face in place. Sammy almost never said no to his sad-face so it should work on Kevin too. Cas had his sad-face on as well; it wasn’t as good Dean’s, but he was trying. Kevin wouldn’t be mean enough to say no to
“Remember when you were complaining about not having enough snow the other day?” Kevin says, walking down the stairs.
It's then that Dean notices the baking ingredients still out on the kitchen counter that Cas had forgotten to put away. "Wait. Cas, did you
“It’s Sam,” he says, a little exasperated. Still no response. He huffs quietly to himself and tries the handle, blinking in surprise when it opens into a dark and obviously empty room.
He gets briefly distracted from his work when he notices a familiar face pass by the large front windows. Mal wanders in, clocking Stone-Cold Fox’s presence almost immediately, and gives Rick a wave before heading to the rack of magazines and rifling through it.
After his and Kevin’s unfortunate mishaps, Sam makes certain to check the weather reports before his next supply run, frowning when he sees the rain forecast for the rest of the week. “Does it still count as winter if you’re getting more rain than snow?”
Unfortunately, since real life was a lot more difficult, it meant that they’d occasionally have to split up just to get the jump on a witch. Splitting up wasn’t generally that bad of an idea; it's been a pretty successful one as far as the Winchester track record goes. Case-wise more than life-wise.
Dean’s halfway through making breakfast when he hears quiet footsteps headed towards the kitchen. Sam’s not exactly the quietest guy around, so the most likely option was Cas (much as he and mornings still don't get along) or Kevin (extremely unlikely considering his marathon sulking).
Dean shifts uncomfortably. This was starting to veer into the kind of deeper conversation territory that they‘ve been studiously avoiding.
“Is there an echo in here? Yes, today. Not like we’ve got anything urgent, and don’t you try feeding me any nonsense about storeroom work being ‘urgent’.”
“You could… check on him later?” He suggests, feeling a bit like a mediator in an uncomfortably awkward marriage counseling session. He did not sign up for this shit.
Sam shrugs. “Not since an hour or so back when I told him I’d be shifting those books to the library.”
Rick looks back up reflexively and ends up making eye contact. He forgets to look away again, but neither does the guy, and damn, what do you even
“No problem,” Sam replies, ruffling Cas’ hair. “Kevin and I are gonna head off to bed, so you guys better go to sleep at some point.”
“If you have the time to snark, then you can try finding a weather manipulation spell in there while you’re at it,” Sam says shortly, closing his book with a thump. Kevin stares at him, brows raised.
Sam crosses his arms in front of his chest, patient but skeptical even faced with Dean’s frustration. “Say a lie.”
Cas frowns thoughtfully for a moment before shaking his head. “Half,” he says, before remembering to tack on a “Please,” at the end. Sam bites back a smile as he pours Cas’ refill. He sets the carton on the counter and reaches for his coffee. He’s just about to take a sip when he notices the slight side-eye Kevin gives him while he manages the pans on the stove. Sam colors a bit as he straightens up, but Kevin rolls his eyes, turning his attention back to the stove, with a muttered “Plates,” in Sam’s direction. Sam moves quickly to comply.
“It was the only thing in the pantry other than pop tarts, and uh,” Sam rubs at the back of his neck, “I can’t really cook.”
“What’s-” he starts to say, straightening up, when he suddenly realizes that no, the cat comment didn’t stay inside his head where it was
“I don’t mind,” Cas says with the tiniest hint of a smile curling at the corner of his mouth. “I believe it would be hypocritical of me when your brother often tells me I stare too much. But if you want to ask me something, just ask.”
Sam nods, smiling slightly. “Good. That’s great, Cas.” He glances at the haphazard pile next to his table. “Fingers crossed I should have it done by tonight.”
“I don’t think we even get this much rain up in Michigan. Can’t imagine that this is normal weather for Kansas, even for February. Any chance you pissed off a weather goddess?” Kevin says.
He lets Sam get started on breakfast before trying to broach the subject of tonight’s game plan. “So… about that ‘night out’ thing,” Dean starts, pouring pancake batter into the pan.
Dean bites back a sigh, taking a sip of his coffee as he watches him brush past Sam and out the kitchen. He frowns. The bastard made a pretty decent cup of coffee after all.
“That’s not-” Dean says, trailing off when he sees the amused glint in Cas’ eye. “Ha ha, very funny.”
“More records,” Sam replies immediately with a wry half-smile. “Ones that actually have useful details in them.”
“The body I’m in, the clothes I’m wearing,” Cas says, indicating his body, “they don’t belong to me. But at least these things – what you call junk – are
To clarify, this takes place in a slightly different season 8, one where Cas got out of Purgatory with Dean (instead of being yanked out by the angels) but ended up pretty drained of grace after being there for so long / struggling to get out. As such things progressed quite a bit differently.
He looks at the kids more closely. Cas’ shirt is hanging off of one shoulder, barely reaching mid-thigh. Dean’s shirt is as good as a dress on him, brushing his ankles as he walks, albeit one that looks like it’s going to fall off if he moves wrong.
Cas bumps into Sam as he’s leaving the last storeroom. He gives Sam a hopeful look, expression falling when Sam shakes his head.
Cas wanders back in a short while later, looking a little less like a worn doormat, two bottles of water in hand. He hands one to Sam.
a good perk,” she agrees. “Hey, you wanna stick around while my baby does her work? I could use the company.”
“No, I understand the concept, it’s a rudimentary barter system,” Cas says, waving his hand in front of him to dismiss Dean’s statement. It’s still weird every time Dean notices another mannerism Cas has managed to pick up and emulate in decent human mimicry after years of being as stiff as a tree. “I just don’t understand how it applies to us.”
Sam sighs. “Fair enough. All that’d ever happen is small talk.” Cas wasn’t exactly gearing up to become the local gossip when he’s struggling to trundle through it now.
Sam hadn’t drunk as much last night, stopping after the second beer and switching to water so he could drive them home after, which means he wanders into the kitchen a little while later mostly awake and clear-headed instead of hungover.
They even managed to get Kevin into one, which, to be honest, Dean is a little impressed by. That is, the act of getting him into one, not the sweater itself seeing as he never pegged the guy to be the festive type. The sweater even fits the typical Christmas fare - colored a weird purple-red shade with reindeers prancing across it with snowflakes falling on his shoulders. Sam’s sitting next to him in a ridiculous red sweater with skiing penguins on it that he’d probably have forced on Sam as a kid just to irritate him. Cas is sitting across from them wearing a dark blue sweater with snowflakes in white and gray along the middle; it’s the most normal looking one of all of them even with Charlie’s sitting next to him sporting a navy blue Star Wars sweater.
“You’re sure?” Dean asks skeptically. “Cuz I don’t wanna have to keep an eye out for a dog-headed Egyptian god looking to chomp on my heart anytime soon. I didn’t sign up for this when I agreed to help you.”
“It’s a bad book,” Sam reassures him, watching the fire eat up the spellbook and hex bags. “Bad books are supposed to be burned.”
He turns the oven back on to preheat and goes to prepare a new batch of dough for the pie crust. His hand slips as he measures out the flour, causing a cloud of it to rise up into the air. He sneezes twice and looks down in exasperation at the flour now dusting the counter top.
“How are you not inebriated yet?” He asks sulkily and with the slightest bit of slurring, leaning heavily against the pool table. Dean’s almost certain he imagines the slight redness to his cheeks in the dim light of the bar.
Crowley shrugs, arms half-raised in an aborted gesture of surrender. “Seeing as you own some responsibility for my current state, I thought to see about breakfast.”
“You’ve done more for this world than anyone will ever know, Sam. This is just one in a list of those things.”
you, okay?” Dean blurts out. Cas isn’t dumb, he might miss social cues a shit ton of times, but he has to understand what Dean means because he’s not sure he’s able to put it in more explicit terms. (He has to. Or Dean’s gonna end up choking on his own tongue trying to make it more clear. And he will, if that’s what he needs to do.)
“Fine,” Sam sighs. “Keep avoiding him. You don’t seem all that bothered with how long this is going to last anyway.”
Parking the car in front of the bunker’s entrance, Sam gets out and gently nudges the kids awake and out of the car. He ushers them into the bunker, closing the door behind him with a quiet, solid thud. He heads down the stairs, stopping next to the map table when he realizes the kids aren’t behind him. Confused, he looks around, only to find the kids still up on the landing, staring in wide-eyed fascination down at the war room. He rolls his eyes, a small smile playing at his lips as he wanders into the library, listening for any sounds of Kevin’s presence in the bunker. He hears two sets of light footsteps behind him as the kids finally clamber down the stairs, but nothing else. Climbing the two steps into the library proper, he calls out, “Kevin! Kev, you here?!”
Sam raises a brow. “I’ve been asking you if you wanted to come with me and the kids to the park since last week. You keep shooting me down.”
He floors it to the nearest Walmart, trying to give Kevin a call on the way so that he can give him a heads up on the situation. It goes straight to voicemail.
“What?” Kevin says, looking up from his phone. He turns around and comes face to face with an alpaca, serenely chewing at the strip of his shirt it had managed to tear off.
Dean obeys immediately, even as ‘Billie’ croons, “Oh, don’t worry angel, you know I’m not here for him.”
“Do you,” Sam starts hesitantly, “do you remember?” He and Kevin had decided early on that they wouldn’t clue the kids in on what was wrong with their situation. Even after the fight he’d had with Dean and because of how things had gone down, they’d made sure to be vague with the kids. It wouldn’t do any good if they knew, other than being an unnecessary burden to bear of something they couldn’t even remember.
“Most of it is a jumble of half translated phonetic Greek and Aramaic I think, and the rest is probably whatever they were able to make sense of the text translated into old school Latin.” Kevin scratches at his jaw. “I didn’t exactly study AP Latin so there’s a chance I’m way off the mark, but I think those words there,” he points at one paragraph, “say something about transformations and reversing it. If I’m right, there’s even a list of the ingredients for a counter-spell, but it’s hard to make out.”
“You tried to. That still matters,” Sam replies. He frowns as he runs that through his head again before looking at Cas a little more intently. “That’s what you were trying to do back then, wasn’t it? Get him out of the way?”
Dean freezes up, still staring at the feather, his hand only an inch or two away from making contact with it. “Uh…”
He hurries through his shower before heading to the kitchen to get started on breakfast. He might be of better use in the library than he was in the kitchen, but he’s not about to foist all of that on Kevin on top of having the guy help him with the spell research they’ve been doing the past few days. He’s got some idea on making the simple stuff at least. Of course, of all of them, Dean was undoubtedly the best cook, but since he was currently somewhere around four years old, Sam wasn't in a hurry to let him get near the cooking knives or stove, attended or otherwise.
In the weeks after Dean had been purged of the mark of Cain, things don’t immediately fall back into an easy, familiar pattern as everyone had hoped. Dean, always willing to hold a grudge - even towards people who were trying to save him, was still smarting at Sam almost killing himself to save Dean
Sam coughs quietly, clearing his throat to get rid of the uncomfortable, scratchy feeling and takes a moment to think it over. He clears his throat again when the feeling persists, and says, “I’m not much of a fan of hangovers either, so I don’t usually drink much. Water usually helps with getting the headache to go down a bit. Can’t really help with the nausea though; people have different things that work for them, so I can’t really suggest anything.”
He can’t say this kind of thing will happen often – regardless of the outcome of whether they can undo the spell or not – but he wouldn't complain if it happened once in a while. It’s nice to be able to enjoy the simple things they fought and died to save.
“I’m game.” Kevin closes his book with a smirk. “You better be ready for me to wipe the floor with you, Winchester.”
“The words ‘Crowley’ and ‘drinking buddy’ shouldn’t ever be in the same thought-space. The limey bastard’s been keeping to his room well enough since you insisted on moving him there, he’ll survive one more night. Worst case, we get Kevin to keep an eye on him for a couple of hours.”
“Don’t be too mad at him, he’s just not feeling well. It’s probably for the best since we don’t want you catching it too,” Sam says eventually, figuring he might as well attempt to console him before his mood spirals even more. It doesn't particularly work considering Cas is still glaring at him like all of this is his fault – which it kinda is. Sam sighs quietly, knowing it's up to him to fix the problem he made.
“She didn’t let me go that far in being an idiot on the few dates we had, couldn’t go back home to Ben completely sloshed.”
“You boys want a refill?” she asks, voice more or less even, and not judgmental sounding at the two weird guys she’s serving.
He finds himself mulling over the last few days as he runs. They’d all been falling into new routines, with him and Kevin spending most of their time poring over whatever books they could find while the kids were parked in front of the TV in Sam’s room watching cartoons more often than not. Sam’s not too keen on the bad habits he’s building with them by doing this, but the distraction of the few coloring books he’d bought only lasted so long.
“It makes the most sense, Dean,” Cas said. “I have two bedrooms. We can make my office be the bedroom for you and Ben.”
“Okay, okay, slow down, Dean,” Cas said. “Can you even be sure this child is yours? Or that she’s dead?”
my father, and that was true long before dad died,” Sam said. “So suck it up, and stop letting a baby’s whims determine your mood.”
Angelina frowned. “But if Ben ever wants to talk about Lisa, or you ever have any questions… I’m here. I’m always here for you and Ben.”
“Yeah, Cas thought he was pressuring you or taking advantage of you or some bullshit,” Gabe said as he popped a chocolate into his mouth.
“Okay, it’s time for Ben’s afternoon nap,” Cas said as he scooped Ben up into his arms. “You two should get going too. Dean, can you pick up some diapers and milk while you’re out?”
She burst into tears. “I can’t do this. You don’t understand. When Lisa asked if I could take Ben…” She took a deep breath. “I said yes, obviously I said yes. She’s my best friend, and of course I didn’t want Ben to be at risk of getting sick. But it was supposed to be for a month. Two months. Three months, maybe, tops. She wasn’t… It wasn’t supposed to be like this. I can’t… I can’t be a mom. I never wanted to be a mom, ever. I was just supposed to be the… fun aunty. I can’t do this.
Cas sighed. “Dean… I’m just more used to babies than you are. My parents constantly got foster kids, often babies, and I have three younger siblings, including two who are substantially younger. You know this.”
“I don’t know what I’m going to do, Cas,” Dean continued. “I could ask Bobby for help, but he’s not financially stable at the best of times. With the salvage yard shut down… I don’t know what to do. And like fucking Hell would I ever ask
“I wouldn’t have rejected you, you idiot!” Cas yelled back. “I’ve wanted you from the moment I first saw your stupid perfect face!”
Cas started being more physical in general, sitting close enough that their thighs barely touched or resting his legs on Dean’s lap. They never took it further to full on cuddling, but it was still incredibly addictive. There was no way Dean was going to point it out and risk making it weird.
“We slept together. She said she was on the pill. It… it doesn’t matter,” Dean said. “She died of coronavirus yesterday.”
“But then I still must be doing something wrong!” Dean said. “You learned how to do it right, so what am I doing wrong?”
“Kinda maybe,” Cas said. “I just… We were, uh, you know, getting more physically affectionate, and you didn’t know I had feelings for you. It seemed dishonest and unfair.”
,” Cas said. “And who drove to pick up Ben the day after you found out he existed? Who has been staying up with him while he goes through some kind of sleep regression? Who has been feeding him and changing him and reading a book every night to him?”
Dean wanted to object, but then Cas’s lips were on his again, and Dean no longer had any complaints with the world. That feeling was quickly dashed when Ben pushed a bowl off his high chair’s tray and started to laugh. Dean pulled away and rested his forehead against Cas’s. He pecked one more kiss against Cas’s lips and then pulled away to clean up Ben’s mess.
“Look, there’s really no good way for me to say this, but… Dean, look, I’m not sure...Lisa passed away this afternoon,” she said.
Sam asked. “Dean, you can’t just trust that this is all true. You need a paternity test. You need to figure out what your legal obligations are. I can get you in touch with someone at my office that deals with custody--”
“You’re not doing anything wrong, Dean, he probably just can sense that you’re stressed,” Cas said. “And, you know, he’s going through a lot. Separation anxiety is a real problem at this age and he lost his mom and then lost the next person who took care of him, too. And he’s teething. It’s a lot for a little baby who doesn’t yet understand his emotions.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “I just had to fall in love with the most emotionally constipated moron that ever--”
” Dean said in utter confusion. “I thought she was a yoga instructor? Look, I think you might have the wrong Dean. I barely knew Lisa.”
,” she said. “I can’t tell you how many times I begged Lisa to tell you, to try to get you involved in his life. Maybe she was right all along.”
“Everything Lisa gave me,” she answered. “I have his playpen, a high chair, a stroller, a crib, a car seat, a bunch of diapers and formula, a mountain of clothes and bibs and toys…Lisa has more stuff at her place, but...” Her voice got heavy as she said, “We can’t go there. One of her work friends gave me her phone and purse, but… they said it wouldn’t be safe to go into her apartment yet.”
“Who took the crusts off Sam’s sandwiches? Who made sure he got into bed on time and got to school in the morning? Who helped him get into college and eventually law school?”
“Dean?” Cas asked in a worried tone as he walked back into the room. He looked terrified, and it just made Dean feel worse. He tried to force himself to tell Cas he was okay, but no words were coming.
Cas tightened his grip around Dean, and Dean ran his fingers soothingly up and down Cas’s back until they both fell asleep in each other’s arms.
Cas dropped his hand and frowned. “Right, of course. I think I heard Ben fussing. I’ll go get him up from his nap. Call for me when you’re ready.”
They didn’t actually finish unloading the apartment and moving his stuff into Cas’s place until Monday night. He gave his landlord notice, and then donated the furniture and belongings he had that wouldn’t fit into Cas’s apartment. It was weird, planning life and apartment plans with Cas. It was so close to everything he’d been fantasizing for years, and yet so very wrong. Cas didn’t really
He couldn’t stop smiling, and every time he’d look at Cas and see his own joy, their smiles would grow wider. He took every excuse he could to walk up to Cas and shower him in affection, even though he knew he was distracting him from work. Luckily, Cas didn’t really seem to mind. Even Ben seemed to pick up on his happiness and squealed happily and laughed when Dean picked him up and twirled him around. He loved hearing his son be happy, so he kept twirling him around over and over to hear him laugh again.
He didn’t know what he was doing. He didn’t know why he agreed to be a father. He was the worst possible person to be a father.
“Yeah, well, maybe he should talk to me about it instead of complaining to my little brother,” Dean said.
“I was scared, Dean. I thought you didn’t share my feelings, and I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable or risk having you and Ben leave,” Cas said.
Dean had never felt so exhausted or incompetent. Having to wake up to console his son in the middle of the night and sleeping on an air mattress was getting to him. They hadn’t been able to get his bed from his apartment yet, because they didn’t know how to move it without leaving Ben behind or asking someone to break quarantine.
And the isolation… It was driving him crazy. He really wished Sam had waited a little bit longer to move in with Jess. He was doing nearly daily Netflix parties and FaceTime chats with Cas, but he missed human contact. He felt so alone. He felt so jealous whenever he talked to Sam and Jess or Charlie and Dorothy. At least they had some company while they went through this. All he had was a laptop and a phone to connect him to other people, and he wasn’t even sure how long he’d be able to keep paying for his cable or cell phone plans.
"When was that? You never mentioned even once trying to call him." My mom said looking at me with concern in her eyes
Eventually I ended back up on the sand shores of the beach, all alone with the sun setting in the background. Strolling down an empty beach alone debating on whether or not I should leave home again. I didn’t have to be anywhere for another month, I had time. But did I have the heart to stay here when everything was telling me to run away as fast as I could. Did I even really want to stay? Or did I just want Dean?
"No. I'll be fine." And he put the car in drive and tore off down the road , driving well over the speed limit.
"It would make sense, today marks nine years since he left." My mom spoke, reaching back to grab my hand, giving it a soft squeeze. "But why would he come back? I think it'll be okay."
The night I realized I loved Dean Winchester. The boy who I'd texted as a joke when I had felt like I was dying inside, had become the one person I fell for, hard. The fear that I had after that night was a part of the reason I left, the fear that I would get too attached to be able to leave. I knew what he was like, he would never want to leave and I thought somewhere deep down that I would stay if I got too close to him. Of all people, I had to meet the one person who could make me stay, in fact for three years he did just that. Kept the calling for adventures in my soul to go silent.  The idea that he was an adventure enough somehow had settled in my bones when we first met. Though he was someone who kept my mind spinning, always unable to read how he was feeling.
There was something about this place that had always been magical, something that made it a home. And here I was closing the door on what use to be my home, but was now just filled with faded memories and forgotten time. Closing the door I leaned back onto it letting out a deep breath, why did remembering have to be so hard? Why had I chosen this book to write, and why now? It just seemed like the universe wanted me to go through it all over again. Getting up I walked away from the most gentle home I'd ever lived in. The home that I once thought would never lose it's warmth, and yet here it was, cold as ice.
"And what are you going to do if he is home?" My dad asked looking at me through the mirror with a raised brow.
I've started to edit the first few chapters, I'll be uploading a little bit less because I feel like I'm rushing this story I little bit. But I'm going to try and update at least once a week.
As the Car stopped in front of the house I felt every ounce of confidence for coming back here I'd built up over the last three hours crumbled away. With everyone standing on the porch staring at the car I felt like a child again, emotions flooded my body. Fear, love, anticipation, excitement. Opening the car door I stepped out into the thick air of the summer, and instantly was met with my entire family trying to hug me all at once.
"Dean listen, Cas- Castiel went silent on everyone. He didn't tell anyone he was leaving, and he didn't even contact his mom for a year. It's not just you he shut out, I know you blame yourself for not seeing something but he was a grown up, nobody could've stopped him." She comforted me.
"I called him every night for three months, left a message every night asking to call me back and let me know that he was alive and safe. And you know what he did? Blocked my number."
Standing up I walked out of the diner, I couldn’t stay in for another minute, I was scared of staying because I was scared of judgement. I walked for hours, visiting old shops and talking with old friends. But eventually I started walking towards the beach, walking down the old cracked and uneven sidewalks. The sky was beginning to erupt with colors as the sun set on what was suppose to be my second to last day here, maybe I would push back my flight, there were so many people to visit and talk to that I hadn’t had the chance to yet, but deep down I knew I wanted to stay because it gave me more time to bump into Dean.
"When have I ever? I want you to live your dreams Castiel." There was betrayal in her eyes "I just wished we could have planned your adventures together so I would know that you were safe. That's all I ever wanted, you to be safe."
"Ok well, if that changes just know you don't have to write the rest, it's okay to put the pen down and just stop."
The drive seemed to fly past after that song. For the remainder of the car ride we talked all about the things I had done and seen during the last nine years. After three hours of driving we drove past the old sign saying we were entering town. In nine years nothing had changed, the same restaurants still stood in the same building, the same people walked the streets, the only thing that had changed was now I looked at the town as an outsider. I used to know everyone who roamed the streets, every face was familiar, and now? Now I could only recognize the aged appearances of people who had grown old in my absence. The fear spiked in the back of my mind staring at the strangers before me that I used to know. That was one of the things the rest of the world offered, everything changed in the blink of an eye. But here it was always the same. It hit like a slap in the face, realizing that years ago, it was the change in life that really made me feel at home.
The tears were blurring my vision now, the one person I had trusted so endlessly had no trust in me even back when we were friends. But maybe she was right, maybe I was too scared to stay, but I would have come home. Because that’s what Dean would’ve wanted, I would have followed him like he’d followed me.
"Yeah yeah just go." Her head was swiveling about, searching for someone or something. But her eyes never seemed to find whatever they were looking for. Until we both saw it, the black car roll up, windows tinted as dark as could be. I swallowed hard knowing who it was already.
"How was your nap? You're not gonna sleep tonight for sure." My mom laughed, her smile warm even through the chilly night.
"Don't you ever leave like that again, do you hear me." She scolded, pulling away from the hug, smacking my arms.
"I know, but you didn't even tell us you were leaving. We woke up and you were gone and all we had was a voicemail saying you were going to France." Tears were in her eyes as she pulled me back into a hug "I knew you wanted to leave, but I thought you would at least tell one of us when the day came."
"Well aren't you happy for a sunday afternoon." She smiled, pushing a plate of pancakes and bacon towards me "I thought you'd never wake up. I heard you come home last night and figured we ought to leave you alone. Did you get any writing done yesterday?"
The airport seemed more packed than usual for a Sunday morning, though I didn't really mind it. The air was warm against my skin, something I had missed since I'd moved to New York. Even the crowds that swarmed the airport didn't compare to the crowded streets of New York City. But the excitement of being home again was already simmering within me. Even in the couple of months since I'd been home last the weather had changed dramatically from spring rainstorms to blistering heat of summer. I'd missed it here, even the short time I'd been gone felt like a lifetime. Scanning over the airport I just felt calm, lost in the crowd.
Dean nods in agreement, “Yeah, James. Jim-bo.” He’s testing the name out to not mix it up in the future like he has a million times before with a million other names, but he’s also painstakingly avoiding the word Jimmy. He continues: “Have a sunny day.” There’s that grin again.
Later, Sam speculates to Dean that Castiel is in the same boat as they are: not fully able to accept everything is over. And, maybe a little bored.
And it’s true, he is, though he’s not entirely sure what he’s saving up for. Every Friday he gets a paycheck and brings it to the check cashing place in town. After the fee, and groceries, and necessities he carefully stores what little he has left in the locked glove compartment of his car, under the book with the clover in it. It’s not adding up to particularly much.
“Took you long enough,” Dean teases as he pulls back onto the road, but it’s an act and they both know it.
There’s a diner attached to the truck stop and a few others just off the main road in town but Cas has never been to any of them. Dean picks one on a whim because the sign has a 1950’s pinup girl in a skimpy waitress uniform on it.
It’s the very end of summer and Mia is moving into the brick house with the little fireplace and the big backyard. She’s insisting on painting the walls, and getting rid of the seashell art. She keeps the Bob Ross knockoffs though, says she finds them calming after a stressful work day.
And, there it is. The ghost of Rexford sits heavy between them, though it’s been years since then. Cas realizes belatedly that being back at a gas station might have caught Dean off guard, or felt like a dig at him. He doesn’t know how to explain that it’s just bad luck, and he’s not sure Dean would believe him if he did.
Cas nods slowly. “Claire’s been looking into it, but can’t seem to find any relevant patterns. I thought you two might know something.”
Instead, Dean jerks off in the shower, gets dressed, and writes Sam a note. Then he gets in the Impala and takes off.
They hear through the grapevine that Jack brought Castiel back first. That it was Cas who scooped everyone who wanted to be scooped out of heaven and popped them back into existence outside the bunker, but the angel doesn’t stick around. He’s not at the big spontaneous party that ensues, and he doesn’t show up in the weeks afterward where everyone hangs around the bunker getting their bearings and planning out their new lives.
Castiel thanks them and then he’s gone. In the distance Dean hears the clink of the seashell wind chimes on the front porch.
Castiel continues to pop up in the corner of Dean’s eye from time to time when he’s out, until one day Dean gets fed up and yells “Knock it off!” To a very confused Buffalo Wild Wings employee.
When Cas wakes up, Dean is on his way back to Kansas. Cas checks his phone for the time and realizes he’s been out for almost the whole day and it’s getting dark again. There’s a text phone from Dean, saying Sam finally had his breakthrough based on what Cas had said. Sam had found the book and thinks they have a real shot at saving those people now. Dean’s off to pick him up and continue back to Little Rock.
“Is this about Buffalo Wild Wings, man?” He asks. He keeps his tone light, like an exasperated joke.
Sam shakes his head and gives him a flat smile that doesn’t reach his eyes. He takes his things but leaves the twenty. Says, “See you around, Cas.” He pauses for a moment, and seems to debate something with himself. Then: “Check in sometimes if you can, okay? You know how Dean gets when he gets worried.”
But, Dean’s not entirely sure he wants to be happy, it would be a pretty foreign feeling after all this time. In fact, Dean’s not sure he wants anything, anymore. Except for Sam to be happy and Cas to be home, with him. He doesn’t think he’ll ever finish processing what Castiel had said to him the last time they had seen each other but Dean reserves the right to try.
“Yeah,” he says, “You’ll be here so… he’ll be okay. I think this is good. Right? A good change? You guys are, ah, good? Together?”
People are disappearing for days at a time, then reappearing as though nothing happened. The last thing any of them can remember is a flash of bright light over the Mill Run River. Claire is there checking it out and Castiel had been keeping an eye on her, and recently started providing an assist when needed. They’ve hit a dead end with their research.
“Huh,” Sam says after he reads the definition out loud. If Dean didn’t know better he’d think his brother sounded a little smug.
Dean looks through the mirror at the back seat more often than he should, and especially when this line of thinking wiggles its way into his brain. He doesn’t find anything there, doesn’t expect to, but keeps looking anyway.
He still wants to get mad, he wants to yell and and throw things and ask Cas what the fuck happened back then, to please just spell out how he feels, but the truth is, Dean’s not sure he’s brave enough to hear the answer. You don’t avoid someone for a year for no reason and it’s all kind of a headache.
Mia tells a grizzly story about an ER case involving a wood chipper and a truckload of watermelons which enthralls Dean. Castiel covers Leo’s ears while she tells it, but nods along, fascinated. Sam’s heard the story before but enjoys the company, and he keeps looking hopefully between Dean and Castiel. Dean pretends not to notice, but some part of him wants to chuck a fork at Sam’s head.
“Dean.” Cas says his name like it’s a warning. Dean knows Cas might bail out at any moment, so he stops kidding around.
He tends to think about the same couple of things on repeat. How at this age people are supposed to have families. A kid, a job, something, something. It’s an old wound for him, and he’s gotten tired of rubbing salt in it but there was a time when he wanted a normal life so badly it hurt to even think about. And now, with the possibility laid out for the taking he’s hesitant to pick it up, and that sucks too. He thinks he might be a little jealous of Eileen, figuring out what she truly wanted so quickly and then acting on it. Then he thinks about Lisa, but only for a moment.
These are Cas’ favorite kind of mornings, and they’ve been happening more and more since he got back but he doesn’t know exactly what to make of it. He does not allow himself the luxury of optimism.
Dean pats him on the shoulder. In exchange, Dean promises to check in with Sam every day, and call if they ever need help with anything. Dean plans to, and misses Sam already but knows it’s time.
Sam still gives him sad, searching looks when Dean comes back from a stint on the road, but says nothing. Dean pretends not to notice. They still haven’t had their fight, but the tension is palpable between them.
Resigned, Castiel replies with absolutely no irony but a bit of pettiness, “Should I have not saved you from those vampire clowns, then? I’m sorry, Dean, I couldn’t help myself. I had hoped you’d be able to outlive John, at least.”
So, he decides to get a job as a distraction, and because that’s what people do. He works from home as a research assistant with a carefully crafted and entirely fake resume Sam helped him come up with. It’s easy work for someone like Cas, but it passes the time and gives him new things to think about, and new people to talk to. He has work friends, and he likes them. Sometimes they see Dean walking around behind Cas when he’s in a meeting and they ask him if that’s his partner. Cas decides to reply with “yes” because it’s easier and more work appropriate than explaining it in full. Besides, mostly they just want to see the dog.
Sam and Dean end up renting a house just outside Saint Cloud, Minnesota. It’s a single storey brick building with a little fireplace and a big backyard. Two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen. A living room with enough space for a couch, a tv, and a bookshelf. Ugly yellow-tan walls and blue checkered tablecloths, Bob Ross knock offs and seashell art.
When they do ask conversationally about how he came to move there, he considers lying and saying his great aunt left them the house when she passed, but he knows from experience these communities are small enough that little lies can come back to bite him in the ass so instead he says, “We’re both trying to get back on our feet after breakups.” In some ways it’s true, and Sam is actually a little relieved to not be making it up.
