that. Please," Cas breathes from beneath him, his hands holding either side of Dean's face. Somehow, he must have known that Dean needed to hear those words to actually
At first, Dean’s prayers had been… frantic. There’s no other way to describe them. He had clearly been frightened. Badly. There was nothing Castiel wanted more than to find him, seek him out, and protect him. But after spending any amount of time thinking about it, he realized that ultimately, Dean would be much safer without him. So every day, he listens to the sound of Dean’s prayers in his head, and lets them put him at ease.
They’re a little better now, scabbed over, and they don’t bleed anymore. He doesn’t need constant bandages over them any longer, but Dean still puts them on him before bed in case any of them reopen in the night.
Cas is. "Cas, baby, are you sure you're okay? Are you sure I'm not hurting you?" he asks, bottoming out and pressing his hips flush against Cas'.
“Dude. You came over at like ten a.m. It’s almost four in the afternoon. Get something you’ll fuckin’ eat,” Dean grumbles.
Cas shakes his head into the kiss as he reaches his hands upward to tangle in Dean's hair. It's a little longer than it used to be, but - no. That can't be right. It's always been this long. It's always curled a little right at the nape of his neck. Everything is how it always has been as Dean starts to ruck Cas' shirt up, only breaking the kiss to pull it over his head.
Every day, Dean would pocket the mixtape he’d made Cas when he went to the meadow where he’d spread his ashes. He’d found it in Cas’ coat pocket when he’d taken it off to burn his body. He’d kept that, too, and it sits draped over the chair at his desk. The mixtape, though, he’d carried with him everywhere. He’d hoped, feebly, that somehow Cas would find a way to haunt him. That he’d turn around a corner in a grocery store in Lebanon and he’d see the ghost of Cas, standing there waiting to be seen.
is he sweating so much, Jesus — and stands up to move to the couch. He sits, and Cas sits next to him and flips on the TV. He hands Dean the remote, “You can put on whatever you’d like. I don’t watch much TV,” he admits.
Jack shakes his head some more, but still doesn’t get up from where he’s kneeling on the ground. He’s picking up the broken pieces of the mug, now, holding them in his hands. Dean thinks briefly about how he shouldn’t be letting Jack handle sharp pieces of something broken, but he doesn’t say anything. Or, well,
Dean doesn't know when he started pacing, but he’s walking up and down the length of the living room and everyone’s watching him.
Cas shakes his head. “None of that. You’re fine, that’s good. Just breathe, eyes on me. Hands on me. I’m here.” Cas draws him forward so that his head is pressed into his t-shirt, effectively soaking his shoulder in tears. “It’s okay. Whatever happened, it’s over. I’ve got you,” Cas whispers soothingly, and Dean crumbles. His arms wrap around Cas’ shoulders and he hangs on for dear life, long after his cries have softened. If he pulls back, he has to face this. He has to look at Cas in the eyes and know that he just had some sort of weird flashback/panic attack combo right in front of him.
“Yeah, but when? I mean — how long do I have to just — be alone? Before he comes home to me?” Dean asks, and he finally wraps his arms around Cas. Their fights never last very long. Dean can’t help himself. The physical pull toward Cas is like the world's largest goddamn magnet — he can’t resist it. He doesn’t even want to.
“Castiel,” she says slowly. If Dean wasn’t convinced before, he sure is now. Missouri could’ve lied about his dad calling, but — Dean hadn’t told John Cas’ name.
They pull up to the party and Cas has a little trouble parking her, so Dean does that part for him. “Sorry,” Cas says sheepishly, but Dean waves a hand.
Dean gets up and walks around to the other side of the table. For good measure, he leans down and wraps one of his arms around Sam. He pats him twice on the chest, and turns to head back to his room.
At least when he makes his way into the bathroom, he feels some type of relief. Sweating is just… gross, and it leaves him damp and sticky, and he just doesn’t care for it. Not at all.
Mary pulls back and kisses his forehead, then ruffles his hair. She points at Cas, “Get over here,” she says fondly, opening her arms for a hug.
Dean nods. He agrees, and he thinks they both need it. He knows that he does. “Wanna lay back down? We can watch TV. I’m sure we can find something halfway decent,” he says, and Cas is already tugging him up the length of the bed and under the covers. Dean shucks off his jeans because — well, who the fuck is laying in bed watching TV all day with their fucking pants on? Nobody. Cas follows suit, and Dean grabs the remote before tucking himself up under Cas’ arm with his head on his chest.
Dean's head is buried in Cas' neck as happy tears slip out of his eyes. Judging by the wet spot Dean can feel forming on his shoulder, so is Cas. Dean pulls back and looks at him. He runs a shaky hand through Cas' hair, and trails it down to hold his face.
“Yes, Dean. I…” Cas trails off, eyes downcast toward Dean’s hold on him. Dean bets Cas can feel his pulse through his hand with how hard his heart is racing.
"Sammy, wait," Dean sighs, stepping back from Cas. "I made lunch. Eat," he suggests, handing Sam the plate with what was originally his own sandwich on it.
Dean shakes his head again. “Of course I do,” he spits, his tone laced with bitterness. “‘Cause you wanna get home so fuckin’ bad to some bastard that kicked you out of your home without so much as a goddamn place to sleep at night. ‘Cause I’m not good enough, even though I make sure we got a roof over your damn head and food in your stomach at least once a day. You — you wanna go back to starving on the goddamn streets just to get away from me,” he says, and the words are pouring out of him — he couldn’t stop them if he tried. “And you know what the worst part is?” he asks, and then he’s standing up, and — and this is about to become their second fight of the day. “I get it. I fuckin’
Cas smiles against his skin, trails kisses further down his abdomen. Dean lifts one leg up, pressing his foot flat to the mattress so his knee is in the air. Cas takes ahold of his other leg, right around his calf, and moves it so it’s in the same position. Dean’s heart stutters in his chest. It’s almost like—
The ride to the hospital is eerily silent. Neither of them reach to turn on the radio, and the silence is a physical weight on Dean’s shoulders. They have no idea what they’re walking into with Anna. Her mom had made it sound pretty awful, and he’s worried. He’s worried he won’t recognize Anna, that Anna won’t recognize
Dean pats him on the shoulder and heads out of his apartment, letting Cas lead the way down to the car. He bumps his shoulder, knowing that Cas is probably anxious about both driving the car, and the party he’s driving it to. “Hey, you’ll do fine. And the party’ll be fun. I promise,” he says.
Dean leans in close, and they're sharing the same air now. "Well, are you gonna kiss me goodnight or do I have to do everything myself?" he teases.
He and Cas haven’t exactly had the sexuality conversation, but they really don’t need to. Cas seems even less interested in people in general than Dean is. He seems pretty excited for another game of spin the bottle, though, taking another swig with a smile on his face.
“I’m good here, thanks. I don’t need you calling my brother to come pick me up, Cas. I’m a big boy,” Dean snaps, and Cas recoils. He sits back down on the bed with a huff.
“No, you deserve to know. I was the one prodding around in your head. Which, again, sorry.” Dean winces, but he continues, “And then the… the dinner. I saw a little bit of that. And I saw myself hug you, and I… you looked so happy, man.
“Can I remove these?” Cas asks. He always asks. He snaps at the band of Dean’s boxers which makes him jump. He’s more than a little on-edge right now, nervous for what’s to come. Whatever it is, he wants it, even if it’s something they’ve never done.
“You need to know that your father…” Mary starts, trails off. “His death wasn’t exactly an accident.”
His belongings are scarce, but he has a few items that he holds near and dear to his heart. Dean had bought him a small bee-shaped night light when he’d accepted their invitation to live at the bunker. He’s pretty sure that Dean got it for him as a joke, but he loves it. Leaves it plugged in all the time. The soft glow of it is comforting.
The first time, they're on a case. Some cut and dry salt-and-burn in rural Missouri. It's Cas' first case since becoming human. They pull into the only motel in the town, and book a room for the night. Only problem is, they only have singles left. Well, whatever. He can do this, right? He's shared beds with Sammy before when this has happened. Sam's a kicker, so Dean just hopes that Cas isn't.
He knows that Cas is probably only borrowing his clothes more because they fit him better, since Sam's a fucking giant. Dean tries not to think about this, he just wants to believe that Cas likes the way he smells, or some stupid shit.
It’s Dean’s turn to groan then, and he picks up the pace of his hand. He uses a little bit more pressure, circles the flat of his palm around the head of Castiel’s cock to make him shake and writhe with pleasure every few upstrokes. “Yeah, Cas. All yours,” he breathes, and he sucks another mark into Castiel’s skin.
Sam joins them halfway through their meal, and Dean turns his nose up at the sight of Sam’s veggie bacon. “I don’t know how you eat that crap, man,” he scoffs, tearing into a piece of his own bacon.
, he reminds himself. The Empty clearly has no interest in taking Dean with it, so he has to let go, because there’s nothing solid under his hands once the sludge slides beneath them. It’s like — he wants to say water, but that’s not right. It’s like
Anna tells them all exactly what went down, and she also shares a pretty key piece of information with them. “The angels are locking themselves away in Heaven,” she says. “They’re grateful to you, to
Regardless, Cas listens to him and slips back into his bedroom and comes back out with the rings on. Dean really should’ve jerked off in the shower or something, because he is in
Dean sucks it up long enough to eat some pie, chit-chat a little, and by then it’s 4 o’clock and he’s been here for three and half hours. He’s tired, he wants to be home with Cas, and he wants to call Anna.
Dean nods his head, turning to look at Cas. He leans in and presses their lips together for just a moment before pulling back and pulling the keys from the ignition. He steps out of the car, and he feels frozen again until Cas is by his side, his arm looped through Dean’s own. He slowly and gently urges Dean forward, like he’s a frightened dog in need of coaxing with food. He supposes this isn’t
They pay Beck before they leave, and they leave them a hefty tip. Cas had left them a five dollar bill, which was about a 20% tip in the first place, but Dean threw down another fiver before they left, just because Beck was cool about it when they caught the two of them touching in a way that most straight dudes just… don’t. Dean shoots them an extra smile and a wave as they leave, just because.
“Are you sure? You don’t have to take the air mattress, Dean, I can sleep nearly anywhere,” Cas says. “I really don’t wish to impose.”
“We appreciate it,” Dean says, and he flashes her his flirtiest smile. He hands her a ten dollar bill and a twenty, and he tells her to keep the change. She smiles, and she goes so far as to kiss his cheek. He finds her number on the bottom of his receipt when he looks at it in the car, and he crumples it up and tosses it in the backseat. “Won’t be needing
Dean watches him as he drives, slumped over in the passenger seat. For as drunk as he is, he can still tell that Cas is driving… extremely safely. He’s just as careful as he always is. Just as careful as he had been on the way. He doesn’t quite understand. Can’t make sense of it. Cas… technically had even more to drink than he himself had, and yet Cas seems completely unaffected. He supposes it’s something they can talk about tomorrow, if Dean even remembers any of this. Which, he won’t. Of course he won’t.
Dean bites his lip and whimpers, rolling his hips down to meet Cas’ fingers as he starts to thrust. “Th-
There aren’t enough words to describe how good it feels to finally have his hands all over Cas; to finally be
"Nothing, I just-" Sam pauses, taking a plate from Dean. They've been needing to do dishes for a while now. "Why
Mary sighs, but she stands up to hug him again. His chin hooks over her shoulder and he leans into her. He’d expected this to go a lot worse. Bobby shoots him a wink and a nod, salutes him, and turns to walk out of the house.
Dean feels when it happens, feels it down his throat as Cas' hips still while his dick is buried inside Dean's mouth. He's whining and moaning and cursing, and Dean is so blissed out that he doesn't catch Cas muttering "I love you, I love you, I love you," over and over.
Dean’s not good at much, but he’s good at this. He supposes now that he can say he got it from his mother. This innate ability he’s always had to put on a brave face for the sake of others, no matter how terrified he might truly be.
Anna reaches a hand up to press two fingers to his temple, and he feels the same trickle down his spine that he had felt when Cas did this to him during a panic attack. When it stops, he turns his face to Cas.
He sighs deeper than he’s pretty sure he ever has, and then he concedes. “Fine,” he says. “But you call me. Or text. Whatever. At least once an hour, the whole time you’re gone,” he says. “Promise.”
“Dean, that’s really not necessary. I’m just happy to be spending time with you, that’s all,” Cas says, and he pauses for a moment. “And your family, of course. It’ll be nice. I’m sure of it.”
"Fuck," He breathes into the dark, turning onto his side to will his brain to shut up and let him get some sleep. He's still wide awake, but he won't spare another thought for his father, not tonight. Instead, he thinks of Cas. How glad he was to have him back, to hug him. He was weirdly glad that Cas was human again. Cas was always his best friend, but when he was human, he was just so damn
“The second Kill Bill movie. We watched the first one a while back, but never got around to the second one. Is that alright?” Cas asks.
“You are,” Cas says, between kisses, “a genius,” more kisses, “and I love you.” Cas kisses him more once he’s apparently finished talking. Dean can’t help but smile against his lips, he’d thought it was a pretty stupid idea, but he guesses maybe sometimes he’s allowed to be smart.
Sam laughs, too. They sit in comfortable silence, just listening to each other breathe. After decades of sleeping next to a breathing Sam, Dean never thought he’d be so happy to hear it again.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean whimpers. “Love you, too. Love you so goddamn much, baby. You’re mine, okay? You’re all mine. I’m yours. Nobody else gets this from me, okay?” he promises, leaning down to press their lips together. “‘M not goin’ anywhere, sweetheart. You can stay, Cas. Stay here with me, in my room, in the Bunker. This is your home, Cas, ‘m not making you leave,” Dean says against his mouth, and Castiel squeezes his eyes closed as more tears fall down his cheeks. He feels a couple of Dean’s own tears fall as well, and he nods. He’s so close.
After Dean got over his initial gay panic, they settled in fairly quickly. Not a whole lot changed after he and Cas finally gave in to this
Cas smiles against his lips and gives in pretty quickly, going lax so that Dean can wash beneath his arms. Before moving on to his abdomen, Dean re-ups on the soap. He’s a lot more gentle over the scabs than he had been on Cas’ arms, which actually got out of everything relatively unscathed. His wrists had been a little raw the first couple of days — Dean imagines he was probably tied up. He tries not to think about that, and the rope burn is mostly gone from Cas’ wrists, so he doesn’t have to anymore. Not for very long.
but that’s not exactly something he could tell the school board, is it? Nah. So he told them he’d had some family issues, they let him take the rest of the semester off, and come back to finish his classes next winter.
His mom is saying things, but he isn’t sure what. The people from the trucks check her out, too, but eventually his mommy gets back in the car, still crying, and starts to drive away.
Dean feels Cas’ arms move from resting on his shoulders to being wrapped around them. He’s hugging back, which is a good sign. “Why are you sorry, Dean? You’re already forgiven.”
It doesn’t take long for him to fall asleep, still in Cas’ hoodie from the party, wrapped up in the fresh, almost too-clean scent that Cas always seems to have.
He fills the cup with water and helps Cas maneuver further down into the water. He has to curl his knees up and put his feet flat against the floor of the tub, and his knees stick out of the water now. But it gives him room to tip his head back when Dean taps beneath his chin, which is what he does. He cups one hand around Cas’ hairline so that none of the water runs into his eyes, and uses the other hand to pour the cup of water over Cas’ head a few times to get his hair wet.
Running a hand through his hair, Dean nods. He’s pretty sure his face is flushed again, but that’s basically a constant thing when he’s around Cas these days. He reaches across the table to curl his fingers around Cas’ wrist, trying his damndest to meet his eyes. “It will be, Cas. It’ll be good to have you there,” he says quietly, with gravity.
Castiel frowns even harder at that. That can’t be right. He’s as cold as he’s ever been, and he can’t stop
Dean lets out a strangled "Cas," into the fog of the bathroom and comes across the smooth tile of the shower wall.
The never-ending predictability of driving through the midwest puts Dean at ease. Cornfield after cornfield, passing mile markers on the interstates and the flashes of headlights from other drivers. All of it feels so familiar, it's easy to let himself get lost in it. The purr of Baby's engine as he coasts her down the freeway makes it feel a little easier to breathe. Dean lets Sam and Cas take turns choosing which tape to throw on. (Maybe he's gotten a little soft, he doesn't mind letting Sam and Cas pick the music as much anymore. They're all from his own collection, anyways.)
“Tastes better when it’s yours,” he lies, which earns him a roll of Cas’ eyes and one of the sweetest smiles he’s ever seen. It makes his stomach turn.
This has to be some sort of monster, because the universe loves to play cosmic pranks on him, and this is fucking
Cas slides off the counter into the very minimal space between them, and the tips of their noses touch. "Shut up," Cas breathes, and Dean exhales for what feels like the first time since he started patching Cas up.
The jacket feels heavy. He feels the weight of it on his shoulders. It feels like coming home. An extremely
dude. And I was drunk. I was just, y’know, thinking. Or whatever,” he sighs. “Why are you so worried about me, anyways? You’ve known me for like, six days, dude.”
less grossed out than Dean had been at the first diaper he’d ever changed. Dean supposed that in all of Cas’ years of life, he’s probably seen stuff that’s a lot more gross than a dirty diaper. When Cas finishes, he turns to Dean. “It’s not too tight, is it? He won’t be uncomfortable?”
Dean shakes his head, "I can't talk about it, Cas. Not yet. I will, eventually. I promise. But not today," he sighs and walks toward Cas to pull him into a gentle hug. When he pulls back, Cas is wearing an expression that makes him want to crack his ribcage right open and hand Cas his physical heart. Just to hold on to.
He bunches them up one leg at a time, helping Cas guide his foot all the way through. He pulls them up to Cas’ knees, but he doesn’t stop. He pulls them part of the way up his thighs, until he can’t anymore because of how Cas is sitting. “Here, stand up. Use my shoulders to steady yourself. I’ve got you,” he says, and they’re both standing up as Dean pulls the sweatpants the rest of the way up. He knows he doesn’t have to, but he does, actually. It’s his fault Cas is hurt in the first place. He should have insisted Cas stay behind and rest.
Dean shifts in his seat. He probably should have thought harder about how he actually wanted to say this. He folds his hands above the table, then lays them flat, then folds them again. Sam is staring at him.
Dean rolls out of bed to go get the full story from Brooke, and he smiles down at Cas. He’s so in love. He doesn’t really care what Cas is. He’s pretty sure he’d love Cas if he had four heads and tentacles or some crazy shit like that. He drops one more kiss to Cas’ head before he slips into a pair of sweatpants to go talk to Anna and Brooke. “Love you too,” he says softly.
“Castiel. I’m Cas, you’re Dean, and Sam is your brother,” Cas reminds him gently. Castiel has been called many things in his millennia in Heaven and in his years on Earth. Impatient is not one of them. If he had to, he would remind Dean of his own name forever.
Dean whines into the kiss and his hands settle right on Cas’ hips. He rolls his own upward, “More, please more,” he whines. Genuinely and honestly
“It’s Garth and Charlie. I guess they got mixed up in all of this shit, and now they’re on their way here with Bobby and Ellen,” Dean sighs.
And you know what? There’s nobody here to hear him. Nobody’s gonna know if he breaks his vow of silence. Nobody ever has to know. So he kneels directly in front of the delilah, looks up at the sky, and he
Cas shushes him and holds the side of his face, plucking it from where it rests on his shoulder. “You can’t blame yourself, Dean. We didn’t know. We couldn’t have known.”
Cas adjusts in Dean’s arms to turn his face toward the only window in the room, and he gasps quietly. “Snow,” he marvels.
He walks up next to Dean and wets his own toothbrush, putting the toothpaste on, and then wetting it again. He sticks it in his mouth and starts brushing.
“Oh. Uh, thanks. Thank you,” Dean replies. Turns out that Heaven doesn’t make you immune to getting flustered by compliments from nerdy little dudes holding fruity cocktails. Awesome. “You -- I mean, you, too. You look -- good. Nice, even,” he adds, and he cringes at himself.
Cas shakes his head. “No, ‘dirty’ is probably the last word I would use to describe you right now. I’m sure a large number of women will be vying for your attention as well, you look… good. Very good,” he says, and Dean rolls his eyes. If he doesn’t brush it off, if he lets himself dwell on it, he’s gonna have Cas pushed up against a wall in record time.
Castiel is always waiting for the other shoe to drop. He’s always waiting for the day that Dean will waltz into his room and let him know that his time as a guest in his and Sam’s home has come to an end. He knows it’s coming, and probably soon, now that he’s proved himself to be of little use on hunts.
It all comes to a head when he and Cas are doing research for a case, and Sam leaves the Bunker for some fresh air and to get food. Dean walks behind Cas after grabbing a beer from the fridge, and touches his shoulder because he forgot for a second that Cas is fucking allergic to him now, or something.
He’ll skip lunch today. He’ll come out and face Cas at dinner. For now, he needs a fucking nap. Talking to Sam has drained him of any energy that he had at the start of his day.
Is this what they're doing, now? Cas is just going to declare his love at random intervals for the rest of forever, and it's going to tie Dean's stomach in knots until he dies from his intestines being twisted up inside of his body? Cas is just smirking at the screen like he knows exactly what he's just done to Dean. Fucking bastard.
He backtracks after he gets halfway to his room. He swings back around to the kitchen, grabs his favorite bottle of whiskey, the
Cas tightens his grip and takes a deep breath. “Oh, Dean,” he sighs, a reminiscent smile on his face. “The second I laid eyes on your soul, I knew it was you, My Brothers and Sisters wanted to scope you out, wanted to make sure we were truly looking at the soul of the Righteous Man. I told then it was unnecessary. Your soul is so bright. Even when I found you torturing that soul on the Rack, even as I pried it from your clutches, I knew with everything inside of me that you were
“Charlie, are you kidding me?” Dean whines, picking up the remote and flicking the TV off. “Porn? Really?”
Anna takes a deep breath. “I haven’t always known, no. I didn’t know until the voices started. It was right after New Years. I was supposed to come back to campus the next day, but I couldn’t. The angels wouldn’t stop talking. The first thing I heard, clear as a bell —
Sam whips his head around to look at Anna. “They said that?” he whispers brokenly, and Dean pets his hair as he shoots Anna a look that could kill her, if that was possible.
Cas raises his eyebrows. “Checkout isn’t until 11 tomorrow. Take your time,” he says. There’s a hint of something behind his words, but he couldn’t even place it himself if you asked him to.
There’s Cas, too. Bobby and Ellen. Sam and his mom have options, if they don’t feel like talking to him about it. They’ll get the help they need, even if they can’t go to an actual psychiatrist with their real problems.
"How about these? You gonna sleep in these?" Dean asks, snapping the waistband of Cas' boxers against the skin of his hip. "You usually don't, but you insisted last night. I couldn't wrestle 'em off your drunk ass," he laughs.
Dean nods numbly. He feels like he can do that. There’s a damn apocalypse happening. He can lift his arms and his feet.
as always, thank you for reading! one more chapter + an epilogue for you, coming right up! i should have both up within a couple days! i'm planning on heading off to write chapter 7 as soon as i post this one, and it'll be posted as soon as i'm done!
Dean’s eyes fly open and so does his fist, and sure enough, the keys to the Impala are in his hand. “Are you kidding me? Mom, you can’t be serious!” His eyes flit back and forth between his mom and the car, and when she makes no move to take the keys back from him, he throws his arms around her again, his flashback to the fire not quite forgotten, but nearly.
I need you to hear me,” Cas says. He crouches down next to the toilet and hands Dean the cup, from which Dean reluctantly sips. As pissed as he is, the cold water feels nice going down his burning throat.
Dean nods, and a sob works its way out of his throat. “Love you too,” he says, and he sags forward so his head is buried in Cas’ neck. He holds on tight to his shirt, wrinkling it up in his fists. “I should call mom,” he says. “I should call her, right?”
“Are you okay?” Cas asks, rubbing his hand against Dean’s heartbeat like he might be able to calm it by sheer force of will.
Cas smiles down at him and nods. “I do. And I will. Thank you for being patient,” he says, leaning down to peck Dean’s lips just once. “It wasn’t like this before,” he starts in a whisper, “In the dream. It wasn’t like this at all.”
to pretend he didn’t just cry on the phone with his little brother, but — Cas catches him red-handed wiping tears off his face.
Cas lets out another sob and kisses Dean again, slow and languid through his tears. Dean kisses him right back, pressing their bare bodies into one another.
“Yeah, well, maybe you should,” Dean scoffs. He means it. Cherry on top, right? Everybody dies, everybody leaves. Cas would just be the finishing touch. Get all the hurt over all at once, right? Because Cas isn’t going to put up with this forever, and Dean isn’t going to get any better. Cas deserves someone who can be there for him back. Dean can’t do that right now, and he’s pretty sure he never will be able to again.
He watches Dean nod, he doesn’t say anything, and Cas doesn’t even know if he could if he wanted to. Cas leans forward into his space, and he runs his thumb over Dean’s bottom lip. Dean’s mouth opens easily for him, with no hesitation, no reservation, just open and honest vulnerability. It cracks him open in a way he never has been before. Then, he exhales the smoke directly into Dean’s mouth, and Dean leans forward to make sure none of it escapes, and their lips are touching.
Cas lets out a whine into Dean’s mouth, an awful, pitiful thing. Dean just brings him closer, pressing their chests together. One of his hands tilts Cas’ chin up for a better angle, and the other one plays with his hair some more. He’s not sure if his Dean ever kissed him like this, even before he became what he is now. He pulls away -- higher, he needs to be higher for this -- and takes another long drag from his joint. He goes back to Dean’s lips, hovers over them, and exhales. Dean breathes in the smoke like it’s his second nature now, and then presses forward to slot their lips together again.
She trudges into the kitchen. “What?” she asks, and her face falls when she sees the french toast. “What the hell, Cas?” she asks. “I’m gonna be late for school if I stay and have breakfast,” she pouts, crosses her arms.
Cas whines, burying his face in Dean’s shoulder. He mumbles something unintelligible into Dean’s skin, his hips stilling as far inside Dean as he can get. Dean can feel it when Cas comes, and he smiles. There’s nothing left to do. This is the best damn birthday present a guy could ask for.
Dean thinks. Cas hasn’t ever led him astray. Cas has been nothing but a net positive in his life. They bicker sometimes, all friends do. Above all, he
Dean swallows and nods his head, still petting Cas’ feathers. “I love you,” he manages, and his voice breaks twice in just three words. It doesn’t feel like enough. What he feels for Cas, it’s something bigger than that.
Dean has to give himself some credit though, he’s pretty damn good at deflecting, too. He’s been careful not to give up too much information about himself, at least not until Cas does. He feels like, at this point, he can call Cas part of his group of friends. They’re all going to a party together, for fuck’s sake. He’s literally about to leave his house and drive to Cas’ place to pick him up.
Once they’re both clean, the water’s still plenty hot, so Dean gently backs Cas against the wall of the shower. He runs a hand down the side of his torso, careful not to brush against any of the gashes there. His eyes trail over every inch of Cas’ body that he can see, letting his chest swell up with all of the love he feels for the man in front of him. Cas will probably never get his grace back, but Dean loved him long before he knew Cas was an angel. He’s going to love him long after the loss of his grace, too. He knows it. The handprint branded into his hip is a constant reminder of that. It’s a reminder that he not only belongs to Cas, but that Cas belongs to him, as well. Cas never would have marked him like this if he didn’t want him back, just as much as Dean wants him.
“Cas?” he hears it, and he assumes it’s just part of the prayer. Dean ends on a question like that sometimes, as if Cas could answer. “Dean,” he sighs, answering anyways. Dean won’t hear him, but it helps sometimes. Slowly, he stands, prepared for a fight. Nothing could have prepared him for what he sees when he turns to look.
"I'll have to make you watch it when you're sober. It's a beautiful film, Dean. One of my favorites." Cas smiles at him and tries not to look sad, but Dean knows that look. He's seen it on the faces of many women over the years. It's the look they all give him when he promises that he'll call, but they both know he won't. Like they're sad, but they've already accepted their fate.
“Where do you live again?” Cas asks, and oh yeah, that’s right. He’d completely forgotten to tell Cas where he grew up.
Dean watches as Cas sits across from him and very carefully separates all of his food. The pancakes get moved to the edge of the plate — Dean guesses he’s probably going to have those last so that the syrup doesn’t get all over his hash browns. Makes sense.
Cas comes back a few moments later with two ibuprofen in his hand and a large glass of water. “Take these,” he says gently, helping Dean sit further up in bed so he can swallow them without choking. “You’ll thank me in the morning.”
Eventually, Cas wiggles his hands free and does something fancy with his legs that has Dean on his back in less than a second. Even without his angel powers or whatever, Cas is still almost inhumanly quick. Strong, too. Definitely strong. He pushes into Dean slowly, leans down next to his ear. “Fiancé,” he whispers, just to hear the word roll off his tongue, and Dean can feel him smile against the shell of his ear. He rolls his hips down to meet Cas’ thrusts, and he can feel himself getting closer because of the way his cock is trapped between their stomachs. He whines, pulls Cas into a kiss, and hooks his legs around his waist. “Dean,” Cas moans, burying himself to the hilt. “I can’t believe I get to call you my husband.”
"Um, well. No, not really. I got up a couple of times to refill my coffee and make more, but I've been in here all day." He says, and it
Dean holds Castiel’s head in the pocket created by the meeting of his neck and his shoulder. “That’s all I want, Cas. If I can’t have the rest of it, that’s all I ask. Just stay with me,” he whispers.
The rest of the hour passes them by in a similar manner, and when the episode ends, Dean stands. He offers a hand to Cas to help him off the couch because he’s a fucking
Cas leans forward and presses his lips to Dean’s. It isn’t the most intense kiss either of them have ever had, just a gentle press of lips. It’s perfect. Everything Cas ever dreamed and then some. Dean is just so damn
Once upon a time, Dean swore he’d never make modifications to this car. She came without seatbelts, and she’d stay that way. But once Jack came into the picture, once Dean had someone to worry about other than Sammy, suddenly seatbelts were, in fact, a very necessary modification. He couldn’t ride around with the kid unbuckled, could he?
He begins with Castiel’s feet. He presses one kiss to the tops of each foot, the outside of his left ankle, and the inside of his right. Castiel wants to squirm. He feels like every kiss Dean drops leaves a trail of electricity in its wake. Dean isn’t kissing his feet because of any sort of fantasy involving them, no, that’s not it at all. This is worship. Castiel knows it. He’s witnessed it over thousands of centuries of observing humans. His thumbs dig into the arches of Castiel’s feet, and it makes him sigh. It feels nice, to have Dean’s attention in this way. Perhaps he’d been wrong about Dean taking time and care to cleanse his feet. Perhaps it
And besides, he’s kind of lying to himself. It had been nice to have a taste of that life, but that wasn’t his Dean. Nobody can compare to the real Dean, this one. Flaws and all, Cas will choose him every time. Over anything. It’s a disservice to Dean and himself to pretend otherwise.
Cas scoots closer to him on the bed until their shoulders are pressed together. Dean feels his stomach flip.
They’ve packed up what little of their belongings are here, and all of it fits into two boxes. Brooke had been kind enough to pick up some coolers at the store yesterday, so they can even take most of their own food. They’ll just have to stop for gas.
Dean can’t help but smile. “Not this time, no. I’ll jump in when we turn on the shower to rinse you off, though. Sound good?” he asks, running a hand through Cas’ greasy, messy hair.
Dean swallows. That’s a loaded question. “Of you? No,” he says. It’s mostly true. “Of everything else? Fuck
He hears a snort behind him, and he doesn't turn to look. He knows that it's his Dean. He doesn't need to check.
Cas fucks up into his fist, keeping a steady hold on Dean's arms. He thinks he might keel over if he lets go, so he holds on.
Cas can feel his heart in his throat. He thinks he saw a movie once, or maybe read a book, where three squeezes in a row means ‘I love you.’ He knows the proper response, but he doesn’t know if that’s what Dean really meant by it. He doesn’t know if Dean knows what he’s just done to him.
writing this story has helped me in a lot of ways. i know it isn't anything crazy special. i know it's not profound, i know im not a magician with words. but i do feel like ive grown, in a way, and that's very encouraging. im definitely going to keep going, even though there were a lot of points during the writing of this fic that i wanted to give up.
Dean’s head whips around to find Anna in the kitchen, and she drops the plate she’d been drying at the same moment. Dean turns back to look at the door, and then there’s a knock again. Harder, louder this time.
Cas puts ketchup on his hashbrowns, and it makes Dean grin. If the guy was an angel for millions of years, Dean can only imagine that it was himself who taught that to Cas. And when he finishes them and douses his pancakes in syrup, only to dip his sausage into the sticky sweetness that’s run off the pancakes — Dean
“I’m here,” Cas assures him, and Dean’s whole body goes lax before he had even realized he was tense. “You were having a nightmare.”
Dean thinks he probably would’ve hung it up, after that. If he had survived that vamp hunt, it would have been his last. Unfortunately, the choice was taken from him, but again -- it is what it is. He made it to Heaven, Sam will be here soon, Cas’ feathered ass is flying around up here -- so all in all, it’s a pretty big win.
"Absolutely not," Cas finally pipes up. "We all go together, or we wait until morning." There's a finality in his tone that Dean isn't willing to argue with. Cas is always cranky after a nap.
“It’s a long story,” Dean says. “I need someone to explain what the hell the demon blood is doing to my brother.” He looks around the room, and his eyes eventually land on Cas, who looks like he’s about to speak up.
“Yes?” Cas answers from the other side of the door. Probably hasn’t even realized he doesn’t have any clothes.
drunk,” he says. “Could drive home if I waited another hour, but I’d rather get home.” It’s not true, but Cas doesn’t have to know that.
Dean stands up off the porch, dusts himself off, and readjusts his beanie for what’s probably the thousandth time tonight. “I’m gonna walk home,” he says. “Garth’s designated driver, he can drive you home in Charlie’s car. Just… let everyone know I’m headed home.”
Dean nods his head and pulls back to look at Cas. “You gotta stop almost dying on me, man. If I say this to you, I need you not to run into the next fire you see, Cas. I need you. You can’t leave me. You can’t,” his voice breaks on the last syllable and he leans down to kiss Cas again. After he breaks it, he adds, “If I say this back, you can’t go leaving me or making deals that have cosmic consequences. I need you with me.”
“Part of me wanted to believe you weren’t capable,” Jack says. “But I guess I should’ve known better. I wanted to believe you, Dean. I believed
you, I'm not-" he swings the door open, and suddenly there's ice in his veins. The last fucking thing he expects to see is
Cas feels the hairs on the back of his neck stand up, and he knows it’s because Dean is staring straight through him. He swings the motel room door open and locks it behind him, sliding into a chair at the table with an exasperated sigh laced with bone-deep exhaustion. Angels don’t get tired, but Cas is pretty sure he could lay down on one of those beds and take a nap if he didn’t have to watch Dean.
If Dean was at all capable of being honest with himself, he would know that he’s felt this way about Cas for years. He’s always felt his stomach dance a little whenever Cas initiated a touch between them or stood a little too close. He would bitch about personal space because the thought of reaching out to touch Cas would start to get too loud to ignore.
The only way he let me come was by making myself undetectable with a spell. So I snuck around, got her grace back, tucked tail, and ran.”
Cas pulls back, but only to put out the still-burning joint in the ashtray on the other side of Dean. He has to lean over him to do it, and Dean starts pressing hot, wet kisses to his neck. Cas falters and lets himself moan as he smashes out the remaining embers of the joint. Instead of laying down in his previous spot, he straddles Dean’s hips and blinks down at him.
Dean pulls his mother into his arms and tucks her head under his chin. “It’s fine, mom. You didn’t know, and Charlie’s the best liar I know,” he says. He can tell his mom still feels like shit about it, but there’s nothing any of them can do about it now. “It’s late,” he says, “and they’ll all be here in less than ten hours. We should get some rest while we can.”
He marches across the room to dig through his own bag for some clothes. He would get some out of Cas’ bag, but rummaging through his bag seems like a little too much of an invasion of privacy. He’s already infiltrated the guy’s dreams tonight, he doesn’t need to go pilfering through his shit.
All of that had been a mask, a front. It had been an attempt to hide who she used to be, what she used to do. The pieces of the puzzle are slotting together in his mind. He doesn’t have the whole picture, not yet, not quite, but nearly.
with people. He knows what to say to them, how to make them laugh, how to get them to like him. He’s having trouble with Cas, though. Is he just nervous? That has to be it, right? What else could it even be?
"What? No way, man. I mean, I'll sleep on the floor if you don't wanna share. But you aren't." It's a statement, and Dean isn't going to argue about it. He's not gonna let Cas' back get fucked up even worse than it inevitably will on the shitty motel mattress. Dean's slept on his fair share of dirty-ass motel room floors. It wouldn't bother him. Well, it would, but not the sleeping on the floor part. The part that would bother him would be Cas not wanting to share the bed. He feels like a fucking teenage girl with all his stupid little feelings threatening to spill out of his mouth, every second of every day.
Dean nods and pulls his first finger all the way out, only to reinsert it with the 2nd one alongside it. This earns him a long whine, and he smirks. Cas' back arches off the bed just slightly and his breathing gets heavier.
He turns around and repositions so he’s in Dean’s lap in the tub, running his thumbs across the thousands of star patterns he’d laid into his skin. Dean doesn’t even know. He doesn’t know that his skin contains entire galaxies. He doesn’t know that he’s so loved, that he always has been, and that he always will be. His eyes drift down to gaze across his neck, the neck that he plans to mark up and lay his claim. It’s less permanent than the handprint he had branded into his skin, but it’ll do in a pinch. He can always make more. His eyes travel down to where Dean’s cock still stands at attention between his legs, and his eyes flick back up to Dean’s instantly. “Should I?” he asks, but he’s already reaching to wrap a hand around Dean.
He slides his finger in a little deeper, up to the second knuckle. Dean gasps, but he keeps his eyes on Cas like he’s been told. Through all of this, Cas keeps up the steady and rhythmic motions of his other hand. Stimulating Dean in more than one place will keep his mind off the mild discomfort, and on the pleasure.
"Aw, Cas. You'll give a guy a big head if ya keep that up," Dean says, but he's bashful and Cas knows it. It's written all over his face.
There are a hundred questions racing through his mind. Weren't Djinn dreams supposed to contain everything that would make you the happiest? Cas' just looked... well, normal, except for the part where his father made an appearance. Nothing else was out of place, though. It fills Dean with a weird sort of warmth that Cas' perfect world is just the three of them at the bunker, living their lives.
“Do you think I don’t know that?” Mary asks, and there’s tears in her eyes. “Do you think I don’t care? Do you think it doesn’t make me sick? Don’t you think that if I could put the damn apocalypse on hold for the safety of my sons, that I
Dean groans and throws his head back, just as Garth and Anna walk up to the table. “You tell him about the party?” Garth asks. “Dean, come on! You never come out with us anymore,” he whines, sliding into the seat on the side of Dean that Cas isn’t sitting on. Dean’s pretty sure he’s drinking that fucking strawberry refresher that he’d been too embarrassed to get.
Cas is a little out of breath when he’s finally next to Dean on the porch, and he extends his hand to Missouri. “It’s lovely to meet you, Ms. Moseley, I’m —” he starts, but Missouri cuts him off.
The water drains relatively quickly, so Dean flips the shower on and lets it heat up as he strips. He only gets his shirt over his head before Cas is in his space, holding eye contact as he pulls the drawstring of Dean’s joggers. He pushes them as far down Dean’s legs as he can without bending over, and by then they fall down and pool around his ankles. Dean steps out of them and strips his own boxers off, and he and Cas are standing naked in front of one another as steam starts to fill the room.
any longer, which is something Dean’s going to thank Jack for every day for the rest of his Heavenly lifespan.
Cas steps out from directly under the spray of the shower so the suds don't immediately rinse off. He allows Dean to take his time washing his body.
Cas hovers a hand over the cut, and Dean turns to look at him with sad eyes. He's met with even sadder ones. "I forgot," Cas says in a whisper, lowering his hand and feeling like an idiot.
As soon as Cas meets his eyes, Dean snaps out of it and sits across from Cas, handing him the sandwich. Cas eats it relatively quickly, eager to get back to his room. Dean’s eyes never leave him, but he also doesn’t speak. Cas would give anything to know what Dean’s thinking. Had he seen more than Cas thought back in the Djinn dream? Had he been there for the shower? How had Cas not noticed him?
brother.” With this, he lets go of Cas and heads back up to the attic to lay back down in bed and pretend he doesn’t exist. He hopes Cas has the sense not to follow him.
He throws the towel somewhere across the room and elects to deal with it later. He wants Dean in his arms.
Dean flips through the limited TV channels that the motel has to offer for about ten minutes before Cas is poking his head out of the bathroom, ready for Dean to tend to him. He's wearing nothing but his boxers, and Dean really shouldn't be this excited about getting to clean his best friend's wounds. He's up off the shitty recliner in the opposite corner of the room in a split second, heading into the bathroom with the first aid kit tucked under his arm.
Cas puts his hands on Dean’s shoulders and pushes him back, only slightly so he can look at his face. “What happened?” he asks, and Dean is laughing again.
“Sam? Why are you calling? Did mom say you could? Is it safe?” He scrambles, his fork hitting his plate with a
doesn’t care to think about. He can feel the beat of the music in his chest, and he grins. It’s gonna be a good night. A great one, even.
“I’ll eat meat lovers, Dean. It’s fine,” he says. He punches in the order, locks his phone, and leans back into the couch. “You really are doing well with studying,” Cas says. “I know we got a late start today, but you’re doing fine. You’re not going to fail any of your classes, even if you don’t ace any of your finals,” he says. “But I think you will.”
“Yes, your mother. Dean, it took me a day and a half to notice the abundance of salt in your home. It took me an additional three to conclude that your mother keeps a jar of holy water in every room. At dinner, the first night, I noticed that every piece of cutlery was made of pure silver. All of these are defenses against the supernatural. I know you’ve noticed. Perhaps not the silver, but the rest,” Cas says.
“I’ll — I’ll come get you if anything changes,” Dean tells him, and he leans forward to kiss him for real. “I love you. I’ll try to be quick. I’ll leave her runnin’,” he says, nodding toward the keys in the ignition.
“Good morning,” Cas says quietly, before Dean’s even given any indication he’s awake. In an instant, the memories of yesterday slam against his chest, punching the breath straight out of him. Of course Cas fucking knows he’s awake, Jesus, he’s some sort of
Cas lifts his head and sure enough, his face is wet. It makes Dean want to run, it makes him want to hide. But he knows that he can't do that, not now. Not after everything they've been through. This is hardly the worst Cas has ever seen him, so he bucks up and forces more words out of his mouth. He sucks in a breath and places one hand flat against Cas' cheek.
Once the lasagna is safely sat down on the counter, Dean walks up behind Cas and blocks his vision with his hands. It makes Cas grin, he can forget that the real Dean is watching all of this happen from somewhere behind him for just a moment. He allows himself to be led blindly by Dean, presumably to face the entrance to the kitchen. He supposes their guest is someone who's been here and knows where to come. "You ready?" Dean asks him.
Cas lets his hands roam every part of Dean that he can reach, fingertips dancing up and down his sides, along his ribs, pressing into his hips.
“Dean, oh - You… you feel -” Cas doesn’t get much farther than that before Dean is rocking his hips and starting to bounce.
Cas drops a kiss to his shoulder, another to his neck. “Of course. You should sleep, Dean. I’ve got you,” he whispers, rubbing a soothing hand across Dean’s chest, just between his pecs. Cas really does have him, in more ways than he knows. Dean’s pretty sure he’s ruined for anyone else, at least for the foreseeable future. He doesn’t want anyone else, doesn’t want anyone else to want him. He belongs to Cas now, even if Cas doesn’t belong to him. Even if Cas doesn’t want him at all.
His Dean hasn’t kissed him in well over two years. First, he stopped sleeping over. Then he started leaving as soon as they were done, he wouldn’t even stay to hold Cas for any longer than half a minute before he was out the door. Then he stopped with any and all kisses, and now he doesn’t even prep Cas before he slides home. He always gives Cas a warning when he’ll be over, so that Cas can get it done himself if he wants, but he doesn’t, usually. He likes to feel the burn, the stretch, the pain. He feels like he deserves it for becoming this pathetic thing that Dean can hardly stand to look at.
Right now, he’s pacing around the living room. He’s had somewhere between five and eight cups of coffee, he’s not sure. He’s stopped counting. He hasn’t slept much recently.
Dean strips out of his jeans, partially because he doesn’t want to sleep in denim, but mostly because he’s hoping to make Cas feel a little better about being so exposed in front of him. He helps Cas get underneath the covers, swinging his legs over the edge of the bed to pull the covers down, and then back into bed to pull the covers up over him. He slides in next to Cas shortly after, walking around to his own side to click the lamp off and slide beneath the covers, facing Cas.
He closes his eyes, tries to picture Cas in Purgatory. The last place he saw him. Even in the desaturated murky grays and browns of Purgatory, Cas’ eyes shone just as blue as they did everywhere else. He remembers that. But now, when he closes his eyes and thinks, his eyes just look gray. They look flat. Dean can see his lips form the shape of the last words he ever said, but he can’t hear the voice anymore.
Dean smiles and rubs some of the last vestiges of sleep from his eyes. “Surprised I didn’t wake up sooner,” he says through a yawn. “I don’t sleep well without him.”
Cas lets him stay like that for a few moments, and then he’s kissing Dean’s cheek and pulling him off the couch. “Come on,” he says. “It’s getting dark. Don’t wanna miss our chance.”
"Dean. No." Cas' voice has a sharp bite, and it stings more than Dean wants to admit to even himself.
He’s worked so hard to bury it for years. If he even gets close to thinking about how much he wants to kiss Cas, he distracts himself instantly. But there’s nothing to distract him here, just the simple thought of:
The gentle hum of the microwave puts Dean in a sort of trance. He’s aware enough to stop the microwave when the popping stops, but he’s lost in thought before he can stop himself. The thing is, he
Cas takes that as his cue to roll on top of Dean, to which Dean responds by spreading his legs so Cas can fit easily between them. Dean lets his hands explore the expanses of Cas’ back and his broad shoulders, eventually trailing down to his ass to grind their hips together.
Cas pets his hair and presses kisses all along his hairline, down his jaw, his chin, and eventually he lands at Dean’s lips. Dean sighs into it and presses closer, allowing the press of Cas’ lips to his own to soothe his nerves where they’re flaring up. “I love you,” Dean whispers into his mouth.
They silently hold on to one another for an amount of time that Castiel can’t quite decipher, because any time spent with Dean feels like no time at all. Eventually, Dean’s just sniffling against his neck, and Castiel looks around. On the nightstand closest to him, there’s a small box of tissues. Without disturbing Dean too much, he’s able to reach one arm up and over to the box and pull a few of them out. He taps Dean on his shoulder and smiles as he holds out the tissues, and Dean
forgotten about his little car-washing fantasy. He sighs as he steps underneath the almost too-hot water and lets it burn, just a little. He'll adjust eventually. He leans his forehead against the cool tile in the shower and lets his mind wander.
He hadn’t realized he’d been spaced out, hadn’t realized he’d been shaking, and hadn’t even realized the mug of coffee had slipped out of his hands until the noise of the shattering ceramic snaps him out of his trance.
Cas blushes and swats his shoulder, but he’s grinning so wide that Dean’s a little worried his face might crack. He holds out his hand so that Dean can slip the ring on, and he watches as it sinks onto his left ring finger. He wiggles his fingers around once the ring is on, and then he smiles down at Dean. All at once, anything and everything innocent is gone from his face and he’s dragging Dean up off the ground and hauling him down the beach to where the trail that leads to their cabin is.
“...and I know now, that you aren’t coming back. I’m not upset with you for it. I just miss you a lot, Cas. Dad. I miss you so much, but I’m going to be okay. We all are. I just wanted… to tell you goodbye. Dean says he doesn’t know if you can hear me, but that’s okay. Sam told me that funerals and goodbyes aren’t for the dead, anyways. They’re for the living. So I hope you can hear me when I tell you goodbye, but I’m not upset if you can’t. I love you, dad.”
Dean nods where his head is tucked into Cas’ shoulder. Cas’ hands run through his hair. “She’s just down the road,” he whispers. “The whole time, she was right here.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “Of course not. I just showered, I threw this on so I didn’t answer the door in a towel. Next time I’ll remember not to bother,” he teases right back, and holy fuck, Dean needs to find somewhere to sit down, like,
Cas. Jesus.” No matter what he thinks of Cas, no matter how much he can wax poetic about the taste inside Cas’ mouth, he only really knows of one way to express it. Vulgarity.
Dean stays silent next to him, maybe sensing that Cas needs to get lost in his mind for a little while.
Castiel watches whatever Dean puts on the TV and he eats his soup, content to be taken care of. He’s actually leaning into it, now. He enjoys it very much. When he finishes his soup, and then his tea, he clears his throat, which turns into a full-on coughing fit. Dean coos and rubs at his back until the coughs subside, and then he rubs at his eyes. They sting a little, like when he’s stayed awake too long. “More tea,” he whines, holding his mug out to Dean, and it’s not even a question this time, because he’s caught on that he doesn’t have to ask. Dean will just
He’s struck for what seems like the hundredth time how little he knows about Cas. He doesn’t get upset over it anymore, because he knows that sort of thing will just come with time. Not everybody’s a lay-it-all-out sort of person like Charlie had been when they’d first met, or even Anna. He’d known almost everything there was to know about both of them within a couple of weeks. Cas just isn’t like that, and that’s okay. Cas is more reserved, keeps things closer to his chest, which is fine.
to give control over to Cas. He trusts him completely, would let him try anything. It works out for both of them, because it seems that leading is in Cas’ nature, too. “Always open to your ideas,” he breathes, and it’s the truest thing he’s ever admitted out loud.
Jack scoffs at him. “You’re not even worth that,” he spits. “You don’t even think about it. Not in detail. You just sit, and you drink, and you — you act like you don’t even remember him. I don’t even know what happened to my
if he could. Dean knows how easy this should be, and his eyes are watering at the thought of the faded leather jacket that swallows him up sitting in the back of his closet. "I-" But he can't force the words out of his throat. He turns on his heels and all but sprints out of the room, down the hall, and into his bedroom.
He hears Dean’s hand dip into the water, the gentle slosh of it. He sighs. “Jesus, Cas, aren’t you cold?” is all he says.
He’s still got a shit-eating grin on his face. He can’t help it. “Your witch friend,” he starts, “you think she’d help us?”
This was easy. Dean thinks that if he didn't have so much to do, he might be able to stay here and do this until he died. It just feels so simple. It's sweet. He kisses Cas slow, but deep. He steps impossibly closer to Cas and smiles into the kiss at the way their bodies are pressed flush against each other. Before he can think too hard, Dean breathes, "I love you," into Cas' mouth.
For weeks, Dean gets as drunk as he can as fast as he can. As drunk as he is, and as much as he avoids everyone by not leaving his room, he still hears whispers of Jack trying to convince Sam that Cas is coming back.
Dean stands from the ledge of the tub then, and he walks across the room to grab a washcloth. Castiel let’s his eyes follow Dean’s form around the bathroom, until he’s coming back to the tub and dunking the washcloth into the water. He takes more soap, squeezes it onto the washcloth, and kneels behind Castiel, on the other side of the tub. “Let me help,” he says quietly, gently. Castiel is sure he’s never heard Dean use this tone of voice with him. With frightened children, maybe. Spooked spouses of victims to the supernatural. Never with him, though, and it makes him feel impossibly weaker. Dean has to lower himself for Castiel while he’s like this. He has to talk down to him, in a hushed voice, as if he’s a scared animal.
They expand out so far that the tips of them touch each side of the room. Cas nods his head and Dean reaches up to feel the feathers along the very top, gently as to not disrupt the pattern in which they lay.
“You were watching me sleep?” Castiel asks him, but he’s smiling when he says it. Dean used to berate him for the exact same thing, telling him it was creepy and that he was crossing a line. Look how far they’ve come.
Her wings are a dark blood-red, a little bit darker than her hair. There are tan speckles across the feathers along the bottom, and they become more concentrated the lower they get. It almost looks like they fade smoothly from one color to the next if he unfocuses his eyes. If he looks a little closer, though, they’re just very small, tan dots. They’re beautiful.
Cas hadn’t made him answer for this morning’s actions, but he may have to answer for these. He doesn’t know what he’ll say, and sleep overtakes him before he has a chance to work it out. He’ll figure something out. This is worth it.
Truth be told, Castiel wouldn’t have known one way or another if Dean made his tea with the kettle or if he just popped the mug of water into the microwave and let the tea steep. There’s no way he would’ve been able to tell. But because Dean knows he likes using the kettle, Dean used the kettle.
It makes him yelp, but he’s nodding without necessarily meaning to. He leaves his discarded robe draped over Dean’s thighs and moves to the side of the bed that’s unoccupied to lay on his back. His cock aches where it lays heavy between his legs, so he wraps his hand around the base and gasps as Dean’s eyes stay trained firmly on his form while he discards both of their robes somewhere across the room.
“I’m almost out of minutes, dad. And trust me, there’s not time. Thank you for the help. I won’t bug you again,” Dean says, and he hangs up without waiting for an answer. He knows he’ll get his ass handed to him for that one, but hopefully he can get Cas back home before he has to deal with it.
Dean softens. “I love you,” he says. It feels just as profound now as it did several years ago, when he first admitted it to an angel while sitting on the cold linoleum of the house that they share now. He doesn’t say it often, not like he used to, because he doesn’t need to. He and Cas are there for each other. They show their love in a thousand tiny ways every single day. Like doing the dishes even when it’s not their turn. Like making up excuses to bring each other lunch just because they miss each other.
her sons are supposed to bring on the end of the world, and it’s as if everything is right in her world. Dean wonders how much of his childhood had been masked by this same act, how much of it was his mother
“Sorry,” Cas whispers, and he averts his gaze. Dean had been hoping that Cas would take the fucking hint and just leave him alone to eat his damn toast in peace, but of course not. Cas sits down across from him and stares into the living room, watching Brooke work.
Cas smiles at her. “We’d really like to, Claire. If you want,” he says. “There’s no pressure. It would just mean one last check from Child Services. They wouldn’t have to come every other month, anymore. They’d do one last sweep of the house, make us sign some papers, and then you’d be ours,” he says.
"Why not, Dean? You know how I feel about you, unless you've forgotten. However, that seems unlikely." Cas deadpans, and ooookay. They're talking about it, apparently. "I think you are beautiful, and I love you. I will continue to express it, unless you wish for me to stop."
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean rolls his eyes, glazing over the compliment as smoothly as he can. “So they tell me. Anyways, I mean it, you gotta eat. Just — just stay here, and I’ll come back with soup,” he says.
They make it inside, and Dean walks up to the desk. “Hi. Uh, my name’s Dean, this is Cas, we’re here to see Anna Milton?” he says.
Dean watches her hands shake as she opens the envelope and pulls out what’s inside. Her eyes flicker across the paper, reading at seemingly a faster-than-human speed. She slows down for a second and she looks up at Dean. Then over to Cas, then back at Dean, then back to the papers. “You guys want —“ she cuts herself off and clears her throat. She won’t meet their eyes now, which Dean knows means that they’re probably full of tears. “You guys want to adopt me? Like, forever?” she asks.
He cranks up the radio, sings the whole way across town to pick up Cas to distract himself from how nervous he is.
Dean asks, leaning away from Cas. "I knew you were trashed, man. But not that bad," he says, "I guess hitting your head probably didn't help."
he grits through his teeth, and then gathers Dean into his arms to hold him there, right in the motel room chair in front of Sam and Rowena.
Cas shrugs. “I’ll probably just be at home. Maybe I’ll watch some of those movies you keep hounding me about,” he teases. He’s talking about the Westerns, he must be. Dean’s probably just going to have to sit down with him and
Damn, kid. Way to knock the wind out of a guy. Dean slides down the wall outside Jack’s room, and he starts to let the tears fall. He’s a pretty damn good silent crier — he’d perfected it at a very young age. Sharing motel rooms with your father and your brother who are trying to sleep will do that to you. He sits, and he listens to the remnants of Jack’s goodbye prayer, and he starts one himself.
“What were you talking to my mom about?” His voice is timid when it comes out, he’s closer to sounding like the 13-year-old that decorated this room as opposed to his nearly 22 year old self. He has an inkling, but he’s not happy about it.
Dean nods in agreement. Even if he wanted to argue, he doesn’t have the energy. He kind of thinks it’s a miracle in and of itself that he even left their bed at all today. He certainly hadn’t wanted to. His brother and his mom are both
He forgets for a moment that this Dean is not his Dean, until he pulls back and cups Cas’ face. Cas sees it in his eyes, this man is untouched by the end of times. He’s still optimistic, he still cares, he still
Cas smiles sadly down at him. “He has. Of course he has, he’s only human. Even angels make mistakes, so Castiel would never expect Dean to be perfect. Despite his many flaws and mistakes, Castiel loves him anyways," Cas says, almost like a reassurance. He knows that’s not what it is, because Dean doesn’t know that they’re the two people in this story.
Dean swallows and nods, helping Cas up off the ground to sit next to him on the couch again. Cas opens his arms, and Dean knows that this is technically about to turn into cuddling, but sue him. He’d like a little comfort after whatever the hell just happened. He leans into Cas, tucking his face into his neck. “Thanks,” he says softly. Time for a subject change, he doesn’t want to dwell on this or what it means any longer. “So you really don’t have anything to do for Christmas?” he asks, rubbing slow circles into Cas’ waist to soothe himself more than anything.
Cas just hums and closes his eyes again. He doesn’t have the energy for this game. Not after everything he went through yesterday. Part of him hopes that
be. He didn’t buy the damn blackout curtains for nothing. There’s a soft, blue light coming from somewhere behind him.
It’s a pretty small couch. More like a loveseat, really. If he shifted even a little, his knee would be touching Cas’. He reaches up to adjust his beanie again. Fuck, he’s gotta stop doing that. Cas is gonna catch on.
Brooke shakes her head, shrugging her shoulders at the same time. “Not really, almost done. You can go ahead and make Cas a plate, and yourself. Anna already ate the first batch, so I’ll just finish up mine and we’ll call it good,” she says, a warm smile on her face.
Please. As if. He laughs until he’s choking on it, until more bile bubbles up out of his stomach and into his throat, and he’s clutching the toilet bowl again.
i’m over on tumblr @mishaswitchtits for halloween, but if you’re reading this after october i’d be willing to bet you can find me back at plain ol mishastits. love you guys <3
He told Sam. It’s out there now. He snaps his head up and then goes completely still, and him and Sam are just staring at each other.
room, he reminds himself — creaks open. He blinks open his eyes and smiles when they settle on Dean carrying a tray with a bowl of soup and a mug of tea, both of them steaming. Castiel does his best to sit himself up in bed, and when he does, Dean places the tray on his lap and Castiel sees two more small pills next to the mug. He smiles gratefully and pops them into his mouth, swallowing them down with a wince. The tea’s almost too hot, but certainly not hot enough to do any lasting damage.
It makes Dean want to squirm. It makes him uncomfortable. Not because it's unwelcome, but because he just doesn't feel worthy. Some of the first words Cas had ever said to him were about him thinking he didn't deserve to be saved. He thinks to himself that he deserves Cas' love infinitely less than he deserved to be saved by him, time and time again.
Dean doesn't know how long he sits there, feeling useless before his phone rings. He jumps up at the abrupt sound shredding through the dead of night, cocking his gun on instinct. He releases a breath after he realizes it's Sam's ringtone, and he picks up. "Did you find him?"
Dean can’t bring himself to be mad, even though Jack’s frustrated with himself. Dean promises him that they’ll tell Cas that someone sideswiped them. He promises to keep Jack out of trouble, but Dean knows that he himself would be in a lot more trouble than Jack ever would be.
He’s just let him walk off, thinking he didn’t have a place in Dean’s life anymore. He believed himself to be all used up, no longer needed, and Dean had just let him believe that.
Something Cas admires most about Dean is how deeply and fully he loves. Not only his brother, but humanity. Dean has seen the absolute worst of them all, he’s
Cas’ head lolls from one side to the other, and his eyes crack open. “Dean?” he asks, trying to stand.
Cas dozes off somewhere between Dean kissing his neck and his collarbone, his body still exhausted from the bone from all the healing it has to do.
She stares at the papers a little more with her mouth opening and closing like she isn’t sure what to say. Slowly, she starts nodding. “Yeah,” she breathes. “Yes.”
Without waiting for Sam or Cas, Dean heads out to the garage in a huff to throw his stuff in. He climbs into the driver's seat and sits, waits. He won't admit it, won't even show it with anyone around, but he gets antsy before a hunt these days. After so many close calls, every hunt begins to feel like it could be their last. His leg bounces as he waits for Sam and Cas to get to the car. He told them ten minutes, and it's only been five. He wants to go inside and snap at them to get their asses in gear, but he doesn't. They're not technically running behind. Yet.
with liking dudes. The paying for sex from an underage kid part, yeah, that’s wrong. Of course that had been wrong, but — that was never what any of them were pissed at Dean for. It’s not what they were pissed at
Dean says, throwing the last word out of his mouth loud enough for his mother to hear him. He hears her laugh and it makes him grin as he ducks back in to grab their bags. “I’ll show you up to my room, you can put your stuff down in there.”
“I bet Dean loves Castiel back,” Dean says, lifting his head to look at Cas. “If he doesn’t, he really should.”
“This is insane,” Dean says. He shakes his head, turning back to Cas. “What the fuck am I supposed to do? Everything about this is insane.”
“You’re so good, Dean,” Cas whispers against his skin as he draws his finger out and slowly pushes it back in. “And I don’t mean just for me. You’re such a good man, with such a bright soul. The Righteous Man. That’s what they all called you. Dean Winchester, The Righteous Man.”
The drive to the Waffle House is utterly uneventful, the both of them humming along to some song by Def Leppard, Dean’s pretty sure. It only takes them the length of one song to be there, and Dean ushers Cas inside with a hand on the small of his back. He opens the doors for Cas, which always earns him a very soft and earnest “Thank you.” He never gets tired of it.
Dean thinks maybe he’s just losing his mind. Maybe he never found Cas. Maybe he imagined the whole damn thing. Cooked it up in his brain for a good excuse to not stay here again, and just… hallucinated the whole thing.
“How was it forty years in Hell but only three months on Earth?” Dean asks, his eyes wide. Cas can tell that Dean is hanging on his every word, trying so hard to retain everything that Cas is telling him.
Dean’s hands flatten against Castiel’s chest, and he slides them up over his shoulders and beneath the robe. He reaches around to the back of Castiel’s biceps to slowly rid him of the robe, leaving it pooled beneath Castiel’s hips and atop his own thighs. He brings his hands forward once more, and Castiel can’t meet his eyes, so he watches Dean’s hands instead. They’re back on his chest now, and he’s rolling both of Castiel’s nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. He doesn’t pull or twist or do anything to inflict any amount of pain, he’s just touching. Exploring.
him. Was it true? Yeah, absolutely. Dean thinks he's probably been fucked since the moment Cas laid a hand on him in Hell. But he'd only let himself acknowledge it
Dean chuckles at him, scratches at the back of his neck again. He’s hyper aware of all his own motions around Cas already, and he’s noticed he seems to be doing it a lot. Is it a fucking nervous tick? Does he have nervous ticks now? Whatever. Jesus,
He’s halfway up the steps to Cas’ apartment when he sees Cas at the top of them, looking disheveled and about half out of his mind with concern. It shouldn’t make Dean smile, but it does.
Dean closes his laptop, he’s not getting any more work done, at least not while his friends are here. “Uh, hey Charlie. This is Cas...tiel. Castiel. Cas, this is Charlie. That’s Garth and Anna over there,” he says, pointing to them at the counter where they stand ordering their own drinks, and Charlie’s too, undoubtedly.
Dean sighs and leans forward one more time to seal his lips against Cas’, and then he stands. Cas follows him into the kitchen and to the table, where Missouri’s made them soup. Chicken noodle, by the looks of it.
“Does it look like I’m laughin’?” Dean asks. He knows he looks and sounds desperate, but — he is. He doesn’t want to have to call his father.
Cas nods back, and there’s a thick silence permeating the air aside from the noises that Rowena makes in order to perform the spell.
Sam sighs, “It’s fine, Dean. Mom told me to call, actually. She’s a little busy,” he explains, without really explaining.
Dean strokes him through it, until Cas is shaking with oversensitivity. Dean slowly and carefully pulls out of Cas and runs to grab a wet washcloth. He brings it back and cleans off his own hand and Cas' stomach, and then he starts to wipe gently where his come had started to leak onto Cas' thighs. He cleans Cas up thoroughly and tosses the washcloth somewhere on the other side of the room. All he wants to do is scoop Cas into his arms and hold him for a while.
It’s gross, kinda tastes like cardboard, but it’ll get Sam off his ass about eating for the rest of the day, even if he only takes a few bites. He fights his way through three quarters of the pizza before he puts it down and pushes the plate back toward Sam. He signs
Sam explains what Eileen's been up to, tells them about the quick salt-and-burn they worked while he was away. He tells them he's back earlier than he expected to be because another hunter needed Eileen on a case in another state. He watches them be disgustingly in love, and he smiles. Dean wonders if Sam maybe saw it before he himself did. Everyone and their mothers had been making quips about him and 'the angel' being in love since Cas set foot in that barn in 2008. He wonders if Sam isn't as shocked as he should be because nothing has really changed, not really.
He feels the bed dip beside him and only then does he turn to see that it’s Cas that followed him up here. Not really surprising, and he’s happy that it’s Cas instead of Sam or his mother. He’s not angry at Sam, but he’s not really keen on talking to him or their mother at the present moment. He allows himself to lean on Cas, let Cas support his upper body weight.
Cas’ eyes slide closed, and he nods. “Sure,” he says quietly. Dean can tell he’s on the verge of sleep, and he doesn’t blame him — Cas must be exhausted. “Love you,” he adds, and then his breathing evens out almost instantly.
to be acts of service. That much hadn’t been hard to figure out. Every time they have a meal at Dean’s place, Cas does all the dishes in his sink, even if they’d been there before they ate. He always tidies Dean’s small messes when they study. Where Dean’s happy to shove everything away disorganized and messy just to get it out of his own sight, Cas always goes back to make sure everything’s in order for him.
"...after I cook the real shit. Me an' Cas don't want our food tainted with your weird health nut shit." He hears Dean say, and it makes him chuckle to himself out in the hallway. He crosses his arms and leans on the wall next to the doorway, out of eyeshot. He decides to listen a little longer before making himself known.
Dean meets his eyes and he shrugs. “Just wondered, I guess.” Cas gets the feeling that’s not the whole truth, but he’s not going to push Dean tonight. He hasn’t even said the words ‘I love you,’ but Cas isn’t going to pry. He’s not going to ask Dean to do anything he isn’t ready for.
He pulls out his phone and dials his mother’s number. She picks up pretty much instantly, because Dean doesn’t call often. “Dean!” she says, her voice full of the same cheer that it always is. How is she so good at that? She
“He -- Christ, man. He told me he loved me. Said he -- said he just wanted to say it. Said that I was -- I was the --
He finally turns his head to look up at Cas, his eyes heavy with sleep. “You’re warm,” is all he says.
“It’s okay, Dean. I’m just relieved you didn’t see anything… untoward.” Cas shifts and his ears get a little hot at the tips. He smiles at Dean anyways, and pushes through. “I’m glad to be back in the real world. I have you to thank for that.”
in Hell, and here he sits, topside and eating toast at the table with his boyfriend across from him. Yeah, that’s awesome. He’s such a good son. A great brother.
of Dean, and they’re as close as two people can possibly be. They’re connected in a way they never have been before, and Cas can’t get enough of it.
Dean presses a blind kiss to Cas’ skin wherever he can reach, and it winds up being his collarbone. Cas smiles, and he climbs off of Dean’s lap. “Gonna clean us up, be right back,” Dean says, and Cas hears him shuffle around and walk across the room. He flicks the light on so he can see, and Cas’ face lights up in an instant at the sight of him.
Cas smiles as wide as he ever has in all his years of life. Dean loves him back. As undeserving as they both may be, it doesn’t matter. They’re here, they’re alive, and they love each other. That’s all that matters. It’s all that ever mattered.
When he reaches the top, there’s a small door, and he climbs through it. Turns out, it’s an attic. It looks like it’s been repurposed into a bedroom, though. There’s a king sized bed pushed into the corner of the room, a small end table, and a lamp. He sits down on the bed and puts his head in his hands, trying to will the tears not to fall. Of course, because he’s weak, he fails.
Dean sits at the table and picks at the skin around his nails — a shitty habit that he should’ve broken ages ago. It’s lessened, since Cas, but it never fully went away. He kind of doubts that it ever will, especially when Cas leaves. He doesn’t have to worry about that today, though. He doesn’t have to worry about that at
he doesn’t say, but he thrusts his hips up slow enough that Cas can pull off and say no if he needs to.
Cas shakes his head. “No. Fractured, maybe, but nothing I can’t handle for now. I would really like to lay down, Dean,” he says. He sounds so weak. Dean has never seen Cas so weak, seen him look so small. He helps him into bed, covering him up to his hips but leaving his torso exposed so he can rub some antibiotic ointment onto the cuts, both to help the bandages stick a little better, and to make sure they don’t get infected.
They reach the portal after a while. Dean and Benny do some sort of ritual, and Benny’s soul hitches a ride inside Dean’s forearm. Once he’s in, Cas tries to tell him. Tries to tell him he’s not coming, that Dean has to go on without him, get Benny and (more importantly) himself back home. He wants to tell Dean to say hello to Sam for him, wants to tell Dean that he loves him, too.
major for fuck’s sake, and here he is, majoring in fucking Auto Mechanics. He clears his throat and tries to will his face to go back to a normal color and temperature, and probably making himself go redder in the process. “I know it’s not… like… anything special, but,” he scratches the back of his neck, refuses to meet Cas’ eye, “Auto Mechanics. Minoring in Business, so I can open a shop someday like my dad,” he says. Bobby’s not his dad, but he’s as close as it gets, and that’s not something Dean feels like delving into with a near-stranger.
He gets ready for bed, stripping off his shirt and his pants. He replaces the pants with a pair of shorts to sleep in, and Cas’ eyes follow him around the room. He’d be embarrassed if he wasn’t too tired to think about anything other than his head hitting his pillow.
Yeah, no thanks, Dean doesn't like that. "No," he pauses, his heart starting to split open at the look on Cas' face. "Partners. Husbands, someday. Maybe. If you wanted that." Why the
Dean rolls his eyes, he can’t help it. “Clothes, Cas. You don’t have any clean clothes. I came up here to tell you not to put the dirty ones back on before I went to get your bag,” he says, and because he just can’t help himself, he leans forward with one hand on Cas’ waist and plants one on his mouth.
She balls up her fist and pumps it, “Yes! Fuck yeah, Cas!” Charlie says, reaching across the table to pat at Dean’s cheek. “You’ve
“Yeah, I’m fine. Who are you?” he asks. Sam and Rowena need to hurry. He reminded Dean of his name only moments ago.
Mary won’t say anything. She’s frozen in place, and honestly a little green. Dean groans in frustration and pushes himself up off the couch, and he storms off down one of the hallways leading out of the living room. This place is pretty big, and he discovers a set of stairs, so he ascends. He can hear footfalls behind him, following him up, but he doesn’t care enough to check who it is.
The odd thing is, he only sweats when he’s warm. Right now, he’s cold enough that he snags some more of the blankets from Dean’s side to cocoon himself better, to try and keep more heat in.
Probably-Brooke is still standing in the doorway looking concerned. “Nice to meet you,” Dean says, trying to haul Cas back into something close to a standing position. “I need to get him in the tub. Can you help?” he asks, and Probably-Brooke rushes over to help support Cas’ weight. Together, they get him into the tub and sitting up against the back wall. “Thanks,” Dean says. “I’m Dean.”
Dean nods, and his eyes are watery again. No matter what kind of weird shit his mom might get up to with the jugs of water hidden under sinks and behind cleaning supplies, she loves him. That’s enough.
to do, but he’s doing it anyway. He used to be able to close his eyes and see the exact shade of blue in his eyes. He used to be able to hear Cas’ voice so clearly in his head, but he realizes for the first time — he can’t hear that voice anymore.
Cas catches the car keys and stares at them in his hand for a second before looking back up at Dean. “Are you sure?” he asks.
Cas pulls out about halfway, only to push back in just as slow as he originally did. He keeps this pace for a few seconds, running his fingers through Dean’s hair. “I love you, too,” he says after a while. He’s building up to a steady pace, designed to get them both somewhere, but not for a while yet.
Cas is riding in a jeep with Dean from the past. Neither of them are speaking, they’ve said everything they need to. Dean’s hand just rests on top of Cas’ thigh, giving him a reassuring squeeze every few minutes.
Dean shushes him against his mouth and reaches his free hand up to tuck a few strands of hair behind Castiel’s ear. “It’s okay, Cas,” he whispers. “I’ve got you, I’m right here.”
“I ain’t poetic like that,” Dean says softly, “But just know that I love you, too. So much, Cas. So much more than I thought I could love another person,” he whispers back. “I know it hasn’t been long at all, but I really don’t care. I wanted to say it at Christmas,” he admits.
So instead, he’s driving. He’s driving, he’s got his favorite music turned up as loud as he can stand it, and he’s enjoying the lack of indigestion in Heaven. He’s enjoying the way his joints don’t ache anymore, he’s even enjoying the damn sunshine on his face. It’s something he’s realizing he never really paid attention to back on Earth. When your life consists of diner food and killing monsters, you kinda forget to enjoy the little things.
Someday, Claire will join them. Sam, too. They’ll be a family in Heaven just as they were on earth, and it’ll all be good.
Dean gapes at him. “You’re my best friend,” he says quietly. “Even if I didn’t love you back, I -- I’d still
When he pulls back, Cas’ whole face is flushed red. He’s sure he’ll probably have a hell of a lot of fun tonight when he gets home. “Do you want me to sit with you while you have lunch or not,” Cas says flatly. It’s hardly even a question.
“This is gonna hurt,” Dean says, coming back from under the sink with a bottle of isopropyl alcohol and some soft gauze. There are a few large bandages underneath the sink as well, so he grabs them and puts them on the counter for when he’s done. There’s no medical tape, so he’ll probably take Cas to their room to actually bandage him, so he can stay in bed and rest.
Cas nods, “Yes, Cas. I’m Cas. You’re Dean, and Sam is your brother,” he confirms, angling his body to better face Dean. He’s got one leg curled up so that his ankle is on the bench seat of the truck, and his back is leaned up against the driver’s side door.
needed to get some of that out of his system, so that maybe when he’s drunk off his ass later tonight, he won’t have such an issue keeping his hands to himself.
sucked. Those were a hard few weeks. It was during those weeks that Sammy had caught him. It was during those weeks that he begged his 12 year old brother not to tell their father what he was.
In 336 days here, Dean has only ever been this late once. Cas sets off in the direction of Dean’s longing, his own prayers for Dean’s safety falling on deaf ears, he’s sure.
He walks up the stairs, knocks on the door, and stands back. “Just a moment!” he hears from inside, and he grins at Cas’ unwavering formality. His face drops instantaneously as soon as Cas swings the door open with wet hair, a white t-shirt clinging to his still slightly damp skin, and a pair of basketball shorts. He’s drying his hair on the towel and he grins as he steps back to let Dean into the apartment.
one room over, and his mother coming into his room moments later with Sammy, both of them with blood spatter on their faces.
Dean just hums and rolls his hips upward — they do it like this, sometimes. When it’s early and they’re too lazy for all the build-up, and it’s very quickly becoming one of those mornings. “We’ll do it again,” he promises. “You can — you can ride me, if you want. Sometime soon.” It has to be sometime soon. He doesn’t know how long they have left.
Dean helps Cas sit up in bed, even though Cas doesn’t really need it. He just likes the feeling of Dean’s hands on him. He grabs the water off the nightstand and takes a few gulps. He doesn’t need it, but it feels nice going down, so he drinks. He hands it to Dean when he’s done, who downs the rest of it in one go.
When he breaks away, Dean presses their foreheads together and smiles down at Jack where he lays in Cas’ arms. He’s blinking up at them with wide, cerulean eyes and Dean’s eyes well up with tears. This, right here, in the kitchen of the bunker, he has his own little family. Sammy, too, probably off in his room, but this is different. Jack is their kid. He’s a
“You’re a real charmer, ain’t ya?” Dean asks, and he winks. Cas feels his cheeks heat up again, but that only seems to spur Dean on. “My own personal knight in shining armor,” he says, and he shuffles the tiniest bit closer to Cas. “What happened next?” he asks, and his voice is just a touch softer than it had been previously.
It’s not windy out here at all, so it’s not that, no. The roots of the delilah are being displaced, and directly below them, there’s — oh
Cas spreads his legs as Dean makes his way over to the bed again. He lets Dean clean him up, and his heart aches in his chest at how gentle Dean is. It’s a simple intimacy, but it’s just another thing Cas never imagined he'd get to experience. Dean presses a kiss to his stomach before he throws the rag somewhere across the room to be dealt with later.
“Worried that I’d perv on ya in the shower, Cas?” Dean teases, but Cas can feel his face heat up. He goes to remove his hand, but Dean grabs it and holds on for a second. Cas swallows and looks at him, no idea what to expect. This is one of the most and
“When I rebuilt you… I saw it. I saw your love, your compassion. Memories are built into the human soul. Dean. I saw everything. I saw how much you loved Sam, I saw your love for your father, regardless of how little he had actually earned it. Neither of those things ever wavered. I saw your love for Cassie, even. She was the only one you had ever loved that way, and it was beautiful. And most importantly, I saw your love for humanity.
“Right. Follow me, I guess,” Dean says, slipping past Cas who still stands in the doorway to make his way to the kitchen. Mary’s sitting on the couch on the phone, so Dean tries his best to stay quiet as they make their way to the kitchen to turn on the oven and throw a pizza in. Sam comes out of his room when he smells food, so Dean throws in a second pizza about five minutes after he’s thrown in the first one. He lets Sam have the first pizza.
Dean swears to God he sees Cas’ eyes flicker to his lips. They’re back on his eyes in less than a second though, and he nods his head. “Yes,” he says. He doesn’t elaborate.
He nods again. What else can he say? There’s nothing to say. Everything about this is completely and utterly insane. “Okay,” he says. “Alright. What do we do?” he asks.
It’s pretty chaste as far as kisses go, it lasts around ten seconds (as is the rule), and there’s no tongue. Her lips feel nice against his, but all the kiss really does for him is reinforce the fact that, yep, he really
it’s not like that’s something Dean has any right to be angry about. He is anyway. He’s pissed off. Cas’ first kiss should’ve been with someone he
Dean has no idea how long he’s out before he comes to in the low light of his own bedroom. His head feels like there’s something inside of it pounding against the inside of his skull, and for a split second he’s worried about
Cas shuts him right up with a kiss. Dean can hear his wings rustling, and then he can feel them against his back. They’re heavier than he had been expecting, but then, in order to carry an angel around, Dean figures they’d have to be pretty hefty.
He resists the urge to kiss Cas on the cheek again, only because his mother would see, and that’s something he really doesn’t feel like dealing with upon his arrival home for the first time since the summer. He leaves the car running so that Cas won’t get cold, and he hops out after putting her in park.
God, like they do this every morning or something, Cas takes the juice and sips at it. Dean could kiss him. Again. He keeps forgetting it even happened. He wants to be upset at himself for letting their first kiss be during a stupid, childish game of
But he knows he can’t. He knows that all he can have is what he’s got right now, and that only the next two weeks with Cas are promised. Everything after that is just borrowed time, so he has to savor this. Every single second of it.
There’s a diner right next to the motel, so they don’t bother getting in the car. The walk side-by-side, maybe a little too close. If someone was paying attention, they might suspect something, so Dean puts a few more inches of space between them even though all he wants to do is lace his fingers with Cas’ and never let go.
Cas stands from the bed and heads into the bathroom, and Dean hears it shut with a soft click. He hears the water running, figures Cas is probably just brushing his teeth, too. He throws his shirt on and sits on the edge of the bed, waiting for Cas.
By the time they arrive in Lawrence, it’s time for lunch. They saved on breakfast this morning, so they can afford something a little more than gas station hot dogs and a bag of chips. Dean pulls into the first diner he sees, and he parks in the back where there aren’t many other cars around so he can lean over and smack a kiss to Cas’ lips. “Good as you look in my clothes, I can’t wait to get you out of ‘em later,” he says, and he punctuates it with a kiss against his jaw. “Let’s eat.”
Cas smiles at him but says nothing, lifting the waistband of his boxers to expose him to the cool air. He makes quick work of them, throwing them somewhere across the room, long forgotten.
Dean grins at him, and he nods. “That’d be great, sweetheart,” he says, and he walks past Cas to get to the table and sit down. He presses a kiss to his cheek on the way.
When all’s said and done, he searches the crowd for Cas first. He can find Cas, then track down Anna and Charlie and Garth, they can all find their parents, and then they can get the hell outta dodge and get
Cas watches him with wide eyes, and Dean’s pretty sure his pupils weren’t that wide a few seconds ago. Jesus. Fuck. Okay. Dishes. The dishes need done. He turns around to turn the faucet on, but before he can get his hands wet, Cas’ hand presses firmly against the small of his back. “Dean,” he says, but doesn’t elaborate.
Dean sits down on the floor next to him, pressing a hand to his leg and hoping there’s not a wound beneath it. “Just stay. Stay right there, okay? I’ve got you now, Cas. I have you,” he says.
again and all should be well,” he says. Cas gives him a smile at that, and Dean feels more than a little proud.
i never would’ve finished this story without them, and without YOU! yeah, you, reading this! all of your comments and kudos mean more to me than i could ever explain. thank u all so much 🥺💖💋
had been able to stop him from loving Cas. So who the fuck is the ghost of John Winchester to try? Dean traces patterns on Cas' skin with his fingertips, pressing soft kisses into his neck. He can feel his eyelashes brush against Cas' skin every time he blinks. He tilts his head up to kiss along Cas' jaw until he reaches his ear. He kisses the top of it and whispers, "Thank you."
on me," Cas huffs, rolling his eyes affectionately. He does, however, turn his head to the opposite wall once Dean is out of his jeans. Dean's a little bit grateful for that.
Cas had only been dead six months when Dean himself bit it. Cas was dead, there was no real reason for him to try and figure out how he felt about the guy. He hardly had time to pick himself up and move on. He didn’t even really do that much. Every day, his first and last thought had been about how much he missed Cas. He had wished more than anything that Cas had been with them. Maybe he would’ve fought a little harder to live if Cas had been there. Maybe Cas could’ve saved his stupid ass one more time.
About a week after they plant the flowers, Dean walks past Jack’s room and the door is ajar. He can see Jack kneeling by his bed, and he stops to listen, just for a second.
“Have you heard back from Anna?” Cas calls from the kitchen. It feels like the hundredth time he’s asked that question in the last three goddamn days.
There’s fighting. A lot of it. Cas deviates from his usual paths, the places he’s learned to lay low. He has to, in order to get to the portal. He starts using his grace, his powers again. It’s simpler that way. It draws in more monsters, but he’s able to defeat them easier like this. It’s easier to protect Dean this way.
reading his thoughts. But now, as a human, it’s so much harder. It doesn’t help that Dean has started to treat him differently in the last few months.
Castiel finally finds it within himself to relax, and as soon as he does, Dean’s finger is pressing inside of him. It’s almost agonizing, how slow he goes. The intrusion is something that Castiel is going to have to adjust to, but it’s not uncomfortable by any means. To have any part of Dean
Dean’s ears are ringing. He didn’t catch anything after the bit about his mother. He’s pretty sure he’s just staring at a wall. He thinks back, back, back, all the way back to being a small child in dinosaur bed sheets, hearing noises he couldn’t understand or explain if you asked him to. He thinks about his parents coming home in the dead of night, covered in dirt. He thinks about the fight he heard the night of the fire. He thinks about all of it. His mother was supposed to
Dean nods, slings Sam’s diaper bag over his shoulder, and then his own bag over the other one so he’s slightly more balanced. “We’re going now?” he asks.
‘Dean Winchester lives here.’ If Castiel could fit himself between the beat of Dean’s heart and the drag of his lungs, he thinks he would. If he could crawl inside of Dean, then he would never have to leave. Dean would never ask him to. But he cannot, and the closest he can get is spending this night in Dean’s room, even if it is the only one. He allows himself to bask in the faint smell of Dean, definitive proof that, yes, he’s made his home here. Dean Winchester has a home for the first time in his life, and this fact makes Castiel happier than he’s sure anything else ever has.
Dean does his best to plaster the same smile onto his own face, and it only slips a little when he walks forward and loses the contact from Cas. He pulls Charlie into a hug, kissing the side of her head. “Good to see you,” he says. It’s the first time he’s seen her since they all left for break. Everything’s been so busy, and he doesn’t actually have any classes with Charlie this semester. Or Garth, for that matter. He has three with Cas, and he’s pretty sure he was supposed to have at least one with Anna, but this explains why he hasn’t seen her.
All that being said, Dean’s not sure he exactly wants to see Cas. Not that he never wants to see him again, that’s not it at all -- it’s just -- he has no
Castiel lets out a sharp cry, but it’s anything but painful. It’s pure bliss. It’s like nothing he’s ever felt, and he’s sure he’ll never feel it again, until Dean twists a little harder. Out of pure instinct, Castiel grabs the base of his own cock to stop it from putting an abrupt end to this whole ordeal before he even gets Dean inside him.
Cas shakes his head, “I’m fine. Anna healed us both, but you weren’t waking up and we couldn’t figure out
“You’d do that?” Dean asks, cocking his head. He turns back to working on the car to hide the way his eyes are surely starting to shine, if the way they sting is any indicator.
His whole entire body feels like an exposed nerve every second of every day. He never gets any peace, not even here, not really. It’s just as close as he comes, and even this doesn’t seem to work anymore.
He unceremoniously drops his bag at the foot of the bed, rummaging through it for a pair of pajamas to throw on for the night. The shirt he’s wearing is fine, but he does
He makes his way out to the Impala and he climbs into the back, knowing his place. He stretches his legs out, takes a jacket out of his bag, and balls it up against the window as a pillow. He allows his eyes to close, but doesn’t get the chance to drift back off before he hears the driver’s side door squeak open. He cracks one eye open and sees Dean turning the key in the ignition.
Castiel feels like his very human heart is about to beat right out of his chest. He squirms a little, readjusts his legs so they’re more comfortable, and Dean leans down to look into his eyes. “Hey,” he says again, in that same soft voice that makes Castiel’s toes curl.
For everything, Cas. All of it. You and me, man — we’ve caused each other more pain in the last decade alone than most people see in a
The drive back to the motel they’re staying at is silent. It’s tense. They’re both fed up with this stupid, twisted version of a scavenger hunt. They both want to be finished with it more than anything. Of course Dean doesn’t want Cas to go, but — he also doesn’t want to spend every waking moment being reminded of how he’s leaving.
It’s probably because his love for Cas has existed for so many years under the surface. It just feels natural to sit in silence with him while they eat. It feels natural to sit a little too close, for touches to linger a little too long. Just because Dean’s feelings have been inconveniently brought to surface-level, it doesn’t mean things have to change. It doesn’t mean things have to be weird. If anything, they’re less weird now that he knows. He understands why he wants to be so close to Cas, why it would kill him if he lost him. It would kill him to lose Cas pretty much the same way it would kill him to lose Sam.
a blowjob? Dean doesn't know. And he doesn't feel like asking. Because if Cas says yes, he thinks he'll go insane. The thought of anyone else ever seeing Cas this way makes him jealous, and it makes him that much more determined to make this fucking awesome for Cas. He shimmies out of his own boxers, so he can grind against the bed where he lays between Cas' legs.
Dean pulls away to breathe, and his eyes shine as he looks down at Cas. Cas rubs his back, smiling patiently up at him. “What’s on your mind?” he asks simply.
Dean wakes up alone just a few hours later, and his instant reaction is panic. He tunes his ears in to listen for the creaking of shitty motel room water pipes, but he’s only met with the faint noises from the room on the other side of his wall and cars passing on the street outside. His heart is racing when he sits up, and his first thought is that he should just call Cas, see what he’s up to, but — the guy came here with some insane brick-phone that’s completely flat and made of glass and utterly fucking
He grabs his keys from where they sit on the countertop, and races down to his car. He’s nervous, yes, but excited too. As much as he whines about partying, he usually has a lot of fun whenever he actually drags himself out and goes to them. With Cas there this time, he hopes it’ll be even more fun than it usually is. He’s yet to see Cas loosen up even a
Cas whines, but he cracks his eyes open. “I don’t like you very much,” he says. Dean laughs, he knows Cas doesn’t mean it. He’s just quite possibly the grumpiest person in the world when he first wakes up.
Dean stares up at him in what Cas can only describe is awe. His hands have come to settle on Cas’ hips, and his thumbs are just under the hem of Cas’ t-shirt and just above the elastic of the pants he’s wearing. Cas sits up straight in Dean’s lap and makes a show of stretching out his body as he lifts his shirt over his head. He knows what Dean likes to see, knows how to move his body in ways that will make Dean’s head spin. He’s at an advantage here, but that’s okay.
It’s not heated or desperate. This isn’t going anywhere, not right now. Dean’s more than content to stand here and kiss Cas until his lips go raw. He likes the scratch of Cas’ stubble against his lips, the gentle hands on his back. The hands that could crush him,
Without any more words between them, Cas follows Dean through the bunker and into his bedroom. Once inside, he closes the door behind himself and hears it click. He’s not sure what to do after that, so he stands in front of the door and waits for cues from Dean.
Cas is staring at him with wide eyes, like he might get up and run for the hills at any second. "What?" he asks, but Dean knows he's aware of what he's referring to.
That’s another one of his angelic abilities that actually had stayed intact, his ability to tell time. This place is always near-twilight, never quite daylight but never quite pitch black, either. He could tell you exactly what time it is back on Earth, in any time zone you might be able to think of. He could probably even tell you how many days it’s been on Mars since he got to this place if he cared enough to consider it. He doesn’t.
He takes his free hand, and presses his lube-slick finger right where no one else ever has before. Well, maybe no one. He doesn’t know if Dean’s ever done this on his own.
man," Dean complains, but there's no real protest behind his words. He's too flustered to put up an actual fight.
His cock sits between them, the tip leaving a slick spot in the middle of Dean’s belly. He rocks his hips, chasing the slick slide of his cockhead and grinding down onto Dean at the same time. Dean tilts his head to get a better angle, and he kisses Cas breathless. Cas becomes completely pliant in his arms, somehow this Dean has already got the hang of their usual rhythm.
He stands back up and pulls his own boxers down, getting himself out. He smiles when Dean lets out a desperate groan and sits back down on the edge of the bed, staring up at Cas like he’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen. Cas thinks he’ll need something stronger than weed if he wants to think about how far he’s fallen from the Castiel that Dean knows.
Cas just stares at him in awe and wonder. He lines his ring finger up next to his middle, and pushes back in. It earns him a gasp from Dean, a few deep breaths to relax himself again, and a happy sigh when both of Cas’ fingers sink all the way into him.
“Excited for Christmas?” Dean asks, and then it hits him — he hasn’t even gotten anything for Cas yet. Shit. Has Cas gotten him something? Are they doing that? Are they exchanging gifts? Fuck. He doesn’t know what he’d even
Once they get there, Mary’s sitting on the couch with a pizza box in front of her, crouched over it mid-bite. Dean smiles when she puts it down and jumps up, wiping pizza grease on her scrubs. She swallows the bite she just took and walks toward Dean, smacking a greasy kiss to his forehead. He knows it’ll probably make him break out, but he smiles anyway. His mom’s about to get really mad, so he’ll take what he can get.
He receives a prayer from Dean every day around what would be close to nine in the evening, if they were back on Earth. Sometimes it’s a few minutes early, sometimes a few minutes late. Once, Dean hadn’t prayed to him until nearly eleven. He’d been ready to actually start looking for him, until finally,
"Yeah, yeah. Whatever, Sammy. Just go see your girlfriend," Dean says, but there's no bite behind his words as his arms come up to wrap around Sam. He pats him on the back a couple of times before wrenching himself from Sam's grip. "She's waitin' for ya," he winks, giving Sam a light shove.
Cas nods against his lips. “Always,” he says. “I’ll always come back to you. Which — that means I have to keep that promise to you in the future, too,” he says.
Dean shoots her a heartfelt smile before they move on to Garth. “Jeez, guys. I was just gonna say I’m thankful for all the food,” he laughs.
Dean thinks, before he's grabbing his Old Spice body wash and squirting some onto a loofa (they fucking
Cas smiles gratefully at him and they both head toward the house. Before they walk inside, Dean takes Cas’ wrist. Cas turns to face him, quirking an eyebrow. “Everything alright?”
Cas hums once, absolutely enamored with the kid in his arms. Dean reaches to rub at the back of one of Jack’s hands with his thumb, and Jack turns his hand over to open it and close it again around Dean’s thumb. “Strong grip you got there, huh kid? Couldn’t get away if I wanted to,” he says under his breath, wiggling his thumb back and forth to feign trying to get out of Jack’s grip. Of course, it’s more to get a laugh out of Cas than anything else, because the kid doesn’t really understand what’s going on. Regardless, it works, Cas gives him a chuckle and finally glances over to him.
The word is out of his mouth before he can think to stop it, but why would he stop it, anyways? Dean
He takes a hesitant bite of the bacon in front of him, and he look strangely pleased when he realizes that Dean cooked the stuff he swore he’d never touch. His smile falls flat after a few seconds. “What did you do?”
into his arms, almost knocking him over with the force of it. “I missed you,” she says, squeezing him. Suddenly, she goes rigid, probably having seen that Dean hasn’t come home alone. “Who’s your friend?” she says, not a hint of heat in her voice, just curious.
him like this is something he can only describe as wondrous. His mouth falls open and a broken moan escapes, all while Dean starts to move his finger with shallow little thrusts.
but Dean beats him to it. “You know, just a few days ago, I tried to get you laid.” Cas looks up at him and widens his eyes. He
His mom and Sam are doing okay, now. They’re still a little jumpy around sudden, loud noises, and his mother got
Dean had woken up on the 11th, searched every inch of the old house, and found nothing. He probably would’ve checked the whole block if he hadn’t been so scared of someone seeing him, of the angels being able to find him.
He looks so touchable like this. He looks like Dean could just reach out and touch his face and nothing would change. His eyes are still open, trailing over Dean’s frame where his shoulders poke out from under the covers.
Cas huffs out a laugh and drops his forehead to lean against the top of Dean’s head. He buries his nose in the short, soft hairs there, and he hums. “We aren’t even sure if you’ll remember all of this. It’s possible — probable, even — that you’ll forget everything from the moment you were cursed once it’s lifted.”
Dean presses a hand against his own chest to stop his heart from racing. That’s the first time Cas has used an emoticon in the (almost) month Dean’s known him. It shouldn’t make his heart beat so hard it feels like it might jump out of his chest, but it does.
And Cas wants to kiss him. Wants to lean down and press their mouths together and kiss the Dean below him until neither of them can think straight. He wants to take him apart, re-learn his body and put him back together again, like he did in Hell all those years ago.
They get to Cas' room and Dean takes it upon himself to peel back the covers and slip underneath them. He hold his arms open for Cas with a soft smile on his face. He can't believe he has this, that he's allowed to have this. There's nobody here to tell him that what he feels is wrong. There's just Cas, there's always Cas. Cas who loves him, his best friend Castiel. When Cas crawls under the covers and slots their legs together, Dean hums happily. "Sleepy?" he asks, carding his hand through Cas' hair. It's softer than Dean would've ever imagined.
Cas shakes his head, he hates that even without the knowledge of everything he’s done, Dean’s default emotion is guilt. “It’s not your fault. You’re Dean Winchester,” he says his name with conviction, resting a hand over one of Dean’s own. “I’m Casti—Cas. I’m Cas, and your brother’s name is Sam, and he’s out trying to get your memories back,” Cas reminds him gently, giving his hand another squeeze. “Of course I’ll tell you the story.
Dean smiles, and it’s a wicked thing. He walks up to stand in front of Cas and readjust his headband, making sure it’s on him straight. “Yes, you
Anna nods her head. “We just need to find my grace,” she says. “If we find it, I can help protect you. I can help keep you safe. Dean, you’re still my best friend. I love you, and so does Cas. Even if it’s different from how I love you. Neither of us want anything to happen to you.”
Dean, however, seems to be taking his usual route of deflection. “Seems like I’m a lot more stupid in 2014, if you ask me,” he says. That’s fine, Cas will let him get away with it. After all, this Dean has already given him more in the last two days than his Dean has in the last two years.
Dean’s never been flayed alive, but he imagines it feels somewhere close to this. “Touch me,” he whispers. “Anywhere. Just keep touching me. Don’t stop.”
Only one thing left to do, Dean supposes. He puts his cocktail down on the dock beside him where Aaron had been sitting only a few moments ago. He clasps his hands in his lap, and he closes his eyes. He even bows his head for good measure. “Cas,” he prays, once he can’t hear Aaron’s footsteps anymore. “I -- I’m here, okay? Come find me. I think -- I think I need to talk to you.”
From somewhere inside the house, there’s a guttural roar that wakes Dean from his sleep. His tiny body shakes where it lays, curled up in his dinosaur-print bedsheets. Had that been his dad? Is he okay? He doesn’t think that’s what his dad sounds like. There are a lot of noises coming from next door, Sam’s room, he thinks.
“I had an idea,” Jack says quietly. “What if…” he starts, “What if I just… go to the Empty and get him?” he says, like it’s just that simple, like it doesn't mean anything.
Dean pulls up to the curb outside Missouri’s house and lets the car idle for a second. “If she’s — if she’s the real deal, she’s — uh, she’s gonna know,” he says. “About us. She’ll probably be able to tell. So just — maybe you should wait here?” he says.
Dean finishes up breakfast in silence, with Cas sipping coffee a few feet away from him. The very presence of Cas is distracting right now. Dean eats as he cooks, and then he puts Cas’ plate down in front of him at the table and wordlessly goes back to cooking.
They stay in the shower, kissing slow and sweet until they’ve both pretty much air-dried. Dean steps out and gives himself a once-over with a clean towel just for good measure, and Cas uses the same one as earlier to do the same. Cas puts on the clothes he originally planned to, much to Dean’s dismay. He whines when Cas’ sweatpants come to rest on his hips, and he sighs in defeat when he slips the t-shirt over his head. Dean slips on a pair of boxers and a pair of Sam’s old gym shorts, as well as a t-shirt from his own bag. They’re only going across the hall, but — Cas had a good point. They’re guests. Dean’s not going to walk around Missouri’s house in just his underwear, even if her room
The reaction he gets from Cas every single time he says it is all the more reason to say it as often as it pops into his head. His eyes fill with wonder and awe, and he gets this tiny little smile on his face that Dean doesn’t even think he’s aware of. “You overwhelm me,” Cas whispers, and he presses their lips together again. “I love you, too.”
Well, Dean doesn’t really see how that’s any different than what’s going on. “Okay,” he says once more. “Why are you talking like you failed? It worked. I—I fucking
His mommy says, and he can tell she’s crying. He knows all too well what his mommy sounds like when she’s been crying. She does it a lot.
He stares forward for a while, contemplating. After about half a minute or maybe two hours, he squeezes Cas’ hand, just barely.
When he’s down to his boxers, Cas sighs and walks to Dean in the center of the room. “I’m gonna get you ready for bed, okay? Can you help me out? I just need you to lift your arms and your feet when I tell you,” Cas says.
“Charlie, I swear to God…” Dean trails off. “What about school? You shouldn’t be in the middle of this. You should have Bobby turn the goddamn car around and drop you right back in Kansas.”
Dean’s still not convinced he didn’t make him up half the time. He’s just — he’s perfect. In every way that matters, Cas is goddamn perfect, and Dean just — he can’t help himself. He takes the clothes from Cas’ hand and puts them up on the counter, and he rests his own hand on Cas’ hip where it juts out just barely. “You drive me crazy,” he says quietly.
“No,” Missouri answers simply. “You know, Dean, it’s rude to leave your friends in the cold. Why don’t you wave him over here, and I’ll let you both out of the cold,” she winks. Dean decides right then and there that he does
Cas picks at his food like he always does, shoving it around on his plate with his fork more than anything. Dean wishes the guy would just
“Your whole life, all you’ve done is protect. You protected Sam as best you could, you protected Cassie from the truth, and you protected humanity from all the evils that lurk at their doorsteps. I saw you spend thirty years in Hell, on the rack, protecting other souls from yourself. I saw it all, Dean. All of that protection, with little to no recognition,” Cas says, and he’s shaking. He doesn’t know why, but he can’t seem to stop it. He realizes, with horror, that Dean is the one that’s shaking.
“No. Fuck, Cas. Just give me a fucking minute,” Dean grumbles, standing in the middle of the room and staring at Cas.
“This?” Cas whispers, and he pinches, effectively cutting off Dean’s air flow. He picks up the pace again and Dean nods furiously, his own eyes wide with something close to panic, but not quite. Just adrenaline, he thinks. The rush he gets from putting his life in the hands of someone he trusts — someone he
turns him off of the idea. Thinking about the noise Cas might make when Dean slips his tongue into his mouth outweighs the thought of any potential discomfort. His dick twitches in his pants, and okay. That’s it, something else. Think of something else. Anything else. Please.
Dean. It’s truly awful. But no, it’s not happening right now. Cas did something to this place—blocked them from my mind, somehow. I don’t know how he did it, but thank fuck he did,” she says. Anna doesn’t curse a lot, so that’s a little jarring to Dean’s ears.
There are a couple of ways he could go about this. He could go the douchebag route, make fun of Cas a little, tease him. He thinks that’s too dickish, even for him, so that’s off the list. He could be overly nice about it, offer to usher Cas out the door with some sort of half-assed excuse so he doesn’t have to have his first kiss during a fucking game of spin the bottle. He could, of course, offer to kiss him, but that’s a little bit of a dead giveaway isn’t it? So, no to that one as well. “You wanna change that?” he finally asks. Cas could take it one of a few ways, so he’ll just wait and see.
“It’s Cas. Can you let me in, Dean?” Cas asks, hopeful that Dean will open the door and allow him access instead of being afraid. Thankfully, the lock clicks and the door unlatches, and it cracks open just an inch. He pushes it open just far enough to slip inside, and then he closes it again. “You alright?” he asks.
"Seriously, Cas, it's fuckin weird how you wet it twice. Never met anyone else who does that," Dean speaks around the toothbrush in his mouth, toothpaste dripping down his chin from the corners of his mouth.
Sam eventually knocks on the door to offer them dinner, knowing they won't pull themselves from the TV of their own volition. They eat in bed again, and Dean washes their dishes again afterward. Once again, he insists Cas stay in bed.
Cas sighs and flicks the light off, causing Dean to whine. “That’s why I’m not going to, Dean. The next time I kiss you, if I ever get to, you’re never going to forget it.” With this, he leaves the room and shuts the door, leaving Dean with nothing but his thoughts and the sliver of light that shines through the crack beneath the door.
omg omg omg aaaa only the epilogue left after this!! can you believe it!!! now i know this fic isn't like crazy long, it'll probably just barely go over 30k after the epilogue, but i feel like this is my baby. another massive massive thank you to everyone who encouraged me over the last week and a half as i churned this out. yall are literally life savers, i mean that!
look him in the face. “That’s probably for the better. You weren’t yourself,” he says, and he turns his head to look out the window of the motel room. He catches sight of Dean staring at him in his peripheral, so he flicks his eyes to meet Dean’s for a split second. He turns his head and goes right back to staring at his feet.
They pull up to the house and walk inside together to find Charlie, Garth, and Anna all sat in front of the TV watching something that looks vaguely
It’s New Year’s Eve now, only a few minutes from midnight. Dean had considered driving back to school last night so they could go to the parties that are sure to be happening back on campus right now, but ultimately, spending it with Cas seemed more important.
He was right. Mary’s face is as pale as he imagines his is. She just stares. Her eyes dart back and forth between Dean and Bobby. “You’re going to college… in Lawrence,” she says. “Dean, I don’t like that. You know that’s where your father died,”
to go to school on your birthday?” he teases. “I can drive you when you’re done with breakfast, and you can just be late.”
Dean finishes his food and stares at the screen, but he can't focus to save his life. Its a good thing he's seen this movie a thousand times, or else he'd be pissed at Cas for distracting him like this. Except, Cas isn't even really doing anything. He's just watching the movie, completely unbothered. This bothers Dean
but his grip is much softer this time. Cas searches his face with wide, hopeful eyes, and Dean just guides Cas’ hand back to rest on his shoulder. He places it slightly lower, right over the mark Cas had left all those years ago.
Dean chuckles, because there’s nothing else to do before you say something like what he’s about to. “Nah, buddy. I’d know those baby blues anywhere. You’re you.” Perhaps it isn’t the greatest moment to flirt with the love of your life who's just risen from the dead like something straight out of the book of John, but cut a guy some slack.
"What?" Dean crumples as he speaks. He slides off the chair to crouch where Cas is, on the floor. He takes both of Cas' hands in his, and looks at him. "No, Cas. God, its you," he breathes, and then he can't stop. "For so long, I shoved that part of myself away. I didn't let myself think about it. I still don't
“Like this, if that’s okay,” Cas says. He likes being where he is now, in Dean’s lap with Dean’s hands all over him. He wants — wants — everything. He wants all of it.
Dean nods and kisses the top of his mom’s head. He pulls back from her and looks around at everyone else. Anna looks pretty normal, but she’s probably used to all of the angelic bullshit. Brooke’s glued to Anna’s side, it seems like she’s probably latched on. Sammy looks like he’s just seen a ghost, curled up on the couch and staring at Dean with watery eyes.
“That’s good, Cas,” Dean whispers against the inside of his knee. “Touch yourself. Make yourself feel good, angel.” He resumes his work, then, leaving Castiel to smear the wetness across the head of his own cock as he watches the man he’s given everything for worship his body as if it is the greatest privilege he’s ever been afforded. Castiel thinks to himself that no,
"Cas, buddy. I don't wanna take this too far, I don't wanna go further than you're comfortable with," Dean breathes, because they haven't exactly talked about any of this.
"There ya go, sweetheart. That's it," Dean coaxes, tightening his grip and twisting his wrist at just the right moments. It's like he knows better than Cas himself what drives him wild. Whatever Dean has figured out about Cas' body, Cas is thankful for it. It's working. He can feel it knotting up his stomach.
Dean elbows Cas in the ribs as the professor tells them he’s releasing everyone early, and wishes them a happy Thanksgiving. It’s their last class until December, and Dean could not be any more thankful. “Dude, you’re totally zoned out. Come on, time to go. We can go back to my place and celebrate with some beers or something.”
Dean can't breathe. His phone clatters to the floor and he can hear Sam saying his name, but it's distant. He's so far away from everything. Think.
Cas sighs and presses a kiss to Dean’s lips. It surprises him a little, but he sinks into it. Kissing Cas still makes him feel like everything else around him stops for a second. Cas is the first to pull back, and he tucks Dean’s face against his neck and holds him there. “Sorry,” he says. “I’m just glad you’re alright.”
“A month?” Sam asks. “He’s letting you hunt alone?” he says, quieter, like maybe he’s in the room with someone else. Dean doesn’t ask who.
Yeah, Dean can't argue with that. Now that Cas doesn't have his Angel Strength, he can't do as much heavy lifting as he used to be able to. Now he just has the body of the accountant Jimmy Novak, who wasn't necessarily scrawny but definitely didn't have the type of strength it takes to dig graves with relative ease. "Yeah, man. I know, but I'm used to it. It probably blows for you. Go get clean, man. You'll feel better." Dean walks away from the bathroom and back toward the table to plop down across from Cas.
“Alright, then,” Dean says quietly, and he flips open both sides of Castiel’s robe to expose his chest. Castiel is still hard, and his cockhead rubs against his abdominal muscles as he shifts in Dean’s lap. It’s silly, he knows, to still feel flustered after Dean’s already seen all of this — already
Unmoving, Cas blinks at him. Surely he’s misunderstood — Dean must just be asking him to stay with them in the bunker for a day or two. “Inside? Yes, Dean, I had planned on it—“
Dean presses his thumb over the top of the hose, making the water spew in all directions around his thumb. He chases Cas down and soaks him, head to toe. Eventually, Cas charges him and wrestles the hose away from him. "Shit," Dean laughs as he takes what is rightfully deserved, letting Cas drench him willingly.
of not knowing, countless nights of silent begging to Chuck, God, whatever. Even to Cas himself, just in case he’d been somewhere, able to hear Dean’s pleas but unable to respond. In his most desperate moments, he’d even told Cas the one thing he swore he never would.
Soon after, there’s a lot of loud trucks with bright flashing lights. The men and women in the trucks try to put out the fire, and a couple of them check him out to make sure he’s okay, and Sam too. It doesn’t take them long to conclude that he and his brother were relatively untouched by the smoke and the fire, so they leave them safe in the backseat while they talk to his mom.
Dean exhales heavily through his nose as he pulls on a pair of boxers and a t-shirt. "You know, you almost look hotter like that than you do naked. Almost." Dean runs a hand through his hair and turns back to open his bedroom door. "Come on. Lunch," he snaps his fingers and turns around to glance at Cas, who is now looking at him with more love and adoration than Dean thought possible.
Dean deserves better than him. Dean deserves better than a best friend who can’t stand to look him in the eye because of his own weakness.
Out of sheer nerves, because Cas still hasn’t said a damn thing, Dean continues. “I know we haven’t really talked about the whole… marriage thing. I wanted it to be a surprise,” he explains. “But you gotta know, Cas. Castiel. I want you. That hasn’t stopped since the day I met you. I’m confident that it never will. I don’t need a piece of paper saying we’re together, I don’t even need you to wear the ring if you don’t want to. I just… want you to know that I’m never going anywhere. And I hope you’ll stay with me, too.”
But no, this man, his best friend, has him. Castiel feels held. He feels safe. He almost dares to say he feels loved. “Yours,” Castiel confirms, “Just as you are mine.”
Cas is squirming beneath him, trying to get Dean deeper. He rocks his hips up into Dean, looking into his eyes. "Dean, I promise y- ah!" Cas' eyes roll back in his head as he arches up into Dean, "I promise you," he continues, "This is the best thing I've ever felt in all my hears on Earth and in Heaven," he breathes into Dean's mouth. He surges up to kiss him and wraps his legs around Dean's waist, and Dean groans as he pushes impossibly deeper into Cas.
Cas is sure that his Dean has caught on by now that he's not going to acknowledge him. He considers it for a moment, telling him to fuck off so that he could enjoy this before it all goes away, but he doesn't. He just smiles as dream-Dean walks up behind him and gives him a short hug, hooking his chin over Cas' shoulder. His hair tickles Cas' cheek.
Dean feels her words like a punch to the gut. He stands, stunned. Shitty fucking way to start his birthday party. Cas’ hand slips beneath his jacket where no one can see it, rubbing circles above the waistband of his jeans. “Can we, like, go see her? Call her or something?” he asks.
He steps out onto the dock and it creaks, but the person with their feet in the water doesn’t acknowledge him. He approaches slowly but makes sure to make some sound, just so the guy won’t be startled or anything. As he gets closer, the picture in his mind gets a little clearer. A guy in a bar, across the room, raising his hand and wiggling his fingers. “Aaron?” Dean says, and he kicks off his boots and peels his socks off. He rolls his jeans up to his knees and sits down next to him, dipping his feet into the water.
Benny gives him a nod and Dean grins at his feet. Cas is getting to know people, making friends. He’s become an integral part of Dean’s life, and even his daily routine most of the time. They hang out nearly every day, and when they don’t, they’re texting each other almost constantly. His arm reflexively tightens around Cas’ shoulders.
With that, he swings his legs off of Cas' and stands from the couch. He can feel Cas' gaze on him through the back of his head as he wordlessly turns off the TV and walks out of the room, down the hall, to his bed. He locks the door, just to be sure Cas can't follow him in.
Cas. He could cry. He’s not going to, but he really feels like he could. “That's pretty nice timing, Cas,” he breathes, and smiles.
He hears Mary swallow. “I love you, too, kiddo. Don’t ever forget it. Talk soon,” she says, and the line goes dead.
that's hot. Cas has him pinned to the door of the closet, and he couldn't move if he wanted to. Which he doesn't. Not even a little. He gives a mental middle finger to the jacket that will be collecting dust in his closet for a good long while.
Dean can hear Cas’ footsteps as he walks closer. This motel’s even shittier than the last — Dean had to pay for it by hustling a few college kids out of their partying money. Cas lays a hand on the side of Dean’s waist and hooks his chin over his shoulder. “I have to go back,” he says to Dean. “We’re not on a time crunch, since the witches can send me back to the moment I disappeared from my own timeline, but Dean—” he sighs, and he noses behind his ear. “I can’t stay. You know I can’t stay.”
“Me too,” Anna whispers. She leans down to wrap her arms around Dean, kissing his temple. “He’ll come back. Soon, I’m sure.” She doesn’t sound convinced.
Castiel is still waiting for that moment to come when Dean lifts one of his arms to start washing beneath it. “There he is,” Dean says, and when Castiel flutters his eyes open to meet Dean’s gaze, there’s a relaxed smile on his face and his eyes shine. He’s so beautiful.
Dean nods, even though he knows Cas can’t see him. “Okay,” he says. “I’m gonna try to sleep. Night, Cas.”
feel. And yet, the first time he laid eyes on Dean’s soul in hell, he’d felt his grace flare up, an angelic equivalent to the achingly human swoop he feels in his stomach at this very moment. He had touched Dean’s soul with his hundreds of hands, woven it together after it had been flayed to shreds from years of torture.
He loves the guy. He really does. Maybe not in the big, earth-shattering, fall-to-your-kees kind of way, not yet at least, but he does. Cas is one of the best friends he’s ever had. He’s starting to feel the alcohol, and he’s overwhelmed suddenly by the realization of just how important Cas is to him. “I’m gonna go find somewhere to sit,” he announces to the group. He turns to look at Cas, “You wanna come?”
“It ain’t much, but — it’s all I had layin’ around,” she says. She takes a seat at the table across from them.
Dean hushes him softly. “Don’t want anyone hearing us, do we?” he asks. He opens his mouth and draws his teeth across the hollow of Castiel’s throat. He doesn’t bite down, it’s just the slow drag of bone against flesh. It sends shivers through Castiel’s entire being, and he bucks up into Dean’s touch. He bites on his bottom lip to keep himself quiet, and his breath comes in short, quick bursts.
could ever have this,” he says, and the laughter subsides. There are tears threatening to spill out of his eyes, Cas can see them, but he knows they’re happy this time. “You’ve always had me, Cas. You always will.”
He wants to say something, but she’s pretty high up on that ladder, and he doesn’t want to startle her from her work. At least not until her footing’s a little better.
He wakes up without Dean, once, and he hates it immediately. He wants to get up and start looking for him, but he only gets his legs swung over the edge of the bed before Dean’s entering the room with a damp washcloth folded lengthwise a few times, into a strip. Castiel’s seen this in movies, laying a wet washcloth on someone’s forehead to — soothe them? He doesn’t actually know the purpose. But when Dean settles back into bed, guides Castiel to lay on his chest with his face upward, he thinks he understands. Dean brushes his hair out of the way as best he can and lays a cool, damp washcloth across his forehead, temple to temple.
Aaron takes his hand back after a few seconds, and they both finish their cocktails in relative silence, looking out over the lake and kicking their feet in the water. “I’ll let you get to it,” he says, and he pats Dean on the back a couple of times. “I’ll be around. Let me know how it goes.”
“Yeah,” Dean answers instantly, softly, under his breath. It hits him like a punch to the gut, but -- yes. Cas could have him. Cas could have him in any way he wanted. All of them. He could pick and choose what ways he wanted Dean, and Dean would just let him. He’d give Cas as much or as little as he wanted, and he’d be happy with all of it. And if that ain’t love, Dean doesn’t know what is.
because if he doesn’t, he’s pretty sure he’s gonna die. “Perfect for me, but you never eat it when we get it. Get something you’ll eat.”
The movie is actually pretty good, from what Dean can tell. He's fading in and out of consciousness. He isn't drunk off of three beers, but he's comfortably tipsy and his limbs buzz with it, lulling him to sleep. He makes it about halfway through the movie before he's slumping over toward Cas, and he doesn't have it in himself to make an effort to slump away from him instead. It would be just as easy and only slightly less comfortable to do so, but he doesn't want to. He takes what little he can get from Cas.
He already knows that he’s useless, and he refuses to have Dean think he’s weak as well, even though he is.
Cas pushes his finger in all of the way, which earns him a whine. Dean grinds down onto his finger, and it honestly surprises him. He hadn’t expected Dean to take to this so quickly, but he’s grateful for it.
All of this makes everything feel so much bigger. Dean had known that Cas wasn’t on good terms with his family. He knew that. But it’s different now, knowing Cas is defying literally all of Heaven just to love him. Just to keep him safe, protected. His hands loop around to wrap the tiny curls at the base of Cas’ skull around his fingers. He sinks deeper into Cas, pressing their bodies together more fully. He thinks that if he could crawl inside Cas’ skin and stay there, he probably would.
Cas slips his thumbs beneath the hem of Dean’s t-shirt and smiles into the kiss. “Thank you,” he says softly. His stomach rumbles, and they both look down at it with goofy grins on their faces. They have the same fight twice a week, and every time, it’s forgotten after only a few minutes.
He’s right. He always is, so Dean stands, and they suit up to go play in the snow like a couple of middle schoolers. Somehow, building a snowman devolves into a snowball fight, which then devolves into making snow angels, which turns into shivering while they kiss and laugh in the snow.
“No plan, just going crazy!” Garth yells back, and Dean laughs at him. “Probably more spin the bottle in like, fifteen minutes!” he adds.
Dean's heart is racing too hard for him to immediately fall asleep, so he waits until he's sure that Cas is to whisper, "I love you," so quietly that he's not even sure if he heard himself.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Absolutely not, Dean. You know I never would, or you never would have given me the option. No, tomorrow I am going to march into battle, straight to my death, and I am going to do it
Cas soothes him with a hand running up and down his spine. “You’re just calling him for someone else’s contact information,” he reminds Dean. “But yes,” he says, and he squeezes Dean around the middle. “We can go get breakfast.”
Cas turns back to him, motioning for him to follow. Dean stands and walks over to him, staring behind him at the nurse until she’s out of his line of sight. “What did you say to her? She looks like she’s about to puke, dude.”
been an accident, even if it was pleasant for himself) and tomorrow morning he’ll wake up with Dean’s head leaned atop his own, with Dean holding his hand.
Garth, clearly already buzzed, throws his arms around Dean’s shoulders, and then Cas’. He hangs there for a minute, arm draped over Cas with his head leaning over into him. “Hey guys! You made it!” he says, bringing his bottle to his lips and taking a swig.
Dean pulls his phone out of his back pocket as he turns the knob to enter his shared bedroom, pushing the door open.
“I’d love to,” Cas says earnestly, in that way that only he can. Cas can make three words have more weight than an author can cram into an entire book. Just another thing to add to the endless list of reasons why Dean loves the guy.
If there’s one thing that Castiel knows for sure, it’s that Dean Winchester is good. Dean wouldn’t turn him away in his time of need, at least not immediately.
thanks to my discord server for letting me bother them with photos of me crying while writing and little snippets as i wrote. yall are all super encouraging and you helped me flesh out this story more than you know.
Cas out of bed in the mornings. That’s okay with Dean, as long as he gets to do it forever. He twists the silver band on his left hand and smiles. A constant reminder that he
Cas presses uncoordinated kisses to his neck and chest, and Dean can feel the smile that accompanies them. “Yes, Dean. Happy birthday,” he says quietly. “I’m afraid I didn’t get you anything else,” he admits.
Cas nods once and clears his own throat, afraid of the way his voice will sound when he speaks again. “I held you. Once your soul was back within your body, I held you. I had just obtained this vessel, and I held you in its arms. In
witch, you — you said we could have another day. For us. Even if it’s just the one. So — knock it off. We have time,” he says, and he takes a deep breath. “There’s still time.”
happy tuesday! i’m probably not going to actually stick to schedule at all im kinda just gonna post this as i write it i think. i have nine chapters written rn and i’m sitting at about 70k words. i have 3-4 more chapters to write, including the epilogue, so this should be up in full in a couple of weeks i’d imagine. anyways. i hope you’ll like this one hehe
doesn’t mean all of us have that big of an appetite. Mind your business,” he teases, smiling as he looks at Dean out of his peripheral vision.
“I’m fine,” Dean says. He even musters a smile. He knows that the tears are evidence to the contrary, but — “Really. Just — I called Sam, that’s all.”
“Whatever part you played in all of that hurt, Cas… You’re forgiven, man. Absolved. All of it. I’m so sorry, Cas. I’m sorry I didn’t ask you to stay this time. I’m sorry I ever asked you to leave in the past. I’ve never wanted that. You — God, you’re my best friend.”
Dean hears the telltale stomping of her combat boots against the stairs, so he knows she’s gotten ready for school. Too bad she’s skipping today. Cas made breakfast, their favorite — it turns out that Claire very much likes french toast, as well. She likes Cas’ more than she likes Dean’s, which Dean thinks is a crime because Cas can hardly even cook. Something about the amount of milk he adds to the eggs, or the amount of cinnamon he uses. Dean’s not sure. It doesn’t matter right now, though, because this is what Claire wants.
Anna is kind. She always has been, since the moment Dean met her. He’s not sure he’s ever met someone more kind than she is. He reaches across the table to take her hand, sobering once more. “We’ll find your grace, Anna. Me and Cas. So you can stay here, so you don’t have to hear angel radio every second of every day.”
"Is there something I can help you with, Dean? Are you doing okay? Are you struggling with my presence? I can go," Cas makes a motion to stand up from beside Dean.
is hot? Well, that's easy enough. Yes. Hard yes. Between everything he'd been thinking about as he'd drifted off thinking about last night, and the fact that Cas was his best friend, it was easy to acknowledge that Dean at least found him physically appealing. His
“That’s why the angels said you were damned,” Anna says from the loveseat. Dean had almost forgotten that she and Brooke were still in the room.
this. But then he remembers how everything felt in the dream, how different everything was. He remembers how much of it was missing. He missed this, the first time. He couldn’t remember it in the dream, but he’s experiencing it now. He gets to take Dean apart and put him back together all over again. He knows this is real. He can feel the solid warmth of Dean below him and he knows that this is real.
Dean just nods and listens. He’s less angry, now, because he gets that his mother was young when all of this happened. She was scared, and grieving the loss of both of her parents and her husband. Fiancé, maybe? Dean’s kind of unclear about if they were already married then or not. Mary doesn’t talk much about John.
Dean writhes and tries to buck up into Cas, but Cas isn’t having it. He just uses a gentle pressure to hold Dean in place. They both know that Dean could resist harder if he wanted to, and that he could get away if he needed to. He doesn’t. He won’t.
Dean turns his head a fraction to give him an actual kiss, still holding Cas’ face in his hands. Cas’ arms circle around his waist and pull him close, which makes Dean crack a smile for the first time all morning. He settles into the kiss.
get flustered when Aaron spoke to him in the bar. When Aaron thought he was gay. He assumed at the time that maybe he was just embarrassed, or maybe he felt bad because he couldn’t give Aaron what he wanted. Looking back, it’s pretty easy to see that he was just nervous about someone being able to see straight through him like that. How many other gay guys on cases clocked him but kept their mouths shut?
Cas nods. “You’re just… lighter. And I love you as you are, in every timeline, but — this is just…” he trails off, and his eyes rake over Dean’s chest. “You’re beautiful,” he says again.
His mommy and daddy are fighting again. He can hear them all the way in his room upstairs. Rubbing his eyes, he crawls out of his bed and walks quietly down the stairs, knowing he’ll be in trouble out of bed this late. He stops near the bottom, listening.
Cas shakes it off, swallows a lump in his throat, and keeps his eyes trained on Dean’s. “Castiel. My name is Castiel.”
interested in his french toast, apparently. Dean watches him pick up a syrup-drenched raspberry and pop it into his mouth, licking his fingers afterward with a soft smile on his face. At least he’s enjoying something.
It still hits Dean, sometimes, how old Cas really is. It doesn’t bother him, but it makes him feel smaller. He’ll never be able to understand the gravity behind all of Cas’ words, all of his actions.
"Of course, Dean. I trust you," Cas says softly. He leans up just slightly to seal his lips against Dean's. They stay like that for a while, just kissing tenderly and holding one another.
As he trails behind Dean to the kitchen, it starts to settle in. This is his life, now. He gets to have this. There’s nothing standing in either of their ways. They get to be here together, for as long as they both want. There’s no driving force in the universe that’s out to get them. For now, it’s just Castiel and the man with galaxies new and old spattered across his skin in the kitchen of the Bunker.
Cas’ help. I hid, and I watched. I figured they’d take him somewhere, Heaven or something, but they never did. I watched what they did to him, Dean. It was awful,” she gets quieter as she speaks, her eyes unfocused, staring at the wall over Dean’s shoulder. “I waited until they left. They must have gotten called back home or something, I don’t know. But they nicked his throat, and the stuff that came out looked a hell of a lot like what I was holding in a jar for Anna. I guess they figured if he didn’t have his grace, he wouldn’t be able to get away.”
“Dean? What is it?” His mother asks, and she walks up behind him to rub his back. As mad as he is at her, he allows her to comfort him, because now it’s the fucking apocalypse and he could very well lose her at any second.
A short burst of air flares out of Dean’s nostrils, somewhere on the verge of a laugh. Even the corner of his mouth turns up a tiny bit, not that Anna can see that. “I miss him,” Dean says. There’s nothing else he can say.
They get to the car soon enough, making better time than Dean had when he’d been drunk. Dean slides into the car, happy to see that nothing had happened to her when he’s so recklessly left her in front of a fucking
Dean cracks one eye open to look at him, and Cas pats his own thigh and jerks his head in a ‘get over here’ sort of motion.
Cas takes another swig of Dean’s beer, which prompts Dean to steal it back and take his own drink. “I’m a grown man, Dean. I can make decisions for myself,” he says.
Charlie hisses incredulously, hushed. “Her mom blocked my number after the second time I called. How’d you squeeze that out of her? And the doctors
“Azazel bled into your brother’s mouth, Dean. There’s demon blood in him,” Mary says. Sam finally does react to this, and he flinches. It’s not a flinch of surprise, but one of shame. “It gave him… something. I don’t want to call it a gift, because it’s from demons, but Dean, your brother can see the future. He has visions. Sometimes, dreams of things that have already happened.”
Dean’s fingers curl around Cas’ wrist and he rubs slow circles there. “What did you promise?” he asks.
be gone. It really should be. But even though Cas is back, Dean still feels the sting of losing him. Something like that doesn't just magically go away. It isn't supposed to. Greif isn't a feeling that's made to disappear. Losses like this one stick with you forever. They grow duller over time, less noticeable, but Dean knows that even though Cas is back, this is a weight he'll carry for a while.
Dean repositions himself on the bed. He gently takes the pillow from below Cas’ hips and puts it behind his lower back against the headboard. He then takes another one for his upper back, and he leans back against them with his legs spread. “You said like this, right? C’mere, angel,” he says, pouring what looks like more than enough lube on himself, and then spreading it.
gay. He grins at her and winks when she pulls back, and she pulls his beanie down over his eyes after sticking her tongue out.
Cas beams. “Yes! Exactly, Dean. See? You’re getting it. Are you sure you need my help?” he questions, furrowing his brows and tilting his head to one side.
Dean settles in against Cas, mostly just happy to be able to spend time with him like this. It’s not easy to put the prospect of Cas leaving out of his mind, but he can do it for long enough to enjoy just this one day. Cas’ hand runs through his hair, scratching at his scalp and pulling him in close anytime Dean lifts his head to try and look at the TV. He sighs and resigns himself to just listening to Jeopardy, which is somehow better than watching it, so he’s not complaining.
Dean leans in close, and he’s sure Cas can smell all the sweat and grease he’s covered in. “Thought it was sexy when I got all dirty,” he says, low.
Sure enough, Cas walks out of the bathroom wearing his clothes, and Dean's whole body suddenly feels hot. Somehow hotter than it felt seeing Cas in nothing but a towel. Something about Cas wearing his clothes just feel so domestic, makes him able to fool himself for a millisecond that this is something he could have. He shakes those thoughts off as soon as he thinks them, knowing that his feelings would just be used as a weapon.
Dean sighs and turns to face him again. He lays his hand atop Cas’ hesitantly. He doesn’t know if this is what Cas wants, if this will make him happy, but he has to try. He’d do just about anything for Cas. He curls his fingers around Cas’ hand, just barely inching closer. This is what Cas wants, right? This is what he needs. Dean can do that. He can give him this.
He feels like a bit of a dick. He knows his mother probably did her best, but everything about this is so
Cas is by his side way too quickly, absolutely faster than normal. Dean figures he played down a lot of the angel shit before he fessed up. He looks
He cups Dean’s face in both hands and presses their lips together with such softness that Dean wonders for a few seconds if Cas has even kissed him yet. Then Cas starts to move. He shimmies closer to him while still in his lap, and Dean instinctively holds on tighter to his hips. Cas tilts his head and slides their lips together, and Dean has to fight himself to keep this kiss chaste and close-mouthed. What he
Dean manages to put the bowl of popcorn on the other side of Cas without waking him. He shifts just slightly, and Cas stirs. Dean shushes him softly, lacing their fingers together. He doesn’t know why he does it. It just feels like what he should do. It feels like it would make Cas happy, so Dean doesn’t think twice about it.
Cas gets pissy when it’s burnt, so he listens very carefully so he can pull the popcorn out as soon as the popping stops. Cas would rather half the bag go unpopped than any of it be burnt, so Dean almost always pops two bags to make up for it.
Dean cuts him off, "No, Sam. Go see your girl. I'm fine. Just need to adjust to Cas being back. I was grieving, you know? It's weird for that to just... stop. Because he's back, there's nothing to grieve now, he's back and I-" Dean cuts himself off so he doesn't start crying, because he can feel the lump in his throat.
Dean indulges him and kisses back for a moment, before pulling back. "Seriously, Cas, I'm not going to let you go hungry so you can get your hands on my dick. Get dressed," he winks, slapping Cas' ass. All he gets in return is a huff and a scowl as Cas rummages through his closet. He pulls on a pair of Dean's sweatpants and one of his softest flannels. He lets the flannel hang open and turns back to Dean.
Cas smiles and shakes a brown paper bag at him. “You forgot your lunch again. I know you usually just go hungry, but I thought you might like some company and a fresh sandwich.” He beams. God, he’s beautiful. Dean still wonders every day how the hell he got lucky enough for Cas to decide to stick with him.
bed he crawled into. He usually didn’t talk about them, but once, he did. He told me, finally, that he’d been having the same nightmare every night for weeks. You, slamming John’s head into the counter. Him, with his head bleeding all over the linoleum. You pouring every ounce of whiskey in the house all over the kitchen and throwing a match at it,” he says. He’s never admitted any of this out loud, and he can only hope his little brother forgives him for betraying his trust and revealing his secret about his nightmares. “And
this whole thing started as a way to get more comfortable writing from cas' pov. im switching every other chapter to make things a little easier on myself, but i'm really proud of this cas pov chapter. like, really proud. so, sorry if you think my characterization of cas sucks. stick with me. im figuring it out!!! as always thanks for reading and also i love you!
And when Cas leans forward and kisses Dean slow and deep, it's natural. It's the way it's supposed to be. Everything clicks into place in his brain and he realizes, this is the way it's always been. There's never been anything different. They've always been doing this. They're together, of course they are. How could they ever have been apart?
As crazy as it is, as scared as he is to face this, Cas loves him. Cas, who’s been alive for millions, probably
It doesn’t take him long to finish his tea, because his throat feels best when he’s sipping at it. There’s a part of him that wishes for an endless supply of it. He knows that Dean would get up and make him another cup, if Castiel asked. He’s not going to, though. Not yet. “Why were you so far away when I woke up?” he asks, and his voice comes out a lot smaller than he means for it to.
Cas acts as normal as he can, but Dean can tell he’s a little jumpy. Of course he’d been sad over Sam and Mary, but not nervous like this. Anna’s his sister. Dean gets why he’s more upset now than he had been before. He gets it.
He doesn't even care, he lets a couple more tears out as he feels Cas' arms wrap around him. "Cas, buddy," He pulls back with glassy eyes and a smile on his face, "Don't you
Dean knew how his father felt about gay people from a very young age. Dean was so young, in fact, that he wasn't even aware of his attraction to men when he made the connection that it was most certainly Not Okay for a boy to ever like another boy like that. And when he figured it out, well...
Dean feels his eyes welling up in an instant. Fuck. Sammy went and got old. Good for him. “Yeah, yeah,” Dean says, and he waves his hand in a dismissal. “Let him tell me when he gets here. This ain’t about him,” he says.
“Peachy,” Dean quips. “Just thought I’d see how my hot-shot law student baby brother’s doin’,” he sighs.
There isn’t a lot of talking, after that. Just a lot of hushed and whispered declarations of love from both of them as Cas slides in and out of Dean. He can’t believe it, and it hits him every few seconds. This is real, he’s really here. He’s fully
Cas stares at him like he’s waiting for this speech that Dean has promised. Dean feels frozen. He has no idea where he’s going to get this speech. He’ll just have to pull it out of his ass. He’ll just have to make it up as it comes to him.
Dean’s heart jumps into his throat when he clicks the call button while hovering over Sam’s contact. He holds the phone to his ear and clenches his eyes shut while he tries to will himself not to flip the damn thing closed and pretend like it never happened.
Cas slides back up Dean’s body to press their mouths together again, which gives Dean the perfect opportunity to shrug the white button-down off of his shoulders and down his arms. He flings it across the room without breaking the kiss and starts to fumble with Cas’ belt.
been touching Cas a lot more than he usually does. And what’s weird is that he hasn’t even really been trying to. He usually has to stop himself from reaching out to squeeze Cas’ arm in passing when they pass each other while heading to their respective room, or from wrapping him in a hug before they retire for the night after hanging out.
Except, Cas isn't really watching. His brain just keeps getting foggier, and he can't really focus right now. No matter how hard he tries. There's a dull haze over everything, but he's too tired to give it much thought or worry about it too much. He could just drift off, here... if he tried...
Dean grins wildly, gums and all. “I can see it. You have really pretty eyes,” he says, and the smile on his face turns into the softest and kindest one that Cas has ever seen from him.
Cas kisses him again and again and again, and okay — this has to stop, because Dean’s getting sand in places he
Cas sighs, but he’s gotta know what a stubborn dick Dean can be sometimes, so he gives in. “We could share the bed,” he suggests. “You can still make up the air mattress, if you don’t want your mother to know.”
“They do,” Cas says. “I think they bled me of my grace, Dean. I… can’t feel it. I thought that I wasn’t healing because they were cutting me with angel blades, but…” he trails off, moves his head so he can look Dean in the eyes. “I’m human, Dean.”
They're kissing. Finally. After months of this stupid dance Dean had himself convinced he had to do. Dumbest fucking idea he's ever had. If anyone ever tried to lay a hand on Cas to get to him, well, he'd just have to rip them to shreds with his bare hands.
with this. Once he graduates, he can get the fuck on with the rest of his life. This part will finally be over, and he can get on to doing bigger and better things.
