Sam was nursing a cup of steaming coffee and leaning against the wall when Dean finally came out of the hospital room.
“He is, Dean. Look at me—” He grabbed Dean by the shoulder, forcing Dean to finally tear his eyes away from Cas, “he is breathing, okay? But his breaths are shallow and his pulse is low. I can’t tell what’s wrong with him.”
“I’m a Winchester,” Jack answered, smiling through the truth, and Dean couldn’t help it; his heart burned hot in the center of his chest. “Besides, even if I could sneak in, the Empty would sense me immediately. I’d be swarmed, thrown out,” He raised his eyebrows, the lilt of his mouth turning giddy. “But just like any Winchester, I have a plan.”
He spun the metal blade once, a nervous flutter, and tucked it into the inside pocket of his jacket.
Dean stared into the carpet with a roaring heart, something hopeful dancing in his veins. He nudged Cas’s foot with his own.
“Sam’s been looking at a regeneration spell for my memories. He needed me to get… lamb's blood?” Castiel pulled out a folded piece of paper from his back pocket, squinting down at it questionably. He raised his head to Dean again, shrugging. “I didn’t ask, but if you want the truth I’m a little uneasy about the whole thing. Witchcraft seems perilous, even for you two.”
“I’ll be there,” Sam said, and god if that wasn’t the most sincere promise Dean had ever heard. “I’ll always be there. But it needs to be different now. It
“Maybe I should have just stayed at the bunker,” Eileen said, frowning. “I didn’t know you’d have to call someone.”
Dean rolled the windows down the moment he was back behind Baby’s wheel, and they sped out of the parking lot fast enough to kick up loose gravel, the smell of tart smoke and frosted air making Dean’s eyes sting.
After speaking to the witnesses and coming up painfully short of anything useful, Sam and Dean straightened their ties and headed their way to the local station. There wasn’t much else they could investigate, especially without there being any actual killings, but Dean insisted that they still check all the boxes.
Things had settled. Cas was human. They were okay. More okay now then they were probably going to be in a week's time, and that’s exactly why Dean needed this. He needed this now and he needed it forever, for as long as the universe would fucking let him have it.
There was chatter all over the street now that the sun had fallen, and Sam had to walk a decent amount just to find a lonely corner where the rest of the world fell quiet. There was a moonlit park just at the far reach of his vision, and an empty bookstore at his back. He didn’t know the area very well; going out without reason had always interested Dean more than it did Sam, but Sam reveled in the stillness anyway, and in it, he searched for any semblance of the faith he’d once had.
“Did he believe you?” Sam appeared to his right, bringing with him the kind of wordless comfort that had Dean breathing again, however shallow.
The look Sam gave him was more amused than bitchy, a rare occurrence, and Dean couldn’t quite decipher the meaning behind it before Sam was saying, “Whatever. The girls and I figured we’d leave you two alone last night to… cuddle,” Dean rolled his eyes. “But when you didn’t get up to see them out I came to make sure you were still breathing.”
Dean ignored him. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and looked at the Chief expectantly, gaze sharp.
It took another beat of silence, another painful second of Cas looking at Dean like he’d just been slapped in the face for Dean to realize what he’d said. Cas stopped and turned to Dean in the middle of the street, his shirt still half-buttoned, dark hair catching in the wind.
Whew— did you make it through alright? Dean and Cas’s relationship made mighty bounds in this chapter, but as always in supernatural, there’s something lurking around the corner. We’re getting closer to finding out what really went down with Cas in the Empty, but until then, I’d love to hear your thoughts in the comments!
Dean stepped inside tentatively, eyes flitting around. He didn’t have a reason to be there. At least not one that wouldn’t take gallons of booze to coax out of him, and as of now he had only tipped off four beers for the night. He was sure there would be a fifth sooner or later.
Dean watched her silently after that, staring until his boots were clean and her fingers were red and she finally turned to him in the dark, her skin the same color of the moonlight pooling in around open blinds.
He sounded genuine, terribly kind in that way he’d always been able to, and Dean felt something inside of him deflate. His hand tightened around the phone, a painful sort of terror making his fingers curl. He didn’t want to go.
It was on and off, back and forth, nothing lasting long enough to cling to, and Dean was being bled dry. He knew he was losing Cas, again, somehow, and all he could do was watch. All Dean had ever been able to do was watch.
“Jack? You doing okay?” Sam asked tensely, looking ready to dive forward and rip the two apart if needed.
With Sam pushing eighty on some dirt backroad that felt as if it hadn’t seen a pair of tires in over a decade, they got back to the motel in less than half an hour, and Dean barely made it outside before he was hunching over and throwing up right there in the parking lot.
“Does it hurt?” Dean asked, and it was strange, pretending not to be falling apart as Castiel looked up at him with no sadness, no grief, just… subtle indifference.
Jack’s body was shaking, arms wound tight, but he stayed smiling. Even through the covered sniffling and the hastily wiped tears, Jack stayed smiling, all crooked teeth and kind eyes, the glow in him remaining until the very last second where Sam watched him fade away with a gust of wind.
Even this version of Cas, the version where they were strangers, had Dean enamored by every move he made.
All of Dean’s attention fell to his racing heart then, the drag of Cas's fingers over his scalp, down the back of his neck where he made Dean shiver and blush like a goddamn virgin. Cas was so gentle with it, with all of it. He touched Dean with a fondness that was unmatched, thought to be impossible.
Dean rolled his eyes. “C’mere,” He said, waving Sam over, and when he found the bulk of Sam’s left shoulder blade to be a whopping four inches off target, the ball of his shoulder raised to a lump beneath skin, it was nothing if not familiar.
“Cas,” Dean grimaced. “I uh- I don't think that's a good idea." He managed to mutter, his stomach swooping with dread as the hood popped and groaned.
Castiel was sitting beside him, restlessly crowded against the passenger door, arms bare and throat working around the most impossible words, looking forlorn and miserable but thoughtful and
“Christ,” Dean breathed, sliding into the closest seat at the bar. His free hand instantly moved to fiddle with one of the pepper shakers, swirling it around absently.
Sam shuffled through the bathroom door, a pile of clean clothes in hand, and a few seconds later the sound of water spraying against chalky tile echoed through the wall. Eileen walked quietly through the room, careful of her footsteps, and Dean drifted where he laid, his eyelids numbed and smoke tinted.
“You heard the man,” Dean said, squeezing Cas on the shoulder with a forced smile. “He’s been Doried.”
"Uh, yeah," Dean said, clearing his throat. He tipped his head up to the sky, gesturing widely. "Yeah, it's… it's snow- have you never-" Dean started, but he was quickly interrupted by a quiet, “no” that came from deep within Cas’s chest, his mouth twisting into a frown.
but he managed to bite it back just in time, mouth curling uncomfortably. “Your favorite thing to eat was PB&J.”
Dean hovered in the doorway for a moment, a sudden prick of hesitance making him want to drop everything and run.
Cas pretended to consider the offer for a moment longer, and his expression still held a mask of stubbornness when he reached forward and took the pills into his palm, shaking them around.
“Look, Sam and I are gonna do everything we can to try and help you get your memories back,” Dean told him, desperate to get Cas passed this. He started unwinding the wrappings with quick fingers, cutting them evenly. Cas didn’t argue when Dean drew closer this time, but his shoulders were tight and his breath fell heavy as Dean brushed over seared skin. “But at this point, I think we’re stuck playing the waiting game. We’ll just give it some time.”
Castiel studied him carefully, affection traced into every feature as he said, “Better. Much better.”
“The more I remember, the worse I get,” Castiel explained, stating it as if Dean should have figured it out by now, and that it didn’t make sense for his breath to seize the way it did. Cas’s lips cracked with a broken smile, and he said, “My life is indefinite, and my death is inevitable. Isn’t that something?” His voice split through a laugh. The hand at Dean’s wrist moved to his shirt, fingers curling. “Isn’t that just fucking
Eileen grabbed the tissue box from the counter. Dean’s eyes glazed over as he watched her do everything she could to clean the mud and grass from his shoes, her fingers nimble, shoulders squared.
He must have gotten a hold of it in his scramble out of bed, grabbing the first weapon he saw. Dean almost wanted to smile.
“I don’t understand,” Castiel frowned. “The demon deal. I wasn’t with you for that?” The silence that followed was better than any answer Dean could ever give, and the confusion that swarmed Cas was almost heartbreaking. His brow furrowed, voice dropping low as he whispered, “Then why does it feel so important?”
He took a few deep, slow breaths. In and out, calmer after the first, shakier after the second. He leaned further against the door, wanting some fresh air, but the force of it was brutally cold and he ended up wincing at the pain of it before quickly rolling the windows back up.
And he wasn’t, so long as he didn’t think about what Claire said, or what Claire meant, or how nobody in the world seemed to want to let Dean have even a sliver of hope that this mess could end somewhere other than Cas slowly wasting away.
It had probably been days, exhaustion making every minor movement feel like a whole body effort. He had two laptops open, a police scanner standing up to his right, and a beer in hand, clicking away article after article.
“O-Oh, okay.” Castiel nodded nervously pushing his glasses up on his face, Mary walked him to the living room. Castiel took in the tons of Macaroni art on the walls in picture frames. The whole house seemed full of this kind of art. “Ah, did the kids make these?” Castiel asked curiously. “They are beautiful.”
“Yum, fox.” The second man pointed the gun at the hole as the first man laid down on his stomach pointing his gun into a hole.
Castiel repeated Dean’s words in his language, speaking them like a spell. Speaking them as they held the weight of the world on his promise. “Just trust me.”
“Holy shit.” Michael breathed in surprise covering his mouth. They had done it. They had found Joshua.
Taking in the silence of the day. He breathed contently. Moving to place his house keys by the door before he went to do his daily chores. Castiel paused seeing a red light on his answering machine. Castiel clicked play hearing his brother Gabriel’s voice on the call.
“Yes! Thank you!” Charlie beamed as they said their goodbyes, Charlie waved watching him go. “Can you wear heels?.”
Dean turned away giving up before he moved to lean against the counter biting the cone, Dean chomped loudly. Castiel eyed him with love before he handed Dean his own cone. Dean took it gratefully chewing on it.
“You can legally shock my collar.” Jess held her collar being covered by a scarf just like today in the shop.
Blue eyes slid over the blue skies, watching the white fluffy clouds slowly move across the sky. The meadow was slightly damp but he didn’t care. Coming out here was his favorite part of the day. When it wasn’t unbearably hot, and the wind blew just right.
Dean leaned his head against the window, watching the people walking by when he pause noticing something familiar. Dean sat up glancing around having a sick sense of Deja vu. Like something itching in the back of his mind. Dean paused moving to hit the limo window.
“...Yes, sire. I will inform a servant to send a letter.” Sam nodded his head with a bow. Dean eyed Castiel giving a small smirk as Castiel hid his own smile. When Sam turned away Castiel beamed innocently at Dean. Dean nodded his head like he was admitting he was impressed. That’s my Cas. Castiel could imagine him thinking. Castiel moved to say goodbye to his sisters who saw him off. Castiel trying not to dwell on when he could see them again.
Closer to the front door were the oldest regular photos, one he recognized as Sam in his early preteens sitting with two others. Castiel took in the oldest man between them, must have been their father. Judging by the stubble jaw and his arms wrapped lazily around the two for the photo. The teen on the right of them also sporting a beer along with his father was sipping at a drink he was not anywhere near old enough to have. He may have been only three or so years older than Sam. He seemed shy on camera, giving an awkward grimace of a smile as he brought the beer to drink. Was that Dean?
Castiel’s orgasms would lead to Castiel screaming for Dean to fuck him. To pound him. To take him for all he was worth.
“You have to wait until the cops find it. They are already on the right track. They know your missing. So they are actively looking into it.” The man held Castiel’s shoulders. “It won’t take them long to realize you took a late-night run. You run the same path every day. They will find it, be patient. That’s all we can do.”
“Dean.” Castiel swallowed moving to hold Dean’s back with one hand as the other dug his nails into Dean’s back.
Dark green eyes slid over the haunted mansion, his eyed the dilapidated building that had sat here for years to rot like a festering wound. They had multiple missing people here. Reports a couple of teens went in and never came out. He pulled his leather jacket close to his body protecting it from the chill of September. When he heard the trunk close he turned his face away from the building just in time to catch a shotgun tossed to him. His hands gripped the shotgun with ease making sure it was loaded with salt bullets.
“And your favorite time of day is just waking up with him?” Dean hummed as Gabriel blushed. “Oof, you got it bad.”
“John-” Mary breathed keeling over in pain, blood and water slid down her leg as John continued to scream at Dean. Mary’s grip on the wheel loosened the car swerved the car going over the lanes of traffic before John realized they were driving out of control, they slammed into the railing front first. All they could hear before passing out was the slamming of metal connecting to metal.
“...Are you just associating with me because I am the only one you can produce with?” Dean took a step forward to him, but Castiel stepped back refusing him the closed space. “As you said on the mountain, I’m the last chance to bring back angels...with
“Where are their parents?” The king asked as the Queen shook his head sadly no. Eve’s eyes opened knowing she had to act. She pushed through the cracked open door.
“Trust me. Lucifer and Michael are so glad you were there to save them.” Castiel kissed him in a peck.
“Mommy and Daddy had a stressful day trying to get to Joshua.” Castiel opened his arms as Jack laid next to him in his arms. His beautiful blues looked into Castiel’s as Castiel pet his hair.
“You weren’t there to tell me, you took to long to join me here,” Dean stated as Castiel eyed his face before taking his hand.
“Keep his wound clean, and make sure to keep the fever down.” The woman spoke handing him some of the herbs for his wound. “If he gets a fever give him some of this. Mix well.” The woman bowed her head handing him the bag of herbs.
“I’d love to meet your family.” Castiel nodded as Dean beamed happily pulling him into a kiss. Castiel kissed back softly when Benny pushed the door open.
“You got the door to work, thanks-” Castiel paused when he realized they weren’t listening. One walked towards the kitchen. Noticing Castiel’s laptop with his tea next to it. The man touched the cup. “Excuse me, I didn’t give you permission to enter-”
“You’re knitting again?” Sam asked. “You haven’t done it since…” Sam paused...since mom and dad abandoned them…
“T-Thank-!” Crowley called as the door closed without care, the two boys exchanged looks as Benny quickly got up helping Crowley up.
Castiel breathed in relief at the kiss, just allowing Dean’s lips to slide against his own. Dean tasted like apple pie. Castiel slowly deepened the kiss for more as Dean rolled on top of him to continue the lustful kiss. Castiel pulled back eyeing Dean’s face as he spoke softly.
“My wife and I are here to help if you need anything else. My wife is usually home but if she’s not here, we are normally at the church.” Benny stated. “She’s not religious but...she is willing to pray to anything at this point for him. I am too, to be honest.”
“We will, I can see him on the tracker, The bracelet I gave him is a secret tracker. Now I can track his location from anywhere.”  Gabriel spoke as Sam glanced out the window. “We aren’t that far behind them.” Gabriel glanced down at the screen when the white van turned off the freeway into a hidden side street, just as Gabriel passed.
“Don’t be nervous, I’ll be there the whole time,” Sam reassured. Gabriel nodded as Sam tensed seeing a rabbit, Sam’s tail went up in the air as he kneeled in the grass. Gabriel copied him, his little tail not as fluffy and cute as Sam’s. “Okay, so when I say go. Follow after him. When you get close, don’t hesitate just bite him and grab him. It’s okay if you don’t kill him at first bite.”
“Damn, what hit me? A rock?” The dog spoke, she could tell by the way he barked he wasn’t a shapeshifter like her. The dog blinked up at her surprised at the beautiful white wolf above him. “A hot rock.”
Castiel set the food bag on the table before he grabbed at the passed-out man dragging him to the bathroom. He pulled him into the shower laying him against the wall. Turning on the cold shower, the water pounded against the passed-out villain. He didn’t react as Castiel kneeled to him slapping his face a couple of times to try to get him to respond. It took a minute of trying for Dean to respond. He blinked his eyes tiredly at the man as though he was just waking up from a nap and not from his pill-popping or liquor.
“Are you okay, mommy? I was worried. You seemed upset earlier.” Jack asked concerned. “Your heart went BOOMBOOMBOOM!” Castiel laughed at his cuteness.
Eve whimpered as she tried to sit up but flinched holding her head sitting up as Crowley touched her back giving her support.
“He misses his baby girl, but his pride is in the way. Give him time. He will let his pride down and let you back.” Jody nuzzled her. “I will be back tomorrow-”
“Might help matters.” Castiel teased as they both laughed. “Besides. I need some ideas to make this place livable. Sure. We can have all the alpha testosterone on board the ship, but having families. Having a livable kingdom can’t be on that large ship.”
Dean gave all he could before he collapsed into the wildflowers, his body in shock as he heard what sounded like...a baby crying. Dean stared at the sun feeling as though he couldn’t feel his body. However, he felt someone helping him sit up, bringing his face to see Castiel holding him.
“I noticed his car keys are hung up,” Michael stated. “He must be home, Maybe he’s upstairs. Let’s check, Lucifer.” Castiel walked over hesitantly starting to wave his hand in front of Lucifer’s face. He...didn’t even flinch.
” The dog mocked as Sarah shot him a glare. “I’ll get us some food. Just ice your foot, keep the swelling down.” Sarah was going to say something else, but he had already gone.
?” Dean smirked innocently before he walked out of the barn. Castiel smiled to himself moving to touch his lips glancing back to where Dean had gone. Castiel waited for his heart to stop pounding before going back into the house with the others.
“W-What?! Why now?!” Lucifer gripped him keeping his fragile form from breaking to pieces, Grace threatening to rip the angel from his shell of a body.
“I…” Castiel choked out, nothing else escaped his lips. Dean stared curiously before walking over to him again. Dean eyed his face before Dean leaned in, Castiel tensed again as Dean eyed his face.
“Can you put that down?” Castiel asked softly as Dean moved to put it back. Castiel didn’t sound angry at him for looking. Dean didn’t mean harm in it and Castiel could tell “...Look, don’t touch, okay?”
Sam slowly turned to see the tear-filled green eyes looking back at him. Sam cupped his face looking at the freckles he wanted to kiss in happiness.
“Mommy?” A small voice made Dean turn seeing Amber looking at Dean concerned. She was wearing her little light blue Pajamas with her little bear slippers holding her stuff bear. Amber looked at Dean concerned before her eyes slowly drifted to John. Dean tensed as he quickly got up moving to Amber trying to keep her eyes off John. He didn’t know what John was planning and he didn’t want him...scared of witnesses. Dean scooped her up, holding her as Amber touched his face seeing the blood. “Mommy, you have an ouch-a-me.”
“Go see if Sam’s ready, the guests will be here any minute,” Dean smiled as Gabriel went running off to check on Sam. Dean sighed watching him before he realized his naked mate stood before him confused. “Why are you standing there getting water all over the floor?”
“You said a window broke?” The man asked holding a panel of glass as Castiel slowly opened the door wider for him. Castiel pointed to the window Dean had broke when he tried to burn the house down. Castiel walked back towards the kitchen noticing Dean was watching the man. He tilted his head watching the man like a lion stalking his prey. Castiel eyed Dean slowly taking a seat next to him. Castiel slowly grabbed for his notebook writing down what he was observing.
The staring and the watching his every move, studying Dean with what he’d thought was cruelty, when all along it had stemmed from quiet interest; it had come from a place of honest love tearing through a borrowed heart that hadn’t yet learned how to beat on its own before it was stretching towards Dean.
Dean couldn’t help it. His face split apart with the size of his grin, eyes crinkling in the corners, breath catching softly at the crest of his lips. He tugged at the front of Cas’s shirt, head tilting coyly.
Sam shook his head. “What happened to going to the beach? Toes in the sand retirement, hanging it up for good. Don’t you still want that?”
It was a constant feeling of wrong coaxed into his very blood, a hollowed out emptiness that stung the most in the moments when Dean would find himself listening for the bunker door to open, waiting for the sound of footsteps while his eyes bored into the name he’d carved into the bunker table when he’d been too drunk to even see straight.
“There’s still some lingering pain,” Castiel admitted after a moment, still hesitant to say all that much. “I’m sure it’s just from my previous injuries though.”
“Thank you,” She said, giving a firm nod, and Dean squeezed her arm once more before letting her go.
Dean blinked through the oncoming wave, forcing back tears. He couldn’t do this right now. He couldn’t start thinking about the beginning, because with a beginning came an end, and Dean had come here to fix that, to stop it— Cas had been right. He and Sam
Dean was all too used to the way Sam sighed and slumped against the door in defeat, sucking away at his dark colored smoothie.
Dean didn’t bother with an answer he didn't have. He forced movement into his limbs and fled to the sink, turning on the water with a jab of his hand. He pretended to care about the few dirty dishes taking up space, and eventually Sam left without another word, his footsteps lingering.
“Don’t kick me,” Dean gave Cas a sharp look, warning, and Cas just took another swig of whiskey and shrugged, completely indifferent as Dean pulled off his flip flops and began unbandaging his feet.
“But I’ve died before,” It manifested as a punch to Dean’s gut, the casualness in which Cas spoke leaving Dean spluttering for air. Cas didn’t seem to understand Dean’s reaction, and in that same insociout voice that could glide over water without making a single ripple, he explained, “That’s what that demon said.”
He’d almost forgotten what it was like to be in the fire, right in the hot seat, and now he was broiling in it, breathing thick and heavy through dirt and grime, his hands shaking around the grip of his gun.
It was easy to forget that now. But this was still the same child Sam had fought for without any clue or reason, the same being whose heart overcame its fate.
This was good. More than good actually— this was fucking fantastic. Dean had been having a shitty week so far, too many dead ends and wasted burnouts, every waking moment spent looking for solutions or staring at Cas in a daze, and Dean hadn’t realized just how hollow he’d been feeling until he felt his rib cage rattle around a throaty laugh.
“I know,” Sam smiled. “But I want you to promise me,” Dean somehow found a way to meet Sam’s earnest gaze, ignoring the number it did to his working lungs. “That when this is all over, good or bad, you’ll make a choice for yourself. Promise me.”
” Claire interrupted, her voice drifting in from a distance, but it wasn’t long before Dean started to hear footsteps closing in.
Between ignoring Cas for his own sanity and getting ignored right back for the past week, Dean hadn’t exactly had time to introduce Cas to the Impala. The closest he’d gotten was shouting
and if there was ever a time that Dean recognized what it looked like to have the ball on his side of the court, this was it.
The kiss ended before Dean could even reciprocate. The universe seemed to have a habit of that, and Dean fell straight back to Earth, his pulse still roaring through his blood.
In his other hand, a revolver appeared, slipping out of his holster smoothly. Lundy didn’t waste any time in pressing the barrel to Cas’s temple, jolting Dean up and out of his own body.
Cas didn’t seem to understand why his heart sunk the way it did. Dean could see it on his face, the crushing ache of a broken piece, unmendable, and Dean wished he could explain it to him.
“Agents,” They both pulled away to stare at the chief of police with wide eyes, his posture awkwardly stiff. The man smiled at them politely, looking a little sorry to be interrupting. “What brings you here? S’ there something I don’t know about?”
“I know, I know,” Cas breathed, shaking his head. He gave Dean a look, eyes abnormally big. “Still hurts though.”
Cas was a big boy, he’d been in the game for years now. Sure, he still needed to work on grasping sarcasm and how to keep a conversation going, but other than that he was golden. Practically human. He stayed a perfectly acceptable distance from Sam when the three of them were scrounging through lore, knew well enough not to breathe down the neck of every witness they interviewed during a hunt, but when it came to Dean it was almost like those formalities were lost in the wind.
He was the same Cas who spoke about the science of air balloons and microwavable meals as though he were talking about seeing stars implode. The same Cas who watched over Dean as he slept and rushed to the store to get pie if he saw the slightest frown on Dean’s face, the slightest indication of distress. The same Cas who disobeyed Heaven just to fight alongside him, who spent a year in Purgatory leading the Leviathans away just so that Dean could have a chance at living, at getting
“Woah! Hey!” Dean moved to help, a helpless chuckle rolling off his tongue, but he stopped just short of grabbing Miracle’s neck, heart slowing to a graceless stop in the middle of his chest.
He’d come to Dean to find his coat tucked into the trunk of some nameless car, forgiveness woven into the warmth of Dean’s eyes as he handed it over and said, “part of me always believed that you’d come back.”
“I’m fine, but, Cas—” Jack shuttered against a sudden wave, eyes closing. Light poured from the breath of his fingertips, surging outwards across the plain of Cas’s chest. “I won’t be able to hold this connection for long. He’s weak.”
“You’re right about Castiel’s grace. It’s stuck in the Empty, but I know a way to get in contact with it without having to enter there.”
“Hear what?” Sam asked innocently, but the sincerity was broken with the width of his grin. He twisted back to reach for Eileen’s hand, their fingers interlacing over the seat.
Dean pulled out into the street not a second later, driving fast enough to send Cas crashing into the side of the door, hands flying out to clutch desperately at the dashboard. Dean’s first reaction was to laugh at him, his mouth dropping open to fit a massive smile, but then Cas let out this high pitched spark of laughter that made his lips curl and Dean was left struggling to breathe, gaping like a dying fish.
“No,” Dean said. The honest surprise on Sam’s face nearly made Dean shut it all back down again, but he swallowed thickly and pushed through, “No, Sam. I’m pretty far from okay.”
He was human, and he was alive, and his name was Castiel. A name he couldn’t remember receiving, but felt right all the same.
Grown and full-bodied, existing with an identity that even he knew was muddled and trapped somewhere deep, deep down. Hidden as though it was alive and horribly afraid.
“I get surprised by how you talk about her,” Castiel looks almost completely unaware when he smiles. He always has. Dean knew this, but it still rattled him to his very core to watch as Cas’s face bloomed with light, this otherworldly awe that only seemed to appear when he was talking to Dean. “You care very deeply for her, and I admire that.”
“You don’t have to apologize. There’s nothing to apologize for just... where are you? Sam had a close call and I—” Dean swallowed, heart jolting in his chest, eyes closing. He curled his hand into a fist. “
“I suppose I’ll take your word for it. You were right about PB&J after all,” Cas said, and with an adoring timidness that Dean felt all the way to his fingertips, Cas set the Walkman aside on the nightstand next to the empty plate from earlier, lips curving upwards.
But of all the similarities, of all the nameless serendipities and wondrous relations that Dean could still see when he looked at Cas, this was by far his favorite. This, he could still see as plain as day, because even the Castiel whose existence had stretched back in warping, unfathomable intervals, had always had his world revolved around one human. Cas didn’t have to lose his memory to look at Dean and decide that all of his faith belonged with him.
“Oh, yeah, we’re great. Real connection there, me and him,” Dean smiled, throwing his feet up on the chair Cas had just been sitting in.
“It was my fault honestly,” Dean sighed, resigned. “I never should have shown you the magic of Amazon. You went on a shopping spree for weeks after that.”
But it was still blinding. It was still fucking mind-splitting, a feeling that rendered him useless, toeing the line between heated rage and desperate grief. It ricocheted through him, and it made him just mad enough to crawl into bed right beside Cas.
“What do I do?” Dean asked. He could feel Castiel’s breath on his cheek. “Tell me what to do. Tell me how to help you.”
“You wouldn’t be leaving me, Dean,” Sam tried to reason, eyes shining. “That’s just it. I’m not your responsibility anymore. I never
“I’ve always wanted you, Dean,” Cas said, voice sweeping low. “Angels inherit sexual desire in human vessel’s the same way we inherit their sight and hearing. It’s something that’s always been there. It’s only now that I…” There’s something undeniably gripping about the way he looked at Dean then, eyes blazing hot, reaching right through Dean to pull at his stomach. “I’m feeling the full extent of it.”
Dean wiped up the blood that had trailed down Cas’s arm, fingers gentle over his hand, lingering at the cusp of his elbow.
It was all sensation then; Dean’s mind went glassy, his vision swimming in the dark, but Cas’s lips were trembling and Dean’s heart was racing, and Dean held onto the nervous press of fingertips at the bolt of his jaw, claiming them to memory just in time for it to all fall away.
” Cas finally mumbled, and Dean wheezed with laughter, this ugly bursting of a noise that startled both of them.
And maybe it was the darkness that was making him brave, or it was the finality, the impending doom hanging over them, but Dean placed a shaky hand over Castiel’s cheek and didn’t think about whether a star would implode as a result.
“Uh, he was touch and go there for a while,” Dean looked past the library towards the map room, half expecting Sam to stumble in from the hallway. “I ended up taking him to the hospital.”
Chapter Warnings: discussions of death, and brief mentions of Dean's past involving sex work. None of it is heavier than what's already implied in canon, and isn't descriptive, but please stay safe <33
“Jack? No, no, no— Jack! Hey!” Sam’s voice was a distant boom blown deaf to Dean’s ears. He watched through frantic static as Sam grabbed Jack by the shoulder, pulling him back into his arms. “You’re okay. You’re alright.”
Dean didn’t mean to eavesdrop, really. He could still vaguely recall a twenty-something-year-old Mary scolding him for being too curious for his own good, helplessly interested in everyone’s life but his own, listening in on chattering parents and staying up late at the top of the stairs just to hear John come home. That, at the least, had been an assurance more than anything. Four-year-old Dean had never known whether his dad would come home looking to argue with Mary, and he could never sleep through the night unless he saw for himself what the outcome was.
“God, Cas,” Dean spluttered, wetness seeping into his lungs. “Of course I— how could you not— how could
“You alright?” Sam asked, and Dean looked up just in time to catch the bag of Funyuns that came hurtling his way.
Dean thought immediately, because never in his life did he expect to be loved by anyone but Sam, and sometimes just knowing he was still rendered him breathless.
“Turn around,” He made a twirling motion with his finger, ignoring the gradual rise of panic building behind his rib cage.
Ultimately, Dean was grateful that Sam had kept the amulet all those years. Hiding it away with the hope that maybe, someday, when the tide had turned and the pain of his choices had softened and eased, he’d give it back to Dean and know for a fact that Dean would accept it; and Dean did.
“If you’re worried about whether you’re actually some crazy dickbag, don’t be. You’re not,” Dean rolled Cas’s jeans back down for him once he was done, smoothing out the fabric with a too-firm palm. “I ain’t gonna pretend like you haven’t made some mistakes, but you’re one of the good guys, Cas. Always have been.”
Cas didn’t move. All he did was blink at Dean as if he’d just said something impossible, improbable, simply untrue, and it was with that same bewildered gaze that Cas frowned at him and pulled their hands apart.
His hands trembled when he tore them off the wheel, eyebrows drawn into a confused furrow as he stared at Cas across the seat.
There was a single strand of hair curling off of Cas’s forehead full Clark Kent style, drooping down almost sadly. It probably should have been gross, seeing as Cas’s hair was greasy enough to even do that, but Dean was too busy thinking about how much he wanted to reach up and brush it away.
Dean huffed out a laugh and kissed Cas before he could overthink it, needing the contact again, wanting the heat he could feel building like a cloud around them. Castiel responded so beautifully to Dean’s pressing mouth, head tilting just right, back bending beneath Dean’s wandering hands.
Sam inhaled deeply, ignoring the heat in his eyes and the itch in his throat, all of it finally starting to settle in. Fixing Cas wasn’t going to be easy, but since when was anything?
Thank you all so much for reading, and I’ll see you soon! Feel free to come yell at me on twitter @ricochetdean where I lose my mind over these two idiots daily.
“No, no no no— you said Cas wasn’t strong enough yet! We gotta wait until he wakes up, until we know the grace won’t tear right through him.”
“I can imagine this is odd for you,” Cas said, tearing Dean out of his own head fast enough to have their eyes meeting abruptly. Cas practically withered under Dean, eyes dashing away. “My predicament I mean, seeing as we’re friends.”
” Sam raised the bottle. “Isn’t the solution. It never has been,” Sam’s eyes stayed perfectly trained on Dean’s face as he set the beer down on the counter behind him. “I’ve always stayed out of it because it’s
“What about me?” Dean asked, plastering on this smirk that made Cas’s eyes fall straight down to his mouth. Dean caught him and snorted. Cas glared. “Did you know about me?”
He wasn’t crying. He wasn’t, but he might as well have been with the way Sam looked back at Dean painfully, hands tightening on the wheel.
but Cas had trouble taking compliments. His body went rigid like a vibrating wire, mouth opening and closing in pointless beats, and even then, with Dean squinting against the fluorescents of the garage and still a little dizzy off gas fumes, he noticed the shyest beginnings of a smile breach the surface of Castiel’s face, growing so very slowly where it followed the trail of redness from his cheeks to his ears like a looping flush of warmth.
Dean had always thought Cas was beautiful. He had the kind of doey eyes that made looking at him all too easy, his mouth a perfect arch. But Cas looked especially beautiful in that moment, imperfectly human and blindingly angry.
“You’re human,” Dean started, already heading for some cliff, some distant fork in the road he wasn’t prepared for. “You’re human, I mean— I mean you could just… and
He tried not to think about it. But once he finally made it to the garage and slid behind the wheel of the Impala, the emptiness of the passenger seat was alarming and Dean couldn’t even put the keys in the ignition without feeling his stomach spiral with worry.
Dean rubbed at his face with a worn over palm. Dean had always loved how much Cas appreciated the Impala, never dismissing Dean’s excitement when talking about her the way Sam did, eager to listen and accept Dean’s attachment as if it were his own.
“You got enough cereal there, Tony the Tiger?” Dean asked, walking into the kitchen to find Cas already settled at the table with two cereal boxes and an empty carton of milk.
beautifully and brilliantly right in the center of Dean’s chest, and he laughed before anything else. Deep rumbles of happiness that he hadn’t heard himself make in a very long time.
“Look at you, rockin’ the peach fuzz again.” Dean said playfully, dropping his hand to squeeze at Cas’s shoulder.
Dean had never noticed before— maybe that damn trench coat had always hidden it, or this was something human and genuine and
“No,” Cas murmured. He looked back at the bed he was sitting on. “I’m… anxious to try, to tell you the truth.”
“From the look on your face you’ve already got yourself a sweetheart, hun,” She said pointedly, the drawl of her accent catching Dean off-guard. He squinted at her, but before he was able to speak she pointed towards his ear and asked, “That her on the phone?” and everything inside of Dean came to a screeching halt, a band in his chest snapping. The waitress laughed, her teeth a brilliant line of white. “Don't go giving yourself a heart attack now. That’s what the cheeseburgers are for.”
“Fuck,” Dean breathed, violently fishing out his phone. He pressed on the new number they had activated just the day before and closed his eyes as he listened to it ring. “Come on, Cas, answer the fucking—”
Dean dropped his head at the thought, mouth stretching with a smile. His boots scuffed against the floor.
“Sammy!” He banged on the door loudly, palm flat rather than curled. When there was no immediate response, Dean groaned and pushed his way inside anyway, “Yeah, okay—”
“Sam’s fine, Cas. We’re both back at the bunker. Now can you tell me where you are? I’m coming to get you.”
“And I think you’re lying,” Dean leveled Cas with a look, one he certainly knew was serious enough to make arguing seem out of the question. “The hospital had you on a shit ton of morphine, but that should be wearing off by now. The least we can do is give you some cheap ass pain meds.”
Per Sam’s orders, Dean wasn’t allowed to drive any of the twelve hours back to Kansas, and after a humiliating game of Rock Paper Scissors in the motel parking lot, Dean was forced into the backseat.
“I’m driving aren’t I?” He said, easy-going, but Sam could see the shakiness of it, the foundation weak and built too quickly.
Dean had always done his best to stamp down the swell of worry that surfaced when Cas was hurt. It never did him any good, Cas could heal himself just fine most of the time. But knowing Cas was human— or at least close to it now made Dean’s instincts harder to ignore.
“So, you got Cas a babysitter,” Sam deadpanned once Dean was fumbling with the music again, acting as if nothing happened.
“More or less,” Dean shrugged, twisting at the waist to make sure Eileen could watch him speak. “Unless there are burritos involved, god— in that case there’s definitely more coming from this guy.”
wouldn’t change much. Not because they wouldn’t try, but because Dean and Cas loving each other was nothing new.
“I can patch you up as soon as we get out of here, buddy. Alright? We’ll take care of you. But right now you gotta believe that leaving here is your safest option.”
And somehow, of all the times to be thinking about the past and the present and the narrowing gap between them, it’s then that Dean thought of Stanford. Thought about finding a letter stashed at the bottom of Sam’s duffle and sitting in the parking lot of a 7-Eleven until his hands stopped shaking. Thought about the jealousy and the anger and the roiling shit storm of it all once Dad got back to find Dean screaming through severed lungs; Dean’s bloodied knuckles imprinted with perfect clarity in the wall just shy of the motel bathroom where Sam was crumpled over the sink, his face wet with tears.
” Dean pursed his lips and let her breathe, giving her time. He couldn’t even be angry anymore; Claire deserved better than that. “
“Notice how you said it was mine?” Dean grinned proudly, knowing damn well that he’d won once Patience started pushing around her ice cream again, her mouth pinched but her eyes warm.
They were all spinning this lie together, telling Cas everything he wanted to hear, but the details were vague and the guilt was palpable, and Dean knew it was only a matter of time before Cas caught on. Before he realized that Eileen’s smiling was turning pained and Patience had decided on silence entirely, afraid of saying the wrong thing. Sam was trying to make conversation, pulling topics from seemingly random blimps of space, but to Dean it was obvious; none of them knew what to do.
Dean’s eyes flickered back and forth between Cas’s before the angel finally turned away, a faint smile playing across his plump lips.
“Complicated as in he’s family,” Dean said, picking at a loose hangnail at the corner of his thumb, refusing to look anywhere else. He hoped Cas wasn’t staring at him. “And family is always fucking complicated,” He muttered.
Dean gaped, jaw dropping awkwardly. Sam snorted at the reaction, teeth appearing again, and Dean shook his head, grumbling out a petty, “shut your face,” that had Sam throwing his head back in a full body laugh.
“Look, I don’t even know if you’re still here, but if you are,” Sam took a deep breath, suddenly remembering years worth of rushed prayers in the backseat of the Impala, so much weight carried in the hidden bible he’d stolen from some paint-chipped library in Arkansas when he was thirteen. He was scratching for that same feeling now, aching desperately for it, but his faith had been tested and his soul had been shot and he looked up at the sky with something akin to rage, teeth gritting as he bit out, “Can I get more than five fucking minutes please?”
” Castiel asked, his voice a bizarre mix between a growl and a whine that had Dean’s mind veering off in about a hundred inappropriate directions.
Castiel stared with wide eyes as Dean adjusted the scarf and slapped him lightly on the chest, lips quirked upwards. Dean didn’t give Cas the chance to respond, just backed away and started walking towards the diner to avoid having to explain the sudden redness in his cheeks, his breath spilling out of him in one restless cloud.
“Come on, man, don’t—” Sam sighed, looking over to Eileen who was perched on one of the bar stools and looking far too put together to have only just woken up.
Dean did his best to breathe that in, let it rattle around his rib cage and stir up his insides in a way that was helpful, but all it did was twist that knife in his gut even more. Tears pricked his eyes, a tremor rolling down his arm.
Dean moved to stand again, brushing himself off more out of habit than necessity. “We, uh,” Dean started unnervingly. He looked at Cas, uncertainty pressing hot around the ears, and cleared his throat before he went on. “We should take a look at that shiner you got there.”
“Time's up, little brother. Hate to make you pull up the drawbridge early, but Cas and I are back. You’ve got five minutes tops to get decent.”
“Yeah, and I’m the blueprint for mental stability,” Dean laughed, raising his coffee in a sarcastic toast. Cas didn’t do anything but frown, his eyes moving slowly over Dean’s face in that agonizing way they always did when he had something to say. Dean made sure not to give him the chance. “What would have happened if I hadn’t found you the other night?” He asked, and just like that, Castiel’s eyes flickered away from him, dropping back down to his cereal. “You would’ve just kept quiet about it? You would’ve died in your sleep and had me find you in the morning— is that it?”
“Cas? You in there?” There was a long moment of distant shuffling, the sound of Cas’s bed creaking beneath a shifting weight making Dean drop his head with a smile.
“Don’t go in there again,” He couldn’t quite comprehend why Cas was standing so close, Dean’s panicked breath fanning out over dark lashes, grazing pale skin, but he knew he wanted to touch him. His hands shook with it. “I duh— don’t ever wanna see you in there, you don’t need to be in there. I’ll get the blood, just—”
Castiel had no trouble looking at Dean now. Eyes blown with terror, searching for a way out. Dean could imagine he looked the same, every part of him winding back to memories of black goo and burnt wings and tearful eyes, the words
It didn’t go unnoticed by either of them. Castiel’s entire demeanor changed, body slumping with sympathy that only made Dean’s ears burn with shame.
Cas didn’t look happy about it, but with all four of them insisting, eventually he felt convinced enough to follow them out into the open air, where the slick heat of summer was just beginning to make its appearance.
Shockingly enough, of all the scenarios Dean had ever had of him and Cas holding hands, he’d somehow never imagined this one.
thinking about him, never stopped praying to empty rooms and pushing through random bursts of anger that came and left without reason, all the hate and love and
Now it was just nervous indifference. A falter in his mechanics that made Castiel unable to even function around Dean, his body unwilling to try.
“Isn't drinking on pain medicine rather unwise?” Cas asked through a scowl, blinking down to find Dean giving him the most deflated look.
They ate in silence, humming around mouthfuls of food, grinning dumbly everytime Cas dropped his head back dramatically at the taste. It was quiet, peaceful, sunlight filtering in through the blinds, forks moving across plates.
“Damn it, we can still try!” Dean cried, thrashing in the dark, but it only took a second for everything to still when he felt their noses brush, his body shutting down completely.
“Since Jessica, man. Since forever. I’ve tried, sure, but it was always me just trying to move on. It was never something I actually wanted,” He reasoned. Dean almost had the nerve to argue with him, but Sam smiled before he could get the chance, stopping Dean in an instant. “My freedom from Chuck is still helping people, helping other hunters. I’m not ready to give that up.”
“I suppose I’m not acting differently because I don’t want to worry you,” Cas said, almost too quiet to hear. He finally started walking ahead again, forcing Dean to follow. “But I do feel different, Dean.”
“I’m coming right back,” Dean said, staring straight down at the bedding, a pulse in his throat. He wished it weren’t like this. All he wanted was for these things to feel normal. For Cas’s touch and Cas’s skin to stop feeling like happy accidents every time he got a taste. “I’ll be right back, I promise. I just gotta explain some things to Sam.”
Dean looked over, eyes falling to the tired slouch of Castiel’s shoulders; the subtle curl of dark hair at the shell of his ear. He was tracing the interior of the door with his finger now, head resting back against the seat with forced patience. It didn’t take long for Cas to notice Dean staring at him. He raised his head almost instantly, blue eyes full and earnest.
“Why are you crying?” Cas asked, his voice losing strength, his coherence losing stability. His thumbs brushed over the lines of exhaustion just below Dean’s eyes, and though his skin came back dry, Castiel whispered, “Please stop crying.”
Cas’s eyes narrowed, lips thinning. There was a weight in his mouth he couldn’t quite swallow, words on the verge of spilling out, but all he asked was, “Is that really what you want?”
Dean snapped his head to the side the second he felt a blush creep in over his cheeks. If Sam saw, Dean thought he might just—
“Damn right you don’t understand,” Dean scoffed, doing his best to swallow down a stab of annoyance. “You don’t understand half of it.”
Before Dean could say anything else, a careful hand came up to wrap around the back of his wrist. With both hands now on Dean, Castiel exhaled slowly, the warmth of it spilling out between them. Dean shivered.
The tattoo artist scoffed and brushed past them with a hitch in her step, shoulders tightened with anger, and Dean was laughing so hard on his way out that he almost forgot to pay.
Jody couldn’t argue with him after that. It wasn’t in her nature to prove Dean wrong, or to tell him he was being unrealistic. Agreeing to send Claire home and ending the call with a smile was more her style, and Dean— even with his usual helping of guilt broiling away in his gut— tucked his phone away feeling at least somewhat like he’d won.
It was almost alarming just how quickly Castiel let his arms drop, his eyes widening in their search for Dean’s own, trying to catch his gaze, but Dean couldn’t look at him. Dean couldn’t acknowledge anything beyond the sweat on his skin and the heat in his gut, countless years of wishing and wondering all coming to a grating halt as his thumb brushed over the top button.
Dean pulled out into the sunlight and quickly turned left instead of right, ignoring the tightness in his chest.
And it was meant to be light hearted, but instead it just came out sad, Dean laughing painfully through it, for the sole reason that saying it any other way would have had him unraveling right then and there.
Dean pulled open a refrigerator door and plucked a six pack of beer from the shelf. His arm brushed up against Cas’s side on his way to maneuver the pack into the basket, and his head rose in a flustered rush, stance rigid.
It’s almost alarming how easy it really was. As if Dean didn’t have twelve years worth of restraint still screaming at him to stop.
“Dean,” He said, choked, and Dean just held him tighter, coaxing the pain away, wishing to meld broken skin.
Once again, I just want to reassure that Dean’s alcoholism and bad coping mechanisms in general will be something he overcomes in this story. Healing takes care and time, especially for someone like Dean.
Back at the motel, the first thing Dean did once bounding through the door was sit down and stitch the amulet. There was shapeshifter skin beginning to rot under his fingernails, and the blood on him had dried into this awful, bone-deep itch that clung heavily to his arms, but the amulet was first. Sam— the amulet, was always going to be first—
Dean looked down just in time to block the majority of Miracle’s eager flailing, but it wasn't enough to stop his blundering paws from dragging prints all down the front of Dean’s jeans. Dean couldn’t even pretend to be put off by it; he squatted down until his knees creaked in protest and grabbed Miracle with both hands, his tail nothing but a senseless blur of movement that had Dean smiling despite the weight in his chest.
Of all things, it’s this specific sentence that had Dean breaking his silence and looking up from the container of Jif he’d been inspecting pointlessly.
They shared matching smiles, and Dean finally found the heart to move away from Cas’s side, approaching her instead. He gripped her by the shoulder, wanting nothing more than to appear comforting.
It was similar to watching the sun die, seeing the way in which Cas softened inexplicably in the silence that followed. There seemed to be no reason for it, nothing Dean could try and tread through, and he watched as Cas’s face peaked with frustration, his hands wringing through the ratted hand towel before dropping it completely.
Dreyous or Captain Dreyous, turns out to be a full fire fiend.  He’s blue—like freaking avatar people blue—about a foot or so taller than Dean (and Dean’s over six feet) and with great hair that’s black and swoops over to the left and down his shoulder.  It’s undercut—underneath the long strands it’s shaved showing off his blue scalp—and there are many braids throughout the free-flowing strands, decorated with silver hair beads that click and clack with his movements.  He’s dressed head to toe in wicked armor.  Tall boots.  His torso is naked but covered in blue tattoos darker than his blue skin—guess fire fiends like blue.  He’s wearing a kilt sort of deal, like Dean, except it’s not really a kilt.  More like a man’s skirt.  Brown with buckles and it blazes with him.  Dean notes the collar with glowing Enochian like Dean’s sans the cuffs.
Cas’s gravelly voice.  Like buttery scotch but without the smoothness.  Dean hates how addicted he is.  He responds naturally, moving closer.
Gabriel’s ready to storm into the room and tear Dean a new one.  Michael stops him.  “He’s right.  Stop treating him like that.”
He removes Cas’s jacket for him and hangs it in the closet.  He kneels to help Cas out of his boots.  He remains kneeling.  “Would you like me to take care of this, Master?” he says, about the clear bulge in Cas’s pants.
. "Long journey?" asks the man handing us each a blanket, and meal token.  Cas doesn't need either the man knows, but it's considered polite.  Cas accepts both with the intention I'll use them, passing both off to me.
It doesn’t matter that Cas was an enemy alpha, when Cas’s army took Winchester, he absorbed the kingdom into his empire, and he’s not considered an enemy anymore.  John Winchester is still king of Winchester, but they now abide Emperor Novak’s rule.
“I’m not finished convincing you.  I still have more to show you and we have time.  Then you can make your own decision, as you do.”
He looks over to his father with large eyes, not wanting to ask him, but he nods at me.  I get Lucifer's attention again, I could use a bathroom break too.  He scowls at me this time, hating my human necessities, but he waves his hand signalling for us to go.
“Nope.  Walked off the cliff.  Had to pull Cas in – the spell confuses you guys, at least didn’t do that to me.”
“Sorry.  Not in love.  I’m your little angel slave.  The bond fucks with my head sometimes.  I’ll eat.  I’ll sleep.  Anything else?”  It never gets easier watching him go; I’m nervous as fuck.
Dean’s accosted by Dayamos’s “people” and Dean sinks to his knees, hands up in supplication, trying to show he’s not a threat.
And on the same level, I’m going to have to tell Cas about this kid now, I can’t keep any of it to myself anymore.  I wasn’t supposed to in the first place.  Cas might finally change his mind about killing me.
I have officially reached freaking the fuck out. "What are we supposed to do?  Tell me what to do Cas."
“What did I tell you?  This happens every night you’re here.  Now and in the future unless your Master says otherwise.”
He spanks me until my ass cheeks feel it and the humiliation of it all, being spanked like this, after showing all how well I’ll bend over for him, my cock aches with need.  It doesn’t get satisfied though.  “All right, up now.  I’ll take care of you later, won’t I?”
But I pick up the pace, keeping up with both of them.  I don’t care what Cas says.  We’re on an adventure and he’s just going to have to deal with it.
When he's seated all the way inside me, he pulls out then pierces me again. "Aaahaaa, aaaahhmmmmmmm…"
Dean knows the truth of that.  “Well it was fucking awesome, even when you spanked my ass.” Dean winks, throwing out all the Dean charm.  He wants this thing with Cas to continue.  “I’ve got some pretty sweet bruises.”
I’ll make it up to you.  Cas can beat me for you later,” I say without thinking.  I’m so used to saying shit like that, just rolls off my tongue.
It’s true.  His eyes pop open to Gabriel’s throat bobbing like he’s swallowing something too thick.  Several of the men adjust their pants.  The women squirm.  Dean bites his cheek.  He doesn’t give a fuck by this point.  He wants Cas’s finger back.
Dreyous stands to pull Dean into a hug.  His hugs are the best.  Dean clings on trying not to think about how much he’s going to miss him.  “They’re jealous because they know you’re my favorite,” Dreyous tells him.
It's both hard and easy at the same time.  Hard because I know he's going to tear me apart, easy because there's no other place I want to be.
“And ruin the mystique?  Father is not the saint the books write him to be.  He likes that the humans find him mysterious, he likes that they think he lives on a cloud.”
While Cas argues with the king, I distract myself looking over to the fairy prince, because if I don't, I'm going to interject my two cents, and no one will like it.  No one's interested in what Dean wants, and that's why I recognize the look on the fairy prince's face; no one's interested in what he wants either.
They go over the week’s menu and Dean’s grateful for Tann, since he doesn’t know his way around a cookfire.  Tann also knows what Cas likes and Dean makes sure to consult with him about Cas’s preferences, wanting to please Cas.  Even if Cas were not emperor, it’s still proper to run a house based on your alphas likes and dislikes.
To change, you need to have a way you believe is better than the old way to change to.  Cas feels his way is
“In other words, you’re not sure what the fuck you’ve created and possibly unleashed upon the world.  I know, Master and I talked about it.”
If this was Sam, Dean knows Sam would have done as asked in the first place.  He would have used his mind to form a strategy.  Behaved to bide time while he lulled everyone into a false sense of security.  Dean had to open his big mouth.
Ugh.  Fucking emotions.  Cas can read his and Dean’s sure the annoyance is bleeding off him.  “And you think lighting up my dick which is attached to a set of purple balls from hell is the way to do that, Master?”
I ball my fists, but I retrieve it from my pack, and hold it out to him.  He secures it around me, all business-like.  It closes with its usual hum.  If I have to wear this thing twenty-four-seven now because of Gabriel, I'll come back to kill him myself.
Dean doesn’t mean to moan but he fuck, an orc could touch his cock right now and he’d be into it—Paris is fucking beautiful. The male version of Helena of Troy. They kiss and Paris sets Dean down. “I kinda miss your kilt, but this is nice,” he says.
“Oh Dean,” Michael cuts in with his haughty tone.  “Archangel, remember?” he says like it should explain everything.
“I’ll count for you, and you’ll do the rest.  When you’re calm, I’ll slip inside.  When you feel uncomfortable, tell me and I’ll leave.”
Dean makes it through an hour of kneeling before he regrets his words.  Sweat drips down his back as he channels his thoughts away from his burgeoning orgasm, but he moans.  He doesn’t mean to moan.  “Dean,” Gabriel scolds.  “This is not for your enjoyment.”
My father was a strict man.  Truth be told, he was more a drill sergeant to Dean and I than a Father.  He loved us fiercely – that I never doubted – but there were many a time Dean, and I saw the thick end of his belt.  I am familiar with a good hiding.  But the strap Lucifer has is a far cry from Dad's belt.
."  Cas reels in pain, something I can only feel but can't see while looking at the ground in front of me as I am.  Part of me wants to say fuck it, he's killing me, and break form, but the other side wants to be a good little obedient pet in my last moments with my master.
“That is where I have my guard.  I am sensing you disagree with my choices.  By all means, pick apart my strategy.”
.  A twenty-four-seven relationship that would be structured in such a way that Dean could still be Dean, but that was always guided by Cas in some way.
Of course, there are a few in the crowd like Sammy and I who have realized that what's before us is a pure psychopath.
They carry us way up high and we land on a cliff.  The air is thin up here and I imagine it would be hard to breathe, but for beefed-up, grace-enhanced powers.  Unfortunately, we’re moving further away from Cas and the bond doesn’t like that.  As soon as I’m dropped, I clutch my heart and keel over.  “Dean?”
Yeah, because this one went so awesome.  Dean clomps his boots out the door.  He’s happy to be free of Cas, and free of the dungeons.
Dean brightens not giving a fuck how much he’s showing all to Cas.  He doesn’t get how it works though.  “If I’m Michael’s sword, how does you fucking me help?  Like, I’m glad it does but I’m having trouble making sense of it.  Also, why couldn’t we have done this part on a bed?”
Daylight's never felt so good, even if I've had no sleep, and my body hurts.  Thank God for adrenaline.  I eat a few of the power bars Cas found for me on his night time adventure, as we walk, and I do okay for a bit, but eventually my body gives out on me, and I'm tripping, and almost falling to break my neck.  Cas is annoyed at my human weaknesses, staring down at me from where I've fallen on the ground.  "You've behaved, I suppose you've earned sleep.  Two hours is all we can spare."
Gabriel’s got a bunch of springy curls for hair.  They bounce when he’s happy and snap when he’s pissed.  He’s shorter than the other angels, but he’s not short; he’s also broader.  His eyes are green like Dean’s.  They twinkle too damn often.  He and Michael bicker like children.
With a heavy sigh, I head off.  This is turning out to be the week from hell and nothing bad’s happened to me –
Fuck.  It’s been eating him alive for a week.  Dean nods and stands on the bed.  He looks down at Cas wrapping his arms around his neck.  Cas looks up, encircling Dean’s waist.  “Never doubt it,” Dean says, risking Cas throwing him against the wall.
the bond to consider.  In my fucking excitement, I’d forgotten about that part.  I finger the amulet at my throat.
She smiles the fucking loveliest of smiles.  Why does she have to be so beautiful?  And why is she red?  All the other fairies were purple.  "Forgive me Dean, but I had to make sure he stayed asleep."
Lucifer lifts his shirt.  He’s wearing some kind of harness with glowing, golden-copper Enochian shooting through them just like Dean’s collar and cuffs.
I sigh.  "Could I marry the prince, so they'll give you an antidote, and then we make a run for it?"
Cas’s hand tightens on my wrist.  “You’re lucky I know you likely have some ulterior, if ridiculous meaning to that, or I would give you a sound hiding to remind you that you are mine.”
But Daddy’s not ready to start, he reaches out to grab Dean’s balls, which feels oh so good.  Dean moans and his cock is already leaking, thinking about himself in such a position, ready to be spanked in the most embarrassing way ever.  Daddy starts circling Dean’s pucker with his finger.  “Do you want Daddy’s fingers in there?”
Once they’re out of the dungeons, Dean’s given two demon blades and a belt to attach them to him with.  Jack holds his hand out for Dean an impish gleam in his eyes.  Dean takes it.  They leave the quiet sanctuary of the hallway outside the dungeons and enter a full-blown battle.  “Duck!” Jack cries.
Someone did.  Him.  "Can we go, Cas?  I don't want to be here anymore.  I like Dr. O'Malley fine, but I want to be with you."
Dean’s left with a bolt of lightning in the form of an Archangel General—the archangel thing new, since Cas’s ascension—and in another blink, Cas has his wings closed around them.  The reappear across the battlefield.  Dean stands, pausing to puke his guts out.  Adrenaline’s coursing through him like never before, but also, the flying.  He’s never gotten used to it.  The field is pandemonium.
My whole body shivers in the best way, and I'm dead curious which song Cas picked.  I hear the first rift, and I know right away.
He nods.  “There are no special functions next week, so that will work, but the week following there is,” Tann warns.
Dean pauses too long, Cas glares.  “Not today anyway. I was gonna let him watch, I guess, so he could help me out.  But what’s the point in all that if being with you solves the problem?”
Whatever.  Dean wants him out.  He’s gonna explode like this, never mind the egg.  He’d like to get to that part.
When we’re done gathering food, I tell him I’ll see him at dinner and go to Cas who’s probably all worked up by this point.  I was gone longer than he said to, but whatever he does to me for it is worth it.  I feel bad when I see him though.
While Cas and the king go at it, I get the prince's attention, and convince him to come off to the sidelines with me.  "Hey," I begin, not really sure where to begin.  "So, you wanna marry me, huh?"
He’s crouched at my feet, starting there.  “You know, Sammy.  Cas – he’s a friend of mine – sent me to live with a doctor awhile.  Turns out, I’m pretty good at it.  Can you believe that?  I could have been a doctor!”
“Cas, did I ever tell you about the time Sammy and I lost our clothes in a lake?  It was fucking cold too.  Dad wasn’t happy, let me tell you.”
Dreyous studies him.  “All right.  My other children used to call me ‘Pa’.  They’re your brothers and sisters now.  It fits.  Try it but if something else comes to mind, go with it.”
Dean doesn’t say ‘yes, sir’ to that one.  It takes everything in him not to tell Gadreel to go fuck himself.  He’s getting pretty tired of being a kept toy that’s never played with—not that he wants to be played with; he just wants off the shelf.  “Is it Michael?” he asks, instead.
Gadreel laughs way to fucking hard.  “Oh that’s funny.  You’re not going anywhere, Dean.  Even if you were, you wouldn’t have time to rescue anyone if you actually wanted to escape.  The dungeon is warded.  We’d know exactly where you were.”
to obey Cas, which means behaving for this guy; makes me feel closer to Cas.  I slug myself off the porch swing, and follow him into the house where there's
I have an announcement that I wrote about on my blog about Heart of a Dragon Tamer.  The link is at the end of this chapter.
It’s equally as natural for Cas to put a hand on his head and run it through the loose, blood-matted strands.  “I am not invincible.”
We walk on, and I say goodbye to sleep for another night, grateful for fancy, angel-enhanced strength and happy Cas is too distracted for me to have to explain about the boy who vanishes into thin air.
“Come,” Cas says in his ear. “We’ll greet the Grand Seraphim and then I’ll release you. I’m sure you want to find your boyfriend.”
human.  Angels have little mercy for humans.  Also, some weird shit happens when Cas is away.  I get this odd drive to follow his rules to an extreme that makes me tense and angry.  Following the rules keeps the loose hold on my ability to remain calm.  In fact, it's starting to bear down on me with a crushing weight.
“I don’t.  I admit to wanting to fuck you into this mattress—I know that’s what you were trying to do, congratulations you were successful—and I admit you’re tantalizing as fuck, but that’s it.”
Oh brother, here we go.  I spend the next five minutes throwing pieces of the forest at the cliffside, only to watch each thing vanish. “You satisfied yet, Cas?”
3. I was off chilling with my nearly 15 month old nephew today.  He's giving me SO MUCH musing for little Dean.  He's also got theses curls all around his head at the bottom.  Like from his neck to halfway up his head and then nearly bone-straight on top! He babbles and babbles in baby talk.  He can almost say Auntie. He demands I pick him up just so we can snuggle. I am so in love.
He waits to hear the verdict.  Gadreel looks like he might actually feel sorry for Dean.  “I believe you didn’t mean to Dean, but you should have asked me to restrain you.  Cas is giving you the choice.  Another week—”
“He has warmed to you.  He likes your new face more than I’m comfortable with.  Gabriel has a thing for looking after people, especially young people.”
As if Cas can hear his thoughts, he appears, standing over him.  Arms crossed.  His long, black General’s coat flaring.  “All right, Winchester.  I’ve allowed you to pout here long enough.”
I flinch when his fingers reach out to trace along the welts and bruises he created, enjoying them, enjoying the way I flinch.  Humans would call Cas a sadist, and so do I.  He
Lucifer retrieves Jack himself, and Jack races in bounding on the bed.  As soon as I look at him, I come back to myself,
That’s another thing to digest.  He’d been too preoccupied to think about it much.  It’s also tomorrow’s problem.  “If I’m your mate, why do I obey you?  Why aren’t we equals?”
Did Cas just say he won't be able to take my utter devastation over not, at least, trying?  Because pretty sure that's what he said, I just can't believe it.  It's true too, while I would behave myself, because I have to, no amount of beating would make me stop thinking about it.  I beam at Cas.  "Where do we get horses?"
Also note, yes this will be Domestic Discipline too.  Eventually.  It's what I write okay?  You want me to stay interested, or not?  LOL
Cas fucks into him slow, spreading him wide physically and emotionally.  He can feel Cas in his heart, his body has so much love coursing through it, Dean’s euphoric.
"You will be punished for your transgression, Dean, but I do understand what you are saying even if I do not agree."
Cas stays for three days.  It's just enough time to settle the bond.  I know what's fucking up, when Cas wants to speak with Dr. O'Malley, alone.  "Go to your room, Dean."
Yeah.  Yes he did.  Cas’s nimble fingers find their way to the hem of the kilt and flip it up, tucking it into the waist at the back.  Dean’s ass is exposed.  “Spread your legs, Winchester.”
The words sting.  I hate them, because they’re true.  I nod pathetically, just wanting to feel his touch, just wanting to feel good.  “Yes, yeah, Luci.”
“Oh c’mon.  I’m excited.  We get to battle together.  I want to show you my stuff.”  Dean rolls around on Cas’s bed.  His muscles are sore—Fire Dad’s been working him over—and training with Michael’s been exhausting in a new way.  But it’s all good sore and good exhaustion.  Dean’s never worked so hard in his life.  He’s proud of himself.  Even grumpy Cas can’t ruin his good mood.
I keep him close to me, and fucking run like the wind with him in my arms, grateful for all the miles of gruelling walking I do with Cas.  I'm in great shape to do this, even with a kid in my arms, plus, fancy angel-mate enhancements.
I know what it looks like from the outside, Dean came all this way to help me, going through God knows what, and I told him to let me go.  That doesn’t make me brother of the year, I seem ungrateful, but that couldn’t be further from the truth.  I want my brother to win and the only way he’s going to win, is if I win too.
Dean shows for dinner with his new do.  He hates to admit Cas was right, but he was.  He looks better with the undercut plus the length on top Cas prefers.  He asked the hairdresser to grow it out just to see.  It wasn’t right.  Maybe if he’d grown up a fire fiend, it wouldn’t be so weird, but he hadn’t.  The hairdresser cut it back to the Cas-specified length.
Dean had also been spending time with Tann.  Dean is not permitted to ride his horse until the baby comes, but Cas had allowed him to take horse-drawn carriage down to visit up until a week ago.  Teleapài warned Cas the baby could come early, and Cas as Cas does went full alpha and made new rules, wanting to keep Dean close to the palace.  His only option if he wants to see Tann is to head to the kitchens.
They get the flowers sorted, and Jo assures him she’s got her replacement lined up if her wife goes into labor.  From there, Dean visits with the head of the cleaning staff, head of maintenance, and at least three other heads of their respective departments, all before lunch.  His muscles ache and he considers lying down before completing the rest of his daily duties, but Cas’s empty chair at lunch reminds him that his mate isn’t taking breaks, so why should he?
“I used this like you said,” he says placing his hand over his heart.  “And things are working out pretty great.”
Anxiety builds as he waits.  His gut is in knots.  He bit Cas.  Fucking bit him.  He’s got to face the repercussions for that.  He opens his eyes and closes them, counting backward from a hundred to prevent himself spinning into panic.
Tentatively, he leans into my side.  “N-Not too tight, okay?” he says when I move to put my arm around him.
The rambling helps.  I know as well as anything, Cas doesn't have long for this world.  I can barely feel him anymore.  The bond is going kinda haywire.  He's almost… gone.
It’s dark and it’s cold.  This time my body aches, especially my foot.  Can it last in here?  Will my foot be gone when I’m pulled out?  If I’m pulled out?  I don’t know.
“No.”  Sam pulls him tighter to his torso.  Lucifer relaxes against him and closes his eyes, obediently silent even with Sam still idly caressing his dick.
He's learned to read me a little.  "Breakfast, clinic time, and then you can wait till your heart's content."
Sensing I'm awake, he tilts my chin up, and kisses my lips unconcerned with things like morning breath.  I do my best not to let my dick press into his thigh a little harder like it wants to.  "Did you finish your work, Luci?" I ask.
I realize I don't know, just that he's closer than he has been in weeks, but it's not likely to be today.
I have to fight not rolling my eyes at him, or he’s likely to throw me into a tree.  “I’ve been doing a lot of thinking.  I get all of this in a new way.  I swear I’ll never hide anything from you again, so long as I’m in this with you, that is, until you decide to end my life, no matter what it is.”
I'm able to fit the pieces of roast bird in my pack, within the empty bag I had my food from yesterday stored in.  I use the blanket on the bed to wipe off my hands.  I turn to see Cas has been watching me.  You'd think I'd be able to tell he's directly behind me, with all the fancy new sensations I've acquired, but I can't, not exactly.  I knew he was
Dean stops eating.  He pushes his food around on his plate, annoying Cas, riling the part in him driven to protect Dean even if it’s from himself.  He makes Dean eat, telling him he won’t leave the table until he’s finished, but it only takes one time of Dean puking everywhere for Cas never to do that again.  From there, Cas tries coaxing and begging, he resorts to feeding Dean pie for dinner by serving him up dessert first, but even pie loses its luster after a while.
Sam laughs.  He actually laughs.  So worth getting scolded by Cas.  Cas leads the troops.  We follow as an unlikely gang behind him.  He’s going slow though, real fucking slow, recognizing Sam doesn’t have the strength for such a journey at his pace.
And as “un-straight-forward” as that is, it’s even more complicated than that.  His biological modifications require abstinence for his powers to work at full strength, which he’ll hear from Fire Dad about if he notices his powers dwindling in practice too soon.  Dean can’t take his disappointment.  He’d rather jump off a cliff into a vat of boiling tar.  He avoids it at all cost.
That means, Daddy has no intentions of stopping there, despite Dean’s complaints.  “Yes, Daddy,” Dean says.
That seals the deal.  Dean can’t resist Cas’s desires any more than he can Mom’s chocolate pudding pie.  He allows himself the freedom to let the neediness run through him, his cock burns with pleasure and he’s giving off so much scent, he doesn’t know how Cas is able to keep himself from bending Dean over the table.  Cas’s strokes are slow, in a simple up, down motion, but Dean’s barely able to contain himself, pushing at Cas’s thighs, muffling his own moans by biting his lip.
Daddy has the sheets of stickers spread out and Dean can’t help it, he really likes the shiny, unicorn sticker with the pretty hair.  “That one please, Daddy.”
“The point is, I’ve never been sure what he did with Jack, because I’ve never felt him.  I could feel the way they went, like a trail of dissipating dust when we arrived at Gabriel’s community, but now it’s gone.
He looks wild with my blood in his teeth, his smile marauding, brows narrowed.  Angels like to believe they are as far away from humans as possible in relation, but humans are animals, and so are angels.  I see him reach for his belt, and I know what he's going to use it for – and let me tell you, of all the things I know Cas could use, I'm grateful he likes that belt, nasty as it can be – but I also know where else this will go, I risk removing my tank, not wanting it destroyed.
.  He was told by his mother to focus on anal orgasms with the toys provided, which he could have done without sex advice from Mom—no teenage boy wants parental sex advice—but she was concerned about him and told him such things so he wouldn’t stray to a hedonistic path.
Dean wonders who the General is and how easy it will be to stab him in the neck.  He’s got two angel blades now.  He’s fucking unstoppable.
He's right, and when he runs a lone finger down it, it's all the more obvious that I'm turned on by all of this even while genuinely fucking hating it.
“We take from the energy of the Earth?  Why not the energy of the Heavens?  Wouldn’t that give us unlimited fire power?”
Dean grumbles to himself, which Daddy allows, so long as he makes his way up the stairs.  Daddy changes them both and Dean’s a bit fascinated, watching Daddy change Sammy’s diaper.  Sam’s got long legs, and for some reason – Dean may never know the reason – that Sam is a grown man, getting his diaper changed like he’s a baby turns him on more than he can tell you.  Sammy’s legs have been waxed long enough by this point they are free of hair.  Dean knows Sam plans to have laser hair removal done to make it more permanent.
The dragon, seeing the person his human mother has been doting on is up, runs over to greet him, and nuzzles up against him.  "
"Good boy," he says, which surprises the fuck out of me.  Cas isn't heavy on the praise—I live for it, I could probably recount each and every ounce he's given me over the years—and this is not a time I'd expect even a drop.
“When I saw you across the field, I knew you were mine and I stopped breathing on my own that day.  I was driven and obsessed having to see you, to look at you, catch the briefest of glimpses.  It was win or die for me.  Then, when I had you, I found I held my breath until you took yours.  Each moment in those first days was waiting; waiting to see if you would smile, waiting to see if you were content, waiting to see if you were okay.”
“I went through three days of agony while our essence joined.”  That’s all he says but there’s something more.  Dean knows it.  But his voice is hard and maybe he shouldn’t push the guy.  He’s already pushing the guy.
Gadreel had said that.  Had these people consented?  Dean can’t imagine how.  Gadreel had to be lying.  That Dean could imagine and well.
If this is you: Mock, I have no idea what the heck's going on!  --you're in the right place!  This chapter won't reveal too much either but it will give hints in a round about way.
“And so do you if you think to tell me what to do.  Do not egg him on.”  Lucifer also doesn’t like that Dagon is permitted to call Sam Master, but nothing can be done about it.  That’s what’s proper in the spirit demon realm.  Mother would not approve of anything else.
Daddy opens his crib, Dean climbs up, and okay yeah he’s feeling a little tired.  How does Daddy always know?  Daddy helps him put his mitts on, and gets him settled with Professor Norris.  “Close your eyes, little bug, and when you wake up, we’ll get ready to have fun with Sammy.”
“That’s why I don’t know if… I might have imagined it all Dean.  I don’t know how long I’ve been… how long I’ve been…”
“We may yet, but it won’t be because we threw in the towel.  Dean?  I don’t know if I can do this, but now that you’re here – and I think you really are this time, because even I couldn’t dream up you becoming a dragon Mom – I feel like I can
I'm fast though.  Between all the god dammed walking, and fighting of creatures on the road, my cardio fitness, and fast twitch muscle fiber reaction time is superb.  I'm on my knees before Cas, hanging onto the bottom of the trench coat he always wears, in a second.  This time though, I'm begging, pleading, crying, I'm fucking sobbing, man.  "Please don't go.  Don't leave me here.  I can be good Cas.  I'll be so, so good.  Here, punish me.  Punish me!"  I reach up to undo his belt.
He lays in the first fifty never varying his pace, never letting up for a fucking second, or giving me a break.  Every single one of them hurts exactly the same amount and that amount is a-fucking-lot.  He doesn't stay at my ass either, laying stipe after stripe down the backs of my thighs.  While all of it fucking stings, it's nothing compared to what it's going to feel like.  "Do you not want to find your brother?" he says again, finally pausing, allowing me to breathe.
Dean’s run his hands through his hair a million times.  It’s all over the fucking place.  He aches from trying to reach out to Cas with however much grace is in him.  It’s kaput.  It’s no longer helping to revive him and he’s tired.  If not for adrenaline, he wouldn’t be able to keep his eyes open.
“Not yet.  You’ll have to get used to it at some point, Dean.  Angels and the human guard members who live in the garrison aren’t skittish and the General isn’t always going to offer you privacy.  You’re expected to integrate as one of us at some point.  He’s extending you a favor by allowing you time to get used to our ways.  Enough talking.  Hop up here, arms over your head.”
If Cas wants to set off a “rampage”, that’ll do it.  He’s Cas’s husband for fuck’s sake.  Fucking is one thing, endearments like that are another.  Dean crosses his arms leaning against the door.
Cas turns to walk out the door, but I'm there grabbing around his legs, stopping him.  He won't fly for reasons I do not know, and he won't use his grace unless absolutely necessary, which is why I can do what I can at all.  Cas, not having expected me to attack him, falls to the ground, and begins kicking his legs, not minding if he kicks me in the process.  I'm not letting go, so he has to fight harder, which is no problem for the centuries old angel.
He didn’t mean to be hurtful, after all, that statement is not in and of itself cruel, but I decided to take offence to it.  It set me off.  “Why wouldn’t I be serious?  Because I’m fucking crazy?”
to come in here.  The only rules he’s been given is “don’t leave.”  That doesn’t mean he won’t catch hell from someone for it.  Angels think you should be able to figure shit out.
Daddy explains all of this as Dean’s climbing onto the couch and situating himself, so Daddy has a lap full of Dean.  Now that Dean’s been punished for all the mischief he got up to, hearing the stories about it, is funny.  He giggles thinking about what the pair of them tried.  “Oh, you think you’re funny do you?” Daddy says running a loving hand through his hair.
He can’t find anyone though.  No Michael.  No Cas.  He’s lost track of Gabriel.  Balthazar is MIA but what else is new?  Hell, he’ll take Lucifer at this point.  Maybe he’d know just what the fuck’s going on.  He heads into a long tunnel of trees.  They reach onward to the sky forever.  Are they even on Earth?  Dean can’t tell anymore.  This could very well be another planet or an alternate Earth.  It doesn’t matter.
When he’s done, he sits me on his lap, straddling it, so he can look at my wet face and kiss my lips.  “Behave yourself.  You need much more than that, but we can’t spare the time.  When this is over, you have a meeting with this,” he says tapping his belt.
He’d still have sex though.  Lots of it.  Specially with a face like this.  Sex is too awesome.  He might have to find out how that’s gonna work.
“Yes.  The cream is an arousal stimulant for your penis, specifically.  I’ll make some suggestions for how your alpha should restrain you when he applies the cream, but ultimately, that will be up to him.  This will condition you for future milking sessions and make it easier.  Of course, he can forgo it all together if he’d like you to suffer more arousal, but I’ll at least write out the prescription and he can decide.”
Cas gives him that nod.  The one with the smirk attached to it.  It makes his knees weak when he’s not already on them.  He pulls Cas’s dick out and slides his mouth around it.  He doesn’t stop when another commander enters to speak with Cas briefly and it fills his balls knowing he’s being watched.  “Good boy,” Cas whispers to him as the commander updates him.
Sam proceeds to feel bad about the whole thing—yes he knows well he shouldn’t—for the next two hours and it ruins his research vibe.  But this guy shows up while he’s taking a piss one night claiming there was a dog hit by a car on the road.  It’s Sam’s number one weakness—dogs, puppies.  Hell, he’d have gone for a kitten or a bunny.  Sam had never seen Lucifer before.  Heard lots about him yeah, never met him in person. It still took some amount of convincing, because why hadn’t he grabbed someone from with in the diner? Why come all the way into the restroom? But Lucifer had picked the right lie.  Sam was so concerned for the “dog” he did end up following “a strange man” out the back of the diner and across the road.
Castiel appears before him.  His shirt is off and it’s a welcome distraction from what’s about to happen.  His muscles are large.  The skin taut, smooth and dark—like he’s been tanning but angels don’t tan as far as Dean knows.  “This is your punishment for your attempted escape.  For killing my people and for destroying half the tower.  Believe me when I say I’m going easy on you.  Gabriel wanted you strung up in the hall for a week, a whip beside you for anyone to use it should they feel like it.”
Over the next two weeks the doctor says there's a noticeable change in me, things also change in our daily routine.  Cas gave him a list of things for me to do
If Cas has a tantrum, Dean doesn’t notice, he’s too involved in his own crisis, having invented several reasons their baby won’t talk to him.  “Maybe we haven’t bonded, Cas,” he says holding his round belly that gets larger by the day.  He’s popped by this point and it’s clear from the moon he’s pregnant.  “Maybe our baby doesn’t like me.”
He’d earn it someday though.  And then they’d eat pie and drink Dreyous’s special mead.  Dean would get a proud smile—Fire Dad always has proud smiles for him—and Dean would glow with happiness.
“No.  Not with the way this played out.  I’m allowed to call my mate to me whenever I want.  Plus, we have Jack.”
Dean’s heart takes off into a gallop.  “Yes, Alpha.  There was a chaperone.  I swear, and Tann said I was the exception anyway.”
Dean does “come here” but he’s laughing and Cas breaks, smiling that knee-buckling smile of his and pulling Dean into his lap.  Dean nuzzles his neck.  “And I get to wear my braid—you said!”  As predicted, Cas didn’t want it permanently.  He did like it though.  Said it made Dean look fierce and so Dean wheedled being able to wear it for battles.  That means he had to learn how to braid but he plans on having Fire Dad do it for him before he leaves this time.
"I'll say it again, and maybe you'll hear me this time.  I don't see any universe in which I mate with you.  You're the creature who had my brother…" my voice cracks, "…who had my brother killed."  I don't let Dean creep into my thoughts much, at least not yet.  I spend the majority of my time working on what I know Dean would want most, me escaping Lucifer.
“Shhh, it’s okay, Sammy.  Whatever it is, I’ll figure it out.”  There’s gotta be something to  it, though.  I put down my empty plate and sit on the bed opening my arms for him, inviting him to come lay with me.  I’m here to help Sam and that’s what I’m going to fucking do.
God this kid, breaking my heart.  There’s nothing more unjust in the world than doing terrible shit to kids.  I’m just as terrible for not even trying to help him.  I tell myself it’s because I can’t guarantee what Cas will, or won’t do, but I have my own selfish interests in my family.  Thinking of Sammy, Lucifer doing who knows what to him, my mission is clear and I can’t risk it for anyone.
Dean loves hearing that but at the same time it’s like chocolate cake frozen in ice.  To get to the sweet, awesome middle, you’ll either be chipping your fucking teeth or waiting for it to thaw.
"Chains."  He snaps his fingers and like that, I have gold cuffs around my wrists, and my ankles.  There is enough slack in the chain between them I can walk, and do stuff, but it is going to be annoying as hell.
I've developed an odd kind of claustrophobia from too many times being trapped under water.  Anything that feels too heavy, too
"I'll stay 'till you're asleep, Sammy."  He's firm when he says that, like it's his life's mission to keep watch over me.
He pretends to look up to the sky for help.  “No mate has ever challenged me quite so much.”  He cards a soft hand through my hair this time and I enjoy it like a cat being pet. His other hand grips my wrist, his thumb brushing softly against my skin.  “Don’t you have something to tell me?”
Dean’s smile vanishes, he’s quiet for the rest of the meal and he watches every move Cas makes, hoping he can respond with whatever he needs quickly enough to make up for where he lacks.  Cas is quiet too, though alphas are not chatty types.  It’s omegas that are drawn to such behavior.
Nothing can ruin his good mood though.  He’s out of the dungeon.  Yeah, it coulda been a lot worse—it wasn’t bad for a dungeon—but Dean hated it.  Is he out for good though?  Hard to say.  Nothing’s a sure thing around here.
he looks.  Especially to me right now, when I need him so.  The top few buttons are undone, and I can see his chest peaking through.  His dirty blonde hair is badly dishevelled from running his hands through it so many times.
On three, Dean jumps with his strong legs and with Daddy helping lift him and acting as support; there’s a moment when he feels like he’s flying through the air.  He’s still laughing when he’s safely to the ground.  “That was fun, Daddy!  We can do it again?”
I do, not knowing what the fuck he’s going to do, but held hostage by the fact that Dad’s life is in this guy’s hands.  Otherwise, no way I’d be doing any of this shit.  After using and alcohol wipe on my forearm, he holds some kind of device to the spot and is just pulling the trigger, as Sammy comes into the kitchen to see.  “Ow! Fuck that hurt.”
“Are you okay?” Dean asked Castiel nodded softly. Dean pulled Castiel to his chest as Castiel closed his eyes just holding him.
“God chose you for Balthazar.” Castiel sniffed. “When they died, I-I assumed this would never be a problem. Y-You were never interested in other sacreds! So I never-”
“No, actually, I haven’t talked to my dad in forever,” Dean admitted. “We stopped talking when I turned eighteen and moved out.”
Castiel felt someone grab his mouth roughly make him startle awake, Castiel stared up at the Alpha above him who pinned him against the bed so hard it hurt. Castiel’s eyes widened at the pirate king above him as Castiel started to fight and kick. The pirate king growled above him as Castiel bit into his hand letting out a loud scream. The pirate king ripped his hand in anger at the blood from the broken skin.
“I take all the credit.” Dean playfully boasted as Gabriel chuckled. “You can thank me by making me your man of honor one day.”
“Let them go. Please go see to you and your brother’s packing.” The king spoke as Sam bowed and went to do what was asked.
He expected Dean to hold him. But He didn’t. Dean slid his hands away from the prince taking a step back.
"That should be enough for now, I will have to monitor him to-" Alastair paused as Dean hit him hard. Alastair said nothing as Dean ripped the Iv out of his arm and stormed to the door. Dean paused but turned to look at him.
“I’m cumming, Cas. Fuck Castiel.” Dean cursed a growl pulling Castiel’s hair earning a pleased whimper. “I love you so much.”
“You being back, opening old wounds. You should have never come back.” John snapped, Dean turned angry.
Sam nodded picking up the first paper, he read the note which talked about making a battery they were designing to last over eight hours. They said the battery seemed to die at exactly eight hours. Their issue was they didn’t want people who traveled by bus or lived far away to not be able to use the product after working eight hours. Sam eyed the semantics looking at what their problem was.
?” Castiel whispered touching Dean’s face with care. Castiel’s eyes drifting to the freckles he counted on a daily.
“Get off, fattie.” Benny teased as Crowley laughed harder holding on till Benny gave up collapsing next to him. “...What am I going to do with you…?”
madly in love with you...but when you said you would say yes if I asked you to marry me. I thought...might as well shoot my shot.”
Blue eyes lazily stared at the fire in front of him, watching the flames swallowing the fire. He sat in his long chair swirling around the liquor in his glass cup. He watched the flames dance around the glass before a noise to his right made him turn. His maid stood looking at him.
Castiel spoke softly referring to the baby. Gabriel pulled back looking at the bite to his collar with worry fussing over it.
Dean slept deep asleep next to Castiel. Freshly showered from after their date night sex. Castiel had held Dean’s sleeping form till Dean stopped using him as a pillow to turn away from him. Castiel eyed his mate for a moment before he slowly pulled the blankets off his body. Slowly rising from the bed he made sure to not wake him before quietly leaving the room.
“If you guys are going to be in town for a bit, I have a restaurant. Come have a meal on me.” Gabriel handed over his business card as Charlie beamed taking it.
“Don’t look now, but I think Sam and Gabriel are starting to become friends,” Castiel whispered as Dean turned but Castiel lightly kicked him. “Don’t make it obvious.” Castiel snorted as Dean laughed turning back.
Chuck glanced up to see facing away from him, staring at a bullet wound in his chest. Blood soaked through his shirt from both sides as Dean swallowed touching the blood on his chest before his body collapsed.
“Drink from my blood,” Crowley spoke softly as Benny paused at his words. “Drinking blood can heal you, We might need you at full strength.” Benny blushed softly looking away. “Benny, It’s okay. Please. I’m okay. I only have a bump, you have a large deep gash-”
“For now, We’ll get you fed, cleaned up, and healed. The king has to know what happened. We can’t decide for the king but I did happen to hide this from the queen.” Crowley reached into his suit pocket pulling a small bag full of stolen little items and set it on the counter. She cringed.
“Sam!” Jody ran to him as Bobby put down the puppy. “Where’s Sarah? Where are Simon, Snow, and Salem?” No one spoke as Bobby nuzzled the pup to her who fell down unable to stand.
“Come, let’s get you a warm meal.” Castiel ushered as Dean picked up the shotgun. “You don’t need your weapon.”
“I get it now...This is personal.” Dean breathed. “If I had known that I wouldn’t have come to the crossroads.”
kingdoms. This small town clear on the other side of the world was not his forte. Though Dean taught him some when he asked, Castiel asked enough to make out some words.
“I start with the paper,” Castiel stated. “Normally they organize them from most important to not important.”
Gabriel hummed at the soft touches of the Alpha as Sam smiled over him kissing every little piece of his skin.
“Sam did this. We had the video before the crash destroyed the camera.” Lucifer growled. “I want him found and I want him found now.” He moved into her face, causing her to take a step back. Her back lightly smacking into someone behind her. Charlie turned to look up seeing Jess standing strongly and intimidating behind her like a silent batman.
“You are never quick.” Dean raised an eyebrow. Castiel beamed innocently lighting up. “Even though I am tempted.”
Crowley watched on the live feed of Dean screaming in pain, he couldn’t hear through the soundproofing but this omega was giving birth and most likely would finish before the end of the trip.
“Every meal.” Dean breathed half asleep. “He won’t leave…he’s annoying…I showed him though, I ate two donuts in a minute to get him to leave.” Sam smiled softly at that.
“DEAN!” Castiel screamed, barely pulling Dean out of the way of a semi on the road, Dean blinked seeing the semi driver honking and cursing at them as he passed. “WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?! YOU CAN’T JUST WALK IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROAD!”
“Is it that obvious?” Sam asked before adding. “...Though he might not realize…yes. I think he was in love with Savior.” Sam turned to Castiel. “...Losing Savior hurt more than any of us could have realized. Without his opposite, Dean lost the will to keep going.” Castiel glanced over at Sam coldly. “I figured losing Savior, maybe not in the same way, you could relate.”
“I-It’s okay, your body is asking more energy from me…” Gabriel swallowed Gabriel’s hand moving to Sam’s hardened cock experimentally touching it. Sam let out a low groan as Gabriel blushed. “It’s okay, Sam. Let your body take what it needs from me.”
“Maybe this princess just wants to hold the man she loves....” Sarah breathed shyly as John eyed her face. They said nothing as John leaned down starting to lick her fur, she closed her eyes at the affection. If she could kiss him as humans could she would. She softly licked him back, nuzzling against his body. Allowing their affection to continue throughout the night.
Castiel closed his hand on the sand feeling it move between his fingers as he raised his hand watching the sand slide through his fingers.
“I was here, asleep,” Joanna started rubbing her face. “Um, I have proof, we have security cameras that upload the video data to the cloud.” Joanna moved through her home security footage on her Ipad. She turned the iPad over to show the timestamp on the footage. Showing her feeding her tired baby with a bottle on the couch.
“You caused her premature birth.” John hissed as he choked Dean harder. Dean’s face was going red as he tried to claw his hands. “If it wasn’t for your perverted ways, she’d still be here!” Dean felt John let go as Dean fell to his knees coughing and gasping. John grabbed him by the arm yanking him up and forcing him to walk down the stairs. “You took her from me and you want to take Sammy? I won’t fucking let you.”
“He’s just playing with Sam outside.” Castiel breathed as Dean’s eyes moved to the front windows seeing the boys running and screaming in some sort of game of tag.
The house was too big, he couldn’t hear anything. No reply. He listened to the house groan and whine from the movement on the old floors. Dean checked the nearby rooms seeing signs from the old owners, old couches, old decorations. Left to rot just like this place. Dean looked around a bit before he eyed the large rounding staircase to the second floor. Dean breathed to himself a mumbled okay before heading up the stairs to check the second floor when he felt the cave under him.
“We are doing a rustic wedding.” Castiel looked at him. “So you can wear your cowboy hat…but if not, I would have...We could have done a Candyland wedding or Willy Wonka. All the candy.”
Castiel moaned as he shoveled a burger into his mouth, the burger was juicy and god Castiel would never have eaten this fat inducing heart attack on the stick before. He could feel the juices spilling through his fingers as he moaned eating the burger. Dean was contently eating some fries.
“Don’t be sorry.” Sam choked cupping his face with care pressing his forehead against his forehead. “I’m...really happy.” Gabriel looked up at him starting to break down again. Sam kissing his tears away and held him tightly just rocking the shorter man in his arms. “I can’t wait to be a daddy…” Sam moved to kiss Gabriel’s forehead. “I am so happy. I want this to work.”
“No cause’ I know you don’t,” Dean murmured, eyes glued to the table now. He had this far away look on his face, the skin around his eyes twisted and red. “Nobody wants him here more than I do.”
“Damn it, Cas. Are you hearing yourself? There’s a war on, and it’s on you,” Dean gritted. “You said you lost your grace, right? That means you’re human. That means you bleed and you eat and you sleep— all the things you never had to worry about before!”
"You know, on second thought, we're not going to come with you, and since you've given us no quarter, I won't give you any either."
He nods, but he’s trembling.  We get down from the tree and head over to the edge of the ocean again.  It’s returned to its normal blue, the sun changing color behind it as it begins to set.  He turns and I watch him walk toward the water. I can tell how hard it is for him, especially when his bare toes hit the foam.  I can’t take it anymore.  I want to do it all for Sammy.  He’s already experienced more pain than I ever wanted for him, than I was ever supposed to let happen.  Maybe I can do this for him too?
“Master, I adore you.”  Dean steers clear of the “L” word.  Besides, he doesn’t think Cas is looking for an “I love you,” so much as assurance that he’s not alone with his growing feelings.  Because he does have them.  Even without the tattoos—which Dean thinks there’s a lot more to than Cas gives credit—no one annihilates that many of anything unless they care a great deal.  Or they’re a psychopath.  Cas isn’t that kind of psychopath.  “I wish we could be together more.  I missed you while you were gone.  I tried reaching out to you every day, but it wouldn’t work.”
“It’s common for a fire child to share other fire relatives with their fire mother or fire father.  Come hug me,” she demands.
Dad starts in with his belt and carries on with a steady cadence.  The belt falls over and over, sharp thud-whacks reverberating against Dean’s flesh, the skin trembling at the anticipation of the next
They land in the middle of yet more chaos and Dean’s quick to stab and slice.  The familiar whip of black with the flash of blood red snaps from beside him.  Cas is on the ground fighting.  His hand fits over the skull of the demon flying at him.  The thing shakes and writhes as Cas blasts it with his angel powers, frying it from the inside out.  Blue light crackles under its skin, burning out its eyes until they’re just dark sockets.  Cas lets it drop to the ground.
He doesn’t look sorry though, in fact, he looks like he wants to break more shit.  “We’ve been over this.  You’re not supposed to keep things from me, Dean.”
I don’t know what to believe anymore.  I can’t even trust my brain.  I swear that guy was Roark, and then he left whoever he was inhabiting.  I did have a good reason for going down there, I did.  Didn’t I?
“He doesn’t but I wanted it.  He’s refused me for centuries.  I think it’s something to do with you.”
There’s a knock on the door and two people—angels—enter carrying a large whip that has Dean tremoring.  That’s for him.  He knows it’s for him.  He gives Castiel pleading eyes.  He grips the blanket.  “You’re going to be punished for trying to escape, Dean.”
Fuck, well there goes that idea.  “Fine, what do you need?  A garden of squash, or somethin’?”  I have no idea how to grow squash, but I’m sure I can fake it ‘till Dad’s better and then we hightail it out of this place in the dead of the night.
This is the story I'm sure no one is going to read.  I'm at over 110K words and it's mostly complete.  Though, I'm fairly sure this story will maybe double that number but it's written start to finish.  I'm editing it madly!
In any case, I'm able to relax enough I close my eyes, and drift away thinking about easier days when it was just Sammy and I, driving down the road in the Impala.  I jump when I open my eyes.  Cas is there, leaned against the wall, watching me like he's solving a puzzle, one he's in awe of, with what looks like a pair of black pants folded over his arm.  "Cas?"
I can't fathom not being near him for a second.  Slowly, I slide off the bed.  I take his hand, he smiles at me, a smile that warms the part of my core still starving for warmth.  I'll fight him another day, for now, I follow him out the door.
If there's anything I'm ambidextrous at, it's driving.  I slide into the driver's seat, and we head out of the abandoned motel, and I drive with my left hand perched on the steering wheel.
“—come here my little Fire Child.” Dean makes his way over, head down, shuffling his feet.  “You two.  If you can’t say anything nice to Dean, go inside and help Great-Grandmother.”
"That was not nearly enough, but it will have to do for now," he says, still touching me, dragging fingers down my torso, and circling my belly button.  He leans in to kiss my belly, and then sucks hard enough I think he's going to suck my skin clean off.  I cry out, it fucking hurts, but I don't resist.  "There."
Dean brought Paris.  They both enjoyed the mollified sensation of having a parent fuss over them.  It was heighted when Dreyous looked after two boys.  Dean and Paris would sit on the floor by the coffee table together, their bare feet tangled, laughing at anything, while Dreyous fed them and made sure they had enough to drink.  Dreyous would sit across from them in his armchair and listen to their stories.  Sometimes he’d read books to them from his homeland, Ohên.  Other times he’d answer Dean and Paris’s burning questions about Ohên.  He’d insist that it was Dean’s homeland now too.
“All positions will be humiliating and humbling.  That’s the point of your training.  You need to be humbled so you will be tame.  We specialize in this.”
In these moments, I can pretend I’m Jo.  I’m proud mate to a strong angel, who adores me.  My marks are badges of honor.  Anywhere he should decide to mark me is welcome.  I’m always good for him anyway – even if it’s never quite enough for him…
“No.  I mean, please, Master … I want you inside me while I touch my cock.”  Dean’s breath falls away.
I have been working on WW, slowly, but I've had a huge rush of cool scenes flood to me for that, so it's coming.
look bad to the council.  Roark was jailed for an entire year when he formally accused Lucifer of abuse.  See, there was this council for magic.  The brothers and their angels believed Lucifer didn’t want humans on the council, but he would never say it, manipulating behind the scenes instead, getting others to do the dirty work for him until the four were not as respected as they once were.  He positioned himself as the good guy and the more the four tried to point out what he was doing, the pettier they looked.  Roark couldn’t stand it and he lost it one day, making the formal accusation.  Back then, there was punishment for making an accusation later proved false, which it was, at least in the council.  Roark was lucky he wasn’t thrown off the council altogether.”
"Can't you zap me with your angel power-y stuff?  I'm your mate now, you said you can do that with your mate."  According to his weird-ass rules.
Dean knows little about what’s going on which is probably for the best—it all sounds like something Dean would rather stay away from other than the awesome sex part—but he’d bet his left nut Michael should back far away from Cas on this one.  Cas growls and lunges forward stopping just short of Michael who flinches.  It’s a small flinch but still a flinch.  “No.  The sex is just to open an energetic pathway for the spell.  Anyone can do that part.  It’s going to be me.”
“I-It, it’s fine, Dean.”  I used to get angry too.  I used to want Lucifer to understand me.  I used to want to finally have some piece of proof to show him, ‘here look, you’re wrong and I’m right, I’m not crazy, or insignificant.’  None of it would have mattered anyway, I know that, but it never gets rid of the desire to want that sort of closure.  But once we bonded, I
Dean spends the time Daddy prepares dinner constructing a fortress out of blocks all around the playpen.  By the time Daddy comes to fetch him for dinner, Daddy has the opposite problem of convincing Dean to leave the playpen.  What?  He’s complicated.  “But Daddy,” Dean says
As this continues, Lucifer starts fucking into me.   “Sam, I’m gonna need you to be strong, sweetheart.”
Dean snatches his pants off the chair, stuffing his legs into them.  “Don’t expect a thank you card, asshole.  Get out.”
.  Even if it weren't for all that to give this place away as odd, I can feel the low hum of magic flowing rapid as a river through it.
It’s nighttime.  He’s lying on his bed, contemplating having his cock sucked.  His hand is inches from his pelvis.  How sweet would it be to grip the base and give a few strokes?  But that’s not allowed.  He feels sorry for himself, turning over and burying his head in the pillow, miserable.
Dean winks at him.  He’s getting out.  Yeah, not today but his imprisonment has an end date.  Nothing can ruin his good mood.
Cas leaves and I pick up my shirt, turning to go upstairs, completely having forgotten Gabriel’s still here.  “Wow Dean, you’re, that was something.  You’re beautiful when you’re being punished like that.  Watching you surrender… Castiel is a lucky angel.”
When they return from their walk, Dean attempts to spend some time with his siblings.  It makes him miss Sam like a limb.  Jhaan sits beside him at the fire outside.  He has a large, toothy smile.  He’s friendly.  He reminds Dean of a gentler Dreyous.  “Welcome to the family, Dean.  Sorry about the twins.  They liked being the babies of the family.  They aren’t anymore.”
He spots us, and with the way he's looking at me, he definitely regrets not killing me.  I can't resist.  It's difficult with my hand broken, but I manage to pull out one of Sammy's annoying cassettes, and pop it in the player.  Real McCoy starts blaring.  I turn it up more.
But nothing can prepare me for the food they've made just for me.  Cheeseburgers and pie.  And it's totally a ploy.  This is so when Cas arrives, maybe I'll sweet talk Cas into not killing them all.  If I tell him what good care they took of me, perhaps he'll be less murderous.  But they know shit.  I have no such powers.  I have not been able to sweet talk Cas into, or out of anything.  I would be punished for trying.
It's been too long already when I think I've got the essentials.  I don't have time for it, and filled with dread as I am, it's not going to be a proper goodbye anyway.  I take a quick last look at her, one of the best fucking things Dad gave me, the place Sammy and I called home for since I can remember, wipe the tear away from my eye, and
"You don't have to fear me, Dean.  I'm here to apologize to you, and tell you what happened.  That was not my husband.  Unfortunately, my husband is dead."
Dean jumps.  “Yes, Master.”  Right.  Cas ain’t gonna take something like this well.  He’s hiding it for fuckssake.
"I hope you'll be ready when I get back, Sammy.  I want to fuck you so bad, especially with my marks on you like this."
Eventually, I must fall asleep, because next I know; Cas is shaking me awake.  "Time to go."  And we're off to chase another sunrise.
Cas doesn't answer, using his grace to open the gates himself (there's enough grace buzzing through this Community, it's too hard to trace it back to him).  He walks, and I follow, just like always.  I do turn and give a little wave, one I hope Cas doesn't see.  And we're gone.
We move far enough away, we’re out of Gabriel’s angel-hearing-radar.  “I’m going to tell you some things, don’t make me regret this.”
I see his amethyst eyes sparkle in the moonlight.   "Someday, after you've found your brother, and when my father comes to his senses, come back, and I will tell you more stories, ones which tell you all about fairy magic."
times, but Lucifer flies off the handle at any little thing.  I don't know why I keep trying to figure it out.  There's no sense in the irrational, yet my brain won't stop trying to unlock the puzzle of him.
Anxiety pools in my gut.  I’m not sure I know how, but he doesn’t like no.  “I will.  I’ll get better.”
The sexual activities are distracting and don’t help his dick.  Maybe he should go find Michael? but then he smells something fucking delicious.  He follows the scent to what’s essentially a cafeteria.  He hasn’t eaten in months.  He doesn’t need to eat.  But can he?  He’s about to find out.  He snags a tray and drools over the selection.  There’s everything; burgers, fries, pizza, lasagna!  He piles everything onto his tray determined to make up for lost time.
I catch a sniffle from Jack, but he runs out of the office.  Lucifer doesn’t care if Jack is there to see what he does to me, it’s precautionary, because of whatever it is that happened.  I don’t really remember, except for flashes.  I know I started to go crazy, I grabbed my hair and fell to my knees screaming.  I recall a blast of yellow light and then flashes of lucidity, until waking up now.
He nods giving me a meaningful look, and then he's gone.  "What just happened?" Cas whispers in my ear.  I've moved us to the bed, and have Cas on top of me, which I don’t prefer.  I like it better when Cas consumes me.
Paris bows in the dirt and mud.  Dean feels like the world’s biggest ass but he’s not sure what the fuck to do.  This guy’s important.  Dean’s insulted him.
Daddy rolls his eyes.  Uncle Gabe is amused too.  “It’s okay, button,” he says to Sammy.  “You’re going to have to be spanked, because you know better, but that’s all.  I’m not mad.”
“Y-You’re still gonna … after I …?”  Dean can hardly believe his luck.  He’d let a fucking dog touch his dick right now.  Given the choice, he’d pick Cas.  God, he wants him.  Fuck his morals.  He never had many anyway—Master-slave with benefits, that’s what they’ll be.  Giddy up!
“I have been preparing myself for this, for some time.  I don’t think it’s going to be easy, but I think I can make this concession.”
“I hate to give you more bad news, Dean, but I doubt I’ll be able to fly to a dimension I’m not familiar with.  That would be like asking you to drive somewhere you’ve never seen before without directions.  Lucifer could be in
Which is his normal state.  I could bring him.  "All right then, but you have to promise to behave.  That means being quiet no matter what you see."  Jack's seen more than any little boy was meant to.  There's little I can keep from his eyes, as much as I wish I could.  Under the circumstances, it's better to talk things over with him, teach him how to act, and what to do about the things he sees.  Not ideal, but what I feel will serve him best for survival.
I set about undoing the warding, which does take time.  Bobby's directions were quick, I have to do a little searching, but I do find all eight.  If anything, it gives Bobby some time to make his get away.  I know the warding is undone when I feel the weight lift and I can move freely.  As I'm heading out, Cas is already heading into the house, and he is pissed.  "Cas…
Dean’s gut lurches thinking about her, abandoned at that diner, forever.  Plus there was a bunch of shit in the trunk other people should never find.
Cas bites my inner cheek, and soon as the blood hits him – my blood, which has long been intermingled with his grace – it ignites a frenzy.  He grabs my hair by its roots, and yanks my neck open sinking his teeth in.  I know this sounds like a kinky-vampire-sex thing, but it's not.  It's more similar to a lion tearing the throat from his prey, and although he's only tearing through the skin, there are a lot of nerves there, and it hurts.  The blood gushes.  I cry out.
The big dinner is the day before their visit to the healer.  Dean always gets a bit nervous before these things, where various dignitaries visit.  Hosting dinners is not something he’s good at, but he tries, he wants to make his alpha proud, he wants to make sure all who come are impressed with his alpha.
Probably not, but I'm gonna.  I do phrase is as a statement rather than a question, fooling myself into thinking that's safer.  "This explains why you can't fly, but not why we can't use other modes of transportation."
"Who is this we have here?  I have heard word you'd taken a mate Castiel, but I had to see it for myself to believe it," he says in an accent that's thick and very British.  "Come.  Come closer, Dean.  I want to see the face of the man who's captured my brother's heart."
“Because Dean, he treated me like my own person, not an extension of how well you’ve protected me, or kept me in line.  After seeing that Mother devastated by the loss of her son, and then almost losing her in the process, I’m glad for the correction.  Seeing that Mom gave me a glimpse into what Dad feels when we fuck up, especially in this kind of life.  We have to be more, so we need more.  We need different things than regular people, or we won’t be able to deal with the world we live in.”
I know I've done the right thing when Jack fills with relief.   Sisco sets him down.  "May I put Jack to bed?" I ask.
I almost laugh.  Cas won't let me near that stuff.  Looks like my entertainment for the evening continues.  I enjoy cheeseburgers (after Cas makes sure I pray 'properly'), and laughs with Balthazar, as Cas fumes beside me, behaving himself as much as he's able, once again demonstrating just how much he reveres his brother, even while he's giving away his secrets.  Balthazar shares a lot with me.
Dean looks back to Cas for permission even though it’s been implied through the act of them being here at all.  Dean can’t help it; he’s too used to it.  Cas nods.  “Come along, Castiel,” Dreyous invites.
Daddy reaches between his legs to check now and then and Dean flushes hot with embarrassment when Daddy touches him there.  “There we go.  Mmmmm, yaaaaasss.  Good boy.”
“I’m Emperor.  I can do whatever I like and I’m going to start with spanking you in a minute if you don’t watch yourself.”
He used to hate bowing every time Cas walked into a fucking room—or he walked into a room that had Cas in it—but now he needs it.  He wants to kneel before Cas stare up at him with pure worship.
Several other guardians make similar excuses.  Cas doesn’t wait, using his grace to clear the table in the center just like in the movies.  Dean’s tossed over it and he gets what he wanted in the first place—Cas’s thick cock up his ass—as people file out.
"I do."  I don't think I can talk about Sammy, even to this little interloper.  And I love Cas too, but I definitely don't want to pass on to this kid that falling in love with creatures that hurt you is a good thing.  I leave it at that, and hope he doesn't talk about it anymore.
“Because I was stupid enough to think maybe you love me and that it was fucking with you.  I was going to stay away.  With Michael.  Then you could stop letting it eat at you.”  Saying it out loud’s even worse.  It sounds like a breakup.
"This proves my point, the humans knew better. The animals didn't have the logic necessary to make such a decision."
. It requires getting to a particular vibration, a heightened energy and much like flying to neverland, it requires happy thoughts in order to get elevated emotions, to get anywhere close to a vibration where you can begin to become pure consciousness.
Ugh.  But I know nothing of magic, or how I’d even begin to do a spell.  “Hey Sammy, any info in those books on spells?”  It’s worth a shot.
“Jonathan and Michael formed a profound bond in another timeline, it doesn’t mean they will in this one,” Cas explains.
Over the next two weeks, Dean’s taken through a series of tasks and hooked up in increasingly humiliating positions, brought to orgasm and then made to wait until the next session.  His life is one orgasm to the next for two weeks and he’s not sure he’ll ever be able to control it.  He’s trying here.  Trying to get “tamed” or whatever the fuck they think it is they’re doing to him, but he doesn’t know if it’s working.
"I don't recommend it kid," I say.  I'm hoping to stall him, or it until I figure out whether or not I have to kill it.
We both kneel down, swishing our hands in the water, trying to come up with the submerged necklace.  A large wave collides into the shore and spits the necklace out onto the beach.  We both dive for it, crawling over sand, but Sammy has the longer arms, and he reaches for it.  “Aha!  It’s mine, Dean.  Fair and square,” he says picking it up and tying it around his neck.
Cas is merciless.  It’s rounds of him sucking Dean’s dick, fondling his nuts and pressing that damn dildo into him, hitting the back of him just right.  Dean’s sucking wind and there’s no oxygen in the room, can’t be ‘cuz he can’t get any.  It feels so damn good.  Cas’s tongue lathing the shaft, pressing into the crevices around the head.  Dean wants a fucking medal for his services after this one.  He hasn’t even asked to come.  He’s not planning on it.  He wants to do this for Cas—it’s for Cas’s pleasure, not his own.
“I-In my room.”  Lucifer won’t stop crying.  While Sam’s expanded in power and shifted alliances, Lucifer’s reverted to the more innocent side of his personality.
He laughs at me.  "All's well that ends well, eh?  Can we go over to that diner you were talkin' 'bout now?  I'd like to get a burger before we head out of town, while there are still burgers to get."
"It was, but it was far risker to leave you like that—these woods are dangerous.  You are so strong, it's been hard to gauge your abilities, but now with the magic settling, I am getting a better sense."
“I’ve noticed that they’re not heavy enough at times.  They should be in order for you to continue to exercise the control you need over your fire gift.”
"Holy shit."  I bring the paper over to Cas.  "Can you read this?" I ask quietly.  It's in Enochian.
I never get to sleep, and we don't get too much time after, before the guards are back.  "The king has said you've had enough time down here to think, and he would like to speak with you both."
Levi gives him the additional promised notes for Cas, along with the prescription, but then he’s free to go.  Dean immediately seeks Cas knowing that Cas will be wondering how things went.  Cas is busy in the field with his warriors, and while he can’t break, he’ll appreciate knowing Dean and their youngling are nearby.
kill people.  Ergo, of course I wouldn’t fucking tell him when I’m worried, he’ll kill people I don’t want him to.
Gabriel doesn’t do much of anything, just lays back on the couch, his feet up on what’s left of the coffee table, until Cas says it’s time to go.  He’s so quiet, it’s unnerving.  And then begins the longest amount of time Cas won’t talk to me since we met.  Sure, he says words to me, orders telling me what to do, but it’s not talking.
He doesn't say clean up and get dressed, so I simply put my new, soon-to-be-soiled-with-Cas's-shiny-angel-come boxers on.  Fucker.  The humans won't pick up on that scent, but other angels, and angel mates will.  "Does this mean helping is out?"  He said I could help in the infirmary if they had one, which I'm guessing by the size of this place, they do.
Dean’s cock is fucking itchy.  Like, itchy from hell.  He lies on his bed willing the itch to go away.  He’s learned touching his cock—his Master’s cock, is an inevitability and sometimes he’s got to pay rent by way of a the rubber stick for doing so.  It has to be fucking worth it though.  God how much would he love to scratch his balls?  Just go haywire and rub them.  How sweet would it be to peel them off his thigh when they stick there?
“I guess some would call what I like that, but I don’t.  I just like to be obeyed.  I like to be in charge.  It’s who I am.  Do I
“You’re a lot quieter than he was.  Jonathan would talk on and on about everything.  He especially liked speculating on this prophecy, or that and I would listen just as I am now.  I thought laying like this might bring the bond back.  Do you know why it hasn’t happened yet?”
“Of course, you could still get permission from one of my brothers, but I would think you’ll eventually want to enjoy that particular pleasure with your little boyfriend at some point.”
"If it pleases you."  I must look awful and smell worse, I'm not sure I particularly want Jack to see me, but I need to know he's okay.
Aha!  He finds it, it’s dangling from him, because oh yeah, Daddy clipped it to him, so he wouldn’t lose it among all the other stuffies he demanded he have with him.  The stupid mitts won’t let him get it back in his mouth easily though, and he gets frustrated.  Eventually he gives up, and starts scooping up his stuffies with his mitted hands, and batting them out of the crib.  The one he’s stuck in until Daddy comes to get him.  Daddy told him very clearly.  “If I catch you climbing out of your crib on your own, you’ll be punished and you won’t like it.”
In any case, Cas is acting strange, which is always a cause for worry.  Despite my exhaustion, I become alert.  "Dean, I require your assistance."
I look down to the amulet, the weight of the water keeps it pinned to my chest.  It sits there, lifeless.  I hope another bit of information will come, like it has in past.  Little knowings seemed to come like a trail of breadcrumbs, like they’d always been there and I was just remembering in the moment.
I thought he meant because of the creatures who would make sure I didn’t leave, but there was more than that.
It hurts as he presses into my bruises, but I get a twisted sort of comfort from it all hissing as my cock perks up.  My cock loves the violence, and the pain even if I'd rather it didn't.  Cas digs a hand into my hair, yanking my head back, positioning his hand tight against my skull.  Cas can do any number of things to me in this position, and he has, ranging from really fucking awesome, to really fucking
So he's the expert now?  I don't say it though.  I've mouthed off enough for one day.  Instead I join him, and miss him too.
Sam’s not going without Dean though.  He jumps and therefore so does Cas.  Dean meets Cas in the air first—he’s closer—knocking Sam back with his fist before landing a hand to Cas’s neck.  It feels so wrong.  So fucking wrong.  It takes all his willpower to hold Cas’s neck—Cas isn’t even struggling.  Cas prefers non-violent ways of controlling him, which doesn’t mean he’s opposed to violence.  Or corporal punishment.  He just relishes in commanding strong creatures without force.  “You’re going to regret this moment later, Dean.”
did I lose it?  I have to school my breathing, so I don't have a freaking panic attack, because the thought of how many is overwhelming.  "T-Two hun-hundred, sir."
He curls in closer.  It’s perfect.  It’s just what Sam wants.  “I want you to be my special locked boy.  You’ll be in chastity twenty-four seven.  Only coming out for special occasions.  I’ll enjoy using you like that.”
with God, sure, but we can’t deny his existence any more than he can deny ours.  But back to the topic at hand, I keep getting these visions over and over.  Of all the possibilities there could be, this is the one that keeps playing.”
I know the rules.  I don’t get up to remove my clothes, still below him, still on my knees, moving around enough to slip my pants down and off.  I wish my cock wasn’t hard, but it is and he can see.  “Good boy, Sammy.”
When I return dressed, Sam squints at me.  I don’t mention it and I don’t mention that Dad’s dying either, but Sam can read me pretty well, he knows things aren’t good.  This is probably the point in the movie, where I’m supposed to have some big realization about my daddy issues, where I tell Dad, ‘thanks for everything,’ but ‘I’m staying with him ‘till the end no matter what he says.’  My character will have experienced growth, the audience will feel relief and I guess I march off into the sunset with my new knowledge.
One of the annoying little bright dots flickers about closer to us, and then enlarges to a pretty man, with wings.  He's got his long, pale-brown hair tied back in a ponytail.  His skin is shimmering purple, with darker purple contours, and lilac purple highlight to compliment his silver eyes, which have a diamond-like sparkle.  "Castiel, I am Drydon.  I make negotiations for the King."
Cas takes a moment to heal Dean.  Right.  Angels don’t like seeing marks from others on their humans.  Most don’t anyway.  For Lucifer, it depends.  Dean squeezes Castiel one more time and then hops down.  “All right, Sammy.  You hear that?  We’re gonna fly on a dragon.”
Dean uses his tongue to lick along the shaft and then he swirls it in Cas’s slit at the top of his cock.  He sucks in two swift pumps and then grips the base firmly jacking him at the same time as he sucks.  When Cas lets loose his first moan, it eggs Dean on.  He knows he’s good at this but it’s well-known that Cas is a hard nut to crack even during sex.
Something’s just not right.  Something’s off.  There’s a big piece missing to all of this, I can feel it.  And as a side, I fucking hate hearing him talk about himself like that.  But I’ll have to deal with the latter bit another time.
fucking good when it does, which always amazes me.  How can you feel like you want to die one minute, and then like you're in heaven the next?
Gabriel wanted to protest but Fire Dad’s blue skin had white light racing through it.  “Until you’re done with him then,” Gabriel agreed after deciding that arguing with an angry fire parent was a bad idea.
Earlier on, I thought it was some mutated mix of lust and the bond.  I do lust for him, all the time, and the bond adds a complication to my feelings, a sort of obsessive-compulsion, but it's not the same as love.  It took me some time to figure out, but I know the difference now.  I know I feel love for Cas, because through all this, through everything, I've never stopped loving myself.
I included the Men in Kilts edit which I hope you enjoy.  If you follow my biog, some are repeats from there but they are my faves! So had to show here too. And what helped inspired kilts in this story.
it, Cas.”  But I take pity on him.  I reach beside me for his pants, and tug his belt out of them.  Nothing makes Cas happier than to beat my ass with this thing.  “Here Cas, why don’t you lay some more marks on me.  That will make you happy and lift the sad.”
“That’s the real reason no one wanted us to meet earlier.”  Dean gets it now even though he still thinks that’s a shit reason.  He would have loved to know Dreyous this whole time.  He feels like he missed out.
Which is why, he’s running to Papa’s house the day after Cas’s latest return and their latest fight.  Yeah, they made up but Dean’s left with a lot of feelings.
Evil is evil because it has no empathy.  It terrorizes without mercy.  It doesn’t care about getting better, it manipulates so it never has to.  It spreads a whole ideology that preys on the hearts of those who give a fuck beyond themselves, making it easy to turn whole groups of people to minions who worship them.  It will not get better, it will not stop using others for their own means.  The only way to end this kind of evil, is to kill it.
“So, you also keep saying.”  Sam doesn’t believe him.  Sam lets the angel blade fall into the light, lets the sun glint off it so Lucifer can see.  “Come here.”
He kisses my cheek understanding what I mean.  "You're going to stay here with me, anyway.  I missed you all day.  Have you learned your lesson?"
“You’ve traded one master for another, Sammy.  Offers still there if you want me to help you kill him.”
I don’t know if I can answer him.  Both because I don’t really know what I was doing down there either, and he’s terrifying right now.  I know he won’t like anything I say and he’s going to hurt me.  I take a breath and I try anyway.  “A man came and told me to follow him.  I wasn’t sure what it was for, but it seemed important.  He led me down there and then he turned on me.”  I show him the bump on my head I know is there.
"Okay, so once upon a time, the dragon told me we would need to find a very powerful item, but that we might lose our lives getting it…"
Castiel holds one of Dean’s wrists before him, smirking.  They’re already there.  Fucking angel juice.  They’re thin and golden copper with Enochian over the surface.  Occasionally the Enochian symbols glow—Dean still doesn’t know what that means and Cas won’t tell him—and it’s those times he misses Sam the most.  Sam could figure it out.  Sam would tell Dean.
The angel is mesmerizing with his long black hair, copper skin, and sharp appearance.  There’s an ache when I look at the angel, but it’s on Roark’s behalf, like Roark’s already missing him, but trying not to.  Trying to live each minute to its fullest, because they don’t have infinite minutes left.
Everything about that week was disjointed, like it was a random event, which is why Ceri’s words were so stark, they were deliberate.  I remember what Sam said about magic having gone out of men, but that’s not true, Ceri had magic.  Maybe not much in comparison to the kinds of men in Roark’s day, but he had magic.  He claimed to know I was coming, he somehow did
That pisses Dean off.  He’s tired of that joke.  He doesn’t smile like he usually does.  What he does do is his best to remain impassive, so Cas doesn’t punish him in some creative way.  Cas slides a hand around his neck, eyeing him, knowing something’s up.  He waits for Dean to break as he moves ever closer to Dean’s lips.
I convince Sam to stand up and we make our way over to the two angels and tiny Nephilim.  They’ve found Michael some clothes, but he looks odd in the green army-style fatigues and white tank, like he’s underdressed.  Yet, it suits him too.  He’s got the deepest blue eyes and fuck I hope he’s at least as ‘nice’ as Gabriel.
And when I confirm it for him, I feel better.  Earlier, I felt like a broken toy, but now I feel like I’m worth something.  “Good, my Sam.  That’s good.  You gotta prove it though.”
I thought for sure I'd be hearing a whole story about his imaginary friend.  "Why not?"  I pull his travel boots off.
“You can’t tell me later?  Or if you’re gonna stay and stare, the least you can do is rub my ass a little.”
“You need to use, sir, Dean.  I’m punishing you next time you forget,” he says as he chains his hands to his collar.
“It doesn’t matter.  I was punished.  I’ve learned my lesson.  I won’t do it again.” No way Dean’s telling Cas he thought Cas was vulnerable.
“They can’t see you.” A voice spoke as Castiel turned in surprise, his eyes falling on the man from earlier. The odd one with the plaid. He looked at Castiel with sympathy.
Dean tensed starting to cum as well, pounding them through his orgasm. Castiel gasped as he could only look down watching Dean’s cock throbbing in his release. Dean’s thrusts slowing down till Castiel was the only one grinding. Taking Dean for all he was worth, he slid a hand down massaging the contracting balls in his hands.
Intoxicatingly charming blue eyes opened in surprise with a starling gasp as he laid there in his bed. Castiel’s heart racing as his body realized whatever had startled him was over and done. He caught his breath trying to relax, startled by something he couldn’t remember of what must have been a dream. The sound of his alarm next to him going off snapped him from his thoughts, getting up he cursed realizing he set the alarm for a reason. He sighed reaching over tiredly slapping his physical alarm clock button before he groaned getting up to start the day.
“...If we must-” Castiel breathed with slight annoyance that he had to. Out here...A prince could just be Castiel...out here a knight could be just Dean.
“Trouble shrumble.” Charlie waved off her concern. “Besides, no one knows who you are. Even if they did, would they really believe a super is having dinner in there?”
“...Do you really see yourself...as so worthless?” Castiel spoke as Crowley paused at...how sad his words were. Crowley sat back in his lap as Castiel looked at him with sadness. Crowley felt...so uncomfortable he climbed off Castiel’s lap. “...Crowley...why do you think you never hit on me till now?”
“Okay...you go to bed at the same time as me, this isn't happening again.” Castiel got out of bed, Dean moved to follow him when Castiel put his hand out stopping him. “Stay here.”
“He...didn’t go to the crossroads,” Castiel whispered as he slowly moved to grab his notebook sitting at the table as Dean moved to sit in front of his curiously eyeing the human food he had.
“You can tell them yourself!” Chuck breathed before turning. “How long till a goddamn ambulance gets here!”
Castiel kept refusing but one time Charlie took him to a party he was throwing. Castiel was surprised when Charlie told him to dress comfortably. This wasn’t going to be a big, celebrity get together? A chance to show off their wealth and privilege in a bullshit extravaganza with paparazzi...but it wasn’t.
“...I’m sure you noticed. How weak is my power.” Castiel stated. “...The longer I am here on earth, the more power I lose. Soon there will only be you left and I will no longer be an angel.”
“How can he make the light in a dark place?” Castiel asked as Jack blinked up at him. “How can I not see if there is light?”
“A little. It’s tender.” Sam explained as Gabriel continued to tend to it. Sam laid on his free paw watching Castiel and Dean eating. “...Any progress with Castiel?”
“Ditch the car?” Castiel glanced up as he looked back at the van. They needed this for Dean’s mobility.
Castiel turned to make sure all the kids were strapped in, seeing Michael had finished with the girls making sure they had what they needed. Making sure their headphones were in and had a blanket on them.
“I know, but the timing never felt right to tell them,” Dean mumbled, taking their hands away to drink his coffee as they drove past the security for the property. Dean parked the car in his separate garage before they got out.
We’re approached by a group of beautiful women, barely wearing anything, with long dark hair and deep copper skin.  “Hello Castiel,” one says.  “Welcome back.”
“Of course.  Sit in my chair.”  Dreyous brushes his hair in long strokes.  Dean closes his eyes.  Dreyous’s care washes through him.  He’s never had this.  He always wanted it.  He’s imprinted like a puppy to his blue, Fire Father.  Dreyous does a tight braid over Dean’s right ear.  There’s enough hair to hang to the end of the curve of his ear.  Dreyous looks him over when it’s complete.  “There now, you look like a fearsome warrior.”
“I don’t think you need magic for that.  I think they left us some in that amulet.  That amulet, plus the spark of Jonathan in me is enough to summon Michael.”  He takes a breath.  “I just have to walk into ocean.”
"Stop that," he says continuing with another lash.  His pressure is intense; he's not planning on making this an easy three hundred.  "You can do it, you are strong."
All the while, I can feel his anger and irritation.  Whatever's he's doing has not calmed him, and I can't sleep anyway, so I strike out to find the dickhead.  I find him all right, sitting before the wall, staring at the place where our hands are engraved into it.
Cas gets up, but I remain at his feet, only rising enough to kneel.  I feel his approval and his reach down to pet my hair. I want to lean in, but don’t.  Maybe another time, for now I want to show him how good I can be.  “We are not on an adventure, Gabriel.”
The spanking was so, normal.  He pulled down my pants (I was already wearing pants, albeit without underwear, then) I went over his knees and he gave me a hard, bare-bottomed spanking with his hand for a long while.  He finished with a wooden paddle that made sure I couldn’t sit comfortably for a week.
I’ve begun to go crazy, just like the book said I would.  The truth is, I probably have been for some time, but it’s more noticeable now.
Then there’s the matter of his insane horniness.  Not now because of the witch potion but when it wore off.  Angels do seem to have an intense sex drive—more than humans—but his seems more than that.  Maybe it’s just because it’s him—Dean Winchester, sex God extraordinaire—been made into an angel resulting in that “side effect.”  But Dean’s not that lucky.
Dean rolls his eyes.  “Okay, so what, you like jump inside me?”  For all they chatted about Dean being his sword they never really got into the specifics.
“I can’t believe he gave me a bedtime and in front of everyone.  Do you think he’ll punish me if I tell him to stuff it on that one?”
This is my only chance to get a look at Sammy, if he's even with Lucifer, and I don't care what I gotta do, and who I gotta hurt to see him.  I punch a fairy in the face, I kick another in the stomach when he tries to grab me, come hell or high water, I'm making it to the top.
“I’m over four hundred years old.  I gathered that much.”  His features twisted into an amused expression.  “Fire fiends, unlike humans, are built to withstand long bouts between orgasm.  The accumulation, while uncomfortable, builds endurance for your fire gift like no other thing.  Keeping your balls constantly heavy is good training.”
Dean’s still beat to shit.  He couldn’t move for a solid hour.  Donny and Dalton looked after him, keeping demons away until he could heal himself enough.  He’s got watered down angel powers at best though.  His healing takes longer than theirs.  Sometimes he thinks he’s more fire fiend than angel even though he’s supposed to be a half breed.
He removes his finger, and retrieves an implement.  "You put out the prison strap for me, I am pleased."
By the time I come to – if you can call it that, I'm still in a sex magic drunk haze – I remember that I'm on a porch, one that isn't mine, in the middle of the day.  Both Cas and I have lost clothes.  Cas is in nothing but his long-sleeved white shirt, which is mostly undone, and a pair of socks.  I've got, fuck, just one sock, and a whole bunch of different marks on me, including fresh welts from Cas's belt.
I feel his finger toying with the waistband of my pajama pants and fuck, I want to feel his bare hands on my cock, but I know he won’t do it unless I ask.  We’ve been here a few times.  Tonight though, I can’t see any reason
When Lucifer told him there was an angel-brand tracker on the Impala, he figured Lucifer was probably lying but there was no way to know for sure. They had found Dean somehow after all. Sam grabbed some things from the trunk and ran.  He wasn’t going to get Dean away from angels getting caught that’s for sure.  He’s not sure why he chose Mexico other than it seemed like a good idea at the time.  As if the angels couldn’t find him in Mexico.  In fact, one did.
“It’s weird you know so much about your brother’s fetishes.”  Dean’s also jealous he gets to call him Cas and Dean doesn’t.  Dean crosses his arms and leans back.
“I can’t get past the marketplace, which means Castiel likely can’t either.  I agree, it’s some kind of selective warding.  I know he has other angels and demons in his employ and they get in just fine.  The warding must be linked to grace signature.”
So not the right analogy for this but Dean’s not in the mood to argue about something trivial—trivial in comparison to his current predicament.  “Great.  Tell him I’d like to know his favorite color while he’s at it.  I pick my hand.”  Dean can’t wait to touch his dick.
Dean wants to cry.  He already wants to cum again so bad.  He wishes he’d waited for Cas.  “Yes, Master.”
I wish I could go back in time and just tell Roark to cut down his own damn wood.  I scrub my hand over my face.
“Maybe,” Tann says.  “We won’t know till he presents, but you know, I wouldn’t mind whatever he is.  We have two other fine boys, if they turn out to be alpha, as I suspect they might, it would be nice for them to have an omega brother to take care of.  It’s important to teach alphas young how best to take care of an omega.”
Lucifer fumbles with the buttons.  An archangel shouldn’t fumble with buttons.  He wipes his eyes with the backs of his hands between undoing buttons and then shimmies out of the green button down. Underneath is a white tank top.  When he grips the hem, Sam stops him.  “Do you still want me to fuck you?”
Dean nods into Cas’s shoulder, but his eyes are hard, and his brow is scrunched.  Dammit.  He’s supposed to accept his alpha’s word, but he can’t even do that right.  He takes a breath, hoping to exhale his doubts.
Dean looks around for Cas.  As much as it sucks, he’s Dean’s anchor.  God only knows why.  As in he—God—seriously knows why, but no one’s seen him for a long fucking time and Dean doesn’t get to ask him.  As he was told, God ordains these pairs.  It’s why Cas claimed him.  Sorta.  He could have refused, and Dean would have gone to whoever ‘inherited’ him after—like a fucking house—or whoever wanted to try claiming him.  Everyone guesses Michael.  Frankly so does Dean.
“What should I call you when we’re not, you know?”  Dean is super shy, which is so not him.  Cas has that effect on him.
"I'll do better this time.  I promise."  I thought I was surrendering, I thought I'd figured it out, but I hadn't.  Surrender doesn't mean forcing yourself to do what you're told.  Surrender means opening your heart to possibilities you don't know are there, you don't know the outcome of.  It means having a little faith.  I've done it before without realizing what I was doing.  I can do it some more.
But Dean wants Cas to touch him like he was touching Jack.  “I don’t care who you fuck.  I don’t want you calling anyone else sweetheart.”
They’d talked about this kink of Cas’s in length long before they ever agreed to any kind of play.  It’s a
After it was over, he held me.  He let me cry, until he said it was time for bed.  He helped me into my pyjamas and then he laid with me while I clung to him, grateful it didn’t seem like I’d lost his good favour.  “You weren’t ready this time, but you will be and I’ll keep my promise to take you out.  A challenge would be good for you, but not without me there.  There are things I can do to help you.”
Sam is looking at me, but he’s in his own world.  He responded to Jack though.  Eventually, he greets me, but again, not what I expect.  So far from what I fucking expect, I don’t know how to respond.  “Oh.  Hi, Dean,” he says.
“You’ll seek me out Dean because you’ll want to please me.  You’ll crave it.  Forget orgasms.  Just the pleasing in and of itself will be enough for you.  I bet you’ll go days, maybe even weeks without orgasm just to have me look at your cock.”
Dean panics, attempting to do an account.  He finds, to his surprise, he can count how many.  “Forty-seven.”
“Believe me, having him for a mate is not paradise,” Cas says.  “Anything else you’d like to tell me Dean?”
“Great.”  Just what I need, an ancient, self-help guru, telling me the secret is within.  Yeah right.
Daddy distracts him by giving him so many more toys than he did last night, and they play together this time, Daddy making Dean laugh his big, little boy laugh.
of it, is a mixed message.  Like some of the voices are telling me to stay away, others crying for me to help them,
“Not tonight.  This is for you.  I—” he freezes when he sees Dean’s hair.  A tear trails down his right cheek.  “—you got your hair cut like mine.  The General allowed this?”
I nod and then foolishly reach out to touch him.  “No!” Sam screams and I look around because will someone come?  They don’t.  Sam curls away from me, into a ball.
Uncle Gabe cleans him up and gives Sammy his blanket back – which got moved to the side so it wouldn’t get dirty while they ate it wouldn’t get dirty – as Sammy climbs down from the chair.  “All right, kid.  Just gonna help Uncle Cas clean up and then—”
He laughs some more.  "I know Castiel well, I raised him – by human definition, you could call me his father, ours was always a bit absentee – which means I know there's no one and no thing that could make Castiel do something he didn't want to do.  He wanted you Dean from the moment he saw you.  His desire of you had nothing to do with Father.  You're probably the furthest thing from what
Dean bites his lip.  Conversation is tricky, a dangerous field of landmines impossible to maneuver without some kind of explosion.  “It was good.  I dropped the gift off to Chef Tann and couldn’t resist the pie on offer.”
I abandon all caution.  He sounds fine.  I arrive downstairs, just as he tosses Gabriel onto his knees on the floor.  “Stay there.”
“Cas, Cas! Please, get me out of here.” Tears are streaming down my face. I’m overcome with irrational terror, my voice shaky as hell.
Cas cracks a smile that makes his face look too much like an ad for POLO by Ralph Lauren.  No wonder serial killers can lure people into their mini-vans.  They all look like Cas right now before they pickle your nuts in a tea kettle.  Cas kisses his forehead
Defiantly, I undo my belt and yank my clothes down, getting over the bed like he was.  I mimic my brother in every detail, down to the way my boots point one toward the bed and one at a thirty-degree angle from the bed.  I bury my head into my crossed arms and wait, the cool air rippling across my skin.
, so damn good.”  I can’t say anymore, my brain switching between flashes of the sunny brother I travelled most of my life with, to the one who stares at ceilings seeing nothing, not knowing if he’s in reality, or living in his mind.
Dammit.  There's just no way I'm going to learn enough Enochian before Lucifer gets back, and I doubt the books I truly need to look at are easy access.  I feel the crush of defeat again.  Before I used to hope Dean would abandon any ideas of finding me after a time – if he's still out there – but now I pray he's still looking.  Something in my gut tells me Lucifer's made it, so the only way out here would be if I had outside help.
I did slowly, and even though it should have been obvious, it took me some time to figure it out.  “Are you
I raise my brows.  “I had a heart to heart with the guy.  That’s not magic.”  I punch him in the arm.
Something's off about the way he says all of that, but I can't place it.  "Is that really doing magic though, if you don't have the grace to ignite the spell?"
down.  Even if he hasn't mated with Sam, do you have any idea how many mates he's taken in his time?"
“Someone taught me.”  He kisses Dean and, in a heartbeat, they’re tumbling into black silk.  Cas has them both undressed—kilt and general war jacket on the floor tangled together—and he’s sliding into Dean.  Dean’s thigh wraps around Cas tugging him closer.  He rubs against Cas like he’s scenting him.  Maybe he is.  Do fire fiends do that?  He’ll have to ask Dreyous.
Even Cas has to think a moment.  "Look for people, like us," Cas says.  "And Tell us what they're doing."
When they get to the third stroke, Dean’s yelp isn’t just for mollification, but true grief and if he were standing, he knows the fifth would have him up on his toes.  As is, he presses his hips forward just enough, but not so much, he gets away with it without a scolding.
There’s a pause and realization seems to fall on Cas like mist in the air but he shrugs it off.  “That makes no difference.  I would have done the same.  Why would I leave a losing battle, let alone leave a losing battle for my slave?”
“It’s fucking sexy—sorry!” Dean’s quick to say realizing he’s cursed yet again.  He can’t seem to get rid of the habit.
"That's right.  Some call me the fairy queen, some call me Empress.  You may call me Asherah.  Please, I'll explain more, but we have to give him this now."  She pulls a vile red as her skin from a satchel at her waist.  I recognize it from what Jamir had.  I nod.
Smirking, Cas applies the cream generously, making sure it’s rubbed into every crook and crevice of Dean’s cock and balls.  Cas’s attention alone feels good.  It’s almost a ‘dirty’ thing, because Cas doesn’t usually pay much attention to his cock.  Omegas should come on their alpha’s cocks.  But Cas likes Dean’s small cock and can’t help the occasional rub or tease.
Jack needs a bath, so that’s the first place I take him.  It’s hard.  Of course, I expect the bruises and other marks on him, but seeing them is worse than knowing they’re there.  I’m gentle and he’s too trusting.  I don’t know what kind of reform he underwent, but whatever it was, he’s not allowed to refuse me.  I don’t bother focusing on all that – there’s no point, it will only mean more pain for the both of us and Lucifer will still get what he wants anyway – and distract him by talking about anything other than the obvious.
“Well you don’t have to worry, I get that this is our only shot in hell,” I say gripping the amulet that never leaves my neck, well except for those few times.  “If it’s still a shot that is.”
“That’s my name, don’t wear it out kid.”  This time, he’s not a little ghost. He’s whole, but he’s still got the same bracelets on as Gabriel and this time I can see they’re covered with sigils too.
“No.  A Nephilim is a Nephilim.  The part that makes us angel is not the vessel we inhabit, but our grace.  When we are young, we are a white-yellow light, but when God finally makes us an angel, we turn blue.”
“Believe me neither did I.”  Cas scowls.  “Well, what do you want?  I’m your captive.”  He smiles.  He toys with Cas’s jacket.  “I … I don’t mind so much.  If you removed my collar tomorrow, I’d stay.  I mean, I’d want to visit Sammy or something, but I’d always come home.  To you.”
It’s embarrassingly easy for Cas to scoop him up and launch into the air with him.  He dumps him on a ledge up high like he’s a bag of rocks.  He might be at this point.  “Don’t go anywhere, Winchester.  Don’t touch your cock either.”  Cas smirks.
Dean rubs the back of his neck.  “I was a War Major, Cas.”  Cas frowns.  “But I will endeavor to do better.”
Sammy’s staring out at the vast ocean, with unspeakable terror in his eyes, like the ocean is worse than clowns.  “Sam?”
“I suppose some leniencies can be made considering, but I expect you to obey me this time, or, since I’m not having any luck, I’ll send you for punishment.”
There's no way he can't do this himself, he's doing this for me, and I appreciate the gesture, especially since no way would I ever let a stranger get their paws under Baby's hood.  "Yeah, I'd love to," I say because I'm also not missing the opportunity.  I miss tinkering under a hood.
have come from and why we’ve ended up where we’re at today.  I can’t verify them, and I can’t do anything about them even if I could.
“Can you blame me?” Castiel smirked as Dean slowly lowered himself onto his cock. Dean moaned as Castiel watched Dean slowly completely sitting on him. Dean bit his lip closing his eyes as Castiel’s hands cupped Dean’s ass in his hands. “I see you wearing my sweater in nothing more than boxers and I knew I had to unwrap you.”
“What’s a Shrug Mankeys look like?” Jack asked so curiously. Castiel grabbed a chalkboard by the bed drawing the beast in more
“Fuck,” He gasped, and it’s terror that steered him then. It grabbed two fistfuls of his soul and dragged him sideways— his hand meeting the sharp scrape of tree bark. He tipped his weight into it, bit out, “
“Look at you two,” Dean laughed, choking through it. He gnawed at his bottom lip, feeling fucking pathetic as he muttered, “You kids barely even got a scratch, huh.”
“Summon him? Like the spell Nick used to bring Lucifer back?” His voice rose with recognition as he spoke, already piecing the answer together himself. Dean leaned forward in his seat, “Fresh?”
Dean pulled the sink drain and flicked the water from his arms, suddenly too irritated to wash dishes without Cas by his side. He dried himself off and made his way to the fridge for a beer, a phantom itch appearing at the base of his throat and the swell of his left shoulder where the press of a handprint used to be— not once, but twice.
it happen, but his hand slid to the curve of Cas’s lower back as he guided him towards Eileen, and Cas turned to Dean as if he’d just discovered something precious, his eyes moving slow over the sudden shock in Dean’s features.
And then he was gone, disappearing around the corner again with his shoulders tense and the stale smell of beer stuck to his back.
“Language,” Jody said weakly. She turned to Sam just in time to miss the way Claire’s eyes rolled. “Hi boys,” She smiled, and Sam embraced her so eagerly that she was lifted off her feet for a second or two, a startled noise spilling out of her.
“You know, I’m really not the asshole here,” Sam said defensively, risking a glance back at Dean, his eyes leaving the road. “I’m not telling you no just to be a dick. I’m telling you no, because your head’s been through enough in the last twenty four hours. The last thing it needs is Zeppelin solos.”
“I was going to clean them, but I only had so much money and I was thirsty,” He said quietly, staring through the laundromat window to frown at the vending machine inside. “Dehydration. Such a strange human sensation. Very unpleasant.”
” Dean said pointedly, waving a hand towards the angel matter of factly. “Get all uptight and weird everytime I mention Charlie.” And then it occurred to Dean, like a fucking hammer crashing into the side of his head, that Castiel was more than just his best friend. More than the celestial being who had saved him from damnation and given up his own world just to join Dean’s.
And slowly, Dean remembered. He remembered Sam’s phone call and Cas’s presence spinning circles around him, scorching his nose and searing his eyes and shredding his heart. Dean remembered the taste of love at the back of his tongue and the bitterness that had followed when Cas collapsed without warning, striking a fear in Dean that had for once in his life seemed to finally quiet down, for however brief.
“Trust me, you were,” Sam sighed, and with a quick pat on the chest, the conversation was over, but Dean’s worries never stopped; he chose not to bring it up again.
In the darkness, as close as they were, he could barely make out the way Cas’s eyes fluttered shut. Dean watched his lips part as he breathed in deep.
“How bout’ that,” Dean said, balancing something like awe between his eyes as he looked up and smiled at Cas with everything he had. “That sounds pretty useful to me.”
“Dean,” Just the sound of his own name shattered him, the intent in it ringing like a silent plea. “It’s okay to want different things. To want things for yourself,” Sam shrugged, all the sadness in his smile pulling his face straight down. “You don’t want to be here.”
All three of them climbed out of the car with matching groans and aching backs, Cas still half asleep as he shuffled towards the bunker door in a pair of flip flops Dean had pulled out from under the weapons bed with Sam laughing in his ear.
Dean didn’t know what to make of it, but it did make him nervous. Made him stand there and look at Cas with wide eyes, unable to move, not
Dean stared down at the message on his phone, thumbs hovering over the text box. The excitement he’d felt seeing Cas’s name flash on screen was already deflating, concern weaving its way in.
Once Castiel’s feet were sewn up and bandaged and Dean had given him the rundown about walking slowly, being careful, open-toed shoes only— Dean moved to his busted knees. The pair of jeans he was wearing were just baggy enough to be able to roll them up from the bottom instead of having to take them off, but there was still something about being crouched down in front of Cas’s bare legs that made Dean’s hands unnaturally shaky.
“We’re fine. We got out of there just in time.” Dean said, surprised when his attempt at comforting actually seemed to work. Castiel turned back around in his seat, facing forward.
” Castiel glared, looking at Dean helplessly. Dean stared back with a sweet sort of understanding creeping up the base of his spine, the majority of it diluted with disbelief. “Now. You’re embarrassing me now.”
Dean could feel weight in the silence that followed, uncertainty settling heavy in Sam’s eyes. Their fingers tangled together in the darkness, smooth as water, as warm as sun bathed sand, and Dean stared with a tightness spreading in his throat.
“I have been thinking…” Sam started haltingly. He paused, hesitant, and spoke quickly through a rattling laugh, “I’ve been thinking about asking her if she’d like to move in.” His eyes widened after a few seconds of Dean staring at him in silence, mouth open. “If that’s alright with you, obviously. I haven’t exactly run it by Cas either but—”
Sam did his best to convince Dean to wake up Cas before they left, but the thought of seeing him had Dean itching with nerves, and he ended up leaving a note on the desk in his room and calling it a day. It wasn’t until Sam’s sulking lasted throughout the entire eight minutes of Boston’s
“I’m so sorry,” He whispered. “I— I don’t…” He hesitated, staring at Dean with uncertainty, a swell of guilt. Almost like he knew Dean’s heart was going to shrivel up and rust away the second he asked, “Do I know you?”
“That won’t be an issue,” Dean interrupted, voice hard. He couldn’t explain any further than that, not with Cas there, but Patience seemed to understand well enough. She gave Dean a small nod, even managing a smile when he said, “You can do this, kid. You’re ready. And, hey, if it doesn’t work out? We’ll still take you out for ice cream or somethin’, no hard feelings.”
is,” Dean made a face and gestured to all of Sam. “Whatever’s going on with you? Cram it. We’ve got a case here.”
So it’s familiar, the feeling that washed over Dean. He imagined the look he gave Sam was familiar too, the smile on his face nearing painful. But it’s the realization that followed that made Dean clamp up unexpectedly. The understanding that, if Sam stayed, if Sam chose the life, then Dean would have no choice but to follow.
“Well?” Dean choked out, looking over at Sam who was already staring past Dean’s shoulder with an expression that curdled right in Dean’s stomach.
“Dean,” Sam muttered, trying to be mindful, but Dean was staring through a field of sweltering heat, his heart vibrating in the shell of his ears.
in its honesty, its desperation, acknowledging the kind of sleepless nights that Dean had always done his best to keep out of Sam’s reach, but it was all on the table now.
Sam waded through a sea of dark smoke and drunken limbs before bursting out of the bar’s alleyway. A woman reached out to him, a pair of blood-red nails brushing sensually over the bulk of his shoulder, and he jerked away on instinct, cowering as he moved past.
With those words, everything changed. The aching guilt in Castiel’s face morphed as if slapped away, making room for a wave of senseless anger that seemed to erupt from nowhere.
“I don’t know, Sam. I was a little too freaked out to play twenty questions with the guy!” Dean loosened his tie with a grunt, eyes heating up. “Fuck,” He breathed, the feeling at the pit of his stomach all too familiar, the stench of the hospital clawing up a memory that immediately made  him double over, head in his hands. Dean had never mentioned it again, just like he swore he wouldn’t, but when his eyes met Sam’s it felt only inevitable that he blurted out, “This is Lisa and Ben all over again.”
“We’re about to pass Harvey County,” Sam said, and he flicked his eyes up to the rearview. His forehead wrinkled when he saw the look on Dean’s face. “Why?”
Dean pulled away to fumble through his pockets again, head bent low. He didn’t give himself time to think, just grabbed his wallet— his
His voice, weathered like a flag at sea, tore through the darkness and held Dean in its clutches, suspending him in the air. Dean couldn’t answer at first; couldn’t hardly breathe through the echoing pain, but for the first time in hours he could move, and he used every scrap of will inside of him to turn his head.
God, what a seventeen year old Dean Winchester would have given to have an angel sit him down and tell him that what he was feeling, who he
