“Um. How do you do,” Tony said to the crowd after a moment, because they were hopefully going to be his neighbors soon, and he wanted to get off on the right foot with them. He remembered what Jarvis had always said—that giving off the first impression of being polite was never the wrong decision. (Another part of him remembered Ana’s whispered addendum, that it was better for people to underestimate him as a quiet omega.) He was pleased when he was met with a few cheerful ‘how do you do!’s in return.
Tony curled his arms around her, trying to soak up as much affection as he could. He was having such fun with them that he’d almost forgotten that there was a possibility he might not get to see them again. He’d already had to say a hurried goodbye to Jarvis and Ana, and he hadn’t gotten to hug them as long as he wanted. Soon he would have to say goodbye to Victor and Jan, too. He hadn’t realized how many farewells he’d have to give just to be able to greet Steve. He wished he’d had more time.
And then the calmest, angriest voice he had ever heard said, “Officer, what are you doing rifling through my daughter’s underthings?”
“Obadiah won’t be there, so he has nothing to keep him in line,” Tony continued, shoulders hunching. “He’d pretend he didn’t want to slobber all over me if his father was there, but if he’s not—”
Ezekiel’s face did something ugly before settling on anger as well, and Tony felt a real thrill of fear when the alpha grabbed his shoulders and gave him a little shake. “You listen to me, you spoiled brat,” he growled. “
“Sure,” Steve replied with a shrug, unrepentant. “None as engaging as you, though. From the very start, it felt like you wanted to know me personally, not just what I could provide for you. Not that that’s a bad thing, of course, especially if an omega is going to travel to be with me, but you were the first omega who offered to take on a job if I asked it of you.” He turned to flash Tony a smile. “And you kept writing to me even after my first letter. I’m man enough to admit I struggle with putting my feelings to paper, and many omegas were discouraged by it. But you didn’t give up on me.” He paused, then asked, “I’m sure you had other alphas vying for your attention, though.”
“Hmm, always at least half of the letters she sends get answered,” Ana replied after some thought. “She’s also told me that she’s usually able to tell they won’t be a good match after a few letters, so she sends a letter telling them so, and she almost always gets a response thanking her for her time.”
“I just don’t want you to strain yourself—” Tony began, then nearly swallowed his tongue when Steve grabbed the handle on one end and tugged upward, easily pulling it off the ground and dragging it toward the steps. “Oh,” he squeaked instead. “Um. Okay. Never mind.”
Jan appeared touched and dismayed all at once. Tony was disappointed to say she looked like that when it came to him a lot.
to be Victor’s friend, after all, hadn’t he? And since Victor hadn’t grown up with any close omega friendships, perhaps this was all he knew to do to show affection. “He’s… very, very rich,” he finally explained.
Jarvis gave her hands a squeeze and, solemnly, told her, “Ana. You would never have to do that, because I would do it first.”
They watched her go before turning to face each other again, awkward. Hank kept turning his hat in his hands. Tony fidgeted with his jacket.
“Tony,” Steve murmured, finally looking up from the letter. He swallowed thickly. “Tony, did you mean it?”
‘I really hope this works,’ he thought, perhaps even prayed, as he put the nib of his pen to his stationery.
Steve raised an eyebrow, still smiling. “Can’t say I mind that much. I’m the one you chose to marry, after all.”
Tony hugged the letter to his chest and took a few deep breaths, blinking tears out of his eyes. It didn’t matter. He had other options. He liked Steve, but he didn’t really
“But you don’t,” Jarvis pointed out reasonably, carefully blotting one of the damper envelopes dry. “Why would I make something that you don’t like to eat?”
Jarvis tried not to sound bitter when he managed to laugh in return, but he missed the mark completely. “Yes, well, we all know how your father was. No alpha was good enough to carry on the Stark legacy.”
Jan leaned back to sniff and frowned up at him, brows furrowed together as she whispered, “I’m so angry that this is happening to you, Tony, and there’s nothing any of us can do.”
Tony turned from the table, glass in each hand, going up on his tiptoes to look for Jan. Both she and Raven were petite, and he was almost certain that Raven’s beau Max had abandoned the two omegas to their chat, so he couldn’t even depend on his height to find them in the crowd. He resolved to scold Max about this later. He was sure Max would get a kick out of it.
. And I know it’s selfish, but I don’t want him to go off alone. It’s not fair. He shouldn’t have to do everything alone.”
Jarvis moved around the door immediately, coming over to kneel beside his chair and pull him into his arms. “You’re doing your best.”
Tony sobbed into his shoulder, clinging to the beta’s shirt. “I don’t even know how to cook, Jarvis! What do I
The train only stopped in Manchester long enough for Tony to give Jan and Victor hurried hugs. He might have managed something a bit longer if Victor hadn’t insisted on it not being necessary, but Tony had wanted to show him how sincere he was in his thankfulness. He’d noticed that Victor had looked at he and Jan with a silent sort of longing, as if all he’d ever wanted was an omega friend to hold hands with or cuddle. Tony wondered if it was a culture thing, that omegas in Latveria weren’t physically affectionate with each other, or if it really was all because of how Victor had been separated for his safety. Victor had been so stiff in his arms, but the hands that he’d hesitantly placed on Tony’s waist had been gentle, not pushing him away, so he was pretty sure he knew the answer, but he didn’t really like it.
“Jan,” Tony sighed, rolling his eyes, then yelped when she shoved him toward one of the changing screens set up in her room. “Jan!”
Well… he supposed it was bigger than it actually was. After the first letter where Jarvis had gasped and clutched his chest, mortally offended, he’d shoved a bunch of the ones he’d opened and read in the wastebasket. He’d simply hissed like an angry cat as he shoved the letters down as far as he could.
“That sounds wonderful, Steve,” he finally said when he realized Steve was waiting for his answer. “I… Yes, a small ceremony sounds fine. Thank you.”
Ana blinked slowly, then let out a bark of laughter when she realized what he’d asked. “Ha! No. The shop owner thought that I’d bribed Edwin with my feminine wiles.”
Jan curled her finger a little, pressing it into his palm. “Alright. Step one is finished. I won’t let my guard down until the train pulls away from the station.”
Tony couldn’t help but shiver and be very, very glad that Jan had decided they were going to be best friends instead of worst enemies when they’d met as children.
“Some people cry when they’re relieved,” Jarvis explained quietly, lifting one hand to lightly scratch over the omega’s back, like he had when Tony cried as a child. “And I’m sure you’re very happy, Anthony. But you’ve had a terrible burden on you ever since your parents passed, whether you knew it or not. Now freedom is so close you can taste it. You’re crying years of terror out, my dear boy.”
“I do have an aunt in Maine,” Victor admitted under Tony’s bewildered stare. “However, other than a failing memory and a short temper, she’s not ailing at all. Of course, with her failing memory, I can convince her of most things—like that I arrived with two chaperones instead of one, but the other separated from us when we got off the train to… hmmm… chase after an alpha?”
She turned to offer him one of the most derisive scowls he’d ever seen. “You may not be a big crybaby but I’m still going to protect you. You’re my best friend, and life dealt you a useless hand. Of course I’m going to do what I can to make life easier for you when it’s possible.”
“But, that being said,” Hank coughed, looking everywhere but at the soap counter. “If you’re looking for a particularly awful taste, I’d go with anything that has lilies in it.”
Tony frowned, brows furrowing together as he thought about it. If someone asked him how he met Steve… what
Tony took another deep breath, setting the envelope back on the table and smoothing his hands over it. This piece of paper would decide whether his future was with Steve… or someone else. Tony took a moment to smile sadly at the address on the front. Something in him ached, and he figured it was because it wasn’t actually
“Some might… think I was using them,” Tony explained hesitantly, unable to help wringing his hands under the table.
Tony’s heart warmed. She really was much too generous. “Actually, I was just going to ask to use your address as my return address for all of the letters that I’m going to send out in response to all of these marriage ads Ana has found for me.”
Tony looked up at her, blinking tears out of his eyes, and gave her a squeeze back. She nodded back solemnly before returning to covering him with clothes.
“What is your father doing, Ms. Van Dyne?” Tony heard the driver say, voice once again safely muffled by the trunk.
Steve be okay with that? He was inviting another alpha to their home even before they’d married. But then… if he told Steve what had happened, surely he’d agree? Steve had seemed like the type to repay a debt. And Jim hadn’t made any advances toward him at all, so if he just told Steve that, he’d probably be relieved enough to allow it. “I don’t think Steve would mind,” he finally decided, then frowned when he noticed that Jim had stopped walking and was staring at him with the queerest look on his face. “Jim?”
Tony nearly sagged to his knees as soon as he read the telegram. He never thought that so few words could fill him with such relief, hope fluttering cautiously in his rib cage. He read it again, just to be sure, then held the telegram to his chest, letting out a shuddering breath that bordered on a sob.
“Ezekiel, he—he’ll try to… touch me,” Tony admitted haltingly, wincing when Jan’s face began to turn red with anger. “I’ve been trying not to dress as nicely to try to discourage him. If I wear this, he… He’ll try to be sneaky about it, but… he’s not… very good at being sneaky.”
Steve dragged the trunk down the steps, propped one side up on the back of the wagon, then lifted the other to slide it in. It looked like it took no effort at all. Tony swallowed thickly and tried very hard not to think about it, but he found that very hard when Steve dusted his hands off with a few quick claps. He wondered if it would be inappropriate to take Steve’s arm again, even though he hadn’t offered it.
The ticket man became visibly nervous and handed Tony his ticket. “Have a pleasant trip. One of the porters will take your trunk.”
Tony waited until she was gone again before he took a deep breath, clasping his hands in his lap to keep from fidgeting too much. “Let me figure out where to start,” he sighed, frowning. “You know my parents passed away, of course—”
“Sweetheart,” Ezekiel drawled, resting his free hand on Tony’s hip, and casually sliding it back to grasp a handful of cheek. “You must know that you don’t really have a choice.”
protective of him. And he’d never thought that on the day he married, he wouldn’t have Jan at his side.
“I’ll help you pick out a bottle,” Jarvis replied magnanimously, and ushered both she and his wife into the wine cellar.
Edwin’s face went tight and unhappy, and he turned back to the stove, knuckles going white from gripping his spatula so hard.
Jan’s excitement was infectious, and Tony couldn’t help but start to look forward to the letters he’d hopefully receive. It felt like a weight had been lifted off of his shoulders that he hadn’t even known was there. Perhaps, whether he’d realized it or not, he’d been preparing this whole time to suffer a marriage with Ezekiel, but hope that he didn’t have to was suddenly alive and fluttering in his chest.
“And I’ll buy you a new dress form in Maine, Janice,” Victor added. “I had no idea leaving your own home would be so treacherous.”
“Sure,” Steve began carelessly. Then he noticed how concerned Tony actually looked about leaving his things and quickly corrected, “Yeah, they’ll be fine.” He slapped his hand against the side of the wagon. “No one’s going to be able to hook up their horses to it without someone else causing a fuss, because they know this wagon’s mine, and I’ve paid Gabe to keep an eye on it while it’s here. He’s the telegrapher,” he added when Tony raised his eyebrows. “He’s actually a good friend of mine. Think he only accepted the money because
“There’s a lovely window seat in the library,” Tony offered. “Take your tea or Jarvis might get offended.”
Tony decided to wait before trying the lock. He wanted to be well underway before taking any chances, especially with how close they’d come to being caught not even an hour ago. It would also get him used to being in there if he were unlucky enough to have his trunk under another. He squirmed around to pull his pillow further away from the air holes so he could get some more fresh air, then carefully peeled open the waxed cheesecloth the sandwich was packed in.
Tony could have sworn that his heart did an excited flip in his chest at the thought that Steve was doing the exact same thing he was, reading his letters over and over as he waited impatiently for the next one. “Oh. Me too.”
“Why do you think Obadiah kept me around so long?” Jarvis asked mildly, tone so at odds with what he was saying—calm and matter of fact, as if he wasn’t talking about cold-blooded murder. “He knows if he took Anthony from me, I would no longer have anything to lose. He knows if he took Anthony from me, I’d send you on the first ship back to Hungary and then eat his miserable heart.”
“Well, Reed had mentioned it was only a matter of time before the Stanes got their hands on you, so I decided not to let them have any time at all. Besides, the Stanes already believe I’m a shallow idiot,” Victor sniffed. “Just because I wouldn’t allow myself to be bored by the younger Stane, somehow I’m the problem and not him. Americans are quite boorish, aren’t they!”
There wasn’t a lot to choose from, but then, he hadn’t really expected there to be. It wasn’t like back in New York, when they could simply run out for extra ingredients to have on hand. He decided he’d go with the roasted chicken. It seemed light enough, and even though Steve had been incredibly welcoming, his stomach still felt like a bunch of knots. It probably would until he felt safe, he lamented, and couldn’t help but wonder when that would be.
Victor looked horrified but intrigued. Tony could sympathize. Jan was a terror, but she was a terror who cared.
Tony looked back and forth between them as they stared at each other, each of them silently and frantically trying to figure out at what moment it had apparently gone so wrong. He did not know whether it would be appropriate to laugh or not. Here Jan had thought that Victor had been snubbing her the whole time, but really, he’d misheard when she was introduced and thought he had her name correctly. Would it be rude to laugh?
“The best cake,” Tony repeated wonderingly. He hadn’t gotten to learn to make pound cake for Steve. Steve had said he’d teach him himself, but he’d really wanted to learn it before. Maybe someone there would be willing to teach him?
“Oh, thank you, Victor. I mostly just said that so they’d be gentle with Tony,” Jan said, getting up to check her trunks. “But I really appreciate it anyway! I’ll take you up on that offer, don’t you worry!”
Tony was able to beg off attending two more parties with the Stanes, but eventually, a party was scheduled that he actually wanted to go to. Susan Storm was hosting, and he loved Susan. He didn’t quite understand why she was allowing herself to be courted by Reed Richards, of course, but he supposed Reed must have some sort of redeeming quality. (He and Jan couldn’t think of one, but Susan wasn’t stupid, and her little brother Johnny was very protective of her and didn’t mind Reed too much; not to mention, Reed’s friend Ben was a doll. Clearly there was something about him they liked.)
Tony was hurt, but only for a moment, because then he noticed Steve’s ears were quickly turning pink. As he watched, Steve’s ears flushed darker, and he realized with a start that they were just as red as the rest of his face, which he was trying in vain to hide behind his hand. “Do you… like it?” he couldn’t help but ask, too cautious to immediately decide that he was happy about it.
“Just the regular amount,” she replied, fluffing a pillow before gently putting it over his head to help block out the rest of the light. “I just added a hell of a lot of gin to it.”
If he didn’t, maybe he still wouldn’t mind Tony talking to him about them. Tony was good at holding conversations with himself, after all, and Steve seemed like the type to listen.
There was a group of younger people tittering nearby, but they scattered when Steve raised an eyebrow at them. It exposed a small farm wagon, but there were no horses attached to it. There was a large bench mounted at the front, and the rear had nothing in it but for a few wooden crates. Steve swung his carpet bags over the side to tuck under the bench with ease, and then turned to return to the platform.
“If Ezekiel touches you at any party while you are wearing my clothes,” Jan said, voice devoid of all emotion. “I will cut off his hands and make him eat them.” She leaned in very close to Tony’s face and whispered, “And I will tell him that.”
Tony couldn’t help but be in awe of how sincere he was, even as he began, “My parents were wealthy. I suppose I am now, too, technically.” He scowled a little as he thought about Obadiah stealing his money again. “In theory.”
“Will you get lost,” Steve hissed, waving at them. “You’re embarrassing me!” The crowd slowly began to disburse, but not without many of them giving Steve knowing smirks or rolled eyes. Steve muttered to himself, still flushed.
Ana blinked at him in surprise, but then her expression softened, and she leaned down to press another kiss to his forehead. “If you want, dear.”
And it wasn’t like Steve was being really unreasonable. Jan and Jarvis were right—he was just scared. Tony was realizing with sort of a sinking feeling that he was afraid he would do too well away from everything he knew, and not because he was afraid he would fail. He’d felt so free and alive when he’d realized he could get out from under Obadiah and Ezekiel, like he could do anything. Maybe he was scared that he’d get to Steve, and do well, and then be dragged back.
He covered his mouth to muffle his startled, pained yelp as the trunk was dropped on the ground, wondering if all luggage was treated like this or if it was just because they thought someone was in it.
“See? You know a lot about him,” Jan said, smiling. She stroked her fingers through his hair again, tilting her head. “Listen, Tony. You have the privilege that few of us will ever have–Steve doesn’t know you’re a Stark, or what that would even entail. He doesn’t know you’re an heir to a fortune, or that you’ve been financially abused by your guardian. He just reads your letters and knows you only as ‘Tony,’ a penniless omega willing to leave everything he knows behind to start a new life with someone he is willing to get to know after he marries.” Her smile went a bit sad around the edges, a little wistful and, perhaps, the tiniest bit jealous. “That’s a very attractive person to be.”
None of the soaps had rose petals in them, though. He found himself dreadfully disappointed about it.
It seemed such a shame that the letters should end, Tony thought sadly. Then he looked back down at the letter in his hands, considering. Maybe… maybe he could write just one more letter. He could give it to Steve when he arrived. He might think it was sweet, the omega he’d been corresponding with showing up with one last letter in hand. He could always change his mind if he got there and Steve didn’t look amenable, after all.
“And you have no idea how proud that makes us, darling,” Ana replied, tears in her eyes even though she was smiling, as she gently pulled him into a tight hug as well. “We’ve sent word. Janet’s father is expecting you. The Stanes won’t be able to get to you there.”
He pulled the letter back out and reached for a fresh piece of paper to start over again, then paused, nib hovering over the parchment. He stared at the blank sheet for a moment before pushing it aside and instead unfolding his original letter again. If anyone asked, his stationery was expensive, and he couldn’t afford to waste an extra piece of paper just because he accidentally wrote ‘dear Steve’ instead of ‘Mr. Steve Rogers.’
He wanted a marriage like that, he thought, organizing the dried envelopes. He paused, wondering… Could he have a marriage like that? Jarvis and Ana had courted in person, but Ana herself had once said that their courtship had been sped up by impending war. Jarvis had said what Obadiah was doing to him was like a war. Could… could his marriage to Steve become a marriage like Ana and Jarvis’s?
Tony waved the drawing around helplessly. “A p-picture of Ste-he-heve!” he laughed, hugging his stomach. God, he hadn’t given himself a bellyache from laughing in
She blinked at him. “Huh?” She saw him fingering the corner of Steve’s letter and jumped a little in her seat. “Oh! Um. Sure. I’ll just… go… somewhere.”
“That—that would be greedy,” Tony answered weakly. “And rude! I don’t have the right to be so demanding. I—”
Jan turned to look at him, mouth set into a grim line. “I already told him that if he touches you while you’re wearing the clothes I made for you, I will make him eat his own hands.”
“I think you know him better than you think you do,” Jan said, sitting up. She tucked a piece of hair behind her ear as she leaned over him, smiling a little when he finally pulled his face from the pillow to frown up at her in confusion. “Come on. At least two of those letters were good.”
Tony froze, terrified, realizing a moment too late that he’d crushed the sandwich quarter in one fist in terror. He thought, in the back of his mind, that he might have ruined several of Jan’s lacy things with the mayonnaise. He would be very sorry about it if he didn’t die from a heart attack first, as it was becoming clear they were not just moving luggage around, but were actively carrying the trunk out of the baggage car.
Tony tapped his bottom lip thoughtfully. He’d met the Goulds, and while he’d been impressed with their finery, he didn’t think it really matched up to Victor von Doom. “More like, ‘we’re pretty sure he might have a claim to the throne in his home country’ rich.”
“…Why wouldn’t he just send a letter,” Tony whispered after a moment. “It would have been cheaper to get a personal messenger than pay for this telegram.”
“Oh, don’t be preposterous, Anthony. That’s not what’s happening,” Ana scoffed, rolling her eyes. “How else are you to fake a fever?”
Tony smiled back sadly, wanting to cry with her, but… sometimes he felt like he’d cried all his tears out already. He’d been surprised he’d had tears left to cry the night before, when it had been nailed home how hopeless everything was. He really couldn’t get control of his money without marrying Ezekiel, and then it would technically be Ezekiel’s money to control, and Ezekiel would always fold to whatever his father wanted.
Obadiah hated Reed Richards and the Storm family. Tony had foolishly expected them to turn down the invitation. He should have known better—as soon as Obadiah learned that Tony had accepted the invitation, of course he was going to send Ezekiel to bring him to heel. He’d probably be bullied into going to another of Tiberius’s parties, where he’d be forced to hang on Ezekiel’s arm and pretend to be too dumb and doe-eyed to understand what the alphas were talking about.
“Jarvis will know what to do!” Tony told him, then sat back in his seat, whispering, “Jarvis always knows what to do when I’m in trouble.”
“It’s not,” Tony answered, nodding, and felt his cheeks heat with shame. “Very few people knew about my plans, so when we became engaged, I couldn’t tell anyone. But Obadiah’s son, he cornered me at a party. Tried to force himself on me,” he added, ducking his head. “So I told him I was already engaged, and he was furious. Other partygoers had to help me escape him, and I holed up in my friend’s house for a few days until another friend came up with an idea to smuggle me out.
“Wonderful, I know,” Jan cut in, flouncing back over to the rack of clothes she’d rolled out as soon as he’d come in. “And it’s
Tony managed to flash him a small smile at the praise for Jarvis, but it quickly faded as he tried to figure out how to continue his explanation. “My father had another friend, Obadiah, and I trusted him to look after my finances. He was my father’s business partner, after all. It made sense. It wasn’t until later, when I became of age, that I realized I couldn’t regain control of my fortune or have it transferred over to Jarvis. Obadiah had gotten it too tangled up in his dealings. If I forced the issue, he could have simply said he lost it on the market. So I—I have money. I just have no way of obtaining it. The law says that since he’s my guardian on paper, it’s his right to control it until I find a husband.”
“So, since I might be marrying one of these people,” Tony began thoughtfully, nibbling on a carrot from his salad. “Does that mean I should use my good stationery?”
“Address them with ‘to whom it may concern’ and ask for their names,” Ana answered. “That’s what my niece does.”
Tony got up and went to the phone to call the switchboard. “Hello, Operator? I’d like to make a phone call to the Van Dyne residence. Yes, I’m looking to call Janet.”
“My needle slipped,” Jan deadpanned, but batted his hand away so he wouldn’t get blood on the lace. “Sorry. It’s just—it’s not Hank or Henry’s faults that Ezekiel is a slime-ball.”
Jan leaned her cheek against the top of his head and gave him an extra tight squeeze, as if knowing he wanted the comfort. Tony couldn’t help but despair a little. What would he do without Jan?
“I wouldn’t know. I wasn’t allowed many friends because the chances of being kidnapped were so high,” Victor said coolly, and then frowned. “Anthony, what is on your face?”
“Ugh! It’s so unfair!” Jan exclaimed angrily, then stomped over and whipped the jacket off of him, throwing another one into his arms. “Ew, no, this is all wrong. Here, try this one!”
“I’ll spot you the five dollars,” Jim told him, perhaps a bit more loudly than he might normally have if the ticket man and a few other curious travelers weren’t staring at him. He dropped some coins on the counter, staring the ticket man down.
him. He just… very much liked the idea of him. So if Steve… If Steve had decided that they weren’t a good match after Tony’s admissions, he’d accept it. He’d just mourn the idea of Steve and make sure to take extra good care of the drawings he’d been given.
The alpha smiled even as he quirked a brow at him. “Now, I’m not doubting you, but where I come from there are some pretty proud omegas, so I’m used to being told someone doesn’t need help even though they really, really do.”
“It shouldn’t be coming away on your hands, either,” Jarvis added, sprinkling some more flour onto the dough.
“I always knew a time would come when you would have to leave,” Jarvis informed him gently, wrapping his arms around him and stroking a hand up and down his trembling back. “I knew one day you would marry and go off to start your own family. Of course, when you were younger, I’d imagined it happening with someone you liked. Now you have that chance again, and I want you to take it, and I never want you to look back.”
“Not damaged, just a little sticky,” Ana said lightly as she waved a couple of envelopes to help dry them. “Edwin, I can’t believe you forgot all about cottage pie. That’s one of the simplest beef dishes. You
Victor considered this, then nodded, looking pleased with the thought. “Yes, that’s a good idea. Good thinking, Anthony.”
Jarvis politely rammed his shoulder into him to push him away. “Even an uncle should not rip the bed clothes off an omega in his own room,” he told Obadiah primly.
Dinner was another quiet affair. Jarvis had tried to set the food out on the table, but Tony still didn’t want to be alone, so he and Ana just quietly carried the food back into the kitchen to place it on the island and sit on the stools there. It felt better in the kitchen, homier and more intimate. Even his dinners in the dining room with his parents had always held some air of isolation.
. There was a light at the end of the tunnel for him, a chance to do what he wanted instead of what he was told to do. He hadn’t realized how much the inevitability of marrying Ezekiel had worn him down. Now he was making all these plans, practicing all these things he might need to know in the future, taking down notes in case he forgot and had no one to ask, and he was enjoying it. He… he hadn’t enjoyed something, truly, for a very long time.
Tony wasn’t enthused about Steve’s response, but he hadn’t been crass, and he hadn’t shown any signs of being a bad person, so Tony decided to give him one more chance. One letter alone wasn’t enough to judge a man’s character, and after all, Ana had said that her niece had been able to decide how she felt about her suitors after a few letters. He decided Steve’s next response would be the deciding factor in whether to continue correspondence.
For the matter of children, well… He… He could probably… Tony had never really thought about children. He could admit he’d been too afraid to do it. Up until now, any children he had would be the result of… coupling… with Ezekiel. He hadn’t wanted to speculate what it would mean, in any terms—how the bedding would have happened, how he would have to suffer congratulations over the hypothetical child, how he’d fear for his child under Obadiah and Ezekiel’s thumbs.
Jarvis poked his head in, expression soft. “Will you be eating breakfast up here, sir, or would you like it in the dining room?”
Tony could imagine her haughtily flouncing into the motorcar, knowing the people who stopped her were about to be taken care of. He couldn’t help but wonder, to his surprise, what his own father might have done in the same situation. He’d never know, and he was perhaps a little sadder about that than he’d ever felt previously. Seeing Jan interact with her father… it made him ache for his own parents sometimes, on the oddest occasions.
Jarvis leaned back to brush a hand through Tony’s hair, frowning. “Do you need to go back to bed, Anthony?”
“You’re expected at the party,” Obadiah continued. “You can't just not show up!” He grabbed at the blankets to pull them off.
Rage and disgust burned heavy and hot in his breast. Tony gulped down a breath to try and calm himself down, but his blood was pounding in his ears in anger. How dare Ezekiel touch him like this in front of all of his friends! How dare Ezekiel presume that Tony was his fiancée, especially without the courtesy of asking him! How dare Ezekiel speak to and treat him like a petulant child who was throwing a tantrum!
Ana squeezed her eyes shut, frustrated, but said nothing; she knew that her husband was feeling the same way.
“No I hate that too,” Jan snapped before he could even put one arm through a sleeve, snatching it from his hands and stomping away to throw them both in a basket. She gripped her hands into fists, then gave the basket a kick for good measure, too, knocking it over and sending all of the clothes in it onto the ground.
So Tony sent a response saying he would be there, and then promptly fled to Jan’s home in a cold sweat over what to do.
“The hotel isn’t very far,” Steve said, cutting into his thoughts. “And I know it must have been a long trip from New York. How would you like to stretch your legs?”
“And I don’t think either of you will ever understand how thankful I am for that,” Tony added softly. “So thank you both again, from the bottom of my heart, for helping me escape the Stanes and getting me to Steve.”
“I, ah,” Tony began nervously, peering up at Jim with suspicion. He was certainly very nosy, wasn’t he? Obadiah couldn’t have gotten someone to find him this quickly, could he? But then, not everyone could be a pawn for Obadiah to control, and Jim… Jim seemed really nice. He didn’t give Tony the creepy-crawlies like Ezekiel and Tiberius had, and… and his smile was really kind. Maybe this was what a normal alpha acted like, he thought. Not all omegas acted the same as society omegas, after all, so the same should be true for alphas and betas. He’d probably have to relearn seeing people as friendly instead of suspicious, if he was to ever make friends where he was going.
“I’m going to need to finish the punch,” Tony said after a moment, and punctuated his statement with an almost-too-large swallow.
Tony entertained the idea for a moment before dropping it, sighing. He needed to be realistic. Even if having Jan murder him would solve a lot of his problems, it would just cause a bunch of new ones. For both of them. “No, you can’t have him murdered.”
“Every lawyer I’ve met with has said I need a beta or alpha to control my money,” Tony murmured, setting his cutlery down as well and folding his hands in his lap. “They said I could have had guardianship written over to you when I was younger, but… now he’s so enmeshed with my finances that he could just say he lost most of it in business dealings. I was stupid not to keep track of my own money,” he spat, curling his hands into fists.
“I think,” Jan finally said slowly. “That this is the only option you have with the lot you’ve been given. Your father always decided no one was ever good enough for the Stark name, so you decided not to sign it in your correspondence. And Obadiah has taken your fortune, so you’ve had to learn to make do without it or marry a sorry excuse for an alpha. I think… I think this is your right thing. The only thing you can do to make your life yours. The only thing you can do to make yourself happy.” She smiled, but there were tears threatening to spill from her eyes as she did. “I think you should choose to be happy. You could be happy with this Steve. You could learn to love him. I don’t think you could learn to love Ezekiel Stane.”
engaging, and Jarvis had nearly fainted dead away when he read one of them.) This alpha, Steve, hadn’t really tried to engage further at all, just answered his questions. Would their marriage be like that, too, Tony putting forth all the effort and Steve doing as he was asked or told and nothing else? He couldn’t imagine a marriage like that. He was about to drop the letter in the ‘no’ pile but then noticed a postscript on the back of the envelope, almost too small for him to have noticed.
Steve took it between careful fingers, flipping it over to rip it open. Tony couldn’t help but smile a little at the thought of Steve doing this every time he got one of his letters, ripping them open to read as soon as he got them.
“Well, I’m sure I had a lot more to enjoy, what with the drawings you sent me,” Tony demurred quickly. “I’m sorry I had nothing as nice as that in my letters back to you.”
“No, I just,” Tony sniffed, and grabbed a napkin off the table to dab at his eyes. “I just—I was—I’m not going to be any good for him. I’m… I’m a society omega. What can I offer Steve?”
“I do!” Tony snapped back immediately, because he did, he did have a choice, and he’d made it, and he was going to marry Steve. “I do have a choice, and even your father can’t take that away from me! I’m not going to marry you because I’m engaged to marry someone else!”
“What is it?” Ana asked, and then scoffed and smacked her husband’s arm when he tried to grab for it. “If it was raunchy, she wouldn’t be looking at it like that.”
Jan looked up at Jarvis and Ana helplessly, burying one hand in Tony’s hair. “I… I don’t know either, honey.”
“How should I address them?” Tony wondered, tapping his bottom lip with his pen. “None of them have names.”
Jan leaned back to look at him and snorted before covering her mouth, looking gleeful. “Tony! You have mayonnaise all over your face!”
Tony turned to look at him. “Well clearly I can’t have all the letters sent here. Someone would tell Obadiah about my influx of—”
“Yes, well, not marrying you before I bring you into my house isn’t really an option,” Steve admitted, shrugging uncomfortably. “No one here would think less of you for it, of course, especially since we’ve only just met in person, but I’d probably always have nightmares of my ma rising from the grave to smack me to death with a wooden spoon for the impropriety.”
stopped to help a hysterical young omega, regardless of whether the danger was real or not. So he inclined his head in agreement. “Alright. Maybe I do need help.”
“I can’t say that for sure, Tony, but I can tell you this—Steve’s been alone for a very long time,” Jim told him gently. “It’s like he was a jigsaw piece, and no one ever really matched up. During my visit, everyone in town was talking about how he’d been smiling more. I think he needed someone entirely different from who people thought he needed—someone soft to temper his hard edges, or someone who would always anticipate his needs so he could relax more. I’m an outsider, of course, so I can’t be entirely sure that I knew more than anyone else, but looking at him… he just needed someone who would take him as he was, and would insist that he take them as they are, too.”
“You’ll have more of a choice with these than you’d ever have with Ezekiel, dear,” Ana whispered, giving his shoulder a squeeze.
Every lawyer he’d been to was either too afraid to go against Obadiah or had told him that legally there was nothing they could do—Obadiah was his guardian, and as such legally had control of his fortune. If he had been mismanaging it, they’d be able to do something, but from what they saw, he was just investing money into sure ventures just like Howard had always done. Tony could find no way to get proof of Obadiah’s underhanded business dealings safely, and his money was all tied up in places he wasn’t even certain about, so there was nothing to be done; Obadiah would continue to be his guardian, and in doing so would continue to selfishly keep his money under the guise of ‘taking care of it’ when he really only meant to blackmail Tony into marrying his son, and Tony could only watch helplessly.
“No need to be sorry. It’s not as if I didn’t have friends who shared your sentiments,” Tony answered hurriedly. “So—Obadiah has a son. And I’m sure he wanted to keep control of me and my family’s fortune, so he made sure everyone knew that his son was going to marry me. Other alphas learned not to show interest in me, because Obadiah would go out of his way to ruin them. I was beginning to despair of ever getting out of the marriage when Ana—Jarvis’s wife—told me that there might be something I could do yet to escape them.
Tony stared up at him, awed. It sounded so much like Steve’s letters—he’d only wanted to be accepted for who he was, swearing and all, and he’d insisted that he’d accept Tony as he was, even as he learned how to live on the range, too. It seemed that Steve was just as sincere in real life.
When Victor had written back, “I like it better here so I’m staying,” his father had only upped his allowance to pay for a place to live permanently and some security with the promise that he come back when he was thirty-five if he weren’t married yet, and the soft order to ‘try and find an alpha with social standing if he could.’
Tony frowned, smoothing the drawing again. It looked like Steve really had struggled to find a way to fold it. It didn’t detract from how beautiful the picture was, though.
Jan looked like she was seriously considering grabbing one of the decorative pillows off the couch and smothering him with it. “Tony!”
Jim allowed one of the porters to take the cart, instead going to stand by Tony. Tony worried, for a moment, that Jim would put his arm around him or grab his hand, like the alphas back home had, but was pleasantly surprised when Jim’s hand merely hovered over the small of his back, urging him to follow the porter, before it fell back to his side.
Tony laughed, and then let out a startled noise when Jarvis pushed a lock of his hair back behind his ear and leaned in to press a kiss to his temple. “What was that for?” he asked, surprised, because Jarvis usually didn’t indulge in shows of affection unless Tony clearly needed it. It didn’t upset him when Jarvis showed him affection without cause, but… it made Jarvis extremely vulnerable in case the wrong person saw it and reported it back to Obadiah. So he didn’t indulge himself often.
Tony looked up at him, immediately curious. “You have? What is it like there?” Steve hadn’t really talked about Timely except to tell him it was full of good people and that he went there for supplies, but he’d obviously tried to make it sound good, to put Tony at ease. Jim was an impartial stranger, though, so his view of it might be more realistic.
“I—of course I meant it,” he muttered, shrugging uncomfortably. “I’ve meant every word I’ve written to you.”
“When they died, I wasn’t yet allowed to control the estate. I was too young. I can’t say I fault the logic,” he added with a reluctant shrug. “I’d just lost both of my parents. I’m sure I would have made many poor decisions in my grief. So I went into the care of my father’s butler and his wife.”
“Oh, Hank hates these parties,” Jan sniffed in disdain. “But you know him. He prefers being by himself in a lab than making small talk. Alphas are such boors. How they’d manage without us, I don’t know.” She tilted her head thoughtfully before adding, “Also now I’ll be able to be by your side so Ezekiel won’t have a chance at putting his hands on you. I’m pretty sure even that dolt can understand how willing I am to put him in the ground.”
“No,” Tony said hurriedly, and lifted his hands to wipe his face. Then he wailed. “I got dough in my hair!”
Jarvis was waiting in the entryway for them with two large carpetbags. Tony knew, in that moment, that if he left, he would never be able to come home again.
“Oh, well, I… I guess I enjoy adventures, or science fiction,” Tony offered, hoping the books she picked out wouldn’t be too sticky.
Tony frowned, confused but knowing it would be futile to argue. He began unbuttoning his shirt, mumbling, “…You gave me this shirt last year…”
“You know the Stanes, Edwin,” Ana said shakily as she looked up at him, allowing herself to show him the worry and fear she’d felt for so many years. “You’ve seen what they can do firsthand. How can you say it wouldn’t come to that?”
Jim’s lips twitched as if he couldn’t tell whether he wanted to laugh or not. “Steve? Do you—do you mean Steve
“Tony,” Steve breathed, hand immediately coming up to take it. “That’s so sweet. Thank you.” He hesitated, though, fingers just grazing the edge of the envelope. “Is it okay if I read it?” he asked, brows furrowing together in concern as he turned his gaze from the letter back to him.
Finally, too frustrated to try and sleep anymore, he pawed through one of his carpet bags. Jarvis had had to pack them hurriedly, but Tony had noticed that he hadn’t forgotten to pack his stationery. He pulled out one of the bundles of paper, penning a letter to Victor thanking him again for his help and, after some serious thought, asking if they could continue correspondence. They hadn’t really gotten to know each other very well, but he’d liked the softer parts of Victor that he’d seen, the uncertainty in the face of open affection, the discomfort when they expressed gratitude for his help. Perhaps he just needed some omega friends.
“Oh,” Tony said, perking up at the idea. He hesitated after some thought. All he had were the large bills that Victor had given him, and he didn’t really want to let that information be known. “That’s really alright? I don’t have a lot of money to spare right now, and—”
Jan burst in immediately, still holding the cup of tea and the tray with bread and jam. Jarvis and Ana stumbled in after her. Tony stared at them, surprised, and then rolled his eyes. It had been foolish of him to believe they’d go too far when he’d been reading Steve’s letter.
“So romantic,” Tony murmured to himself. He felt warm down to his bones even as he ducked his head back under the pillow. “Ana?”
“You… trust the people who see this chart?” Jarvis asked after a moment. It pained him to distrust Jan, after everything she had done to help Tony, but they couldn’t risk this getting back to Obadiah. Who knew what he would do if he discovered what was happening?
“I assure you that your letters to me were happily received without any extras, Tony,” Steve assured him, reaching down to clasp his hand again. “Quite happily.” He tipped his head back up the street. “How about we go see the preacher?”
Jarvis looked surprisingly unworried about the idea. “I’m sure that Steve will have a cast iron pan.”
Tony couldn’t help giggling in amusement. “No,” he said once he’d regained composure, and clarified, “Jan. Why do you call her ‘Janice?’”
“I have to write it down or I’ll lose it,” Tony insisted. He had so much to learn in so little time.
“Tony,” Jan whispered again, gripping his coat with white knuckles. She let go with one hand to instead lift it and gently run her fingers through his hair, nails dragging along his scalp the way she knew he liked. “Oh, Tony. I’m so sorry.”
When Jan brought the next batch of correspondence, Tony squirmed impatiently as she handed each of them a stack of envelopes to open. Tony flipped through his stack until he found a reply from Steve, dismayed when he realized there wasn’t one. Had Steve lost interest? Had he been writing other omegas? Omegas who didn’t have so much to learn, who didn’t come with so much baggage? Omegas who, perhaps… might come with money?
And his eyes… They were so deeply, stunningly blue. Tony couldn’t bring himself to look away, staring up at them in awe. He’d never seen such blue eyes.
“Yes, ma’am,” Ben said agreeably, and Tony assumed that Reed was about to get the scolding of his life as he was dragged away.
Jarvis pulled away from Tony, blinking back his tears quickly, and sniffed once. Then he was all business again, helping Ana button Tony’s coat and then lifting one of the bags to put into Tony’s hands. “Unfortunately, I couldn’t fit anything of much value in these.”
Jan leaned back to frown at him sternly. “You’ve ruined nothing at all,” she informed him imperiously, her tone just daring him to argue. “We’ll figure something out, Tony.”
“I’ll always look back for you, Jarvis,” Tony whispered. “For you and Ana and Jan. You’ve all done so much for me. I won’t look back for anything else but you.”
too bold. So he nodded to himself, folded the letter up, and put it in an envelope, then put it in his carpet bag. Then he fidgeted, wondering if he should write another letter he couldn’t send to Jan.
Jarvis took over kneading the dough as Ana began putting groceries away. “Did you hear that?” he asked softly.
Ana slapped the envelope down in front of him. “I save these for my dear niece, back in Hungary,” she explained. “She’s expressed wanting to move to America and has asked for marriage ads to send letters to prospective husbands. We could find an alpha for you this way, too, dear.”
“I’m not bothered. I just noticed you don’t seem to have much to do,” she replied carelessly. She held a hand out to him. “I’m Greer.”
Ana and Jan tiptoed out from behind the cellar door as well, Ana holding a bottle of wine. Jan slipped over to the table and picked up the letter with gentle fingers. Ana left them to it, walking over to cut up some oranges, grapefruit, and apples to dump into a pitcher with the bottle of red wine.
” and then letting out a furious roar as he turned on the crooked police, or private detectives, or whatever they were.
Jan took a moment to cup his cheek, brush his hair off of his forehead, before she leaned down to press a kiss to his cheek. “We’ll get you out of here, Tony. One way or another, we’ll get you to Steve.”
“Ew!” Jan blurted out immediately. “Gross! He’s even worse than Ezekiel!” She grabbed the pitcher to fill his glass to the brim. “Drink up, honey.”
“Of course I like it,” Steve said into his hand. “You could have kept the letter to yourself and yet you gave it to me anyway and let me see what you really think and I—I’m never prepared.” He finally pulled his hand away to meet Tony’s gaze, so he could see how earnest he was even if he still looked vaguely embarrassed. “You’re always so brave in our letters, Tony. My friends always told me that I was the king of moving too fast, so I wanted to make sure I wasn’t pushing you, and you just—you just come right out and say everything I’ve wanted to. Tony, I want so badly for this to work, too.”
“I know,” Tony whispered, reaching out for her, and she came into his arms immediately, burying her face in his chest to sob into it. “I know.”
“Let’s go get our punch spruced,” Tony suggested gently, sliding his arm through Jan’s. “And make the rounds before we meet Susan again and gossip about what everyone’s wearing.”
Jarvis raised his eyebrows at him, playful smile curling at his lips as he began to put the envelope in the ‘no’ pile.
“…That’s not quite the compliment you think it is, but I’ll accept it,” Jan said after a moment. “I’m going to use this perfume to make all of the alphas incredibly jealous that I already have a beau.”
To her credit, Ana took a few minutes to think about it. Finally, she said, “Then he will be a bittersweet memory, still romantic, but with a touch of melancholy. But just because you didn’t end up together, it doesn’t mean that it wasn’t romantic.”
“Then you kindly tell him you can’t give him what he wants, and tell him you’d still like to be friends if that’s at all possible, and be understanding if he tells you ‘no,’” Jarvis replied, reaching out to place his hand on one of the omega’s shoulders. He gave a firm but gentle squeeze when he felt the fine tremors running through the younger man. “Sometimes even when you
Tony put off writing to Steve by responding to all of his other suitors first, telling them that he was sorry, but he’d found a spouse, and he hoped there were no hard feelings. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to write to Steve—he just… didn’t know what to say. He wanted to write back that he’d be on the first train to Timely as soon as he could manage, that he would marry him at the train depot if Steve could get the preacher there, that he was excited to get away from New York and to Steve—
All of the blood in Tony’s body went ice cold as he slowly turned, swallowing thickly when he was met with Ezekiel’s smirking face. “E-Ezekiel,” he said weakly. “I didn’t realize you’d come to the party.”
Tony was getting really tired of Ezekiel pinching him. It was bad enough that Ezekiel couldn’t keep up with him in discussions of things like cars or chemistry or politics, but Ezekiel had no ambition. He didn’t want to work toward anything; he just wanted to be catered to. Tony was becoming increasingly aware that as long as Obadiah continued to provide funds for Ezekiel’s shiftless lifestyle, he would do anything Obadiah asked as his ever willing, comfortable pawn.
Jan bounced where she stood, which also had the unintended consequence of bouncing Tony a little, too. She held him tighter. “You can leave the Stanes behind! Ezekiel won’t have any claim on you anymore!”
But he also wanted to appear… calm. And collected. Even if he also wanted to run outside and shout, “Steve wants to marry me!” So he got all his nerves and excitement out by calmly and gently breaking it to his other suitors that he was now affianced so would have to end their courtships, and telling the select few that he’d made a connection with that if they weren’t too terribly hurt by his rejection, he’d still like to correspond with them. He could understand if they wanted to cease contact though. They’d started correspondence with the expectation that they might marry him.
“I have no doubts,” Victor drawled. “Anthony, come sit while Janice checks her belongings. I had tea delivered.”
Tony giggled to himself as Ana shouted back, “Well your chips are garbage!” He knew they’d make up before they went to bed. They always did. They might bicker, but it was all in good fun. They knew their strengths and tried to cover each other’s weaknesses. Ana couldn’t cook very well, so Jarvis did it instead. Jarvis wasn’t always great at shedding his duties and being the comfort Tony needed, so Ana stepped in to hug him instead. Hopefully, he and Steve could gain a rapport like that, helpful and playful and snarky, with no real heat.
Some of it was correspondence for him. He began going through it faster, hopeful, and let out a triumphant ‘ah ha!’ when he found a letter from Steve. He’d been waiting on pins and needles for it. Hopefully, this letter would tell him how long he’d have to endure Ezekiel before he could go to Steve. He groped blindly for a letter opener and nearly snarled when he couldn’t find one, pulling open a few drawers and slamming them shut again.
Tony looked back down at the dough he was working, cheeks flushing a rosy pink. His first instinct was to deny it, but… he’d had more hope in the last few months than he had for previous
Tony, wisely, moved further down the counter to examine soaps, because he didn’t fancy the idea of wearing a scent that smelled like dead roses. He paused, hovering by the fancier ones. He could probably charge it to the house expense account. They used soap after all. And if Obadiah found out it was fancy soap instead of the regular lye soap Jarvis usually bought, well… Tony supposed he could demure and insist he wanted to smell nice for Ezekiel. They might let their guards down a little then.
“Would you mind if I read your letter?” Steve asked as he came around to sit down across from him. “Or has that moment passed? I can wait.” The way his fingers drifted down to his side refuted that, but he didn’t look self-conscious about it.
“Thank you, Jarvis,” Tony sighed. “Now I need to write to Steve.” He still didn’t know what to say beyond, ‘Dear Steve, I am getting on a train tomorrow and you’ll be stuck with me before you can regret saying yes.’ That didn’t seem polite.
Jan eventually knocked on his door, and when she heard no answer, pushed it open and peeked inside. She frowned when she saw Tony curled up on his bed, letter clutched in his hand, other hand curled against his mouth. His hands were shaking. “Tony? Are you okay?”
“Right,” Steve answered hurriedly. “Right, of course, I just—” He leaned his face in his hand and made a noise that sounded a lot like a squeak. “Oh God and you’re right here and you’re seeing me react to one of your letters. You’re seeing how I reacted to all of your other ones. Oh God.”
tell us stories about your life growing up,” Jan insisted, leaning her chin on her hand. “You sound like you were a real firecracker.”
Tony wished he had something to do with his hands. He knew that Jarvis hadn’t had time to pack much, and he and Jan had been too preoccupied with escaping at all that they hadn’t even thought to grab a book or something. He went through his carpet bags anyway, since Jan had already surprised him with a key to a trunk. Perhaps someone had secreted away another item of interest, or a book. Unfortunately, all he could find were the bundle of letters from Steve, his stationery, the cookbook Ana had bought for him, and his notebook detailing the basics Jarvis had taught him. He wished he’d had more time to practice homemaking before he’d had to leave.
Tony stared at the bag a little longer, the very idea of it filling him with dread, and it wasn’t even his problem. “Oh,” he said weakly. “If you’re sure…”
“You’ll wear the red and marigold suit I gave you, is what you’ll do,” Jan scoffed, not looking away from the dress form she was currently working on.
“It is poor manners to run outside screaming about your engagement,” Jarvis said mildly as he picked up the empty coffee-cup from beside Tony’s elbow. “Steve gets a pass because he has no neighbors to wake.”
“It’s not funny, Tony!” Jan bellowed as he laughed so hard, he almost dropped his teacup. “Stop laughing!”
“Well, I’ve got plenty of time to prove you wrong, unfortunately,” Reed replied, taking out the two carpet bags that he’d put in the boot of his motorcar. “Have a good night, sir.”
Ana stared after him, lips pursed, before tipping her head back for a long slug of her wine. “The old spoilsport never did care for crassness, even from me.”
“I mean. It’s a letter. There’s no expiration date on it,” Tony replied, amused. “I’ll look at the menu while you—” He watched Steve whip the envelope back out and open it. “…Read it,” he finished, laughing a little, then picked up the little menu card on his plate. He watched Steve’s eyes dart back and forth across the paper for a moment, then dropped his gaze down to the menu card, for some reason feeling like he was intruding.
Tony sighed and reached for the cup of warm milk, holding the edge of the rim to his bottom lip to breathe in the scent slowly. Maybe he should just drink his milk and go to bed. Maybe he’d be able to figure out what to say if he slept on it. He tipped his cup so he could take a sip, luxuriating in the silkiness of the milk and the smoothness of the honey mixed into it, with just a little woodiness from some fresh nutmeg. This would definitely help him get some restful sleep so he could answer Steve tomorrow.
“But Obadiah will be watching the train stations now,” Tony whispered, shaking. “And he’ll have someone waiting outside the gates for the chance to snatch me up anyway now that I’ve shown I was planning to escape. Oh, Jan, I never even got the chance to learn how to make pound cake for Steve,” he moaned around a hitch of breath.
“You don’t need to do that,” Tony exclaimed, lifting his head. “Ana! You’re not a servant! You don’t need to wait on me!”
Tony continued to smile at him, then tilted his head. “So… what’s our next step, Steve? I’ll follow your lead.”
Jarvis scooped up the few letters from new suitors to read and swept out of the room with a mild smile and nothing else.
Tony frowned, thumbs rubbing over the fabric. The cut wasn’t the same, but it was a deep indigo color. Maybe that would look better on him. He turned to face the mirror and began to put it on.
“‘The vegetables we know as beans and peas, called legumes, are members of the large Fabaceae family and represent some of the most important vegetable staples known to mankind…’”
“He’s beating what appears to be the head officer very soundly about the head while the others try and pull him off,” Jan declared proudly, probably pressed up against the window to watch.
Tony choked on his tongue, but it couldn’t be heard over Jarvis’s screech of outrage. “JANET VAN DYNE!”
Tony waited until the car had roared past the gates before he called out, “Thank you, Reed! You didn’t have to do this!”
He’d thought he might worry about other things, like how long he’d need to be married to Steve before it was safe to send word to his friends, or whether Steve would turn out to be just like his letters or not. Now, though, he mostly worried about things farther in the future—Would his garden turn out? What should he try to plant first? He’d read that beans were an easy plant to care for, and maybe tomatoes and squash. He wondered what Steve’s favorite vegetable was. He’d said he’d eat anything even if it tasted bad, but he must have a favorite, right? He liked pound cake, after all. Surely he had a favorite vegetable.
“I have never been surer of anything in my life,” Greer told him, then shoved the apple in her mouth so she could reach down and open the bag. “Wha you wah?”
“Oh, ah,” Tony began, embarrassed, and pulled four twenty-dollar bills out to hand to the ticket man, who had raised an eyebrow at him in confusion. “Here’s this, and—um—he didn’t put any single dollars in here,” he whispered up to Jim.
Jan would probably rescue them. Tony and Jan kept sharing curious looks because Jarvis’s face was red not only with anger, but embarrassment, and Ana kept giggling even as she also put some of the letters she skimmed into the wastebasket as well. They were probably incredibly torrid. Tony wouldn’t respond, but he definitely wanted to read them, and Jan would offer excellent commentary. She always did.
Tony was silent for a few minutes before he finally, quietly whispered, “I don’t even know his favorite color.”
“Here,” Jan whispered, handing him one of the small throw pillows from her chaise lounge. “For your head. It shouldn’t block your air.”
“No trouble at all. I actually made a chart with all the names,” Jan admitted, blushing. “Sometimes when I’m getting really frustrated with a design, I organize your letters.”
Jan was supposed to make his wedding clothes, and they’d pick out a dress for her as his maid of honor, and she’d violently elbow her competition out of the way when he threw his bouquet. Now he was on a train to Chicago, where he’d find out if he could go to Steve or if he needed to wait. He was alone, with only his two carpet bags, his gifted trunk, and the little satchel of money that Victor had pressed into his hands before he'd stepped off the train. He couldn’t even reach out when he arrived at his final destination to tell the people he loved that he was safe. They’d all have to sit there, wondering if he’d made it, wondering if he was safe and happy, and he couldn’t alleviate any of their worry for his own safety.
“Well, I’m on my way home to visit my parents in Philadelphia,” Jim said, putting his hands in his pockets. “I hope you enjoy Timely. The people there are nosy but they’re also really, really nice.”
“Tony,” Greer said firmly, and shoved the carpet bag next to her onto the floor. It hit with a loud thud. Tony stared at it in horror. “I don’t want to sell any of these to you. I want to give them to you. I can’t read all these! And I don’t particularly want to travel with them, either! Can you imagine me lugging these all around California?”
Jan said nothing, just swallowed around the lump in her throat as she continued gently scratching over his scalp.
he say? “I… I guess…” He chewed on his bottom lip nervously before continuing, “I guess I’d say… I answered a lot of marriage ads. Some of the replies I got were… awful. And Steve’s first reply kind of was awful too. But I decided to give him a chance anyway, and his second reply to me was beautiful and thoughtful and… and he gave me a present.”
Tony tucked the letter into an envelope, then paused. There was a possibility this could be his last letter to Steve that wasn’t a goodbye. It seemed so impersonal, even though its answer would be telling of whether or not a relationship could continue. Is this how he wanted what could possibly be his last letter to Steve to be? Just coldly impersonal, as if those previous letters hadn’t mattered? But he wanted to protect himself, too, in case what Steve answered was something he couldn’t offer him. He realized with a jolt that he’d started the letter with ‘dear’ instead of a more proper,
Tony hesitated, hand hovering at the bottom of the letter, before he bit his bottom lip, blushing, and signed it.
“A picture of Steve?!” Jan asked, excited, and held the drawing up. She stared at it for several minutes, silent, until Tony’s laughs faded into giggles. “Tony,” she said seriously. “I’m sorry that you’re just marrying a brown and yellow blob. Hopefully your children will take after you.”
“Don’t worry about it. We all know Reed isn’t… consumed with propriety,” he finally said after some thought. “I knew he’d probably say something awful tonight. Alphas just… aren’t concerned with that kind of thing.”
Victor opened his mouth, then shut it again, apparently unable to find fault with her reasoning. “Yes,” he offered reluctantly. “I suppose we do.”
Jarvis sighed and rolled his eyes, unable to help a smile as Tony tried to smother some reluctant giggles. “Please let me drive you, dear.”
“She has a niece that she’d send marriage ads to in Hungary. She said that I should answer them, too. That way, at least, I’d have a choice,” he added, voice soft. “And I hadn’t had a choice in so long. It hurt to hide away the pieces of myself that seemed important. I’m Tony Stark. It’s a name in the echelons of high society. But I couldn’t tell anyone that for fear that word would get back to Obadiah. I knew that if he found out I was trying to leave, he’d make it impossible for me to do so.” He paused there, letting the information hang, the fact that he’d held things back.
“I mean, I doubt I will,” Steve repeated with a shrug. Somehow, though, it didn’t come across as flippant.
Steve flinched, turned just enough to toss an embarrassed glare over his shoulder, then looked back at Tony with an apologetic smile. “He’s right, I’m sorry—um, are you hungry? We could go to the hotel and get something to eat. It’s a long ride back to the ranch,” he added. He paused, then frowned, quietly adding, “Maybe you’d like to tell me about your sudden urgency to get here, too.”
But he had no other choice. Even if his trunk were on top of a pile, he couldn’t get out of it for fear of being seen.
Tony remembered the exact expression she was talking about, when Ezekiel had been his slimy self and asked Jan out on a date even though he was supposed to be exclusively pursuing Tony, per his father’s orders. Janet never suffered fools and egotists, and he was both, so she was half as patient already. The dumbfounded look on his face when she’d said she was currently accepting the courtship of an
Tony stared up at him, stunned at the admission, before he finally threw his head back to laugh, loud and long, at the idea of anyone being able to cow someone as big and strong as Steve simply because he brought his intended omega into his home without marrying him first.
“So is this alpha going in the ‘no’ pile?” Ana teased, because Tony might have, just possibly, complained about Steve’s poor letter ever since he’d received it. Tony squirmed but couldn’t come up with a snarky reply, which she deserved for her teasing.
he didn’t say, but he didn’t need to, and gently touched Tony’s back as Jan helped him inside. He turned back to Reed and inclined his head just slightly. “It appears you’re not a total nincompoop, Richards.”
“Yeah, it can be a little jarring when big cities are what you’re used to your entire life,” Steve agreed, luckily not taking any offense. He began leading him toward the hotel. “But we’re a stop for people traveling across the country, so we’re big enough for an actual hotel.”
The train ride to Chicago was long, long enough that Victor had sprung for Tony to have a spot in the Pullman car. Tony appreciated the foresight, even though he found he couldn’t sleep, only managing fitful little naps that ended with a startled gasp as he imagined Obadiah or the men he had hired finding him. He was almost certain that when he was finally at Steve’s ranch, he’d lie down and not get up for a full twenty-four hours at least. The past few days had been exhausting, and while he’d go on as long as he had to, the tiredness was sinking deep into his bones.
“You’re glowing like a rose,” Jarvis said, and Ana politely covered her mouth to try and hide her giggling.
Tony was pleased to hear that. He probably could have dealt with Steve being a little territorial, but knowing that he wasn’t settled some of his anxiety. He turned to look at Jim, intrigued. “Jim, is Steve handsome?”
Tony looked at her, mouth opening and closing uselessly, before he threw back the rest of his glass of punch.
Jan looked down at him again, concerned, and said, “You know you can say anything to me, or ask me anything, and I won’t be upset.”
“You’ve murdered me,” Tony moaned, arm thrown over his eyes. “Please close the drapes! I will actually die if you don’t!”
Tony immediately felt some of the tension in his shoulders ease. Steve thought he was pretty. He’d known, logically, that he was an attractive person, but he’d also known that that didn’t mean he’d be attractive to everyone. He couldn’t help his lips tipping up into a smile. “The picture you sent me didn’t do you much justice.”
“I would like that very much, Jarvis,” Tony murmured softly. “And I could introduce you to Steve, and show you all the things I’ve learned.”
Instead, he straightened his shoulders and walked down the steps from the mansion, silently getting into Reed’s car, careful to keep his head high and face forward. He would do this last thing Jarvis had asked of him. He would not look back. Not when Jarvis could see him doing it.
Jan cackled and lunged at him, fingers dancing along his sides, and then squealed when he gave back as good as he got.
The ceremony was quick, quiet, and relatively painless, except for the fact that when the preacher had said ‘you may now kiss your bride,’ both Steve and Tony had stared at each other in dismay. Finally, though, Steve had leaned down to press a kiss to his forehead, and Tony had responded in kind with a kiss to the cheek.
Jan frowned at him a little longer before turning it over. Then she let out the longest, loudest groan he’d ever heard. “
Jim glanced at him from the corner of his eye, then looked ahead again. “You know what? That’s probably none of my business. Where are you headed? Maybe we’re going the same way.”
“I’ll ask her,” Jarvis said, and decided to also tell Ana that if it was a little more expensive than either of them would like, they could probably take some from their meager savings to pay for it, as long as she didn’t mind. He didn’t think she would.
Victor von Doom had never gone out of his way not to sneer down his nose at Tony as if the position he was in was his fault, so Tony had no idea why he would try to help him now.
Tony felt his smile freeze on his face. He hadn’t realized it would be that much. He took out the money purse Victor had given him. He wondered if he’d even have enough to pay for third class seats. He opened the purse and looked inside, mouth dropping open.
“Be useful and take something up to my room,” Jan said imperiously. “But you might want to hurry if you don’t want to watch me smooching Hank.”
“Johnny and I could cause trouble,” Reed offered. “And I know this would be the sort of thing Ben wouldn’t mind getting caught up in.”
Tony squirmed uncomfortably before deciding Hank probably already knew, since Jan had said that Hank hated what was happening to him too. “I… I don’t have any money to go shopping, Jan.”
Tony nodded slightly. He knew that. He felt the same way for her. But sometimes he needed the comfort of being reminded. “Do you truly think I’m doing the right thing?”
be faster if he had help. And he supposed he could always play the wounded omega if he needed to get away—people
“I knew I’d never be able to do it, but of course I was as brash as I always am,” she continued. “And I so wanted a raise. And lo! A foreigner walked into the shop! I thought, here’s my chance—a sucker.”
Tony couldn’t help but think of Jan, and how she was supposed to be at his side as his maid of honor, and of Jarvis and Ana, who he’d always imagined would fill in the empty spaces where his parents should have been. The thought of one day being able to invite them to come celebrate their union was nice, even if he had his doubts that it would ever be safe to invite all of them.
. It was olive green and salmon pink. My lord, what an ugly tie,” she whispered, mostly to herself, but smiled when Tony reluctantly giggled. “And, well. I was the tie girl. I had to pretend I thought that tie was great. I tried to up sell it to every customer, but they always turned it down. Then one day, the owner of the shop came up to me, and he said, ‘Ana, if you sell this tie today, I’ll give you a raise.’
Tony couldn’t help but smile down at his hands shyly. Victor might not have had a lot of patience for things he didn’t like, and he probably didn’t even think about how much he was giving him, but it was nice that it looked like a friend being concerned to Jim.
“It’s not fair,” Jan whispered helplessly. “He has to leave everything he’s ever known to be happy. He has to leave you and Mr. Jarvis. He has to leave
Tony tipped his head back to look up at him, pleasantly surprised. “You remember what I said in my first letter? Steve, that was so long ago!”
Well… Maybe not so little time. He hadn’t heard back from Steve, yet, after all, and who knew if Steve still wanted him after his reply? Perhaps he hadn’t sold himself well enough. Steve had an awful lot of desires in a mate and Tony probably hadn’t been incredibly reassuring when he admitted that he wasn’t necessarily very skilled at these things. He’d asked for Steve to be patient as he learned, but maybe Steve couldn’t afford to be patient. Tony understood that.
“It’s lovely,” Ana said knowingly, handing it back. “I’m sure he would be pleased if you asked for more drawings.”
And nearly choked on it as the end of the trunk where his feet were jerked upward, slamming his head into the opposite side.
Well, he’d soon learn, he decided. And he’d do his best to make Jan proud. Jan, and everyone else who had loved and helped him make his way to safety.
Jan waved Ana and Jarvis away before stepping inside and pulling the door shut behind her. While they could be sympathetic to some of the plights that omegas faced, there were definitely things that betas could not totally understand. They could own property, control their money, and while some alphas thought themselves above them, betas could still retain the same legal standing that alphas did. They could wish that Tony and Jan could have that, but they’d never really understand how it felt, being so powerless.
“Edwin is making you a tonic right now,” Ana assured him, running a hand up and down his arm gently. “Just be glad you’re not Janet.”
He heard a key being inserted into the lock of his trunk and tried not to flinch as it was wrenched open, frightened squeak muffled behind his hands when someone began pawing through the clothes on top of him. He felt his shirt being tugged on and readied himself to go out swinging—
“Maybe you’ll work out better as friends,” she suggested when he picked up the envelope and frowned at it. “Just because you’re not compatible as spouses doesn’t mean you have to give up on him. Weren’t you just telling me that you had an interesting conversation about… what was it… atoms or something?”
Tony scowled after him, wrinkling his nose a little, before he grabbed a handkerchief and turned to blot at the letter to Steve. It was ruined though. He sighed and turned his attention to the finished and addressed envelopes, glad that they, at least, weren’t too terribly damaged.
Steve took in the information, blinking, then scowled in distaste, simply stating, “That’s not right.”
. He covered his face for a moment with a squeak, trying to get hold of his emotions. Then he remembered the drawing and perked up. If he could just see what Steve looked like, even in the vaguest sense–
“Tony!” Jan cried as soon as he pushed the door to Reed’s car open, running to embrace him. “I’m sorry! If I’d known Ezekiel was there, I never would have—”
Jarvis finally turned, laying one lightly floured hand over her clasped, trembling ones. “I doubt it would come to that, dear.”
“I don’t know why I’m crying,” Tony whispered, even as he clung to her shirt so hard that his knuckles ached. “I’m relieved. I swear I am. I’m
Tony felt his shoulders relax at the assurance. He clasped his hands together and couldn’t help smiling up at Jim. “Oh, do you really think so? He won’t be disappointed?”
“I like the way you smell, whatever you wear,” Hank cut in. “You could dab cabbage juice behind your ears and I’d like it.”
“I-! I wasn’t going to do that!” Tony exclaimed, blushing, and yanked another piece of stationery toward him.
Susan giggled reluctantly. “I’m—still sorry. Please ask one of the caterers to spruce up your punch, courtesy of Reed of course.”
Tony sucked in a wet breath, feeling hollowed out with relief. He hadn’t realized how much he needed to hear that Steve didn’t care about Obadiah or the threat of him coming to get him. “Steve, I…”
Steve stared at him for a moment, stunned, then pulled his hand out of his pocket so he could lay it across Tony’s. “Yeah,” he said breathlessly. “Yeah, that sounds good to me.”
moved, it had taken all of his effort to do so. Tony circled the cart and grabbed one of the handles to see how heavy it was. He was dismayed to find he couldn’t budge it an inch. What had Jan sent him off with? An anvil? Did she expect he'd need one?
Finally, though, Jarvis slammed his fork and knife onto the table, making Tony and Ana jump. “There has to be
Still, Steve had seemed so kind in his letters, had seemed like the kind of man who wouldn’t mind someone failing as long as they were honestly trying. Surely he wouldn’t hold Tony’s ignorance against him. Tony might not know Steve personally yet, but he liked to think he knew some of the intimate parts of him. He knew that Steve got lonely, and that he was artistic, and that his favorite color was yellow. And Steve knew him—knew he was anxious, and scared, but still willing to try. That must count for something, right?
“A key?” he murmured softly, confused. He tipped the envelope, so the key fell into his hand, running his thumb over the iron blade. It looked like one of the keys to Jan’s trunks. “Huh.” He wrapped his hand around it and then pulled the envelope open again, because it wasn’t like Jan to give him something without an explanation. And, like he expected, there was a small note inside.
“I can’t imagine you’ll say anything I can’t live with, but alright,” Steve agreed reluctantly, looking up as the waitress came back to take their orders.
He hadn’t been planning on it, but he was feeling low, and Jan had always been able to take his mind off of things when he was feeling too overwhelmed about them. Besides… she was really the only other person outside of Jarvis and Ana who would sympathize with him instead of chiding him for not trusting his guardian more. Jan had been begging him to come over to try on some of the new suits she’d designed, anyway.
“Okay,” Steve answered slowly, still looking a little confused. “I’m glad that he was there to take care of you, in any case. Seems like he did a good job, whatever it was.”
Tony sighed, frowning, and ran his thumb over the corner of one of the envelopes before he finally decided that he probably wouldn’t be able to send them until well after he was married. He turned to put the letters back into his bag and paused when he saw an envelope he didn’t recognize. He picked it up, surprised to feel something heavy inside it, then carefully pulled the flap open and looked inside.
“Take that awful shirt off and try on this one,” she ordered, tossing a shirt over the screen at him.
Victor von Doom was, perhaps, the snobbiest omega on the east coast. Of course, he was also the richest omega on the east coast, and most alphas were willing to look the other way when he committed a faux pas just to be on the receiving end of some of his fortune. If the Van Dynes were considered Old Money, Victor von Doom was considered Oldest Money; his father was higher up in social circles (some people even whispered about Victor being the heir to the Latverian throne) and had sent him to America to find a suitable alpha to wed to open up commerce for his company.
Jan slammed the last trunk closed and whipped around to give them both a glare. “Yeah, what’s that all about?!”
Tony trailed his fingers over the drawing lightly, mouth dropped open a little in awe. Steve thought that this was poor quality? Tony almost felt he was looking at a photograph. There were the rolling hills Steve had described, a moon hanging fat and heavy in the sky, stars dotted around it with little gleaming rays. He wondered if Steve had done the sketch by the moonlight. He must have. Tony couldn’t imagine anyone being able to do this from memory alone.
“Society omegas and betas might find that romantic, too,” Ana said thoughtfully. “Especially if Janet hammed it up a bit. ‘He was so passionate about teaching the children out west, how could I say no,’ or something like that.”
“Hope you’re ready to read a lot abOUT GARDENING!” Tony called after her and smiled when she blew a raspberry at him before the door swung closed.
“…Why,” Steve began, then shrugged it off, apparently not concerned. “I’m sure we could always use an anvil. Is that it?” he asked, pointing up the platform to where the porters had put the luggage.
Tony accepted a cup of tea and a plate of very dainty cookies that he did not know the name of but tasted good with the bitter tea. “Thank you.” He wasn’t just thanking him for the tea.
“So I can have a hangover from hell so that when Ezekiel and Obadiah arrive to take me to a party, I will be indisposed,” Tony admitted.
“He never reads the personal pages,” Ana insisted, but obediently shut the paper again. “Besides, I doubt he’ll care, since he had such a late night last night, sneaking out to see a lawyer.”
Tony shoved down the hurt of remembering his father going over paperwork where Jarvis sat, and his mother reading Shakespeare where Ana sat, as he practiced his letters where he always sat. They were gone, and he missed them, and it hurt, but he wouldn’t let that taint the warm feelings he had for Jarvis and Ana now. Ana and Jarvis weren’t his parents, but they took care of him like their own son even though they technically didn’t have to. He would never forget that.
Tony took a moment to compose himself, then put his hand on the handle of the cart his trunk was on. He’d let the porter go so he could attend to other travelers, because the Chicago train station was bustling with activity and he didn’t want to hold anyone up while he figured out where to go. They all looked so busy, though. Tony frowned nervously. He didn’t want to leave his trunk unattended—he didn’t even know what Jan had put in it, and his heart ached at the thought of someone perhaps snatching it up—but all of the porters looked very busy, arms full of baggage or pushing large carts with trunks on them. But he also wanted to get to the ticket counter quickly, because what if the train that passed through Timely left soon? He didn’t want to miss it and have to wait longer.
Jarvis smiled and pressed another kiss to the top of his head. “Maybe one day, when you’ve been gone long enough that no one will suspect, Ana and I will come and visit you.”
Jan frowned up at her, pondering what she’d been told, before she straightened her shoulders and nodded. She lifted her hand to dry her eyes one last time, and swore it would be the last time she cried for Tony (at least until he was gone and had no chance of seeing it). She would stand behind his decisions. She’d always been allowed to make her own, after all, so it was only fair to back Tony up.
“That’s all?” Tony asked, unable to help feeling disappointed. He couldn’t possibly make a roast every day. Although… he supposed it would help him practice…
Jarvis took the tray from her hand, frowning. He didn’t want her to drop it. She was excitable even on the best of days. Ana took the teacup from her other hand just in case.
“Great!” Jan said, beaming, and then took Hank’s arm. “We’ll have to take the carriage, since Father insists I’m not allowed to drive in city limits and his chauffeur is busy.”
Tony snatched it from her with trembling fingers and looked at the return address, shoulders falling in relief when he saw Steve’s name. He slit the envelope open quickly and pulled the letter out.
“They were my mother’s favorite,” Victor offered, apparently the only way he would accept his thanks.
“How many times do I have to do this?” Tony asked, grunting with the effort of pushing the dough back out.
a pretty silly place to stand around.” He glanced at the letter in his hand somewhat regretfully, then carefully slid it into his pocket. “Let’s go to the hotel and get something to eat. Are these your bags?”
Jan huffed. “Well they could!” she reaffirmed defiantly, and then passed Tony another letter so he couldn’t yell at her some more. “Here. This one’s from Steve.”
Luckily, Greer didn’t look put out by it, with the way she laughed at him. “Alright. But you can definitely take more than one if you want!”
“I’m sure,” Tony agreed. He glanced between them for a moment before leaning in and whispering, “I doubt Janet would mind. At all.”
Steve wanted him to come. He had somewhere to go where he could be safe. He’d believed Steve would, of course, because they’d been discussing it, but never under these circumstances, never because he was actively fleeing people. He’d worried that Steve would realize just how much baggage he’d be coming with. Steve was smart, after all—Tony had tried to keep his living conditions vague, but what else could someone think when they got an emergency telegram that said ‘had to leave home suddenly’ when he’d admitted he had no money? But that hadn’t stopped Steve at all, had seemed to only firm his resolve, if he was going to be waiting at the train station for him to arrive without any idea of when that would be.
“An arranged marriage?” Tony asked skeptically, and pulled out the ads. He wrinkled his nose at some of the more pointed ads, but they didn’t seem… terrible. “Obadiah would never agree to this.”
Tony took a deep breath, then turned, feeling vulnerable and brave all at once as he looked up to meet the alpha’s gaze. “Steve?”
Jarvis cupped his cheeks, hands fluttering as if he didn’t know where to touch, how to convey how much he loved him. “You’ve grown into a fine young man, Anthony,” he finally said, then leaned in to press a kiss to his forehead.
“I reread your letters a lot,” Steve admitted, smiling bashfully, and lifted his hand to rub the back of his head. “My friends have been teasing me since I got your first letter. I’m sure if we’d been apart much longer, I would have worn the paper out.”
Steve was right. The train only barely stopped in Timely—it seemed more like a hesitation at the raised platform rather than an actual stop on the way to a bigger city. Still, for as shortly as it stopped, several other people seemed to get off. The platform was crowded, and the picture of Steve he’d been jokingly sent had left… a
“Oh, thank you,” Tony told him, unable to help a smile before he turned to the man at the counter. “May I have one ticket to Timely, please? In a Pullman car.”
The view as they made their way to the ranch was breathtaking, for as simple as it was. Tony had never seen so much open space in his life, and every time he saw an unfamiliar bird, Steve seemed to know exactly what kind it was. Tony was certain that he’d never had an alpha be so attentive to him in his life, especially without ulterior motives.
He took a small bite, savoring the flavors of garlicky mayonnaise and cucumber and the lightest dusting of pepper on his tongue. He’d never thought a simple cucumber sandwich could taste so good. Maybe it was the freedom that came with it. He took another bite of the sandwich—
“—Boo,” Jan said, because even she was not brave enough to swear in front of Jarvis. “Hank thinks it’s a bunch of boo and if Tony can’t find someone to marry, he’s offered to write to some of his friends in California.”
He could either suffer being married to Ezekiel and have at least a little access to his parents’ fortune, or he could suffer being without a fortune that was rightfully his but not have to deal with a handsy alpha. Sometimes he wished he hadn’t been born into money—maybe then the decision wouldn’t be so hard.
“Now if you heard that story from somebody else,” Ana said gently. “You would think it was incredibly romantic, wouldn’t you?” When Tony stayed silent, she gave his shoulder the gentlest of squeezes. “It’s just as romantic as the start that Edwin and I had, that your parents had, that Janet is having with her beau. You don’t realize it, because it’s so new, and not at all what you expected, but you’ll look back, and you’ll realize how beautiful and sweet it really was.”
“One of these days I’m going to find out why Victor calls me that,” Jan hissed, even as she carefully ripped the telegram open. “It’s gone too far to be a friendly joke. He doesn’t even shorten it to call me ‘Jan.’”
The platform was starting to clear. Tony frowned, twisting the letter he’d written in his hands, suddenly feeling self-conscious for having written it. Maybe he should have focused more on how he was going to find Steve, what he was going to say to him. It felt a little late to be trying to come up with something now. He supposed he couldn’t go wrong with a ‘how do you do’ or ‘pleasure to finally meet you,’ but… Steve was going to be his husband, and those words seemed so trite. Perhaps the right words would hit him like a bolt from the blue as soon as they laid eyes on each other, but he was seriously beginning to doubt that. He hoped that Steve wasn’t too disappointed with how he’d arrived—all of his clothes had been a little rumpled, but this was the nicest one he could find in his carpet bags—
But then the door in front of Tony’s trunk was being opened and it was being dragged out. Tony clapped his hands over his mouth to muffle his startled yelp when his head banged against the side of the trunk he was in as they dropped it to the ground. They’d surely find him if they were searching the trunks, but he wasn’t going to make it easy for them. He heard them opening the other trunks one-by-one and hoped he wasn’t shaking so much it was visible, clammy palms clasped tightly over his mouth.
“Hey, I was just protecting the travelers of Chicago,” Jim replied, smirking a little. “You looked like you were frustrated enough that you were going to pick up your trunk and throw it across the platform.”
Jan sniffed some more, than hurriedly wiped her eyes, jaw setting with determination. “Well,” she said sharply, full of vim and vinegar again. “If I can’t do anything to help you out of the position you’re in, I can at least make you look good while you figure it out yourself.”
Tony choked back a sob. “I wouldn’t have done it without you, Jarvis. You and Ana. I’m like this because of you.”
Tony squeaked and covered his mouth to hide his grin, embarrassed. He was going to marry Steve. Steve, who had only wanted companionship and someone to help out around his home. Steve, who had no problem with Tony having company over while he was gone, because he didn’t want
Steve, to his credit, took some time to mull the information over. “And you’re afraid that I’ll think… what,” he finally asked, frowning in confusion. “Nothing you’ve said makes me think any less of you, Tony, and it doesn’t make me doubt any of your feelings. You just gave me this letter that you wrote on the train,” he added, holding the letter up in one hand, as if Tony needed the visual evidence. “Do you expect me to believe that your thoughts and feelings are fake in this? In any of your letters?”
“This is so many letters,” he sighed, leaning his chin on his hand. His ‘no’ pile was woefully small.
Tony curled closer to her, pressing his shins against her back gently, relishing the extra contact as she gently began to rub the base of his skull. “I do.”
Tony couldn’t help but fall limp in relief. If Jan was being pleasant, he had nothing to worry about.
Tony felt hot with mortification, and then cold with terror. If even the help was happy he wasn’t going to the Stanes… What happened in that house? He was so lucky he’d been allowed to stay in his own home with Jarvis and Ana.
“You could even add just a little dab of perfume to the letters to really get your potential beaus riled up,” Ana added.
Had he become suddenly unattractive as a prospect when he’d admitted he didn’t know anything about ranches?
“So may I use your address?” Tony asked, because her glee seemed like an answer, but he didn’t want to put her in any trouble. “I don’t want Obadiah to get suspicious, and—”
Jarvis lifted his head to frown at her severely. “Ana, my dear, please don’t take this too personally, but that is the daftest thing I’ve ever been told. ‘Make me eat something I hate.’ Preposterous,” he muttered, returning to blotting the envelope in front of him.
“I already don’t like where this is going,” Steve said, and when Tony flinched, hurt, he hurried to add, “For you. I don’t like how you were treated. I can surmise what that means. Unfortunately.”
“It will be such a shame when I make him eat his own hands,” Jan lamented, turning back to the negligee. “Perhaps they’ll let me sew in prison.”
“Obadiah doesn’t have to,” Ana said gleefully. “Getting an alpha’s permission isn’t as important out west as it is here. The pickings are slimmer, after all. And as long as you’re frank about how you’ll come with very little money, you won’t have much to worry about. Your husband will have a legal claim on you, and it would be bad press if Obadiah forced you away from the husband that
“I don’t want you to pay me,” Jan sighed, rolling her eyes, and shoved the changing screen aside. She ignored his embarrassed yelp and instead reached out to smooth his jacket over his shoulders, frowning thoughtfully as she tugged at the cuffs and then tucked a pocket square into his jacket that matched his shirt. After a few more seconds of primping him, she took a step back, giving him a firm pat on the shoulder. “Go look at yourself and eat your words to me.”
“If only it was you who gets to make that choice,” Tony sniffed, smiling, eyes hot with tears. He swallowed thickly, turning his head to dry his eyes on his sleeve and managing a slightly upbeat, “And who would you let me marry, anyway? You’re even more protective than Father was.”
Tony couldn’t help but sag a little, both depressed and mortified. Even people who didn’t know him felt sorry for him.
“The hotel has really good food,” Steve said after a moment, looking a little guilty, as if he’d hated to bring it up. He was starting to open the envelope again.
Tony began to nod, a little dazed, before he realized what he’d been asked and blurted out, “Oh! I have a trunk, too. A wedding gift from a friend.” He looked up at Steve in concern. “It might have an anvil in it.”
“Yes,” Ana said, smiling, even as her eyes filled with tears. “Oh Edwin. I had no idea how much I missed the sound of laughter until just now.”
“Yes, you do that, Janet,” Victor told her. “On the other hand, I can’t believe I’ve been calling you ‘Janice’ for two years and not one single person has corrected me! They all knew I was talking about you but they never said ‘actually her name is Janet!’” He frowned at Tony severely. “Not even
Tony wanted that, too. But he knew he’d never get that with Ezekiel. He’d probably never get it with anyone else, either, if he stayed.
Tony thought of Hank, who willingly sat and listened to Jan rant about fashion and fabric; and Reed, who for all his faults looked at Sue like she hung the sun, moon, and stars; and he thought of Steve, of the letters validating Tony’s concerns, his doubts and fears and loss, and praising his bravery despite those things. “Well… not all of them…”
“Steve, I just got off the train today,” Tony cut in. “Of course there are going to be missteps as we get to know each other in person.” He reached out for Steve’s arm, then hesitated. But… Steve had been telling him how brave he was. He figured he shouldn’t stop now. So he continued reaching, curling his hand around Steve’s arm, and added, “You told me that you’d be patient as I learned. Of course I’ll be patient with you, too.”
“The yellow washes you out, but the red makes you look delectable,” Ezekiel added, reaching out for him.
Tony dipped his head, pleased and embarrassed and overwhelmed. Steve had called him brave before, too, but somehow it felt much nicer in person. “I… I think I should lay everything out for you, so that you can make a more informed decision,” he finally said, because Steve might have understood the barest bones of who he was, but it was only fair that Steve knew what he was getting into before they married, especially if Obadiah ever tracked him down and tried to drag him back home.
really sorry about Reed, Tony,” Susan insisted one last time, voice soft. “That was so humiliating, I—”
“Everything is moving too quickly,” Tony repeated softly. “This is only Steve’s third letter to me and we’re planning our house, and he’s telling me what my day would be like, and what we’d do together, and what life on the ranch will be like for me. I don’t know anything about him, not really. How can I marry someone I don’t know?”
Tony looked up at her, startled. “Hello? Oh, I’m sorry. I must be bothering you,” he added, tucking his hands in his lap.
“Wow,” Jim said, reluctantly impressed. He turned to smile down at him. “It’s good that you have friends like that, though. He obviously cares a lot about you being able to safely travel.”
“That’s so romantic,” Jan sighed, smiling, and picked a chunk of apple out of her punch to pop into her mouth. “It’s not fair. All of these older people have such sweet stories of meeting their partners in Europe, and we got stuck here with the Stanes.”
One of the maids announced Hank before Tony could say anything else (mostly “Janet, no!”), and Tony was immediately mortified. “Jan! You didn’t tell me you had a date with Hank! I’ll leave—”
“…So,” Steve tried again, then stopped and closed his eyes to sigh at himself in frustration. “I’m so bad at this.”
“Um,” Steve began, apparently startled. He blinked down at Tony, thinking hard, before he finally said, “Well, we’ll need to start heading back to the house soon. It’s a few hours’ ride out.”
Jan opened her mouth to scoff an ‘of course,’ then stopped, frowning thoughtfully. After a few minutes, she tried again, answering, “Only a couple of the maids have seen it, and Hank. Hank thinks what’s happening to Tony is a bunch of b—”
But like he’d told her, he knew hunger, so rationing his sandwich throughout the trip wasn’t a trial for him.
“Obadiah is a war,” Jarvis cut in solemnly, making Tony shut his mouth against what he was about to say. When the omega looked up at him in confusion, he quietly explained, “He will wage a quiet war against you until you have no choice but to marry his son, Anthony. He will spin his web like a cunning little spider, pulling threads until you give in. Until you are only a husk of your former self, until you have no will left to fight, just to let things happen as they may.
“He calls you that in person, so I’m not surprised,” Tony replied, reading over the telegram again and ignoring the way she squawked in outrage. God, it had probably cost more than the groceries Ana and Jarvis bought for the week. He read it a third time, just to be sure, before looking back up at Jan and frowning. “How is this helping me?”
“You know him?” Tony asked, unable to feel a little exited. “We’ve been corresponding for—well, it doesn’t matter how long, but—yes, we’re to be married when I arrive.” His smile dimmed. “At least—at least I hope so. I’d wanted to do things a bit differently, but… there were extenuating circumstances.”
Tony ran to Jarvis immediately, throwing his arms around him, and didn’t care that Reed was there to see it. “Jarvis!”
“We made it,” Tony whispered back, feeling watery with relief. He felt something poking at his pillow and moved it to reach out and delicately take the finger she’d pressed into his air hole, giving it a squeeze. “Jan, we made it.”
“Oh, God, all those turns to her house in that car,” Tony giggled, then grunted and swallowed thickly. “God. Ana, if I should perish, I want all of my belongings to go to you and Jarvis.”
Tony nodded, trying to keep his head from swiveling around too much as he took in everything. The town really was just one road leading up to the railroad platform and back out to the prairie. “If I was going to California, I’d probably stop here just to stretch my legs and avoid getting too cramped on the Pullman car,” he agreed, eyes lingering on the general store. Steve had said some of his friends owned it. Then again, if the town was this small, and Steve was as gregarious as he claimed, he was probably friends with every store owner. “It’s very pretty,” he added belatedly, because there were flowerboxes on all of the windows, and the storefronts were all well-kempt and clean.
“Maybe don’t gawk at how much money you have next time,” Jim murmured, falling into step beside him. “An omega traveling alone, with a purse full of money? You’re an easy target.”
“Everything is moving too quickly,” Tony whispered, knuckles white, then turned his head to hide his face in his pillow.
Jan snatched the paper once his hands were away from it, letting out a triumphant ‘ha!’ “Is it vulgar? Should we have let Mr. Jarvis read it first?!” she asked gleefully, smoothing the paper as Jarvis and Tony both squawked in affront for entirely different reasons. She looked down at it, grinning, but then her expression softened into something more awed and impressed. “Oh.”
“Okay.” Tony turned and looked into the mirror of his vanity, at his sharp jaw and cheekbones, and long lashes over dark eyes. He’d taken after Howard a lot. He wished he could have taken after him in orientation, too.
showing off, Hank. Tony! Keep Hank company while I go get dressed! We’re going out!” she ordered and flounced out of the room.
Jan’s eyes filled with new tears even as she whispered, “Thank you, Daddy.” Then she leaned down to press her lips to the crown of Tony’s head as he continued to cry into her lap.
Well, Tony sighed, frowning. He supposed that could be true. Jan had always pouted when Hank had sent her letters, because they weren’t composed nearly as well as hers had been, but alphas were not often taught to write letters outside of for business. ‘Not everyone has the privilege of going off to finishing school, Tony,’ Ana had said only a touch reproachfully after he’d wrinkled his nose at the first letter he’d read. Tony gave the letter another long look before tucking it back into the envelope and setting it aside in his ‘continued correspondence’ pile.
“That sounds nice,” Tony admitted to himself quietly, and decided that if he didn’t get a husband out of this, at least he might get some friends. “How am I supposed to make myself look favorable though? ‘Omega with no money and no skills’ isn’t very attractive. I don’t want to seem like I’m hiding that from them.”
“Timely?” Jim repeated, sounding amused. “I’ve been there a few times visiting a friend. It’s… nice enough, I suppose.”
“My name’s James,” the alpha told him, taking hold of the cart and pushing it with ease. “James Rhodes. My friends call me Jim.”
“You really are a small town,” Tony said, not quite managing to keep some of the ruefulness out of his tone as Steve offered him his arm again. He curled his fingers around his forearm and reminded himself that squeezing Steve’s arm to feel his muscles would be inappropriate, considering they’d literally just met in person. “I guess I wasn’t quite sure what that meant until I got here.”
“Come on,” Reed said again, tugging on him, and he stumbled a little before finally matching his pace. Reed had his own motorcar. Tony didn’t know where they were going, but at least it was away.
“I’ll apologize later,” Jan replied dismissively. She sat at the table and reached out to take Tony’s hand. It was still shaking a little. “Tony,” she said softly, eyes going soft and dewy. “Take some time to yourself with this. Just think about it really carefully, alright? Are you upset because you’re seeing you could never make it out west, or… because you’re scared you could do better out there than you ever could here?”
Tony took a deep breath before slitting the envelope open. He set the letter opener aside, fingers lingering on it, then shook himself. He had no reason to be afraid. Jarvis was right. Putting it off was doing himself no favors, and Steve deserved better. And he…
“Anthony,” Jarvis said gently, eyes soft, as he reached out for his hand. “I don’t think you understand how pleased it would make this alpha to provide something he made for you just because you said you liked it. In fact, I
Jan—jumped in before anyone else could say anything, sobbing, “Daddy, they were going to go through all of my things! They broke my dress form and—oh, Daddy, I’ve never been so humiliated in my whole life! And now I’m going to be late to the train and Victor’s going to be so upset!”
Tony covered his mouth to muffle a sob when he saw the little heart that she’d doodled next to her name. He didn’t know what to do without her. They’d been together ever since they were three years old, when their mothers had gotten into a heated argument over a feathered hat only to turn around at the sound of a shriek to find that Jan had punched an older boy in the eye for tugging on Tony’s hair. Tony was no shrinking violet; Jan was just
“The Stanes will come after you there,” Reed argued. “Ben and Johnny are going to slow Ezekiel down, but they can’t do much without ending up in jail. We’ve only got a little time.”
Tony pursed his lips, brows furrowed together. It hadn’t been an incredibly interesting letter. Some of the alphas he’d talked to had really tried to be engaging. (Some of them
“Ana,” Jarvis hissed, appalled, as he rushed after her. He paused in the doorway to give a slight bow and distracted ‘goodnight, sir’ before continuing after her. “Ana, I’ve already bought everything for fish and chips. I’m even brining the fish already. Ana your fish always come out dry. ANA. PLEASE.”
“When Edwin started courting me, he nearly tripped over himself when I said I liked his tea and promised that I would have it every morning once we married,” Ana explained, smiling when Jarvis blushed a little. “And he hasn’t let me go one morning without a cup of his delicious tea since. I’m sure this alpha would love to provide you with something that he’s skilled in.”
Tony squirmed in his seat and fought the childish urge to declare ‘it’s mine!’ and snatch it back. He was more mature than that–had been trained better than that. He couldn’t help feeling pleased when Ana and Jarvis looked impressed when they examined it too, though. He told himself it was irrational–this was his second letter from the alpha, and even though it was much better than the first, he had no claim on Steve. Steve had no claim on him. He shouldn’t feel pleased as if they were approving of an intended mate.
There was only one trunk left, probably because everyone else getting off the train had known where they were going. Still, Tony answered, “Yes, that’s the one.”
“Tony!” Jan hissed immediately, pushing herself away from the window and toward one of the air holes in the trunk.
“Yeah. Just don’t tell Mrs. McAvoy that her miniature roses are prettier than Mrs. Langdon’s. They both got cuttings at the same time and have been at each other’s throats about it ever since,” Steve whispered conspiratorially, and when Tony looked back up at him, he gave him a playful wink.
“You’re blushing,” Jan said, smirking, and when Tony ducked his head, mortified, she crowed again, “You’re bluuushing!”
Tony stared at the drawing for a few long seconds before letting out a screech of laughter, unable to help himself. And then he couldn’t stop.
“I’m sorry, Miss,” Samantha said contritely, frowning. “But they insist it’s addressed to the right person.”
Tony trusted her judgment and did not pick the letter up. Jan was good at reading people. “Obadiah might get suspicious of you coming around so much,” he said after some thought. “If it’s not too much trouble, would you mind separating them from the next batch though?”
Victor pulled out his handkerchief and began wiping at Tony’s hands before he could do anything else. “And your shirt is ripped, too.”
“Yes, well,” Tony answered, looking away from him in embarrassment. “Can’t say I much enjoyed it, either, but…” He looked down at his hands in his lap, blushing a little. “It ended up bringing me to you, so.”
Jan and Tony watched her leave the room. “She’s so neat,” Jan breathed. “How did Mr. Jarvis ever manage finding a girl like that?”
“But he’s not,” Steve cut in, and Tony couldn’t help but look up at him through his lashes, because Steve didn’t sound angry, or putout, or disgusted. He just sounded… firm. Unyielding. “He’s not your guardian. That would mean that he cared about you, and it’s clear that he doesn’t. And you’re not his ward—you were taken in by people who actually cared about you. From your story, the only thing he ever showed care for was your money. That doesn’t make him your guardian. Not out here.”
“Yes, well, I sort of picked a favorite early on,” Tony admitted, blushing a little and scratching at his cheek. “But there were a couple that I—thought could be very good friends, if you didn’t mind me continuing to correspond with them.”
Ana slid an arm around her shoulders and drew her away to give the boys some privacy. “Janet, may I speak freely?”
“If he’s your fiancé, I guess it’s okay,” Jarvis grumbled. “And he’s sent you drawings, so. …Never mind,” Jarvis muttered, and fled so politely that if Tony hadn’t known better, he wouldn’t have thought Jarvis was trying to escape anything at all.
Tony glared down at his lap, bottom lip beginning to jut out in a pout as Jarvis and Jan began to laugh as well.
“OKAY,” Steve snapped back, spinning toward the stairs. Then he stopped, a breathy, ‘what the hell’ escaping his lips.
Tony curled his hand behind her neck to draw her further down and press their foreheads together. “Thank you, Jan. For everything.”
Tony huffed but changed into the red slacks, too. “Listen, just because you want to single-handedly bring culture to America through fashion doesn’t mean I’m always going to be your stupid dress-up doll,” he complained, taking the matching red jacket she threw over at him and putting it on as well. “I can’t even pay you properly. Obadiah thinks it’s frivolous, and I honestly have so many other things to pay for with my allowance that I can’t feel guilty about this too—”
“Look, I don’t—I’ve got my eye on someone already and so anyone compared to her is just sorta… background noise,” Jim explained hastily. “Steve’s not… bad looking. He doesn’t set my teeth on edge when I talk to him but I’m pretty sure that’s because he once saw me pitch someone out of the saloon.”
Ana hummed thoughtfully. Her niece was still looking for marriageable alphas. This was a very simple and plain ad, but… sometimes simple and plain was better than ostentatious. Besides, only a letter would truly tell. It was probably expensive to put these ads in the paper, especially as far east as the alpha had. She clipped the ad out and put it in an envelope with all the others that she would send on later.
“Fold the dough in half toward your body, give it a quarter turn, then use the heels of your hands to push it back out,” Jarvis explained.
“You’ve done all you could,” Ana told her gently. “Because it’s all that Anthony would allow you to do. You would have been overstepping if you’d done more. It’s not your fault that Anthony’s stubborn. You threw yourself into this endeavor wholeheartedly and Anthony will always love you for your help. Please don’t feel badly that you didn’t do enough. You’re just a child, too, and an omega one. There was nothing more that could have been done.”
Tony carefully, casually ducked his hand, letting out a nervous laugh. “Don’t let Jan hear you say that.”
Ezekiel’s eyes raked up and down his body like a physical touch, so obviously that Tony shivered in disgust and wanted to hide. “Miss Van Dyne made that suit for you, didn’t she? It’s quite flattering.”
Steve turned back to him, still looking vaguely embarrassed even as he smiled, rubbing the back of his head. “Well, I suppose up here on the platform
Jan was quiet for several minutes, so long that Tony frowned and was about to ask the operator if the line had been lost.
address, but Jan’s, and his name wasn’t actually on the envelope as the addressee, like he’d requested of his suitors; even if it were for his own safety, there was something a little sad about it. He traced his fingers over the letters of the address slowly, then sighed and reached for the letter opener.
heavy, probably. The porter hadn’t looked like he was straining at all when he’d been pushing it earlier. And it was just one trunk! Tony could probably push it by himself. It wasn’t like he was an invalid, or anything. He put his other hand on the cart and went up on his toes so he could orient himself toward the ticket counter, then braced his feet against the floor and began to push.
He still had the letter he’d written on the train in his hand. It was a bit worse for wear, now, after his anxious twisting and crumpling of it. He was tempted to hide it, suddenly embarrassed, but he wasn’t entirely sure why. He stared at the envelope for a moment, considering, then looked back up at Steve shyly. “Um… I might have written something for you. While I was on the train,” he offered hesitantly, holding the letter out to him. “I didn’t really have much to do, and I wanted to focus my thoughts… And I, um… I wanted to write you one last letter,” he added. “Because I loved your letters so much.”
Tony grabbed the top three boxes Hank had deposited in the entryway and fled, because he loved Jan, and Hank was nice enough, but he didn’t want to see them kissing.
Tony’s smile faded in concern and confusion. “You… don’t want to have a wedding?” Everyone in town had seemed so excited to see Steve had found a beau. It didn’t make sense that they wouldn’t want to celebrate with him.
Tony wished he’d gotten to take a sip of his drink, he lamented as he fled out of the room, sprinting past the coatroom because he couldn’t afford to stop. He really needed one.
“You certainly are,” Tony agreed, looking over his shoulder into the mirror, then paused. The suit was so nice, fitting him like a glove in all the right places. He hadn’t had a full suit that fit him so well in a long time. He frowned, shoulders sagging, and whispered, “But I can’t wear this to parties.”
Tony turned and buried his face in Jarvis’s chest with a quiet sob. “Oh Jarvis-! How can I leave you like this? After all you’ve done for me!”
Jan was silent for several minutes before she said, “I suppose it’s a small price to pay for your safety, Tony.”
“Word travels fast, dear,” Ana told him gently as she grabbed a coat from the closet for him. “Especially when Edwin knows the Storms’ doorman.”
Tony laughed a little even though he also wanted to cry with gratitude over how unquestioningly and unwaveringly loyal his friend was. He didn’t know what he’d done to deserve her as a friend, but he was glad of it. “After discussing it with Jarvis and Ana, I’ve decided to leave my worldly possessions behind and move across the country.”
Tony turned to watch her go, stunned, and maybe just a little bit scared. He’d never considered that the Stanes could be worse beyond their treatment of him, but he’d never really had the stomach to think about what happened behind the Stanes’ doors. To know that the servants gossiped to each other, and were afraid for him, that… that was something new. Something that made the prospect of having to marry Ezekiel even
“Yes, well, most of Janet’s designs are,” Tony said, trying covertly to look for Jan again, grip on the glasses tightening so much he feared for their structural integrity. He wished fervently that Jan would sense his distress and come rescue him.
Jan frowned at him severely, in the same way she frowned at him when she thought he asked foolish questions about her fabric choices right before she changed his life with a new suit. “Tony,” she said, voice dripping with derision. “How would you have survived without me?”
Tony frowned as he thought about it, brows furrowing together, before his lips quirked into the smallest of smiles. “I know he’s a horrible conversationalist unless he’s talking about his ranch or the town nearby.”
Tony stood frozen, hands gripped into fists, stunned. He wanted to run back inside and never leave. He wanted to be by Ana and Jarvis’s sides for always.
Tony couldn’t help but stare at him, in awe, because where he came from, no alpha would casually admit that someone was actively embarrassing them. Steve didn’t look ashamed of it, though. In fact, he looked a little… fond. And Tony found the way his ears went pink to match his cheeks, in conjunction with his casual admittance of embarrassment, was incredibly charming.
There was a knock on the door, and Tony hurriedly shoved the letters and sketches under his pillows, terrified. Though Jarvis and Ana always gave him privacy, Ana rarely ever gave more than a quick tap before she walked in, and Jarvis rarely ever came into the rooms he was occupying without Tony expressly asking for him, because he always had something to do in the house. If he was knocking, that meant he was buying time.
Tony rubbed the soft fabric between his fingers nervously before softly asking, “Will you—will you tell me how you and Jarvis met again?”
or anything—she was taking projects, swatches of fabric and baskets of thread and needle. And she was going to hold Victor to buying her some souvenirs, too. So she needed the trunks. (She didn’t tell him she was bringing a fourth trunk and would probably buy more in Maine, because his side-eye had been lethal over just three.)
“Jan!” Tony exclaimed, frowning, and took a step toward her. He hadn’t seen her this angry in a long time. He hoped he remembered what to do to calm her down.
Victor went from looking supremely put out to extremely uncomfortable. “Think nothing of it. I won’t miss it.”
Jarvis ran his fingers through his hair again, eyes soft and fond and sad. “You’ve laughed more in the past few months than you did in the rest of the time since your parents died. There’s a lightness in you now.”
Tony saw that the telegram was addressed to Janice Van Dyne and, despite his terror, despite his anxiety and distress, he began to laugh.
Tony blinked at his back in surprise, then finally stepped around him to see what he was looking at. It seemed like the entire town had shown up at the depot. Everyone was goggling up at them like they were one of the displays at the zoo, some looking deliriously happy and others shedding a few tears. Tony remembered, suddenly, what Jim had said at the train station in Chicago—Everyone knows everybody. You can only keep a secret if you don’t share it. Everyone had been trying to find a partner for Steve and hadn’t managed it.
“Throw some butter in the pan and cook small, flat pieces of the dough in it. You can put some olive oil and spices on it or sprinkle it with sugar and nutmeg.” Jarvis shrugged. “I have to do that all the time when Ana cooks.”
“Why that slimy, miserable old miser!” Jan seethed, stomping the length of her room and back again. “That stupid old baboon! That—that
“I’m indisposed,” Tony whispered. The light from the hallway was making his head pound again, and his stomach lurched as he squeezed his eyes shut.
“You have literally done that in front of me,” Tony said after a moment of shock. “You have sat on Hank’s lap in front of me at least twice.”
Ana gaped at him, then narrowed her eyes, lips pursing. Her eyes darted between her husband and the envelopes in her hands. She looked like she was seriously considering slinging the letters at his head.
Tony’s breath hitched, and he allowed himself to hope, drawing himself to sit up straight. “So this isn’t—isn’t something that would make you change your mind?”
“Radioactivity,” Tony deadpanned, unimpressed with her recollection. “We were discussing Henri Becquerel’s discovery of radioactivity.”
“Edwin, don’t be such a stuffed shirt,” Ana teased, but Jarvis began walking for the door. “Honey! Please be reasonable!”
Tony swallowed thickly as he began to fold the letter back up with fumbling fingers and couldn’t help his breath hitching in surprise when something came fluttering off the back of it. “Oh!” He hesitated, then picked up the scrap of paper, fingers trailing over the patch of creamy yellow, like a light smear of lemon chiffon cake. Steve’s looping, lazy scrawl was there, too.
“Ugh, I don’t actually care,” Jan sighed loudly. “It was like listening to Hank talk about ants. I support your endeavors but after an hour you could stand to listening to me bitch about the price of cashmere.”
“I can’t believe that he’s allowed to get away with this! Can’t I have him murdered?!” Jan stopped, gasping, and covered her mouth. “
Ana blinked up at him, surprised, then leaned in to press her face against his neck and breathe. “Edwin…”
Obadiah looked livid, but he also knew better than to question Jarvis on what was and was not proper. Jarvis held propriety in high regard. Even Ezekiel didn’t tangle with him, and Ezekiel had little regard for anything but the allowance he got from his father.
Tony listened to a door open and close, the sound of several pairs of feet walking away under the noise of the train wheels. He closed his eyes and breathed in, counted to ten, and let the breath back out.
Was this the end? Had he celebrated too early? Had Obadiah and whoever he’d hired found them? He tried to become one with the bottom of the trunk and wondered if he should stay still when it opened to lull them into a false sense of security or if he should lunge up and start swinging as soon as it unlocked.
Hank was overjoyed when he learned that he didn’t have to go to Susan’s party. Tony was pretty sure he was so happy that he could have dropped to one knee and actually proposed then and there except then Jan would have told him no for being so completely unromantic. So instead he just happily let Jan drag them around the department store, holding each and every bag and box she was given as she purchased things.
“Well…” Jarvis hummed, tilting his head. “That’s just how long it takes me. It will probably take you longer since you’re not used to it. You can tell you’re finished kneading when the dough is nice and smooth. And if you’re still unsure, you can always poke it with your finger. If the hole fills in quickly, it’s done; if the dent obviously stays, you need to keep at it.”
Jarvis hummed, raising his eyebrows with a smile. “You should ask Steve what his favorite dessert is so I can teach you how to make it.”
“I was living in Budapest,” Ana began slowly, as if walking through the memory, taking her time. “I worked in this little clothes shop, selling ties. And there was… there was the ugliest tie, that I never could get rid of, and I still can’t believe the owner of the shop had dared put it out for sale. It was
Once outside, the reality of the situation hit him. Ezekiel would doubtlessly come for him once he recovered, and he would be pissed. He’d ridden here with Jan in her father’s motorcar, but would the chauffeur take him without Jan? And where would he go? Home? Ezekiel would only follow him, getting madder and madder, and then he’d know the house so Tony wouldn’t even have a chance to hide from him. Jarvis and Ana wouldn’t have a
To her credit, Jan didn’t answer immediately. She pursed her lips as she thought, playing with the curls at the nape of his neck. Tony let his eyes drift closed, enjoying the gentle attention, even though he felt a dull ache when he remembered that his mother had done the same thing, card her fingers through his hair when she was thinking. He missed her.
He paused halfway through rereading Steve’s third letter. It had been sort of romantic, hadn’t it, meeting his future husband through letters. As excited as he was to meet Steve, he’d miss the anticipation of the next letter. He remembered the excitement he’d felt every time he’d held the envelope in his hands, how nervous he’d been before he read the letter, and then how giddy he was after. He wondered if Steve had felt the same way, sitting on pins and needles until he received it. Did he come into town to check for letters, or did someone deliver them? If he came to town, did he open them then and there, or did he wait until he was in the privacy of his home? He sort of hoped that Steve couldn’t wait. He thought that might be cute.
“Steve has made you happy again,” Jarvis said softly. “And I’m wary, of course I am, but… I think he’ll continue to make you happy, Anthony.”
Tony waited until he was sure Jarvis was out of hearing range before laughing out loud. He wondered how much it had cost Jarvis to suggest such a thing. He’d been so offended at the idea originally, and he really was as prim and proper as any of Tony’s teachers at finishing school.
“I’ll tell Hank he doesn’t need to come, and we’ll be each other’s chaperone. How’s that?” Jan asked after some thought.
Tony was thrown by the sudden change in direction and could only manage to utter an inelegant, “Huh?”
Jan scoffed. “No. We figured this would happen, so Daddy had me leave early just in case. But you know, hysterical omegas, always thinking they’re going to be late.”
“Very good,” the driver said. “I will pass by the police station on my way home to pick him up. Ms. Van Dyne, advise your luggage to stop giggling.”
Vernon hovered in the doorway a little longer before turning and handing the carpet bags to one of the maids to take to a guest room. He knew Tony probably wouldn’t sleep in it, but he’d give him the illusion of privacy, if nothing else.
Ana looked taken aback. “Oh, Edwin, you don’t have to stop fixing dishes just because I don’t like them!”
Hank’s expression conveyed that he wouldn’t allow Jan to drive within city limits either, but he wasn’t stupid enough to say the words. “Alright.”
Tony twisted his bracelet around his wrist, frowning. It had been one of his mother’s, a gold bangle with a trio of pink pearls on it. He stared at his bracelet for a long moment before he looked up and said, “I really don’t want to be alone right now.”
“Chicago,” Tony whispered, and couldn’t help hugging himself. He’d been to Chicago once before with his mother, to go shopping, but he didn’t remember much of it. It was kind of terrifying to think about. Then again, most of the last few months had been terrifying to think about. He couldn’t—
Tony sighed and went to go look in her full-length mirror again. “Jan, you know I don’t really like having oh well how do you do.” He turned, eyebrows raised in surprise, and hummed happily when he saw the way the fabric held him just right, making his shoulders look broader and his waist trimmer and—wow, his butt looked fantastic! “Jan, I love it!” he exclaimed, spinning toward her.
“—go,” Tony finished lamely. He stared after them for a moment before returning his attention back to the letter Steve had sent him.
The mansion was no longer his home. He had to keep pushing forward. He had to keep moving toward Steve.
He also wondered about Steve’s friends. Steve had mentioned that they’d been excited about him finding someone. His best friend and partner on the ranch had even insisted on taking Steve’s place taking the cattle to market because he wanted to make sure Steve stayed and replied to any letters he received. That meant that they were invested, right? So they’d want Tony to be happy too? He really wanted them to like him. He hoped he measured up to their expectations, too. He wanted them to think he was good for Steve, like Jim had.
When he started fidgeting, Tony reached out to look through Jan’s correspondence. She’d said that organizing it had helped her when she got stuck on a design. Maybe having something to do with his hands would help ground him, too.
Jan clutched the letter to her chest, tears of her own rolling down her cheeks. She’d known that Tony was miserable, but he’d hidden so much from her—his decline down into this shell of a person had been so gradual she hadn’t really noticed its toll on him until he’d called and asked for her help, sounding hopeful and excited for the first time in… heavens. Years. She had no idea what she could have done to help, but she would have gladly helped shoulder the burden in any way she could, if only being a sympathetic ear for him. He would have done the same thing for her, after all. She felt like she’d failed him.
