” Sherlock gasped with surprise as a sudden wetness took him, his cheeks were soaked in his want and this was all too humiliating, because he hadn’t presented until recently, and now masturbating also meant his omega side was responding to stimulation. Sherlock wasn’t going to stop now; he couldn’t when he was staring at the spread open alpha submissive on the screen.
Moments of silence came after, then the pattering of footsteps, the steps becoming louder as they approached. John stared expectantly at the opening of the living area and when Mrs. Holmes returned embracing the arm of a tall, pale man, John felt the air dispel from his lungs.
"Okay." Sherlock grumbled unhappily. He'd still have to hear his mother talk about what he needed to do for their pups. Sherlock was more than capable of raising his pups without her input.
John watched Sherlock from within the living room. Sherlock was seated at the kitchen table, currently journaling his observations of whatever was in his petri dishes. John smiled softly at his husband; there could be an earthquake and Sherlock wouldn't even notice with how focused he was. This, John determined, was the perfect time.
Lowering his pelvis, John's engorged cock weighed itself heavily against Sherlock's, small in contrast, cock. Sherlock's eyes shut, lips parting in a voiceless cry as John ground down, the hard rigidness of his girth compressed around the length of his own.
Not wishing to further indulge in this nonsensicality conversation, Sherlock headed in the direction of the wedding party. John stared after the omega and released a huff of breath, just a little frustrated.
John’s and Sherlock’s heads snapped up and over to the smugly grinning gentleman before them. John stilled his struggle and allowed their connected hands to rest on his lap.
Reluctant as he was, Sherlock allowed himself to be pulled into the alpha's arms. His head resting near the underside of the alpha's chin, nose pressed near the alpha's Adam's apple. Sherlock was sure if he wasn't always breathing through his mouth whenever near the alpha, the man's scent would be overwhelming.
John hated that Irene could read him so easily. He hated even more her last observation… that Sherlock didn’t care. The smile she sent John’s way after observing such, told him Irene was going to try and take the place he should have inhabited.
"Haven't picked out names yet. Were you waiting for me?" John glanced up at Sherlock from where he was kneeling on the floor.
"I want this." Sherlock needed to say it. He needed to reassure the alpha that he wasn't forcing himself on the omega. "I didn't want my heat, but...
"Come here and kiss me. Please John? Come here." Sherlock pled, unbelievably exhausted, though he hadn't done much of anything.
John searched Sherlock’s eyes for some sign, something that would answer his many questions, but only found troubled relief. It was a confusing combination and he was unsure what to make of it.
John looked so peaceful, even in the fog of Sherlock’s heat and his evident arousal. He appeared joyful. Sherlock couldn’t stop the smile from spreading across his lips and he didn’t want to when he deduced why.
Oh, that was good. More than good. Wonderful. Blessedly wonderful, because Sherlock seriously needed John to fuck him. Now.
John nodded, eyes lowering to stare at the alpha’s shirt, knowing that blemished alabaster skin lay under the fine clothing.
Mycroft quickly moved to stand at the back of his desk, staggering in his movements, pain of his wounded shoulder weakening him, but then he pressed a button under his desk and several seconds later eight agents entered.
"Victor, please, calm down." John reasoned. This was getting out of hand. Sherlock was pregnant and John worried Victor might direct the deserving anger from John to Sherlock.
"Don't be petty, Sherlock." Mycroft admonished. "Stop being so stubborn. I don't want to, but if you make me, I will have you put on lockdown."
No words left John’s lips as he stared at his alpha, his husband, who’d loved him for fourteen years. Who’d protected him and watched over him in secret for so long. Sherlock had always been there and John never knew. He never realized the deepness of Sherlock’s feelings, but now that he did, he knew he couldn’t lose him.
“You…” John pressed a hand over his mouth, holding whatever words might have been released, because a sudden clenching of his heart had him nearing tears. Their marriage was in ruins. They were arguing. Sherlock was angry with him. Still, none of it could stop the joy steadily building at the realization that was making itself known.
"No! No, I don't want this. Let me die in peace. Let me die!" Sherlock screamed with desperation. Mycroft's agents who'd been standing quietly on the sidelines, immediately were at his sides. One at each side, took hold of an arm, so that the true alpha could release Sherlock. Another agent grabbed a handful of his hair and yanked it back and held the bottom of his chin to tilt his neck enough to expose his left side and scent gland to the alpha that was to lay his claim.
Mycroft had risen from his chair, apparently having said all he needed to, and left the brooding Sherlock to his thoughts. John had followed Mycroft out of the house, where an unmarked black car was waiting for him.
John’s behavior became increasingly worse, in that John became all the more nice. John routinely began cleaning Sherlock’s science equipment, polishing his violin, oiling his bow, taking Sherlock’s clothes to the dry cleaners and picking them up, buying Sherlock’s favorite biscuits from his favorite French bakery clear across town, assisting Sherlock putting on his coat and scarf before he’d head out the flat, and it only got worse.
John stepped back out of the room, wandered back into the kitchen and absentmindedly began cleaning the mess on the floor. His thoughts continued down the excruciating path it had moments earlier.
“Oh!” John moaned, arching off the bed, moaning once again, his legs trembled by the sudden jolts of gratifying heat running through him, electrifying and all consuming.
Taking a deep breath, Mycroft opened the door and walked in, finding one Gregory Lestrade seated at his desk, overlooking a file. His eyes didn't move up from the papers, obviously expecting whoever it was to speak, but Mycroft did not.
"Victor." John whimpered, because the scent of the omega's distress hurt his heart. God, John had been such a fool. He'd been so wrong.
“The newspapers were right all along. I want you to tell Lestrade, I want you to tell Mrs. Hudson and Molly. In fact, tell anyone who will listen to you. That I created Moriarty for my own purposes.”
The horse made a soft noise, its head turning to take him in all the more and it shifted closer. Taking this as a good sign, John ran his hand down the length of the horse’s side and chuckled softly when the horse twisted around and now his nose was pressing into John’s hand, sniffing raucously.
Although he rather loved that idea and knew he’d feel ultimate satisfaction from the arrogant ponce’s death, Sherlock couldn’t do it. No, he
“Yes. I— I hate to ask this of you, but do you think you could stay with John? Keep watch over him, you’re a beta and his heat would have no affect on you.”
John stilled his movement for one brief moment, his mind was fogging over with lust, but still a part of him was begging his omega instincts to stop, to not go further, that this was
How could a bound omega do this themself? It was wrong. Sherlock bit him, the scar on his neck evidence he was mated, yet he’d been rejected. Was this how Sherlock felt every time he’d rejected him?
A crash had John’s head snapping up in surprise, finding Sherlock had thrown the coffee table across the room, breaking it, and the alpha was now glaring at John in a way that sent the beta’s heart pounding.
Victor raised his gaze from the ground and flashed a weak smile. Victor smiled a lot, and where John found that an annoying trait from most, strangely enough Victor looked the best with a smile on.
John moved deeper into his room and seated himself on the foot of his bed, shucking his clothing to the floor and burying his head in his hands.
“I won’t do anything of that nature… Not right now. I just… You weren’t having a good time and I didn’t want you to lose your temper and cause a scene. Now we don’t have to go back to the party.” Sherlock explained gently, wandering over to a door that when he opened revealed a walk-in closet full of designer clothing and three of his suitcases.
“Three years ago I successfully proved to Lestrade at the time of a particularly vicious triple murder that Angelo was in a completely different part of town, house-breaking.”
Lying down in bed, John raised the sheets and buried himself under them. Pressing his face into the pillow to silence the hiccupping cries that dispelled as he wept in the darkness of the room he’d resigned himself to sleeping in once more.
John hushed Sherlock’s pained admission with tender chaste kisses, raining them over Sherlock’s needy lips. Pulling back, he planted his hands against Sherlock’s chest, fingers twiddling and weaving through the soft hair.
“Was John Watson worth this shame?” Mycroft ranted, palming his mouth, unable to get his head around the truth. How he’d been blind of Sherlock’s actions and because of it, Sherlock had done what he could not fix.
“John… please, don’t cry.” Sherlock whined, feeling helpless, unsure what to do to calm John. A tentative hand pressed against John’s back and gracelessly ran over John’s back, Sherlock’s other hand cradled the back of his head, bringing him in closer and allowing John to lean heavily against him.
"Like you're any better." Sherlock contemplated as John shakily walked them towards the omega's bedroom. Sherlock bit back a whine and did all he could not to wiggle too much, the feel of his cock pressing against a strong shoulder was near maddening. Sherlock's bedroom was closer and John could hardly walk himself, but he would do this for his omega. There was no way he'd allow them to lose their virginity on the kitchen floor. He and Sherlock were worth more than that.
Life without Sherlock had been lonesome, dull, and paining. With Sherlock... John felt… not necessarily at peace, but… better, stronger, loved. Sherlock was always there for him, always within reach. If John needed affection, Sherlock gave it. If John wanted space, Sherlock gave it. If John needed, Sherlock gave and gave and gave.  Always giving, always, never asking… Well, except for John to stay and he would. John would stay with Sherlock for the rest of their lives and if Sherlock were to leave this world before him, John would soon follow, because a world without Sherlock wasn’t a world John could live in.
“Obviously yes,” the brunet retorted.  He popped a piece of garlic shrimp into his mouth and tilted his head in puzzlement.  “Problem?”
There was a decided pause on the other end of the line, before Molly's tentative voice came through.  "Mr. Scott?  It's Molly.  Um…I don't know what time you normally get up, but here, the cook serves breakfast at six…It's almost six fifty…would you like me to save you a plate?  I noticed you didn't make it to dinner yesterday…are you feeling okay?"
Exhaling, Sherlock pulled the cue back and let it fly.  The cue ball shot forward, kissing two different balls on the way by before sending the designated ball neatly into the specified pocket.  He made several more shots, sinking various balls, but deliberately missed the last one.  Feigning a disgusted huff, Sherlock straightened up and looked over to where John was sitting, his mouth hanging open.  "John?"
," Sherlock stressed the last word, "is that based on the damage to the stall, something frightened Devil's Blaze badly.  He remains extremely frightened of humans, to the extent that he attempts to attack the ones responsible for his food and care.  I also know that he attacked Joe Straker first.  Any injuries that Straker inflicted on the stallion were done in self defence."
Halfway through the first song, Sherlock felt himself relax.  It was odd to realize that he was actually having fun.  The lyrics were idiotic in the extreme—something about cowboys 'cowboying up' all night long set to a heavy bass line, but it was worth enduring the aural assault to watch John turn and twist and sway and laugh.  It also became a game to see if he could anticipate the moves before John's hissed instructions.  By the time the second song was complete, Sherlock was openly laughing, delighting in John's appreciative winks and seeing if he could impress John with a fancy bit of footwork lifted from his tango lessons.
The walls that Sherlock could see were painted in varying shades of pale yellow; they were marred with old nail holes, scuffs and one or two irregularly textured spots where somebody had obviously tried to patch a spot, given up halfway through and slapped some new paint on in a bid to make it halfway presentable.  Bulletin boards of varying sizes and styles crammed with papers added visual clutter.  Modular carpet tiles in light tan, interspersed with regular blocks of darker brown covered the floor.  Likely some idiot designer's attempt at making the dated building feel 'trendy'.  The use of modular tiles was logical; it was far more economical to replace individual tiles stained by the inevitable coffee accident, though their overall threadbare condition made it clear that aesthetics were not high on the priority list.  There were no cubicles.  Instead rows of desks lined the space and, despite the late hour, the room's inhabitants were moving in a state of subdued pandemonium.  Sherlock could see police officers filling out paperwork at their desks and answering phone calls.  One woman, a dispatcher judging by the headset she was wearing was hurrying down the bull pen's main aisle, clutching a large Styrofoam cup of coffee in her left hand.  An older man, probably close to retirement based on the size of his belly, Sherlock judged, was walking the other way, several cardboard boxes labeled 'The Donut Stop' carried in his arms.  Observation complete, Sherlock turned his attention to the detective he would be meeting shortly, determined to deduce what he could through the open doorway of her office.
.  Four minutes and forty-eight seconds; the time that it took to properly play Heinrich Wilhelm Ernst's '
"Oh, there's a multitude of methods," Sherlock replied absently, picking up the file to start thumbing through Donovan's records.  "Orally is probably the simplest.  Sweet cob can be dusted with powdered morphine just as easily as it can be with vitamins.  Administering a substance via injection is also a possibility.  Quite a few horse owners are familiar with the way to properly perform an intramuscular or subcutaneous injection on their animal.  Drugs can also be given intravenously, though that is not recommended unless the party in question possesses adequate equine medical training."
The lack of a birth certificate for Sterndale was puzzling.  Granted, there were plenty of orphans and abandoned children in various countries that lacked such basic paperwork, but it seemed strange for a man so wealthy and educated not to have one.  It was almost as if Sterndale had never existed prior to his emigrating to the U.S.  Was it possible the original documents had been lost during one of the numerous periods of civil unrest that plagued the continent?  If so, then why hadn't they been replaced?
"Mmmmm…I'll want copies of their statements when you've interviewed them," Sherlock told her, pointedly ignoring Donovan's snort of disagreement.  Setting the folders aside for later perusal he picked up the first envelope instead.  He opened it, pulling out the sheaf of photographs within.  Sherlock quickly flipped through the stack, ignoring the images of Devil's Blaze that he had already seen in favor of the forensic pictures of the scene.  "Here," Sherlock began, pulling one free and laying it face up on Donovan's desk.  "Do you see?" Sherlock demanded, pointing at the damaged tie ring.  "Devil's Blaze, like most horses, was halter-broke—trained to stand quietly when tied—" he explained at Donovan's look of incomprehension.  "Pulling back or rearing is dangerous, yet something clearly frightened him enough that he ignored his training."  Sherlock shuffled through the stack again and laid a second photo down beside the first.  "It would be easier to show this in the actual stall, but needs must. Devil's Blaze repeatedly tried to rear, eventually pulling the lead-line loose.  He backed up into the corner of the stall and reared at least once—strands of his mane and tail are caught in the wood—before lashing out and downward at the perceived threat, which, in this case, was Straker.  From what I can determine, Straker was standing beside the door where he backed up for safety when Blaze began to struggle, but he didn't make it out of the stall for whatever reason.  You can see the angle and the impact of horse's hooves when he came down and the resulting splatter," Sherlock explained, quickly pointing out the pattern of blood splatter and dents marring the stall's walls.  This injury—" Sherlock selected another photograph and placed it beside the others, "—was caused by a curry comb.  The concentric circular pattern of the wounds on the horse's belly, legs and chest is a dead giveaway.  Not a weapon per se, but something one might use reflexively to strike a horse that attacked them.  If Straker had struck first, the wounds would have been to the horse's face.  He fell here," Sherlock continued, pointing at the streak against the bottom of one wall, "and grabbed some sort of rake or shovel handle which he used to club Devil's Blaze across the face when he lunged down to bite him.  Ultimately, however, Straker was overwhelmed by Blaze's repeated attacks and once he either lost conscious or expired, the stallion continued pummeling his body into pulp."  Sherlock regrouped the laid out photographs and returned them to their initial stack.  "Short of being exposed to a mare in acute estrus, this is not typical stallion behavior, especially since Joe Straker was an experienced horseman with enough experience to not challenge a stallion for dominance.  So," Sherlock concluded, "I have told you what I have deduced.  What can you tell me about the case?"
"You'd probably scream and fall over backwards too if a deer suddenly exploded from between your legs."
"How dare you talk to my daughter that way—" Mr. Tregennis interrupted, cutting Sherlock's tirade short.
"I'm impressed, Detective Donovan," Sherlock said grudgingly.  "I'll admit, I wasn't expecting to encounter a law enforcement official quite so…competent out here."
Donovan's expression was uncompromising.  "I repeat, you will follow the regs, or you will be barred."
"Right," John confirmed with a firm nod.  "In that case, I know what we're doing next time we're someplace relatively private.  Meanwhile, here's the bull barn," John announced unnecessarily with an expansive gesture.
Relegating Candii Ross's mutters of "mmmm" and the sounds of her typing to the back of his mind, Sherlock turned to survey the rest of the room.  His first impression was that the entire space was arranged to subtly intimidate visitors with understated displays of wealth, rather than provide comfort to the primary occupant.  It reminded him of nothing so much as one of Mycroft's offices.
"You as well," the foreman returned.  "Natalie Tsedaa', but you can call me Nat."  She raised her hand, waving over the two men and Molly.  "This is Silas Brown," she said, indicating the lanky man with a shock of white-blond hair, "and this is Socorro Valdez," she continued, pointing at the short, Hispanic man with a long mustache.  "You've already met Molly."
"Please," Sherlock agreed fervently.  The last thing he wanted to do was spend the evening reeking of sour yeast.  He also knew from unpleasant past experience how fast wet pants could chafe sensitive skin.  "I'll be back," Sherlock announced vaguely before hurrying off in the direction the waitress had indicated.
Sherlock flicked an eyebrow, wordlessly communicating to the teenager that she should continue explaining.
"It is," Sherlock replied, resigning himself to the tediousness of small talk.  He pulled up his mental database of England's counties and compared them against the few images of Western Montana that he'd Googled while waiting in the airport.  Cumbria was a close enough approximation.  Lies were always easier to believe if they incorporated a kernel of truth.  "I'm from Western Montana, which is near the Rocky Mountains.  It's not flat there like it is in Eastern Montana," Sherlock continued, reaching into the toolbox and removing a spare elastic bungee.  "My home is just off of the shores of a large lake, and the trees are quite tall.  In the mornings and evenings, you can see the snow reflecting the light off of the mountains in the distance.  For most of the year, that is.  The snowpack melts during the summer months."
"Long 'nough ta make a white boy like you jealous," the guard replied with a good-natured leer.  "Whatcha need?  You docterin' or ridin' today?"
," Sherlock said indignantly, trying to distract John from his inexcusable slip-up.  "Surely you've noticed that.  I would never wear something as undignified as silk
Molly crossed her arms around herself and tilted her head, her expression pensive.  "Captain Lestrade must have been very worried…you're up awfully early for a Monday morning."
"What?" Sherlock demanded inanely, still blinking rapidly as he tried to process what had happened.  He pulled out his mobile and stared at the screen: sure enough, there were two missed calls.
Donovan gave him an exasperated look.  "So you've said.  Repeatedly.  The fact that you aren't on the payroll makes that kind of hard to swing by the brass, though."  Sherlock glowered, and Donovan held up a hand.  "I didn't say it was impossible—I'm waiting on a phone call back, but in the meantime, you'll just have to cool your heels."
"That was beautiful," John breathed when Sherlock finally lifted the bow from the strings and the last notes faded away.
"John?" Sherlock asked, pitching his voice low and hesitant.  He reached out and rested his fingertips lightly at the base of John's spine, noting the way John froze at Sherlock's touch.  "I'm not intoxicated," Sherlock continued, watching John's Adam's apple bob.  "And watching you lick your lips has been very distracting...Would it...would it be okay to kiss you?" Sherlock asked, allowing the infliction of his voice to communicate his fear of rejection.  He stubbornly ignored the small part of his mind that was busy screaming that this might be a Bad Idea.  It was just his transport, after all.  It wouldn't be the first time he'd used it as a tool to seduce information or favors out of suspects.
"Got it.  Do you mind holding my wood?"  Without waiting for Sherlock's response, John tossed his pool cue over.
"Fine."  Sherlock strode back to where John was waiting and resumed his seat with a huff.  John was slowly typing out a message on his phone, his mouth set in a moue of concentration.  With a sigh, Sherlock reached out, picked up the astronomy magazine and began flipping through it, hoping to stave off boredom.  He was about halfway through an article on the obliquity of the ecliptic when the sound of a throat clearing caused him to look up and meet John's gaze.
Sherlock raised his left eyebrow, communicating silently how idiotic he found John's suggestion.  John did not seem fazed.
"Semantics, Holmes," Donovan interrupted impatiently, cutting Sherlock's lecture short.  "I know all about the perils of jumping to conclusions based on circumstantial evidence and prosecutors twisting facts to convict innocent people."  The dark expression on her face hinted at something in her past.  "You also gave me your 'theories' lecture last time we met," Donovan continued brusquely.  "Your
Pride.  Pride coupled with self-consciousness and an ingrained sense of fairness, Sherlock observed, easily recognizing the tells.  Useful, but also inconvenient.  "How about you buy the next one?" Sherlock asked, purposely biting his lower lip and widening his eyes almost imperceptibly as he gave John an out.
Seeing it, John flushed and hurried to explain.  "On his desk.  I spotted a prescription Donepezil, which is a Cholinesterase inhibitor commonly prescribed for Alzheimer's to help treat memory loss.  I recognized it because it's the same stuff the doctors prescribed it to my Gram before she died.  Sterndale's misdiagnosis makes a lot more sense in hindsight, considering poor judgement is one of the classic symptoms of Alzheimer's"
Opening the heavy steel gate by hauling on the rope tied to the horizontal bars wasn’t an easy job.  It also carried its own risks from being so close to where the action started.  For horses, the gateperson had to haul the gate open to form a ninety-degree angle.  They also had to be consistent at doing it in order to give every rider a fair chance, because the speed at which the gate opened also influenced the direction that the horse took out of the chute.
"Nothing much,” John admitted with a disgusted grimace.  I've noticed a slightly higher percentage of fatal wrecks from bulls that either belong to Sterndale or were sired by one of his bulls.  Not that that really means anything, since breeders will cheerfully pay anywhere from a couple hundred to several thousand dollars for a straw of bull semen—Like Bushwacker's—if they think it'll produce a champion worth several hundred grand."
Sherlock had protested.  Vehemently.  Unfortunately—despite his multiple attempts to break free—Sherlock had been unable to escape, victimized by both John’s greater strength and his own, suddenly-uncooperative transport.
"Animal rights activists?" Donovan repeated.  "Why the hell would you suspect them?  I mean, I know what Kitty Riley posted on her blog, but there's nothing else linking her to Candii Ross."
, Sherlock thought begrudgingly as he watched two laughing women walk by, their mouths liberally smeared with strawberry sauce, ice cream and hundreds-and-thousands topping the fried...somethings they were sharing from the paper bowl one woman held.  Even the most sugar-frosted, saturated-fat-stuffed-item on offer would be less off-putting than Natto, Balut, or—God forbid—Casu Marzu.  Still, foodstuffs interfered with his brainwork.  "I'm feeling a bit parched," Sherlock announced.  "How does a cold cherry lime ditch sound?"  He wasn't thirsty, not really, but the lie might buy him a few minutes of respite from Molly's cheerful prattle.  Plus a sudden infusion of glucose might counteract the residual sluggishness from the lunch he'd been forced to consume.
Despite Sherlock's best efforts to convince the stallion to trust him, Devil's Blaze repeatedly tried to slow and turn his hindquarters to Sherlock in a warning to back off, or else tried to move away from the fence in preparation for a sideways cow kick.  Each time he did, it forced Sherlock to preempt the stallion's attack by either stamping his feet and dashing at the stallion's rump to make him speed up again, or throwing an arm up and ordering Devil's Blaze to change direction while urging him on with loud clicking noises.  From time to time, Sherlock command the horse to stop and watched him for a few moments, attempting to convey that he was not a threat, only to have the stallion rush at him, beginning the entire process over again under the hot sun.  Finally the horse finally stumbled to a stop at Sherlock's request and just stood there with his head lowered, sides heaving, clearly to worn out to do much more than watch Sherlock warily.
Donovan blew out a frustrated breath and stared at the ceiling.  "Let me make some calls, see if I can call in a few favors.  I'll call you once I know."
"The only encounter I have had that was remotely suspicious was with a rodeo clown named Fizzy Simpson—he wanted inside information about your bucking horses.  I refused, of course.  When I mentioned the encounter to Edith, she said that he tried to do that with all of your staff."
John gave him a look, his disbelief clear.  "Billy, I watched that horse spend a good thirty minutes charging at you.  You can't tell me that that's exactly loving behavior."
Private terror warred with anticipation, sending Sherlock’s pulse skyrocketing.  He'd seen the videos of some of John's rides on YouTube, but there were many displays of skill that lost certain nuances when seen on a screen: listening to an exquisite violin concerto being performed by a virtuoso in person was far superior to listening to it on a recording.  It was the difference between seeing a video of the Lipizzaner stallions executing their world-renowned 'airs above the ground' and actually sitting in the stands of the Spanish Riding School in Vienna.  Of listening to a horse race on the radio, versus standing in the winner’s circle.  Preservation and broader distribution were wonderful for those that couldn’t be physically present, but the experience was still a pale shadow of being immersed in the environment and witnessing something firsthand.
"Fair enough.  That's why I hired you, after all."  Turning away, Candii pulled out her phone and pressed a number on speed-dial.  "Nat?  What barn ya in?"
"Mostly by making the correct thing easy, and the wrong behavior difficult.  Once he's wearing a halter, I'll be able to—Oh, two limeades please," Sherlock said abruptly, realizing that they'd finally arrived at the window
"I am not," Edith grumbled.  She bent down and braced her hands on her bent knees, stretching out some of the muscles in her back.  "Ow.  Whoever I hook up with tonight better be as good at back rubs as givin' me a ride."  Edith straightened up with an audible 'pop' and twisted from side to side in an attempt to work the kinks out of her back.  "As it is, I'm gonna have trouble walkin' tomorrow," she complained.
Sherlock arched his back, the better to feel the breeze against his skin.  "You're so sensitive," John murmured, as Sherlock brought his hands up and began smoothing them over his chest, the traces of oil making everything faintly slick and damp, the way he imagined John's mouth and tongue would be.
Sherlock stood there blinking like an idiot before giving his head a sharp shake, as if the motion would realign his thoughts away from the image of John metaphorically devouring him.  He pushed open the lab door, only to stop short.  Anderson was standing on the other side, studying Sherlock with the same, intent focus that Sherlock lavished on unusual chemical signatures.
"Exercise-induced pulmonary hemorrhage," Sherlock translated.  "During strenuous exercise, it isn't uncommon for some capillaries in the lungs to burst in what is called pulmonary capillary stress failure.  Surveys done in the past have identified the problem in eighty-two percent of racehorses older than three years old.  The blood flow isn't significant enough to be worrisome.  It should stop completely within the next ten minutes or so—what?" Sherlock demanded, seeing that John had left off examining the horse and was staring at him intently.
He repeated the exercise, gradually working his closer until he was standing almost shoulder to shoulder with the horse.  Murmuring reassurances all the while, Sherlock stretched his right hand out and laid it gently on the stallion's neck, not petting, just touching.  He waited.  The stallion's skin rippled in response to the touch and his ears flicked, but otherwise he didn't move.
"Heh.  As you wish," John husked, reaching out with his left hand.  He wrapped his palm and fingers around Sherlock's cock to hold the base of the condom in place and gave it a little squeeze before dropping down again to take the head of Sherlock's shaft in his mouth.
"Dull," Sherlock sniffed dismissively, waving a hand.  He had no need for pop culture references in his line of work and absorbing the knowledge would only take up valuable space on his mental hard drive.  "Focusing back on the case, there are countless substances that are smoked by individuals wishing to experience their effects: marijuana, peyote, cocaine, phenylcyclohexyl piperidine, methamphetamine...Some substances—while they produce no negative effects when used in small amounts—can produce violent or aggressive behavior if the user exceeds the recommended dosage.  Don't you see?  It's the only explanation that makes sense!"
"For starters, there is the way he confirmed my rather leading statements about Devil's Blaze being abnormally aggressive."
The stallion's lumbosacral joint was ideally placed to give the stallion's legs a fantastic range of motion.  It no doubt contributed to his ability to buck.  Massively powerful hindquarters promised both height and distance for jumps.
John raised and lowered one shoulder.  "Yeah.  When I can, that is.  It kind of depends on who's hosting."
Which meant something else was going on, Sherlock thought with sudden excitement.  Possibly something interesting that would justify Mycroft's unwelcome presence.  Rolling over, Sherlock sat up and took a moment to actually observe his elder brother.
"No sir," Brenda replied, shaking her head emphatically.  "I mean, any horse can get cranky, but she seemed almost afraid of going to the barn."
"  As was the one after it.  All told, there were five letters, each stressing the importance of animal welfare and the potential sanctions if accusations of abuse were verified.
"Fuck, every cattleman on the circuit's heard of Sterndale's bulls.  A lot of breeders would give an arm and a leg to work with him, but he's real secretive about his ranch and breeding program.  Maybe he's afraid someone'll try stealin' his secrets, or something, mebbe put him out of business."
Sherlock's brow wrinkled in confusion.  Was this some sort of Americanism?  Granted, he hadn't been paying as much attention to his should have been to local dining customs.  "Err...sweet?"  He could always add more sugar later, if he needed to.
"Hush you," John scolded as he gave his hair one final, cursory brush with his fingers to make his fringe lie flat.  "Yes, you gave her the initial idea, but Molly's the one who developed the research, documented the results and arranged the trials.  Molly's the one who performed the controlled experiments and wrote the reports.  I've read the article she got published in the BMJ—British Medical Journal, in case you've deleted that acronym—," John added, ignoring Sherlock's sneer.  "Molly gives you credit for the inspiration, but since she's the one that did the actual work, she's the one that deserves to be recognized."
Sherlock's lip curled involuntarily, before he managed to school his face back into 'Billy's' easygoing expression.  "I'll take your word for it," Sherlock replied with studied neutralness.  "I'm...not used to spending a great deal of time in the company of other humans, let alone those who actively seek my company."
"Observant man," Sherlock mused aloud, running his left index finger absently along his lower lip.  "He also sounds moderately qualified to hold his medical degree.  Opiates do have a history of abuse in the racing industry and are infamous for making a horse go quote, berserk, unquote.  I'm impressed that a military vet would be aware of their symptoms and side effects.  What happened next?"
"Seven ball, center pocket," Sherlock called out.  Deliberately, he stretched out over the pool table angling his denim-clad arse back to where he knew John was watching with ill-disguised interest.  Narrowing his eyes, Sherlock calculated the radius and mass of the pool balls, the distance, angles and Newtonian Laws he would be using.  Pulling the cue back, Sherlock made several trial shots, miming an unmistakably sexual thrust with the motion of the pool cue.  Behind him, he heard John take a nervous swallow of his beer.  Perfect.  Exhaling, Sherlock pulled the cue back, before letting it fly.  The cue ball shot forward, ricocheting off of two different balls before sending the designated ball neatly into the specified pocket.  Smirking, Sherlock straightened up and looked over to where John was sitting, his mouth hanging open.  "John?"
"What about bull riding?" Sherlock pressed, trying to subtly redirect the conversation so he had an excuse to discuss John's search history.  "I've heard that it's even more exciting and challenging than Bronco riding.  It seems like something that would be right up your alley.  Do you have any experience with that?"
So there I am, muttering dire things at my current draft of Chapter 4 for rodeo!lock and paying half-a-mind to the chat antics of my fellow writers in
"Hush, now.  Just be patient," John chided, but the smile evident in his voice made it clear it was for pretend, rather than with any real heat.  "Don't worry.  I'm going to take
Sherlock's queasiness intensified as John reached over and gently brushed a curl away from his eyes: for some reason, the casual gesture felt far more intimate than John sucking his cock.  John had said he liked 'Billy' but would what might happen if John learned who 'Billy' really was?  Would he like
"While the many facets of barrel racing are no doubt fascinating for those involved, we do have a schedule to keep," Sherlock announced abruptly, ignoring the warning glare Donovan slanted at him.  "Moving on," Sherlock continued, fixing his gaze on Brenda, "what can you tell me about Cream Soda's diet?  Did she stay on the same feeding regimen year round, or did you compensate the protein/roughage ratio during the off season?"  It was unlikely that overfeeding was the issue, but he'd encountered more than once among inexperienced owners; it only made sense to eliminate all possible reasons for sudden behavioral changes.  He'd once overheard a livery-yard employee describe giving high-protein soybean meal to a pet horse as 'sticking high-octane dynamite up a thoroughbred's arse and lighting it'.  While high-octane dynamite didn't technically exist, he nevertheless understood the sentiment the handler was expressing.  Overfeeding and under-exercising could make even the most mild horse go stir-crazy with boredom.
At Molly's offended look, John hurried to explain, a flush darkening his fair cheeks.  "Sorry, um…sorry!" His expression was chagrined as he held his hands up in a pacifying gesture.  "I'm not talking about women, professional or otherwise," he hurriedly clarified.  "I'm talking about bulls.  Horses can be damn ornery but bulls are vicious, and they seem to have gotten worse in the last few years or so.  Worst that can happen with a bronco is you'll get throwed-sorry, thrown," he corrected himself, "-and maybe kicked.  A hooker'll bury his horns in your ribs.  My buddy Murray, he only got out of the hospital a few weeks ago after one bull got him with one of his horns and stomped on him for good measure.  The barrelmen and bullfighters barely got him out alive."
The cowboy finished spitting out a mouthful of dirt and wiped his mouth clean as he walked off the field, head pulled down low over his face.  At the sidelines, he was greeted with commiserating back slaps from the other bulldoggers who’d already competed.
.  "Riding has always been a form of escape for me.  Out there, on the prairie—" he narrowly avoided using the word 'moor' "—I could be alone, away from everybody else and their idiocy."
Brenda chewed on her bottom lip, clearly struggling to recall.  "I think there might have been a reporter interviewing people there?  She moved around a lot...I didn't talk to her, so I don't know what station she was with, but maybe she saw something strange?"
With a growl, John used his pelvis and chest to back Sherlock against the nearest cabinet.  The flat palm of his left hand came up to thread through the curls at the nape of Sherlock's neck, making a fist and tilting Sherlock's head to one side, while his right hand took a firm grip on Sherlock's left arsecheek and squeezed.  When Sherlock opened his mouth to gasp, John sealed his mouth over Sherlock's, his tongue slipping between Sherlock's lips to plunder the inside of his mouth.
Donovan looked up at the clock and made a face.  "Moving along," she began as she picked up the top file, labeled P11235813 - COPY and shoved it towards Sherlock.  "We've got a bit under an hour before our video conference call with Brenda Tregennis.  Officer Gregory, from the Flagstaff PD, finally sent me a copy of the police report, his witness statements, scene photographs and a copy of the equine necropsy for the barrel racer's horse.  Only took him a few weeks to get it to me, the arrogant prick," Donovan added in an undertone, plainly not meant to be overheard.
"Yeah," John's replied ruefully.  He raised and lowered both shoulders as he blew out a deep breath.  "I know how that goes.  If things had worked out differently, I might have been a fourth-generation rancher.  But, well, sometimes life has ways of throwing you curveballs and you just have to make the best of the situation."  John looked sad for a moment, before purposely assuming a cheerful facade.  "Course, if I'd been a rancher, instead of a vet, I might never have met you—and that would be one hell of a shame," John continued with a cheesy wink.  "Play me another?"
Sherlock pressed his fingertips together and pursed his lips, mentally replaying Brenda's words against the photographs of the scene he'd studied, looking for some hint that he'd overlooked.  Brenda's use of the word 'scared' was important, especially in light of Devil's Blaze's own behavior, and it made sense for a terrified horse to attack a perceived threat.  "Describe the scent of the smoke," Sherlock said abruptly.
most successful British dressage rider in the history of the sport—had been placing in show jumping competitions hosted by her local Pony Club chapter at the tender age of three, but there was still a world of difference between the albeit present, (though somewhat constrained), form of danger presented by show jumping and the raw risk of riding a bucking horse sans helmet.  A chill slithered down his spine at the thought of how easily John Watson could have died before they ever met.
"Talk?" Sherlock repeated.  He didn't care if the repetition made him sound inane; he was more than a little irked that his brilliant plan to shove John against the nearest vertical surface and snog him within an inch of his life was being thwarted.
"Indeed."  The value of his own, beloved Guarneri certainly fit that criteria, though the insured value was far eclipsed by his sentimental attachment to the instrument and the memories it invoked of Daddy's playing and his beloved first teacher, Mr. Mancini.  "Did you have any cases involving psychopathic bovines?" Sherlock asked, deliberately changing the topic.
"Hmmmm," Sherlock replied, following Old Wayne up the steps of the porch and through the door the older man courteously held open for him, before following him to the staff dining room.  They paused at the door.  The old man tilted his head at Molly's seated form and winked, before giving Sherlock a hearty clap on the shoulder and striding away.
“I don’t know!” Shutting his eyes, Sherlock noticeably took in deep, slow breaths, trying to calm himself.
At first Sherlock was unaware those words had been projected. Then completely stunned when he realized that it hadn't come from John, but himself. Sherlock never even thought such things within the privacy of his mind, but now, contemplating the meaning of his words, he could find no fault in them. They rang true.
"You love him still." Mary said what John knew to be truth one evening as the omega lay himself on the sofa and Mary sat across from him on a chair.
"Oh!" Sherlock hollered, throwing his head back to stare wide eyed at the ceiling when John's free hand gripped his cock and began stroking him quick and hard. A moment later, Sherlock screamed, cock splashing John's chest with his milk, his entrance squirting clear warm slick and wetting John's cock with it.
Groaning happily into the kiss, Sherlock released his hold of the sheets and cupped John's head, drawing him closer, deeper still. One of John's hands stroked his stomach with love, his other remained where it was, supporting and balancing himself over Sherlock.
John. He'd be givin up his feelings for John and that was absolutely devastating, but living this way... Seeing the man he loved, who he thought he could have everything with... have that everything with someone else was far worse.
“If that is what love is, then I’m glad I have never loved.” John grumbled angrily, staring across the park.
Even now, knowing the surmountable differences between them, John wanted to keep Victor close, develop a strong friendship with him. Sherlock wouldn't be pleased, John knew this, but for once John felt happy. He had someone who understood his pains, who wanted to know him, who wouldn't hide away in their mind palace when things got tense. John wanted Victor, someone who could be just his, his escape from the stressors of his life and he didn't want Sherlock to find out.
flat (it would always be theirs), Sherlock couldn’t think of any other way he could get to John. Every time he’d boarded a plane Mycroft was tipped off. No matter what alias or disguise he’d used, Mycroft always caught on just before Sherlock made it to John’s location and he’d miss his chance. Sherlock thought by calling John with an untraceable phone and explaining himself, John would realize the truth. That he would follow his orders to ensure that they could meet up with his brother being none the wiser, but no… John wouldn’t even listen to him.
"Are all of you Texans so obliging to strangers in need?" Sherlock asked as he followed John through the crowd.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, puzzled and slightly suspicious of the amount of detail his simple question invoked, considering how succinct Sterndale's replies had generally been.  Before he could comment, however, John jumped in, effectively derailing Sherlock's train of thought.
was the one keeping James away, even though James himself had told his mother he would stop seeing her and why.  Respond and...what?  Open up a fresh can of worms?  Even though Angela had learned the truth in August, was she still convinced that James would carry out his threat?  The fact that she’d sent James an unsolicited letter indicated not.  On the other hand, Sherlock could all-too-easily recall the minutes/days/hours he’d spent staring at his mobile after his return, willing it to light up with a text message from John,
“Indeed,” Sherlock replied automatically, his eyes drifting over to where he knew John was waiting with the other competitors.  How old had John been when his father had died?  Or his mother?  Had their deaths been the reason John had stopped competing and enlisted instead?  He was half-tempted to pull out his phone and run a search for obituaries, but he resisted.  It would be better to do his investigation at the ranch, with his laptop’s screen, instead of the tiny one offered by his iPhone.
The goal was to continue gradually pressuring Devil's Blaze to widen his comfort zone until he accepted that humans weren’t particularly dangerous.  The trick was to make the stallion uncomfortable until he accepted the situation, without sending him into a full-blown panic.
"Sorry, sorry," John said, still giggling, his eyes bright, as he flicked his hand in a vain attempt to remove the worse of the filth, before giving up and holding his hand out to the side.  "But of all the ways you could have responded, that wasn't the one I was expecting."
"—which would have resulted in a second-place placement for that particular competition, had her run not been disqualified due to your inability to maintain your seat."  Sherlock added mercilessly, ignoring Brenda's attempt at a protest.  "Rider size and weight are additional factors.  The racing industry utilizes the 'Weight for Age' or WFA scale to ensure that horses are not given unfair advantages or handicaps when racing by setting weight standards for jockeys and tack, but barrel racers are exempt from this practice.  You are much smaller than your mother was; the difference in weight on Cream Soda's back is appreciable and no doubt contributed to your success, since the lighter the rider the faster a horse can run.  Unfortunately, you have recently experienced a growth spurt.  Your increased mass, combined with Cream Soda's advancing age was beginning to become a problem.  You likely pressured your father for a new horse, but he refused.  Money troubles perhaps?  I'm given to understand that the ongoing drought has hit ranchers in the region hard.  Or perhaps he didn't see the need.  Your mother was the barrel racer, not him."
"I did, but she was more interested in interrogatin' me about my filin' an insurance claim...I tried explainin' to Detective Donovan that the insurance payouts would just barely cover the loss of Blaze and would mean jack diddly if my business tanked, but she didn't seem inclined to believe me—"
John snorted.  "Harassment is one word for it...stalking and doxing would be better," he growled, his brow furrowing as he contemplated something.
"You're fucking purring like a goddamn cat," John giggled from above him.  John shifted so he could lean forward and began brushing kisses against Sherlock's upturned cheek, his ear, and his temple.  "That is unbelievably, fucking hot."
He'd spent the last three hours strolling around the stock event studying horses, casually asking staff and competitors alike if they'd attended the Texas Tri-State Stock Show and Rodeo and, if they answered in the affirmative, whether they'd happened to notice anything anything unusual during either the bronco or bull-riding competitions.  Unfortunately, his efforts had resulted in a series of dismissive shrugs and at least one threat of a punch to the face if he didn't quit poking his nose into other people's business.
The vet grinned. "A bit, yeah," he chuckled. "I'm guessing you don't work with cattle much if you can't see with your feet?"
"A lot of the dances are set dances that 'most everybody has memorized...the Electric Slide, the Cha Cha Slide, Cotton-Eyed Joe, but you'll pick them up pretty quick, once you know the basic steps."  John set his hands on his hips, indicating that Sherlock should mimic him.  "There's your basic two-step," he began, demonstrating with an easy, confident grace, "and the grapevine, followed by the heel touch."  The soles of John's boots thumped against the bar's wooden floor as he walked through the dance movements.  "You should also do a bit of the side-to-side, and don't forget to put your hips into it.  You with me so far?"
"I'm not allergic to latex and that depends entirely on you," Sherlock replied as he concentrated on rolling the condom down John's considerable length.  He met John's puzzled expression and cocked an eyebrow in challenge as he accepted the gloves.  "How do you feel about prostate stimulation?  Either external or internal?"
Sherlock rocked back on his heels and blew out a breath of impatience at his continued wait.  After a moment, he reached towards his pocket, preparing to fire off another series of text messages.  The sound of a pen being slapped down with enough force to break it stilled the motion, though.
"Did he now?" Donovan asked, blinking in apparent surprise.  Pursing her lips, she added "Captain Lestrade didn't inform me of that fact.  That his horse was acting up, or that Doctor Watson examined him."
The tension surrounding him now was a completely different kind, replete with lip-licking, eyebrow waggling, and double entendres.
John pursed his lips, clearly thinking about the situation.  After a moment, he slid Sherlock a sideways gaze.  "So...what did you do?"
"Because I hit her just before she attacked me!" Brenda confessed in a broken wail, drowning out Donovan's outraged hiss of
"They're not," Sherlock lied, shifting uncomfortably from one foot to the other.  "I'm...just not accustomed to walking swiftly across acres of hot pavement in this sort of heat for an extended amount of time.  Montana's summers are colder."
At Sherlock's demand, the man turned his head to one side and spat out a stream of tobacco juice.  The movement, posture, and costume gave him away: Fizzy Simpson, the rodeo clown.
Sherlock choked, his eyes slamming shut.  He'd forgotten how many nerve endings the human ear contained—not as many as an equine's of course, but still a sufficient number to make him arch in shocked arousal.  His hands scrabbled at John's torso, desperately seeking something to anchor him in the rising tide of sensation.  One hand fisted in the collar of John's shirt while the other wrapped around John's waist, pulling the shorter man even closer.  He felt lightheaded.  Dizzy.  Like there wasn't enough oxygen in the room.  "John," Sherlock chanted, vaguely aware that his voice had gone high and thready, "John, John, John, I can't...I"
Sherlock sniffed the air.  He could detect traces of water, greenery and a faint whiff of something rotten; it was a combination he associated with the smell of the conservatory from his childhood.  The scent of organic decay struck an incongruous note amongst the mingled odours of wood polish, leather, old fur and the faintly acidic smell chemicals permeating Sterndale's office, because, contrary to his private expectations, there were no plants present, not even a Devil's Ivy or a Peace Lily.  Making a quick mental note of the idiosyncrasy, Sherlock turned to study the rest of the room's furnishings.
"Okay.  You've managed to avoid the B and E charge.  This time, at least.  This is amazing," Donovan said, taking another sip of her coffee and letting the liquid swirl around her mouth like a sommelier taste-testing an exceptionally rare vintage.  She exhaled through her mouth, no doubt savoring the coffee's various nuances.  "I had no idea coffee could be this good."
"No," Sherlock told him bluntly, wrinkling his nose at the results he pulled up, dismissing them with a flick of his thumb and opening a different tab.
A well-dressed woman, clearly alerted to their presence by the sound of truck wheels on gravel stepped out on the porch to meet them.  Her head was tilted to one side like a bird, clearly appraising them.  After a moment, she walked down the shallow steps to meet them.  "Hello Doctor Watson," she greeted them in a surprisingly deep and husky voice.
"Nope.  Not happening.  Major Barrymore warned me about what happened in the Baskerville Academy's lab when Doctor Stapleton left you unattended."
Unfortunately, every time he tried to concentrate, his focus was interrupted by thoughts of John: John's distracting lip-licking, the snap of his voice as he refuted Sterndale's half-hearted diagnoses, the power contained in his short frame, his open admiration of Sherlock's intelligence, his scent, how warm his hands had felt and, most damning of all, the briefest feel of John's arse against his fingertips when he'd pick-pocketed his lighter and cigarette back.
"You have a small nick on your jaw from where you cut yourself while shaving.  Either an unfamiliar razor or an older one you keep there for emergencies.  You used a different shampoo to wash your hair, and you also used an aerosol deodorant that—while not terrible—is a bit more floral than the products you usually wear.  Finally, your shirt is clean and freshly ironed, but it also smells a bit musty, as though it's been hanging in a locker for a while.  Ergo, something came up and you had to revise your schedule so you could meet me at the Triple C on time.  Am I correct?"
Huffing through his nose, Sherlock switched back to the regular torch and walked over to where he could see traces of feed mixed in with the straw.  Oats were easily identifiable, as were pieces of Alfalfa.  If the feed had been adulterated in some fashion, an analysis of the samples would show it.  His lips set in a frown of concentration, Sherlock reached into his denim jacket for another pair of gloves, more capped 5 ml tubes and another set of sterile tweezers.  It was the work of a moment to place several pieces of straw and hay into tubes and tuck them away.  The feed was more challenging.  Some pieces were lying scattered on top.  Others had been ground into the floor.  As tempting as it was to stick to the uncrushed pieces, he needed a wide variety in case the reason that some pieces had been stuck to the floor was because they had been laced with something that made them sticky.  Leaning forward, Sherlock began scraping at the smears using one of the sterile razor blades from the box he carried.  A little bit came up and he quickly transferred it into the tube for later analysis.  He was so intent on his task, he didn't hear the stealthy approach of another person, not until a voice behind him barked out, causing him to freeze.
Rather than heed Sherlock's advice, Devil's Blaze snorted once more and abruptly charged forward, attempting to mow Sherlock down, only to be thwarted as Sherlock anticipated the attack.
The next two riders were unremarkable.  One finished with a time of five point two seconds, the next finished with a time of five point four seconds.  The fourth bulldogger missed his target completely.  The steer took off across the arena with the bulldogger in hard pursuit.  Just before they reached the fence on the opposite side, the steer turned right while the rider’s horse continued straight ahead.  The horse veered left just before it crashed into the metal bars, but sadly for the rider, Newton’s first law of motion was very much in evidence.
Sherlock was so busy staring at the back of his hand that he missed his footing and would have fallen if not for John’s quick reflexes.
Time drifted past.  The sun continued to climb in the sky, adding to the already-miserable temperature.  Shadows shifted and began to lengthen, sending dark fingers across the ground.  Sherlock, meanwhile, continued to remain motionless from his vantage point underneath the tree.  A distant part of him was grateful for the protection afforded to his fair skin by his ridiculous hat, his long sleeves and the sun cream Mrs. Hudson had insisted upon.  His familial resemblance to Mycroft was bad enough without adding freckles to his skin.
Molly waved back before dropping both hands back to the steering wheel.  She took the road's left-hand fork, bringing the truck to halt in front of a short flight of steps just off of the house's main porch.  "Ms. Ross's office is just through there," Molly indicated with a nod of her head.  "She specifically requested that you see her first thing when you arrived."
"Let me know what is decided.  I might have an idea," Sherlock said.  He would have to check with Candii Ross, but if she was amenable, he'd see what he could do to have Scotty transported to the Triple C.  Devil's Blaze was a bronco; his natural wildness and overreactions to riders were encouraged.  New Scotland Yard, however, was a police horse.  He'd been carefully acclimatized to noise and desensitized to fearful stimulus.  There was a distinct possibility that he might respond to Sherlock's retraining faster.  There was also the fact that Scotty's body language and hair samples could offer valuable clues for identifying whatever drug Sherlock was searching for.
"So...how do you want to handle dinner?" John asked, after a moment of awkward silence.  He tucked his hands into his pockets.  "Do you want to eat here and then, I dunno, grab a movie afterwards?  Or would you rather go out?"
"Coffee, huh?" John said, holding the chosen condom up to the moonlight and reading the flavour printed on the back.  "That's great.  Coffee's my personal favourite...it's got caffeine so I can keep going...and going...and going."  Using his teeth, John tore the corner of the packet open and pulled the condom out, placing it in his mouth.
John stopped and folded his arms, looking Sherlock up and down, his skepticism apparent.  "Okay then, walk me through it?  Why are you certain it isn't Alzheimer's?"
The inside of the clinic was clean, with freshly painted, dove-gray walls.  The sharp smells of disinfectant and paint offset the building's somewhat shabby exterior appearance, but the furniture was rather mismatched and clearly government or business surplus.  Approximately twenty-five armless plastic chairs sat in rows of five in the center of the room, their seats taken up by an assortment of men, women, children and at least one young woman Sherlock could identify as transgender.  Another half-dozen, classroom chairs were arranged around the room's perimeter, their built-in desks offering a writing surface for patients to fill out paperwork.  A single loveseat, upholstered in some sort of horrible gold fabric with avocado green undertones and disturbingly-oversized flowers was tucked underneath the window.  A small, oval coffee table in front held a fanned-out assortment of magazines about different topics: housekeeping, parenting, astronomy, medicine, fitness, hunting and fashion.  A thankfully-muted television stood in one corner featuring the antics of several armed, green, physics-defying, mask-wearing, anthropomorphic terrapins.  Spanish subtitles ran along the bottom of the screen, replete with trite dialogue such as 'WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!'
Mycroft could see the worry etched out in the lines of Sherlock’s brows, and he knew he could reassure him. Tell Sherlock John still loved him and hadn’t strayed, but then again he didn’t think it was his place to. Sherlock would need to reveal himself to John and let his omega reassure him of his fidelity. Mary Morstan was an alpha in love, but John was a man with eyes for only Sherlock.
John didn’t meet the alpha’s immovable stare. Mycroft seemed like a nice enough chap, and he didn’t feel intimidated with the older man, not like he did with Sherlock. It was better just to talk to the mediator. John knew he wouldn’t feel comfortable talking to Sherlock. How could he ask the alpha directly for what it was he needed, it felt…strange. He’d been taught to keep his distance from his alpha unless his alpha required his
Sherlock grumbled groggily, shifting further until the sheets dropped under the alpha’s shoulders and to his waist as he turned around to face John. Sherlock said nothing as he met John’s gaze through the dimness of the room. The only light afforded to them was that of the city, seeping through the bedroom window as the curtains were open.
John pursed his lips, shifting his hips where he sat in his chair inside a wooden gazebo where vines with red and white flowers coiled about the building, giving them the much wanted shade, and tried to read his mystery novel.
Sherlock brightened then and John kissed Sherlock again. Sherlock’s hand rose to cup John’s cheek, bringing him closer, and parted his lips in invitation for John to deepen it. John did, his tongue sliding out and rolling playfully along Sherlock’s, running over the smoothness of Sherlock’s heated tongue and sharing the taste of hot release with him.
“John.” Sherlock called from beyond the door, voice trembling, and if John didn’t know better he’d almost say the alpha was close to tears, but that couldn’t be. Sherlock didn’t care enough for him to feel any sense of rejection, not like how John felt now.
John could not refuse the agreement he’d made with Mycroft. John could not refuse the terms of marriage Sherlock set out. It was a tormenting agreement with both: a marriage to save his sister and a marriage that wasn’t a marriage.
“Go.” John broke out in a harsh breath, raising a hand to his chest and rubbing at the soreness that lay beneath.
By the time he’d prepared pancakes, eggs, bacon, and set two full plates on the table, Sherlock entered the kitchen. His damp hair was combed through, wet locks coiled enchantingly, pale skin glowing beautifully in the gentle lighting of early morning, and earthy sea green eyes lit up when setting sight on John.
Glaring at the man, Sherlock fought back a growl, and quickly but quietly left the room. Sherlock didn't care to take in his surrounding of a home that was to be partiality his. No. He'd only taken enough of his surroundings to realize he was upstairs and needed to go downstairs and find his way out. He'd stumbled in his escape. Finding himself in a kitchen, before turning and going in the opposite direction. Then he slipped past a dining room, living room, and found the foyer leading to the front door.
“What kind of life is this?” John shouted full of anger and misery. “I should have just died in Afghanistan.”
“Sherlock told us about your visit with the gynecologist. I’m so very sorry love. For an omegas status to be questioned as yours is being now… It’s horrible.”
… if John didn’t check himself he’d soon develop a fetish—he was already imagining Sherlock wearing just that hat while fucking him mercilessly with it on. God, he already had a fetish. John was starting to blush every time he saw that hat and Sherlock was bound to figure it out if he didn’t stop.
Some people see their life flash before their eyes as they slowly drift into the darkness of death. That wasn’t necessarily what John experienced as he bled out on the ambulance gurney, Sherlock seated beside him, next to the EMT that hurriedly worked on stopping the bleeding as the ambulance sped the freeway of London city taking him to the nearest hospital.
"I did. I'm not proud of it, but I... I was hurt and angry." John explained, although he knew it no way mitigated his actions. "I regret hurting you. It was wrong of me."
"No, let me finish... I... know how hard things are for you. I know you can't forget him, and I'm not asking you to. It's just... Meeting you was the best thing that could have happened."
John said he would try — try to make this arrangement bearable, so that when he went into heat it would be less traumatic, but this...
A hand brushed over his lower back and John turned around to find Sherlock laying near him, staring in that same needy way. John couldn’t give Sherlock anymore. He’d given Sherlock his body, heart and soul, but God help him, John didn’t think he could lie in bed and have Sherlock hold him as he knew Sherlock would. Holding him like he was the most precious thing on this earth when they both knew he wasn’t. He was only a beta and he could never give Sherlock what he deserved.
“I’ll plan it all and it will be small, just Harry and her partner, Mrs. Hudson and maybe Lestrade, just to make Harry think it’s an intimate ceremony. You won’t have to do much, just stand there and say ‘I do’. I’m sure the judge wouldn't get all sappy like the priest did.”
John did come, feeling a heaviness in his chest as he finally moved to wrap his arms around Sherlock's waist and pressed his chest to the omega's back.
“Sherlock, because of me you’ve… you’ve mutilated yourself.” John sobbed harshly and suddenly arms were wrapped around him and Sherlock’s nose was pressing against his hairline. Alpha pheromones filled John’s senses and his shivering stopped, but the tears did not.
Huffing a sharp breath, Sherlock closed his eyes and attempted to claim sleep once more. It took several measured calming breaths and thinking of Mycroft before his arousal dwindled to not and sleep finally claimed him.
“Sherlock.” John whispered anxiously, his body pulsed with nerves, and yet there was also excitement within that started as a flame and steadily grew.
John woke early the next morning, and readied for the day before heading to the empty kitchen. Not wanting to disturb the slumbering Sherlock, he moved about as quietly as he could and prepared breakfast. It wasn’t a usual occurrence for John to be up before Sherlock, but one he didn’t mind. Sherlock didn’t much like to eat, always finding other things to distract himself with. John didn’t like this unhealthy habit of the eccentric genius, so John made it a point to prepare meals for Sherlock and didn’t give the genius an opportunity to decline.
"Turn around and press your back between my legs." Sherlock ordered, spreading his legs enough so that John could fit between them.
“Oh, John dear, your parents, Mycroft, Mr. Holmes, and I all promised Sherlock that we would give you two sometime alone to work through this tragedy, but I couldn’t stay away anymore. How are you doing?”
John felt his heart pulse painfully, Mrs. Hudson was always honest, and right now, it was nice to have. John burrowed his face in Mrs. Hudson’s neck, scenting her. She smelled of ginger.
“I will.” Sherlock took a half step to John, only inches separating them now and palmed John’s cheek in his hand. “I love you.”
“A blog.” John shot back, trying not to lose focus as he continued to type out his thoughts. Maintaining their growing website was taking a lot more time out of his day, but he felt so proud of his work. Finally Sherlock was achieving the admiration from the public, just like John knew Sherlock deserved.
So John's touch felt right. It made everything in Sherlock relax and... at first it frightened him and made him pull away because it just... It was so new and startlingly perfect, but... Feeling miserable, sick to his stomach and hating to be alone in his suffering... Having John here...Talking sweetly to him.... Tending to his needs... Touching him... Sherlock wanted it. He hated how he wanted it, but he wanted it regardless.
“No! That’s not—” John paused to lower his voice, unwilling to be goaded by his husband. “Sherlock, this is ridiculous.”
Sherlock looked away as John rushed the remaining distance to their flat. Turning away from the window, Sherlock left the living area, slammed the door to his bedroom and fell back onto his bed. Staring up at the ceiling, Sherlock picked up the rattling of keys from a distance and the muffled sound of the shutting front door as John entered the flat.
John never expected for Sherlock—someone so elegant and graceful to choke on his tea mid sip and sputter tea messily from his mouth. Coughing hoarsely, Sherlock retrieved a napkin nearby and hurriedly dried his face, before accusing wild sea green eyes gawked in his direction.
When Mycroft was left alone once more, he felt ill. His stomach roiled. Churning consistently and he found it difficult to revert back to his work. Instead, Mycroft called in the new agent and asked him to let his driver know he would like to leave the office. Mycroft wanted to go home, drink from his expensive bottle of scotch and lay within the stillness of his bedroom. His day was done. He needed to sleep away the sickness that claimed him.
The moment John exited the restaurant, he couldn’t seem to calm his breathing, nor stop the tears from escaping then as he stared up at the sky.
Sherlock felt a great many things right now. He was happy, touched, overwhelmed with love for his alpha, needing, but above all else, he was undeniably horny.
Exhaling a shaky breath Sherlock mutely slipped out of the bed and shut the bathroom door behind him. John knew what Sherlock was doing in the bathroom and a part of him felt guilty, but another part of him was relieved. Relieved that Sherlock was handling it himself and not seeking his assistance, because… The bulge John felt under those striped trousers was daunting to think about. It had been so…
“He's writing sad music. Doesn't eat. Barely talks. Only to correct the television. I'd say he was… he was heartbroken—” John stilled, standing before a very much alive Irene Adler.
"Sherlock." John greeted softly. Laying back in his bed, staring sadly up at the ceiling. He wished more than anything that he could look into those beautiful blue eyes of his mate.
Sherlock shook his head emphatically, trying to deny the truth, he didn't want to admit what was so evident.
“You’d do anything I asked of you, wouldn’t you?” Sherlock admired, voice thick, aroused by the thought.
Sherlock's continuous frown deepened when the two alphas moved out of the room and left him alone with the clucking hags. Sherlock wanted to scream. He wanted to get the hell out.
Sherlock mentioned he’d be out till later that night so that gave John enough time to get his plans in order. Thirteen hours later, 10:00PM at night, John had successfully transformed their living room into a romantic scene. John moved the furniture around to make space for a decorative table with a red table cloth, a bouquet of red roses and two long candles being lit. He’d even gone as far as to scatter rose petals on the floor around the table and on Sherlock’s bed. Soft instrumental music set off the mood perfectly. John had even ordered take away from Angelo’s, some special chicken pasta Angelo recommended and John even asked Mrs. Holmes to have someone send over one of the wines she knew Sherlock enjoyed.
"You are." Sherlock sighed and nuzzled John's jawline with more care than he thought the omega possessed. Maybe it was the real omega revealing itself through the man's tattered mind. A little reminder why he was doing this. Though the changes were not so obvious, this submission on his part was soothing the pains he had caused Sherlock. Given enough time, Sherlock would heal more and more. If it left a few scars on John's person he could take it.
Heat blossomed across John’s face all as Sherlock’s eyes widened and his mouth parted, though words did not escape.
don't be like that. No pouting love. I'm just so surprised you can say those things as easily as others would talk about the weather."
John broke and laughed, enthralled by Sherlock’s eccentric sense of humor. Sherlock chuckled heartily, eyes sparking with mirth.
"Ooh." Sherlock's fangs broke out as a piercing keen tore through his throat and he shot out an arm to reach for John's ass. Gripping to the muscular buttocks as tears brimmed in eyes. His mouth opened, panting out shaky breaths. Eyes struggling to stay open and staring up into those twinkling dark ones.
Ten months had passed and John had been relocated to six different countries, always when he’d begun to settle down in his new life. Each time, Mycroft found him a clinic to work in and John was grateful for the little bit of familiarity he received in a place unfamiliar to him. Ethiopia, Brazil, Hungary, Finland, Argentina and Greece; one after the other and he felt unbelievably lonely. The only good part to all of this was he never had to hear news about Sherlock’s marriage with his omega. These countries had other issues to deal with and Sherlock’s fame didn’t register in these areas.
“Good night.” John smiled tentatively back, before retrieving the first aid kit and exiting the room, shutting the door behind him.
Friends with benefits didn’t fuck three or more times a day. Friends with benefits didn’t stop dating or sleeping around with others. Friends with benefits didn’t sleep in the same bed for three years together. Friends with benefits didn’t knot. Friends with benefits didn’t live like committed couples.
John swallowed thickly, glanced at their cab driver once more, affirming he wasn’t paying attention to them and focused on the road, John leaned closer.
They flirted, shamelessly in front of John. Sherlock didn’t seem to notice him during these times and that was far more paining a realization.
There was an unsettling pulsing in Sherlock’s chest that he would later spend hours contemplating, but right in that moment, Sherlock’s kneejerk reaction was to shove John off of him, using far more force than was needed, and scramble away.
. This moment of pleasure wasn’t worth it in the long run, he’d have to face the consequences later, that the alpha would seek more than the omega was ready to give. Mounting, penetration, knotting would undoubtedly follow… This couldn’t happen.
“Not the back, you might break the tree of the saddle. Grab the reins and the pommel; use them to lift yourself up.” Sherlock recommended.
, Sherlock. My lovely omega smells so sweet, at last ready to be bred.” John hissed, thrusting against Sherlock’s ass once more, harder this time, hard enough to shove Sherlock against the table, painfully.
“I don’t know.” Sherlock dejectedly announced, just above a whisper, his stiff form rapidly sagging. Slowly he made his way over to the bed and seated himself on the edge.
John bent down to the ground, scooped up another ball of snow before launching it at Sherlock, and this time it hit Sherlock’s left leg. A smile reappeared on Sherlock’s face.
“John.” Sherlock hissed insistently, another hand moving to cup his other cheek and then Sherlock’s thumbs were hurriedly brushing away the silent tears that had begun to fall, and John hadn’t even realized he was crying until now.
“How can I be calm, when you tell me our pups are gone? How can I live knowing I couldn’t protect them? How can I live when they are gone? I can’t.
John wanted to roam the city without the watchful gaze of a bodyguard and Sherlock quickly consented. True, the bodyguard had been assigned to protect John before the bond was complete, but now that it was, there really was no need for it. They were completely tied, bound.
His confession did not remain unheard, even from how choked up and throaty the projection had been. John tensed for a moment, then a pained whimper came from the alpha as John's lips pressed firmly to his temple and the alpha keened in understanding and love.
“You don’t have to thank me. I’m your husband.” John reassured, though it felt nice to be appreciated, Sherlock had thanked him once before. It was nice to hear again, it reminded John that the Sherlock he knew was still present, minus a few memories.
"No!" Sherlock snapped his head in John’s direction, but when he met those sad doughy eyes, his couldn't bear to stare at them for long and looked back out the window.
When Mrs. Holmes deemed they’d met everyone of importance, she allowed Sherlock and John to sit themselves down while she continued to mingle. John was seated between Sherlock and Mycroft. Mr. Holmes had been seated by Mycroft, but soon after they’d made their way to the table, Mr. Holmes left to monitor Mrs. Holmes, as she was on her fourth glass of wine and becoming more vocal than was appropriate.
John was so thick, far more than Sherlock, he filled him properly as an alpha should. The thickness always surprised Sherlock, and no matter how many times they did it, his eyes still stung whenever John would first enter and stretch him. John held himself up, utterly strained with a pensive look about him. His hands braced on either side of Sherlock’s chest, and John stilled his movements, until Sherlock had adjusted. It didn’t take long; Sherlock was well into his heat now, the slick and his body working quickly to regulate itself.
“Don’t fret child. You will understand as you get older.” Mrs. Watson cooed, leaning in to press a kiss to the child’s forehead before pulling away.
John’s eyes followed Mycroft line of vision and he was met by the sight of a quietly simmering Sherlock. Wearing the twin of his suit, but somehow Sherlock looked gorgeous in it and John just looked acceptable. The suit was cut to fit his lean frame agreeably, enhancing the narrowness of his waist and the leanness of his legs.
John reluctantly entered the room and seated himself in his chair, while Mycroft perched himself on the patient bed and began explaining himself.
The vibrant laugh that filled the air made Sherlock's heart swell and he found himself looking back at the alpha and watched as dark blue eyes twinkled with mirth.
Could this towel have once belonged to another? Sherlock was a twenty-four year old, gorgeous, wealthy, intelligent alpha; John couldn’t have been Sherlock’s first.
"I don't understand how it meant nothing. I was always taught to wait for you - the one I'm to be with. Love and sex are the same things and that I should only share my body with the one I would spend the rest of my life with."
“You shouldn’t hate your status.” Sherlock reprimanded, a sudden burst of liveliness taking root in him.
When John came back down from the high, Sherlock was laving up his flaccid cock, cleaning him of any remains of release and still touching himself.
The chiming of his cell phone rang out and broke John from his thoughts. Turning over and reaching out to the nightstand, John retrieved his cell phone. Opening it up and immediately finding the text message waiting for him.
Sherlock wanted John. There was no denying this truth. His heat was only maximizing the need, but it was always there. At least now, in heat, he could acknowledged this freely. Sherlock wasn't trying to stop the progression of what he knew would come. He
"John." Sherlock voiced with assertion, because that was too much of a request for the alpha to follow.
Mycroft was breathless as his men removed Sherlock from the room and six more agents entered his office.
Sherlock’s hand lowered from his eyes, but the alpha’s gaze was fixed on the wall at his side. As he neared the bathtub, John noticed Sherlock breathing heavily from his mouth as if not willing to scent the omega. John shook off the thought and leaned over to retrieve the outstretched tea cup.
“Thank you.” John was grateful, not sure if the alpha even heard him through the clacking of hangers, but when Sherlock turned to look at him and he met sea green eyes, John’s smile widened.
Heated breath tickled the fine hairs at the nape of John’s neck and though he hated to admit it, it felt nice; the brushing of soft lips that glided over the tender skin there caused a full body shiver.
“When I was twelve I asked Mycroft to take me to them. I wanted to see them so much, but my parents wouldn’t have allowed it. Mycroft did and… I saw him. He was beautiful, so beautiful and I wanted him then. I wanted to make him mine.”
“I said it, clearly. I don’t care what happens to me. I told you to save our pups. You promised. You promised me!” John wailed, inconsolable, trembling with pain, dampness soaking John’s abdomen as he shifted to kneel on the bed and wrenched Sherlock up from his seat to half stand, half lean against the edge of the bed.
"Tell your men to release me.... I want to leave." Sherlock gave a heavy breath of defeat, his anger having dissipated and all he felt now was exhausted.
John began crying into the kiss and Sherlock knew he’d screwed up. When John needed his affection he’d mentally withdrawn from the kiss, leaving it bare of the care John had sought. John broke the kiss again, bowing his head and palmed his mouth, trying to muffle the hiccupping gasps escaping.
Entering the Buckingham Palace to see his husband was not what he’d planned on. Nor was finding Sherlock still wrapped in their bed sheet, sitting in a sofa… with no pants. It was all so absurd and John couldn’t contain the laughter bubbling out of him. He stared lovingly at his eccentric husband who giggled along with him.
Sherlock didn’t care about the minor aching pain of being cruelly shoved, because the scent of his alpha’s arousal overwhelmed him. So potent, strong, the lemony bitter fragrance and musk burning his nostrils and he knew John was dripping with pre-cum. He whimpered softly, remorsefully, wanting that pre-cum, needing it, not wanting to waste a single drop of his alpha’s seed, all of it was
John sat outside of the apartment complex where the victim had been murdered and stared at the gray skies.
Tears fogged John’s vision as Sherlock’s other hand joined the one caressing his belly. Then Sherlock’s lips were there too, and his hands slid to his sides as Sherlock kissed wetly along the welt of his surgical scar and John whimpered, pained and heartened by Sherlock’s kind—almost loving token.
"Yes. I can take it." Sherlock reassured, raising up his left leg as John shuffled his lower half so he was tilted upward and nudged his thighs more securely around Sherlock's legs. Sherlock pulled up his right leg under himself and reached around John to grab at the unused pillow and shuffled it under his belly and partly between his legs.
Trying to catch his breath, John felt helpless when his stomach knotted and a swarm of butterflies quivered within his stomach. Time seemed to pass by slowly and the longer John stared into Sherlock’s eyes the more he lost himself in them… They looked at him in a way that… Had Sherlock always looked at him like that…?
Mycroft had paid them a visit soon after. John had just arrived home from work to find both his mate and Mycroft in the living room. Sherlock's body was tensed, his back muscles noticeably taunt as he'd turned to give Mycroft and now John a good view of it. He lay on the couch, facing it while stubbornly remaining silent.
Sherlock’s hands skimmed John’s sides, up his chest and down to his thighs. His tongue slinked away from hardened nipples and along his abdomen, tonguing the grooves of his abs, periodically nipping at the fleshy parts.
"I like that... Your smile. It's... nice." Sherlock's eyes met John's then lowered to stare at the hand stroking his belly, and slid his hand down John's arm to layer itself over his stomach and they stroked it together.
John didn't hold back, not anymore, he couldn't as he pummeled Sherlock's wet, red entrance. Sherlock was unable to do much anymore, his thrusts grew weak as he drew inwards on himself, gurgling hoarse nonsense, more open vowel whimpers and whines, destroyed by the power and momentum of John's consuming throbbing cock.
“I’ll just go downstairs and work up something for you to eat.” Mrs. Hudson mumbled on her way to the door, knowing it was unlikely Sherlock heard her as he had left to his mind palace already.
The alpha shifted behind him, moving closer to the middle of the bed and John tensed. His omega willing him to scoot closer, to allow his alpha to scent him as was usually done once an omega was bitten. He should be inviting his alpha to comfort his fears, to let their scents mingle with one another, to make this bed, this room…their own. John denied his omega’s requests. He rejected this alpha. This alpha wasn’t his mate — not by choice.
While Sherlock was struggling to free himself from his mother’s bear hug and sloppy kisses, Mycroft pulled John away to the side.
“Don’t say it.” Sherlock's words didn’t match the fierceness of his features, he sounded more grief-stricken than anything else.
Sherlock moved to stand behind John and the alpha shut his eyes when fingers threaded through his hair and gripped it painfully. Jerking John's head back so that when the alpha opened his eyes again he stared at an upside down Sherlock with crazed eyes. Sherlock glared down at him. Back arched tightly back, neck straining with the pull, John shuddered, because Sherlock was touching him. Any touch from his omega was welcomed, even if Sherlock's touch was a punishing one.
No matter that John was trying hard to earn Sherlock’s love and effectively unsettling Sherlock, or that Sherlock was driving John up a wall touching him affectionately while naked; John and Sherlock dropped their efforts in the face of more serious matters.
John's stare turned warm at Sherlock's words, sensing the insecurity that Sherlock would adamantly deny. "You know how I feel about you, Sherlock. My feelings for you-"
John sobbed harder, biting into the cushion of his pillow in an attempt to smother back the broken noises from escaping.
John knew it was a little late to be meeting his in-laws, but seeing as he’d been rather drunk at the wedding, his parents must feel that he’d sobered up some and now was ready to meet them.
There was only the occasionally background noise of London city on Sherlock's end. John waited a moment longer, but when Sherlock made no attempt to speak, John broke it.
“Girlfriend? No, not really my area.” Sherlock mumbled and didn’t meet John’s eyes; he continued to stare out the window.
John bit his bottom lip, holding back a moan, Sherlock’s voice was pure sex and the proof was his steadily hardening stout cock. John raised his legs, knees bent and then he spread them, pressing the heels of his feet to the mattress, leaving himself completely open. John didn’t dare open his eyes for fear of looking at himself and then seeing just how Sherlock looked.
“Shhh, John. I told you, this isn’t your fault. This was my decision. I don’t regret it, John. I swear, I don’t. It’s… It’s going to be different, but I will grow accustomed to it.”
"Oh John!" Sherlock shouted with joy, lifting up the omega and began swinging him around in an embrace full of care and love.
John's body trembled, unable to control itself, unable to understand what it was he'd realized moments after entering, because that scent was driving him to madness. He felt hot. The humidity of the flat was unusual. Not as it was when he left. It had grown hot. His skin was warm, flushing with the heat. Perspiration took him and then, then he felt wet in a completely different way. He was excited. An erection.
Though he could not say it, Sherlock was certain John knew. John felt it in the way he'd laid all the affection and care in that one night they'd spent as truly husbands, their wedding anniversary. The one and only night where sentiment was at the most present in their lives. The one night, Sherlock had dropped his guard and showed John the secret that lingered in his vulnerable eyes.
— John’s knot…his knot was bearing down on his balls, massaging, kneading them with every downward slow and firm grind of his pelvis.
The doctor didn't think it would be a long wait, as he was dilating quickly. She'd mentioned that he was a little early for delivering, but that the babies should be fine, as it wasn't premature.
The omega shot out of his chair, wrenching his hand back and clutched it close to his pounding chest, shielding it with his other hand.
Intimacy… John wanted it. What healthy man wouldn’t, but it really wasn’t worth it. The advances he’d gotten weren’t of genuine interest, and John didn’t want something meaningless. There was also the matter of him being a secreted alpha submissive.
Sherlock wanted John. Desired to have him, but none of that was more important than providing his omega contentment. Sherlock made that as clear as his pride would allow and tried to smile, but it was painful. Painful to smile knowing his omega rejected him in every way. Sherlock didn’t waste any time, and when he’d said all he could, he rushed for the door, tail between his legs.
Mary's smile was more brighter than John's and he knew she must feel infinitely better, no longer being threatened or blackmailed by anyone. She could be her own person. Start an honest life for herself, somewhere that no one knew her.
John would watch Sherlock and that beta leave the flat for a date, smiling, staring at each other with love, and then stare down at their children. John would break, knowing their children would forever scent his pain and heartache.
“John…” Ella softly spoke; waiting until John’s hands lowered and deep blue stared up at her full of helplessness and grief.
All at once the memories of the past three days assaulted his mind and he was left reeling. Unable to move, though his logical sense had returned and screamed for him to let the slumbering alpha go and run, he didn't.
John returned home later in the evening and Sherlock would be there waiting for him if he hadn’t been called away on a case. John would greet him with a friendly smile and the two would talk about their day as he prepared dinner. Sherlock would scold John for not already eating, but he liked to have dinners together, as it was usually the only meal they would share. Sherlock seemed to deduce this quickly and asked John to at least eat plenty of snacks to hold him over until dinner. John was heartened by how caring Sherlock was to his health and their pups, so he promised Sherlock he would.
Later, as they drove back from the crime scene in a cab, heading back home, Sherlock glanced out of his side of the window as he spoke.
“This is a brand new product that’s just been released.” Mindy started, pointing to the picture of a baby bottle on the front.
"Are you listening? This is serious, Sherlock. The doctors stressed the importance that you and John strengthen your bond. If you refuse him, your mental health will decline. Therapy can't cure this. That's why I let that alpha claim you. The bond bite only saved your life. Your mind is now left to be healed and John Watson is the only person that can do that.
Gregory stared at Mycroft blankly, unable to formulate what Mycroft was implying. Had Mycroft's affections for Gregory faded or had he...?
Sherlock compressed his hold, clasping firmly, so securely, and John hunched further, nails digging deep into porcelain flesh when Sherlock tugged up then down, experimentally.
“Sherlock.” John stressed, tired from lack of sleep, and attempted to make his way up the stairs to his room, but Sherlock blocked his path.
They lay in bed facing each other, the morning sunlight warming the room as it shone and lit the room in pale blue.
John never thought the wedding would end, but end it finally did. All their guests followed them out to the front where a slick limousine was awaiting them. John was surprised when Mrs. Holmes embraced him in a bear hug and showered affectionate kisses to his cheek, though after meeting her, he should have expected this. Mr. Holmes congratulated them both and offered his assistance if ever they wished to gain some martial advice. Mycroft merely tipped his head in Sherlock’s direction and the tall consultant rolled his eyes at his older brother.
"You were going to take that damned pill, weren't you?" John concluded, even when he knew that that Sherlock sought his presence out to ignore the voices, and a part of him could let that go as his thoughts were on this worrying knowledge.
John shut his eyes and breathed in deeply, he needed to calm his nerves first, catch his breath second, then he’d throttle Sherlock.
Even within the room, John could hear distant voices and movement from outside his window where the guests waited. Mycroft had informed John that his mother had invited the rest of their family and friends. John couldn’t protest in his situation and only nodded with acceptance.
John raised his hand up and took hold of Sherlock’s left hand, lowering it to rest over his own head and Sherlock’s once tensed features relaxed. John was horrible. He’d left Sherlock in a rather vulnerable position for an alpha and that wasn’t right.
“What’s with the tears?” Harry laughed, releasing John’s arm to wrap her own around his and lean her head on his shoulder.
“I’m sorry.” Sherlock shuddered, a hand pressed between his shoulder blades and bringing him closer. “I don’t… I never… John, believe me.”
Sherlock didn't look at the alpha and the nurse had to awkwardly attempt to remove John from the room. John could have easily fought off the omega nurse, but he didn't. Pitying his own omega and his wish, John answered Sherlock's request and left the room.
“It does. I screwed up. I know I shouldn't have, but I was lonely and I… I was drunk and it’s been so long since I’ve been with someone. Fuck, I don’t know what to say.”
When hands reached out for his tie, John noticeably winced, voicelessly allowing his now husband to loosen his tie, unbutton his shirt collar enough so that his tan neck and clavicle was revealed.
a voice supplied and he jerked his head in surprise. He'd nearly gone the whole day without hearing a voice.
Sherlock shut his eyes, his mother’s weeping dulled as his heart pounded strongly, his stomach knotting up painfully, but he couldn’t give. He needed to get to John. Spinning on his heel, Sherlock opened his eyes and strode out of his parents’ home to his awaiting cab.
"I need to tell you something, Sherlock. I just..." John began, unable to clearly voice his thoughts.
"It was wrong! Bloody terrible to leave me thinking I would die at any moment. Can you imagine what that was like? Two years, living, but not really living, waiting for your heart to stop along with the snapping of the bond?"
Sherlock remained still and John stared off behind the alpha to the open door where he knew the D.I. was waiting down the stairs.
“Your brother can be a real tosser.” John thought aloud, smiling shyly, unsure how Sherlock would take his dislike of Mycroft.
"Sherlock." John rasped. Looking at John was painful, more than Sherlock cared to express, so, looking down at his feet was far better than meeting those eyes. Maybe saying goodbye wasn't such a good idea.
John and Sherlock currently lay in the bed together, under the sheets, Sherlock rested over his chest, head on John's shoulder. Sherlock held him tightly in his arms, his large belly resting partly over John's side.
.” John begged, frantic, kissing Sherlock’s jaw and cheek messily, trying to snatch Sherlock’s lips in another heated kiss, but Sherlock turned away from it.
"I had it made. It's unisex, so it will work for whatever we have." John tried not to give in to the tears that threatened to be released. "Guess this is where I should say, surprise. Surprise, Sherlock. "
When John had his fill, they left the restaurant and Sherlock expected their day out to be over then. He was wrong. John thought it would be nice to take a stroll in the nearby park.
. I absolutely love how ravenous your appetite has become. It means our pups will be quite large and healthy." John subtly moved his face close enough to scent his husband, inhaling a long breath of Sherlock's scent.
"You've made me this way. That beautiful cock of yours is always on my mind. I can't get enough of it." Sherlock was dead serious, so he took great offense when John laughed at him.
“That was the intention. I can no longer sire pups, so I am no longer considered a true alpha. No one will want to mate an alpha that isn’t virile. I’m impotent and just gave numerous interviews with well known and popular news stations, by tonight all of London will know, tomorrow the world. I’m sorry for this, but mother… Mycroft… you’ve left me with no other choice in my arsenal.” Sherlock hissed, knowing the next weeks would be complete hell; he’d have to remain indoors till the news died down.
Sherlock glared at John’s teasing, but John just kept smiling and soon Sherlock felt his lips twitch upwards.
John sobbed vociferously. He lifted his head up from the pillow to breathe and with it lost himself to the pain of an unsatisfying release. It wasn’t good enough. Self gratification during his heats would never be the same now that he’d been marked. His omega didn’t want to satisfy its own needs, not when Sherlock claimed him, bitten him. It was Sherlock’s duty to give John gratification, to fill him up to the brink with his alpha cock, and to spill his enormous load deep into his ass and reach his womb.
John daringly raised his eyes to take in Sherlock's features and found the omega was trembling, unsure as to why, his deep sea green eyes stared at him with such fear and John froze where he knelt. Even now, even when the omega was commanding him like an alpha he still feared him, fearing that John would retaliate for the omega's challenge. John decided then that he would not hesitate again.
“Somebody loves you. If I had to punch that face I'd avoid your nose and teeth too.” Irene smirked knowingly, glancing smugly up at John, almost as if to say, ‘
Looking up at Sherlock, John met the alpha's stare, set a blaze with lust. He roughly glided his tongue over pale pink lips and licked his way in. Fingers rose up to fist in dark curls as John enacted his very first kiss, ever. It was fervid, passionate, and there was sweetness to it, an actual sweetness. Sherlock tasted of tea, biscuits and something else that John could only classify as ‘Sherlock’, and
The cruelty of the truth that he'd been living a lie... That he'd been lied to and left alone to suffer...
John couldn't stop the tears from falling from his eyes anymore, staring up at those pained eyes of his true omega, seeing his mate was just as pained. Sea green, wet and staring at him with a silent plea that it was all lies.
Sherlock bit his tongue holding back a whine when John dragged his hand to stroke the alpha's scent gland. His face flushing at the sight of John parting his mouth in a breathless gasp, followed by a pleased hum that vibrated against the alpha's neck.
John nodded happily, feeling safe in Dr. Levy’s hands. She’d always been so warm and caring towards John since he’d first met her at thirteen years of age. He felt she was the best doctor they could have.
Sherlock’s eyes glistened, chin wobbling, and John wouldn’t have believed it if he didn’t see it for himself, but Sherlock’s mouth opened slightly and released a sharp whimper of anguish.
John took great comfort when Sherlock’s hand on his cheek slid into his hair and stroked at it kindly as John laid his head over Sherlock, pressing his ear to his mate’s chest and listened to the steady pounding of his heart.
After Mycroft and Sherlock lost their pets to old age they didn't ask for another one. They'd grown up and bonded with their dogs. In the end, they hadn't seen their dogs as just
Sherlock was seated in his leather chair staring at the door expectantly. The moment John entered, Sherlock was standing upright, hopeful. John smiled slightly when the alpha flinched at the force in which he slammed the door. At least he knew John was agitated.
The omega within belted a furious cry. Claws lengthened and dug into the wooden table before him, peeling away the darkness, revealing pale yellow wood. Sherlock furiously snarled and upturned the desk.
“I don’t—” Sherlock started and John knew where that sentence was leading. It was leading to the alpha refusing him, possibly helping him endure his heat and fever, but ignoring the very alpha instincts that lurked within.
Sherlock swallowed audibly and watched a bead of sweat trail along the alpha’s flushed face, his Adam’s apple bobbing as he swallowed past a needing keen. John was suffering, attempting to pacify his needs with his own hands and imagination, but it was all not enough still, and Sherlock hated how the guilt within grew.
“The kitchen bin.” John answered slowly and not a second later was Sherlock storming pass him and rushing for the kitchen.
“John!” Sherlock’s distressed shout rang out when John excitedly, desperately unfastened his belt and trousers, dug his fingers into trousers and pants, and yanked them forcefully off. Before Sherlock could reach out for them, John chucked them across the room, leaving Sherlock completely bare and exposed.
Entering his closet, Sherlock retrieved the black leather duffle bag and paused on his way out of the room. Deciding he should be comfortable, Sherlock removed his coat, and freed the first three buttons of his dress shirt. He then removed his shoes and socks. Wearing only a pair of black slacks and a plain white shirt, Sherlock went back out to the living room and let the heavy bag fall with a resounding thud to the floor.
“I’ve made some room on the top three drawers. You can put your things in them as well as the walk-in closet. I’ll space the closet out a bit.” Sherlock offered, leaving John’s side to enter the closet and began shifting his clothing to one side.
Pouring a glass of scotch, Mycroft walked over to his desk and took a seat. Exhaling a heavy sigh, he logged onto his computer and found the CCTV live footage of Gregory’s flat.
"You're still hearing them... The voices." Mycroft deliberated. "You don't talk like this. Not to me. You're never this open to your emotions."
Sherlock spun again and this time, thankfully, walked. John caught up and they strolled quietly side by side. The alpha wasn’t all that bad. He wasn’t dominating or overbearing in the least. He was calm, thoughtful and… What was John thinking? Surely he knew this behavior would not last. Sherlock was possessive. Still… Even when the alpha showed signs of possessiveness, he’d never tried to dominate him, never tried to make him do something he didn’t want to.
“Get out of your place now. I’ll text you a location where a jet will be awaiting your arrival. Don’t waste time, go now John.”
“I’m coming.” John called, barreling out of the bathroom, and guiltily met Sherlock within the living area, breathing heavily, feeling as if he’d gotten caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
"I've applied to be mated to a replacement omega." Mycroft was an exceptional liar, and he wanted to inflict the same pain and hurt Gregory had given him.
"Fuck!" John gripped his bollocks tightly, the vulgarity of Sherlock's words were going to drive him mad. "Don't say things like that."
John turned to face Sherlock, already feeling beads of perspiration on his forehead and heat rising to his face. Opening his mouth to speak, John couldn’t find words as another jolt of his cock brought with it the first drops of precome. John felt himself sliding to the ground as he struggled in catching his breath, but that wonderfully sweet smell of his untainted omega was driving him mad with want.
They continued to speak and all through it John listened to them. Something was off; Sherlock's parents didn't seem as upset as he would think them to be. The moment they were left alone, Sherlock explained that they'd be staying for the next few days and John understood why, but still...
“Stop that.” John hissed hotly, ducking his head, taking a step back and away from the strange alpha. Trying was the worst thing he could have done. Telling his alpha that he would give their marriage a chance seemed to break any of the barriers that had been set into place after their first night as a wedded couple.
Bowing his forehead against his bent knees, John exhaled a heavy breath. Trying, it was far more difficult than John expected it would be. Years of torment, years of being taught one thing and just expecting it all to change and get better in a matter of a few days was ridiculous to even fathom. Two months didn’t seem long enough to ensure he developed a bond with his alpha. As it were, a year wouldn’t seem to do it either.
Sherlock watched in silence as John staggered weakly, his legs noticeably trembling with each step he took. His omega within whimpering and keening for the alpha as Sherlock’s logical side refused to comfort and please his husband. Still… Sherlock took a hesitant step towards the alpha and called out a strained, “John.” Unable to bear the thought the alpha was suffering because of him.
“What does it need a title for?” Sherlock sniped before pulling away and John couldn’t suppress the amused smile upon his lips as he continued typing.
“It is a lot to take in, but do understand, fighting the inevitable will only make things harder on you. You’re a beta and a man; you can’t give Sherlock kin. This omega can. Don’t destroy Sherlock’s future out of selfishness and don’t allow Sherlock’s obligation to hinder him in his duty as an alpha. If I wasn’t a beta myself, I could take on this responsibility, but as I’m not an alpha, this duty rests on Sherlock.”
“It’s okay. I’m close. I'm almost... almost there. Come on, Sherlock.” John warmly urged, hugging Sherlock close with one arm while their joined hands worked on bringing him off.
“No, I can’t believe that.” Sherlock answered with a frayed grin. “But I did see it, so the question is: How?
Sherlock bulked against him, a pure animal-like cry dispelling from bit-bruised lips as Sherlock's mind began shutting off. Hallways darkened, lights blowing out, sending rooms to fall to the darkness, leaving little room to house all the thoughts building, attempting to understand this rise of feelings that were taking over him.
John Watson was a married man now. He never thought this day would come. Hoped for it? He had. Dreamed about it? Undoubtedly. However, he’d never thought he would find himself an omega that would love him for himself. Alphas like him finding a mate was an unlikely possibility. Though he had found an omega to marry, that in no way meant his omega loved him.
“Do you mind if we skip the introductions and get to the testing first. I need to be certain you are what you say you are.”
Sherlock hadn’t yet noticed him, but that could be because he was glaring murderously at Mycroft. Mycroft smirked amusedly at the lanky man, raising his tea cup as if to salute Sherlock before prissily sipping it. Sherlock’s lips twitched and a threatening growl rumbled out of him.
John distantly heard Mrs. Holmes and Mrs. Watson giggle, having witnessed the display of affection. John ignored it all, suddenly wishing to be gone from all the silly nonsense around them.
"It's you and it's me. This can never be anything but bonding." John's lips dragged further from Sherlock's temple and towards the peak of a cheek bone. Pressing a firm kiss to the jutting bone, John felt the omega shift further back and against the counter.
That was all Sherlock had to think before he was up out of his chair and rushing for the front door, absentmindedly grabbing at his coat, scarf, and keys before he was out the door.
, was it lovely. This sweetness bled through, and the tenderness Sherlock put into the kiss took John’s breath away—it made him feel…
John rushed home to find Sherlock was already in his room and frowned. A part of him, knowing how terrible it was to want it, but a part of him had hoped Sherlock had stayed up waiting for him. So many nights John had waited up for Sherlock, but his husband didn’t care about him.
Sherlock’s words fell away because in the very instant he turned his head to look out at the swarm of onlookers, he found John standing outside of the police tape and...
“I only care about you and our pups.” Sherlock answered sincerely, surprising John with the softness and conviction of his words.
“I see where you’re coming from.” Mycroft acknowledged, “Nevertheless, Sherlock is an alpha and he’s waited for you for a rather long time. If this had been when he was
"Mm." The alpha hummed contentedly, the fog of arousal hindering his understanding at the usage of that word John had flinched away from earlier.
"Please, please Sherlock, don't..." John whispered so softly, Sherlock could hardly hear him, but he did. It was just perceptible enough for his ears, but not enough so that the camera was in range to pick it up.
Sherlock didn’t pull away. He remained tense in his hold and John hardly breathed for fear that he might offset Sherlock even more and then the alpha would pull away. Seconds became minutes, and minutes became a half hour, and still Sherlock remained. The longer the time passed, the less tense Sherlock became, until he fully relaxed in John’s hold, exhaled a exhausted sigh and drifted off to sleep.
"Is my soldier shy about the world knowing just how naughty you are?" Sherlock spanked John harder across his rear, his palm stinging glaringly and knew it had to smart as the alpha hitched a pained gasp.
Sherlock, an alpha, was never to take part in such a sexual act. Alphas didn’t taste their omegas in
As Lestrade made his way over to him, Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from asking, “Why have I got this blanket?”
"I know you didn't want this, but I am prepared for you to hate me if it means you will live, so hate me all you want."
“Oh, Sherlock, for God’s sake.” John pleaded for Sherlock to stop this, his heart was going to burst from the piling of wretched pain. He didn’t think he could take Sherlock’s anger much more. Ashamed as he was to admit it, he was close to losing himself to emotions and he really didn’t want Sherlock to see him in tears. The way Sherlock was acting right now, he might very well break John at the revelation of sentiment.
Mycroft exhaled a heavy breath, retrieved his suitcase, placing it on his lap, he flipped it open and took out a hefty folder.
“Come, John.” Sherlock sang out happily, bounding the steps of the gazebo and heading for the horse stables.
Sherlock would always answer John's confession with a rigid nod and continue with whatever it was he'd been doing at the time. John would leave with a heaviness pressing against his shoulders and a sickening churning of his stomach.
Sherlock Holmes was three years old when he first discovered he had a promised omega bond mate. He understood the mating traditions, and knew he could only meet his omega on their wedding day. Sherlock carried no desire to meet his promised mate at such a young age. Still, as the years passed and his parents spoke about his omega more and more, a curiosity started to flare within his mind.
Mycroft wouldn’t demean himself or his partner - if he had one - in such a way. There were still some monogamist alphas out there, but not as many as there ought to be. Mycroft’s sense of morality led him to believe that if someone expressed interest in another, they should have the decency to prove their admissions as truth.
Although John had always been social and had many friends, none were closer to him, or as important to him than that of his sister, Harriet. Since the death of their parents, Harry and John had stuck close to one another. They meant everything to each other. Sure they fought and argued to no end, but what siblings out there didn't. In the end they always realized how foolish they were being and would make up. Their bond was stronger than any argument and would most certainly survive a few bruised egos.
The case was going well enough, Sherlock was scrounging the crime scene for clues and John was helping Sherlock organize his thoughts when something caught John’s eye. Across the street, where the yellow tape divided the civilians and police officers investigating, John saw the media flashing their cameras and videotaping him, not the officers or crime scene—their focus was solely on him.
"Well, now that I've found your lost omega, be sure to keep an eye on him this time. He's rather a handful as I'm sure you're realizing." Mycroft said.
John glanced over to Sherlock now. The alpha’s back facing him and blinked away the dampness in his eyes. This no longer felt like their marriage bed. It felt like Sherlock was no longer his. The Woman had stolen Sherlock from him. Not physically, at least John didn’t think so. No, The Woman had stolen Sherlock’s thoughts.
Once the last piece of garment was removed, John lay back on the bed, exposed, and in full view of Sherlock. John smiled, the end of his mouth twitching with slight nerves. This felt slightly different, not in a bad way necessarily, more of a kind of newness. Sherlock wasn’t his usual self, he was slightly more reserved, and kept his thoughts within which made John nervous. He was unsure whether or not Sherlock would want him as much as he once had.
Over the weeks Sherlock's scent was changing; there was a sort of bitterness that hadn't been there. It was a woodsy sort of smell that reminded John of the times he'd go camping with his parents and Harry as a boy. It brought back memories of a happier time in his life and John loved Sherlock for it. Loved the new scent of their pups even more.
“I recently went to see her and she asked if I registered. She wants me to find an omega and I couldn’t tell her I already have one. I want her to meet you.”
” Mrs. Holmes squealed with delight. “Yes, yes of course dear. The two of you have been waiting for each other all your lives. It’s understandable. Yes, go, go and I’ll take care of the guests.” Mrs. Holmes giggled happily.
Sherlock let out a soft laugh, but it sounded so artificial that John was left wondering why he even tried clearing the tension.
John’s breathing was heavy, his face felt flushed though the room was pleasantly cool, and his body tensed with the need for touch.
“No! I won’t marry that alpha!” John swore and without another word stormed to his room and slammed the door behind him.
…then…an image of a possessive alpha mounting their omega mate and breeding them roughly flashed in his mind’s eye and panic seized John’s heart.
Sherlock shook as he frantically rushed to John’s side and ripped off the jacket of explosives from his body.
John should have asked for more time to think it over, but this was Harry they were talking about. Harry, his sister, the last remaining member of his family he actually cared about. For Harry he could kill, for Harry he could die, for Harry he could marry.
John knew this was the moment to let Sherlock know they could mend their marriage or let it go. He didn't want to admit it but... John loved Sherlock. Of course he still loved him, but he couldn't trust him. What about next time? What about when a new threat came, what would Sherlock do to save John? Pretend to die once more?
The moment he’d answered the call his mother was giggling with joy and speaking to someone on her end.
“Take a look at where you’re standing and make a deduction. You are to be engaged by the highest in the land.
“Oh, she was a sweet girl, John. Such a dear and she’d have cared so lovingly for Mycroft. I just know she would have.”
Now however, he couldn't push it away, because this touch was of his John Watson; husband, mate, alpha, and now... father of his children. John was... John was the answer to all the things unanswerable. He was the solution to all the world's problems. He was his soundboard. His moral compass. He was what made everything clear for Sherlock. Without him, Sherlock wasn't sure he could be the same as he was before he'd met him. Even then, he wasn't more than he was with his alpha. John was... John was
John pursed his lips as he hated asking for this, knowing Sherlock would go into a wild rage when he'd discovered what they planned, but knew this was all he could do to heal Sherlock once and for all.
John would have contented himself in remaining wrapped around Sherlock for hours more, but Sherlock had other thoughts and resolutely pushed John back, far enough to meet the omega’s gaze, guarded.
John was hurt. Sherlock’s features contorted to one of pain; he was hurting too. He’d been a fool trying to keep everything secret from John, but in his defense it was all to ensure he would remain protected—that all didn’t matter anymore. He’d inadvertently hurt John.
The flavor of John’s sex drove his omega wild, made his sensitive omega hole spasm wantonly, wanting to be filled and fucked. Sherlock was horny all anew. God, Sherlock couldn't get enough of John. He was going to milk John dry, and then beg for more of John's cock.
"I... I'm sorry Victor. I've only ever seen you as a friend.... a great friend. You are a wonderful omega, Victor, and I believe you will find someone who will love you--"
. Lestrade had proven his care was in direct correlation to his cock, nothing more substantial than that.
Sherlock glared murderously at the alpha for his accusations. As if Sherlock would be so superficial. None of that mattered. Sherlock simply didn't find he had the desire for expressions of affection. Or rather, he didn't allow himself, because sentiment was a weakness that would destroy him.
Sherlock felt a sickening churning in the pit of his stomach. He hadn't eaten anything for days and if he had even a small amount of substance in his stomach now, he knew he'd retch it out in this moment. He felt nauseous at the recollection he'd interrupted... Mary from proposing to
“I knew you would never physically, but emotionally…” Sherlock’s words faded away as his thoughts trailed away to more unsettling thoughts.
“Really John, I knew that already.” A faint smile crossed Sherlock’s lips before it vanished from existence. “Let’s go out for breakfast.”
"He'd die without the bite. He's mad. He doesn't know what he's saying. He doesn't understand as he normally would. I know my brother. He will forgive you... eventually. You both need this, John."
“What life? I’ve been away.” Sherlock could read the underlining worry within Mycroft and moved towards the gentleman.
John pursed his lips, displeased with the order Sherlock shot his way; just because there seemed to be a rivalry between these two omegas did not give Sherlock any right to treat him so hostilely. They were mates and John was devoted to Sherlock, but he wasn’t a dog and Sherlock needed to stop treating him as such.
Sliding his hand across the table, John reached out and took hold of Mary's other hand resting near her plate and held to it firmly.
“Yours.” John answered weakly, shutting his eyes then and nuzzling Sherlock’s nose with his own in an Eskimos’ kiss, foreheads pressed together still.
Sherlock’s fork scraped loudly on his plate, missing his strawberry by inches, his head snapped up and he stared completely taken aback.
Sherlock sent John a look, unable to attain John's meaning, so instead he set his pen down and took the bag. John watched contentedly as Sherlock hurriedly threw out the tissue paper, all the while he continued his carding of his alpha's hair.
“Sherlock, come back dear!” Mrs. Holmes cried out, as a door in the distance thundered shut, and then everything went still in the home.
“Come here you bloody mad fool.” John chuckled and raised himself up to wrap his arms around Sherlock, holding him close in a warm embrace. John smiled into Sherlock’s neck.
John tried not to let the temperature of the room bother him. In order to still his body from the chills and shivers, he quickly went to his room and grabbed a sweater to wear. He knew Sherlock's body was going through many changes and hot flashes were an extremely common occurrence.
"Be a good soldier and lay on my lap. Daddy thinks you need to be punished before you can have a treat."
Mycroft wasn't rash and Sherlock knew before that happened, the older Holmes would be certain of John's character. Whatever files Mycroft recieved on the alpha wouldn't be enough proof of character. John would have to earn Mycroft's trust if he were to give the alpha full access to Sherlock's money.
“With a psychosomatic limp, of course you have a therapist. Then there’s your sister: I saw your mobile was on the living room table.”
“You have.” John spoke brokenly and folded his hands together over his lap, nails pinching at the skin of his knuckles, calming the tremor that wracked through him.
"I had to promise dinner out with you and your mother, to get her to drop shopping with you." John had the dignity to sound slightly apologetic.
"Sherlock, please wait." John was unsure the omega would listen to him, so driven to destroy his brother.
As Sherlock felt John pulse deep inside, knot covering his outer entrance in its warmth and protruding hardness, he inhaled shakily and dug the heels of his feet to the mattress.
When Irene Adler was found dead, John knew how horrible it sounded, but he was relieved. The Woman was gone, no longer able to interfere in their marriage. Only… Only… there was the matter of Sherlock…
"I learned how phenomenal of a liar my husband is." Sherlock laughed humorlessly, raising his other hand to palm his face, bowing his head to shield his eyes for a moment. In a desperate attempt to hide the pain that wanted to be let free.
Sherlock turned away from John and called out towards the door of Mrs. Hudson’s flat, “Mrs. Hudson! Doctor Watson will take the room upstairs.”
” Sherlock excitedly chanted, body going taunt, stilling mid-thrust and suddenly John felt filled with warm release.
“I’m not some depraved sex addict!” John sniped, face burning hot at the very idea he’d… John didn’t jerk off, not like he used to as a child. In fact, excluding the time Mycroft gave him those heat educational videos, he hadn’t touched himself in years. Masturbation was more something he’d done as a youth when his hormones were haywire, but as he matured he’d lacked the motivation to do such.
Knowing he couldn’t hide out forever; John exited the bathroom and met Sherlock halfway through his pacing in the hall.
Eyes blinking slowly, Sherlock tiredly made his way to the bathroom, discarded his bloody clothes and entered the shower. Letting the heat of the spray wash away the blood, Sherlock felt his tension slip away. He scrubbed his body again and again, the reminder that just that morning he'd laid beside John, held him, and even foolishly kissed him.
“You’re perplexing John. Has anyone ever told you that?” Sherlock mused, a faint grin tugging at the corners of his lips.
The moment he’d sat down, Sherlock entered and took the seat across from him. The two said nothing as they ate, but John could tell Sherlock spent most of his time staring up at him curiously, as if still trying to understand the change in John.
John dimly nodded and watched as the older alpha left him to stand in a complete daze. Slowly, John wandered into the empty room and moved to sit himself in the bed, laptop and DVD’s resting at his side.
Sherlock pressed his full weight into John, giving himself fully into the kiss. Invigorated, his hips snapped swift and firm. Sherlock’s lips parted fully, willingly welcoming John’s inquisitive tongue into the warmth of his cavern. A devilishly crafty tongue awaited his entrance and when he readily came, John was ensnared in the sweetest warmth.
All the while John calmed from his powerful orgasm, Sherlock spoke, and slowly John began to understand his words.
.” Sherlock drawled slowly, inelegantly, pale eyes lowering to stare down at his own steaming cup, and twisted away from John.
Omegas were bitches to alphas. The alpha’s scent made John’s body react so because his omega desired to be filled and dominated; it was a shame that he’d endured countless betas ridiculing him for. Betas never felt the need to bend over and take an alpha’s knot, that was an omegas job. Or so that was what he’d been told. The fact an alpha could only knot an omega was a sign to the betas that harassed him, omegas were bitches. Sure it was when he was younger, but it had stuck with him, even now it made John feel weak and filthy.
"Tell me you want to be dominated." Sherlock sneered, and dug his nails into John's thigh he still held to.
Sherlock reluctantly unwound his arms around John, but didn’t move away fully. John huffed a breath of annoyance, and shifted further away to the edge of the bed, reminded of their first wedded night. Bitterness filled him at the remembrance.
Sherlock should pull away. He shouldn't lean closer. Their lips were a breath away from one another, sharing each other's breath. He could take what was clearly being offered to him, but he wasn't sure he had the courage. He could physically, but not emotionally and certainly not mentally.
“Mm.” Sherlock moaned softly, pulling away from the window and instead turned his head to face John, his eyes wide open, a thousand thoughts flashing through them.
husband, be his plaything to do all the dirty things she'd never let him do to her?" Sherlock laughed manically.
“Don’t stop!” John huffed animatedly, lips brushing the corner of Sherlock’s mouth and flitting his tongue, playful and mischievous.
"What...? Wait, Sherlock." Lestrade was trying, but the shock of the omega's appearance at a crime scene when all of NSY knew where he'd been for so long was hindering him.
“Yes, dear you will see him, but not for a long while. After you reach your second heat cycle you will meet him on your wedding day.” Mrs. Watson clarified slowly and with care.
“Speaking about mediators… There is something I’d like to ask you.” John started, trying to shake off the momentary weakness of swaying to Sherlock’s alluring alpha pheromones, as if it never happened.
Sherlock rolled onto his side to fully face John, placing a hand over John’s hand resting on the omega’s chest. His laughter softened. John’s smile faltered with nerves now that Sherlock lay so close to him and pressed some of his weight in the hand he rested over John’s.
"You will sleep with no one, not ever again." Sherlock was being petulant and vindictive, but could anyone in his position blame him? He didn't think they could. Sherlock had never even looked at anyone else in that way and he'd been hurt so deeply, he wanted John to suffer with him.
John’s eyes dampened as he turned his head and buried his face against Sherlock’s neck, scenting the alpha further, and inhaling the calming scent of his mate.
"I don't like it here." John admitted, remaining honest, and hoped that it would somehow soothe Sherlock's pain. If Sherlock knew how miserable he was here, he'd see that it was because of his love for Sherlock that he was staying and trying to make himself better. It wasn't that John liked being away from his mate, it was that he needed to be.
John didn’t love Sherlock. He really didn’t… Sherlock was sweet, extraordinarily kind, thoughtful, accommodating, and submissive when John needed Sherlock to be, always there for him, a good friend. A husband, a mate—arranged, a friend over time, but love…? No, John didn’t love Sherlock. He liked him as a person and sure they were going to try and make this marriage work, but that didn’t mean John
John wrapped his arms around his chest, shut his eyes and imagined that his arms belonged to the man he loved.
Mycroft exhaled a heavy breath of frustration. John had done some wrong, but than again so had Sherlock. Still, Mycroft could hear the hurt in his brother's voice and knew that right now, doing what Sherlock wanted was for the best. It ensured his brother would live.
“No mother. I have listened for far too long. There is no more you can say that I will wish to hear. I called this meeting not to argue, but to announce to you all that I can no longer sire any pups.” Sherlock declared, glaring at his mother furiously before glancing over to a rather pale looking Mycroft.
Sherlock gave a full body shiver, nails lengthening and in the next moment the sound of sheets tearing was heard beyond the sucking and panting.
"John." Sherlock deadpanned. Hearing his alpha talk so kindly about Victor and bringing up how terrible of a mate he was in the beginning was not helping Sherlock any.
“Please.” John keened, raising to his feet, pausing in his movements briefly when another rush of unsatisfying desire washed over him, the wetness of his leaking cock further dampening his pants and slacks.
John paused for a moment, scanning Sherlock’s features, trying to read his reaction, but Sherlock had shut down all traces of emotion, so John continued.
“Let’s head out.” John whispered weakly, voice soft, giving way to the tormenting thoughts raging within.
“Enough about college. You’ve become somewhat of a celebrity now, haven’t you Sherlock? Seen your pictures in the papers — yours too John.” Victor said John’s name more sweetly than Sherlock’s and earned a murderous glare from the seated omega. John remained oblivious to the act, listening on politely.
"I am!" John reassured, rocking his hips up and entering the tip of himself inside and shut his eyes as his mouth parted in a voiceless cry.
John’s fingers wove through dark tresses and he wept at the memory he’d once wished their pups had hair like Sherlock’s, now they’d never know.
" John hurriedly shoved two fingers inside the heat of Sherlock's omega hole and fucked him with hard, jerking thrusts.
Then something strange happened… Arriving at school the next morning, John wasn’t greeted by his bullies. John went to his classes and stared curiously at the empty seats of his tormentors. It was later that afternoon that one of his instructors told him to go to the office. Soon after arriving, the secretary led him to the principal. Sitting across from his principal, John had been informed that the students who’d been harassing him were expelled and that legal action would be taken against them.
Mary Morstan was a kind woman, but John didn't want her. John could never want anyone but his Sherlock. When they'd met through work, John could scent her interest. Mary wanted to comfort him and help with his pain, to form a partial bond, but John firmly rejected Mary's advances.
, when you're speaking, but it's usually subtext.” John grumbled to himself, trying to continue this strained friendship that had become their marriage because Sherlock didn’t remember him, not as he should.
John claimed Sherlock’s lips as his own every chance he could. Every darkened alley they’d entered on a case. Every tree they hid behind as not to be seen by their suspect they tailed, behind a building near crime scenes, in the cab as they drove around the city. Each and every opportunity that presented itself, John took. Surprising the alpha, as Sherlock stilled in John’s constricting arms for brief moments, words dying away, and when John began to pull back, only then would Sherlock’s mind catch up with John’s actions and needs. Then the alpha would pin John against the nearest wall or tree, and consume his mouth in the most zealous kiss John ever experienced.
John met Irene’s gaze weakly, the fight in him had faded. What was there to fight for? Even if he tried, even if he succeeded in convincing Sherlock to refuse Irene and remain faithfully his, John was still broken and would never be able to give Sherlock what Irene could.
“What is your name?” John finally found the courage to ask, though knowing the man might not give it or lie.
A pitiful mewl filled the silent room, John hunching over, arousal electrified when Sherlock sprung his pelvis off the mattress, driving powerfully up, springing John
Sherlock halted in his pacing, a somber expression crossing his face as a thought occurred to him—a solution he’d considered once. It seemed extreme before, but now… Now, after he’d exhausted all other efforts and options, it seemed like this was the only viable answer left.
“Oh. Did you get a better offer?” Sherlock curiously asked, wondering what could possibly be so important that Moriarty would essentially let them go.
Sherlock never did sleep that night. He had lain in their bed cradling John within his arms and watched him as he’d drifted to sleep. Sherlock had stayed with his omega until the bright sunlight shone through the windows, illuminating the room. Sherlock remembered how he’d spent long moments caressing the relaxed features of John’s cheek as he slept. His fingers grazing John’s bottom lip, so full and inviting, and he’d desperately wanted to kiss him; claim those innocent lips as his own, but John would fear him even more if he were to wake to the alpha taking advantage of his resting form. At least his omega trusted him enough to sleep in his arms. Maybe there was hope for them. If he was patient enough, John might take his words to heart; know that Sherlock would cherish him all the days of his life. Or…things would remain the same and John would never accept him as his mate.
Knowing that if he didn't at least eat some of the food John set out he'd be required to hear the alpha stress the importance of regular meals, he gave and ate a bit of what was presented for him.
The alpha nodded and moved away from the shut door of the room and closer to the now still omega staring at nothing.
"Thank you," John said before the door could close on the government official and received an apathetic glare from the gentleman the door shut and the agent went to the driver's end.
John’s eyes fogged over in tears in less than a minute, and all he wanted to do now was cry and tell Sherlock he still loved him, and cry some more. He couldn’t though, because he knew he’d made the right decision for himself.
The silence grew heavy, loaded, so unlike how it’d been months before, but things were changing… Changing for John… Sherlock’s knot slowly receded until at last his cock slipped from out of him. John didn’t waste time as he rose from Sherlock’s bed—or was it their bed? He’d been sleeping in it since day one of moving in, but not as of the last two months, and that was what mattered.
“I can’t deny it. I was… for a time. I was so blissfully, ignorantly happy. I felt so strongly for you, but that was then, this is now, and I hate you.” John lied. Anger fueling his words, but his heart clenched sorely from the paining lie and the look of utter misery in Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock was filled with an infinite amount of satisfaction. John knew. Knowing what Sherlock intended to do and watching as Sherlock took steps to enforce it must be intensifying the dread that was building in the alpha.
Mycroft prepared to explain that the agent should do as the rest before him had, yet stopped himself before he could. Deciding that this routine of Gregory's needed to stop once and for all.
John tucked his head under Sherlock’s chin and inhaled his scent, content that Sherlock smelled more like him than anything else and he knew he must smell heavily of Sherlock.
Instead of dominating, Sherlock was dominated. Sherlock let John guide their movements, decide what they would do. Then John said those powerful words and Sherlock felt great grief. It was tormenting each and every time John said those words to him because he couldn’t believe them. How could he when John was feverish with heat and knew that he was no good for giving in and consummating their marriage during a confusing time for his omega?
Sherlock shut his eyes, inhaled John's intoxicating scent and hummed. Thanking whatever higher being had blessed him with John. He knew that their life together would only get better. This was only the beginning of the many joys that would follow.
Sherlock's arm firmly brought John as close to his side as possible. His smile softened as if the mere sight of John made his heart melt and his insides turn to fluff.
John needed to do something to defuse the situation and now, finding his opportunity with Moriarty momentarily distracted, John moved swiftly, took hold of Moriarty and shouted, “Sherlock run!”
“You play beautifully.” John grinned and daringly leaned over to press a kiss to Sherlock’s free shoulder and smiled when Sherlock spun to stare at him, eyes softening, endearingly.
Sherlock smiled kindly down at John, a large hand layered itself over John’s caressing the alpha’s cheek.
What would John do if Irene became Sherlock’s second? Would Irene live with them? Would Irene take the spare bedroom or sleep in their room, forcing John to take the spare? Would Irene live in another country, as she traveled a lot, and Sherlock would travel back and forth between John and Irene? Would Sherlock stay for longer periods with Irene because she wasn’t on suppressants and was fertile? Would Sherlock give his heart to Irene and eventually abandon John?
“Say hello dear.” Mrs. Holmes nudged Sherlock’s arm with her elbow, smile faltering with embarrassment when Sherlock refused to greet John.
"Get out of my head!" Sherlock raged and struck his right temple harshly, hurting himself in the process of hopefully silencing the voice.
“No omega will want you now—you’ve brought shame to the Holmes name!” Mrs. Holmes blubbered, but Sherlock didn’t care. He didn’t care that he’d be ridiculed, that he’d lowered his status and was now considered far lower than any omega; none of it mattered to him.
“Stop saying that!” Sherlock hissed furiously and John slammed his eyes shut tightly, preparing for the blow that usually came.
“I wish for the only gift to be given is the touch and care you posses, tonight…in consummation of our union.”
Sherlock hummed with accord, never looking up, entirely focused on his project. John wasn’t bothered by it, seeing how engrossed Sherlock was in his work, and bustled around the kitchen preparing their tea, and retrieving some biscuits as a midmorning snack. The more food he could get into Sherlock the better.
Sherlock stared on in bewilderment; the only woman he’d been close to that day was Molly. They’d been surveying a victim’s body at the morgue. He’d brushed passed her a few times during their examination of the body, all innocent contact, but her scent wouldn’t have rubbed off enough that he’d be drenched in her scent. Then again, John was an omega, omegas senses were the strongest of all, so of course he’d scented Molly.
“Don’t look at me like that. I don’t want to be here either.” Mycroft grumbled shifting uncomfortably in his chair and Sherlock smirked, knowingly. The gentleman’s alpha senses were put off at the scent of his brother’s recent sexual activities.
"Pardon..." Mycroft cut off the alpha's ranting, brows raising with alarm. "What...? Who told you about...? John?"
John said nothing, suddenly realizing Sherlock was able to deduce his reluctance and bowed his head, staring at their feet less than a foot apart from one another, reminded of their wedding and looking at their feet in a similar position and couldn’t understand why his stomach gave a lurch at the remembrance.
John pulled his hand out of Victor’s warm grasp, suddenly aware of the curious stare the man gave him, but it abruptly broke when he placed his attention back on Sherlock.
Sherlock would have refused John’s offer if he had not glanced at his mother who shot him a deadly look. Sherlock was an intelligent man and knew it would cause him far less pain refusing the alpha of this one simple task than his mother. Resigned to his limitations, Sherlock bowed slightly and took a bite of the cake John offered him; French vanilla with strawberry filling.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed, lips parting as if to say something, but then he shut them and nodded adamantly. A spark of hope twinkled in Sherlock’s eyes.
The thickness of John's chest hair blanketed Sherlock's own and when they moved Sherlock felt the brush of it, it tickled and yet felt strongly arousing. It was confusing, and at the same time ever so lovely. Removing one arm from off of John's shoulder, Sherlock fondly stroked the dark blond, almost brown chest hair.
One of John's hands scrambled for Sherlock's cock and gave it three strokes and Sherlock let out a sob. John's knot slamming past Sherlock's rim, sealing them together. The rush of semen stuffing Sherlock past the brink and feeling nearly unbearable. Squirming and shivering in John's arms, Sherlock came with the feel of a rough thumb scrubbing the wetness of the head of his cock.
“Please!” John whimpered, squirming, rocking up into his clenching fist, come pouring from the spout of his extensive length and whitening his hand, lubricating his strokes.
John tried to go back to sleep, but then Sherlock’s hand lowered to caringly run over his round belly. John hummed sleepily, the feel of Sherlock’s hand running over his shirt and belly felt wonderful. The softness of John’s cotton shirt gliding delicately over the sensitive skin of his stomach was a pleasant sensation.
"Old. I know you want to say it." John smiled and Victor covered his mouth to stifle back his giggles.
John broke their kiss with several short wet pecks, the last a suckle of Sherlock's bruised bottom lip.
“Mmm!” John panted, precum generously trickling out, the spout of his cock an angry red—he didn’t have to see it to feel the blood flowing and setting his skin on fire.
John broke away from the kiss despite the despairing whine of protest Sherlock made and tightened his grip on the alpha, keeping him at bay when he attempted to dive back down and re-enact their kiss.
want to, but not now. I’ll… I’ll do everything else, but we shouldn’t—” Sherlock struggled to voice, lacing his fingers through John’s own and leaning in close to nuzzle his cheek with fondness.
Sherlock in his life. For so many years John had been so alone. He had family and friends, but no one who he could truly open himself up to. In some ways, John still had yet to open up to Sherlock, but he would in time. And still, Sherlock was the one person he’d opened up to more than anyone else. It was just that he’d been hurt so much in the past and he’d withdrawn from the world, he’d secluded himself and found it difficult to trust others, but he wanted to trust Sherlock…
“I’ll leave you to your lessons then. Remember, if there is ever anything you need of me, just let me know.” Mycroft chuckled; amused that John was actually speechless.
Sherlock was so close now; he could feel his stomach coil in the want of it, the starting of release, and a throaty noise deep in his chest was released. John's hand took hold of his stout cock and gave it hard, quick jerks, his thumb rubbing urgently at the underside after every upward stroke.
“Your skin feels so hot, John.” Sherlock noted worryingly, mouthing at the clavicle before him and John hummed in agreement.
“Mm.” John hummed, distracted by the sudden contact and stared at Sherlock’s hand holding his own, but never pulled away.
“John.” Sherlock rushed, taking steps towards him, but John shakily raised a hand, willing Sherlock to stay back.
“I’m sorry for that. I’ll be more agreeable.” John answered, completely missing the point and wrapped his arms around a stunned Sherlock and brought him into an almost loving embrace.
Sherlock didn't fight his alpha when John pulled him in close, allowing him to bury his head against his hard stomach. Winding his arms in a sheltering, consuming embrace around Sherlock's head. A hand moved to rake a calming path through dark curls, while his other curved around Sherlock's shoulders and pressed him tightly against him.
John watched Sherlock and Mycroft converse. Sherlock wanted to leave and Mycroft wanted him to change and agree to help on a secretive, but apparently important case.
When Mycroft and the alpha started discussing his health, Sherlock slipped into his mind palace. What had once been a place of security was now a cluttered mess of chaos. He'd been mentally unstable for two years, institutionalized for ten months. Even so, Sherlock was able to hear bits and pieces of the alpha and his brother's conversation.
“Well then, tell him John… Tell Victor you’re not interested.” Sherlock folded his arms over his chest and glared across the table at his mate.
“I can’t help it. My kind… Our lives have been chosen for us.” John smiled sadly, not knowing why he was opening himself up
Sherlock's claws dug deep into the mattress and constricted, pulling fistfuls of the sheets in his palm, and held fast. Slick poured out of him so heavily both of his sexes were drenched in it.
"Wait until after everyone has their cake in hand, then we'll go outside for some fresh air, since by then you'll be suffering from a hot flash. After, we can sneak out of here and go home."
“John’s gone into another drop, worse than before. I don’t know why. He was fine, and then he started screaming. I had to break the bedroom door down to get to him. He wasn’t really aware of anything. The doctors are with him now.”
John didn’t want him. Sherlock didn’t like the fact NSY would know of their true relationship. He worried about how they would respond. It was no secret that although they appreciated his talents of deduction, they weren’t friendly. Sherlock stressed over how they would treat John because of Sherlock’s relationship with them. Would they be judgmental because John was an omega and Sherlock’s husband? Would they say hurtful things and further destroy his fragile omega? John was physically strong, even mentally so, but not where his status was concerned. It was clear that John hated his status, felt helpless because of his identity as a Captain and omega, and he was suffering from an identity crisis.
"John..." Mycroft spoke kindly, pitying the alpha and his brother all at once. "I will help you. We can fix this."
"Feel good?" John asked, settling himself beside his mate, chest pressing against Sherlock's back all as he wrapped an arm around part of the omega's extended waist.
John inhaled sharply and turned his head to face Sherlock, palming Sherlock’s face with his hand, his bloodied hand staining flawless pale skin, John pleaded, “Sherlock… Our pups, you promised, save our pups.”
Maybe he shouldn’t have registered? Being alone wasn’t so bad was it? This… It all felt a bit strange.
"I will never let you claim me as an alpha should claim an omega. You will become my bitch and I will use your body in any way I see fit. If I use your hole and strip you of the right to orgasm, if I use you to achieve pleasure and never give you any in return, it will be my right and you will have to accept it. Until I see that I am healed and then choose to leave you."
Sherlock tuned out of their conversation then. He didn't care to hear what they had to say. Instead he quickly began gathering all the voices that still dwelled within his mind, intent on tearing them to shreds.
When Sherlock entered his home office, he collapsed onto his grey leather chair and angrily yanked his tie off, throwing it as far as he could before burying his head in his hands and let out a soft, wrecked whine.
John stared over to Sherlock seated beside him and gave him a look, pleading with the alpha to not lose his temper, but Sherlock never regarded him. He was too busy glaring at the other two men seated across from them.
. Sherlock had said, and he'd sat across from him, but the omega didn't talk. He'd merely stared at John, scanning the worry in his features, inhaled a deep breath before leaning back in his chair and rubbing at his eyes.
"Stop, Sherlock!" Concern pierced the alpha's words. Sherlock was growing wild and uncontrollable, he might end up hurting himself. Sherlock didn't care. The physical pain would be a welcomed distraction.
Lips parted, delicately drawing it's counterpart between their own in a wet suck, then took to loving each other's tongue and delving from one mouth to the other. Sucking and tasting.
Sherlock gave a slight shrug of his shoulders. “Somewhat, but I find that I feel less so each time.”
Shutting his eyes, John inhaled heavily of the scent within the room, of an unbound alpha… Strong and pungent with a hint of sweetness: musk, cinnamon, lemon and mint. John scented himself, an unbound beta, vanilla, hazelnut and musk. They mixed so well, so perfectly, impossibly so. A beta’s scent should never compliment an alpha’s, it wasn’t normal, unheard of. Alphas were to bond with omegas, that was the way of the world. Betas were the lovers of alphas, but never the bond mates. Never.
"I need someone who understands me, and Victor is one of the only people that understands how I feel."
John didn't like the way Victor said his name and chose to ignore the question, because that didn't matter. As John checked Victor's lungs and heart, he was painfully aware the omega was staring intently at him.
Sherlock slowly raised his head up to meet his gaze and John felt his heart come to a sudden halt. Sherlock had never looked at him like he did now. Features void of emotion while those piercing gray depths held little recognition or care, as if John meant little to him.
Sherlock still didn't know what he wanted to say. He wasn't even sure he wanted to say anything. Instead of speaking, Sherlock slipped his hand back up John's neck and back to his jawline and continued his stroking of his skin with his thumb.
Turning on his heel, Mycroft went for the door. He couldn't do this. He needed out. His hand reached for the door knob. A strong hand grabbed hold of his arm and held fast, spinning him around to face the warm eyes of a man who made Mycroft not himself.
John shut his eyes every so often so as not to risk being caught by the omega - Sherlock believed him to be asleep. Still, John felt pleased when Sherlock had his fill, two and a half bananas. Rubbing his filled stomach, Sherlock gave it a sure pat.
“Sherlock’s beta is apparently better than me.” John rasped, setting his cup down on the coffee table and burying his head in his hands.
"Shut up." Sherlock swallowed thickly, breath hitching by the confirmation he was attractive to his alpha.
“I’m coming!” Sherlock growled with annoyance, glaring back at the open door and where they knew Lestrade to be.
"I hope you're ready to give up your figure Sherlock. Our John's been wanting pups since forever." Harry teased and John flushed, mortified.
Either of their experiences were far more bearable than what had started to affect their work with NSY. There had been the snickering behind their backs, the sneers and dirty jokes that followed left a bitter taste in John's mouth.
"He loves you, sacrificing everything to ensure you lived, even if you can't see it as living. Sherlock... He must truly love you."
The omega looked completely different from the previous video. The peaches and cream complexion of the omega changed drastically, heat rising to the young man’s face, deepening in color as his body temperature rose. The omega let out a soft whimper, edging back onto the bed and lay his head on a plush pillow. Rolling over onto his side, the omega grabbed another pillow and hugged it close, attempting to calm his fever.
John glanced over to Sherlock still strumming at strings and muttering to himself. Sherlock promised him that John was all he needed. That it didn’t matter if they never had children. Having John by his side would be enough. All of those promises Sherlock had made were when he’d loved him, now though… Sherlock didn’t love John. All those promises were invalid and so to was the love Sherlock once had for him.
“John.” Sherlock said again, trying to make John understand something that didn’t seem important right now, not at this moment.
John shot Sherlock a look of irritation, but was met by cold blue eyes that seemed to want to flay him.
John’s lip twitched in a faint smile, Sherlock ever so cunning and amusing with his comebacks. At least that had remained the same.
In front of him, John took in the sight that befell him. His father and Harry stood waiting, beyond them across the lush green grass were placed several hundred white wooden chairs. The center dividing the two sections of chairs was an aisle of white and pale blue rose petals. So many, so beautiful, and John could scent their subtle sweetness.
“There have been some rumors, and some of those sleazy magazines have hinted that you two might… I have happened to find the two of you in a rather romantic restaurant, so I have to ask — a date?”
Again Sherlock tensed in his hold, but John knew — he finally knew Sherlock cared. It wasn’t love, but care meant something. Care meant Sherlock was changing — changing back to the person he had once been. Care was enough for now. Care would turn to affection, affection to consideration, consideration to need, need to love, or so that was how John had slowly fallen for Sherlock. If John could love Sherlock after everything that had happened to him, Sherlock could most certainly fall back in love with him.
” Sherlock shakily mewled, shuddering uncontrollably, one hand releasing John’s arm to grasp at John’s lower back, griping and pinching painfully at the muscles and skin to hold onto to something all while tugging himself closer and curling himself firmly around John’s head and back.
“Sherlock.” John growled, the alpha within displeased his omega thought him disloyal. John was a faithful alpha submissive. So what if Sherlock’s friend — peer — whatever, was attractive, John wasn’t attracted to him in the least bit. John found Sherlock the most beautiful of anyone and that was what mattered.
The answer wasn't if Sherlock could love John. It was if he could let go of one lie. One big lie, but a lie that Sherlock had to admit did not change the way he still loved John. Albeit it hurt, knowing he'd been a fool to the manipulations of his brother Mycroft- and what he suspected, his parents.
“I will find your underground terror cell, Mycroft. Just put me back in London. I need to get to know the place again, breathe it in. Feel every quiver of its beating heart.” Sherlock was tired of dealing with Mycroft, yes he understood his help was needed, but really… Two years working to destroy Moriarty’s network was a lot of work and he’d finally completed his mission, all he wanted now was to see one person in particular.
John didn’t want to talk about this anymore, but now that they were, he needed Sherlock to understand that although he hated the hypocrisy of their marriage, if… in the future Sherlock wanted to be with another—although, it didn’t feel okay, he would accept it.
“Please.” John held Sherlock just as securely, eyes shut as he buried his head in the crook of Sherlock’s neck, nudging the alpha’s scent gland with his nose, and took the rough pounding of Sherlock’s swelled cock.
John powered off the alpha’s mobile and tossed it to the ground before pouncing, sucking possessively on Sherlock’s flushed neck and the alpha whimpered under him.
"You're..." John shut his eyes, and dully banged his head against the door. His nostrils stung all as he took a deep whiff of his beautiful Sherlock in heat.
Sherlock took several deep breaths, calming himself. He didn’t like it, but understood that this was a game. Only a game, his omega was still his.
The alpha’s long legs gave him more of an advantage and John had to walk speedily with his cane to keep up. On the third turn, John lost Sherlock.
, do I want to hear your voice. I love your voice." John choked back on a sob, tears springing to his eyes, knowing he would hurt them both with his request, but he needed to ask it.
John felt himself recoil at the realization that this wasn't going to be another confession of love but a proposal of sorts. Become John's proxy alpha. John felt sick at the idea. A proxy could never be anything more than an unworthy, incapable mate, and John would never destroy his memory of Sherlock. John's heart could only ever hold one within it and even though his Sherlock was gone from this world, Sherlock still possessed his heart and body completely.
Sherlock left soon after bearing witness to John's betrayal, because this most certainly was a betrayal. This was a betrayal most foul, because John was telling lies all so he could bond with that... Victor, knowing how Sherlock detested the omega.
“The omega that has been chosen desperately needs a bond mate. He’s already so much older than all the other unbound omegas, and if he isn’t bound soon, he might never be.”
"I don't mean to hurt you. I just need you to understand that Mary and I - our marriage isn't a relationship. It was only ever a facade for my mother."
Irene scented their den and marriage bed with her pheromones. She’d defiled their room with her scent. A normal alpha would have been enraged, except Sherlock wasn’t. Sherlock instead calmly had Irene explain herself and then agreed to assist her.
Over their many meetings and cups of tea, John found himself opening up to her. Mrs. Hudson noticed the coldness of his and Sherlock’s marriage. She knew it was an arrangement to ensure Sherlock’s health and John found himself confessing his own side to it. John told her everything about Mycroft’s visit and his agreement to ensure his sister’s life. The contract he’d signed only stated he keep the truth of his arrangement from Sherlock himself, not that John couldn’t tell anyone else.
Woodsy musk with the hint of mint. So soothing, Sherlock couldn't be blamed for burying his nose against the alpha's hard chest and clinging to his shirt. He'd do the same with any alpha, including Mycroft, so it really didn't mean much to cling to this alpha when alpha pheromones were drowning all his anxiety away.
"No, you aren't." John approached Sherlock cautiously as the omega struggled to put on his maternity trousers. They no longer fit.
“I think that’s enough for today. We’ll shop some more later.” John laid his hand over Sherlock’s pale one holding the bear.
Without warning, John shoved Sherlock onto his back and straddled his waist. Sitting there, he felt the solidness of Sherlock’s cock nudging the cleft of his ass.
“Good.” Sherlock kissed John’s ear, and John wanted to curse him, but then Sherlock was rolling John over and John opened his eyes to watch Sherlock pull back and grab the bottle of lubricant.
Sherlock palmed at the bulge of John’s red pants, breathing in deeply of John’s strengthening arousal.
“No, Sherlock. I love you. I’ve loved you since the very first time I laid eyes on you. I love your fierceness. I love how you emanate authority. I love you for your mind. I love you for your peculiarity.”
“Mnugh.” John garbled, only realizing he’d lost his words to ecstasy as Sherlock’s petal laced finger stroked up and over his weeping cock.
The graveling chuckle that rang out and filled the room had John’s face heating with a deep blush, thankfully hidden in the pillow.
are two different things. Trying means you’ll open up to me and accept me. All you’ve been is civil rather than being the frigid omega you were our first night.” Sherlock’s voice lowered several octaves, turning spiteful.
“You staying by my side is all I need, John.” Sherlock leaned forward and pressed his lips against John’s damp cheek, kissing away a trail of tears.
Why was Sherlock trying so hard? John didn’t want to do this case, damn who was asking them to, this was unsettling.
“John." Sherlock sneered his name much like a frustrated curse. Yet he contradicted his tone when wrapping his arms tight about John's shoulders and held him close. His claws dug through his flesh in a needful attempt to take John's unforgiving, steadfast thrusts. Puffing out heavy breaths, Sherlock took in the fullness of John's cock, stretching, and stinging his entrance into submission.
The front door slammed so loudly, the walls shook from the force, and John was left at a loss of what to do.
"I... I don't know. I... was in the army for so long and they meant nothing. They were just a way to let off steam."
“Hello. I’ve wanted to meet you for a while now.” John gave in, though traditionally an omega was to introduce themself first.
When the reception ended, John was ushered by his parents to leave in a limousine with his alpha. They were to go to the Holmes' home. His in-laws and parents would shortly join them. John begrudgingly did so.
in a crack house, John lost it. He yelled and berated Sherlock, and damn his mate for lying to him. Pretending he wasn't high off his kite. As if John was going to take Sherlock's word that he was clean. No. John had dragged Sherlock out of that crack house, arguing all the way to the car. He'd even gone as far as shoving Sherlock's protesting form inside the car Mary was waiting in. Once they were all inside they went straight to the lab, because he was going to test Sherlock's urine.
"I was asking her questions in regards to the case. If I hadn't we wouldn't have learned Mr. Johnson had a key card to the hotel and we would not have solved the case." John rationalized.
Sherlock glanced away from the intensity of John's gaze and after an awkward moment, all on Sherlock's part, he rose from the bench and looked in the direction they'd come.
Sherlock ushered them past the door, but as soon as he attempted to shut it, Mrs. Holmes stuck her heavy foot at the doorway, keeping it open a sliver. Sherlock opened it slightly, releasing some of the pressure that might have been there and stared up at his mother.
John’s life had once been simple, yet now he found himself living in lies, lies for his sister Harry, lies for his husband Sherlock. Lies he himself had to live. It was all so hard to handle, given, John prided himself on being an honest person and now, he lived in the guilt of his lies and fear of being discovered.
“Yes, of course we do, but let me explain that these products, since it’s so high tech, each bottle has an expiration date, so I suggest you take a few more just in case—”
John frowned and stared up at Sherlock with a look that spoke of his distaste for Sherlock's choice, but he said nothing of it verbally. There really was no need to when his eyes spoke up for him.
John’s tear-stained eyes snapped open as a bloodcurdling scream ripped from out of him. Thrashing around, trying to remove the hands tightening their hold on his arms, John sobbed, terrified.
“Oh, are you being shy now?” Sherlock sighed softly, lips joining his hand and pressing over his bare shoulder blade.
"Yes, dear son-in-law." Mrs. Holmes cooed and Sherlock physically gagged at the sweetness in his mother's voice. She was horrendous.
Sherlock spent the time in which John jabbered on staring at the man in bewilderment. John was as perplexing as the universe. Infinitely.
“Bloody specimens in my fridge. Imagine! Keeping bodies where there’s food. And the fighting! Drove me up the wall with all his carryings on!”
Laying himself flat on his back, John raised his knees, bending them and spreading them open in full view of the hidden camera facing the bed and Sherlock felt the omega within squirm at the sight of his bond mate. John was a complete mess, flushed flesh, heaving sweaty chest, the chest hair was dark, darker than John’s blond hair and it wasn’t unattractive. Sherlock found thick chest hair unattractive, but this… John’s chest hair wasn’t thick, it was light, not as light or fine as his own, but enough so that one had to be close to notice it entirely — or have a high-tech camera that could scope it out. The dark chest hair lightened further down John’s torso, lower still, a dark trail led from under John’s navel to the thicket patch of dark gold pubic hair. Sherlock shivered. He felt a full-on shiver claim him at the sight of John’s hand reaching out and griping a hold of his throbbing, soiled with cum cock.
Silence was his answer and Sherlock felt victorious. Alphas were tall, muscular, strong, overbearing, and they
John and Sherlock remained voiceless for several long moments. The gravity of what had happened and what was going to happen played in their minds, but both were unable to do anything to stop nature.
There it was again. That pain in his chest. Only this time Sherlock couldn't ignore it, because the discomfort, the pressure that felt unbearable, was slowly destroying him. Inhaling a sharp breath, Sherlock turned away from the sight before him, shut his eyes and tried to erase the sight of the two of them smiling at each other.
"But what?" Sherlock edged, uncomfortable with the pause. How thoughts of Victor Trevor could cause John to fall deep within his thoughts.
“Do you want to hear me say it?” John rasped shakily, a hint of anger layering the pain in his voice.
Only his smile quickly faded when he realized Sherlock had deserted him. Left him alone at the crime scene to figure out his own way back to the flat. Bloody git.
“You can’t bond a beta man, Sherlock. You need pups!” Mrs. Holmes protested the absurdity of Sherlock’s intentions.
Sherlock bit his tongue, unsure how to respond. Since their heat everything about their relationship had changed. John wasn't holding back his affections and Sherlock wasn't fighting them off, though he knew he could. A part of him didn't want to. If he did, they'd revert back to the way things had been before, and then... John might go out to spend his time with Victor Trevor. As it was now, John had only visited Victor twice in the last six weeks, which was infinitely better than the three times in a week that had been a normal routine of his mate.
