Nothing.
“How truly gratifying to know you think so.”
I’m going in,” John whispers.
I’m a—therapist—of sorts.
Now is not the time for him to be blushing furiously for all the weary, stay-at-home mums doing their mid-day shopping to see.
Sherlock murmurs in his other ear.
Sherlock drags his tongue along the crease of John’s thigh, and John hisses, thrusts vainly into the cool air.
He strokes the beard again, as though contemplating it’s demise.
“You sure, ‘cause I…
Sherlock’s fingers are warm, and talented beyond belief, they slide up his nape, spread out over his scalp to rub tingling trails there.
And Sherlock sits across from him and nibbles at his food, occasionally rubs the side of his foot against John’s under the table, and generally beams.
“Because you don’t feel well, and you’ve been up all night.”
Stole something; something from the hoard?
“Mmm…
He grins again, and marks himself down as a fool.
“Is it?”
“Good, because I don’t have any,” John huffs.
A warm, wet press of lips, slide of tongue.
“Right.”
“Then you’ve made your choice?”
“I do.”
Sherlock goes cold.
Some kind of cold, immovable, data-processing machine?”
“I’ve got you, Sherlock.  Whenever you’re ready.”
John blinks.
He had been surprised by Sebastian Wilkes.
Best not to let Sherlock in on that little secret.
It’s rare he gets a compliment.
Greg pulls Watson up onto his lap, and doesn’t even bat an eye when she starts playing with his tie with sticky fingers.
He does it again, and John feels his cock fill, remembers the night he lay in bed and touched himself, remembers, suddenly, that he told Sherlock about it, and…
John wants to protest, on principal, but he supposes that Sherlock isn’t entirely wrong, and it seems he’s starting to drift off, so best to not start a row now.
“It’s fine.
“Good-morning.”
Harry cocks a brow.
Sherlock moans, and now it’s John’s turn to feel those words echo through his veins.
“You.
John’s hand is on his face.
A rustling in the woods behind him yanks Sherlock out of his head and slams him violently back into his skin.
He tries to give her his card, and she shakes her head.
You were right.
The first part is easy.
You know Mummy was married before.”
“It’s the rule.
Now shut up and relax.
He won’t stay away forever, though.
John sighs.
John sends off the photos, and a brief description of everything Wilkes had told him, and then pockets his phone and heads for the tube.
“You’re already a grumpy old man.”
“No.”
About an 8, I guess.
someone in his chair—frozen, glass of scotch in one hand, beard concealing the contours of his drawn, grey face, a new pair of jeans and an old button down shirt hanging from his too-thin frame.
John grins like an idiot at ‘we’.
“Come here, then.”
He reaches across slowly, lets his fingers tangle with the tousled strands—wavy, and a kaleidoscope of colours: gold, taupe, even a few silver.
He winks.
There was a trundle they pulled out for me.
“The usual.”  Mumbled into the fabric.
He turns and brushes past John.
It’s been hours since John left and then returned.  He’s cooking now.  Sherlock can smell rotisserie chicken and mushroom risotto.  He can hear John tossing a salad.  No doubt he’s trying to lure Sherlock out of hiding, to soften the blow when he explains gently and with a look of pity in his eyes, that he isn’t
Stark naked.
He snuggles down beneath the blankets pulls one up to cover his nose, and looks quiet ridiculously, inarguably endearing.
The problem is, he still isn’t entirely sure what he’s apologising for, and he certainly doesn’t know how to go about doing it.
She reminds him a bit of his mum, and he tries not to think about that.
And I told him he can’t…”
John rolls his eyes, and suppresses a chuckle.
It’s not what he had expected when he’d imagined allowing himself this.
He doesn’t have to wait long.
“I’b fide.”
John can feel his eyes starting to droop.
“John?”
“Hey…” John urges softly.
“Yes.”
I know this seems sudden and strange.
His head is still swimming, but he’s clear enough to hear John’s pain.
God, Sher…”
He lets his hands slide up and down the length of Sherlock’s spine.
“I want him to hear. I—I need him to know that…”
“Oh.”
Sherlock wraps his icy hands around the warm cup, but says nothing.  He’s been at the station eight hours, and he knows no more now than when he got here.  He feels useless, helpless. He thinks of John, wherever he is, alone, possibly in danger, possibly in pain, and his stomach twists in a ball of nausea, his normally sharp brain blurring to a field of pure, white nothingness.  He’s numb with it. Numb and useless.
And then John is crowding against him, turning him, and he is about to lash out again, in spite of himself, when he hears Huxtable.
That’d be nice.”
“Like a baby.”
It was—what I do.”
“They’re like tiny little worms you usually can’t see.
John scowls.
It’s almost painful.
“Papa said ice cream!”
John grins, wincing a little around the headache that is still clearly plaguing him.
Rosie nods, and Harry looks up at Sherlock.
He’s still wrapped up in the afghan that had been unexpectedly gifted him on the train, and he’s cocooned in it like it’s the only thing keeping him cognisant.
John grins.
“And you have to believe me when I tell you I have no idea how Mort got his hands on it.
The only chance he has now is to capitulate.
“Why?”
“Something, I think.”
The water video only makes him anxious, so he goes looking for another.
“You seem to think this is all some kind of joke, some sort of game.”
Hadn’t heard of this until you mentioned it.
Thorry.
From what I gather she wasn’t too keen on leaving Arthur here, and only did so because of his education.
Truthfully, casual sex was much easier.”
Sherlock waves a hand dismissively.
He gives the camera a wave, and remembers too late that it makes him look like an idiot.
John nods like maybe he understands.
Sherlock slides forward, off of his heels, rises to his knees again, and lets go of John’s hand.
I owed them.
“Perfect,” Sherlock finishes for him.
Yeah, well hang on, I still have to watch this video.
It’s just me.
“You sound terrible.”
“Think, John.
“Is that who owns it?”
Mycroft sticks the tip of his umbrella onto the sedan floor, and stares down at it as he turns it in slow circles.
“What?”
“Gentlemen, may I remind you that this is Level 2 ward, and we have patients who need quiet.
“Watson, your Aunt Harry visited today, and she brought you a gift.
Because the longer he does, the emptier he feels, and the emptier he feels the more he wants something, anything to fill the gap.
“Because I know the full story, and you don’t.”
“Okay?”
Let yourself in.
John smiles.  “Not sure.  I guess that’s up to you to decide.”
Why wouldn’t it be?”
“Mm, you told her, you said, ‘My John, is a romantic.’”
John leaps out of bed.
Sherlock blinks.
John rubs his hands over the steering wheel.
John’s brows disappear into his fringe, his eyes following Sherlock as he gets to his feet and heads for the door.
It’s not.
“Yes, well.
He murmurs.
Been following you for weeks.
“I’m serious.”
Wilkes nods toward it.
She nods, and then motions towards the landing.
“I’m not sure I know how.”
John turns to look at him and, after a moment, nods in assent.
John frowns.
“I promised Rosie a cupcake with her supper.”
You okay?
Sherlock’s eyes open a little wider at that.
“This.”
He takes his own coat off and wraps it around his shivering shoulders, pulls the hair back from his forehead to look for scrapes and bruises.
He clicks, pauses, stares.
He tucks the thought away to consider later, when he is more awake and less hung over.
John reaches the waistband of his trousers, and hesitates.
It was something else, those ‘adult things’ that Mycroft had occasionally sneered at, and which Mummy and Dad refused to discuss.
“I do love you, you know.”
Let’s go, then.”
I’m sorry.
You need me.
Not a single text, email or call.
The adrenaline drop will come later, but for now he is a force of nature, fierce, competent, and brave.
Stop struggling, you’re going to hurt yourself.
You know his father said he never had any friends at school, solitary pursuits, and then the trouble with the drugs after the accident.
He’s going to start coming off over-eager.
Rosie looks up from her colouring book.
John’s heart races in his chest.
She ignores him, as she always does, moves into the kitchen, puts the bag on the counter, putters about clearing the table of the dirty dishes from that morning’s breakfast.
He turns.
“You smelling me?”
“Up then.”
She does not look in the least bit distressed, and yet—she’s here to discuss murder.
That was just me plain having a bit of a panic.”
Oh, perhaps he plays to your very sincere goodness, kindness,
He knows John can see his approach out of the corner of his eye, but he’s choosing to ignore it.
He sets the painting down, picks up his cup of tea, and wanders back down to the door to the back garden.
“It will be a mess.”
“I’m okay.”
It’s a little like the fur thing.
“Do you think it would be something somewhat—permanent?”
But he likes to think that he is capable of something beyond that, too.
John stares back down at the tiny envelope lying on his thigh.
“Yeth.”
“Of course I am.”
“I will.
He looks up.
There was a time when he wouldn’t have.
He listens for her television, or any sounds of movement from downstairs and hears nothing.
The one on your intro video and that one you sent me.”
John frowns, and cracks his eyes open, squinting up at Sherlock’s serious face.
“Excuse me?”
That is bloody amazing, you know that right?
“No, Sherlock, I…”
Sherlock stares down at the mattress, and fiddles with the corner of the condom packet in his hand.
John needs him.
“That pool?”
“Okay.
It’s hateful.
He is supposedly a friend of Mike’s, so maybe…
I’m not imagining it?”
Sure.
“Well ta.”
“You would want to?”
It’s now or never.
He hadn’t meant for it to come out sound quite so…
Sherlock steps into the room with a wordless ‘O’.
Sherlock chuckles.
And John had hated every moment of it.
John is gorgeous, relaxed, thirsty, coming apart slowly, slowly beneath Sherlock’s seeking touch.
He carries their bags into the second parlour which has been converted into a master suite, and starts to unpack.
It may just be a crush, a new obsession, but he’s had both of those before, and none of them have ever felt like this.
Maybe we should just enjoy it.”
Sherlock’s eyes glaze over, heavy lidded.
“Yes.
After she turned up dead, I knew that Frank had to have been murdered too.
It doesn’t take them long to track down the headmaster, who somewhat begrudgingly agrees to show them to Arthur’s room.
PTSD my therapist says.
He had imagined a carefully arranged evening, a little candlelight, a little conversation, or perhaps a spectacular case, the thrill, the adrenaline of it racing through their veins.
It’s heady, the feeling of being inside of him, of Sherlock’s body pulsing around him, hungrily trying to pull him deeper, John wonders if he might not take a second finger.
Sherlock helps by shrugging out of his shirt when it is undone, and then John starts on the flies to his trousers.
“I suppose you’re taking me out here to murder me.”
“No, but there’s one in the bedroom at the back of the wardrobe.”
I’m unaccustomed to—being with someone in this way.”
“Yeah.
That’s when John looks up, looks around, and sees him before he can duck back behind the palm.
He hadn’t realised he was so emotional about it.
“Sounds good.”
“Ask my brother!”
It’s barely a whisper, which somehow seems appropriate given the hushed atmosphere, the pale, glowing silence outside.
Bit of an arrogant sod.
“Don’t bin the eyeballs.  They’re an experiment.” Sherlock orders from the sofa.
Sherlock is half hard now, and John wonders if he should help him along.
John is, rather, protective, and hasn’t he always been, Sherlock thinks, remembering the early days, and John’s well-founded fears about the press.
There is the click of a deadbolt lock, and then another, and then the sound of Sherlock walking, shutting a door behind him.
“Yes, text Huxtable too, and then make an appointment with Wilder.
He can tell Sherlock is smiling, and he huffs in response, because he can’t deny it.
Sherlock can barely feel his breath now.
“John, I…”
Sherlock’s head pops up, face nakedly stricken, and John sees in that moment just how much he has broken him, how his lack of courage is hurting him over, and over, and over again.
We’ll handle the situation internally.”
“Yes, you thought.
He loves him more than he has ever loved another human being, and he’s never said.
“You—you want it?”
So do you.
“It’s not about you, okay.
John chuckles, and Sherlock looks over in surprise.
Punishment?
You’re—in your clothes?”
He does want what Sherlock had been thinking, hoping he did.
He is the mirror opposite of the wild thing Sherlock had seen unleashed earlier in the evening.
Thanks for earlier.
John’s brows ascend into his rumpled fringe.  “Yeah, see, I’m not really sure what that means.”
If you’re going to be my partner, then you had
Mycroft has a team of his people watching our flat.
“Yes, well--they’re already a sight, and the added weight of all this snow may finish them off completely.
“That a first?”
“Tell me you know I love you.”
a small cardboard box with a gold seal, and inside two chocolate truffles nestled in berry-coloured tissue paper, and a tiny envelope.
“Mmm, you’d let me…”
“Very good.
The change of topic throws John for a second.
“This.
The full five?”
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock is more responsive this time.
He gets up and pads to the loo, tosses his soiled pants in the sink and cleans up with a flannel as best he can.
Jaw tight.
When it finally subsides, he lays still, listening to Sherlock’s panting breath slowly calm on the other end of the line.
If you’ve changed your mind, it’s perfectly okay to…”
“What mothers?”
John props his head up on one hand and trails a finger down Sherlock’s spine.
Do you have a time of death?
“I know that, John.
After a few more minutes of careful assessment, John pats him gently on the shoulder.
“Do you want me to be.”
Just there, on the side of the bed if you will.”
When he falls back in step beside him, John blinks up in the bright morning sun and nudges his arm a little with his shoulder.
Sometimes, perhaps.”
A voice.
“Last time, who are you?”
“Jesus.”
Different bodies respond to different sorts of touch.
Need to wash up, check some emails.
Sherlock’s eyes never leave his, and even when the last wave of pleasure has wrung itself from his body, he doesn’t look away.
“Yes.
He doesn’t know how long he lies there, but he’s chilled through when he can finally breathe again.
“Don’t.”
I need to know…”
I need help.
And that’s when Sherlock shivers, and his eyes spill over.
“I told you, I’ve never…”
Do you think that your work will always be so dangerous?”
“I want to touch you.”
_______________________________
“You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”
You can’t send your own bloody text?
Sherlock swallows.
Or is doing the washing up too common for someone posh as you?”
She looks him up and down, and frowns.
A huge thanks to Ariane DeVere whose amazing transcript of The Great Game made this chapter infinitely easier to write.
“I don’t want to hurt him again.
Sherlock makes a small sound in his sleep, and John’s cock gives a half-hearted twitch.
I hate you.”
John frowns, eyes taking him in.
John’s mouth presses closed, and he nods slowly, and then jerks his chin and turns suddenly toward the hearth, rolling up his sleeves, and reaching down for what little wood they have left.
“Like?”
“Alright.”
Family.
“You want me to talk to you?”
The man grins.
John walks deeper into the room, there’s a kitchen just off of it, modestly appointed but roomy.
“Like…”
Sherlock sighs and John grins.
It’s madness.
“You just keeping this jumper of mine?”
“I was with someone else—a friend.”
“Yes.
“Double chin…”
“Sit up, okay.”
Not even going to ask you how you knew that.
It’s the closest thing to belonging he’s ever known, and he’s fairly sure he could say the same for John.
Interesting…
“What am I thinking, John?”
Sherlock scrambles off of him, and lunges for the bedside table.
“You’re angry?”
John rubs at the back of his neck.
With the video.
“John.
John snaps.
“Right, and that’s us done then.”
It’s early days yet.
“Christ, I love you.”
They both smile.
“Between two blokes.
It’s okay.”
“Okay?”
“You were there when I needed you.
I’ve been a bit ungrateful, I think.”
A jolt of adrenaline surges through Sherlock’s veins.
He pushes the food around it with his plate, and risks a few more bites, evidence of just how hungry he is.
“John…”
Of course.
The flakes are fat, floating down slowly from a slate-grey sky.
“Are you sure?
Firstly a broken sherry glass on the floor.
He hates John Watson for his sea-dusk blue eyes, and his small, square hands, and his body that is soft and strong all at once, all the while smelling of honey, and tea and verbena.
It’s not in his profile, and true, John hasn’t watched all his videos, but everyone else refers to him as SensoryScience.
You have that at your flat?
“Thank you.”
Sherlock offers.
John had been there.
“If we—keep doing things, like the things we’ve been doing, and I leave, or you leave…”
“What?
It’s profane, and beautiful.
“I’ve often thought I was the worst.”
“Please don’t leave.”
She smiles, her eyes dropping to the child stomping all over her shoes.
Had the neighbours all in a fit.
John smiles.
He feels like a fucking fool.
His eyes are everywhere, reading John in that way he has that makes him feel naked even under three layers of clothes, and he’s wearing considerably less right now.
Ella sets her notepad down on her lap.
Sherlock, look at me, okay.”
Sherlock lifts a hand to stroke over his head.
“Yeah.
“Yeah, see—I’m not as clueless as you think I am, and I don’t think you’re quite telling me the truth.”
“Don’t worry, I’m sure it will be a very pretty, wrinkly arse.”
John frowns.
“Because everyone has a real reason.”
He’s starting to feel better.
When he returns to the flat, Mrs. Hudson is just exiting with a bulging bin bag in her hand.
“It’s this.
“You’re not rea…”
He walks through the door, lets John shut it behind them.
“No.”
I avoid the crinkling ones.
John whispers it, and for some reason that one word settles in Sherlock’s heart like a balm, soothing all the feelings he couldn’t quite name, but which had been plaguing him ever since everything had gone wrong.
He keeps his eyes trained on the road ahead, and doesn’t say anything.
I started splitting my time between here and the Middle East.
“It’s been a smash, Luv.
Sherlock nods.
“You can say the word.”
Perhaps it was what John actually thought he wanted, but…
It’s immediately clear why their housekeeper had been in such a state.
John winks.
“Yes!”
John huffs.
John thrashes his head from side-to-side.
Angelo winks.
He wants to buy the thing while he’s riding high on this cloud of confidence and Christmas joy, before doubt starts to take hold again.
Maybe this time there won’t be cold feet, won’t be drawing close only to pull away, won’t be flirting, and winks, and the occasional furtive grope, that leads to panic and retreat.
You always wake up at 6:00, anyway.
Somehow they get out on the street, and they are halfway down it, when John realises that Sherlock is propping him up, arm around his back, body pressed steady and warm against his side.
John’s hand disappears and lights again at the base of Sherlock’s neck.
“Perhaps he wanted to match your dress.”
“Oh, you’re awake Dr. Watson.
Sometimes he listens to music, sometimes he just turns on a fan.
Does she…?”
He says nothing.
Sherlock sets one hand carefully back in John’s lap and picks up the other.
But Sherlock is sitting there waiting.
But please stay.
“That’s better.”
She smiles.
And this is Sherlock doing what he always does.
Sherlock sighs.
And I was astounded at your courage.”
John takes it, lets himself be hoisted up from the floor.
John is clearly thrown by the change of subject, but it’s too late, and John is too exhausted to go through the door Sherlock had inadvertently opened with his ill-timed words a moment before.
John snaps, and then seems to catch himself.
“Good Christ.”
Sherlock pulls a chair closer to the fire and cracks open the book to the spot he’d left off the afternoon before.
With a sigh he gets up, and pulls on some pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt, and heads up stairs.
“Maybe a few.
“And if I won’t?
“God…”
Asked if you were in hospital for an overdose.
Together.”
John smiles tightly.
“Yes.”
Instead I spent two years thinking I’d failed you, while Molly-fucking-Hooper all but had your personal mobile number!”
“Thought we could watch something.
They have been walking for nearly 10 minutes, when one of the men stumbles, knocking a large rock down a nearby crevasse.
Not a child.”
He’ll make a cheese toasty for himself, and maybe just some hot toast for Sherlock, and they can both have soup.
He—he could be in trouble.
They seem to have very little in common.
It very much does seem like a dream…
“Protozoa actually.”
have any theories as to what has happened to your son?”
Do you want to sleep?”
“It’s alright if you need different things from your physical intimacy.”
“And what do you conclude, Captain?
It’s fine.
Perhaps he’s still high from
John wants to be angry, but really he’s brought all this on himself with his unrelenting and utterly ridiculous jealousy.
I’m so sorry.”
“No.”
Sherlock’s brain feels thick and fuzzy, like a blanket of damp fleece has been cast over it.  All he can see is John, John’s blood, John’s body—broken, barely moving, right leg twisted oddly at the knee.  Not right.
There’s a hole in our security.
Growling in frustration after two or three aborted attempts, he finally lifts it to his mouth.
Sherlock walks over to the table and hands John his cup of coffee.
Sherlock doesn’t move.
He finally manages.
He waits until he’s back in the confines of his own flat before fishing the phone out and looking at it.
Sherlock reaches back and locks the door behind him, and then sits down beside John, tries not to think about how many hours the restaurant has been open, how many people have likely used the loo since, then, just exactly what it is they may be sitting in.
“Yes.”
John takes another deep, and trembling breath, and looks over his shoulder.
John blinks, and then suddenly his hands are cupping Sherlock’s face, small, and warm, and his thumbs are tracing along the lines of his cheekbones, causing Sherlock’s eyes to slide shut, and the tears he hadn’t even realised were swimming in his eyes, to spill over.
John stirs and then groans at the crick in his neck and searing pain in his shoulder.
Sherlock shakes his head.
He stares at the ceiling, and Sherlock stares at him, and wonders how it is, in this moment, that John Watson can look eight and eighty all at once, and how it is that Sherlock finds that so intriguing, so fascinating, so utterly appealing, that every cell in his body aches to have, to hold, to shelter and protect, to surrender and to serve.
It hits him suddenly, what this is, what they’re doing.
Some of his desperation from before is waning.
Thank you all for your patience in waiting for this chapter.  As always I am so grateful for your encouragement, and all your kind comments.
“Everything you did that first case wooed me.”
Sherlock asks, taking in the slump of his shoulders, the trembling of his hands.
I hardly see why we would need two flats.”
John nods and Sherlock hurriedly unfastens it, unzips John’s flies, and yanks his trousers down.
“Mmm.
“Heidegger didn’t take the boy.
John gets up to get himself another drink, but then decides that 4:00 is technically time for breakfast, so he’d best make it tea.
The sun.
“You don’t have to keep apologising.”
Sherlock nods once.
He nods again.
Sherlock pops up and props himself on his elbows.
John can hear the tension in his tone.
He clicks it open, only to realise he doesn’t have any headphones.
He paces his flat, momentarily considers getting a cab and going over there, but that would probably just make things worse.
Sherlock picks up his box of dinner again, and stares into it as though it might contain the answers to everything they’re fumbling through.
Mike pulls a pen and small pad of paper out of his breast pocket, and scribbles something on it.
I know.
Sherlock’s hearing is very good, because he seems to know the minute John has stripped the last of his clothing.
“Dr. Watson here keeps you busy.”
“You at least using clean needles?”
John squeezes Sherlock’s upper arm, eases him onto his back, stares down at the wrinkle forming between his brows, and presses his thumb to it.
“That okay?”
So—do you want me to go back to London, or…?”
“You do.”
Sherlock swallows, cheeks flushed and wet, beads of sweat running down his forehead, chest flushed red.
They eat in silence for several minutes, before John finally speaks.
Maybe this time will be different.
, how he
John frowns.
“Hello?
His chest feels tight, the still raw wounds on his back sting and ache with the pull of his shirt across them, and his eyes burn.
Sherlock pouts.
The safe word…
“Yes, I think so.”
He claws his way out of the murk and mire of his brain, gulps in a great lungful of blessedly clean air, and jolts upward, with John’s name on his lips.
Everything that brought us together.
He can feel it behind screwed lids.
John wiggles a little, assessing the damage.
“Yes.
Sherlock steps forward and takes her gently by both arms.
You know what it’s like when you’re sixteen…”
Sherlock rocks up into John’s hand again, an unspoken plea, and John seems to have just enough presence of mind left to understand.
They’re really interesting.”
She’s worried I…”
“Rule?”
He winks, and to his delight Sherlock actually does blush at that.
Back then I probably would have tossed a tube of lotion at you and told you to get the fuck out.”
John chuckles.
“What did?”
Do you trust me?”
“Shh…
It hits him suddenly, what they’re doing.
East wind?
And then he winks, and John giggles, and Sherlock chuckles as he finally plunges his hand into the night stand and comes out with a condom and a half-empty tube of lubricant.
Quite right."
He posed as a client, and then tried to force the information out of me.
John huffs out something between a laugh and a sob, and Sherlock forces a smile for him.
Yelena, I believe her name was…”
“Uhh, that does defeat the purpose a bit.”
In January.
“Yeah.”
“It’s familiar territory, is it not?”
“Yes.”
“You know how those things tend to go.
It makes him want more—to touch, to hold, to possess, and yield, and…
John attempts to hiss in his ear, as he marches along beside Sherlock in the slippery lane.
“It wasn’t that Victor bloke, was it?”
He takes a look.
“Christ, you’re right, this isn’t the time, and I’m—I’m sorry.
He’s probably frightened the bloke off with all of his—well, whatever the bloody hell it is that’s wrong with him.
He let’s his hand hover over it.
He addresses Tregennis.
I shouldn’t have said…
“Yeah, we do.”
He wasn’t expecting this, wasn’t expecting it at all.
When John looks back up, there is a sureness in his gaze that Sherlock has never seen before.
It’s only fair.”
“Suit yerself.”
No doubt the police have already destroyed or whisked off anything truly useful.
You’re still recovering, and it’s not just the physical stuff.
“I know what you mean.  And I do, too.  I love you.”
“Then let’s.”
It made him ache, and burn, and need with an urgency that could not be denied.
Right.
John huffs out a small, affectionate laugh that lands on Sherlock’s cheek, and ruffles his eyelashes.  “Yeah.  You’ve been doing nothing but repeating everything I’ve said, for the last minute.”
He huffs, and stares down at the desk, wondering why his throat suddenly feels so tight.
He’ll make tea.
You want to lie down?”
Next.
And when John’s face pinches into something tight, and anxious.
You don’t have to.
There’s time—time to take the edge off.
They wander the streets of the small village on foot, but most of it seems to be abandoned.
They are here looking into what happened with Arthur.
“Not sure.
He stokes the fire in the bedroom hearth, burned down to mere coals now, and then slips into some warm socks and pulls a dressing gown over his pyjamas before going downstairs to investigate further.
“Guess it’s my turn.”
I’m sure.”
If not, I’ll meet you there.
Oh Christ.”
Right.
“John Watson: Professional
“So—you going to be gone long, or?”
There are windows on one side, but it is so overcast outside, that they do nothing to cut through the thick black.
“You’re safe.
I—I don’t know what you’re so upset about, but—of course you can give her a gift.
He kisses him.
Ella’s right.
A waiter brings starter salads, and then plates of steaming lasagna, and even some tiramisu to finish everything off, all of it on the house.
It was good.
This alone is worth the cost of the session, he thinks.
“I’ll stop being a bother and leave you alone.”
Temporary, but I can’t hear much.”
“Well, that was one of the reasons.
He goes to sit beside him.
I hated you.
Seaford if I’m lucky.
“Yeah?”
He’s careful as he approaches, only because he knows it is what John would expect, that he would never forgive him if Sherlock were to give over to panic, rush in, and get himself shot, or worse.  But by the time he gets halfway there, he is left in no doubt, and the blood he can see matted in his blond hair, and the bruises he can see up his forearms make him forget every ounce of resolve.
I asked if you would ever consider making love to me.”
He pushes down, watches Sherlock’s trousers drop in a heap around his ankles.
Sherlock who’s finally managed to unfasten the vest, and who is ripping it off John’s body with such desperation and force that it causes John to stumble back a little.
When he finally strolls back into Sherlock’s cordoned off cubicle an hour or so later, he is holding an icepack over knuckles wrapped in gauze, and has an exhausted, hungover look about him.
“You think I’m going to submit to you, you’ve got another thing com…”
“Mmm.
The black screen dissolves into a shot of a man’s torso and hands.
John swallows down his fear.  “I… What would you do?”
John grins.
“It was meant to be a surprise. Your Christmas gift.
But Molly is only for a day or two, while Daddy and I get some important things done.”
It’s something Sherlock can appreciate.
John smiles.
“STOP!!!”
“Come here.”
It’s always so easy in a fantasy, but quite another thing like this, with John real, and breathing, and looking at him like that.
John huffs, and lays back to stare up at the sky.
I know it.
I’ve known—for years.
Sherlock smiles back, winks, and then gets up and heads for the bedroom.  There is no question that John will follow. It’s what John does, always, without question.  And that is the crux of the thing that they have been exploring between them, of late. Well—Sherlock has been exploring it.  He wonders how aware John has been.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say, so he doesn’t say anything.
“As opposed to…?”
“I didn’t expect to like you so much, to want you so much.
“Love you, too.”
It’s early, still dark as he pads back into the kitchen, turns on the light over the cooker, and then fills the kettle.
John does, and Sherlock now has enough room to lie on his belly, if he keeps his legs bent at the knees.
Help me bring some wood into the bedroom.
If he’d known she was going to be so accommodating, he wouldn’t have bothered at all.
“No.”
“Thai, Chinese, Indian?”
But finally it’s done, and all there is to do is to text the link to Sherlock.
Sherlock chuckles in a breathy huff, presses John’s body back down against his, and thrusts deeper, all the way home.
He wonders what those curls would feel like between his fingers, if Sherlock’s slightly flushed cheeks are as warm and smooth as they look (how, so late in the day?), what his full bottom lip might feel like beneath his thumb.
He’s hard as a rock, and so, he’s pleased to discover, is Sherlock.
“Never?”
“Why?”
Sherlock grunts, and grabs onto John’s arse with a firm squeeze.
Sherlock slips from the bed.
Do you get comments like that all the time?
“Hold that.”
Wonderful?
John, as his sister had so accurately observed two days prior, looks like shite.
“You okay?”
“I saw.
Absurdly trusting, and not at all safe, and so painfully ‘John’ that it makes Sherlock want to gather him up, tuck him away safe, and never let him go again.
John’s fingers find the buttons at Sherlock’s cuffs.
“Johnny…”
“Yeah.
He won’t.
“Don’t be ridiculuth.
“I don’t know.
Arthur lives up to his level headed reputation.
“Need a ride, Soldier?”
We can go straight from here to mine, or if you would like to go home and change into something more comfortable first, that’s fine too.”
It’s not easy for him, and yet he does it, he lets Sherlock look his fill.
John seems to recover a bit at that.
He reaches out and finds Sherlock’s head, fists his fingers in his hair, and pulls his head back, away from his neck even as he arches his back off the tile and thrusts his cock against Sherlock’s.
Waiting to use the loo, no doubt.
It’s all new to me, too, John.
I fail to see why you should be so warm
John goes and starts to boil some water for coffee.
John stirs, tucks the blankets up under his nose.
He could take care of it, he supposes, but it seems ‘not on’ to masturbate in a near stranger’s loo.
“I—I guess I’d be a bit of an idiot to refuse.”
John huffs out a laugh, shakes his head and then looks back up at him.
When Angelo finally heads back to the kitchen with a wink and another slap to Sherlock’s back, and they are alone again, Sherlock’s foot slides up against John’s under the table, and John smiles and rubs his shoe against Sherlock’s.
Sherlock does both, and John settles down on the sofa beside him.
Reality is different, and somehow all the more precious for it.
“Come here, okay.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock whispers again, and John sighs.
John’s heart aches.
He wonders, now, if he should have warned John more, discussed it with him, not done this thing on a whim after his accident a week prior.
Well over two years before, waiting for John to come back to their shared room, and their shared bed on a case in Dartmoor.
Yes, we should.”
Jesus.
Anytime.
He makes the most embarrassing sound, hears Sherlock exhale at it, like he’s just had the wind knocked out of him, and then Sherlock surges forward, climbs on top of him, and pins his wrists to the bed.
He doesn’t linger to help him up, instead he just hurries down hallway, and shuts the door to the loo.
“He had me out for coffee a couple of years back, to try and convince me to go to your wedding.”
He has his hands stuffed in his pockets, and strolls like he hasn’t a care in the world.
Sherlock dips back into his box of dumplings, takes one bite, and then bins the rest.
John can see her writing something down.
“Sorry.
He throws up his hands.
“You thought I would go?”
“I know you don’t.”
He holds up the letters, and Sherlock rubs a hand over his face, and lets John arrange some pillows behind him, before lounging back again.
He takes a moment to refill both of their wine glasses.
He hears John swallow dryly in the dark.
He comes hard, and wakes up in the throes of it, with a shout on his lips that threads out into a groan.
“People suffer from people assuming…
He picks up the pace to something frantic, desperate to be done before he is caught out and interrupted.
John sighs and flops back in his chair.
The Duke, his Italian wife, and the boy—thin with his father’s wide, pale eyes, and his mother’s dark, wavy hair.
John hands him the list he’d hastily scribbled on the back of a napkin, and then takes up the two mugs of warm cocoa topped with a marshmallow and a peppermint stick and carries them over to one of the tables furthest from the door.
“Did I?
“Promise me you won’t hang up again.”
Sherlock steps out of his trousers, leaving them a heap at his feet, and shrugs into the t-shirt John holds out to him.
I’m sorry.”
He’s going home.
Mycroft scowls at his back, looks over at Sherlock, who simply cocks a brow in impatience, and then he gets up and leaves.
Sherlock murmurs into his shoulder.
Warm, slick heat envelops his cock, and glides, and he sobs with pleasure, strains against his bonds.
Sherlock chuckles and switches out the slide in the microscope once again.
John takes a deep breath, lets it out slowly, feels every last drop of tension let go.
“Me too.
Sherlock has always been exceptionally good at this, the way he wraps two fingers and a thumb around John’s base, and strokes him in unison with the slide of his tongue, the hot suction of his mouth, the way he moans against him, and the saliva.
“Fine.”
Sherlock’s breath puffs hot against John’s forehead, as his heart slows.
“But it’s not just that.”
He sighs, and moans into the pillow.
Sherlock seems ridiculously passionate about the case, seems to take the boy completely seriously, is actually investigating.
“But?”
He heads upstairs with Rosie, dresses her carefully, even as he can hear John tearing about a floor below like a small hurricane.
It was never just about the work.”
Sherlock reaches into his pocket for his gloves, and his hand closes around a folded piece of paper.
“Why?”
“Don’t do well with people leaving, with feeling like I’m being blamed for things I didn’t do.”
There is a residence order his brother had rushed through for them just a few months prior, so Sherlock is John’s alternate.
She watches it every year.
It hits him full force.
You were always sneaking in and out of the flat.
You, apparently, are the exception.
Show Daddy what happened?”
He might have dreamt it, vivid though it was.
Sherlock sets the condom and lube down on the bed, and lays down.
Most of it will go straight outside.”
I know it’s a lot to ask, but I—there are just things I need to get done and like you said, don’t want to wake her.”
“Just the wind.
His hair is ruffled, and lying soft against his forehead, which is mapped with lines.
“I’m going to leave.
“What was that?”
But there is something, isn’t there?
“John…”
I don’t tell you enough.”
John turns and catches Sherlock’s eye, flicks his gaze furtively toward the camera.
John grins.
“Condoms.
Yeah, I’ll take them off.”
“Hello.”
“Mm, well I have a good doctor.”
“Continue.
“Well, you look nice too.”
He wants, but he’s finding all those old familiar reasons to not.
The curve of John’s bare spine visible above the waistband of his boxers, pale and vulnerable, rises up suddenly and vividly in his mind’s eye and his
“And a t-shirt.”
“You’re thinking it.”
John smiles, and palms himself.
“Yes, well…”
him, wants to be here, like this, with him.
Their trousers hung together over one hanger.
Sounded like a bit of a dick to me.”
Sherlock loves this bit, the light-hearted teasing and banter that comes before the fevered groping, and kissing, and frenzied frotting.
John picks around his plate in silence.
She always said he loved her.
I learned to not draw attention to myself.
“My brother doesn’t have friends.”
“Do you want to talk about what happened just now?”
He wants their homely, shared flat, and their companionship, and the warm body next to his in bed at night.
After a moment he looks away and gets to his feet.
More people are staring, and John is getting more and more agitated.
There’s silence on the other end of the line, but he can hear Sherlock breathing.
He’d kept his shirt on, as asked, but he also unfastened all the buttons but one.
“Wanna kiss you.”
“Yeah, but why not bring it to my flat?”
“Okay.”
, he suddenly realises.
“Mmm.”
Sherlock’s mouth quirks slyly.
Going by the colour, I assume that’s hers?
Sherlock’s eyes crack open, still heavy with sleep, and his brow knots in the way that always makes John want to lift a finger and smooth it out.
His neck is in agony.
John sighs.
But they could hardly be bothered with him, and the relationships had never developed, so his awareness of what aroused him had, for the most part, remained theoretical.
“I’m good.
“Maybe I’m not either.”
“But still, a word…”
The man’s mouth quirks even as his brows furrow quizzically.
No interest in romance, sex.
Sherlock unfolds his legs scoots back, and extends his ankles toward John.
“I would have died with you.
Sherlock lets his head fall back to the pillow.
“It’s okay.
The day is sunny but brisk, and he’s grateful for it.
“It will have to be.”
John grins as his cock twitches and fills so close to his face.
“So, were you in Thailand at all?”
His fingers disappear from Sherlock’s head, and then he is stretching out, propping his back against the headboard, and pulling Sherlock into the V of his legs.
I beg your pardon?
And John said I shouldn’t if I don’t want to.”
He had all but forgotten in all the excitement of the week.
Three.”
It’s hard for him to imagine Mrs. Hudson anywhere but in the hustle and bustle of London, but here he is, after all—quiet, content, feeling the full warmth of the sun on his face for the first time in what feels like years.
John reaches down and smooths a hand over the small package he’d slipped into his pocket before they’d left that morning.
Redbeard is gone and never coming back, but he can’t help what he feels, and when he looks at the those amber glass eyes, staring at him across the dusty expanse of the office, golden with late autumn light, and lined with old books filling the space with the scent of benzaldehyde, vanillin, toluene and ethyl benzene, he yearns to gather him up and draw him close with an ache so fierce it almost registers as pain.
Sherlock has gone back to touching him.
John grins dopily.
“Yes.”
“John Watson!”
John’s cheeks go pink, and Sherlock wants to kiss him, but he pushes down the urge.
John shrugs.
We should.
“Stupid.
“I just mean…
“I was honoured that you would tell me.
John agrees.
John looks down at the first question and smiles.
You are.”
He feels his body tense and then relax and take it in with a swiftness that surprises them both.
He remembers the weight of his body atop his, the warmth, the way he’d slept like a baby, and had no business doing so with insurgents in the hills, and them right in the line of fire.
He reaches behind himself and takes up the bottle of lube lying on the bed, and John sighs with relief, as he watches Sherlock dispense a little in his hands, rub it between his palms to warm it, and then…
John’s hand comes to Sherlock’s hip, remarkably gentle now, resting there, guiding him, as Sherlock sinks down, lets John fill him up.  It’s so much better than anything he could have imagined, and John’s fingers could never have prepared him for this, for the stretch, and the burn, and how deeply John fills him by the time Sherlock is fully seated in his lap.  John’s eyes have gone wide, his mouth parted in panting disbelief at the sensation.  It’s a revelation for them both, Sherlock thinks.
“Mm.”
His hand shoots under the covers and clamps down, like maybe, somehow, he can stop it from happening, but he can’t of course.
“Well, tell me!”
“Beginnings and endings almost always happen in hospitals.”
John snorts without thinking.
“Are you willing to be an active participant in the cuddle session?”
After John has refilled his plate a second time, and added a log to the fire, he stabs a dumpling with his fork and speaks.
“You’ve filled in the cracks in my life.
You don’t think I want to?
He presses a little firmer, and John gasps, his hips snapping forward.
“Then perhaps you could try enjoying yourself, and me, instead.”
The pores on his nose are larger than elsewhere.
He could acknowledge that even as the noxious fumes rose to overwhelm him, as he felt his senses swim and his wits leave him.
And it is good.
This is your brother.
Perhaps John is angry that he doesn’t talk more, ask for more.
John looks back up, and Sherlock smiles.
“One of the many reasons I love you.”
It means he needs to stop—feeling.
Well, there’s nothing for it.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
John’s brows lift, but he doesn’t have to be asked twice.  He goes, lies on his back, throws his hands over his head, chest heaving and eyes bright, and Sherlock can barely make his legs work, but somehow manages to find the lube, and make it to the bed, to crawl on top of him, sit back on his thighs and reach for John’s cock.  He’d dispensed rather more lube than probably necessary in his haste, but John doesn’t seem to mind the slick squelch as he thrusts up into Sherlock’s fist.
Apologies.”
Christ.”
“You’re a menace.
It seems to break the ice a little.
John sighs and pulls closer, buries his face against Sherlock’s throat, and kisses there, salty, hot; feels the vibration of Sherlock’s answering moan against the sensitive skin of his lips, kisses him again and again, until Sherlock is clinging to him and whimpering his name, and John can feel the long, hard length of him pressed up against his thigh.
He swings the door to his bedroom open and, to his great surprise, almost trips over John who is laying on the floor, back propped up against the wall, legs extending across the doorway.
The whole weight of his arse on John’s throbbing, aching cock.
It’s never happened before.
He pours himself a finger of scotch even though it’s only ten in the morning.
“Quite right, Holmes.
“Yeah.
John looks surprised.
“Oh, so you two talking about me behind my back now?”
He gasps quietly, and then sighs when John squeezes and pulls him close enough for Sherlock to feel him half hard against his stomach.
“Yeah, probably you’re right.”
Mycroft takes a step forward, no doubt reading the whole situation in a glance, as only he can, and moves to stop what’s about to happen next.
He pushes past him, starts making his way down the sidewalk toward the bus stop.
I said it was fine.
“Why are mine so short?”
He shrugs.
“I hope that I’ve been better about it the last year or so.
Sherlock looks up at him.
body, and he’s trembling, trembling, breathe coming in hot, desperate puffs against John’s forehead, one hand kneading John’s arse, frantically, his finger hesitating practically vibrating just inside.
Anything you want to give me is wanted.”
Lestrade doesn’t move.
It is exactly what Sherlock needs, he realises.
There is another little bag already on the table.
“John, I…”
Sherlock sighs. “You said you’re a doctor, but what you didn’t tell me is that you are a recently invalided army doctor.
“Stay still, atop me, like this.”
He hasn’t done this since he got back to London, just gone outside, found a park bench, and sat in the quiet.
John starts the car, and cranes his head over his shoulder as he pulls out of the parking space.
“Hang on.
John’s eyes are searching him the moment his head hits the pillow.
He thinks about the road earlier, about the sudden, urgent need to kiss the anger from John’s lips, to absorb John’s care, and fondness, and concern into his body like water on parched soil.
He just melts back against the seat of the cab and lets his eyes slide shut.
“Yeah, well I’m not really feeling all that supported.”
John smiles.
Unfortunate.
It’s difficult for him, difficult already, and Sherlock has no idea why he’s chosen today, but he meets John’s gaze and holds it, tries to let him know that it’s fine, that whatever it is, he should say, should tell, that he will try to hold him up if he can.
Sherlock nods and examines the tile at his feet for a moment, before looking up.
He snaps.
Sherlock heads for the kitchen.
“Did you?”
There’s nothing for it then, he’ll have to go down.
Sherlock looks up at him.
He’ll never be able to hail a cab in his neighbourhood at that hour, but he could call an Uber.
“I’ll be right back.”
“Alright.”
“Giraffes?!”
“Afternoon ladies.”
“Could do,” he whispers in his ear.
Sherlock tilts his hips back to give him room.
I promise.
“Okay.”
“So you seem to think.”
He tosses the lube on John’s chest.
It’s only true after all.
“Come here.”
“Roll over.”
“Are you alright?”
He stares down at the scars peppering John’s back, and thinks about the way that others have touched him, the way that John is permitting Sherlock to touch him now.
The meal is excellent without being too sumptuous, and the other professors prove, for the most part, to be amiable and genuine.
“It’s not.”
Mycroft shrugs.
“Sorry.
It’s no empty threat.
Well, this is important to me.
He’s—shy?
Sherlock admonishes gently.
John’s eyes snap open, suddenly worried, but Sherlock only smiles and nods, and thrills when John’s eyes drop away again, and his hand dips further between them.
Nice hands.
He wants to come in the tight, wet heat of John’s mouth.
Yeah, I don’t know who you are, but stop texting this number.
But Sherlock doesn’t sound okay.
Sherlock carefully extricates himself from the futon, and heads to the loo, and then fetches his coat from the closet on his return.
John urges gently, so gently, so gently Sherlock hates it.
Too much exposure during an election year, apparently.”
“Quite right.
And then there are the deep sucking kisses against the muscles of his lower back, and John’s tongue tasting the skin there, John pulling away again, his hands sliding up the length of Sherlock’s back, almost to his shoulders, body rocking against his, pressing him into the table, his weight and movement dragging Sherlock’s aching cock over the whisper-soft fur of the blanket.
He has to pull back with a gasp.
They decided it was a risk they were willing to take, but…
“And male clients?”
John is on his back, Sherlock’s hands trailing down over his ribs, before he knows what’s happened, and when Sherlock presses a kiss to his abdomen, he throws his head back and makes a noise that would be embarrassing if he was with anyone else but Sherlock.
“I shouldn’t have just walked out on you like that.
I’m here about Donna Murray.”
It sends an electric frisson of anticipation and desire racing over Sherlock’s skin, through his veins.
He’d been quiet, bit messy, into astronomy.
He squeezes.
John and I will go north, tomorrow and continue our investigation in the North York Moors.”
He settles into his chair, and smiles up at John when he finally returns and hands him a cup.
“A fire would be good.”
It’s Valentines Day, and—Sherlock Holmes has just given him a box of chocolates.
Your mother?”
“What do you want?”  Sherlock sees the question catch John by surprise.  “What did you want, just before we stopped?”
No guarantees about tomorrow, but right now, right here, I’m in bed with probably the most gorgeous, most brilliant, most amazing bloke I’ve ever known, and there are loads of things I’d rather be doing with him, than talking about all the ways his poncey brother thinks we’ll fall apart.”
John just about drops his phone, fumbles with it for a second, and then pulls it back against his chest.
“Yeah?”
“I’m not angry at you, okay.
“You’re at the hospital.
He looks back up at the screen.
Sherlock nods, thoughtful.
Sherlock does, and John slides his hand further still, slips a finger back behind Sherlock’s balls, and waits.
He shouts, and tries to rock upward, as he pulses hot and slick over his hand and belly.
They’re peppered with a decade’s worth of track marks and thin stripes from the razor blades he’d used to numb the pain in that one difficult year after college and before he’d moved to Miami.
“We?”
And the fact that this is Sherlock initiating makes the whole situation all the more confusing, because of all the people in the world he would have thought playful, Sherlock would have been very bottom of the list.
“Of course I will.”
John freezes and then glances over his shoulder with a grin, before turning in Sherlock’s arms.
A muscle in John’s jaw twitches, and he moves to get to his feet.
He wonders if he ponders it long enough if he can discover what the formula is, what special combination of traits and qualities has combined in John to make him so irresistible.
This is time I could be out there looking for clues, finding the next…”
He’s not leaving John again.
“Seems there was some sort of multiple casualty event up the lane.
He’s going to be the death of him, and John has never wanted to surrender to anything more.
“I’m not letting your landlady wash our soiled sheets.
It freezes him where he sits, and he watches, as if in slow motion, as John reaches into the washing up water, and hurls plate, and mug, and tea cup against the tile of the floor, sending little bits of porcelain skittering over the tile, and under the appliances, and when there is nothing else to break, he drops to his knees in the detritus with a long moan, and a whimper, and that is when Sherlock finds his courage and presence of mind once again.
John shakes his head.
“You’re a real cock sometimes, you know that.”
“Probably should still make a video at some point, though.
“Fine.
It briefly crosses his mind that John already knows what this does to him.
John sighs.
Later.”
“John, we were never involved?”
Oi, your cane!”
“I can’t anymore.”
“You going to be okay to walk back to to the flat?”
Lucky for me you haven’t.”
“I mean sex.”
“Will definitely wash away tracks or footprints.”
Who’s this?
John!”
“Done.”
He nods to his secretary, and they head for the door, the headmaster following meekly in their wake.
He reaches inside his pants, and strokes out the last drops of pleasure, and then stares up at the dark ceiling and cries.
And bring the lube,” he adds.
“Wanna.”
“John…”
When he finally appears after slowly limping his way up the stairs, Rosie scrambles to her feet, and rushes to greet him.
But, I mean you’ve never…”
“Ridiculous.”
He was fed, and encouraged to bathe, and change clothes, and he had had the pleasure of one or the other of their company for two days before he got up and announced he was moving out.
“What’s left of an old family estate.  We don’t use it much anymore. I doubt anyone will think to look for us here, and it belongs to my mother, so if we had need of—assistance, we could have people here in a snap.  I’d only have to reach out.”
“But, just keep me in the loop, okay.
“Well you’re you, aren’t you.”
They are having some long discussion John can’t even hope to keep up with.
“I doubt that,” Sherlock murmurs.
In the beginning John was unsure of how to navigate all the day-to-day logistics of a long term, committed relationship.
He grabs a tissue off the desk, hands it to her, and goes into the kitchen.
He’s frozen through.
We were going to all spend Christmas Eve and Day here, together.”
“Shit.”
“I know.”
“Right.
It’s an invasion of—of…
“Oi.”
“No I don’t.”
He curls tight and wills the fire to stop crackling, and the boys to stop chattering out in the gallery, and for the wind to stop wuthering in the eaves.
And more indirectly, myself.”
“Mmm, an American defense contractor.
From the bedroom he can hear the voices of two men on top of Mrs. Hudson’s.
But tonight.  Tonight John brought a bottle of wine to the table.  Tonight John cooked them something a little more substantial than sandwiches, soup or risotto.  Tonight John had lit a candle at the table, and turned the lights down low, and Sherlock can’t help but wonder if it means something.
You want to pull this futon out?”
Sherlock growls, and picks up the speed between their bodies.
He follows Sherlock’s stretcher into the A&E, and gives his forearm an encouraging squeeze before he’s carted off to radiology.
He’s clever, but not clever enough.
“I love you.”
Came back here to see her, and—it was like nothing had ever come between us—like old times, but—better.
John’s lips press against his skin, and Sherlock stops breathing for a moment, feels heady and high, like he’s opening up, unfurling like the petals of a rose, velvety soft and slow, like John’s lips against his neck, like John’s breath against his ear, like John’s fingers fisting in his hair, and John’s hips rocking almost imperceptibly against his, like he maybe doesn’t know he’s moving at all, like he’s trying not to.
“Listen, don’t want to have a row, I just want…
If that is the same thing that killed Brenda and Mort Tregennis, then we have no business…”
“But you would have pushed me away anyway?”
“You say that like it’s a bad thing.”
Sherlock looks down at him, curls wild, eyes aglow with fondness.
Here?
“But there’s an imbalance.”
He thinks of Rosie, sick with a cold back in London, thinks about how delighted she would be by the snow, and the wide open spaces, by the distant smell of the sea, and all the rooms to explore, and he suddenly aches with missing her.
“Just like usual.
“Perhaps tomorrow?
The man from the front seat mutters.
Sherlock thinks of the scars etching the flesh of his back, thinks about the fact that John had seen them only the night before, and he wants to rail, to shout, to walk out, slam the door, and, and…
After a moment, John notices and glances down at it.
He must see what John wants, now, here, in the quiet, homely warmth of Sherlock’s flat.
Sherlock?”
He can hear a desperation in his voice that he very much feels, but doesn’t understand at all.
How does it feel?”
It seemed fairly straight forward.”
He huffs a small laugh through his nose, and then tucks his hand back beneath Sherlock’s.
“Yeah…” he and John say simultaneously.
If I was there, I—I’d make you so wet, I’d—I’d put my mouth on you, I’d swallow you down, and my mouth would be so slick, and so tight around you.”
God yes!
Clearly you thought wrong.
if he doesn’t find a way to settle her soon.
John feels his cheeks warm at the memory, which Sherlock notices, of course, and looks inordinately pleased.
Sherlock smiles at him, until John huffs out a small laugh and looks away.
“Christ.”
John suspects it’s that odd gift of his, the ability to look at someone and tell you their whole life story.
He records some snippets of video, for his vlog on the way: a bit on the tube, walking down Baker Street, a quick bite in Speedy’s cafe, with violin music floating down from above.
“The day we met.
That’s good.
And if there’s one thing he knows for sure, it’s that this sense of home they’ve been building, almost from the moment he got back will only deepen.
We’ve talked about this.
“So you just thought you’d die instead?”
“Oh yeah?”
He’s lying on the sofa, hands tented under his chin, doing his best to ignore whatever inane thing it is John’s put on the telly for Rosie while he makes supper.
It’s done.
He aches to touch, to shelter and soothe, but it all seems too intimate.
Perhaps he should have tried to brave the roads in the car after all
“You know for someone who’s never…
“We may have a case.”
John says, eyes still fixed on his navel.
“As was.”
“Ridiculous.”
John sits down at the desk and pulls open the drawers, finds a fountain pen in the top one.
The man leads them down the long corridor to the headmaster’s office.
“Your three years here?”
“Ok.”
Sherlock hears her tut, and then start to put away the food she’s brought.
“No.”
“Mmm, it’s rather relaxing.”
Disappointingly, the kitchen is empty when Sherlock finally manages to shuffle out in a pair of ratty pyjama’s and a dressing gown hastily tossed over his shoulders.
I would like to at least try.”
I mean I was, I was angry that I didn’t know, that Molly fucking Hooper and fifty plus tramps knew and I didn’t, but I was mostly angry at myself because…”
“You coming?”
“Hello.”
getting old.”
His voice sounds husky.
His face is lax, impossibly young looking, with his hand wrapped around John’s and tucked up under his chin.
He races across town and totes a screaming toddler into the A&E for stitches.
Sherlock is slick and salty and when John strokes his tongue over the peaked nub Sherlock makes a sound John is fairly sure he will remember for the rest of his life, half moan, half whine, even as his hands slide around John’s waist, back over the rise of his arse, and attempt to drag him closer.
He dips down and presses his lips to Sherlock’s collarbone, strings pearls of kisses along it, sighs against his skin, moves up his neck.
Sherlock smiles, small and crooked.
Yeah, I…
“I’m not in shock.
I understand, but…”
There is a soft rustling, followed by a soft and almost inaudible sound of pleasure.
To have all of John inside him, pulse to pulse, shared heat, and sweat, and…
“I would have kept you forever, right from the start, John.
“Absolutely not.”
Lets John squeeze firm, and haul him closer, until their cocks brush and press together.
With a sigh, he lowers himself down onto the other side of Sherlock’s coat with a groan.
John breathes against Sherlock’s lips when he pulls back to catch his breath.
“You’re getting in a bath.”
He’s serious then.
It’s sudden, and completely overwhelming, and Sherlock must see it, because something flickers across his eyes for the briefest of moments.
He adds it to the pile of photos that can reasonably make their way to the Holmeses.
“If this man, Hayes, is the one who murdered Heidegger, then it is a fair assumption that he was hired by James to abduct Arthur, and it is also a fair assumption that he knows where Arthur is.
No, no.
My mum’s mum.
He sucks in a deep breath, and lets it out again, stares up the sky.
John’s hands are shaking.
Sherlock can feel his cheeks flaming.
John stares down at that ‘no’ for a long time.
John grins.
Sherlock nods, staring down at the photo in his hand.
When they get back to the park some of the people have disappeared.
And John is stepping back, out into the room.
John huffs.
John grins.
“No.”
Now go get some slippers on, so you can help me carry all this downstairs.”
Sherlock feels the slight damp gather between their bodies, a small patch between them, and John thrusting up against his weight, faster, and faster, nipples peaked, head thrown back, mouth open, and panting around grunts and gasps, until his whole body goes tense, shudders, and John comes with a moan of relief between them.
But in some ways, I—I didn’t mind it.”
Sherlock’s eyes dart over at the sound, before returning to the landscape.
“What’s wrong?”
Sherlock chuckles.
John snorts and grins.
Sherlock shifts his hands a little on the next upward stroke, curls his fingers around John’s hips, presses the pads of his thumbs against John’s hipbones, gasps when John pushes into his touch.
John giggles, and then bites it off, as though uncomfortable with the sound of his own happiness.
“What?”
Sherlock just looks confused.
I should go.
He pockets the cheque and pulls out his phone.
Those who let it over the next few weeks will assume the owners decorated for them, and by the time the owners figure it out, they won’t have a clue which of their many lodgers were the ones who put it all up.”
“I’ve eaten enough.
You want to lie down again, or…?”
“Yes, thank you.”
“James, I will not ask you again!”
“Go on then.”
“I’m sorry…
John’s hand finds his hand under the covers and closes around it.
He begins his hike through the snow and is huffing and puffing in no time.
You want me to grab some takeaway for supper on my way back home?”
true.”
Of course.”
And I thought I might do a bit of Christmas shopping afterwards.
His eyes snap back to John, and suddenly he is striding toward him, dropping to his knees, hard, on the tile floor, and reaching for John’s clothes.
“I think—I think I’ve done the same to you since we got here, and I’m sorry.”
John stares down at Sherlock’s chest.
Just finding a way to buy the plot next to you.
“You may go.
I didn’t just abandon them.
Beauty itself is simply a construct based entirely on childhood impressions, influences and role models.
John’s face goes from purple to blanched in a heartbeat.  He doesn’t move.
He grunts at the force of it, like being punched in the gut, wrung out, tumbled and tossed on a sea of sensation, and then left naked and gasping on the warm sand.
“You never said.”
Really?”
There’s a teasing tone to John’s voice now, but a slight thread of something else, too (
“Yes.
“We’re coming.”
But she’s…”
“Your doing fine.”
John wraps his hand around Sherlock and strokes, and Sherlock’s eyes fall shut, head falls back.  His body moves, almost of its own volition, hips rolling forward.  John shifts inside of him, and moans, and thrusts up, seeking more sensation, and then they are moving together in perfect synchrony, with Sherlock in the lead, finding their rhythm, letting John glide in and out, teasing sensation from places and in ways Sherlock had hitherto only imagined, as John’s hand continues to work, drawing them closer, and closer, together, working in perfect harmony—just like the old days, Sherlock thinks, like in the beginning when they could almost read one another’s minds, and everything had seemed right and easy.
John reaches up to card his fingers up Sherlock’s nape, wraps his other arm around his back.
John turns, hooks a finger through one of Sherlock’s belt loops and pulls him close.
It’s the sort of thing Sherlock never thought he could or would enjoy, but enjoy it he does, and when John falls asleep sitting up a few hours later, and slowly slides over and comes to rest of Sherlock’s shoulder, Sherlock thinks he might just be the luckiest person in the world.
Lestrade shrugs.  “Figured it was better than leaving him to fret in his flat, alone.”
By the time John turns down the aisle in question, Sherlock is already standing in front of the multicoloured display, arms crossed over his chest, considering his options.
“One of us has to.”
“Love you, you know.”
“Yes.”
John learned to make himself small.
“Mr. Holmes, if you are suggesting that my private secretary would…”
He’d all but managed to forget this thing.
John is like this, he’s learning.
There is a small pink scar near the bottom of his sternum, and a light dusting of hair that makes John’s fingers twitch with longing.
John sounds weary.
Sherlock manages it, with a little help, and stands swaying, watching John turn down the covers on one side of the bed, fluff the pillow.
Takes a couple of days to wear off fully, but you’ll feel less drained, less emotional by morning.”
“Have a thing for soldiers, do you.”
“Hello,” he whispers back, slides his hands up John’s thighs, around his hips, pulls him in a little closer.
But the fact that John has not even attempted to reach out does grate at him a little.
It’s fast, and erratic, but it’s enough.
“I’ll call the school first thing in the morning, let them know you’re coming.
Sherlock sees John shrink slightly beside him, and that simply won’t do.
“I can’t be responsible for something happening to you, John.”
Sherlock grins.
Still nothing.
“What is?”
“Okay.”
“One of the many small injustices of life, Love.”
Okay.
It sticks a little, but he gets it open with a few, firm, rapid tugs.
Yeah, I’ve seen it.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and stares down at his lap.
Your nerves.
Another snowball zings overhead, and he rolls his eyes.
Try to go back to sleep, okay.”
“There.
There are dust motes dancing in the sunlight coming through the window.
There’s no one else in the shop that early.
Musgrave emails back immediately.
“You want to hold my hand?”
He hears John sigh.
John bangs the snow from his shoes as he steps out of the cold into the small foyer of the cottage.
They’ll be stuck indoors again, for at least a couple of days, with nothing but this awkward space between them.
He marches back toward the pub, pure soldier, and Sherlock has to remind himself not to gawp.
John lifts his hand in surrender.
“Good.”
“Here.”
It doesn’t,” Sherlock says low and sure.
“And when did you have a dose before that?”
I need to shower.
Sherlock is staring out the window again.
“It makes the mother even less of a suspect.
Because Sherlock wants John to know.
His voice breaks.
“It’s how I knew to come to you.
A silence descends between them.
It feels incredible.
Those are not knowing looks he would want to have to endure over the breakfast table.
And John realises he has no idea why not.
“Whatever this is we keep doing—self-sabotage maybe?”
Sherlock stares at the ceiling because it’s easier.
“What?”
“I told my first cuddle practitioner that when I was in treatment, too.
“This okay?”
“So you keep saying, but I’ve been in her life since the moment she was born, and now that you’re moving back, the frequency with which she sees me will increase.
“Mmm…”
I never…”
Promise me we’ll talk later—when we get back to the inn.”
John runs a hand through his hair, and then drops his hand to his lap.
“What would be a better place?”
You’re not a talker.”
Sherlock gets to his feet, slides his hands down the length of John’s thighs, and John rises, just like that, follows him into the bedroom, lies down on the bed, fully clothed, waits, and Sherlock comes too, slides down onto the mattress as though there is a thread connecting them, something they are powerless to resist.
I am only relieved that the whole affair has come to such a happy conclusion.”
For a moment Sherlock thinks John’s going to cry, but he masters it before it can overwhelm him and falls back against the wall with a deep sigh instead.
“Mmm…”
Sherlock’s eyes go wide, flit over every inch of the vast space, desperate, anxious.
Yeah, ‘course I do.”
He’s been out of the shower long enough for his hair to dry.
“Yeah.
You’re not the only one with deductive skills, you know.”
you have?!”
Yeah.
John comes to stand beside him.
He blinks up at the ceiling, waiting to get his bearings.
John blinks.
John looks up, brows knit.
She reaches into her pocket, pulls out her phone, flips through it for a moment and then tosses it onto the small table between them.
“I’m terribly infatuated with you, you know,” Sherlock murmurs against his lips.
A muscle in John’s jaw jumps.
“Yes.”
“Hold on..”
Because that is the real question, Sherlock thinks, the thing they have been dancing around since before he can remember, the thing John flirts with, but can’t commit to, the thing that thrills and terrifies Sherlock in equal measure.
He wanders into the kitchen, and finds Sherlock hovering over a microscope, focussed on Christ knows what.
There are things that can make anxiety quick to rise, and communication difficult when it does.
Harry rolls her eyes.
“I love you,” John says again, and listens to Sherlock moan, and feels him clench around him, and realises it’s a thing, a thing with him, and leave it to Sherlock to be so fucking turned on by those three words.
Sherlock blanches.
“Hey…”
Sher—Sherlock I’m…
Sherlock’s eyes are soft.
Only us.”
John apologises again, and Sherlock doesn’t want that, doesn’t want him to think…
“Better?”
“Can I stay here tonight?”
“Wait, you knew about this?!”
He brightens.
Do keep up.”
“Figured snogging my ridiculously gorgeous boyfriend was preferable to treating strep and piles.”
lost, and so he says nothing.
Who’s this?
“What?”
“You woke me for this?”
John sighs and pinches at the bridge of his nose.
Sherlock sighs.
“You want me to take the rest to go?”
“Your John?”
Beautiful.
“So, you okay with that?”
He hopes he’s good, because they’ll likely only get one chance.
“Of course.”
He’s dreamed of this moment a million times, how it would be when they first met.
“Right.”
“I’m not going anywhere, unless you tell me to leave.”
John ignores it.
It’s a fucking relief, if he’s honest.
It’s raining, and cold, and he knows what Mrs. Hudson would say if she were awake at such an hour to see him.
“Maybe don’t worry about that.”
I’m free the rest of today.
It takes him a minute to get his bearings.
Come on.”
John feels relief and bereft all at once.
“Sounds serious.”
John looks himself over in a swift assessment, and Sherlock holds out his hand again.
“I’d like to be allowed to touch you.”
“Still.”
He grips the back of the chair, either side of John’s shoulders, white-knuckled, and shudders, and then collapses, full-weight against John’s chest, face buried in his hair, just behind his neck.
The next photo is a picture of John leaning over a cardboard box of fairy lights in the lounge.
‘Hey Beauty.
His anger seemed not to faze her, her manner appeared to diffuse some of whatever it was he was feeling.
“Mmm… Seems to have migrated permanently into your circulation, though, hasn't it.”
“How about this.”
“There was an accident.
He feels his cock fill at the thought, feels the tip bloom with wetness.
John rubs a hand over his face, and drops his head to rest on his hand.
“How’s your head?”
“Ta.”
“Yes.
He’s seen the news (everyone has).
Sherlock nods.
I can’t unknow it.”
You’re going to have to sit closer, or I can’t hear you.”
“Yeah.
And Sherlock doesn’t say anything.
He’s shaking all over, and drenched in sweat.
Sherlock’s head pops up, but he doesn’t turn to meet John’s eye.
Sherlock nods again.
John leans forward in his chair, rests his elbows on his knees and stares down at Sherlock’s shoes.
“It’s okay.
Sherlock blinks, and John’s eyes drop away.
“Snowdrops.
“How long did I sleep?”
John’s silence in the car.
And he’s had to be so careful since John’s come home again.
“God, Sherlock…”
“You bloody well better.”
Nice.
John fumbles for the hem and starts to pull it off, but Sherlock swats his hands out of the way, tears it off himself, and then goes for John’s.
Right.”
“The work I do, I meet people—in high places.
John barks out a laugh.
He stands up, and John almost crawls after him, but Sherlock smiles, and shakes his head.
Sorry.
It had been two months, and…”
Well, perhaps tomorrow…”
Sherlock walks over to the hearth and pulls a pack of cigarettes out of the toe of a Persian slipper he has nailed to mantle.
He rocks himself against Sherlock’s arse, and Sherlock moans.
Sherlock finally asks when the silence has strung out further than he can bear.
We need to speak to Holdernesse.”
Sherlock’s hands glide up his ribs, thumbs skirt his nipples, and all the while there is the perfect weight of Sherlock rocking against him. It’s not going to take long.
A-B-O-U-T
“The Comic Book kid?”
“I love you.”
John motions to the chair pulled out at the table, and Sherlock does as bade while John finishes plating the toast and then brings it over to the table and sits down next to him.
“Yes.
“I can have the police get a warrant.”
He was just running, and it was dark, and foggy, and slick, and there was an old well.”
“Oh.  Yeah?  Well, I…  Yeah, that’s alright.”
“Not well-know and well hidden.
You fit me like a glove.”
Mycroft frowns.
John lifts a hand to cover his eyes, and Sherlock looks over at him, reaches out and wraps an arm around his shoulders.
“Would do it again, though.”
“Mmm?”
There some special way to fasten them?”
There’s something deadly serious and wildly fierce in John’s tone.
“You said you’ve thought of leaving, because you know you’re hurting me.”
What do you see?”
John finally turns his head, to look up at him.
I like that you like me in it, and if you’d like to get all kitted out like this again sometime, I wouldn’t say no.”
“I’ve told you, we miscalculated.”
He looks away again.
His face flushes and then blanches.
“It’s alright.”
John smiles.
Sherlock thinks of Irena Adler and her wife.
At the flat.
It’s fumbling, and hungry, and just this side of uncomfortable, but Sherlock is grateful for that, because it’s keeping him grounded and present enough to focus on the building pleasure, to sink into it, embrace it, coax it along.
Sherlock reaches out and rubs a finger over it, follows it up with the palm of his hand, delights in the burn that suffuses and spreads through his nervous system with remarkable speed, tingling and waking him up.
Sod it.
I often have important documents I need to post, and the fewer hands on them the better.”
“Fantastic plan.”
“A complete nutter, obviously.”
John goes.
Sherlock hums against his mouth.
I just couldn’t…
So you going to tell me what all this is really about, then?”
Why?”
Sherlock knows that if the boy slips, they will likely both go down, but best to give the child a false sense of security rather than none at all.
Sherlock gives John’s arse a firm squeeze, and watches his lips part.
“I’m sorry.”
John waits, doesn’t know what to say.
It only takes a few calls to find out what hospital Sherlock was admitted to, though getting a diagnosis proves all but impossible.
Wondered why I kept running out so fast.”
For instance…”
“The hotel staff have seen worse, believe me.
John tries again.
“Mm.”
Well ta.
“You sure?”
“Not good for evidence.”
Those aqua eyes are warm with something John doesn’t understand.
Are we friends?
John’s voice is ragged against Sherlock’s earlobe.
He’s been—unavoidably detained.”
When you were a kid, I mean?”
(Then why can’t he stop crying?)
Sherlock tosses the shirt on the floor, and reaches down for John’s belt, unbuckles it, and then uses both ends to slowly drag John closer.
Go to bed.
And then Sherlock leans in.
Been too long, really.
John sounds a little irritated, but not angry, not really.
When John looks back at him after ordering, a soft smile on his face, Sherlock has to look away for the second time since the evening began.
“Start what?”
What could he have been thinking.
“Yeah.
“John…”
“Where’s Daddy?”
“Tilt your hips up a little.”
Maybe there have been too many mistakes, too many wrong turns, bad decisions.
He momentarily considers not bringing it up, but people
I’m angry at your brother more than you.
Suit yourselves.
Nothing had worked but a glass of whiskey, and the solid, cold comfort of his service revolver tucked away in his desk drawer.
John doesn’t know what to say.
“Mmm…”
He doesn’t say another word, just hurries down the hallway and shuts himself in the loo.
He pulls it down slightly, and traces a finger down the space between his pectorals, fingers the sparse hair there.
“Don’t have to say if you don’t want.”
John breathes into his hair.
“For fucks sake, if you don’t text her back I will.  If she’s nothing, it’s nothing, then you won’t mind me and her having a little chat, yeah?”  Sherlock’s mouth parts even wider, as though he wants to say something, but there are no words forthcoming.
He worships him with touch, and John breathes hot, and damp against Sherlock’s chest, smearing his mouth messily against his skin, tasting him, breathing him in, while his tears, and saliva, and sweat anoint Sherlock’s skin like a sacrament.
John smiles.
This is Sherlock after all.
Any time.”
John dashes after him.
Please.”
“Been clean since last summer?
“This case.”
It never is.
“Come on, then.”
And there is guilt attached, because he also favours his leg at times, something else he seems to work hard to hide, but isn’t as successful at.
He stares down at Sherlock, and then reaches out and pushes his fingers into Sherlock’s curls, fisting his fingers around them in a delicious pull that makes Sherlock’s lips part in an inaudible sigh.
Feels good to be doing something.”
“Mm, might do.”
Sherlock stops and John blinks up at him.
John shivers again, and this time he knows Sherlock has to have seen it.
“Of course.”
It didn’t mean anything, okay.”
Whole.
If we can locate him, it will at least give us an idea of the route the boy’s abductor took.
I’ve been helping SensoryScience out with his day job, and let me tell you, it’s been an adventure.
His phone rings, and he sighs with relief, and snatches it up.
He holds up the chocolate orange he’d just found in the last aisle and tucked under his arm without Sherlock seeing.
“No.”
“Why are we decorating when we’re leaving in four days?”
“It’s good, really good, being back here.”
You should go upstairs, and get settled, and I’ll bring you both some early lunch.”
And John smiles at that.
It looks almost agonising, but Sherlock does lift his eyes and hold John’s gaze.
He’s never told anyone.
I’ve promised him you’ll make good, and if the honour of your only brother’s word, or a powerful man’s reputation doesn’t motivate you, then at least think of the child.”
Really?”
“Is that the truth?”
“I’ll take that under advithement.”
Goes quiet again.
Mrs. Roundhay provides.
“You have a brother?”
He feels more alive than he ever has in his life.
Her already ruddy cheeks flush an even brighter crimson.
Looks like our friend is back.
He watches a couple of videos by the redhead with the velvety voice.
Sherlock grunts in surprise, and John breaks away to pant hotly against his skin.
I would like you
His lips follow, whisper over the tender skin just behind Sherlock’s ear, making his breath catch.
He invited you to climb up the lattice on the side of the house, and into his room, where the two of you had a little chat—a short one—during which you paced up and down, and then crawled back out the window, and sat on the roof outside, smoking a cigarette and watching what happened next. Once you were sure he was dead, you left the same way you’d come.”
“I don’t see why we should have to follow anyone else’s rules.
He takes a deep breath, lets it out slow, and looks everywhere but at the man beside him.
I bought some.”
John mouths at the front of Sherlock’s pants and then rests his face on the side of Sherlock’s bare thigh to stare up at him.
“Like you’re touching me.”
John smiles down at the top of his head.
It’s just a press of warm lips to John’s cold forehead, but it seems to leach the last of the panic from his bloodstream.
“Not like that anymore.
“You—you’re kicking me out?!”
John lets go, pulls the towel from his shoulder and dries his hands.  “Nope. I’m not doing this with you.”
John’s eyes slip open to sterile white, and the muffled, almost inaudible beeping of a heart monitor.
John nods.
I can come back, but—it’s not going to be the way it was.”
John huffs.
Old enough that he assumes its probably Grade 2 listed.
It’s one more reason he doesn’t indulge.
John grins crookedly, and gives Sherlock’s hair a playful tug.
But has it ever been?
He groans.
“You didn’t do your homework, this week, and that was my fault, I’m sorry.”
“You haven’t.
It feels safe, and thrilling, and wonderful, and when John’s hands lift to tangle in his hair, when his lips part and invite Sherlock in with a small, desperate whimper, Sherlock wonders why either of them ever waited so long.
There will be no cooperation, and it’s helpful to me to have someone on whom I can thoroughly rely.
He’s just given far too much away. “You’ve romanced and shagged a whole string of girlfriends over the years.
Eventually it passes.
The spike of pleasure takes John totally by surprise.
They can do this.
Like always, he’s giving him what he needs before John even knows he needs it—this aching, trembling, sweet but sure coming together, this assurance that he is real, he is whole, he is wanted.
“You hate the chop suey.”
So little guessing, their misunderstanding earlier in the evening not withstanding.
I promise.”
“Yes.
“Here help me do the honours, yeah?”
Something the clients arranged, or did you find the place all on your own?”
“John…”
“I would imagine that’s up to you.”
John’s voice doesn’t sound right.
John sits up suddenly, and Sherlock has to stop himself from following on instinct, an almost magnetic pull.
The water there, just waiting to take them. They could.
Sherlock sighs and melts against him.
John pulls back to catch his eye, but Sherlock’s gaze has dropped to the pillow again.
“What are we celebrating?”
Mycroft does.
“So I see.”
Sherlock meets him and pins his wrists to the bed.
He should.
So, I can’t be of much help when it comes to her, I’m afraid.”
“I did want to meet you face-to-face.
So we use this from now on?
Sherlock blinks, sets the book down.  “Sorry?”
“Boring.”
“Have you ever been with someone before?”
“Can we please stop having this conversation.”
“It’s a Welsh recipe.”
“John…”
He showers.
Downstairs the front door opens and then closes again.  Mrs. Hudson, no doubt.
“Okay.”
“That’s my line, isn’t it?”
We wouldn’t move here now.
Maybe the real fantasy is that you want to see us together.
Did you know what it did.”
“Just gotta use the loo.
A dark sedan pulls up to the kerb beside them.
“Mm, maybe.”
Sherlock traces his thumb over John’s knuckles, and smiles fondly.
As a result Sherlock isn’t quite sure if the huffing against his neck is due to John’s pique, or the exertion, but either way he’s finding it impossibly distracting.
Sherlock smiles and pushes away from the door, comes into the room.
“I’m sorry, I think I’m going to be ill.
John wants this.  John needs this, too, which is what makes everything he does now important.
Sherlock’s fingers stir against John’s hips, curl, pull gently.
Sherlock slides a hand further up, swipes his thumb in an arch along the inside of John’s thigh.
“Lovely, isn’t it.”
Some people want to tell you everything, you know.
“He’th probably thtill thtuck in traffic.
“Give it a few minutes.
John motions for her to sit down, pushes a cup of chamomile tea in front of her, and wraps the blanket draped over the chair, back over her shoulders.
“Guess my family left their mark too.
“Looked a million miles away.”
You want to know what happened last night?”
Sherlock is inclined to be miffed that John is speaking of him like he’s a child, speaking about him, rather than to him, but now he thinks about it, he does feel uncomfortably dizzy, and John’s fingers stirring at his waist are terribly distracting.
But, we’re getting off track.
The blackness at the end of the corridor seems to shudder and move, and then, without warning, it dissipates like the dissolving of a morning fog, leaving the shadow of the man clearly visible.
He kicks open the door to Lestrade’s division with the sole of his shoe and heads toward his office, trying to ignore the added buzz of 85 florescent bulbs, the clatter of 35 keyboards, and the constant low-level hum of conversation.
It was clear.
He glances down at his shirt and trousers, soaked through with soapy water.
“Yes.
I’ll pay.”
Coffee?
One more thing that’s changed.
Wish you could all see him in action, but I think he likes to keep his real life and his channel here separate, and it’s not my place to expose all that.
Thought I’d give you a heads up.’
Lovely thing that.
“Indeed.”
He can feel his cock, long and lean, pressed against John’s flaccid one.
Good.
The website is a simple affair.
He lifts them to his nose and breathes deep, memorising the scent of John’s laundry soap.
He stops and hovers over his violin case, and then decides against it.
John laughs outright.
Sherlock rubs his thumbs over the inside of of John’s knees, and then pushes his hands a half inch higher.
He’s embarrassed when his voice breaks.
“Yes.
Sherlock lifts a hand and subconsciously rubs his chest, just over his heart, in exactly the spot where Mary’s bullet almost took him away for good.
The woman from before.
If you want.”
No cutting yourself this time, though, yeah.”
“If you want this to stop, me to stop, tell me.”
His mother has left at some point.
Ella asks him.
“Oh yeah?”
“J—John.
We’ve been chatting for awhile.
He sniffs and holds her gaze.
His eyes and mouth feel dry.
And John has moved on to the buttons on his placket, fingers lingering at his chest, knuckles brushing gently against his skin as he looses them.
You…”
It’s firm, but good natured enough.
The older brother turned around and shot William, of course.
Except—you don’t just walk away.”
Not like that.
John’s tongue plunges into Sherlock’s mouth, tasting, taking, and Sherlock groans in the back of his throat and forgets about everything but the way John is taking what he is so hungry for (must have been starving for!)  As they both begin to sweat in earnest, things get easier, bodies slick and slide together, saliva and other body fluids add into the fray, and everything becomes delicious.
John can hear the slight hurt in Sherlock’s voice, so he turns, reaches out, and pulls him close.
“Daddy shouldn’t have shouted at you.
“How many,” Sherlock insists with a pout.
Come on, now.
Weird.
He freezes, perhaps realising for the first time, exactly the situation he’s gotten himself into.
Usually it starts to wear off by now, but not today, and it’s making him tetchy and anxious.
They always sat oddly with him.
John sighs.
It’s all the sweet anticipation of youth, the way he’d dreamed of this long before it had ever been a reality, all the heady hopes and fantasies of those early years, before he’d lived the reality, before love had disappointed and broken him.
Sherlock hums low in his throat, looks pleased, and kisses him again.
And you know what I want right now?”
“You okay?”
John calls from the kitchen.
“Good.”
But when, after a moment, he stays still, Sherlock’s head drops.
“Ready as I’ll ever be.”
“Leona?”
John opens his eyes and stares down at her in the dark.
“What?”
John wipes his face on the back of his sleeve.
You guess what I like.
“It’s my responsibility to keep you safe. I failed.”
“Yeah.
“It’s—it’s nothing.  You love me?  Really?”
DEFINITELY not what he needs.
Fine.
“Yeah.
Sherlock stretches out dramatically and then curls tight into a little ball, but one eye cracks open.
Drawing on your back.”
Why in God’s name is he having this conversation with this bloke?!
“Is it alright?”
I have an idea.”
She nods.
He’d ordered the shower to give himself some time and space to think, to consider how best to diffuse John’s anxieties and concern over his sister enough for him to let them go for a few hours, get a decent night’s sleep.  He knows what he would choose if it were him, but he is not John, and it is likely that John might not appreciate the same things he would.
When it finally passes, he collapses against him panting hard.
“Why not?”
Sherlock buries his nose in his hair.
I’m sure we have something on that.
He appreciates being blindsided even less, and leave it to Sherlock to do something so absolutely, bloody…
This is me not being able to let go with him.”
Sherlock can’t take his eyes off of him.
“And if I can’t—“
“What does it feel like?”
John shifts uncomfortably in his seat.
His fingers stir beneath the sheets.
He winks and Sherlock feels his cheeks heat, but it’s alright.
a little commanding.
He thinks it particularly cruel.
I don’t want it in the flat while I’m living here.
“John, I’m not asking you to move your things.”
Three-pronged slash.”
“I’m a doctor.
John nods.  “Go slow. It’s been in there for awhile.”
John takes it.
“I believe he’s just stepped out.
“From what you felt for her?”
“I—I guess so.
Sherlock turns his hand palm down and runs it over his arm, and John feels it, thinks he does at least, a warmth, a weight, a quiet hush of movement that leaves that subtle fire in its wake.
“Billy to my friends.
It is so forceful, so earnest it leaves Sherlock stunned.
“Doesn’t mean she wouldn’t feel just a little…
John sighs.
He has to speak several times before John jolts up with a small cry and a scramble.
I’ll talk to you next week, John.”
He can see the blurred and mottled form of Sherlock sitting on the toilet.
We’re all a bit of a mess.”
Sherlock can’t see, he reminds himself.
“Good.”
Yeah.
There are dark clouds gathering on the horizon, over the sea.
Sherlock hesitates, thinking.
He looks down.
“Would you like some help?”
Sherlock drapes the blanket carefully at the end of the bed, sets the glass of water on the night stand beside John, and gets to his knees in front of him.
Sherlock presses his lips to the top of John’s head.
Sherlock pulls back, cheeks hot, eyes glazed.
Too long.
He’s growing hard again, just like that, just from the sound of John’s low, sleepy hums, and the sensation of his breath on his neck, his hands seeking out flesh, whispering over his ribs, under and around his waist, pulling him close.
Dimmock is young, probably around Sherlock’s age.
“I told you not to blame yourself for that.”
follows in his wake, without argument, without resistance of any kind, and when they finally burst out of the dark stairwell, through the tiny door and into the warm, homely glow of the kitchens, John spins around and grabs Sherlock by both arms, searching his eyes frantically.
John nods against his chest.
“Yeah.
He disappears into the nearest one without waiting for a reply from John, enters a stall, puts the seat down, and sits on the cold porcelain and tries to will his hands to stop shaking.
“If I’ve offended you in some way, then—I’m sorry.”
Sherlock’s cock gives an interested twitch under the blanket, and John looks down at it, and then back up with a mischievous glint in his eye.
Thank god they were understanding, but—that’s the kind of person he was.
“Is that how you see it?”
“What about James Bond?”
He drops to his knees, hands everywhere.
He will proceed confidently, but with caution.
“Yes.
Okay.
“Well let’s get caught up then, Mate.”
This proves to be a depressing venture.
I have it.”
Nothing like that.
“See anything you like?”
Sherlock tucks them under his thighs in the back seat of the cab, and tries not to think about everything that has just gone wrong, tries not to think about what it had felt like to hold a living, breathing man in his arms for the first time in his life, what it had felt like to watch him sleep, to know that he was being trusted enough for John to let that happen.
I do.
And it’s not just the cold.
Rare year.
He tilts his head, to look over at him.
I was sixteen, I don’t think I’d really thought much about what I liked.
“We can buy it out.”
“Listen, I’m shit at this.
“Stop!”
Horrible idea.
“So what do you think, should we still try to make it to this murder mystery thing?”
He reads the books on video editing, makes a few test videos, struggles through editing them, and then gives up.
“Okay.
That posh investment firm on Old Broad Street?
He would stay in bed all day with John if he could, now that their case is essentially over, Arthur safe and found, and Heidegger’s murderer (hopefully) being pursued by the police.
mean something to me, you know.
“At least, I’m not the one secretly dying their hair at three in the morning, and then attempting to hide the evidence.”
John shakes his head.
He leaves the scar at John’s shoulder for last.
Ella steps forward and extends a hand.
There is a certain Detective Inspector at the Met who likes to make small talk.”
He watches him worry a small, loose thread at the knee of his trousers.
I missed everything we had when we lived together, before...”
John sits up, and scrambles to unbind his ankles and wrists, whips off the blindfold, and pulls Sherlock into his arms.
“Okay.
He feels John smile against his jaw.
It’s not what they do.
“Since when are you interested in my clients?”
“Then give Moriarty the code.”
Did you bring condoms?”
A challenge I did not anticipate.”
It is nearly dark by the time John turns their car onto Scackleton Lane.
“Bit bleak.”
“Oh, you know, the usual residual pain from a broken bone or two.
Do you count as ‘people’?”
He sucks in great, gulping breaths, and waits until his heart has calmed, and his pulse slowed before he picks it up and sees it’s a text from Sherlock.
They take their time.
John’s jacket next to his.
Somewhat too late, unfortunately.”
He wants John—wants to spend the rest of his life with John, and yet he still doesn’t know that that is exactly what John has wanted almost from the start.
He nods.
“Mmm.”
It’s good.
Have to find a way to prop my phone up.
“These aren’t duck.”
“What did he mean when he said the pool was the place where your first pet died.
Right.
“You’re mean when you’re hung over, John.
Go put it back.”
“Your clothes,” Sherlock murmurs.
“Bored.”
“Are you?”
Sherlock is panicking, which means he won’t be thinking straight, which means there are bound to be mistakes, misunderstandings.
John laughs.
I want it.”
It isn’t a place he’s ever been before.
John bites down hard on his bottom lip, swallows tightly.
“Probably sounds stupid.”
He watches Sherlock sleep.
There’s no harm done.
Not bad enough to remind me to bring my cane, anyway.”
He nods again.
Safe.
How many times has he held John now?
John has no reply.
“And you love it.”
“You brought me to this skating rink, to track a suspect?”
He tries not to be frantic.
Then what you say we go back to mine for a little cuddle?”
Sherlock unfurls, rather more dramatically than necessary, and gets under the covers.
“Yes, she’s grown quite tall this year.”
“Don’t you have work today, Doctor?”
No rush.
Told her I love it.
Exactly how he likes them.
I was angry for a long time, but I’m not anymore—not about that.
John presses firm, but soft.
I mean—I don’t know how this works, now we’re…”
“Yeah, like that.
“Yes.
It’s not what he wants.
“We could meet today?”
“Oh my god!
“You’re a bloody menace.”
Only he knows it won’t, because he knows himself.
“I won’t go in there again.”
Sherlock sighs as dramatically as he can manage, twists away from John’s embrace, and curls up on his side, facing away from him.
“Yeah.
Really.
No, no.
Sally’s noticed her now.
John gives his arse another squeeze, and then lets his hands drift to Sherlock’s hips.
When I woke up in the morning he was gone, and he didn’t bring it up later when we met in the library, so I assumed that meant it was something he would rather not talk about.
“A doctor is coming,” he repeats stupidly, placing a hand on John’s back, perhaps as more a comfort to himself than anything.
John can feel him, fully erect now, his shaft sliding along side John’s with each thrust, and John wants to reach down, to take them both in hand, but…
John doesn’t say anything in reply, but Sherlock can see him looking at him as he hurries through the gallery and down the corridor to their room.
John throws the phone down on his desk, and goes to get a drink.
I only meant that you get stiff when you sit about too long, and you’re better when you get more exercise.
“Can you say it for me?”
Sure enough he glances over his shoulder, and when he catches John looking, holds up the offending garment with a grin, and then outright laughs when John scowls in response.
God!”
I get the impression she’s more about learning the craft than actually participating, you know.
“No.”
“Put it on.
Yeah.”
“He lets me touch him in ways I won’t let him touch me.”
“Do you have a Skype account?”
“Thought maybe you got used to moving about and were restless now.”
I am ordering you…”
“Did you guess it?”
Sherlock nods.
He’s finished his soup.
“Stay.
Let me go first.”
“Well, on we go then.
“What?
John sits down on the end of the bed and watches him eat.
“Why would I tell your brother?”
He blinks, face a mix of surprise and blank confusion.
“But I would prefer for various reasons that my concern go unmentioned. We have what you might call a ... difficult relationship.”
John looks up.
“Pirates.”
It’s all ‘
“I’m failing.  I—I can’t do it.  I can’t solve it, and there are children, John, children who…”
So tell me.”
Sherlock’s mouth snaps shut, so quickly, he can here the small pop of his own lips as they come together in surprise.
There are two boys sharing.”
“There’s peppermint tea if you’d like.”
“Because, beneath the mask he has created for himself, there lies a dangerously soft underbelly.
At first John thinks it’s fear, and feels a wave of shame, but in an instant the shadow is gone, only to be replaced by something altogether different.
John can hear Sherlock already heading back out into the snow.
He wonders what it is he’s looking for.
Well—most of the mothers, and one au pair.”
The sun won’t be up for hours yet.”
“Unless you’re Hannibal Lecter.”
“Mmf…”
“I am most likely still alive because of my brother’s influence.
John grins.
John is sleeping.
But with Sherlock…
“She means well, but I would prefer she didn’t…”
He’s only still.
Sherlock’s cheeks flush slightly and he looks away.
Sherlock walks to the edge of the roof, stares down at John running full speed toward the hospital.
There’s a scramble of limbs, and suddenly John is being hoisted up and out of the tub, lowered onto the bath mat and a towel that’s come from god knows where, and Sherlock is crawling on top of him right there on the floor of the loo.
Sherlock stills immediately.
Sherlock.”
He’s staring down at the piece of paper in his hand, jaw clenched tight.
People are usually hurling insults at him, or if the compliments do come, they’re meant as manipulation, being twisted into something far from desirable, used as a weapon rather than bestowed as a gift.
John is sitting in bed reading.
Could tell you what I did today.”
Sherlock nods, eyes travelling over every inch of his face.
John explains a little more diplomatically.
Two years, Sherlock!
It doesn’t usually snow in this part of the country, at this time of year.
John shakes his head, and looks back down at Sherlock’s trousers.
Soon after their first fumbling attempts at physical intimacy, he had started following John around the flat like a puppy whenever he was home, brushing up against him, in what John is sure he thought were subtle and innocuous ways, but which had irritated John to no end, furtive as they were, especially after busy days at the surgery.
“She’s starting to get lippy.
John arches a brow and nods.
That’s all it takes.
“I don’t do well with friendships.”
“Sarah.”
Sherlock briefly considers a third finger, but it’s not what he wants, not really, and John wants more, too, so…
There’s no rush.”
“You’re a bloody idiot.”
His eyes travel the length of Sherlock’s body.
Sherlock swallows, apprehensive at his tone, like it’s something rather momentous, something that isn’t easy for him to ask.
Homely somehow.
“Go get dressed.”
He’s never known.
And John pushes that thought away, pushes it down deep, because it’s accurate, probably, and he doesn’t want to think about that, about how much he deserves this, how much he had it coming.
“I’m not good with people.
Hands it over.
“Yeah.
Sherlock’s head pops up, but he doesn’t turn to meet John’s eye.
Rosie’s fallen and cut open her knee, and they can’t reach John at work.
Right.
“I’m not playing games.”
He waits.
“Couple bottles for Christmas, but you know Mrs. Hudson, she’s likely to bring more.
Like somehow that answers it, but Sherlock doesn’t understand it at all.
“Live?!
John gets up off the bed, and moves to the wardrobe, and all of their clothes which Sherlock suddenly realised John unpacked when they arrived, hung up side by side.
“I doubt that.
He shouldn’t bother him.
“It’s why you came back, isn’t it?”
“What did you do?”
Of course not.
“Yes.
“Toast?”
Now they can see where they end up.
“If you deem it necessary.”
John huffs out something that almost sounds like a laugh, but which quickly devolves into something much different.
“Why would I mind?”
Come John, we’re going for a stroll.”
And just like that Sherlock accepts it.
John shifts a little.
Things can get hardwired differently.
“The way your Dad hurt you, that’s how you’ll hurt him if you lay a hand on me, and it’s the way you’re hurting me right now, locking him up wherever it is he is, the way you’ve done.
It’s the barest of whispers.
“Just keep him in your sights.”
You don’t need to work as much if you don’t want to.
He sees the corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitch, and then he’s smiling too, and it seems to diffuse some of the tension.
“Take you in my mouth.”
I’m telling you the truth.”
I was a child.”
“I know.”
I don’t remember anyone asking you.”
Wet, and broken.
He can feel his breath on his lips.
When the food is finally in the oven to bake, John turns around, leans against the counter and looks at him.
Likenesses of nearly 500 years worth of the Holdernesse clan, and unchanged, over all that time, some very distinct features of the bloodline.”
And when Sherlock can hardly breath, can hardly speak, or think beneath the assault of the spectres haunting the periphery of his memory.
John’s hands drop.
It’s just chatter, just Sherlock going on about biscuits, and the weather.
“I—I can’t…”
He was in bad shape.
When are you out?
It’s not a question.
“Maybe I wanted to die.”
Sherlock draws close, until he is sharing John’s pillow, and can feel the warmth of John’s body radiating against his.
But mostly, there is John.
“Hungry?”
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say.
Don’t need toddler things about when you’re bringing a woman back to the flat.
Bit cold, though.”
In that moment it felt intimate.
“Go on and get in, then.
“You should go,” John says.
It’s not helping, okay.”
That’s the problem.
A cab slows and pulls up to the kerb, and they both climb in, Sherlock giving the driver instructions to take them to Savini at Criterion.
Interesting bloke.
Down.
So here I am.”
He goes and takes a shower.
“Your arse, John.
Sherlock smiles into his hair.
He feels a bit foolish, too, but not enough for it to deter him.
Sherlock is holding him now.
Sherlock can feel himself growing hard.
It’s probably smug.
“I could have killed you.”
“I’m not going anywhere.
He’s often wondered if that is why she and John don’t get on.
Stomach churning.
Okay.
John smiles at the memory.
We can do that.
American, I think, but there’s a hint of some kind of accent, too.
You really must allow me to treat you.”
“Shit!”
I’m still working out the details.”
“Oi, no disrespect.
“I’m talking about more than heartbreak.”
“What?”
They will figure out.
“Well, that wasn’t exactly the response I was hoping for, but I’ll take it.”
Whatever you like.
Sherlock can feel the whisper of John’s lips against his skin.
“Ahh, it’s happened to us all now and again.
“I’m going to get up.”
You—you don’t have to lay yourself bare like this to prove it.”
“You leave Teddy out of this!”
“You’re just—different.”
Others, Sherlock included, use their mobile phones to light their way as they push through the cramped, damp passages of the cave.
Sherlock glares.
But as a general rule, with those who’ve meant something, those I really cared about…
“Go into my room, and sit on the bed, and wait for me.”
John finally catches up with him and reaches out to grab his arm just before he reaches the trees.
Fascinating.
Yeah, well spotted.”
John sounds drunk, and half asleep.
He turns all the way around, and walks a few steps in his direction.
“Whole family of alcoholics.
He just nods.
There won’t be time for hesitation, for mistakes.
His hand lingers on Sherlock’s arm.
“Look how you handled her a few minutes ago.
I have tried to lighten it when I could.”
John isn’t coming home, and it’s only a matter of time until he goes for good.
John’s lips part with a small puff, as though he had been holding his breath, and had just remembered to release it.
“I’m standing in the middle of the fucking street at six in the bloody morning, because I came all the way across town to see if you were okay, to see why we keep doing this, and I find you higher than a kite, and then am booted out on my arse, and yet I…
He goes into the loo, strips, and takes the coldest shower he can bear.
He sighs.
“Get up.
“Feels hotter than it is,” John assures him.
“Point made.”
“So what are we doing?”
He and mum were always fighting.
She asks, sticking a spoonful of porridge in her mouth.
John’s face crumples, but he doesn’t look away this time.
He stops mid-stride, spins and pulls hard at his hair, willing it to focus his scattered brain.
“So you think, what?
“Good heavens, Holmes.
“I mean maybe there was a love affair.”
You get a look.
Meant you should stay that way.”
thinking at all, really…”
Just know that he’s even more brilliant than he seems.
John looks as anxious as Sherlock feels, and so he nods.
“Your tea.”
They descend into silence again.
“What if I was to shoot you now – right now?”
“Come here.”
He nods.
A curiosity.
And he needs John in him again, without question, this very instant, and so he takes him into his mouth again, deeper this time, now that he’s got a feel for how John fits, lets the head of John’s cock slide along the top of his palette, nudge at the back of his throat, and then slide further still.
“Don’t much like feeling.”
And then when that chance came along…”
“The old woman?”
“Food.
He surprises himself again.
He’s known it, but it was easy to ignore with John safe in London, under his brother’s weather eye, and Sherlock half a world away with a purpose and a goal.
I just don’t want you to think that, I—I…”
John’s cheeks flush crimson under his gaze, but he holds it, even as he slips back inside Sherlock’s body, and finds the same magical spot he had been teasing before.
To Sherlock’s surprise, he nods.
John is sure to give Sherlock an extra large portion.
John reaches up, desperate for something, anything to cling onto.
“Since always.
John knows she means to be helpful, but he just feels chastised.
He decides to take a different tack.
Sherlock nuzzles his hair with his nose.
The video is over, and another is playing.
She’s a lucky kid.”
Tell me what you feel.
A-R-E
“Yes.
And this really is too much.
“I don’t know what you are suggesting, but you have no right, no right to…!”
John weaves a little, reaches out for the wall to steady himself.
He taps on the door, once.
And you contributed your insight and expertise.
“What?”
John still struggles sometimes, and so they keep alcohol in the house to a minimum.
John looks up, and Sherlock can’t decide if he looks angry or worried.  “Well?”
Because the other night, looked like a danger night to me.
John licks his lips and then nods, and Sherlock makes short order of the business, loosening and removing his belt, unfastening his trousers, pulling down his zip.
But it still feels so new, precious almost, he hates to share it.
“I can’t keep doing this.
It’s cold out, but at least it’s stopped raining.
Just a few minutes more.”
“Mm.”
“If you’re hungry.
It’s shock.
“Your smell changes.”
John’s lips tremble for a moment, before he clamps his mouth tight and looks away.
“Okay.”
They’re laying so close now, that their forehead are almost touching.
It’s hard enough to hurt, but not so hard as to be unpleasant, it adds another layer of sensation that shocks Sherlock’s brain out of the blank white stupor he usually sinks into when trying to achieve an orgasm.
They must fall asleep that way, because when Sherlock wakes some time later, it is to the first, pink streaks of dawn painting the walls across from him, to John’s limbs still tangled with his, and John’s fingers still tangled in his hair and resting lightly against his jaw, and to John’s breath wafting against his lips.
John smiles softly.
He’s grateful.
Yes, I know.
John realises he has no words for what it was.
Maybe he should go, just go.
Hold on.”
Not just yet.
He considers taking his time with it.
Worry, laced through with a grief he’s unwilling to let himself feel, worried, perhaps, that it will usher into the existence the very thing he fears beyond all else.
“Last time I saw you like this was Baskerville.
Sherlock’s mouth waters.
And then instantly hates himself all over again for assuming.
There had been infection.
A man he can’t control.
“I know.”
“Be what you need me to be!”
“Was a soldier and a doctor.
He takes a good sip before setting it down again, and leaning back a little, chopsticks hovering over his bowl of noodles.
“Hey.”
“Stand up.”
“John, I…”
Mycroft has to lean on his umbrella for support.
John shakes his head after a moment, and then struggles to his feet, reaching down to pull Sherlock up along with him.
We should be home in time for tea, and I imagine that Mrs. Hudson will have something special in store.”
John picks up his teacup and actually takes a sip this time.
“Sit up for me.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
Give me a minute to get used to the idea.”
A salad is not enough.
“Guess I never really thought about it.
Gotta see if the place is suitable for keeping after your wrinkly old arse someday.”
“But not anymore.”
Rosie nods, and Sherlock takes a last bite of toast.
He holds up the finger he had previously mangled on the mandolin.
John sounds impossibly young, and Sherlock thinks it might kill him, this tearing off of the plaster, this seemingly necessary step.
Of course.
John grins.
“You think there’s a bathtub?
“Everything.
“I’d like you to tell me.”
“Obviously.”
“Was it alright?
John looks up when he walks in.
Bloody infuriating bloke.
“Don’d be ridiculous.”
“I’m not certain that’s my place.”
“I suppose now you’ll be angry at me for dripping all over you.”
“Okay.”
“Up you get, then.”
He stops rocking, tucks his knees up under his chin, heels resting on the seat.
John can’t keep the amusement out of his voice.
I guess for me I just let myself enjoy some of that, and then—things happened.”
He controls his breathing, even in and out, each inhale taking in pieces of John, each exhale hot and ragged, barely clinging to the edge of control.
John’s head snaps up.
We can speak frankly.”
“Thought there was a rule—no requiring the sharing of wank fantasies.”
Sherlock nods.
He can’t stop crying.
the corner of John’s mouth twists bitterly, and he stares down at the floor with a shake of his head.
We’re just going to go on the way we have been, me never letting you initiate, always being uncomfortable with you touching me?”
“You won’t.
What about the ASMR?
“Incredibly.
“Yeah.
He’s just embarrassed, embarrassed by what he likes, embarrassed by what turns him on.
No pressure, okay.
This person is a bomber, remember, and they know where you live?
Sherlock blinks.
“Yes.”
His eyes fill.
“Them.”
“What was his name?”
“Doubtful.”
“And this just came up in conversation, did it?”
I haven’t earned it.
“Tad intrusive.”
What?”
“Oh no, of course not.”
It’s…”
John pulls his hand away, raises it to Sherlock’s lips.
And this is when John panics, which, he realises, is completely ridiculous give what they have just shared.
Sherlock’s lips stretch into a small, fond but sad smile.
“Yes, you’re right.
Let’s.”
Sherlock pulls back a little, slides a hand down the length of John’s spine before dropping it, and then turns back to the bedroom.
John takes deep breath, lets it out slowly and sinks back against him.
John looks away, gazes absently around the room, before shaking his head, and turning back to Sherlock.
“A wise precaution, yes.”
Sherlock shakes his head.
The fire in the bedroom hearth is warm, and John feels drowsy and content in his spot on the carpet in front of it.
“Not sure I could sleep.
Where would he go?
“Two sleeps.”
“I’m sorry.”
“You’ll never guess what I found out about the Duke’s family.”
Don’t worry.
“Okay.
“Stop looking at me,” he finally says.
He slips into some flannel pyjama bottoms, warm socks and a jumper, and stares out the window at the garden.
John bolts out of bed and into the loo.
He always drinks.
The sad reality of a changing climate.”
John interjects.
Now, the card.
And now it’s Sherlock’s turn to feel anxious.
I’m not an invalid.”
It’s totally platonic.
“There’s enough wood for the rest of today.
“You told me that Magnussen was for Mary.”
Ahh, he’s thrown the ball back in John’s court.
But apparently he too is under Mycroft’s thumb.
And then there is a dinner at Angelo’s, the whole restaurant reserved just for them.
Didn’t know how to say any of the things that needed saying.
“And I thought—I thought, there’s no way a posh boy like that would ever be interested in a bloke like me, and then it seemed like you were, but you said you weren’t, and I…
“What?”
John nods, swallows dryly.
I’m…”
Sherlock’s already moved a few steps away, and is pacing at the crest of the hill.
Sherlock glances over his shoulder again, and then rolls over to face him.
“I will handle it.”
He must sleep, because he wakes with a jolt to the feeling of a vicious kick to the thigh, and a fist to the ribs, and without thinking he reaches out, restrains his assailant, flipping them on their stomach, and pressing a knee to their spine.
Felt like approval, you know.”
I need space, distance to understand what we’ll be now, if anything; who I’ll be without you here.”
Watch it.”
“Don’t—don’t go thinking that.”
I spent a lot of time in my room, and—it made me feel better.”
Two men travel back from China. Both head straight for the Lucky Cat emporium. What did they see?
There’s no reason why any of this should be so arousing.
It’s dangerous, don’t you see.
I’ll do better.”
Anything.
Sherlock cocks a brow in response.
She never hoovers in the morning.
Sherlock squeezes his eyes tight, and huffs.
“John, I…”
“Gave them to Mrs. Hudson.”
Sherlock tucks his knees up against his chest, crosses his arms over them, and turns away again, resting his head on his knees, staring off at nothing in particular.
Sherlock pushes the glass of water under his nose.  “Drink this.”
“He’s stopped talkin’ to me altogether, you know.”
“Hey…”
John smiles fondly at that.
“Of course.
Why would you need me?
The ways I’ve dreamed of being with you?”
“Can I have it now?”
His fingers graze Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock thinks that John has finally said enough that he might just dare…
Sherlock sighs loudly on the video, and John clenches, and releases, clenches and releases, lets the warm, full, heavy heat build, and build.
This one involves you.”
I spent two years thinking I’d let you kill yourself, and I swore to Mary, Jesus and Joseph, and all the saints that would listen, that if I was just given a second chance, I would never fail you that way again.
“What?”
There are even some white beehives visible in the background, now John knows to look.
Mrs. Hudson just stares, but Sherlock appears to be chuckling softly when John glances down at him.
Sherlock feels like he can breathe again.
His eyes are red-rimmed, his jaw clenched tight, fists white-knuckled and trembling at his sides.
John closes the windows just as the wind kicks up outside knocking the garden gate against the fence, and rattling the loose panes in the window over the sink.
His cock throbs against the weight of the pillow, and he wonders if he should just take himself in hand and be done with it.
“But you just got here.”
, Sherlock mouths, silently.
“Yeah, okay.”
Perhaps it’s their age.
“Oh, but I think you do.”
“Yeah.
She’s tied to this somehow, but…
“Will we both fit in that tiny tub, do you think?”
Very angry, do you understand.
Perhaps it is the fact that John seems more fascinated by what he’s describing than put off.
“Am I?”
Sherlock watches the three dots pulsing as John types his reply.
Came back here.
Tense.
His voice is soft, his face stricken, and John hates, he hates with a hate stronger than anything he’s ever felt, that they are doing this to him.
“Maybe I’m not tired.”
It almost doesn’t feel real.
Sherlock can see John folding in on himself, his body language growing more and more insulating.
“And cream.
“You?”
My lips are sealed.
He couldn’t eat takeaway five nights in a row without paying the price.
“Bored?”
The clawfoot bathtub is deep, and as long as the hot water heater decides to cooperate, John just thinks that maybe they might even be able to share a bath.
“I love you.”
He doesn’t move otherwise, just the one question.
Sherlock stops in front of the bedroom door, to stare down at John.
“It was that woman?
Yeah?”
Shhh…”
“You want a fry up?”
“What?”
And I know, I know that too much has happened, that it will never be like it was, but I guess I hoped that maybe we could find out what it is now, and that we could start from here and build something else, something new maybe.
Do, if you want to, but you don’t have to.”
“I want to know what you prefer.”
Homelier than I thought it would be way out here.”
“So you—just liked it, or…?”
The energy between them has changed.
This seems to throw the caller, there is a moment’s silence in which John can hear the distinct background noise of a hospital.
Sherlock nods.
“Of course.”
I’ve borrowed a carriage from my brother.
want?”
All his worldly belongings.
“Sir William’s office – the bank’s former Chairman. The room’s been left here like a sort of memorial. Someone broke in late last night.”
Nothing new.
He pours the boiling water over two tea bags, and strides back over to his laptop.
The pleasure is electric, a hot jolt of sensation that infuses John’s every cell, and makes his toes curl and mouth fall open.
John pulls back a little.
He can’t seem to get Mycroft’s voice out of his head, the idea that Sherlock won’t say no, won’t protect himself.
John combs the hair back from Sherlock’s forehead, looks up at him, flush-faced, brows knit, breath coming in shallow pants.
My errors put you in a position where you—where you were forced to submit to a horrible humiliation, and I couldn’t just walk away from that as though it didn’t happen.”
Look at me.”
Sherlock smiles, worry and sadness still clouding his eyes.
From Mycroft it’s almost a compliment.
He can tell he’s trying to control himself, and he wishes he wouldn’t, he wishes he would just fully let go.
It’s important to me.”
“Yes.
“My hands will be fine.”
“Oh.”
So what?”
“Told myself it wasn’t healthy.
Oh, Christ.”
You really want me to tie you up?”
“John, do you want it?”
I’m starting you off with Dr. No.
Just because you’ve decided to add emotional manipulation to your arsenal.
“Why?”
“Wasn’t that pissed.”
John grins.
“Which is what I’m sure your wife would have said if she could have seen you and your secretary in your office just before you came here for lunch.
And John wonders for a moment if he’s actually getting off on this.
Tonight I believe it is best we go back to the school and get a good night’s sleep ourselves.”
“You like it, then?”
