Fifteen seconds.
Creation date: … |
“I see.“
he build from his father's old hardware in his sleep. There wasn't a single interface he didn't know or understand. (However when his father threw him a clinical look or turned his back on him, he felt terribly helpless, as if he didn't know the answer to an unspoken question. An equation he didn't know the intention for.) He
“Or maybe chinese? Fried noodles sound good right now. What are you up for?“
“Hell-
Another gulp out of the bottle drowned the mix of melancholy and absolute helplessness threatening to spread inside him. Like always when he was wasted and didn't want to be confronted with complicated emotions, Tony got ants in his pants. Or rather in his hands. Most of the time a new project or a bit of tech was helpful, but sometimes a pretty college student with long eyelashes and soft skin would do just as well.
Of couse he had activated JARVIS' functions one after another, extended them, rewritten them – for anything remaining he had written a program allowing JARVIS to enhance himself. Shit, it wouldn't take much more and JARVIS would practically code himself. There never really would be an end to his advancement, but the voice check did bear something strangely final. His hands flew over the keyboard and with some final keystrokes he confirmed his prior input.
That was Caps voice. Tony just noticed that he had been the one to help him sit up and who was still supporting him. He wanted to fob him off but he had to realized that moving without any electrical support in his suit was substantially more difficult. His arm waved one-, two times aimlessly in the air, until he let it alone again. Okay, no time for that nonsense.
“Yes, exactly.“
It didn't even take the fraction of a second until the screens flickered and the systems were booting up.
Tony waved his hand to indicate for Steve to go on. Paper crinkled once more.
“Like I was saying, he's pissed off quickly. But you know“, Tony began lightly, while he leaned towards him. “I believe he actually likes you very much.You just have to become comfortable with him.“
“Hm.“
– I can call you Pep, can I? Surely I can do that. – You should really pay more attention to my effusions.“ Tony felt Pepper's piercing look on his back and decided to refrain from describing the exact nature of effusions. Silently though he smirked about the effortlessness with which she stood up to him. So far none of his assistants had endured him for this long. (whereas “long“ meant three months, two weeks and one and a half days.) Maybe he had finally hit the jackpot with Pepper. “You too by the way, Rhodey, after all I do this for you too. – JARVIS, power up to 60 %.“
Rhodey's voice resonated with slight despair but Pepper just shrugged cluelessly and resumed to peruse Tony's schedule on her PDA.
There. There it was again: That “Oh,
Tony leaned further over the mess of wires that only had any kind of recognizable pattern to him and JARVIS, only they could read it, make
And Steve was still coming to the workshop.
“Okay. Avengers, departure.“
Tony made a mocking impression of a bow as a greeting. Just now could he really appreciate and cherish his AI's brand new mellifluous voice. It had been, in fact, the perfect choice. (of course.)
“It is
“Tony, you have the best trained assistants we could find in the whole of California!“
Tony nodded involuntarily and unnecessarily at the phone, making it nearly slip from his shoulder. He only managed to get a grip on it in the last second.
That too, was a pretty pointless promise, if one took into consideration how little Steve knew about computers. However Tony did feel a touch of gratefulness, maybe because Steve seemed to be the only one who understood what Tony was about. It wasn't about his data, or the security of his systems. That too but not marginally.
Fourty.
, Steve“, he gave in with a sigh. “I know. You don't have to tell me again, I was there. I already explained it to you: I was bored.“
having hit the ceiling out of fright but instead just having thrown a ballpoint pen
With the press of a key the computer began to compile the pieces, that were already coded. Tony didn't follow that but instead opened five new files to alternately add bits of code to them.
“No, god dammit, you don't get it!“ Tony snapped and suddenly threw the phone back at Clint, who caught it, without batting an eyelid.
Cradling the bottle of Whiskey like a small baby in his arms, he roamed through the empty halls rounding all the doors that led to especially personal rooms of his parents: the bedroom, his mother's office, his father's workshop. He hadn't been here since graduating from MIT. Yet after just half a week of being back, he was already going stir-crazy. He had never liked this house. Too massive, too dark, too
The best toy at his disposal would always be the tech. He could've probably disassembled and put back together the old
“Tony …“, he began hesitantly. “Didn't you say that you originally created JARVIS out of boredom? Because your parents went away for two weeks?“
Rhodey considered him with a merciless look. “I hate you. You know that, right?“
Noone understood. The systems had failed
Tony asked himself unexpectedly when the rule had become inoperative that said that Captain America was too much
Thirty seconds.
“Do not believe everything you read on the internet“, Tony stated flatly. “A bit of scotch is exactly right for my recovery right now.“
“At least“, he uttert with a hoarse voice, cleared his throat, then started again. “At least it created JARVIS. That's one good thing, isn't it?“
“JARVIS will be alright.“
Ninety.
“JARVIS?!“
A relentless string of system messages filled the sceen and disclosed to Tony that JARVIS was by all means reacting to his question. Nevertheless he got no answer, neither through letters nor through the voice, that should've resounded. The microphones and speakers were definitely active, so this couldn't be the problem.
“Pizza?“, he asked full of hope (and just a little bit desperate).
“I'm currently looking through the reports concerning the JARVIS-incident and I noticed something. In one of them the key data to JARVIS' development history is listed. From it's first construction to the point where you took up the programming again and so forth.“
“Pizza.“
away from him.
Lacking the latter Tony knew which choice to pick. He pulled the oldest computer out of a corner and connected it to the power grid, screen and home network in less than a minute. With a few other flicks of his wrists the thing was booted up and he was clicking himself with various commands through the harddrive. Most of it wasn't even noteworthy – fun but trivial fiddlings of a child, which he acknowledged with a quiet huff and resumed to ignore them. Until...
Yeah Tony was in love.
“You have never loved anyone,” Wanda said. “How do you know what love is?”
“Baba, I also pray to you for guidance in the matter of my marriage. Please help me decide if this would be beneficial to all the parties involved. I am unable to comprehend why King Howard would approach someone from the East for his son’s marriage.” Steve sighed in confusion.
“It was an administrative decision, respected Head of the Nobles,” Aunt Agatha said stepping forward. “And it was perfectly in His Majesty’s right to take such a decision. Choices that are in the good of the Empire should be taken without our Faith clouding our judgments.”
The elephant tried to hit him with its trunk and it would have succeeded if Steve hadn’t ducked in time. But, the other fighter wasn’t so lucky. He fell to the ground with a pained grunt as he lost consciousness. The elephant charged towards the man, its heavy feet shaking the ground on which it stepped. Steve got to his feet and dashed towards the man who was just beginning to regain his consciousness. But, the man was still heavily disoriented and Steve reached him just in time to save him from being crushed by the animal. The elephant’s trumpet rumbled in the brick walls of the training arena.
“Thank you Natasha for everything. You and General Barnes have really done a lot for me.” Tony had to say.
“Guys I…Tony…he just…” Steve tried. Tears were shining in his blue eyes. The team thought he could never hurt Tony but he did. That bruise was his fault and if he was not too busy being stupid, he would have caught on to Tony’s discomfort sooner and would have done something about it. This was all his fault.
It was like watching a movie. Everything was in slow motion. He took in the image of the Captain carrying him. Steve was wearing his stealth suit, and those stupid fingerless gloves. His hair was definitely longer, combed backwards neatly in waves. Of course, there was no fucking strand out of place. His beard felt soft as Tony’s arm brushed against it every so often as Steve walked. Did Tony ever tell Steve how good he looked in that beard? It must be Tony’s dazed head, but he could see a golden hallo form over Steve’s head or maybe that was just the sun setting. He was not sure.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Then she turned her gaze towards their Captain. Sitting straight, eyes blazing with anger, looking for his opportunity to confront Tony. He looked older and more threatening than he did before, in the Stealth Suit and a full beard. His blond locks were also longer than she remembered. He looked exactly like the Captain he was supposed to be. She was worried for Tony.
I am so sorry this was not updated sooner. My best friend was visiting me after 1.5 years so I just had to take some time off.
The main concern that Steve had was that while he understood that Prince Anthony had a history of abuse, what if he was a brat? What if he was just doing this out of spite for Howard? Steve and his pride did not want to be a part of a personal fight between father and son.
“The honourable Miss Agatha Harkness enters the kitchen!” she announced.
The next thing Tony saw was blood. A lot f it. No wonder he was starting to feel a little dizzy. There was a huge piece of glass protruding from his foot. Well walking barefoot on a ruined street will do that to you.
His line of thought was dismissed as another wave of nausea and dizziness passed through him and he registered the radiating pain in his captive wrist.
Now was his turn to enter the room, Tony had designated as his lab. Bucky had also informed him that he wanted to do the interiors in his lab on his own. Steve was intrigued. Why would a Prince be willing to manual labour like that? Tony amazed him. He could now clearly hear what Tony was saying.
The marriage ceremony was as grand as Tony had expected it to be. Thousands of relatives and courtiers were attending. It was all decorated with flowers and rich curtains in a white and lavender colour scheme. The Emperor wore traditional Eastern attire comprising of a blue shirt complimenting his eyes and black breaches with a very heavily ornamented cape. The crown he wore was made of solid gold and had very intricate designs on it. Tony on the other hand wore the traditional western garb, an ornamental blouse with flared pants and a heavy veil covering his face.
“Battlefields aren’t the only places where Empires are built. This marriage alliance – it creates a new bond and strengthens our Empire. This is a new beginning. Thank you, Dear father, may you rest in power my King, for putting me on the right path. Nick, convey my message of acceptance.” By Steve’s tone, it was certain that the matter was not up for discussion. The Emperor had made his decision.
Tony kept staring at Steve as if in a trance. Perhaps it was the blood loss or the after effects of almost dying, but Tony just couldn’t look away.
“Nat please be a dear and tell Pep that I actually showed up. I am sorry but something came.” He could always count on Nat.
It took one glance and Tony knew that not everyone in the Rogers palace was friendly. Agatha Harkness looked like a woman who was not to be messed with. She had long dark curls which were tied up in a knot on the top of her head. Her eyes were cold and calculating, which reminded Tony of Howard in a way. She was dressed in a very simple black attire, yet looked incredibly powerful.
Clint smirked, clearly not taking the hint. “I was asking the Prince. Why are you so flustered?”
Hope you like it.
The reaction was what he wasn’t expecting. Tony startled and gasped at the manly voice and he probably recognised his Alpha but as fate would have it, as he tried to turn on the stool to look at Steve, he also lost his balance on the step stool. As he was about to fall, it was Steve’s quick battle trained reflexes that led him to catch Tony before he hit the ground.
The kneeling king was older than Steve by several decades, he had just lost brutally to the Rogers’ army yet his eyes were full of resignation and not submission. Steve always respected a little rebellion.
“Yeah the doctor” Tony lied. Who was he shitting? Of course, Natasha knew he was looking for Steve. He might as well write it on his forehead. Whatever they had between them, was too obvious to hide now. “Nat where did Steve go?” he finally asked.
Tony stared at Miss Harkness, unsure if she was joking and when he was sure she wasn’t, he turned to the Emperor with alarm in his eyes. The Emperor looked just as uncomfortable as Tony was. He wet his lips and turned to speak to Agatha but, she spoke before the Emperor could get a word out.
The Emperor had left him behind to ensure Tony’s safety all throughout the journey and his utmost comfort at the palace. Tony had to admit Barnes was the first person in the Roger’s household who had managed to draw a laugh out of him. May be they could be friends? He was already calling him Bucky now. Tony was feeling a little less nervous than before. Bucky had assured him that Tony could approach him for anything he ever needed and he had even expressed his desire to be Tony’s friend.
As a last attempt at defiance, Alexander began, “Yes Your Majesty, but…”
“There is one more issue… we would like to discuss with you.”
“Your glorious majesty, for the first time today, let your sword out of its sheath and end the suffering our people have faced at the hands of Hydra” Fury roared as he held Steve’s sword in front of him.
The lights were focused on the piano as Steve began singing.
A lab and permission to have his own projects as an Omega? Prince Anthony’s was very brave to demand something like that. Steve always appreciated creativity and was supportive of Omega rights. He didn’t understand why did the westerners felt that they did not know how to treat their Omegas. One of his most trusted Ministers, Natasha was an Omega and that was just one example. The demands put forward by the Prince were brave and remarkable.
“And…” Natasha sat in front of Tony. She was holding a plate with a red cloth on it. She pulled the fabric back to reveal a pearl and jade neck piece. “He has sent you a gift.” Next the sounds of gasps from all his Omegas in waiting were heard. The piece was exquisite.
“Can you stop acting like a child for a second Stark?!” Steve let out between gritted teeth.
Tony turned to look at Agatha with understanding shining in his eyes. He wouldn’t put her above lying about the Imperial Law just to insult Tony but he would happily do it if his husband was concerned. Agatha looked at him with a false smile on her face. “Go on, Prince Anthony. Taste the food and deem it safe.” Her sneer was somewhat concealed.
Howard took a deep breath before answering. “I would like to run the Kingdom of California under the Rogers sovereignty, Your Majesty.”
“Hey Capcicle! Can’t sleep or what? Tony said in an annoyed yet teasing tone. Steve was startled but he hid it with expertise. “Hey Tony, you want something?” he asked in a soft tone. Even in the middle of the night Tony managed to look absolutely mesmerizing in his black shirt and grey sweat pants.
Before he could complete the sentence, his brown eyes, his big, beautiful brown eyes lost all focus and he started listing sideways. It was only Steve's quick reflexes, that he was able to grab Tony around the waist in time, before he could hit his head on the tiled floor.
“This is Dummy and You,” Clint said pointing towards the parrots in the cage which were squawking loudly. They were beautiful birds with blue and red feathers. They most surely were exotic birds caught in a forest somewhere far away.
you are my journey, you are my destination too,
Tony didn’t answer. This made Steve curious. Was Tony unhappy with the marriage itself? That would explain his reluctance to even talk to Steve.
Tony Couldn’t take it anymore. The only reason he was not on his knees crying his heart out was the fact that Natasha was literally holding him up. He had to do something. He had to get out. He turned and walked right out of the hall. He knew that the others would not stop him as they were too shocked to react too.
At the end of the party were Tony and Steve. Tony walking quickly to avoid the confrontation with the Captain, but the stubborn bastard was stomping behind him, yelling in his ear. Obviously, they had to argue all along the way.
to live without you, O heart, is so difficult.)
He fits perfectly in my arms was Steve’s first thought and then he looked at Tony’s face. Beautiful. Big honey coloured eyes with immense depth in them. A cute little nose. A jawline crafted by the Gods themselves and the most genuine and innocent look on his face. His Omega was just…just beautiful.
“Steve, by refusing to strike this man who has rebelled against your authority, you are sending the wrong message to your army,” he said vehemently. “Your army will not consider you a true Emperor if you do not do this.”
The Head Chef stepped forward with his head bowed down. “Pardon me, Your Majesty. It wasn’t me who cooked today’s feast but the Emperor Consort himself.”
“Tony hey, hey look at me. Open your eyes sweetheart.” Steve had no time to correct himself as a wave of worry and guilt hit him hard. Tony was hurt and all he did was yell at the brunette. Keeping his arm around Tony’s waist and easily holding him up, he used his other hand to pat Tony’s cheeks lightly in an attempt to wake him up. Just then, to his absolute horror, he saw a thin stream of blood drip down from Tony’s lips.
Steve got to his feet and stopped trying to halt the beast. He analysed his options. He saw that the beast was standing close to the wall on which the shields and spears were placed, blocking his access to them.
“Please don’t make a scene here Cap. Let’s get back to the tower.”
Enough rant now, our poor Tony has a lot coming for him.
Truth was, Tony had a hard time connecting the Emperor he heard of through tales in court with the man he saw the day before. The Emperor he heard of was a ruthless foreign invader who destroyed many an army on the battlefield. But, the man he saw didn't seem to be heartless monster. This man was understanding, compassionate and beyond generous. May be he could really have a life with Emperor Steven but for that he had to put his own prejudices aside. Though Tony also knew that he could not be so quick to judge. He needed more time, which the Emperor had given him.
“He is full of deceit and dishonesty,  a thousand scoundrels rolled into one. He serves as the Minister of Land Acquisition. He is cold and calculating.” Yeah well Tony knew that look very well.
“Welcome, King Howard,” said Steve in a cordial tone. “I am honoured and grateful that you have taken the arduous journey to come here and meet me. I would like to be informed of the reason for your visit my lord.”
“Fear not, my prince,” Pepper said with a knowing look. “I know this is not going to be easy for you, no matter what. And that is why…” Pepper took a pause to acknowledge Tony’s look of curiosity. “I am coming with you.”
Tony heard Wanda throw the dice and giggle just as Clint groaned. “Oh, no, I lose again,” the blond Omega grumbled.
It was a 5 day journey to the capital city of Brooklyn from the wedding venue and Tony made it with Pepper at his side along with a few of his guards. Rest of the wedding procession consisted of the Emperor’s family and friends and of course the Great Rogers army. Tony was actually overwhelmed by the amount of official protection he was being given. It was almost triple of what Howard could have bothered with for him.
“Your Majesty, this way please,” said Natasha and Tony followed her without question.
The plan sounded so tempting and the hope in his mother’s voice made him want to go through with it. But, Tony knew better. “We could do that. But, if the Great Emperor finds out it wasn’t me, the wrath of the Rogers army will rain down on California for the betrayal.” Tony wished so bad that he could just take a chance and send someone else in his place. But, too much was at stake. “They will find out sooner or later, Mamma.”
Tony looked around. He was back in his bedroom at the penthouse. His foot was now bandaged and his pain was a dull ache. He did remember what had happened.
“Tony you can’t do this every time!” Steve was yelling at him. Right after a mission. So, nothing new there. A mission where at the last-minute Tony had taken a huge risk and saved lives. Yes, his suit was gone and probably not coming back but he had like 20 more so it didn’t matter.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Steve frowned. “Disperse,” he ordered.
Well in Tony’s defence he had been awake for nearly 36 hours now. His eyes were almost black with big dark circles surrounding them. His hair was longer and in a constant bed head state. He looked tired and over-worked. There was no hope to salvage his look, yet as he matched his step with the Emperor walking in the courtyard, his Alpha just looked at him with a small smile and whispered ‘beautiful’. Tony had turned into a tomato right there on the spot and just when he thought blushing further was impossible, the Emperor picked a bunch of flowers from the garden and offered it to Tony.
“Come on Tony…”
The Emperor smiled and asked for the dancers to be presented. Tony felt sick to his core. He couldn’t sit and celebrate his marriage with a man he had no affections for. The weight of what had just happen set in and his tears began to flow once again.
He could never stand up for attacking a man who is already down. He had to make his opinion known even if it came out in a shaking voice, cracking with the onset of puberty.
It looked like the rest of the team had already reached the tower and if Steve and Tony had not stopped in the middle of the street to argue maybe they would have been with them.
[that is, every scarcity, every shortage in my life is fulfilled when you are there.]
Steve knew he did not deserve to sit near him but he couldn’t bring himself to move away. Or to look away for that matter. It was after 5 hours that the others succumbed to their exhaustion from the mission and the debacle after, and decided to move to their quarters for the night. Steve had absolutely refused to leave Tony alone and had simply dragged an uncomfortable looking chair next to the hospital bed, on Natasha’s insistence. He would sit and sulk right here till Tony woke up so that he can apologize for being the stupid excuse for a teammate that he was, as soon as possible.
Just as he stepped outside, he immediately took a step back and hid behind the curtain so he could peep but without being noticed.
Steve’s blue eyes widened for a second and he took a step back. Oh my God! Captain America can sure look like a kicked Golden Retriever. It almost made Tony feel guilty.
“A marriage is only complete when there is an heir on the way,” Agatha said.
“Tony, sweety, last time you didn’t tell him how you felt. You both just got into a really bad fight that was worsened by the circumstances. I am not telling you to forgive him. I am just saying that you both deserve a second chance.”
“You Majesty, with all due respect, Tiberius was abusing
Steve knew that in the West, breaking off of a marriage was a taboo. Marriage was considered a sacred bond that once if broken, would bring years of bad luck on the Omega and his family. Steve could not imagine the kind of abuse Prince Anthony would have gone through over the years after putting his foot down against an abusive relationship. It angered Steve immensely.
“I knew it was you who was watching cartoons late in the night. You are not as quite as you think you are Rogers. Now let’s go and wait with the others in the waiting room.” She said as she practically dragged Steve by his arm. As they walked in together, Natasha shared a quick reassuring look with Clint who immediately understood what happened. It was absolutely mesmerizing how they could communicate without words. Tony rightly called them the Murder Twins.
Tony chuckled humourlessly. Leave it to Pepper to comfort him in the worst of the situations. Tony knew she was saying this as an ice-breaker. All throughout the process of packing Tony had been uncharacteristically non-hyper verbal.
He ran his fingertips lightly over the Prince’s knuckles and Anthony flinched. Steve understood. Tonight was not the night. He could just take today to comfort the Prince and put him at ease, make him realize that Steve was safe.
Oh no he made Captain America swear. Tony knew he was deep shit but he was Tony Stark of course he had to say something snarky. "No, I don't fuck stupid so honey you should try somewhere else." He said with his trademark smirk.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, the next performer might come off as a surprise to you but we have none other than Captain America performing for us tonight!”
They were down the street which led to the tower and the Avengers had decided to walk back with full gear. Wide-eyed stares and camera clicks be damned, everyone was traumatized anyway. Happy was bringing his suit, sorry the remains of his suit, on a crane or something.
But he didn't know what was up with JARVIS. He had just disappeared, without any outer influences, without having been hit. How even? The fight against the doombots had just been wrapped up.
Precisely.
Tony paused, watched the glass and actually considered for a moment to surrender. He was thirsty enough to humor JARVIS this one time. One cup of water and Tony could get himself another bottle of scotch somewhere else. Furthermore slowly he didn't care about what he drank anymore, as long as he got something. He wanted to reach for the glass but something made him stop. This smell. One became aware of the fact that there hasn't been anyone working in the workshop for a long while: the stale air, machine oil, burned metal scraps.
“JARVIS?“
He had started with the champaign and worked his way up according to the alcohol's percentage – when he got to the $2000 Single Malt, the world was already spinning pleasantly and 13 missed calls from Obie were blinking on the voicemail inbox.
He will probably sell it and build a new one. Something he could
hungry!“ That wasn't an exaggeration. Cap's enhanced super soldier metabolism ensured that he could wolf down quantities of food. “Ha! I know. We could go into that one diner, the one with the killer burgers. And fries. And milkshakes.“
“That wasn't the first time, was it?“
“Come back soon.“
. There had always been JARVIS to comment on his relentless gibberish and to go through his science projects with him.
“... JARVIS?“ huh. Maybe he should try to reboot but then it would–
Tony fell silent, because he didn't know how to respond. Because it obviously wasn't okay to neglect your son, or plainly ignore him. Because sometimes he still hated his father and wished that he didn't. Because Steve took something to heart, that he didn't even need to take to heart. And because this was so incredibly Steve-like, that he sometimes didn't know how to deal with that.
Tony's grin grew even wider, before he turned around forcefully again and tended to his project. “Could I now ask you to leave me and JARVIS alone? And please do not disturb anymore. Or else the house will blow up in our face.“
“We'll find out what happened, I promise.“
The others wordlessly began to move towards the jet and met Banner halfway there, who had shrunken down to normal size again. Tony hadn't moved an inch, even though his insides were screaming for a laptop to hack into his servers, or better even: to be in attendance. Cap put a hand on Tony's shoulder, which was pretty pointless, regarding he couldn't feel anything through the armour.
“Iron Man, everything okay?“
“Does somebody have a phone?“ He asked unceremoniously, while he begann to release his right glove from it's bracket. After a few minutes of futile fumbling and slipping, Steve took pity on him and helped him open the locks.
Tony pressed his lips together and shook his head.
okay.“
“No, I've got everything I need. Besides it's more of a, uhm, private project.“
, after the press conference, after he had possibly ruined his company with his decision, after the discussion with Obadaiah, after having sent Pepper home with repeated affirmations and nodding (Yes, he was fine and no, he didn't need anything else).
No system that Tony Stark invented just crashed for no reason, even JARVIS.
“Yepp. I
“But the date–“
wanted to end this conversation.
“The systems crashed. JARVIS is–“
house, that's what it was now) – after all that he deserved it: to pillage the minibar of his dead old man and forget everything.
After his
“Did you miss me?“
“Uh-huh ...“ Obadaiah seemed to pause for a moment too. “Do you need any resources from the company?“
Tony knew by now that Steve and his father had been friends. That he had a whole other image of him than Tony. How strange and hard it had to be to lay these pictures side by side and realize that they weren't alike.
“Soon. Just this one thing.“
. A damn good idea that is, if he was able to implement it but he didn't doubt that. After all he was Howard Stark's son.
“Tony?“
Tony hesitated for a minute, while the cursor continued to blink at him. At the age of twelve one really didn't need any chaperon anymore, he thought. And most kids would've really been proud. Still he bit his lip before entering the date.
“Phone“ he repeated stubbornly, a bit more harshly, and held his, now freed hand, oustretched.
Tony, who had followed the conversation only peripherally, pulled his safety googles back on the bridge of his nose. He had, god knows, better things to do – Science! Weapons! New rockets for the Army! – , but since he could never refrain from letting such statements be uncommented, he payed them a little bit of his attention.
“Yes but it isn't good for you. You've hid away for months. How about you come with me instead? A few meetings, get in touch with the world again ...“
“Please save the latest changes on the project. That's enough for today.“
“Alright. I get it. But promise me one thing, Tony?“
“Miss Potts?“ Tony stared at his hands and couldn't place the name for a tiny, crazy second.
“Yes?“
“Okay, soon we'll get it ...“, he muttered, while patting the screen like wanting to calm a horse before it's first big race. Even though he was the one with fluttery nerves. (Which could also be because of the four cups of coffee he's had.)
“Right.“
He didn't know, what made him do it, but he hesitated. He paused, leaned back in his chair and as he off-handedly answered, too much time had already passed.
“Don't tell me you're not hungry! You're
“Mmm?“
“No, I mean it“, he added, because he knew Steve wouldn't let the subject go just like that. He tried to grin non-chalantly but felt more like an askew Picasso. “Yes, my parents did leave me alone. Yes, it wasn't always great. But it wasn't like I couldn't look after myself. This there“, he wagged his hand in the direction of the file “… that's the past. You can't change it anymore.“
Steve's smile got softer and a warm twinkle formed in his eyes and while he collected his documents he nodded to Tony.
With an uncoordinated kick he pushed open the door to his old room. It was like he had suddenly traveled five years back in time: posters about cars and rockets on the wall, shelves filled to the brim with finished and unfinished robots, piles of computer magazines on the floor (hidden inbetween multiple porn magazines) and five generations of self-made Tony Stark-processors. Nothing had changed. Absolutely nothing.
No answer.
, JARVIS was talking to him. With sound and all that, not with glowing letters only. “Nice to hear you!“
“And alone“, Steve added, insistent.
JARVIS had this
With a short key sequence he created a new register in the system, after a few moments of brooding he was typing again.
of it. While JARVIS was navigating the blowtorch with a grappler at one end of the object, on the other end Tony was pinpointing the soldering iron exactly on the bits that had to be linked to each other. For a few moments it was silent until Rhodey's stunned voice interrupted.
“JARVIS!“ He yelled a bit panicy but still honestly enthusiastic because –
“Tony, I didn't get one word of what you just said. Pepper do you have an idea what he's talking about?“
And he was dying of thirst.
“Good. Then please tell me if the connections all work right. And the acoustic's settings in here are not quite – can you dial the speaker to my right up 15 percent? … Yes, that one.“ Tony was already bending over his computer again to smooth out some minor bugs that were already getting obvious. Seemingly off-handedly he also added:“Oh, and while you're at it … tell me a joke.“
“If you're so curious then ask JARVIS“, she murmured, while typing something. “I've given up on wanting to understand Mr. Stark's technical effusions a long time ago.“
“Okay, that's enough.“
For a few seconds there was an akward silence. Then Tony began to sway again because Steve had let go of him without warning.
“Hm“, Tony said in a minimally changed tone of voice and signalled Cap that he was listening. His fingers floated through the air to refine the Helicarrier's prototype, adding supporting beams, where they were necessary, check energy sources which had to work at a hundret percent in the case of an emergency. Not long and they'd start building.
“And alone“, Tony nodded.
“Well then. Thank you.“
“JARVIS? Can you hear me?“
Tony sighed, “Yeah I know.” He knew Steve would want to deny it but the fact that that was the first thing on his mind stung.
“I’ll be taking you to a warehouse where we will spend a few days bonding.” Tony looked down and shut his eyes, “And then I will be taking you to your new home where no one will be bothering us!” He exclaimed.
Steve found out that Tony was an excellent piano player and had even written some of how own music. He said it was because his mom had spent whatever time she could to teach him. She also taught him to speak Italian.
It had been four days since Steve left and Tony was missing him. He had busied himself with lab work but eventually came back up to the common area for food.
Tony sighed contentedly and kissed Steve one last time on the cheek. Tony was so happy and elated. He felt like he had finally found his other half.
Steve picked up a photograph, the one from when they went to the fair in New York. It brought tears to his eyes, “Don't worry love, I’ll find you. I promise.”
“No, actually I do.” Tony said, starting to get angry, “I get that you’re ashamed to have people know that you’re in a relationship with me.” Tony snapped, “So don’t worry I’ll get Pepper to set up a conference immediately so we can repair your now tarnished image.” Tony growled out, then quickly turned away.
Tony looked down but closed his eyes when he felt the needle hit his skin. He locked his jaw and refused to give Donald the satisfaction of looking afraid.
“Sir, Mr. Rogers is requesting entrance.”
“Pepper came by earlier and let us know.”
Tony gave him a toothy smile and then began attacking Steve’s face in kisses.
Then Donald flipped the switch to the weapon on and said, “Hope you have fun.” With a sadistic smile.
He was stuck with the physical and emotional pain. All he could do was cry and hope that help would come.
“Of course Tony, I have a few things I need to bring in here but I honestly can’t wait to officially move in with you.” Steve smiled.
Tony woke up just in time to feel Donald hooking the wires into his reactor and skin. His breathing began to pick up.
“Oh.” Steve said surprised, a slow smile forming.
The words came easy.
The door to the dungeon opened and Justin came in with two huge guards.
“What’s going on?” Natasha asked.
He walked into the room, expecting Steve to be asleep but instead was greeted by a very alert looking boyfriend.
Tony woke up the next morning with a happy sigh. He thought back to the night before, the unexpected reciprocation of his feelings. He and Steve had made out happily until Jarvis reminded Tony that he had a meeting to attend to the next morning. Tony had honestly thought of donating Jarvis to MIT in that moment, but Steve simply kissed his cheek and told him that he would wait for him after his meeting.
“Haha very funny Clint.” Said Bruce.
Everyone shouted “Meeee!” at the same time.
“Oh…you don’t talk about your family much. What were your parents like?” Tony asked interested, sitting down.
And the rest of the night was spent watching a terrible comedy movie until they both passed out on the couch.
“Missions have been going well. I think I’ll have a week of so off at the end of the month. Hopefully I can see you.” Rhodey said smiling.
“Wow, of course I would want to!” Steve exclaimed, “I mean I was going to ask you the same thing pretty soon anyways but I would love too.” Steve said happily.
What felt like hours of endless screaming, morning and crying passed by. Tony’s breathing became ragged and constant tears were flowing out of his eyes.
“Mmmm” Tony mumbled as he began to stretch and move, “Steve…are you here?”
“Sounds good. We will start searching now.” Natasha said.
When Steve had asked to show Tony something, this is definitely not what he was expecting. Tony was at a loss for words, he knew exactly when each moment had happened from the paintings he was seeing. He tried to fight back the burning sensation in his eyes. It was ridiculous but it had been so long since someone had thanked him, let alone gone to such lengths to be so thoughtful.
“Tony wait I-” was all that was said before Tony ended the call.
“Sorry but no can do.” He said dismissively.
“Sorry if this is a dealbreaker.” Steve teased back.
“If it were a problem, trust me I would’ve told it to you straight away.” Fury said sitting down and motioning for Steve to do the same, “Any reason you’re asking me again?”
Tony sucked in a deep breath, “Yeah it’s just aliens and I aren’t really a good mix.” He took another deep breath, “When I found out we would be fighting aliens it made me think of the wormhole. And then leaving you or losing you is just too much.” Tony said shaking.
“Pep that would be a lifesaver.” Tony said as he got up to hug her. “I’m sorry for calling you selfish.”
“I’m sorry too, Tony.”
Feeling a bit awkward and out of place, Steve just went for it, “Good morning Ms. Potts, and hi Tony.”
“I’m glad to see the world has changed for the better.” Steve said seriously, “When I was a kid I was forced to hide who I was. I’m glad to see for the most part people don’t have to do that anymore.”
“No it’s fine…” he said looking away, “Doubt he would even stop by to see me if he had the whole year off.”
“Stay with me?”
“So I guess I’m a super soldier now.” Tony teased.
Another half hour went by of Tony working before Steve walked into the workshop. Tony was so deep in concentration that he didn’t notice Jarvis alert him of his arrival.
“Okay, yeah I understand.” Tony said smiling softly, then tightening his hold on Steve’s hands he added, “There just isn’t a gift I don’t want to give you. God knows you deserve the world. But I’ll try not to be extremely overwhelming.”
“Ha ha ha, very funny,” Tony replied dryly “We are the perfect unit, I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Captain B. McCrea was arguing with AUTO and that part freaked Steve out a little. When AUTO knocked over the captain off the ship Steve asked Jarvis, “You would never do that to us right Jarvis?”
“Yeah I did I spent a lot of time in the lab, I think I’m close to finding a way to controlling the Hulk.” He replied enthusiastically.
Tony snickered, “I never pegged you for a rule breaker or someone to cause a scene, Steve.”
“So Steve, how would you feel about coming with me tonight to MoMA?” Tony asked delighted.
It wasn’t even the fact that they showed the picture, which admittedly was annoying. No, it was the fact that Steve raced out of the room as soon as humanly possible. It showed that Steve hated the fact that the public knew, he was ashamed that his name was tied to his.
“Of course you did.” Tony said proudly as he led Steve to the couch.
“Haha very true but sometimes we need help with the small things. Come on Tony match your breaths with mine.” Steve coaxed.
A few minutes later Steve went back upstairs. He was greeted with the sight of Thor and Natasha on the couch and Steve and Tony making popcorn in the kitchen.
“Oh my god that tyrant was going to have you watch Wall-e without me!” Tony yelled indignantly.
“Yes of course.”
A photo that was framed and placed in the common room for everyone to see.
Steve wrapped his arms tightly around Tony, “Oh Tony, I’m sorry. Sweetheart it’s okay, you have to look at that experience as you saving the world. I can never know what you experienced, but I do understand sacrificing everything so the world can live. You’re a hero. Don’t wear the wormhole as a chip on your shoulder, wear it as a badge of honor.” He kissed Tony. “And I’m terrified of leaving you and the team or losing you, but we all have each other. We can beat anything, and if we can’t, we will go down together.”
“On it.”
“Well when we got you here, you had been hurt really badly. And the arc reactor… well it had been so damaged that it wasn’t working properly and the area around your chest was deeply bruised. Your heart was working triple time to keep you alive.” Bruce paused, taking a breath, “We didn’t have that many options but as a team we came up with a solution.” He looked around to the others, Tony noticed they were all smiling, “We decided to take some of  Steve’s blood and give it to you, in the hopes that it could heal the severe damage. And it looks like it worked better than we were hoping. The reason you don’t feel any pain now is because your injuries are all gone. The serum healed it all and you might end up with your own powers. We won’t know until the next few weeks, as the serum fully mutates your blood.”
“Why would you want to do that?” Tony asked skeptically.
Tony considered fighting or trying to run but he was drained. Even though he was awake and alert during the energy transfer, that adrenaline wasn’t made to last. He was also mentally and emotionally drained.
The cuts on his midsection began to heal and he could see the scarring began to form.
Tony broke away, on account of needing to breathe and smiled hugely, making the corners of his eyes crinkle a bit when he was genuinely happy.
Then Thor came and trapped him in a bear hug.
Tony was miserable in Japan. Meetings were a bore, but what’s worse was that things were strained as ever between him and Pepper. Tony wanted to fix it but he didn’t know how.
Before Tony could reply Thor grabbed him, “Yes we are all happy to have our brother with us.”
“Hey they’re Tones!” Justin said enthusiastically, “We are going to have so much fun together. As soon as my friend Donald is finished with you here, you are going to come live with me. And believe me, I’m nowhere near as nice as him.” He said, throwing an arm around Donald’s shoulder.
Steve walked into the tower exhausted, the mission was a success but there was some unexpected fighting towards the end.
He let Steve pull him up and drag him out but before they left, Tony grabbed a bag.
“God Steve I never knew you could make Stark as old as you. You’re basically an old married couple now. Should we get you walkers for our next mission?” Clint asked.
Natasha smiled, “And the paper, what type is it?” She asked.
“What why?” He demanded as Clint, Natasha and Thor walked up.
They all ran to the lab, but Tony was nowhere to be found.
“I love you guys too.” He said, gripping Natasha.
“That’s what you think?” Tony asked incredulously, looking to Steve’s worried face. “Steve, baby I’m completely amazed and happy in ways I can’t even describe. I thought I would have damage forever and now you’re telling me that I have your blood in my veins. Honey I couldn’t be happier.” He said.
“Hey guys,” Tony said nervously, “There’s something you wanted to talk about? Is it a mission?” He asked.
“There was a man, his name was Yinsen.” He paused, putting his hand over his arc reactor, “He helped me build the suit. And he sacrificed his life for mine, he told me not to waste it.”
Steve frowned, he sensed that there was something else there but he didn’t want to push it.
“Excellent work Jarvis.” She smiled, everyone stood up. “Now let’s go to SHIELD.”
Whether or not Hammer was telling the truth, Tony knew he couldn’t risk it. Not until he found the control to the bomb. He closed his eyes as Hammer began to remove the gag.
“Let me take him” Thor said, walking up to Steve, “Bruce is ready back at the facility.” At Steve’s frown he added, “Please Steven, he needs treatment now and I can get him there in a matter of seconds.”
Tony smirked and rolled his eyes. Then he curled back into Steve.
“Remember when we took your blood?” He asked rhetorically, “Well we splattered it on a crime scene and, well, now everyone thinks you’re dead.” He declared, clapping his hands together.
Then they walked together, hand in hand to go eat cotton candy with Bruce and Natasha.
Understanding crossed Tony’s face and he proceeded to explain how his armor worked to Steve and they both felt much better.
“Ugh. Why couldn’t you have given me something cooler, Steve?” He said, faking anger.
Natasha’s jaw dropped, no one beat her. However she quickly schooled her expression into one of practiced indifference.
Donald was pushing what looked like a massive grenade launcher on a table with wheels. The weapon had two massive wires attached to it, with sharp ends sticking out.
“Okay Steve.” Bruce said, “It’s game time.”
“I love you too, Tony. So much.” He said kissing Tony’s temple.
“Harder!” Tony yelled, then Steve began to speed up and fuck him harder until they were both panting in each other mouths. Steve’s pelvis met Tony’s ass and the slapping of skin on skin and moans were all that could be heard.
He was taking a rare nap when he woke up screaming from a nightmare about Steve dying. He gasped for breath in bed and then got up to find Steve. He would feel better once he saw that he was okay.
But then in a serious tone he said, “Seriously though, you’re the best captain, and friend that I could ever ask for. Thank you Steve.” He said smiling.
“Ah!” He yelled as he tried to take in gallons of air with broken ribs.
“And you’re starving me Steve, this is actual slavery.”
Tony busted out laughing at that and so did everyone else.
“Ah yes my Captain.” Thor said solemnly “I was dreaming of fierce battles long since past.”
“Ughhh… Jarvis. What do you want?”
“We used to live right here.” Steve said pointing to an old apartment building, “I lived on the third floor and Bucky lived on the fourth.” He said smiling full of nostalgia.
Clint and Natasha immediately ran to the guards and took them down. And then Thor fried Hammer with his lighting.
“Hey, hey there tiger slow down it’s 3:30 in the morning.” He said as Steve sat back down, “We can plot to overthrow SHIELD, but it has to at least be at a reasonable hour like 11am.”
“No Tony I won’t. You can take it, I made sure it won’t kill you.” He said cupping Tony’s face in a mock loving gesture, “And besides this is just the first weapon, you have so much more to go through.” He smiled, then walked away, closing the door on a screaming Tony.
Steve took Tony’s hand in his and brought it to his mouth in a sweet kiss.
“Alright, I’ll see ya in a few days.”
Tony was about to turn and thank Steve for hanging out with him, but when he did their faces were only inches apart.
Jarvis had pulled up a hologram, which showed a live feed of what the Avengers had just said about him.
“Are you talking about Tony?” Steve smiled.
“This just in, folks.” The anchorwoman said sadly, “The search for Tony Stark ends as his blood is found at a crime scene. The infamous Iron Man is gone. The Avengers have yet to comment on the matter.”
Jarvis took a picture of that as well.
“Hahaha. Be gone evil beasts!” Thor shouted, “You attack my comrades, then you must deal with the God of Thunder!” Immediately blasting a large sum of aliens with his lighting, killing them instantly.
“Oh he’s at a meeting,” Steve replied “He didn’t look too happy to be there.”
“Sir that will take time, we won’t be able to figure all that out tonight. However I will get started on a program now.”
“I may have a few images worth framing.” Jarvis supplied.
“Oh wow Stark so you can’t even fight your own battles.” He said loudly.
Then they blindfolded him and threw him in a trunk of a car.
“I’ve never been more sure if anything-well other than you.” Steve smiled, “And I want to share that with the world, and give hell to anyone who disagrees.”
“No Thor,” Steve said before anyone else could reply, “This is to help raise money for charities that could help a lot of people.”
“Hey Tony.” Donald smiled, “We just wanted to let you know that you only have one more weapon to power before you’re done. After that, you get to go live with Justin.” Donald smiled.
Steve stirred and shook his head before groaning and taking in huge gulps of air.
“You know.” Tony said looking at their joined hands, “I know that I have a bit of a reputation, but this is real to me.” He said looking at Steve in the eyes to make sure Steve knew he was serious.
“Steve I need you to calm down.” He said gently raising his arms, “Tony is stable… for the moment.”
The painting showed everyone laughing and the featured the Iron Man armor shining in the moonlight. The second, was from the movie night. Steve had asked Jarvis if he could pull up a photo of the perfect moment and he had.
“Hey Tony.” Steve said smiling
“Well we thought it would be fun Steve said lamley.” Steve turned to Bruce, “Care to save us?”
“Thanks Steve, I’ll do better next time I promise.”
“I wouldn’t take that personally. He’s very invested and probably doesn’t want to tell anyone just in case it doesn’t work.” Steve explained, running a hand through his hair.
“Damn Tony you just figured out my secret.” Steve shot back.
“Hello everyone, I hope I’m not bothering but I just need to grab Tony for a moment.” She said kindly.
“Look I’m going to stop you right there.” Fury began. “We know Stark is alive. SHIELD has been monitoring underground criminal activity and that idiot Justin Hammer has been boasting to some of his criminal low life friends that he will have Stark moved with him to some other country.”
“Cap you aren’t going to lose us the way you lost your family from before.” Nat, added, placing her hand on his knee, “You can take a breath, we are all a team and we all will look out for each other.”
If Tony got better.
“Oh do I now?”
Bruce had just come in again, to go over Tony’s progress with Jarvis, when Tony himself began to stir.
One would think that Tony and Steve would be complete opposites when buying furniture, but that was not the case at all. Turns out Tony likes simple and comfortable as much as Steve.
A few days later Tony and Steve went out on another date. Tony took Steve to one of his more private restaurants. They both were enjoying a lovely evening when Steve got a call.
Steve frowned at that, he had a feeling Tony was overworking himself, and guilting himself for what happened during the mission.
Steve looked up at his boyfriend’s now shining eyes, “Tony don’t you dare blame yourself! I screwed up, I wasn’t paying attention and I got myself caught. You did what you could do and without you, so many people could’ve been killed. Plus we didn’t even have our full team until the very end. You took over and told Thor and Clint what to do. You did great.”
“Come on Steve! Let’s go on a vacation then. Have you been to Paris?” He said while pacing back and forth.
Steve told Clint to fly, he wasn’t in the right mind.
“Director we have reason to believe—” Steve began.
Tony was jostled around in the trunk. He tried not to panic at his situation, and to keep his claustrophobia at bay.
It had been ten minutes since Donald left the room. Meaning now Tony was left alone with his thoughts. He tried to fight his restraints, more to distract himself than anything else, but he just tired out.
“You’re the best Brucie bear.” Tony winked at him.
“Mmm well I think we made good headway today.” Steve said, kissing Tony. They kissed for a quick minute before a sales click cleared their throat.
Tony couldn’t believe he could endure this much pain. He felt as if he was being burned alive and drowning at the same time. He was drenched in sweat and the pain was never ending. Not only was he helping his enemy, but the weapons took forever to charge. He had to stay conscious through all of it. All he could do was cry and scream for an end that he knew wasn’t coming.
A few days later Steve and Tony decided to go out for furniture shopping. It was a little silly, considering the tower was furnished to the nines, but Tony insisted. He wanted the place to be theirs and he mostly picked his furniture for the sake of appearance. Tony Stark was flashy and rich so that’s what his apartment needed to be.
“I understand, buddy. Just be safe please.” Steve said smiling.
As he went back up to the common room, he was vibrating with anticipation. He knew he needed to talk to Tony and explain.
“That I do.” Tony said, more seriously.
“Yeah I don’t need that, why don’t you make yourself useful and make me some coffee. And no motor oil in it this time!”
“What? Who me? Never, Rhodey Bear.” Tony said in mock innocence. “Just making sure they’re treating you right Honey Bun.” He joked.
“That’s absolutely what we should do.” Steve said nodding. We will regroup tomorrow.”
“May as well be the very first time someone’s told me.” Tony said quietly, “Because no one's ever meant it the way you do.” He paused, “And it’s never meant as much as it does to me now.” He smiled shyly.
“Hmm well you can’t have everything I guess.” Steve said smiling.
“Nooo,” he mumbled, “Please, inside me.”
“No need to say it, I know I screwed up.” He said frustrated with himself, “I couldn’t kill enough aliens or keep the perimeter secure… I couldn’t even save you.” Tony said, sadly.
“Was absolutely incredible and amazing and a million other things.” Steve said smiling brightly.
“That doesn’t change the fact that it was irresponsible, people could’ve gotten hurt and you two look like idiots!” Tony said growing more angry. “And of course Fury gives you two a free pass, if it were me he would’ve had my head.” He said and walked away.
“We will leave you to rest, then you’re all mine.” Justin said mischievously.
This was just the beginning of Steven Grant’s true authority.
“The Eastern culture gives both spouses equal rights in dissolving the marriage. It is in your right to do so if you are unhappy with the match. You can break the bond and become free once more.” Even as Steve said the words, a strange lump formed his in his throat, making it difficult for him to get the words out. He hoped Tony doesn’t decide to dissolve the marriage. He didn’t know why but he didn’t want Tony to leave. He had a feeling that once they got to know each other, they could be good friends – or even more.
Enjoy <3
“My lord” roared General Fury. “Behead this man who dared to challenge your authority as is custom.”
On the other side of the American land was the small kingdom of California ruled by the Stark dynasty. The current King Alpha Howard Edward Stark II had asked for more time to convey his final decision when the decree from the Rogers empire had reached his court. He had more important things to deal with at the moment.
“Punk, you are so dramatic but I am loving every minute of it.” Said Bucky as he entered the room. “It is my duty, as your…what do they call it? Yes....wingman, that I tell you that I have got you a place on the performers list with my smooth talk and charm.”
“How was the journey till Brooklyn my dear? I hope Bucky took good care of you?” was her next question. Tony was still working on finding his voice after all everything that was happening to him was extremely overwhelming, so he just responded with a polite “Yes, Your Majesty.”
He jerked Steve’s hand off himself stood up with great effort. Great! Now one step at a time. If only he was not in a daze. Goddamn blood loss.
“I am very grateful to you,” Tony continued pulling Steve back from his thoughts, “for fulfilling my demands. I don’t know why but, I have this fear and doubt in my heart. I haven’t been able to accept this marriage wholeheartedly. Perhaps this is because of how different our cultures and traditions are. I did consent to the marriage and yet, my heart is not ready to be mated to you.”
But even the mightiest warriors need peace some times. A monthly visit to his father’s grave was his way of escaping the royal chaos that was his life. The peace always helped him make better decisions as well. The piece of land where it was situated was also extremely beautiful and the embodiment of tranquillity. It was covered in greenery and located beside a clear stream of water, with a gentle breeze blowing and only hints of the warm sun.
Not only this, but his wrist and the bedsheet on which it lay, were wet.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Man of Iron, the Captain was worried and so were we. I am glad to see you alive. I cannot imagine losing another brother to battle.” Thor said in a serious tone which was new for him. This alone was evidence of the fact that Tony’s little debacle had truly shook him. “I am sorry for worrying you guys. I didn’t mean it” said Tony, regret etched on his face.
“Steve…” General Fury was as surprised as he was angry. “Are you forgetting that you are the future of the Rogers Empire. I have stood by you loyally and mentored you through your youth to make you into the Emperor you are today. I have carefully rebuilt the falling empire of Rogers and today you are intent on destroying it.”
Well Steve really couldn’t blame Sam. He never told anybody on the team other than Tony. Tony loved his voice. Often at night, when Tony couldn’t sleep, he would very authoritatively and cutely demand that Steve sing him to sleep. It was one of his best memories before the so-called ‘Civil-War’.
“I respect you and I value your feelings. Please be assured that I will never force myself on you.” Tony’s head moved slightly at that. Perhaps he was shocked again at Steve’s declaration. Now Steve was more determined to show Tony how different the culture was in the East. “I will only touch you, when your heart is ready for me.” It was time to go. If Steve wanted Tony to sleep comfortably for the night, his best bet was to depart to the small room attached to the main bedroom.
Across the courtyard, Rumlow was getting bolder and bolder with his choice of words to the Emperor. “How are you any more capable of ruling an Empire than I am?” he said getting into the Emperor’s face. “You were nothing but a puppet in the hands of General Fury all these years. Do not forget that it was my mother who raised you and guided you. I am just as capable as you are, if not more.”
The Emperor was smirking at him, looking straight into Tony’s eyes. Holy shit.
Please feel free to leave a comment.
Steve wanted to. He really did. He had been training for battle for as long as he could remember with General Fury. And he did not wish to disappoint his mentor. He also wanted to earn the respect and loyalty of his army. But, he just couldn’t do it. His conscience would never allow him to.
“Maria misses you terribly, Your Majesty,” said General Fury. “Everything else, however, by the grace of God, is well.”
Tony gasped. There was a sharp pain emanating from his right foot. Tony crouched down, unable to walk further. “Mother of all fucks…”
“When can we see him?” asked Steve desperately. “Yeah Doc, lover boy here can’t wait.” Clint said with a snort.
General Alpha Sam Wilson, who had now recovered from the sheer shock at the stunt his Emperor just pulled,  made the introductions. “Your Majesty, the King Howard Stark of California, head of the Noble House of Stark awaits you.”
It was almost time for their departure. Rest of the servants came in and took the large chests filled with Tony’s stuff. The procession to the venue of the wedding was ready to leave at his father’s command. Tony, despite his pleas for being able to ride a horse, was forced to sit in a carriage, along with Pepper, that was to be carried by 4 men. Tony knew for a fact that his mother was crying all the way while his father was ecstatic. Obviously, in a few days he was getting rid of his biggest problem.
“Your Majesty,” Pepper sighed, taking in Tony’s dishevelled appearance and the tear tracks on his cheeks. “Oh Tony, I am so sorry! Come here,” she said, offering him one of her magical hugs. Tony practically melted into her arms.
"Look Rogers I am not sorry for what I did. This conversation is pointless because if during the next mission I see an easy way out, I am going to take it, your orders and plans be dammned." After this he made a quick attempt to side step Steve and make an exit.
“Your Majesty?” he heard Agatha’s voice break through his haze of anger. Steve turned a questioning glance towards the woman he called aunt Agatha.
“How do I put up with you and your sass? You better not do this to your new teacher.” As the Prince’s best friend he had been given the duty to break the news of Tony needing start his omega grooming with the queen.
Tony smiled back at his Alpha, his inner Omega beaming with pride and joy.
“Come on what Barton!” Tony suddenly snapped. It was his breaking point. “Talk to him and tell him what?! That I can’t live without him?! That the two years that we spent fighting were the worst years of my life including the time I spent in Afghanistan, which is really saying something. Tell him that come Steve let me trust you again with my heart so that you can push me back once again and shatter it completely?! That is what you want me to tell him?”
“The Queen,” Rhodey said, depositing his sword in its sheath. Tony followed suit. “Now like a good student, you must learn the ways of married life in a court from your mother.”
The Queen sat him down on the bed and sat facing him. “We could send a servant in your place to marry him,” she said. “He’s never seen you. And you will wear a veil with heavy ornamentation during the ceremony to cover your face, anyway. So, no one will know it wasn’t you, Tony.”
His eyes fell on the parchments spread across his lab along the instruments and materials he had collected from all throughout the city. His next plan was to lay out the drains of the main city in a way that would bring water directly to people’s homes. This way the Omegas’ in any house would not have to travel for miles with heavy utensils filled with water. Along with his vision and project he saw his dreams die in one flash.
Steve nodded, though he wasn’t sure if Tony was looking at him from under his veil. It was time for Steve to offer Tony his reassurances.
Steve looked at the beautifully detailed engravings on the sheath with a doubtful look. Nonetheless, he accepted the legacy being handed to him, the burden of it settling heavily in his chest.
“Our favorite Tin-Can is alive after all!” came in Clint’s voice and the spell broke as all the other Avengers entered the hospital room to check on their injured team mate. Tony looked away from Steve and smiled at the others. “I am not as weak as you think I am Hawk-ass” Tony said with a teasing smile. “Oh, he has retained his wit. Thank God. But seriously man you scared us. Please be careful next time or Steve will sure as hell rip someone or something apart.” Tony glanced briefly at Steve who simply blushed and looked down.
-------------------------------------------------------------------
Tony smirked as they started walking back towards the pavilion. “It comes with being a genius and all you know. And Pumpkin please stop calling me Prince, you know I hate it when you do that.”
Pierre broke out of the trance he was in. “This is the first time an Emperor Consort has graced our kitchen with their presence. Has our cooking displeased His Majesty? Is there something we can do for him? Are we in trouble? Please don’t tell the Emperor.” He said in a panicked voice. Tony noticed that he was even afraid to directly address Tony himself.
"This is the last straw Iron Man. No one cares about you or your childish tantrums. You will follow my orders or I will…."
“Cap let it go. I made a fucking judgment call which saved lives! I regret nothing!” It was time for him to yell back. Tony knew they would go back and forth for some time, leading up to one of them stomping off, followed by not looking at each other for at least a week. It was their usual dance.
The attendants were busy serving course after course of the Italian meal to the members of the Rogers court who seemed to enjoy the food greatly.
Clint huffed. “Me and love? Luck doesn’t favour me in romance, either. Tell me something. Have you ever fallen in love with someone?” he directed his question to Tony.
He would deal with the press and Pepper’s complaints later. For now, he had an evening to look forward to.
Tony took a deep breath and spoke when he was sure his voice wouldn’t waver. “As a child, I had no say in my betrothal to Tiberius. I had worked all these years to convince my heart of its fate and to accept that bastard until I couldn’t take his abuse any more. I thought I had left the life of abuse behind me and now, you ask me to marry a man… who is known for his heartless and cruel demeanour?”
Pepper held him in his arms as he cried and meanwhile his other servant Happy rubbed his back in soothing gestures. The two of them were shedding their own tears as well.
Even though my love is incomplete, I feel complete (because of you)
“Now Excuse me Your Majesty, I have some Court business to attend to before the Emperor’s arrival. Please feel free to reach out to me or my husband General Barnes in case you need anything.” She was married to Bucky?! Well they really were the perfect couple Tony thought in his head.
The main courtyard was a grand affair, set in the traditional Eastern style, meant to impress the people entering the fort. One could easily view the entire structure of the palace from the courtyard. It was also strategically made that way Tony realised. Tony’s entire party was now standing right in the middle of it. He could practically feel the hundreds of people, from courtiers to the palace staff, staring at him. Everyone wanted to see what the new Emperor Consort looked like.
His attendants placed the vessels containing the various dishes at the centre of the table.
He smirked and started walking back to his own quarters. It was almost time for the wedding.
“First you demand a ‘lab’ be built in the Rogers Fort and now you annex the Imperial Kitchen?” she said with suspicious eyes. “I understand everything…”
“And what would they be Prince Anthony?” he asked in firm voice. If the demands were completely unreasonable, he had to maintain his stature.
It was a hot day in Brooklyn and to the surprise of his courtiers and ministers and to Bucky’s absolute shock and horror, the Great Emperor was out to control an Elephant that had gone wild.
son. He still flinches at times when someone near him moves too quickly. This is the reason why he decided to take up sword fighting. You surely cannot dismiss that!!” Maria always knew that Howard was a heartless king, husband and father but dumping their son back into the hands of a potentially abusive Alpha, was too much even by his standards.
Hope flared in Tony’s chest. “What is it, Mamma?”
“My lord, please! My son would not be treated well there. You surely can understand what I feel as his mother. I understand the needs of the kingdom but this is nothing short of offering him up for sacrifice.” The anguish of a mother was clear in Maria’s eyes.
Meanwhile, Natasha ignored another one of Clint's attempts at making money and glanced at Tony. Jaw clenched, fists turning white, holding the chair for support, eyes almost drooping. Still the smug grin was in its place. He looked younger in his grey polo shirt and black jeans. His immaculate goatee adorning his face. However, the face looked far paler than its usual olive.
“The Emperor wasn’t clear on what he wanted us to do with this room, so we have kept it empty for you to decorate it as per your liking.” Natasha looked at him with curiosity. Tony was taken aback. The Emperor had not even reached his own fort since Tony has announced his wishes, but he had made sure that they were fulfilled. Tony was beyond grateful. Back at home he always had to hide this stuff from Howard.
Rhodey turned his head to the side and addressed the page boy while still facing Tony. “What is this? Did you have to interrupt us mid-fight?”
“Look at me Steve.” Steve felt a soft but firm hand on bearded jaw, trying to lift his face towards Natasha’s. “None of this is your fault. None of it. Tony is impulsive and he wants the best for us. What he did today on the mission was brave, well-intentioned but stupid and he is hurt as a result of that.” This had worried Steve the most. This was the whole reason behind his anger.
“You will have to accept my son, the Prince Anthony’s hand in marriage. And this marriage is the only way an alliance between Stark and the Rogers Empire can take place, Your Majesty.”
But the Emperor managed to bowl him over completely. Plus, he wasn’t expecting the Emperor to be the most beautiful Alpha Tony had ever laid his eyes on. Despite the screen dividing them, he had a clear view of the Alpha on the other side, while he was himself hidden. The Emperor was tall, that was the first thing Tony had noticed. The next thing was his eyes as blue as the sky and as clear as the day. He was built like the Greek Gods had crafted him themselves and his beard made his look of authority even more profound.
The nobles were stunned. They were not expecting the Emperor to defend the Emperor consort, that much was clear. “Ancient Dynamics that you talk about were uprooted the day we introduced the law of equal treatment and if I am not wrong I remember having both your seals on that document.” Steve would not tolerate such behaviour in his court, that much was clear.
“Do you not care about the team Tony? All I want is some cooperation on your part and no one would have to risk their life! We are a team Tony! A team! Do you realize what it means? It means we are here to help each other! For God’s sake if something happened to you today…”
“Your Majesty?” came Natasha’s voice as she entered Tony’s palace with a maiden in tow. After bowing to Tony with a sweeping gesture of her hand she spoke. “I bring good news. The Emperor has ordered a feast in your honour during this week’s royal dinner.” She said with a teasing smile which genuinely reached her eyes.
Janet giggled some more. “Don’t worry, Clinton. The ones who lose in this game are the ones who get lucky in love,” she said.
Anger and disappointment flashed in Steve’s baby blue eyes, turning them almost black. The king on the opposite side knew that the land in contention rightfully belonged in the Rogers’ empire and yet he refused to acknowledge it to remain in power. He had to get back what was rightfully his.
Steve dropped the sword, the consequences be damned. However, before the army, waiting below the cliff they were standing on could notice, the loyal General picked it up.
"Steve please…" Tony’s voice was barely above a whimper.
“Well to see if he does, maybe you have meet him again… at the Charity Night.” Pepper knew she had Tony.
“Let it out, my love,” Pepper said, stopping his hand from wiping at his tears. “Just let it all out.”
the Imperial Kitchen? I have every right to this Kitchen as The Emperor’s Omega.”
General Fury, General Barnes, General Wilson and others bowed their heads in respect for their Emperor as Steve walked over to the fallen king and offered him his hand to help him get up.
my sky looks for your earth, (that is, I'm sky, looking for you, earth.)
What happened next, Steve could not have even hoped for it in the best of his dreams. Suddenly his arms were full of a sobbing Tony, kissing his face all over.
Despite all this romance blossoming between them, he had not seen his Emperor for an entire day now and that was just…not right.
“What you say is right, Madam,” Arnim of the House of Zola, another of Steve’s Nobles stepped forward. “But, our question is, why has a ‘lab’ been built for an Omega nonetheless in the Fort? This is an insult to our ancient dynamics.”
“General Barnes?” Fury questioned, calling upon the second highest commander of the Rogers army, another Alpha and Steve’s childhood best friend.
Tony stood in the large Imperial kitchen, taking note of the various fruits, vegetables, spices and condiments available to him along with the large pots and pans. He had noticed Pierre, the Head Chef, staring at him as if Tony were a figment of his imagination.
Tony had lived in royal palaces all his life and the Starks were known for their grandeur. But, any royal palace that he saw paled in comparison to the Rogers Fort. High walls fortified the royal palaces. The outer façade of the walls were made of red sandstone while the inner walls were built with brick. He noticed the strategically placed watchtowers all along the walls and could see the nozzles of the cannons peeking out through the battlements on the walls. There were evenly spaced embrasures all along the walls which allowed the archers to shoot from under cover in the event of a siege. The huge metal doors were embedded with nails in order to prevent large animals like elephants from breaking in. The whole fort was a strategic and architectural master piece.
Agatha walked away, leaving Tony shaking and close to tears. He could not understand how someone who claimed to love the Emperor would not wish for him to have happy marriage with his Omega. His earlier fears of Agatha Harkness influencing the Emperor to send him away, returned. But, this time it was not the shame that made his knees go weak. It was thought of losing the Emperor’s respect and trust and may be a shot at a happy marriage.
Tony turned once more to the Emperor and saw him looking helplessly at him. Tony decided that should he be accused of trying to poison the Emperor’s food and be treated like any other cook, then he shall bear it with dignity. Steeling himself, he sat himself in front of the dishes and waited for Pepper, Wanda and Clint to serve him.
“Hey Cap! Wanna have coffee? With me?” Tony said as Steve was turning the door knob.
you are the solution for every shortcoming that I have.
Yet, here stood the King, offering the hand of his son in marriage to Steve .
On one side of the battle field stood Ross with his army that outnumbered Steve’s own two for one. While on the other side was Nick Fury, standing proxy for the young Emperor, with a small but extremely well trained Rogers army.
“Did you scare him so bad that he ran away to Long Island?” Pepper asked pulling him out of his thoughts.
“I am extremely grateful to you for granting me this audience and taking the time out to listen to me,” Tony said. “I have two conditions and I cannot wed you before these demands are met.” Steve was really curious now.
Steve tried to help him up but Tony pushed him away. “I don’t need your help. I don’t need anyone’s help.” Of course, he was no match for Captain America’s strength but that did not mean that he will not try.
“Your Highness, your highness Prince Anthony,” came the voice of a page boy and Rhodey’s concentration wavered as his eyes diverted to the boy who had now entered the courtyard. It was just a split second but that was all Tony needed to gain the upper hand. Tony drove the tip of his blade into Rhodey’s sword’s handle and Rhodey instinctively released his hold on his blade with a pained grunt.
The last thing Tony remembered was falling into strong arms and the word sweetheart. It was said with such underlying emotion that it was etched into his mind forever. He was confused. What the hell was happening? Had he managed to throw himself in an alternate dimension? This was his last thought as he succumbed to the pain medication and fell back to sleep.
The elephant had escaped to the training grounds and was followed by Steve, clad in only a cotton shirt and breeches. His cape was thrown wildly the minute he saw the elephant escape the stables. The stable boys, the staff of the palace and his guards could not even recover from the shock by the time Steve had his first confrontation.
“I came here to apologise to you for leaving you alone at the wedding venue. The matter in Long Island was urgent and unavoidable. Otherwise, I would have definitely come along with you.”
“Tony you need to understand that you could have died. The team cannot afford to lose you!” Steve stopped Tony with a hand to his forearm, who turned around to face him. Tony was almost a head shorter than the Captain but he was not at all intimidated by his looming presence,
-------------------------------------------------------------------
“I do not consider it a trouble but my good fortune,” Tony said honestly. It had been an absolute honour to cook for his Alpha.
“Well if you give me attitude like one and then pass out on me…you deserve the princess treatment.” Well Steve did have a point.
Did you like it?
“Start preparing for my departure. I will go there myself and ensure that the Great Emperor does not refuse.” These were his parting words as he dismissed Maria’s last try to convince him otherwise. That stupid boy will be his golden goose.
“Your Majesty,” Clint announced, “the menu today is Melanzane di Parmigiana, Risotto Alla Milanese, Chicken Lasagna, Spinach and Corn Ravioli along with cauliflower gnocchi.” The Emperor smiled. Tony had told him that his mother was actually Italian and he had experienced a lot of Italian culture growing up. These were the dishes that he had learnt to make from her when he first started his training in the kitchen.
-------------------------------------------------------------------
any other way to live and I will never stop loving you.)
The great beast’s moans and trumpets died down to rumbles as it submitted to Steve. He patted its head in a comforting gesture meant to assure it that it was in good hands and the beast quieted.
“Thank you Your Majesty. You and your people have been unbelievably kind to me. I think I would like it here.” Tony said with a playful smile. And it was blinding. Tony had the most beautiful smile Steve had ever seen. He should leave before he voiced his thoughts and embarrassed himself further.
“No General Fury,” Steve said. “He has already lost the battle. I refuse to attack a man who cannot even fight back. He is forgiven. I order you to let him go.” Upon hearing this, even the eyebrows of the fallen king rose to his hairline. He was shocked by the empathy the infamous cruel Emperor of the East was showing to him.
to live without you, O heart, is so difficult.
“Tony I will never leave you again. That was the worst mistake I have ever made. I plan to stay and if that takes working on our communication skills, I am game.
“Do not bother yourself with their words,” she said. “There is a limit to how high a frog can leap. And that is all this is – a frog trying to jump higher than it can. They just want other people to question your leadership at any cost.” Steve nodded, his rage subsiding a little at Aunt Agatha’s calming words.
“At least talk to him once Tones.” Barton too? Just when he thought that the ‘Civil-war’ was over.
“The Prince was afraid that you would stew peas in a pot and serve it to the Emperor,” Clint said only to be promptly scolded by Pepper.
“Don’t eat that!” Tony said.
“Your quarters are divided into 5 parts. This is your reception hall, Your Majesty,” Natasha said as they entered. The reception hall was extremely, spacious, may be the size of Tony’s entire bedroom at California, with various seating arrangements and a gilded cage at its centre.
“Do you accept?” the Prince asked tentatively.
Rhodey aimed another blow at Tony but this time Tony was ready. He hit Rhodey’s elbow with his hand pushing him away. He needed to gain his footing before he could make any offensive strike. But, Rhodey used the momentum to drive his sword into the ground at Tony’s feet. The sword hit the asphalt in the spot where Tony’s foot had been just moments ago.
"Are you fucking stupid Stark?"
“Very well then Good Night Anthony.” Steve said with a nervous shuffle of his feet.
After his brief conversation with Natasha, the doctor had come in and did the regular checkups. Well as well as a Shield trained baboon could do anyway. Just as he was done, Tony heard heavy footsteps approaching, running rather and suddenly Steve Rogers burst through the door of his room, recently showered going by the smell of vanilla that filled the room, yet disheveled like he had not rested for a single moment. His eyes were filled with tears of relief. The emotion so strongly visible that Tony’s words froze in his mouth. It was just 30 seconds of them gazing into each other’s eyes as if in a trance.
(See the end of the chapter for
The first thing Tony became aware of was something prickling at his bruised wrist and a presence on his left. Later came the pain of what probably were stitches in his abdomen. Stitches he understood. He was expecting something like that. The presence and the prickling he didn’t. He looked to his left slowly, still feeling the affects of the strong medication he was put on. Steve Rogers. Captain America who hated Tony was sleeping on what felt and appeared to be their clasped hands.
Well it was safe to say that Tony was not expecting that. He had almost fallen from sheer shock as the Emperor had addressed the people outside the room. If not for Pepper Tony would surely have fallen to the ground and broken something.
Tony had never seen the Emperor without his robe on. And though he looked fit and strong in the heavily embellished garments, it was nothing compared to what he looked without them. Sweat formed in rivulets and ran down his spine, disappearing into the linen. Tony had not seen anything so beautiful.
“Clinton!”
Who was Rhodey? Steve knew Miss Potts was the Omega who had accompanied Tony from California and Happy was Tony’s servant who had given Bucky the message about Tony’s demands. But Rhodey, he had never heard of him. Was he another Alpha that Tony liked? God he hoped not. Enough about Rhodey, Steve decided to make his presence known. Steve realised that this also might be the first time he would get to see Tony’s face.
“Clint, I told you Tony doesn’t like teasing. Let him be. He is in love.” Added Pepper in a playful voice. Tony quickly sent a prayer to the heaven thanking them for the fact that other members of his Omega party were not here. It would have been so embarrassing.
Steve trailed off as he remembered childhood memories of blood and battle. “All these years I have wondered,” he continued. “Why haven’t our forefathers been able to conquer all of America? Until now, I have been thinking of ways to fulfil this duty that was asked of me by my ancestors. The goal was clear but, the path wasn’t.” He said the last part to himself, thinking of the days and nights he spent bent over the map of the American land, devising strategies and diplomatic policies.
The first thing he saw was Sam and General Fury, who had now retired as one of his most trusted ministers, walking towards him. He got up and met them halfway through.
this soul that is mine, and this body that is mine,
"You idiots need to be careful. Specially you Stark. You are of no use to me if you are dead. Am I clear?" Fury's words broke her line of thought. This was a clear dismissal which means that the mandatory Steve vs Tony argument was about to happen.
As he walked away from Tony’s quarters, the cool wind caressed his skin. But, he could still feel the warmth in his fingertips where he touched Tony. Steve imagined Tony singing for him someday with the chatter that followed. His heart fluttered in his chest and his blood sang in his veins. Yet, Steve felt tranquil and happy.
“What do you think I have been doing in the palace all these years?” Clint said. “I utilize my leisure periods to unite hopeless couples in love. Oh, the romance…and sometimes even find love for myself” he said with a wink.
Enough was enough. This palace had to understand that royalty were just people too. He could very well desire to cook for his Alpha like any other Omega would. “Calm yourself Sir Pierre, prepare the ingredients and I would need a heavier pot…” Tony said. He would not leave any stoned unturned for his husband today.
Tears filled the Queens eyes as she nodded. Tony suspected that she knew her plan wouldn’t work but she needed to hear it anyway. He understood that how dominating his father was. For years, Tony had blamed his mother for not taking a stand for him but now Tony knew how helpless she was. Maybe she was hoping Tony would just take the chance? He realized that the woman sitting before him was his mother and not the Queen of California or for that matter Howard’s wife.
“It is a little salty.” Tony said timidly.
Sarah put a hand on his head and then grabbed his shoulders to raised him up. She smiled affectionately at him, her eyes radiating maternal love and warmth. She then tucked one of his wayward curls behind his ear.
“Unfortunately Nick your loyalty cannot excuse your cruelty.” Steve’s voice was calm yet it was firm. It was like ice. “I have worshiped the ground you walked on Nick for my entire youth. I have seen you win battles on my behalf and behead helpless men countless number of times. This is the first time I have stopped your sword mid-strike. Do you realize why?” Steve questioned.
Currently, Pepper, Clint, Wanda, Helen, Janet and Tony were playing an age-old game of Pacheessi in Tony’s quarters. Well Tony was barely playing, rather he was lost in the thoughts of the Emperor.
Well congratulations! He was the first person to prove the mighty Black Widow wrong. This was all a mistake. Tony was done.
if you want to remain unaware of it, so be it.
Tony knew he could not back down now. His interest in the Emperor was as clear as day but that did not mean that he would make the first move. Tony himself was no ordinary Omega. He very well knew how to bring an Alpha to his knees.
This is why he wouldn’t miss the Stark Charity night for the world. It was his last chance.
This time Rhodey did laugh and looked at Tony with unconcealed pride in his eyes as they made their way towards the armoury. “I must admit that you are a very quick learner my Prince,” Rhodey said. It had only been 6 months since Prince Anthony, all 20 summers of age had started training under Colonel Alpha Rhodes and today he had defeated his mentor himself at swordplay.
“Your Majesty, a few people in the village of Queens have started protesting against the royal crown due to your marriage with the Western Prince.” Said Brock Rumlow, his minister of land acquisition. Brock was a cold and calculating man. Steve never had much liking for him but even he couldn’t deny that Brock was a gifted fighter and an even better strategist. Steve had needed somebody exactly like him for matters like land acquisition.
“When I cook, I will not be the Emperor Consort,” Tony said. “I will just be an Omega to my Alpha.” Tony explained as if that much should have been obvious.
As he entered the sleeping area, he noticed the assortment of coffee from various parts of the Empire, placed in a bowl by Tony’s bedside and smiled. His Omega had a weakness for coffee. He would make sure that the fort never runs out of any kind of coffee bean that Tony might fancy.
Tony was shocked. He desperately needed some semblance of a connection with his home and the life he was leaving behind but he could not let Pepper do this. He had heard how the East treated their Omegas. They would force Pepper to live in Harem, may be let other alphas take advantage of her or treat her like a mere slave. He could not let that happen.
“Are you sure about this Steve? I didn’t even know you could sing.”
“Oh, don’t worry I sent lover boy to take a shower. He was starting to smell worse than the gutter that time in Chicago. I hope you don’t mind” she finished with a smirk. “Why would I mind?” Tony scoffed defensively. “Oh, you know why Stark! No point in hiding it now. At least not from me.”
“Pep I know. I want to forgive him, but after what has happened, he has to take the first step. I did my part by making the government pardon him and his rogues. If there is anything there, he has to be the first one to take a step ahead.”
“I will cook the meals for the feast,” Tony announced easily.
“Huh?” Clint and even Natasha looked at him as if he had told them that the sun rises in the west while Pepper gave him an understanding look.
No fucking way. Steve never sang in front of anybody but him. What the hell was this about? Tony had to stay and find out. He looked questioningly at Clint and Natasha who were both clearly as confused as he was. They knew nothing about this.
“Please, do not misunderstand,” Steve was quick to say. He was not questioning the Omega’s health or virtue at all.
General Fury then moved to the edge of the cliff and addressed the army. “Brave soldiers of the Rogers army! Like his ancestors before him, the Emperor has proved himself to be a true Emperor.” He held the bloodied sword high in the air for the men to see. “May the Gods bless the young Emperor Steven Grant with a glorious future!” The army below echoed his cries and shouted their support for the Emperor.
“Have all the preparations been made Nick?” Steve said as he brought his trusted stead Dodger to halt beside his mentor. The battle was about to start. As upset as Steve was over the innocent lives that would be lost, it was his duty to fulfil the dream his father had once seen.
Steve could only smile and agree.
It was true that Tony had not felt this way about any one before. Not even Ty. The mere thought of comparing the Emperor to Ty made him uncomfortable. Ty had taken his liberties with Tony since day one because he knew that they were bound together by their respective families. And the Emperor on the other hand had been nothing but respectful and considerate. And so so gentle and so so handsome.
It was two days after Tony came back to the tower that an opportunity to talk to Steve alone, presented itself. It was late in the night, like 3 am late, and Tony who was finally off his wheel chair, strolled into the kitchen looking for coffee. He saw Steve sitting at the kitchen table trying to read something. He was wearing a blue button-down shirt with black jeans, not exactly ready for bed.
“No, in my honour,” Clint said in all seriousness. Tony rolled his eyes at him and smiled.
Of course giving an Omega from the East tools and room to experiment would raise eyebrows in Brooklyn. But, Steve was the Emperor and could do as he pleased. And after seeing Prince Anthony demonstrate such courage and dignity, Steve was bowled over. He had the insane urge to satisfy any demands that the Prince may have.
“Steve I’m serious. Let me go.” Tony’s voice was barely above a whisper.
Thor shook Banner awake and half dragged and half carried him back to their shared temporary room on the helicarrier.
Tony gaped at Agatha in shock, his heart beating fast in his chest. He did not think anyone except the Emperor knew that their marriage hasn’t been consummated. He could not believe what was happening.
The Betas and Omegas around her muttered “May it be, may it be.”
Of course, Tony was not able to make it very far from the exit of the hall. He had collapsed on his knees right after a few steps and was still able to hear Steve’s sweet voice through the walls.
“Welcome to the Brooklyn Fort, Emperor Consort,” she said. For a moment, Tony wondered if she was addressing someone else before he remembered that he was now the consort of the Emperor of the East. “My name is Natasha,” she continued. Deadly yes, but her eyes conveyed a very sisterly warmth. Tony was not at all uncomfortable in her presence.
Moreover, he wasn’t someone who could be ordered around. If this was how arrogant and fickle minded Tony was now, how would he behave after their wedding? With these thoughts running through his mind, he decided to give the Prince a chance. He understood the difficult history Tony had and no matter how hurt his pride was, the least Steve could give him was a chance to be heard. He always did the right thing. He stepped out of the court, with his guards and all, cape swishing left and right with his huge tense steps, heading towards the quarters of the wedding party.
HEY GUYS!
“In private…”
“Matters of security must be respected by His Majesty,” she said sounding smug. “Even the Emperor himself cannot object to this and that is the law.”
Then the Empress led him away, towards the entrance into the palace, sensing the tension.
Suddenly his left hand was captive in Steve’s and the next thing Tony knew was that he was being swept off his feet in a bridal carry. He could do nothing but grab onto Steve’s neck for support.
His volume dropped further. “Darling you have no idea how beautiful you are and how much I care about you.” Steve standing so close to Tony that he could feel him breathing.
Steve and Tony sat directly opposite each other at the conference table. Steve was seething with anger meanwhile, Tony appeared tired and done for the day. This seemed to make Rogers angrier. Everyone in the room was sure that as soon as the meeting was over, Steve will flip on what Tony had done during the mission and Tony being Tony, will just manage to piss him off more.
Steve on the other hand could not comprehend the army roaring praises for him for beheading a defenceless man. However, any protest he could have shouted died in his throat as General Fury gave a look of deep disappointment. He would never here the end of this.
“This is all my fault Nat. I was so mad at him that I never bothered to ask if he was okay after taking the hit during the mission. I grabbed him harshly as he was trying to escape from the conversation. The bruise on his wrist is my fault. He kept whimpering, practically begged me to let go of him but I just ignored it in my anger. The next thing I know is that he is limp in my arms and blood is oozing out of his mouth.” He took a deep breath. It was difficult for him to continue. “I just carried him to medical and -…” his gaze was focused on his shoes. He could not dare to look at Natasha. Not after what he had done.
Tony frowned. “New teacher? And who would that be?”
Next time Tony woke up, he was feeling much better. The pain in his abdomen was persistent, but had reduced to a dull ache. There was no presence on his left side anymore. As he opened his eyes further and looked around, he saw Natasha standing near the door. “Wakey Wakey eggs and bakey Stark. About damn time you woke up” she said with a small grin. Tony gave her a short, pained smile, his gaze constantly searching for the one man he wanted to see. “Looking for someone?” Natasha said with an amused look.
“Silence, Brock,” roared Sam. “This isn’t the time to discuss family matters. That, we shall do in private.”
Tony was done. Cap can take his fake concern and shove it up his righteous ass. “So, what Cap?! Don’t worry Stark Industries will not stop funding the Avengers if I die. You guys are sorted. I made sure of that. Now you can stop with your fake concern and leave me the fuck alone!”
“Pardon me, Your Majesty,” General Fury said, not sounding even a little bit apologetic. “But, being a loyal servant, I will only do the right thing to preserve the honour of the Rogers’ Empire.” With a cry, the General raised his sword to be brought down on the King but Steve blocked his attack with his own sword, mid strike and pushed him away, putting himself between the angry General and the fallen king.
“You have no idea how much I care about you. How much I think about you. Every time you smile at someone else, I feel I lost another opportunity to make you smile.” These words were spoken barely above a whisper.
Natasha and Tony had become close lately. She had even started training him in knife combat. She was way more dangerous than she looked. Tony and the bruises on his body could vouch for that.
Steve gave a pleased smile. This was something he was expecting.
Steve considered the man being presented to him. Thaddeus Ross had lost an eye and the rest of his face was covered in bruises and blood. The prisoner clutched his arm to his chest and Steve noticed the swelling in it. The man was wheezing and struggling to catch a proper breath. If it weren’t for Steve’s soldiers holding him up, Ross would have fallen to the ground ages ago.
Natasha and Clint led their small parade, speaking amongst themselves in that spy sort of way. Bruce was following them quietly, with his shy shuffling. Thor on the other hand, as loud and boisterous as ever, was trying to catchup with Bruce as he stopped often for an autograph or a photo with a fan.
This was his chance.
As Tony walked two steps ahead of him, Steve grabbed the brunette by his wrist and twisted it at the small of his back, pulling him close to his own broad chest. Close enough to feel Tony's breath on his neck.
"Rogers…."
The Emperor then swivelled the metal effortlessly through the air as if it weighed nothing and Tony found his breath quickening and heartbeat increasing. His Omega nature was acting up. Seeing his Alpha in this state, made his body react naturally. Tony bit his lip so hard to stop himself from groaning that he drew blood. Barely. Tony didn’t realize his eyes had slipped close until he opened them.
His words were very shocking for Tony. He finally saw Tony’s head suddenly move to look up towards him. His eyes and face were still hidden behind the veil. Steve though that may be Tony wasn’t expecting an Omega to have such rights in the East. He knew for fact that the West was very backward in these terms.
The wooing game had just begun.
Tony woke up when his maids drew the curtains back, letting the sunlight into the room through the large double doors that lead to a huge balcony. He had not even realised when he had passed out on the bed last night. To be honest he still couldn’t believe how last night had went.
Just then Tony looked at him and winked.
It had been three days since the rogue Avengers had come back to the American soil and to the compound and out of those 72 hours, Steve had spent at least 40 in press conferences. They were necessary yes, but that did not mean that Steve had to like them. Neither did it mean that he had to attend them with full concentration, which was anyways impossible for him.
“Your Majesty, we have had all the vessels cleansed according to your instructions,” the other Chef, one by the name of Franc, said.
The Emperor turned shocked eyes towards Tony and Tony smiled. He then turned to his Head Chef. “But, Pierre, this feast was to be held in the honour of the Emperor Consort.” Steve could not believe it. This was the first time a royal had to cook their own meal.
“You will be wedded soon, Tones,” he continued, at Tony’s confused frown.
It's so difficult to live without you, O my heart.)
There is a brief apprehension of Non/con here so please be careful while reading.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Pep…I have a date…with Captain America.”
“Your Majesty, it’s me.” It was Pepper, one of his most trusted Omegas in waiting.
Ignoring the helpless look Howard gave him, Steve walked into the prince’s room. The door was shut behind him. He was surprised to find a veil, dividing the space in two, hiding his betrothed from him. Steve had never seen Prince Anthony but from his silhouette, he could deduce that Tony had a lithe form. He was short – at least about a head shorter than Steve himself. Steve’s immediate thought was how perfectly they would fit together. Steve wanted to push back the threadbare curtains and see the prince’s face. He wondered if he would find Tony’s face as interesting as his silhouette. He had no idea where that thought had come from but he quickly pushed it aside to focus on the conversation that was about to happen.
“Clint - …” Natasha tried to calm him down. “No Nat. He was so pissed at Tony before we left the room and now Tony is lying in a fucking hospital bed. Maria told me she saw a bruise around his wrist and blood dripping from his mouth. What do you think fucking happened!” Clint lunged at Steve as if to punch him but he was caught by a strong muscled hand.
The court burst into laughter. The hints of the previous tension, now gone completely.
The King hesitated but Steve knew that this hesitation was not out of shame from asking for something. King Howard was clearly intimidated by him. That put a pleased smile on Steve’s face. He had tried hard enough to make himself known and respected amongst other kings.
“Just one sign. Any sign from the heavens above and I am sure I would be able to recognise and follow my gut feeling. Rest in peace and power my Liege. Amen.” And Steve opened his eyes.
“I wouldn’t miss it for the world. Next.”
“Your voice is beautiful,” were the next words out of Steve’s mouth.
24 hours later, they had already landed in New York and now Tony was being moved back to the Tower. Steve had not come to see him for the rest of his stay at Shield medical and saying that Tony was disappointed, was an understatement. He was really looking forward to confronting Steve as soon as possible. He could not live with this feeling of confusion any longer. If only he could get an opportunity.
Though Steve remained silent, Prince Anthony had gained his respect in a flash. He was concerned about people who he was supposed to treat as below him. He was not only concerned, he had risked immense abuse from both his father and his new alpha just to ensure that his people would be living comfortable in their new home. Steve had made his decision.
“Tony…” it came out as a shocked whisper. He cleared his throat and tried again.
“And you know once Pepper found out it was me singing, she went and told Happy. They would often just sit there and listen to me. Rhodey was not vey happy when he found out that I had kept this from him.”
“You do know what this means, right, Tones?” Pepper said. When Tony turned understanding eyes on her, the others appeared even more confused. She rolled her eyes and elaborated. “He is trying to woo Tony,” she said as if it should have been obvious to all. Perhaps it should have been with all that had been happening lately.
Steve turned around and walked out of the room without a word, leaving the door behind him open, making sure that when he spoke, his Omega would hear him. Standing in front of the crowd of courtiers from both courts, Steve spoke.
“It pains me to ask this of you,” the Queen said. “If not for your father, please do this for our people, Tony. For the Kingdom of California, you will have to sacrifice your happiness.”
-------------------------------------------------------------------
Forcing his thoughts back to the present, Steve glanced at Tony’s pale face.
The Noble had not finished but he stopped abruptly when a beautiful, soft voice came wafting through the air. The court fell silent as everyone looked around in search of the person to whom that voice belonged. But, Steve recognized it instantly. He had heard the voice only a handful of times but, the clear Western accent had been permanently etched into his brain.
Tony picked up the parchment in his hands and ran the words over and over in his head. “No, I cannot send this letter,” The wave of sheer panic and desperation had settled. “Rhodey is deployed to the borders. He already has enough to worry about. I cannot possibly ask him to go against the King he has sworn allegiance to. It would be an act of treason.” Tony sighed in frustration and ran a hand through his hair again.
That is when the other Omegas noticed that their Emperor was in the room now. As they quickly bowed down with a sweeping gesture of their hands, he signalled them to remain quite. He knew that if Tony realised Steve was in the room with him he would immediately crawl back into his shell. He knew he was being selfish but he just wanted to hear Tony chatter freely even if for a few more minutes. The other Omegas mean while exited the room without showing their backs to the Emperor as was rule.
Hey guys so there is this amazing artist petite_madame on Instagram who made an emperor steve art.
King Howard was standing outside the Prince’s room, looking terrified.
“You cheated Tones! You have made that sword yourself. How do I know you have not put anything in there to make you win?” Rhodey had to investigate further.
“He looks worse than dead, Nick. How can I strike a man incapable of fighting back?”
“Why would you take the trouble to do so?” the Emperor asked his voice softer now, his eyes shining with admiration.
All eyes turned on him as he burst through the doors of the medical room. “He needs a Doctor. Now.” And suddenly Tony was being pried away from his arms. A loss he could not cope with at the moment. He followed the doctors till he could and then chose to slide down against the wall of the room they had taken Tony in. All of the sounds around him were a mere blur. The wave of guilt and worry hitting him hard once again. He buried his head in his hands. How could he let this happen? How did he not notice Tony was hurt? All he did was bruise his wrist further and spat out words he could not take back.
They both moaned out at the incredible sensation, every nerve ending felt alight with fire. Steve felt like he was going to burst, intense heat and tightness surrounded him.
“He is currently working out in the gym, although based on his routine I would say he’s close to finished.” The AI supplied.
“Hey he’s very busy and he does a lot for all of us.” Interjected Bruce.
“Aye, it takes a strong person. That is why you are perfect for the job.” He said smiling.
As Tony scooped rather generous amounts of ice cream in a bowl he thought back on what had happened. He was in the workshop when he finally decided to listen to Jarvis and succumb to sleep. However, there was a reason he avoided it, he had a horrible nightmare about the team dying and then Howard had showed up and told him what a failure he was, how he was still a murder. Then he woke up screaming which resulted in an anxiety attack…
Once the laughter died down Steve offered to make them both dinner. That’s how Steve and Tony ended up eating delicious spaghetti. After that ended up sat together on the comfy couch watching some comedy movie.
He took in deep breaths and then whispered out, “I still hope you find me Steve… I love you… please come find me, I know you can.”
“Okay Thor, don’t worry we will fix it,” Bruce said, “Place him on the table here please.”
The sensation of Tony tightening around Steve caused him to cry out in pleasure. Then moments later he felt his own orgasm coming.
“Captain Rogers,” Jarvis cut in, “I’m afraid Dr Banner is requesting your immediate assistance.”
“It’s okay Steve, I agree, besides I’m clean anyways. I want this.” Tony said resolutely and filled with love.
This is how he currently found himself, both hands holding Tony’s while sitting on a chair at his side.
“Oh shut up.” Tony said, turning away, “It’s different coming from you.” He said seriously.
“Now, now Mr. Stark.” Donald from the gala said, “That kind of talk will get you nowhere here.” He smiled.
“Stop that, it tickles.” Tony tried to pull away.
He snapped back to reality when he heard Pepper announce that the meeting was over. He quickly got up, not wanting to wait a second longer to see Steve, but Pepper stopped him before he could.
A few days later Tony and Steve were in the common room. Steve was fully healed and now Tony wanted to make him watch his favorite show.
Thor nodded and handed him a very fancy looking shield.
“I may or may not hack into shield databases when Sir’s name is mentioned.” Jarvis said slyly.
“I’m fine Steve, really.” Tony tried to deny.
“What is it Tone?”
Tony sat there completely in shock. He couldn’t believe what Steve had said, much less form an articulate reply… “I… um….” he looked down and rubbed the back of his neck, he knew he owed Steve a thanks. He wasn’t expecting such upfront honesty and he definitely didn’t think that’s what Steve and the others actually thought. He quickly swallowed down any emotion that he may-he definitely wasn’t feeling.
“Are you guys baking a cake?” Asked Bruce, amused.
Something had changed with the team after the Gala movie night, it was as if a damn had been broken causing all of the Avengers to want to hangout much more than before. They were the only few people to know what it was like to be superheroes and after Steve’s speech, not only did they want to support one another, but they saw the importance of it.
“You don’t have to say anything, Tony.” Steve said, rubbing his hand.
“Yeah yeah, ‘earth's mightiest’ heroes and all that. We just need you to show up and look pretty.” replied Tony, trying to get to the point.
They removed the chains from Tony’s wrists and ankles and brought him to a metal chair that was bolted to the floor. They cuffed his hands to the arms of the chair and his feet to the legs. As they did that Tony took stock of his surroundings, definitely a warehouse with… a lot of tools. He tried to suppress a shudder.
He hears Sam grunt again, but is pretty sure it this time, it isn't because he's stretching, but Steve still waits for him to start talking.
From Toni, delivered at 1:51: wow, i haven’t even known you for a whole day and i’m already learning so much
From fave beefcake, delivered at 10:50: Well, there’s that, and there’s one from the Cosmopolitan and Flaunt magazines
He actually was on the hunt for them when he sees that stunning mystery woman.
She bats her eyes and lets out a long sigh. “Unfortunately, I don’t drink. But we can still talk, if you want to, although I do know a few places quieter than here.”
“First of all, I need to know where it’s situated exactly. ‘Cause it might be not far from here, but one time, a flock of fans and paparazzi swarmed me after I walked approximately 4 meters in the street.”
Rhodey pats Toni’s back, accompanied by an attempt to massage her shoulders. “Do you want me to carry you to the couch?”
“Okay, stop changing subjects and go take a shower,” Pepper chimes in, as she’s thrusting Toni into the elevator. “I will be waiting for you in your bedroom in 10 minutes if you don’t show up in my office, so don’t stall. We have a lot of business to look over and you, miss Stark, have papers to sign.”
Toni could be talking about what she ate for breakfast and he’d be somehow captivated. Or, better: she could be talking about how gas turbines used in fighter jets worked and he’d still be hooked at her words. Maybe it’s her extremely pleasant voice, maybe it’s her relentless gape; her eyes almost never stray from Steve’s, whether she’s the one talking or the one listening.
She beams at him, and he returns the attention. Always the gentleman, Steve gets up from his seat the second he sees his date.
They are familiar with each other to the point that Steve occasionally suspects they’re in a polygamy relationship, but that thought is erased when he recalls that ah, right, Clint is married to Laura Barton and has three kids.
Toni hears the elevator shift, followed by the sound of footsteps that she identifies to be her friend’s.
From Toni, delivered at 1:23: yeah, no problem. 7 it is
“The highest floor, that of the penthouse, is fully unreachable from all the workers, of course.”
“Has she eaten yet?”
“No no, I’m talking about you claiming I’ve been texting him.”
To fave beefcake, delivered at 10:50: can you send me a picture of my cosmo and flaunt covers?
To Toni, delivered at 1:10: It’s alright. Hygiene is important
“Listen up, people!” interrupts a man with a mic in hand. Steve identifies the British-accented voice to be Charles Xavier, one of the two hosts. He turns towards the stage and yep: there’s the guy sitting in his wheelchair. “I have the immense pleasure to announce you that the long-awaited karaoke stage is finally open! Let the real party begin! We’ll start with mister Peter Parker’s new hot single, “I Don’t Wanna Go”, which will be sung by him in duo with miss Shuri!”
“What is?” Steve asks with a satisfied smile.
He answers with ‘Roger that’ to Bucky’s text and starts to type out a reply for Natasha, but Toni comes back before he finishes. He closes his phone and tucks it back into his pocket.
Steve can't believe Sam made his mind race with concern over
“I guess so.” Steve raises his hands to his hips and his mouth turns upwards. “I wasn’t planning on doing that, though, so I’ll return to my house first to pick up a few items. I need a change of clothes anyway. Oh, and I won’t be back before 7, Sam and I are going out for a hotdog.”
“It’s good, but it doesn’t beat the wings.” To further prove his point, he eats another one of those. “And I’m pretty sure that poutine could give me diabetes. I can practically see the cholesterol leaking out of the sauce.” Toni tries to suppress a laugh at his observation.
“Your hair looks so messy after wearing that. I kinda left your jacket where it was, in the penthouse, by the way.”
“Well, what’s your explanation?” she retorts, propping herself onto the surface of the shiny kitchen island, her figure towering Steve from above.
“My motto in life is YOLO, so I don’t mind. I follow it like Christians follow the Bible.”
“Thank you SO much for your time,” exclaims the stranger with the red jumper.
To Toni, delivered at 0:34: Wow. Can’t believe YOU two know each other, either
“Are you done yet?” she calls out two minutes later.
Toni suddenly gets up from her seat and stretches her arms while scrunching her eyes. Steve simply can’t help but look fondly at her.
Clint, who sat down on one of the two rotating bar stools to devour the sugary dessert, still clutching his coffee in one hand, spins around and squints at Steve. “I bet you were cuddling while watching some scary movie. And eating delivered pizza.”
She shushes him softly and Steve feels a kiss being smooched on his chin.
Steve rolls his eyes at that comment, despite himself.
“I'm sorry but can I have one last hug please?” begs the stranger with the black skirt.
Tony removes her hand from the elevator doors, which she has been holding to keep them from shutting for a good while.
“Wow,” he declares after the first bite. “I thought you were deliberately exaggerating your reaction. It kinda tastes the same as real meat.” He finishes it within the second bite and adds, “Okay, I have decided to convert to veganism now.”
The images Steve sent her are shaky, but it's barely distinguishable. The first one shows Toni in a black high-waisted bikini. Her eyeshadow is almost just as dark, however, her high heels are of a buzzing pink that matches the shade of her lipstick. She had her locks dyed brown in that time and its curls fell right above her shoulders. She's posing with a toothy smile, her index partly covering her mouth.
“Nah, wasn't to erase the image of my father, if that's what you're asking.” She pauses. “I saw people getting killed, but not just anyone. They were people who I designed the weapons to protect, you know? They were innocent citizens and innocent soldiers.”
Steve immediately shoots her an aghast face. He blinks. “What do you mean, ‘still’? Did you--? What?”
Steve stares at her in astonishment. Toni chuckles and feels her face colour from the genuineness of Steve’s admiration.
He remembers how happy and shocked he was from being just
He still can’t believe how he found someone who he just gets along with so well. He feels as if they’ve known each other their whole life, and sure as heck already cherishes her as if that was true, which is a feeling he didn’t think was possible within 5 hours of knowing someone. For the gazillionth time today, he gets overcome with the impulse of wanting to kiss the adorable, genius of a human being in front of him.
“Ah, don’t remind me of Strange. He almost never replied because of his job. I don't even remember how we met in the first place.”
Steve steps inside gingerly. Toni walks to the table and squirts out what Steve assumes is some disinfectant gel from an opaque soap bottle.
Steve raises an eyebrow. “My eyes aren't greenish-blue, they're blue.”
Emma, who had been sipping her martini, finishes it at last and taps on her friend’s shoulder. “I am so sorry, Toni, but I just remembered that I haven't congratulated Erik yet.” She kisses both of her cheeks before pressing one smooch on Steve’s. “Thanks for the drink, and enjoy your talk” she emphasizes the last word while looking meaningfully at Antonia with a sly smile before skedaddling away.
To fave beefcake, delivered at 7:50: are you dead? did your movie producers already find out and murdered you?
Steve knew it was a date, because duh, but seeing Toni confirm it makes his heart skip a beat. He’s grinning from ear to ear.
To Natasha, delivered at 0:34: It’s not a “crush”, Natasha. We’re not 12
Toni’s eyes crinkle adorably when she laughs. “Ah, that used to be me.” She puckers her lips and messes with her hair using her fingers, even though it was already perfect. “I have been involved in some weeeird situations before. You don't even want to know. Unless you do want to?”
Noémie comes back with two glasses of lemonade, ice floating on top and a delicate slice of a lemon tucked over the round corner. Steve takes them from her tray, says ‘merci’ and puts one down in front of Toni. She looks at him with an incredulous expression that breaks into a huge grin. She opens her mouth like she’s about to say something, but then quietly seizes the drink and slurps.
They kiss for what feels like an eternity, but it's an eternity Steve wouldn't mind living through.
The next song played radiates a completely different vibe: it’s an alternative song full of energy. People are jumping around and moving fast. Steve feels like an oven had been turned on and is slowly raising the room’s temperature, bit by bit. Or perhaps it is just Toni’s proximity that is making him flushed?
From fave beefcake, delivered at 10:37: He shaves it after he reunites with his soulmate. Remember, the cute boy with the goatee?
Toni wakes up with a noisy yawn. She stays immobile for a brief time, savouring the warmth of her sheets. Her hand stretches to the bedside table and searches for her phone. She then remembers that she left it in one of the kitchens.
He takes a quick shower, his mind still puzzled. Steve tries to think of a reason why she would so randomly act like that, and comes up with a blank page.
The music is pounding into her ears and she feels the bass humming in her bones. Everyone is dancing and jumping with their arms in the air. In the center of the club, there’s a DJ who looks rather familiar to Toni. She’s pretty sure that he’s eastern-asian, even from how far away she is from him. At first, she thought he was a woman, because of the long black hair, but then she spotted the beard and the thick moustache.
His thoughts turn to the moment when they just arrived at the Tower. Steve remembers how his fingers itched to grab a pencil and a paper upon the sight of the outstandingly unique skyscraper. He wouldn't describe it as ‘beautiful’, but it still made his breath get caught up in his throat for no apparent reason.
“Hey Hawkeye.” It was a nickname Natasha came up with, given how impossibly sharp Clint’s eyesight is.
Toni chokes on a swig of liquid. Vivid memories from those shoots come back to her.
“You could say that it depends on the person.” Steve blushes ever so slightly and Toni is overcome by the urge to squish his adorable cheeks, or something.
She rolls out from under her beloved navy and white-striped Shelby car, her back against a car creeper. Toni reaches for her coffee mug with a tired arm and takes a long sip before getting up and grabbing her cellphone. Seeing that it’s a message from Steve, and not Pepper, she elects to not ignore it.
“Sorry.” They start walking in comfortable silence. Toni grabs and leans into Steve's arm, sniffing his good, mellow scent.
Natasha soon goes up as well, pursuing him, a clean but unfolded orange towel in her firm grip.
Steve does as she asks and takes another one out of the recyclable mint package. Instead of letting it drop on her open hand, he holds it in front of her mouth, intending on feeding it directly to her. Toni shoots him an amused look, but parts her lips.
To Toni, delivered at 1:17: Sure thing
From fave beefcake, delivered Thursday at 14:03: You were right. It is a follow-up for the spies movie
Toni steps aside while Steve and his enthusiastic fans force him into doing their shenanigans.
‘Yes, it is totally a crush’, he thinks internally.
Toni is now noticeably uncomfortable and grips either side of her waist with a opposite arm, hugging her stomach, holding herself. “I want us to be in a relationship, you dummy. Why do you think the date was for?” she declares in a soft voice.
“Do any of you know who’s the lady over there?” Steve ‘subtly’ points at Cherry Red Dress with his chin, and 3 heads turn. Steve cringes because he’s sure the designed person had spotted them.
Steve sees a transparent touch screen next to the glass door, but he doesn't have knowledge of the passcode, so he doesn't pay too much attention to it.
For a grown adult, none of these are very healthy or nourishing - except for the carrots, onion and peppers. Other than that, the kitchen seems a little bit too clean as well, even for someone who doesn’t necessarily eat 3 meals a day. It looks like it’s been barely used, really.
“Stark Tower, of course! It’s my baby. But I do love to sojourn in Malibu when it gets cold here.”
“Yes. The clubs hate men passionately,” she jokes back. “Sooo… It’s a yes?” she shows him her most charming look.
Steve’s mouth dropped.
“Someone once told me that the XMA and every other ‘voting’ award show never actually take in account the votes. Like, at all. They pretend they do so that the nominees create buzz by asking their fans to go to their websites. It's a marketing ploy.”
Natasha huffs and doesn't further comment on the topic. "Steve, do you remember when the filming starts for you-know-what?”
Steve knows that Toni wouldn’t mock or judge him even the slightest, but he still feels embarrassment when he reveals that he only did one year of art school for college and is basically just a highschool graduate. Toni shrugs it off and says that all of her education merits happened because her father had a lot of money. “College is already expensive, and you could literally buy a car with the yearly amount paid for the university I went to.”
“Do you like me?” Steve blurts out. He’s too emotionally drained to care if it’s too direct. He wants to know without a shadow of a doubt how Toni views him.
From Stane, delivered at 8:20: Hello, Toni. I’ve been contacted by a private military company a week ago about an offer that even my lawyers think is too good to be turned down. I’ve spent days dissecting the whole contract with them and they explained to me that their deal has the potential to up Stark Industries’ stock points by 2 dollars. Listen, I know how you feel about making weapons, but we’ve got to discuss this in person. Answer my calls.
Steve’s mind clicks into place and he realizes he’s utterly misconceived every one of Toni’s ‘refusals’. He snorts faintly at himself for being such an idiot, and, taken by a boost of confidence at his newly found knowledge, he steps into Toni’s space, eyeing down at her azure irises through her mascara coated eyelashes. “I did, two times. I thought you…” He pauses, a blush creeping up his neck. “I thought you were rejecting me. Turns out you just somehow didn’t realize I wanted to make out?”
“I pay close attention to the inclinations of people who I like and wanna please.” Steve takes a sip. Toni smirks and angles herself forward on her crossed forearms.
Her AI didn’t need to ask what she was asking about. “They are located on the first floor kitchen and on the seventh floor office.”
From fave beefcake, delivered at 7:44: Of course. I do like to work out in general, but now I’m doing extra times for an upcoming role
“Oh, no, I’m good. Thanks for the offer though. I guess I’ll see you next Friday, huh?”
To Toni, delivered at 0:46: That’s great. She seemed cool
To Toni, delivered at 0:25: Wait, are you sure we're talking about the same person? My Nat is a redhead who’s dating a guy named Bucky Barnes. She’s an actress but debuted her career not too long ago
“Antonia. But you can call me Toni. I actually prefer that name.”
From Toni, delivered at 17:46: wait you’re really going to come?
To honeybear!!!, delivered at 10:59: remember this phase?
To fave beefcake, delivered at 10:35: and i do want to know if your character keeps his beard
To Toni, delivered at 1:40: What’s wrong with this smiley? (: (:
He feels the elevator lower itself into the basement and slips out of it when the door slides open. Loud rock music is being played somewhere, though Steve can't see where, but it's loud enough that its bass makes the sandwiches shake lightly and the juice ripple.
To Toni, delivered at 0:22: You might even know her. Ever heard of a Natasha Romanov?
“James won’t mind because it’s not just anyone, it’s you two,” she smiles warmly. “And I won’t neither. I have to fly to Canada for an interview and a photoshoot tomorrow, anyways, which means I’ll be already gone early in the morning.”
To fave beefcake, delivered at 10:46: you should tell him to get in line
From Toni, delivered at 1:33: what about you?
“Okay okay. Yeah, I think I’ve seen her before,” Bucky starts, and then scratches his head, trying to remember something. “Oh yeah, she’s not really your traditional celebrity who got known thanks to the media, that’s probably why we don’t really know who she is. She’s a member of one of the richest families in the world. Forgot if it was the Rand family or maybe... the Von Doom one? I just know she’s one of the billionaires,” Bucky finishes, with a tone of incertitude.
such a technologically advanced phone, since it undoubtedly costed hundreds of hours to design and the same amount in dollars to produce. Not many people know it, but Steve is quite easily impressed by technology.
From Toni, delivered at 1:38: i could use the distraction for sure, but i might not have the time :( the board has been unusually avid for my attention and time lately
“Ooh, Stevie,” Bucky smirks at him. “Is this why you haven’t asked to leave yet? Finally found something… captivating?”
“Jesus Christ, since when is vegan meat so good?!”
But he doesn’t move, disloyal to his words, because Toni’s gaze isn’t leaving him. She approaches him almost shyly and says, “I’m sorry if what I texted you earlier left you uncomfortable. I didn't mean to. I’m just kind of an impulsive and weird person,” she tries with a smile.
To Toni, delivered at 17:23: Thanks for notifying me
From Toni, delivered at 1:42: who said im a responsible adult
“Mhmm. We can clarify the time and place through text messages.” She approaches Steve with a flirtatious smile. “Goodnight, Steve.”
“I have a better idea. Later, we could round up a few people and come back to my place. It’ll be like an after party, plus we have an excessive amount of booze that Nat doesn’t like.”
To Stane, delivered at 10:09: The medical program has the potential to increase the stocks by 3 dollars.
Toni wonders who Steve’s friend is, because those were issued 9 years ago. She doesn't regret posing half naked, of course. In fact, she isn't ashamed at all and would totally be down to do it fully in the nude if she was in the mood, but she desires to keep a more or less professional image of herself for her flourishing company and for Pepper’s sake.
“I think I really like you, Steve,” she continued softly. “But…”
“Byye,” Toni grins at him before stepping inside, Steve following her close behind.
From Toni, delivered at 1:51: can’t wait to see what more you could teach me in the future, darling
She has two fresh new glasses of lemonade in hand and a sweet smile on her face. “These are actually our unfinished glasses from before, but I got them refilled.”
From fave beefcake, delivered at 7:20: Morning sunshine
“So. Are you staying?” Toni leans back but her hands are gripping his t-shirt lightly.
“Oh my god oh my god oh my god. Are you… Oh my god.”
To No Caller ID, delivered at 0:20: Yes. How are you?
Steve keeps his smile but shifts back his eyes onto who he truly came here for.
“No, actually, it’s of my own designs,” she chuckles. “Unlock.”
Natasha lifts her arm up and drains the lukewarm coffee, before jumping down and guiding herself to the sink. She rinses the container two, three times, reckoning it a waste of energy to wash it assiduously with soap. “Do you want to stay for the night, Steve? One of you,” she glances back and forth between the two men, “could take the couch while the other sleeps in the guestroom. I’d suggest you do the latter, Clint, because we were too lazy to change the sheets since our last visitor, and you’re gross enough to not care.”
To beloved redhead <3, delivered at 7:51: ive read somewhere that repetition is a literary tool used to put emphasis
Steve was about to dig in with the soup first, but upon Toni’s reaction, he replaces his spoon for a piece of his spicy side dish.
There are at least ten containers with a different flavour each, which is more than extravagant, but so...
Toni presses a kiss on his chin. “Come one, I parked it this way. I'm driving.”
From Toni, delivered at 0:38: lol, rhodey would be insulted at being called mainstream (i agree tho)
To Toni, delivered at 1:49: No. The way you were dancing earlier, that specific act, was seductive (awfully so, even). But on the other hand, you don’t have to be actively doing something for me to still find you hot
“Funny, I see a divine creature right in front of me,” Toni comments with a flirtatious smile. Steve’s neck and cheeks burn up and he doesn’t reply to her remark.
Toni smacks her lips soundly, looking around. “Well, I didn't expect this, so… Do you wanna eat on one of my cars’ hood or do you wanna go up to find a decent table and place to sit?”
“No, it's an incredible gift! It’s going to be a nice replacement for my crappy iPhone,” he jokes. Seeing Toni's unsure expression, he adds, insistent: “Seriously, I love it. And I haven't even tried to open it yet.”
They get if off immediately. They talk about anything and everything for what feels like 20 minutes. Steve shares more personal anecdotes with her than he's ever shared with anyone in such a short span of time. They mutually make each other laugh to tears with their respective stories. He learns that Toni's not only an entrepreneur, but also a mind-blowingly brilliant mechanic. She has three doctorates and got her double Masters from university when she was sixteen. Sixteen.
It’s been months since she’s officially shut down the weapons manufacturing part of her industry, but Stane never let go and continually harasses her about how it was an ill-advised decision. His main point is always the same: they were the most profiting part of the whole business. Toni isn’t an idiot; she knows that weapons were what Stark Ind. built its ground on, but she isn’t greedy and immoral enough to continue something that led to unethical results.
She scruffs those thoughts away with her shower pouf and then starts to wonder who the fuck conceived that wacky name. Then she remembers that Rhodey calls them loofahs, which is so much worse, because the first time she heard somebody use that term, she googled it and came across images of some nasty cucumbers.
“I did a quiz for
Steve pulls her into a fierce hug before goodbyes are said.
Toni can’t help the way her mouth curls into a giant smile. Steve is too precious for his own good.
Steve lets out a little breathless laugh. Toni straightens up and takes a step closer to the blond man. “Do you want to find somewhere to sit down? I’ve been standing up for a while now, and these heels are killing me.”
From Toni, delivered at 0:22: so, what are you doing?
“En passant, votre amoureux est déjà arrivé,” she warns her with a wink.
“Well, you could give 12% of the credit to my used-to-be-secretary, now CEO. But yeah, I did.”
They’ve been texting for nearly a week now. In fact, Toni realizes that today’s Thursday, which means that tomorrow is their dinner date.
“Of course,” Steve replies firmly. “Here, let me just…”
He lifts his eyebrows, directing his gaze away from her and at what is in his hands, before bringing them back to Toni, so that she realizes he brought breakfast. She quickly opens the door and relieves him of the cookie jar and one of the glasses.
He almost instantly regret it and doesn’t wait for a reply, too embarrassed. Instead, he goes to his contacts, finds ‘Sam Wilson’ and taps on the green button. Steve gives Clint a quick warning, telling him he'll be right back, then his feet bring him to the the living room so he can have more privacy. He stands at the back of the room and he gazes at the city beneath him from the floor-to-ceiling windows. The phone is still ringing, and while he patiently waits, he takes his time to speculate about why it's taking so long for Nat and Buck to come back down.
“I'm cold and your hands are warm. Warm, and big, and they feel so good.” Toni’s eyes open half-mast, but Steve can nonetheless see how much her pupils are dilated.
To fave beefcake, delivered at 7:46: ill take that as a yes for both of my questions. youre not fooling anyone, my dear
While prepping the food, Steve reminisces yesterday night’s events. They fell asleep, cuddling, at almost 4 in the morning, after a night of talking, watching movies and eating delivered pizza. They actually only finished two films, both horror movies. They got Toni sneering, claiming the props and special effects were ‘lame as heck'. As for Steve, he was admittedly pretty wary during most of the suspenseful and intense scenes. He kept praising the actors’ performances after each movie ended.
“Wait, did she try to kiss you, but you pushed her away?,” Natasha breaks in.
“Bonsoir, madame. Do you have a reservation?” a woman with a distinctively pronounced English speaks to her.
From Toni, delivered at 1:41: nobody does their smiley like that, its strange
It’s not their ongoing relationship status itself that is disappointing, it’s just that Steve can’t help but crave for more. Every single time he thinks about her, talks to her, sees her, his heart flutters when he does, and his nerves feel like they’re going to burn out when Toni touches him
“I don't know what to say. It's going to sound repetitive at this point, but you are an effin’ genius. I mean it.” Steve holds Toni’s hips tentatively and approaches himself. “Thank you, Toni.”
To beloved redhead <3, delivered at 7:49: your chicken sandwiches are the GREATEST of all time.
“Aw, come on man. You know what they say: ‘nothing is impossible, the word itself has ‘I'm impossible’!” Buck snickers at the cringiness of the generic quote.
Peppers ignores her and adds: “By the way, in case you haven’t noticed yet, it’s Thursday. Which means tomorrow is your date with that-” she gestures quotations marks with her fingers “‘super hot beefcake of a man’. You two have been talking quite regularly via phones, haven't you?”
“Alright, alright. It was just an excuse to come up and admire the view from here, though the sky is notably grey today.”
The three fans whisper between themselves so loudly and excitedly that Toni can catch a few words. Suppressed screams are heard.
From Natasha, delivered at 1:05: And no, we weren’t having sex. I was helping him clean up the mess of the after party.
Steve was deleting what he previously was about to send, when another message comes through.
From Toni, delivered at 0:38: also, how do you know im friends with him??
“C’est fou que vous parlez tous les deux français.
“Good morning Toni. I made us breakfast.”
“Yeah. It’s rather inexpensive, for us at least.”
“Meh, who gives a fuck. I know I'm not in a much better state.” She licks her top lip as if it would change anything, but Steve knows she's in reality trying to tease him and test his self-control. He watches her wet her bottom lip with a slow flick of tongue, her gaze steadily watching him throughout the whole process, before he gives up and catches her mouth with his own. He sucks gently on her tongue, relishing in the feeling of pleasure rushing up his spine when she moans.
From fave beefcake, delivered at 10:34: Hi!
But that's not what impresses Steve; it's the various objects clattered on almost every surface in the room that does. He spots 4 computer screens, a metal table littered with tools that he doesn't even know the name of, a motorcycle, a vintage car with fiery motifs printed on it, and - are those... robots?
“Why, thank you,” Toni replies with a sheepish smile. “Come, I’ll show you my penthouse. There's a kitchen there, if you're hungry.”
“The XMA  Awards announced today afternoon the winners. Nat was nominated in five categories, as you already know, but she didn't win any of them. The winners are supposed to be selected by their quantity of votes, and there is no way in hell Nat didn't take over at least three of the five she was nominated in,” he continues angrily as he washes aggressively the plum, before biting into it harshly.
Since waking up in the new world Steve had more or less been trying to move on. He hated the fact that everyone he knew was gone but he had to move on and forge new connections. He had a team now and he wanted them to be family.
Tony was still bolted down to the table. He had no idea what to do, everyone thought he was dead. No one was looking for him, or coming for him.
No one answered.
“We have,” Said Natasha, “We want to change his recommendation in his file and we are going to change his status from consultant to co-leader.”
Tony was at the back near the bar, constantly keeping tabs on his team. Currently, Natasha and Bruce were on the dance floor, they were quite the pair, Clint was busy talking some potential donors and Thor was talking with Steve…and they were laughing. Tony didn’t know why that bothered him as much as it did.
He expected a bunch of rambunctious Avengers to greet him but all he got was Steve sitting on the couch...sketching. He walked closer to see what Steve could be drawing and he saw what looked to be the inside of an older home. But before he could see anymore Steve turned around.
“Hey there.” Steve said, he knew they needed to talk.
“Aww come on Nat you know you love me and would never leave me to the wolves.” Clint batted his eyelashes at her.
That’s how they ended up eating cake in the wee hours of the night. The smell drawing Natasha and Clint out of their rooms. The comfort of family and laughter filled the air. They ate until they were stuffed and sat on the couch together.
“Steve, this is what Jarvis told us to do. He did the math. Trust him and me. If he needs more then we will give it to him but his body needs this now.”
“You scared the shit out of me, Steve. I want to be mad but, well the only ones to be mad at are the those stupid octopus aliens.”
“The Avengers are better off without him anyways.” Steve said.
He made a beeline for the coffeemaker before saying hi to anyone else.
“Cap, I’m trying to contain these aliens but they are making their way outside of our secured perimeter.” Tony said, sounding stressed. “Send the Hulk my way please.”
It had been three days since the battle, and Steve spent them all on bed rest. Thankfully the serum allowed him to heal quickly so he would be back to normal in just a few more days. They all were horrible breaks and had he been human, he probably wouldn’t have survived.
“Oh don’t worry Steve I’m fine. Despite what everyone seems to believe, I can take care of myself.” Tony replied, sounding annoyed.
“Good.” Tony said, moving up to straddle him while also taking Steve’s face in his hands, “I just want to make sure, I don’t want you to feel pressured or—”
Justin wheeled in an old television and turned in on a news channel.
Justin walked to Tony’s side and paused to show him the knife he held inside of his hand.
“Let’s leave him now.” Donald said, “We have to get the weapons for the arc ready.”
“Hey there.” Steve teased, stealing a kiss from Tony’s cheek.
“Yeah gotta get that workout in early.” Steve replied awkwardly. “But I can see you both are very busy and hard at work so I’ll leave you too it.” Steve added in just wanting to leave.
Thank you for reading! Leave a comment or let me know if there’s anything you want me to add :)
“Yes sweetheart, now open your eyes, please.” He said grabbing Tony’s face and stroking his face.
Just as Steve was going to rip one of the arms of the robot off, it twisted and shot at the building Natasha and Clint were in.
Tony was the first one down as he was the most experienced with getting ready quickly for these things.
“Yes that is what I believe.” Bruce said, “The damage comes from electricity and it not only hurt the reactor but the area around it. We think there is damage to his heart. The reactor was used improperly, it's meant to help Tony’s heart and Tony built the suits especially for the reactor so that’s why it’s never damaged him before. But after whatever they did to him, the reactor eventually stopped working like it did before. So some of the shrapnel managed to break loose.” Bruce sighed. “We can replace his reactor but Tony’s heart is damaged and we don’t know what the long term effects will be. We could fix him and his heart could still be overworked. My guess is that we could fix it with surgery but his heart would give out, and that’s without going out to be a hero.”
“Shit Steve!” Tony yelled bringing his hand up to his heart, “What did I tell you about wearing a damn bell?”
Tony looked up at where he had put the painting that Steve made for him. He smiled fondly, but then frowned, he had to keep his team safe, “Sorry Jarvis but no can do. I have to start more upgrades for tech. Can’t risk anyone getting hurt when I could’ve prevented it.” Tony sighed, rubbing his eyes, “Besides I’ve got to keep those Avengers happy.”
Steve didn’t need to be told twice, he lined himself up with Tony’s hole and waited a moment to take a breath before pushing all the way in.
“Oh well Nat and Clint got called in from Fury about a possible mission and Bruce said something about a meditation day and I haven’t seen him since.” Steve replied.
“Yeah.” Natasha said, smiling slightly. “Didn’t get much taking done, but there are a lot of activities that don’t require very much conversation.” She said smirking.
“It’s not that I don’t care, Pepper, I love working and inventing for the company.” Tony explained, “I just have other priorities now, especially with being co-leader of the Avengers.” He said, trying to get through to her.
“Is everyone okay?” Bruce shouted.
“Look Steve… I just want to try my best to keep everyone safe. You say I’m vital to the team but so is everyone.” Tony paused and took a breath, “But… uh, thank you for being concerned, it means a lot.” Tony said while barely being able to maintain eye contact. He wasn’t used to gratitude, much less praise.
Steve walked into the common room with a smile on his face, he wondered what Tony was up to.
Steve was sitting in the living room talking to Thor when Tony walked in.
“Jarvis, can you tell Tony to meet us here when he can.”
Steve reached out and pulled Tony against him in a half hug, “It’s my pleasure Tony.”
Tony stayed in his workshop the night after the mission. He was trying to add a program in his suit that could effectively disable bombs quicker than today.
“Okay team! I have an announcement to make.”
“You have been working so much lately that I thought you could use some food. Jarvis said you haven’t been out of here in the last two days.”
Tony smiled, real and genuine “Thanks for all of this.”
“Mmm.” Steve said in reply as he went to grab the lube from the drawer.
Before he could reply, his phone chimed and he looked at it seeing a text from Thor. He was just checking in but he did send a picture of Asgard.
“You have to see-well actually hear it to believe it.”
He continued gasping as Donald began to speak, “Do you understand me now Tony? I know all about your adventures in Afghanistan and we can continue this for forever if this is how you want to act.” He said in a reprimanding tone.
“Steve!” Tony called out, immediately blasting over to him and shooting at the tentacle that was gripping his boyfriend.
“So Stark, you think that just because you bring your goodie two shoe heroes that we will be fooled into giving you money for whatever fucked up cause is happening under the table? I mean it’s not as if you’re tight on cash.” He sneered.
“Tony I need you to shut the robot down now!”
“Okay Cint, I got you this Samurai Yumi bow. I thought you would like to add it to your collection. It’s very treasured, but I pulled a few strings.”
“Will I get paid?” Steve asked, playing along.
“Natasha I need you!” Tony yelled desperately.
“And what makes you think I will do that?” Fury scoffed, crossing his arms.
“Can’t have you screaming for help, now can we?” He smirked.
So yeah, he was nervous because it mattered.
He found out that Steve was excellent at card games and at chess, because when he was sick that’s what he did with Bucky to pass the time and they taught his team how to play during the downtime in the war in the 40s.
Tony got up from where he was sat next to Steve, he frowned and Steve just shrugged in response.
When they let go Tony said, “Steve, this is the first time in a long time that anyone has been this thoughtful and caring towards me. The paintings are beautiful, I’m going to keep them in my workshop and room. Thank you so much.” Tony said while looking right at him, smiling widely.
Tony also thought it would be easier to shop online but Steve insisted that they go out in person. Tony didn’t get why, especially when the paparazzi could spot them.
Tony turned to Steve shocked but before he could say anything Natasha spoke up.
“So pretty much you want us to pay for the mess you, a ‘hero’ caused.” He snapped back.
However nothing in life could be that simple, as he found his happiness in his new life he couldn’t help but feel that he was betraying his old one. He felt almost disloyal, by being happy in this new life and not being sad that his loved ones were gone.
Right at that moment the rest of the Avengers piled in and damn, they cleaned up nice. Tony’s eyes immediately went to Steve and they both looked at each other at the same time.
Steve held onto Tony, tight, trying to calm the shaking from the sobs. He stroked Tony’s back and tried to comfort him as much as he could, “Oh sweetheart, I’m so sorry. I’m glad I could help you in some way though. I’m just so glad you’re back. And don’t worry you’ll be okay. You may not be now but you’ll get there, I promise.”
“Tony listen to me.” Steve said trying to get through to him, “You do so much to protect this team, you saved all of our asses more times than I can count. You do so much, trust me when I say that you can take a break. Not because we think you’re a liability but because you are our friend. We care about you more than the suit and the upgrades. Iron man is a huge asset to the team, that’s true, but Tony is vital. You are one of us, we care about you. End of story. We want you to be well because you deserve it more than anyone.” Steve ended his mini rant with a hand through his hair and one question, “The only question is why can’t you see that?”
“So until it explodes, it’s just destroying the city?” Steve asked.
“I didn’t know you could draw.” Tony said surprised.
“Okay guys it’s all ready,” Steve said proudly.
“Not over?” Steve scoffed, “Its either Tony dies or lives a bedridden life, with the constant threat of his heart giving out.”
“Was that really a good idea?”
“Calm down Stark, who says there’s going to be another date?” Steve asked, teasing Tony back from earlier.
Tony quickly lit up with a wicked grin, “Wait that is a wonderful idea.” He said with excitement, “Steve you have to pretend to quit, I mean Fury would totally shit himself and I could have Jarvis record his panic. Then I could use it for blackmail whatever he threatens to quick me off the team.” He said smiling.
“Hey Tones… thought I’d stop by to see you.”
No one caught Bruce mumbling, a mix of exasperation and affection, “And yet we are the people they trust to save the planet.”
Tony shifted in Thor’s hold so he was lying on top of him and Steve reached to grab Tony’s feet so they rested on his lap.
Apparently that’s what Tony needed to hear because he looked up at Steve with watery eyes.
“Look the reason we have been so hard on you is because we should’ve been harder on you in the past. A lot of mistakes could’ve been prevented and we just didn’t want you to go back to your old ways I guess.” Rhodey said.
“Sorry Natasha.” Steve said sheepishly, “Please don’t hurt me.”
One time, Steve couldn’t sleep so he made his way down to Tony’s workshop (he asked Jarvis if Tony was up) and then mumbled something about not being able to sleep.
“I’m just saying that being co-leader isn’t just something to rub in Fury’s face. It’s serious, I mean are you sure you want to do it?” Rhodey asked, “I mean you barely can handle managing a company with Peppers help.”
As Tony cried, he buried his face in Steve’s chest. Steve stroked his back and began speaking softly, “God Tony, to hear what they did to you…” he said at a loss. “You didn’t deserve any of it. And none of it was true, we looked for you every second you were gone. And the only word that could come close to describe what we felt, when we heard you were gone…” he stopped, taking a breath, “Was absolute devastation.” Steve managed to get out, years running down his eyes.
Anyways coming back to the present Tony was tinkering away in his lab trying to improve the team's equipment. He needed to improve Caps suit and Nats widow bites, not to mention Clint’s arrows needed an upgrade. That was only the stuff for the Avengers, not to mention the work needed for Stark Industries.
“Hey Tony”
“Because he deserves it.” Clint said.
“Sir she has used the override code and will be here in approximately ten seconds.”
“What? I thought someone who leads the Avengers would know how to breathe.” Tony tried to joke despite the panic.
