The agent looked surprised. “You’re too modest, Dr. Watson! Biopharmaceuticals Limited is always looking for the best and brightest doctors, and your record shows that you are certainly in that category. Plus a war hero to boot! No, we are very interested.”
Sherlock was finding it difficult to follow the madman’s reasoning, which, he imagined, shouldn’t come as a surprise. It was always more difficult to predict the trajectory of a bullet from a damaged gun than one from a gun in good shape. Not that an incomplete understanding of Moriarty’s thought process was much of a concern at the moment; the consulting criminal’s need to gloat over his accomplishments insured that he’d make his meaning plain before very much longer.
There was a small crowd gathering around Sherlock now, the few passersby obviously torn between wanting to help the gasping figure on the ground and trying to avoid the human appendages now strewn over the sidewalk. Then, an ambulance pulled up and two people dressed in white lifted John’s friend onto a gurney. They clearly weren’t medical personnel, that much was obvious from the careless way they handled Sherlock. They hadn’t even avoided putting pressure on his ribs! Indignance joined John’s concern, and he seethed. But the footage on the screen went on, as the two not-professionals loaded John’s best friend into the back of the ambulance. Then, it pulled away, and the screen went dark again.
you to take action. I have had past experience of being whipped, and I can stand it longer than normal people.” Sherlock smiled. “But… I
The memories of Greg came up again, disturbing that relaxing moment. Greg and Mycroft were getting closer than ever. Greg even said a happy announcement would be made soon. John drowned in self-pity when he suddenly wondered if Sherlock had a soul mark too.
” Sherlock said between kisses. “Let me in, love me…” Sherlock’s fingers in John’s hair. “For the rest of your life.” Sherlock’s hands on John’s hips. “Don’t ever lock me out again.”
It was painful seeing the pirates bomb the Victress. John had been its captain for 7 years, and he had rather a lot of emotions attached to it.
Mycroft sighed again. “Think of it this way, you will bring hurt to all the ones who love you and who care about you if you just die so… irresponsibly.”
Armed men burst into the chamber and killed the torturer. The intruders freed Moran and carried him into a waiting black limousine. James Moriarty was on the passenger seat, beside Moran.
In a blur, I saw someone dressed in black carry Sherlock’s body away. I screamed for them to stop, I screamed for them to let me hug Sherlock for one last time. Thieves! Thieves! He was my everything! I never even got the chance to look at him properly since two years ago, I never even got the chance to touch him! He left my life, reentered so abruptly and because of my own fault, left it again, shamefully.
Sherlock was on the verge of tears, and, seeing no reaction from John, he turned to leave, grimly. Suddenly he felt a hand on his shoulders. John was looking at his face, and violent shook his head.
Right at the moment I saw you, I knew you would be someone special to me. Your name, your face, your body, everything about you, reminds me of John. Forgive me if I had ever offended you earlier today, it was because I was confused and not sure. Do forgive me.”
Sherlock didn’t have plans for the future. However, his crewmen were waiting for his orders. He quietly took his telescope out and saw a luxurious ship. Without doubt, he knew it was the Royal Naval USN Victress.
“Where? Where did you put him? What have you done to him?” Sherlock said anxiously, although pretending to be cold.
If he could numb himself, maybe it wouldn’t hurt so much. Every hit on John meant a stab in Sherlock’s heart, only one hundred times more painful.
This woman in front of me was going to bring light back into my miserable life. I was a ship that had just changed sail. Sherlock had left my life and was out of my memory. Mary had become my new sail. My life turned around her like how the Earth moved around the Sun. The past and its sorrow, I left it all behind me. I was now running a new track, and pursuing a new goal: Mary.
I felt a little bit sorry for John that all this had been a lie. His “girlfriend” was never in love with him. Every bit of his life was planned, like the settings from a movie.
okay so that's the end. It's finished. Hope you've enjoyed it. Tho I have reli enjoyed my self in writing this... excuse me for the shitty ending and shitty OOCs and shitty writings
I was a lonely man, thought John. All these years he sailed along the sea, seeing all the wonders and beauties of this world. And yet nothing,
“You… are…” Sherlock finally opened his mouth and said. “a dumbass.” With the slightest twitch on the corner of his mouth.
People always say you don’t realize how important someone is to you until you lose them. Yes, I didn’t even know how much I value Sherlock in my heart. I don’t know, I just feel hollow without him beside me. I used to confide everything to him, and he would listen, even when I know these human emotions bored him. He was a good flat mate. He was a good friend.
Sherlock clicked open the image and was so shocked that a gasp escaped his mouth. The background was an unfamiliar cellar. There was a bleeding body, tied up, badly beaten, and crouched into a tight little ball on the bloody floor like a weak little animal. Sherlock, having an uneasy feeling, enlarged the image and felt dizzy when he saw that the person was John.
“My best mate, John.” Greg patted John’s chest. “How I love hanging out with you. And how I love these moments with you, just lying here, not thinking, not doing anything. If our times could last forever.”
I observed his face, and I saw a face loaded with joy and cheerfulness that he never showed when he was out with me. Every time I sat in the house, he pulled that serious, and done face and he was so constantly full of worries. But to his date, he got a charming smile, and they were a nice little couple.
Moriarty laughed. "If you kill me, you'll never find your little puppy. He suffered injuries that requires immediate medical attention, or he'll die. And, you care far too much about him that you'll never run away, or fight, unless you know that your puppy dear is somewhere safe."
Sherlock began to felt desperate. He felt like he was falling apart. Sentiment was not really his area. He felt he should talk to John, make him smile, chase that sadness away. But he didn’t know how. He wanted to, so desperately, but he couldn’t.
Listen I know I havent been starting on this for a bit of a while. I've probably just lost an amount of readers... but i will try to speed up and finish this asap
Sorry, this is not John. I am hacking into his computer again. At first I planned to delete his previous post, because I assume that he will be making fun of me again. But then I had an idea. I will take revenge here.
Smiling? What kind of a man smiles under such tortures? He should have kept John. He should have killed John in front of Sherlock.
Moriarty popped out. "Sorry to interrupt this blissful moment, but, he's unconscious, he cannot answer you." He said with a wicked smile. "However, seeing that you're so eager, I'll wake him up." He gestured his fellow men to pour a basket of icy cold water onto John's head. Slowly opening his eyes, pupils enlarged with fear, John regained consciousness. He caught sight of Sherlock and immediately straightened up. His eyes were wide open with terror, and he violently moved his arms, leaving the chains rattling. He was obviously attempting to say something, but the gag in his mouth prevented so.
The helplessness of not being able to help his friends. The guilt of surviving while none of his friends did. The despair of watching brave, good men perish under flames and gunshots. The loneliness of losing everyone and everything he once loved.
All hope was shattered. Only John remained. Why would Moriarty keep him alive? There was nothing John could do for Sherlock anymore. He was weak and useless.
“Alright, alright there, Mr. Smart. In human language that means you’re in love. You know how many times I tried to break that wall of ice of you, I tried. But nothing, nothing happened.”
John did not have much choice before him, so he decided to visit the younger Holmes. Hopefully he could get closer to Mycroft and destroy whatever was between him and Greg.
In the past few months I had never had the courage to visit the places which Sherlock and I often went together. And that meant a hell lot of places, the library, the train station, millions of restaurants, etc. But now with Mary, I felt refreshed. I was a new man. She transformed me from a poor grieving man to a cheerful lad, determined to get my life right.
John.” Sherlock said dramatically, while Mycroft was working on his chains. Once he was freed, he stumbled towards John and held his head in his hands. “Though I prefer a much better way of saying thank you.” And he kissed John.
He did not notice me, but all the time during the film, I watched his face, every feature of him was perfect. I felt my hands trembling as I looked into those watery blue eyes. I struggled to control myself, as I fought back the urge to touch him. He was so small, so extraordinary, and yet far beyond my reach.
I was dazzled. What was this special something I felt about John? “You love him, don’t you?” The voice of Mycroft continued to swirl inside my mind.
He was sitting on the deck, watching the waves hitting his ship again and again. The sea was vast, blue, and miraculous. He stared, hoping that the sea could soothe his troubled heart.
If Sherlock can be so understanding, and yes, gentle, and not force anything with John, if Sherlock can change everything for John, why can’t John change a little bit of himself for Sherlock as well?
He snapped his fingers and Moran walked into the room. “Sebastian, much as I want to let you have the fun, I have other plans. As compensation, I’ll let you watch the whole thing.” Then, Moriarty took out a whip from a bag on the floor and held it for John. “Familiar, isn’t it? Remember, Sherlock, the tender strokes you left on John’s body? Now you are going to do the same, John. For the twenty lashes your men left on Sebastian, I will double that on you, Sherlock.”
“To the high in my life, to my light, to the love of my life,” Sherlock gets on one knee. “Marry me.”
“Yes, yes. I will. Yes sir.” A pause. “Oh, he is doing fine. Yeah, but he’s evidently in love with me.” Another pause. “Great, I’ll report the updates to you.”
Sherlock was still laughing. “I know your tickle point, I never miss it!” He said, beaming with pride.
What power does Sherlock have on his mind and his body, that makes John crave for him so much? What power does Sherlock have, that makes John determined enough to stop self harming? What power does Sherlock have, that keeps John from falling apart?
The door was opened and the figure of Greg walked in. He saw John, hungover, lying on the sofa. “Woah friend, what happened to you?” He poured a cup of water but John would not drink it. He was still furious.
Night fell and the luminous stars twinkled on the deep blue canvas we called the sky. There was a knock on the cell’s gate. John was startled.
Centuries after their era, pirates of all countries and all tongue would know of this ancient sea chanty, about a Pirate Captain and a Royal Navy Captain, who fell in love, and sailed to the world’s edge and the sea’s end together. All kinds of challenge awaited them, but their strong bond of love broke every curse.
He would never fall in love with me, a tiny voice in my head said. Funny how my hard drive got room for such nonsense.
“Yes I did. I was watching you, because I worried that you would do unwise things. Like this. Without me, you’d probably be dead by now.”
“I can ask my men to dig Moriarty’s den out and save Dr. Watson. You don’t have to go.” Mycroft said, obviously not believing in himself as well.
Anyway THIS IS IMPORTANT: Listen, I don't reli know how Moriarty could survive and be alive after the Reichenbach's fall, and dont ask me why he isnt dead. I HAVE NO IDEA.
PS: Sherlock is getting really nervous. He had been googling the ceremony procedures all day. He urges me to practice with him every day, and I have to practice waltz with him too. Please, guys, help me calm him down. He is making me anxious too.
“Oh stop trying to argue with me, you know I’m always right. Why else would you think I would hate you or even leave you? You are perfect for me. Even though you are over-imaginative and stupid.”
His partners in the Navies had already found their companions. They had someone to share their ups and downs, and yet John, having met quite a number of pretty women, had still not yet found the love of his life.
John thought for a while, obviously still in doubt. But Lestrade merely gave him a reassuring smile and a pat on his shoulders.
I was told that John would be asking the woman out that night, presumably for a movie at the Grand Cinema. So I prepared myself, had a proper disguise and set off to the cinema. I wanted to observe how a proper date should be, so that I could familiarize myself with John’s likes. I had never had such experiences or witnessed any normal dating, so you’d have to excuse me for prying on John’s private life like that. These information would surely do me good if I, no,
But these years has been a really memorable experience for me. I was a lonely and unsociable man before I met you, Sherlock. Life was dull, life was meaningful, but all the thrill you gave me, all the excitement you gave me, I value them a lot.
“I am sorry, Doctor. I’ve hurried. So, Sherlock, how’s he?” Mycroft said with a genuine look of concern on his face.
I met her some weeks ago. That was a cold, briskly night. I lay in my bed, tossing and turning, tortured by nightmares. Unable to put up with the troubles, I went down the streets and went into a pub. I didn’t particularly enjoy alcohol, but a few quick slips of beer could temporarily pull me away from sorrow. I was getting a little drunk and I was fuzzing about in the bar. I created quite a mess there when I bumped into a girl holding drinks.
“Good boy!” Moriarty waved his arms to gesture his men out of the room, except Moran. John reluctantly took the whip. “Go on, be quick, beat him!”
“Impressive physique. However precious time cannot be wasted, Moriarty will start his next attacks soon. There is not a moment to lose. Well then, chop off his fingers one by one till he talks.” Sherlock Holmes said callously, and he left with his brother.
Sweat on his forehead. Pained cries haunt his dreams. John screams as the bloody hands claw at his uniform, as the bullet hits his shoulder.
“And yes, just dump him on the street. Let’s cross our fingers that someone will be kind enough to treat him, or he will really die. Saddie, saddie…” Moriarty referred to John.
“No time to cry, Sherlock. Say goodbye one last time to your beloved London.” Moriarty said in a eerie voice so soft it sent the chills down one’s spinal cord. Suddenly he grabbed Sherlock’s collar and whispered in his ears, “That’s what you get for upsetting Sebastian.”
Five days later, they went out to investigate on a case. Still uneasy about the curse, John asked Lestrade to come with them.
He tried to move his hands and legs, and were surprised to find that he was not bound. Suddenly a cold, metallic voice rang in his ears and echoed against the steel walls of the room. "Nice sleep, Sherlock? I've been watching you sleep, how calm and peaceful you are when you sleep. I do hope that kind of peacefulness can stay with you, because you're gonna be very, very, sad in my hands."
Normal people, the idiots, would scream their heads off in thirty minutes. Moriarty tapped his feet. But Sherlock, three days and he was still as strong as the metal chest itself. It was dawning on him that he had definitely underestimated Sherlock. He’s got minds of steel.
John leaned into Sherlock’s chest, nuzzling his neck. “Moriarty, you pig, don’t lay your filthy hands on Sherlock! Don’t you dare!” He was screaming so desperately.
Sherlock stands up as well, clutching John’s wrists. “John,” He hesitates before rolling up his own sleeves. On his arms, from the wrists to the upper arms, lie dozens of ugly, poorly-healed scars. Some of them are from drugs, some are cuts, some are scratches. “I’ve been planning to tell you about this for a long time. It was a big chunk of my life that I think you should be entitled to know.”
Anyway, I was rather pleased with the progress of my project to snatch my cute little flat mate from the woman, one of the hardest case for me to crack, which I named
PS: I am not nervous about our wedding. Wedding is a meaningless showcase of wealth. But John is anxious, everyone is anxious. Except me.
Sebastian Moran woke up with immense pain on his body. He tried to move but realized that his hands were tied up high above his head to the ceiling. His wrist was swollen and sore from the bounding. He was blindfolded, and uneasiness swept in.
The pirate ship was speeding up. In no time its crew would board the Victress. John’d run out of time. Death was unescapable. He didn’t fear death, but he feared the humiliation from the filthy, uncivilized rulers of the sea.
During Greg’s busy visits to his neighbors for news of Mycroft, John always followed and was enthusiastic, or so it would seem. “I’m more than happy to help you, my friend, to find your lifelong happiness.” He always said to Greg, who, sadly, didn’t seem to be as close to John as before.
Every day he hung out with Greg, they joked, they fought, they did what best mates would do. But months passed by. Years too. In the blink of an eye John turned eighteen, and he still hadn’t got his mark. He began feeling uneasy.
Mycroft smiled. “That mark, you’ve had it the first day you met John Watson. But love, love is never your area, right? What matters is only the work.”
Moriarty rolled his eyes. “It… is sweet. Such a shame it’s ending so soon.” He turned to Sherlock and held his chin with his long fingers. “Sherlock, I will break you. Crush that little brain of yours. But no rush, we have all the time in the world. First I have to take care of my little Sebby, who is so thirsty for revenge.”
“Captain? Captain Watson? There is a ship to our south, about 250 miles away. It’s sailing towards us!” The petrified Lieutenant rushed to John.
John was lonely. He felt hollow. All the glory and fame he once got was snatched away by these thieves at sea. He had been the captain of a giant, beautiful Naval ship, and what was he now? A wretched, poor prisoner, humiliated and hated.
I stumbled and stood up on my feet, feeling so dizzy with guilt, and I felt weak. I ran towards those men like a drunk, shouting and wailing, but I was immersed in unbearable sadness that I fainted.
“Has that wound in your leg healed? Is it I who smacked your bone there? Does it hurt?” Moriarty pulled a face that sent chills down John’s spine. Those days were memories that he would never want to remember. “Did you wail like a baby when I tear your flesh apart? And those screams! What happy times! Did you miss me?” Moriarty laughed wickedly.
Sherlock was crying too. The man he loved, snatched away from him for years, suddenly and so unbelievably appeared before his eyes. He was so shocked.
Well, of course I had gone to his grave. I talked to him. Yeah, I’d got lots and lots of things to tell him. All the things which I never got the chance to tell him, that he was the best human being I had ever met, that he was my everything, that I forgave him for his nasty tricks, his arrogance, his childish behavior, as long as he could get back to me.
They came, at last. The first thing I noticed was that awful mustache. My flat mate looked very ancient indeed. Even my father seemed younger than him. Once I got him in my hands, I would definitely get rid of that filthy mustache.
And… the great Mycroft Holmes walked in. “Tsk… Tsk…” He said with a smirk. “Am I interrupting anything?”
And my deduction was never wrong, the two were indeed going for a film, and I, disguised as some ordinary passer-by, also bought a ticket and got seated right next to John.
His torturer heaved a long sigh, and Moran felt a lash of pain on his hips. And then on his knees. Another on his chest. Moran was whipped, and whipped, and whipped, and he felt his body weak and broken.
“You know Mycroft,” Sherlock said between kisses, “love is a magical thing. You should find yourself a goldfish, like…
I arrived early. John and his date had not yet arrived. I could hardly hide my eagerness to meet him. God, it’s been two years, how I missed cuddling around him when I could not get on with a case. I pictured the loving couple having a candlelight dinner somewhere, saying sweet things, and a sense of jealousness burned inside me. I would surely get rid of that woman as soon as possible, she would only block the pass way between John and me.
As the thick, red blood flows out of his thighs, John’s panting gradually stops. He feels his panic attack slowing down, and a newfound, almost sacred, calmness fills his mind and body. The pain in his chest stops. The suffocation at his throat stops. The trembling of his hands stops. The tears on his cheeks stop. It is like time itself has frozen, the devils cannot reach him for now, nor the loneliness, nor the haunted memories.
Sherlock took a deep breath and whipped John again. John let out a scream and slipped into unconsciousness.
Why is this happening? John asks himself. The mere presence of Sherlock is enough to calm John, as he bathes in the familiar blissfulness of numbness. And happiness.
“Yeah you sure have to. And there’s one present which will be perfect,” said Lestrade as he walked in. “it’s that for once you can say my name correctly, Sherlock, it’s Greg! Greg Lestrade!”
There were sudden gunshots outside the room. A smile went across Moran’s face. He knew the professor would save him!
Three days and he hadn’t scream. How many more days until Sherlock was driven mad? It was a major disruption to Moriarty’s plan. All the delicate works, the tools, the melodrama, was just his experiment to see how much Sherlock could bear. This
It had always been a wonderful sight, seeing a genius break under his heels. The fascinating feeling of crushing that soul, shattering those dreams, it had been Moriarty’s dream come true. And Sherlock, had been the most challenging opponent.
Soon John got tired of trying. Maybe he had mistaken. There was nothing behind that coldness. Sherlock was a machine.
John hated himself for not being able to fight back. He shivered at the thought of being held prisoners by the pirates. What kind of torture lay ahead of him?
But there was this feeling that was constantly nagging at him. His heart yearned for something. Something he had no idea of. His life was tedious, boring, and he waited for the someone to brighten him up.
That look in John’s eyes was beyond the description of words. It was a mixture of love, hatred, longingness, sympathy, and unspoken sadness.
One day he held the blade in his hand for the first time. He was not sure if this was a good idea. John Watson, once a man of steel, was now just a coward who could not even face his nightmares. John Watson, who used to run towards the most dangerous war zones, who used to carry dozens of wounded men on his shoulders from explosions and cannon shots, was now too timid to face reality.
They were running on the street, chasing down two men, probably under the criminal lord Sherlock was after. The men were carrying a paper bag containing some documents which were vital to the case. Their physique and fighting skills were certainly not bad, but with someone like John Watson as their opponent, they didn’t really stand a chance. John easily kicked one man in the shins and knocked the other into unconsciousness, and took the bag. Feeling proud, he waved the bag in the air, trying to impress Sherlock.
I had been contacting the woman for a few times, and got regular updates on John’s life. He hadn’t changed much, still my cute doctor and my cute blogger.
Professor Moriarty yelled towards the London streets beneath their feet, “Don’t make me furious, or you will end up
What secrets were my girlfriend hiding from me? I realized that she never really mentioned her past to me. I hadn’t know a thing about her before that night at the pub.
him, secretly. But one day when we were dealing with a really dangerous criminal, Professor Moriarty, we were, unfortunately, captured by him. He tortured us and eventually put us into some brain-washing machine. I could no longer remember who I was, where I had been, what I was doing, etc. All the things I’ve just told you, were the facts I collected and organized from others’ recounts.”
. Sherlock had to be bored of him. Sherlock had to hate him. Sherlock had to leave before that dreadful day came when John would do something dreadful.
Taking the opportunity when John went to a date, Sherlock did one of his experiment. This time on the prolonged metabolic stages of cell respiration after death. He just finished his experiment when his phone flashed. It was a text alert from an unknown sender.
“I know what you are thinking about, I know that frowning face,” She said quietly, on my bed, “Remember? No negative thoughts tonight, you promised! Now, come here, let’s… have some fun?”
“Mycroft. Oh what a beautiful name.” Greg often said to John dreamily. “He must be a very handsome man, taller than me, maybe, with brown hair, just like mine. He would have blue eyes, and a long pointed face.” John would usually be too boiled with jealousy to respond.
"Sherl... Sherlock..."John's voice was croaked and unnatural. "Don't... You must run... You're going to die... He... he... will torture you to death. You can't do this for me... why did you come, you idiot! He'll kill you!"
“Well,” Sherlock decided, “Looks like our prisoner still thinks that he’s the commander here. Sailors, let’s teach him some manners, should we?” The fellow pirates cheered and chanted in unison.
“Steady the ship! Hand out the guns! Brace yourselves for pirates’ attack!” John ordered calmly. He was desperate to cover up his panicking. He wasn’t sure the Victress could survive the attack.
“You dare!” John’s eyes shot with hot white fury, and he produced a gun from his pocket. It was a tiny revolver, aimed straight at Moriarty’s forehand. Dozens of armed men raised their guns and pointed them at John. But John did not faze. He would not waste his only chance to save Sherlock.
Lestrade, again, offered us a ride in the police cars, but Sherlock, as usual, ignored and called a cab. He was playing with my fingers during the ride, obviously deep in thoughts. Something or someone in the case was clearly troubling him.
Moriarty felt light. He was always amazed by how obedient and small his Sebby was before him. He was like a tiny little bean, adorable.
“Mary?” I called from the living room. I spotted a good film on TV, and I wanted to watch it with her. With the popcorn ready, I called again.
I didn’t wake him up, because I did not want him to face whatever he was facing, whatever that worried him. I did not want to see that peacefulness slip away from his face. I smoothen the bedsheets and sat down on his bed. I studied him, from his eyelashes to his lips. He was like a little child, care-free, innocent, adorable. There was a strange sensation glowing in my heart, I was not sure what it was, but I let it be, I let it send an impulse towards my brain, I let it move my hand to touch Sherlock’s face softly. My fingers moved along his cheekbones, and I tugged his hair, twisting those lovely curls.
In fact, it was not a bad option either, knowing that he would never love me. He would leave me behind, broken, alone, so why should I live when the one I loved most hated me and would never come back to me? Life would not be happy, nor meaningful, if I had to part with John. What is the use of my life, if it was waking up every morning, staring into an empty flat, in an eerie silence, without the usual laughter and jokes from him? Why should I keep my heart beating, if it was so hollow and empty inside? What was the difference between me and a log of wood, if there wasn’t him around, warming me up, cheering me up? Life would simply lost its meaning.
“Yes. And I don’t have the experience. I didn’t trust my body, which clearly showed signs which I could not ignore. These biological signs include dilated pupils, increased pulse, the nausea, emotional instability. And they are intensifying…”
Sherlock still did not give up. John charged towards the icy walls and banged his head against it. Blood instantly dripped from his forehead, along his cheeks, leaving trails of reddish lines on his face.
Sherlock was getting worried. John had locked himself in his room for two days now, only coming out for a quick shower and a sandwich meal he made for himself. Sherlock had thought about things he had done wrong, when he had angered John. But he couldn’t think of any.
Sherlock fighting himself. Sherlock admitting that he is lonely. Alone no longer protects him. Along hurts him.
“You are confused. Your heart is saying that you indeed feel emotions, but your brain refuses to acknowledge that. You are disagreeing with yourself, Sherlock.”
out.  The only time when I could really take a good look at him, was in the EU. I watched him, the machines beeping dangerously, his heart rate unsteady, his brows knitted with loneliness.” Mycroft took a deep breath and tried to steady himself. “I am the brother. Sherlock has always been emotional. He needs to be taken care of. But I can’t. There’s something in me that prevents me from understanding him. It is I who put him in this state. Who else am I to blame? It’s all my fault. I am no better. Even with this intelligence, I’m still a
“No such thing!” Greg laughed, panting. He lay on the grass, wiping the sweat from his forehead. He grabbed John’s shirt and pulled him down too. John let out a grunt of pain, and they fought playfully for a little while on the grass.
“On the count of three, fire the canons. One… Two… Three… FIRE!” Sherlock commanded with absolute leadership. The Naval Victress was weak and small, compared to his magnificent ship—the Jolly Mary.
“That dude just ran onto the streets suddenly, scared me to death. He was screaming some something, something about a guy called John and he was apologizing.  He begged the drivers to knock him over and kill him. That man was crazy!” The driver said, pointing a finger at Sherlock.
John wasn’t listening. He stared at Greg, whose face, like any young boys, was smooth and white. His hair, an angry brown, was messy and fierce. His eyes shone with a special charm. John could not take his eyes off him. Greg was a nice guy, and quite good-looking. And sometimes he thought, there was something more than friendship between them. But so innocent and young, what did he know?
Sherlock couldn’t see the blinking eyes of John, tired but focused on him. A line of tears rolled down from John’s cheek but Sherlock could not feel it. How John wanted to say in his ears, “Me too, Sherlock, me too.” But he could not. He opened his mouth but no words came out. Unfortunately none of this caught the attention of Sherlock.
That night, John does something that surprises even himself. He asks Sherlock to sleep with him. And he agrees.
I was moaning and complaining and not knowing what had happened, and I protested against this sudden confusion. But John was kissing me so hard that I couldn’t even move my head. The feeling was amazing, but I was too puzzled to enjoy the moment.
Sherlock took a deep breath and wiped away his tears. “Let’s go, John.” He raised his whip and hit John on his back. A moan left John’s mouth, and he tried very hard not to scream when the wounds on his back were reopened. “One,” Sherlock counted. He hit him again, also on the back, and this time John couldn’t help but let out a little scream. His body was shaking so hard that the shackles and chains moved violently. “Two.” Sherlock missed his back and whipped him on his left arm instead. The flesh was immediately torn away and dark red blood went streaming out. Sherlock ignored the turning of his stomach and continued. “Three.”
That scene, Lestrade thought to himself, was even scarier than the homicide case. He tried to ask Sherlock what happened, only to receive a heart-stopping deadly gaze which was desperate and confused. Hands trembling, Lestrade asked John to let him in.
But it would also be ridiculous to say that Sherlock has not helped him in many ways possible. John still cries, but now he has a shoulder to cry on; John still cuts, but now he has someone to make sure he bandages it properly afterwards; John still breaks down at night, but now he receives a single red rose on his nightstand every morning; the dreams still haunts him, but now violin music from the living room slowly calms him down.
“Finally. You’re awake, Sebastian Moran. ” A cold, deep voice addressed him. “I must apologize for this awkward situation that you are currently in. There is something I need from you. Would you mind providing me with it?”
A part of John wondered how Mycroft could possibly know. But the bigger part of him wouldn’t be surprised if someone tell him Mycroft was in charge of even the fucking soulmate system. He could almost picture Mycroft in one of those Greek robes, lying leisurely on a cloud, maybe with cakes surrounding him, and checking a list, saying “He goes with her, she goes with him; this goes with that, that goes with this.”
But there was another facet to consider. Little details in John's behavior, nuances in his expressions. His words.
“Okay, sorry, that was uncalled for. But of all the holidays, I would have thought that Halloween appealed to you.”
John's gaze travels down Sherlock's long neck to his chest, the sculpted muscles defined in the low light. He ought to offer some reassuring explanation about the writing on the mirror, but can come up with nothing.
He doesn't like hiding the truth from Liv, but he's trying to protect her. She's barely 9. He doesn't want to see her hurt by malicious gossip or, God forbid, endangered in any way. He doesn't want her to get too close. If Sherlock were to disappear or get himself killed--
John quickly undressed and folded his clothes into a neat stack, then slipped on the bathrobe. Barefoot, he followed the attendant as she escorted him to a warm, dimly lit room that smelled of sandalwood. As his eyes adjusted, he was shocked to see not one, but two massage tables, one already occupied by a very familiar lanky form, a sheet draped over a perfect arse.
John keeps his gaze locked on a point somewhere down the street, then finally looks at Sherlock. “Sure. Fine. If you can stop being a dick.”
John is somber as he traces the scar. “A centimeter more to the right and…” he doesn’t finish, but Sherlock knows what he’s thinking. His heart, shredded.
John hunched in his chair, recalling the searing pain in his left shoulder, the shock of realizing what had happened, the struggle to not pass out.
Or he could make them tea, bringing Sherlock his mug while he finished shaving. Sherlock’s hair would be damp, slicked back, flecks of shaving foam smudged under his ear and on his neck. John would breathe in his clean, soapy scent, slip a hand between the folds of his dressing gown, teasing him to semi-hardness...
John returned to the resort an hour later with a new book and settled near the crackling fire to read, tuning out the chatter of other guests, losing track of time. He ate a light lunch and dove back into reading, finally brought back to reality by his phone vibrating in his front pocket. He pulled it out and read the text from Sherlock.
John smiled and presented a mug of tea. “Thought you might like something warm to drink.” He placed it next to the water glass. “May I…?” He gestured toward Sherlock's forehead and Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock is about to counter with a long treatise on logic and reason, but the ashen look on John's face stops him. He will -- only for John -- bite his tongue. With effort, he asks the next question. “What do you mean?”
John sat down on the mattress, heavy with disappointment. He really had no right to feel this crushed. It was a one-night stand, nothing more, he reasoned. A lusty, sex-fueled night together with barely any words exchanged.
Much to my delight, Dad had finally bought a car the previous year, so we drove to the village where the funeral was being held and where Sherlock had grown up.
Damn those eyes. He’d do anything -- has done many things -- for a lingering gaze from those sea-change eyes. They are locked on him now, anticipating, desirous, half-lidded.
They didn't speak, each deep in their own thoughts but still connected, their shoulders leaning into each other. The fire popped and snapped, sparks flying up into the darkness.
He’s surprised to find himself looking forward to it, a calm Christmas Eve at home. It’s not normally something he would enjoy, but John will be there.
Well, friends, I can't quite believe it, but we have reached the end. This story has been part of my life for almost a year, so I'm going to miss it. However, I'm looking forward to starting new things and catching up on a lot of fic reading. Thanks to all of you faithful readers who journeyed along with me as the story unfolded. Your encouragement and comments mean the world to me!
He floats in the afterglow, any pain temporarily forgotten. He's half aware of John wiping his lips, then stretching out alongside his limp form.
he wanted -- was in the bedroom downstairs. That lanky body and those mesmerizing eyes. That brain, a racing engine of arcane knowledge and keen observation that could capture nuances in a spot of blood or the burnish of a brass door handle.
“Not quite.” Sherlock placed the book back on the table, then looked up at John. “I should apologize for my brother. He's a complete cock. Which makes me act like an utter prick.”
“Sorry I'm late. Busy day.” John moves to the table, slides out a chair, and sits. He laces his fingers together. “How are you feeling?”
The lake wasn't far away so he drove the opposite direction, enjoying the low rumble of the powerful engine and a few minutes of solitude. He pressed down on the accelerator, gaining speed.
He flicks his eyes up and they catch my gaze. I’m caught unprepared, unguarded, every agonizing desire etched on my face. His hands go still, his eyes lock with mine.
Doubt skimmed across his confidence. Sherlock was unlike anyone else he’d ever met. He could be cold and distant, aloof and abrasive, unpredictable. But he could also be warm and witty, and when his smile reached his eyes, his whole face softened, lighting up the entire room.
Sherlock twisted the telephone cord in his fingers, knowing they were delaying the inevitable. “Yes.”
Reality is a subjective word. His head swims, trying to grasp how time might bend and fold, disobeying linear concepts; how lives might repeat again and again, echoing through the centuries.
He looks toward John's arm chair bathed in a shaft of sunlight, losing himself in thoughts of the past. He shakes himself, snaps back to the present. Time to get back to work.
Mr. Holmes placed his jar on the table and screwed off the lid, then handed Sherlock a teaspoon. “Have a taste,” he encouraged.
“Um, yeah. I've never had such a nice pair. I just… sort of tried them on.” John scratched the back of his head, trying not to look at Sherlock's gorgeous hands. “They’re really… luxurious.”
“Really?” John smiles but doesn’t scoff at the idea. “And people — they just… sit here and tell you about their problems instead of going to the police?”
He curled his hand around John’s cock, hard and thick and heavy in his hand. He shivered a little when John grasped him in return, his prick swelling within the hot circle of John's palm.
“We have the rest of summer,” he echoed, smiling despite the ache he knew was waiting for him in autumn.
Sherlock scratched out black socks, writing something new underneath. He slid the paper back to John.
Sherlock checked his watch. “Me too.” He was reluctant to leave, despite the awkwardness of the last few exchanges. But he could hardly insist that they stay longer.
John shoots him an exasperated look. “They’re random questions. It’s supposed to be fun.” He focuses on the screen. “Like this one: Are you a dog or a cat person?”
Holmes smiled a tiny fraction more. “I’ve been stuck in the countryside for three weeks. I could do with a distraction.”
The sight of Sherlock's face contorted in ecstasy nearly sends John over the brink. He delves a hand down his pajamas, palms himself, stroking hard, and he's off -- hips jerking, come spilling over his fingers, a few creamy strands dribbling onto Sherlock's abdomen.
John kept his eyes on his glass, turning it a bit, absorbed by the distortion of his fingers. Sherlock smelled fragrant, his skin probably warm underneath his impeccable suit.
He’s glad John is there beside him as they watch the taxi blend into traffic and disappear. He doesn't really want to be alone right now.
John undoes the top button of Sherlock’s shirt, taking his time, savoring the texture of soft cotton, the contrast of white fabric against Sherlock’s sun-kissed skin, the random pattern of freckles dusted across his forehead and cheekbones.
He closed his eyes and briefly wondered where John was. Maybe working at the surgery. He filled in for a few hours every now and then, sometimes more if one of the doctors was going to be absent for a longer stretch of time.
“I don’t believe that for a second,” John scoffed. “What, did you finally get kicked out of Cambridge?”
Sherlock looked down at John's hair, silvery brown wisps he wanted to smooth back from his forehead, the curve of nose and chin he never tired of studying, the long eyelashes over deep blue eyes that now flicked questioningly up to him.
Summer is nearing its end, the days growing shorter, the evenings cooler, but the afternoons are fussy and hot, sometimes stormy, often listless.
Sherlock recalled their conversation at the beginning of the summer when Molly had said she'd wanted to be a physician but was pushed into nursing by her mother. “Good for you,” he said, impressed.
John caught his breath, unused to being the seduced instead of the seducer. The way Sherlock was gazing at him was intoxicating, and he let himself fall into the haze, waiting to see what would happen next.
“They think it was murder -- but they don’t have any suspects. Or motives. Or even know what the weapon was.”
Sherlock demurs, surprised at the praise. He doesn’t have time to adequately respond because the cab comes to a stop in front of the flat. He pays the driver then pulls out his keys, suddenly nervous. He can’t recall how messy the kitchen and sitting room are, or the last time the spare bedroom was cleaned. What if he left something unpleasant out on the table, or if it smells like chemicals and cigarettes? What if John doesn’t take the room?
He stood up, leaning heavily on his cane. “Tell Mrs. Hudson I won't be taking the room. Best of luck, Sherlock.”
Fingers in beards, soft and bristly, firm shoulders, bumps of spine, hands mapping the slope above a perfectly rounded arse.
John had watched Sherlock's face as he examined the box of clothing, quickly calculating details. He saw the gradual smile, then the sinking into deep thought. It was that look he had witnessed at the hives -- the keen concentration, the mental detachment.
Sherlock claimed he didn't socialize, that he disdained romantic entanglements, but Sherlock's body hummed under John's fingers like a live wire as they kissed.
John heard the whisper of the breeze in the branches, the whoosh of a car passing on the road behind them.
Fantasy. Pure fantasy. John turns away, the image causing him pain. Best to go to bed, hide in the void of sleep.
“I, uh,” Sherlock is distracted again, imagining John’s naked silhouette moving behind the door. “That could be fixed.”
They gazed at each other, the afternoon light filtering through a stained glass window that cast a mosaic of gold and red patterns across the tablecloth.
It’ll be fine, he tells himself early on, John will contact him. After a week, he carefully lowers his expectations to a neutral point. Perhaps it's better this way, letting the heat of the moment cool, the memory of their kiss fade away like a scar, and then things can go back to what they were. Friends. Close friends. At least there would be that.
John’s breath quickens, and Sherlock glides the pads of his fingers over the tight buds of John's nipples, eliciting a moan as spurts of milky come lace over Sherlock's pale skin.
Molly looked up from the body she was working on and sighed, her scalpel pausing. “We've talked about this, remember?”
He held a large peach in his hand, blushing pink and yellow, the curved dimple in its firm flesh reminding him of John’s round arse. He brushed the fuzz of its fragrant skin against his lips, remembering the botanical term for plants and animals covered with a fine down:
The scraping and banging continues. It’s coming from his room. Sherlock puts one foot on the bottom step, but Hannah clutches at his hand.
“Don’t --” Sherlock cried out, ashamed, grabbing at John’s hand. “God, please stop.” He couldn’t bear to watch him do this, consume his sickness and depravity.
John stretched out his hand, gently touching the faint hollow in the mattress where Sherlock had slept, not quite believing that their night together had really happened. He closed his eyes, savoring the memory of Sherlock’s body pressed against his, the way Sherlock had gazed at him through dark lashes, sucking and stroking him to a state of bliss.
He retreats hastily to his room, flustered. He’s always had a weakness for military men — the uniform, the discipline, the authoritative air. He locks the door and paces, trying to erase the photo from his mind’s eye. He visualizes a map of London instead, reciting the street names of case locations until his system calms.
A few minutes later, after Olivia has won the game, Sherlock comes into the kitchen and stands near John.
“Tomorrow,” Sherlock sighed into John's neck, hands smoothing over his back, taking measure of his shoulder blades beneath his pale blue shirt, “I’ll buy you dinner.”
A hazy sense of wonder washes over John as his fingers slide into Sherlock’s curls. He daringly slips the tip of his tongue between Sherlock’s lips, delighting in the little jolt of surprise it causes. Sherlock soon responds in kind, cautious but curious, letting John guide him in this newest exploration.
Mycroft was trapped by Mrs. Howard near the piano, a tight smile plastered on his face. Sherlock relished the sight of Mycroft's misery for a moment, then was distracted by the sound of the telephone ringing across the hall in the library.
They made their way to the bed, undoing a button, slipping out of their braces, savoring the slowness of their hands in the near darkness.
He watched the shimmers of expression crossing Sherlock's face, sensuality and discovery gradually giving way to something more primal. John took him a little deeper, a little faster, Sherlock's fingers wending into his hair, his hips lifting in response.
Somewhere along the way that curious little boy had calloused over into an arrogant man, contemptuous, brilliant, isolated.
A chocolate shop caught Sherlock’s eye, and they were soon crossing the street. Sherlock selected a bag of sweets that they shared, eating them quickly before they melted in the evening heat.
The stranger suddenly looked in their direction, pinning John and Anthea with a direct gaze that made them quickly shift their eyes elsewhere.
“I’m heading home,” John announced, picking his coat up from where it was draped over a chair. “I need to call my sister, wish her a happy Christmas. Do a few things at home”
Sherlock pulled to the side of the road, shut off the engine, and stepped out of the car without a word. John sighed, watching him skip easily down the slope of the ditch and saunter toward the trees.
“Anthea,” John greeted the pretty brunette next to him, giving her a smile more cheerful than he really felt. “Just a beer day. I'll even buy you one.”
Sherlock reluctantly nodded again and picked up the mug of tea, holding it with two hands. Images from his strange dreams suddenly flashed past, unsettling him as he remembered how Victor had comforted him. Or had it been John?
It was relatively spacious: a small sitting area with a table, two chairs, sofa, television, and desk. He peeked into the bathroom -- toilet, sink, large glassed-in shower, all very sleek.
John is dozing in his chair, his stockinged feet stretched out to the evening fire. A book lays open in his lap, his tea going cold. He starts awake at an odd noise – the footsteps on the stairs are halting and heavy, causing John to rattle his cup into the saucer with a flash of dread.
John snapped a few shots -- the exterior of an old cafe, a theater marquee illuminated by hotly glowing lights, three girls giggling and taking a selfie in front of a poster for a Broadway show. He carried his Leica camera, light and small enough to be unobtrusive.
Sherlock pried one eye open, his face half buried in the pillow. The room was quiet but for a few birds chirping outside the window, the morning light casting deep shadows on the walls. He closed his eyes again, hanging on to the last dreamy moments of sleep. It took him a moment to remember where he was: hotel… London… John stirring next to him in bed.
“Oh, I agree.” Mycroft smoothed his silk tie. “But I believe even you can struggle by with fewer clothes.”
John leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms. “Let me guess. I’m sharing this office with them.”
He finds Sherlock’s mouth, kisses him deeply, backing him against the wall. He presses forward with his hips, suddenly raw and lustful, his pulse throbbing. He greedily drinks in Sherlock’s eager response, their hungry mouths insatiable, his fingers tangling into Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock’s immense hands grasp his arse, pulling him closer, hips flush, grinding.
John looked pointedly at Sherlock's mouth, letting his gaze wander down his body, feeling possessive. “I'm not sure she entirely succeeded.”
John glances at his hands. “You’re right. I was working in Greece. Before that, I was in Jordan, Syria, Pakistan… Been traveling around, volunteering with different medical aid organizations.”
John heard the double meaning in his words and reached across the table to cover Sherlock’s hand with his own. There would always be the risk of causing pain and being hurt again; no relationship was immune from that.
Sherlock. Where was he, anyway? John glanced at the time, calculating how long it would take to finish preparing everything. Well, he thought while searching through his music to find some Nina Simone, Sherlock would be sorry to miss this. He wasn't going to wait for him.
Feeling a bit provocative, Sherlock decided to tease John. “What I don't understand is how a debonair chap like you can know all about charm and seduction, and yet not know how to dance.”
Sherlock lifted his shoulders in an elegant shrug. “The manager offered several more days of accomodation at no cost. I don’t see why we shouldn’t make a little holiday out of it.”
Before that, a stint in the Army had stripped away any need for comfort. Pockmarked hotels, shabby guesthouses, and cheap bars were now his home. The saddest places in the world, really, filled with adrenaline-fueled journalists, jaded opportunists, and sleazy characters of all stripes.
John’s hips stutter, his fingers clutching Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock hears the change in his breathing, the low moan starting low in his throat that peaks with several short, violent thrusts, a warm spasm deep within, gradually ebbing, hips circling, long sighs, the weight of John’s body sinking over him.
The crinkle in Sherlock’s nose slowly unfurled as he absorbed the two words printed on the paper. His heart skipped a beat, his fingers quaking.
John’s response was just as urgent, his fingers digging into Sherlock’s waist, his tongue plundering his mouth. John pressed him against the rough tree trunk, his palm groping between Sherlock’s legs.
John’s neck hurt, a camera bag and a laptop satchel weighing down his shoulders, his left arm aching from pulling the wheeled suitcase behind him.
John woke hours later, momentarily at a loss. He quickly remembered and rolled over, wanting to touch Sherlock again. The bedsheets and pillow were rumpled, the bed empty. John's brows drew together in consternation, wondering if Sherlock climbing in bed next to him was just another dream.
His chest hurts, but it’s not from his injury. It’s heartache. He stands up, wanting to alleviate his pain. He goes to the shower in the adjoining bathroom. The lights aren’t working here either, but a faint glow from the fireplace filters into the room though the open door.
Sherlock shifted one hand to take over the stroking of his prick, the sound of their braces and belts jingling as they frantically rutted, the wooden table squeaking, their breathing punctuated with grunts.
I knew the outlines of that part -- his fake suicide and dramatic return still came up as a side note whenever he solved a particularly newsworthy case.
Maybe I was jumping to conclusions. They were best friends. Sherlock was grieving. Maybe the embrace in the hallway was so intense because of the funeral, the heaviness of death.
Sherlock went on. “It's not the first time I've thought about quitting. I'd really prefer not to make a fatal mistake at this point in my life.”
John looks up into Sherlock’s eyes, suddenly overflowing with gratitude for the simple pleasures of their quiet life together.
Sherlock climbs into bed, concentration written across his face. “The work in Croatia was fascinating. And Bart’s finally upgraded their electron microscope. God, that was long overdue.”
The contrast of hot mouth, wet tongue, and cool air playing against his taut skin was extraordinary. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered shut, his lips falling slightly open. It had been so long since anyone had touched him this way. For a moment, he felt 20 years old again, every sensation sending jolts through his system.
The afternoon passed in a blur of activity, ending with the setting of appointments for additional fittings. It was agreed that John's suit would be finished by the end of the week, given his upcoming departure. Sherlock could return later as needed.
John resurfaced to the present. There had been a few other fleeting encounters with men over the past years, always furtive, never lasting. It was curiosity, desire, playing with fire.
Sherlock had been quite content living without romantic or sexual entanglements (so messy and futile) — until the day John limped into the lab. John stirs up in him some sort of chemical reaction, a bubbling concoction of want and need, a heady, complex cocktail of filthy lust and pure affinity. It’s most unfortunate that John will never think of him in the same way.
He dropped the card on the table, noticing the graceful strength of Sherlock's fingers as he adjusted the dials of the microscope, the sharp jut of his shoulder blades through the dark blue shirt, the straining fabric of his trousers stretched over his muscular thighs.
“Yes, it is.” She tilted her chin up. “Ian is nice, but I've got my studies to concentrate on. Besides, he's not the one for me. I'm not planning to stay here the rest of my life.”
The hallway was quiet as John unlocked the door of his office. It was morning, still early enough that the building was empty, the campus barely stirring except for a few committed joggers and dog walkers.
Sometimes I’d stare at the wall covered with Sherlock’s case notes, a maze of clippings and photos and receipts and ticket stubs and maps, trying to decipher what he saw in all the mess.
“But bees make honey,” John pointed out lightly, intertwining their fingers, “and honey is sweet.” He leaned forward, placing a tender kiss at the corner of Sherlock's mouth. “I’ll take the risk if you will.”
Things soon fell into place; Dad published the first book of cases, Sherlock brought home a dog unannounced, and they quickly figured out how to live together again.
The evening swirled on with dinner. John was seated across from Sherlock, their eyes occasionally lingering over the candle, their feet briefly caressing under the table between courses.
“I think I know three people whose parents aren’t divorced,” I announced, switching to a fork to scoop up my food. “So why even bother getting married?”
John cradles his cheek, time standing still, their touch a conversation. The messages passing between their skin elude direct translation; the impressions are swirling: raw, delicate, fiery, soft, yearning, claiming.
“l'll just… go wash up,” John says, grabbing his bag and plucking up a candle. He retreats to the bathroom, brushes his teeth, slips on pajama bottoms and an old t-shirt.
“Uh, yeah,” John smiles as he wheels the shorter skeleton out of the storage room, following Molly as she pushes the taller one. Sherlock walks beside John, and they share another meaningful look.
He should go. This would be a mistake, trying to salvage a remnant of friendship from their past. Sherlock had made it clear long ago that he wanted nothing to do with him. And John didn't blame him.
He’d gotten up to use the bathroom, the room dark, and while stumbling back to bed two arms wrapped around his waist, propelling him back against the wall. Sherlock was kissing his mouth, along his throat, hands stroking his chest, down his stomach, up his thighs, guiding him to the desk under the window that looked out over the courtyard.
I had my ass grabbed countless times and got robbed twice and food poisoning four times, but I never had to punch, suture, or shoot anyone. By the time I returned home the following summer, I was sunburned, wiry, and ready to go back to school.
“I was a drunk,” she told me plainly when I asked her why she and Dad had fallen out. “I wasn't a very happy person back then. I made everyone else miserable, too.
John closed his eyes, streams of water running down his arms and torso, winding down his thighs and calves, pooling over his feet. For a moment, he could indulge in the fantasy that the sensations were long fingers playing over his body, soft caresses. His hand drifted to his cock, curled around the shaft, stroking experimentally a few times.
Subdued, Sherlock looked to where John had disappeared into the trees. Perhaps he should apply his father's advice to other situations as well.
“Move a little closer, please,” she directed John. “Put your hand on top of the chair, just like that. Oh, you both look so handsome. And hold that--” the shutter clicked. “Perfect.”
The train swayed, slowing as it clacked and clattered along the switches that led into the station. John looked across at Sherlock, sharing a private glance charged with anticipation. They were finally arriving in London.
Lying on his back again, he guided Sherlock between his thighs, anticipation making his blood sing, his hard prick standing at attention.
that someone had left on a chair. The first thing he always checked were the names of the photographers under the photos, then he dove into the news.
John teased Sherlock with his mouth, licking a stripe up the underside of his shaft, tasting the tang of hot skin. A tremulous drop, translucent, welled from the slit and John licked it away with a glide of his tongue, causing Sherlock to inhale sharply through his nose.
The answer comes in the form of a door swinging open. He moves toward it, then sees that it leads into a butler’s pantry. He steps inside the narrow room lined with cupboards and wooden shelves and drawers, the small window set high up in the wall letting in weak light. It smells of beeswax and silver polish, reminding him of his grandmother’s house. The door closes with a click.
“I am happy. You make me happy,” Sherlock replies, thinking that he might burst from the flood of sentiment coursing through his veins.
Without switching on the light, he took off his coat and scarf and crossed over to the window to stare down at the street lamps and a few students scurrying by. His eyes rose up to the rooftops and night sky.
“You and John have a special friendship,” she continued. She looked up at him with a direct gaze. “I'm happy you found each other again.”
Finally alone, John exhaled. He shifted in his seat, but found he couldn’t concentrate. The faint scent of Sherlock’s cologne lingered in the air, the room suddenly too quiet, too empty.
old,” Harry snapped back. “I mean, your dad just needs to figure out what he really wants, that’s all.”
Sherlock glances at John, the low light casting deep shadows over their faces. “So they can more easily seduce their prey.”
“No, I didn't think so.” John sits back in his chair, biting off any more words. He covers his mouth with one hand, avoiding eye contact with Sherlock.
John looked over her shoulder at a man and woman engaged in a heated exchange at a back table. Their voices raised as their hands flew in angry gestures.
John’s mouth curves up in an evil grin. “I know exactly what I’m doing.” He packs the snow in his hands even tighter, making sure the powdery ball will hold.
“No! I just brought him a cup of tea because he looked a bit peaky. This is his first year on the job, you know. He's never seen a dead body before, so I think he just needed to talk a bit.” She lifted down a cardboard box, then placed it on the second table. “I'm just good at listening, I guess.”
With fresh intent gleaming in his eyes, John pushed away from the sink, slowly propelling them in a rambling, soft-socked waltz toward the sitting room.
The day passed with painful slowness, Sherlock's mind spinning between Molly’s mysterious phone call and the thought of seeing John again, the tension putting him in a dangerously restless mood.
They stepped outside into the brisk evening, the street bustling with shoppers, trees wrapped in strands of sparkling lights, and store windows filled with colorful holiday displays.
Their gazes locked and they fell silent, a wisp of smoke rising between them. For the first time, Sherlock didn’t look away, searching John’s face, wondering if he felt the same attraction, the same urges that he did. Were John’s words and actions a sign? A proposition? Or was he simply being charming, flirtatious, teasing?
He certainly can’t look down at Rosie’s expectant face, her eyes probably big and pleading, her small hand wrapped around John’s fingers, bottom lip no doubt quivering.
“I came back, remember?” Victor’s fingers played in his hair, smoothing it back from his feverish forehead.
Dad curved a hand around the nape of Sherlock's neck and held him there, silent, pressed together, breathing in unison, taking refuge for a few minutes more.
“It’s delicious,” John praised. He lifted his coffee mug and took a sip, the sheet slipping from his forearm. Sherlock wanted to run his hand along the muscles of his arm, feel the soft golden hair under his fingertips.
I took a step forward, then hesitated, belatedly realizing I was interrupting something private. The movement was enough to catch their eyes and they both looked over at me. Dad withdrew his hand and straightened up in his chair.
The wind rattles the shutters outside the window and the flame in the fireplace gutters, nearly going out, darkening the room. A moment later, the captain vanishes.
He would miss him unbearably, Sherlock thought with a stab of pain, John's solid shoulders and thighs, the strong line of his jaw, his wry smile, his able hands, the weary but hopeful way he viewed the world, his sense of honor.
“Can't risk it getting washed away. We'll take it back with us.” Sherlock started to bend down to retrieve the wooden weapon.
Several heartbeats passed. Sherlock covered my dad's hand with his own and closed his eyes. He leaned down, resting his forehead against my dad's.
John was bored, nothing but American football on television. Yet another custom he didn’t understand, nor did he want to. On a whim, he decided to ride his bike over to Sherlock’s place to hand-deliver the draft. He had nothing else to do, and some exercise would be good. If Sherlock wasn’t home, he’d leave the manuscript in his mailbox.
Sherlock nudged his pelvis into John's arse, rolling his hips a few sleepy thrusts. The hint of hardness between his buttocks caused John's sluggish blood to heat, pooling in his groin. They were both too knackered to do anything about it, opting to slip into a partially aroused sleep, wound together.
“John,” Sherlock greeted him neutrally, selecting several red pens and notepads before closing the cabinet door.
Sherlock lingered for a moment, fiddling with the strap of his satchel. “My laptop died. Hard drive crashed. I need to do some work here.”
“Handsome fellow. Quite dashing in his uniform.” She studies the grainy images, then gasps, pointing at the group photo. “This one looks like you, don’t you think?”
John reached over and lifted the cigarette from between Sherlock’s fingers and put it to his lips, taking a long drag. The gesture implied a certain familiarity and ease that made Sherlock’s pulse race.
It was true, they barely knew anything about each other, but tonight that could change. Tonight, they could talk, they could linger and memorize details, and take it slow until they ran out of words.
“Wait --” Sherlock didn't want John to leave, but he didn't know how to continue. “I… I'd have some of Mrs. Hudson’s soup later, if you don't mind.”
“Hmm, maybe I'll have you from behind,” John mused, “or perhaps l’d like you on top of me, riding my cock like a stallion.”
Sherlock wanders back to the library, starting to tire from all the exertion. He’s about to settle back onto the couch when a gleam of light across the room catches his eye.
Sherlock could stay like this for hours, lounging in bed, soaking in the solid warmth of John's body and the sound of his soft breathing. This is exactly what Sherlock had hoped for, to be tucked away from the world with John in the cottage by the sea.
John saw a wolvish expression cross her face, her words dripping with innuendo. Was she implying —? John suddenly felt his face and neck flush and he quickly excused himself. He walked out onto the back porch, breathing in the cool evening air. He ran a hand through his hair, pushing it back from his forehead.
John runs a hand up Sherlock’s thigh, then gently nudges it to the side, fitting himself between Sherlock’s legs, the mattress dipping under his weight. Sherlock’s breath catches as John’s lips skim across his stomach, teasingly slow, his hand wrapping around the base of his erection.
It repelled Sherlock, imagining the surgery, treating piles and sewing sutures and examining wailing babies. The dead were much quieter, and much more interesting.
I furrowed my brow at him and he sighed again. “I'm not exactly a good influence, am I? Chasing after murderers and extortionists, making enemies, being a moody prick… Your dad needed to be with you, to concentrate on your well-being, not on cases or my fucked up life.” His voice was sharp, making me cringe. “We didn't want you embroiled in any of it -- the press, any sort of threat or retaliation -- so we kept it private, even from you.”
John sighed, missing the privacy of his own rooms and the anonymity of a city. Villages like this and where he had grown up were filled with busybodies and rumor mills, everyone nosing into everyone else's business. In public, he and Sherlock appeared to be good mates, nothing more -- and it had to stay looking that way to the outside world.
And yet there’s a wall between them, a line he’s terrified to cross. Beyond that line is a quagmire of emotions and desires that he’s afraid will drown him. It would frighten Sherlock away if he ever got close enough to peer into John’s eyes and see the truth.
They try each room, one of the last doors at the end of the hall finally opening. They stand shoulder to shoulder in the doorway, carefully surveying the room.
Caught off guard, John smiles wryly, wondering if it's some kind of joke. He tugs again, and Sherlock still doesn't release his grip.
“Is that -- did you just --?” he laughed, shaking his head in amazement as he perched at the end of the bed.
As I left the bathroom, I heard a gentle sigh in the bedroom next door, as if someone was rolling over to find a more comfortable position, nestling into the delicious softness of a pillow. There was a creak of bed frame, a low murmur. Silence. Another creak, another sigh.
He had the sudden urge to find his violin and tune it up, to cradle his chin against its body and run his fingers over the strings, music resonating through his bones.
“Good.” John kissed him, musky scented. “I want only you. No one else. But sometimes a pretty face makes me act like an idiot.”
Sherlock's grin broke into a smile, and John was suspended for a moment, stunned by the apparent cure of his leg and the pure beauty of Sherlock's expression. It was a genuine smile that reached Sherlock's eyes, sketching dimples and creases over his cheeks.
“He said all sorts of strange things happen — lights flickering out, doors shutting on their own, things going missing.”
Sherlock didn’t know how to answer, so he reached back to place his hand on John’s thigh. John pressed closer, his palm sliding down to cover Sherlock’s sternum.
Sherlock’s phone rings, ruining the moment, and he closes his eyes briefly in frustration. He snatches it from his inner pocket.
Instead, John withdrew his hand, sliding his palm up Sherlock's inner thigh and across his taut belly. He turned Sherlock, finding his mouth, holding his face in his hands. His skin was dewy, fragrant.
Sherlock unwinds the cotton towel. A few pieces of lint stick to his finger, but the bleeding has stopped. John reaches for the ointment.
Sherlock kissed John hungrily, waltzing them toward the case wall, his hands sliding down to John's belt buckle, the metal clasp  releasing with a soft jangle.
Sherlock ran a hand over his eyes. He couldn't sleep. As quietly as possible, he eased out of bed and stood near the open window, letting the faint breeze fan over his bare skin. He craved a cigarette but resisted, vaguely thinking he should cut back his smoking habit. He plucked up a blue dressing gown slung over a chair and slipped it on, tying it loosely at his waist.
Sherlock grabbed the rag and cleaned off his hand, then dabbed at his legs. John bent down and fished a handkerchief from his pocket. He wiped off his cock, then the table. They quickly dressed and stuffed the rag and hanky deep into a rubbish bin set near the door.
The nervousness grew. In the hotel room, he touched the black suitcase that belonged to Sherlock just to make sure it was real. He tugged slightly at the zipper, curious. It gave way a few inches, and John slipped a finger inside. Soft fabric, maybe a t-shirt. He suddenly felt guilty and pulled the zipper shut again.
Sherlock stares at the ceiling, afraid to move. He can feel John next to him, breathing softly, also on his back. A slight dip in the bed tilts their hips close together, mere inches apart.
John sags on top of Sherlock, out of breath, burying his face in his neck, nudging his cock against him a few times, working through the last shimmers of his orgasm. They remain tangled, panting, the embers shifting and settling in the grate.
Dimmock enters the room and nods at them both. “Afternoon. Thought I’d check in to see if you’ve noticed anything else unusual.”
The curves of John's bare back flashed in the sunlight as he bent over a fallen tree, his foot braced on the trunk, the saw in his left hand. The loops of his braces hung down from his trousers, his shirt discarded over a nearby lawn chair.
I wrapped my hands around the warm mug. I knew I was the reason he had stopped working with Sherlock. He had to, because my mother abandoned us when I was still a baby.
John basked in Sherlock's appreciative stare, then reached for the loop of chain around his neck. Might as well take everything off.
They talked at length, the conversation easy, ranging from childhoods and school days to politics and professors, parents and estranged siblings.
The fire is dancing in the grate, the fresh garland scents the room with pine, the glass of red wine has a satisfying finish, and he has the whole evening to himself. John relaxes in his chair, stretches out his legs, and sighs.
John is crouching by the fireplace about to add more wood. He straightens when he sees Sherlock’s wild expression and bare chest expanding with rapid breaths.
He pretended to read several pages of a book, the words a blur as he recited the periodic table of elements in his head, mathematical formulas, anything dry and logical to distract and redirect his thoughts away from sex.
They hunch into their coats against the January wind and start walking, their pace evenly matched. This is the way they’ll find their way back to each other, bit by bit, step by step, side by side.
“Got it!” Molly held up a red plaid blanket in triumph, then bustled back toward the dock, stooping to pick up a basket stuffed with food that she had left near her bicycle.
He hadn't known it would feel like that -- warm and soft and supple -- that every sense would be heightened, John smelling of soap, his hair still damp, the bees’ droning drowning out his racing heart. It stirred something in him, a longing to be kissed harder, to be touched in intimate places. He’d had a taste, and wanted more.
Confused, Sherlock exited from the passenger side. They crossed paths in front of the car, their arms brushing as they passed. The contact made them both pull back sharply, each pretending they hadn't noticed.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively. “Oh, I don't want any credit. It was just for my own satisfaction. Let Dimmock have this. Maybe he’ll get a promotion.”
John whistling up the stairs, biting through toast, tapping away on his laptop, asking the right questions to stimulate his mind, John glaring, laughing, swearing, smiling. John, who might not come back.
John smiled, drinking in the sight of Sherlock's face, tousled hair, and rumpled pyjamas. He traced his fingers down Sherlock's ribs, waiting for him to regain his stamina.
Sherlock sat down and crossed one leg over the other. He regarded John for a long moment, gauging his willingness to talk. Above them, the muffled shouts of a couple arguing filtered through the ceiling.
Sherlock felt the curve of John's smile in the next kiss as he worked open the button with nimble fingers. He was pleasantly jolted by the heat of John's lips pressing against the exposed triangle of skin on his chest.
He tries to picture what John is doing right now. Maybe heating up some beans and toast, maybe watching telly with his feet propped up on the coffee table, maybe washing a few dishes before heading upstairs for the night.
They take turns brushing their teeth and changing into soft pyjamas. Finally they come to a stop, the bed looming large in the room. It’s late and they’re both tired.
John’s eyes darken, one hand slides up Sherlock's side, skimming under his light blue T-shirt, a thumb passing over his nipple in return. There's no hiding Sherlock's reaction under the thin cotton pajama bottoms. John notices, thrums the sensitive flesh again, and moves closer. He guides Sherlock onto his back, pushes the shirt up Sherlock's torso, lowers his mouth to the neglected nipple on the right.
He had hoped the exercise would help clear his head, but it hadn’t. Instead, his mind wandered as he walked past elaborate Christmas window displays filled with fairy lights and idyllic winter scenes, lavishly decorated trees and sparkly snowflakes. How nice and cozy everything looked, a sugarplum dream spun for children.
He paused for a moment, assessing the room. Light from the street lamps below glowed through the three arched windows that lined one wall of the sitting room, long curtains hanging to the red wool rug. A sofa and low table lined another wall, a fireplace and ornately carved mantle opposite.
This went on for several more rounds, until Sherlock shifted onto his side and propped himself up on one elbow. “Tell me,” he extended a finger, touched it to the scar on John's shoulder, “about this.”
“I'm not sure. I've got to finish my book and keep working on some stories. If I don't get a grant, I'll have to apply for teaching jobs… I don’t know where I’ll end up.”
Sherlock swallows and pushes on, not wanting to lose momentum. “She's fine with it. She said not to worry about her.” He pauses again, steals another glance at John, and slows his pace. “She said she wants us to be happy,” he adds gently.
I knew his parents were gone, off to Paris for their anniversary or something. I invited myself over to his house.
Sherlock purposely buried himself in work the next few days, racing through all of the tasks his parents could find for him. Now at loose ends, he loitered in his mother's study, rearranging paper weights, fiddling with the stapler, and spinning the sepia-toned globe, desperate for something to occupy his mind.
The room is large, and Sherlock lets the candlelight play over the windows with heavy drapes, the unlit fireplace stacked with wood, a door leading to an adjoining bathroom.
They embraced, their first touch since their farewell in Rome. “Look at you.” John held him by the shoulders, gazing at his face.
They fuck, hands and mouths clinging and roaming and demanding, feeding off each other’s desire. For too long they were starving men, hungry and aching for touch. Now they are kings rich with intimacy, indulging in a succulent feast of flesh and pleasure.
“I hope to see you again soon,” he called as we tramped down the steps. From the corner of my eye I saw Dad turn and glance back up the stairs, his gait slowing to a halt.
Sherlock gazed back, wanting to remember exactly how John looked in the slanting light of the late afternoon.
It was ridiculous, the suggestion that he and Sherlock would ever have some sort of sexual relationship. He couldn’t even stand the arrogant bastard. Sure, he was incredibly good looking and his voice was like dark honey and he was brilliant, but there was no way that they’d ever hook up, not in a million years. Every time they were within 10 feet of each other they bickered. He was not interested in Sherlock. It was laughable. Hilarious, really.
He hadn't looked at them in a very long time. He wasn't sure if he wanted to do so now. He had locked that part of his life in the past, buried the pain, burned the letter that had come from John six months ago without reading it.
It's relaxed, the shedding of clothes, hands sliding over warm skin, smiles melding into kisses, whispers soft as the pillows on the welcoming bed.
“Wait here,” he murmurs, then pads through the room, checking the wardrobe, bed, anywhere a person could hide. He flicks aside the curtains to inspect the windows, and finds no sign of entry or exit.
John is pulled from his reverie. “Great. She's putting everything into her mouth these days. And she’s sleeping better, so… yeah, good.”
“It reminds me of my grandmother’s cottage. We used to visit her in the summer when I was a boy. She kept flowers and bees.”
“I'm doing it again. Sorry,” John apologized. He rubbed his forehead, looking sheepish. He smoothed his hair back again, and Sherlock catalogued the motion as a nervous habit.
“There.” John finishes with the bandage and takes his seat facing Sherlock. They each slide a mug closer, adding sugar and lemon.
Sherlock holds John’s gaze, the weight of John’s palm hot on his knee. “Oh.” The single syllable is all he can utter, and so he says it again as he drifts towards John, his eyes hopeful, his mouth warm and inviting, his breath laced with juniper and lime. “Ohh…”
Despite the cold twist in his stomach, John can't help but notice the woman is beautiful, her long neck plunging into a deep cut bodice that accentuates her full breasts.
“-- that we know what the other is thinking?” Sherlock finished. “Not really. We’ve lived together a long time.”
There is a swift blur of motion, and John suddenly finds himself staring up at the night sky, the breath knocked from his lungs.
John stood in the dusty light of the garage, suddenly struck with melancholy, already mourning the days that hadn't even passed yet. It would have been easier to find an uncomplicated girl for a few weeks of fun, then leave without a second thought. Instead, he'd found someone extraordinary -- and with whom there was no hope of a future.
John eagerly opened the note, then paused. “Black socks,” he read aloud. He glanced up. “That’s it?”
John sucked on the candy, idly noticing how cool his breath felt when he inhaled. He tried it again, breathing in deeper, the sudden peppery burn tickling his nose, almost making him sneeze.
He half-watches a crime show, the volume set at a low murmur. A key scraping in the lock rouses him when he's almost asleep.
“John,” Sherlock says his name with desperation. He can’t lose him, not after all they’ve been through, not after a century of waiting. “John -- I love you --” Sherlock clings tighter, refusing to let him go.
John switched on the torch, lighting their way in the encroaching dark. As they walked side-by-side, John felt invigorated, his senses heightened. They had just bested the police at solving a mystery.
They look at each other, and it sinks in, their sticky, rumpled clothes, messy hair, stubble-burned skin.
He stirred when he felt John nudge him, indicating that he should sit back against the driftwood where the blanket was spread out. He worked off his shoes and leaned back, stretching his legs alongside John's, warming his feet by the fire.
They gazed silently at the sweeping view of the valley below, green and gold pastures nestled together like quilt squares, hedge rows and sheep and glittering lakes dotting the surface.
John swallows, caught off guard, and struggles to remember what he knows about vampires. “Well, they’re creatures of the night, pale and elegant. They’re immortal, yet vulnerable to sunlight and wooden stakes through the heart.”
His shoulders sagged, deflated at the thought of leaving Baker Street. Everything was a mess. He and Sherlock had argued, this time more bitterly than ever. It was his own doing; he'd had enough of being insulted and ordered about like a lackey and had snapped. He couldn't remember what he’d said, exactly. Something about not being a dog to kick around, about Sherlock being an arrogant prick. That he never felt anything.
So much was familiar, the way their bodies slotted together, the scent of John's skin, but other aspects were new -- small surprises, some passionate, some playful, some rough, some tender. Coiled together, skin against skin, their hips began a slow rutting.
“Oh my God, you were fantastic,” Sarah laughed, touching his arm. “The other guy called your blog ‘warm paste for the masses,’ and you said his website was ‘boring cerebral masturbation that nobody wanted to read.’ That describes half the articles I have to review.”
“You'll find not much has changed,” she declared, casting a glance around the bedroom. “After you unpack your things, come down for tea. You're thin as a stick.”
At lunch, Maria had said he looked pale. Was he feeling well? Sherlock brushed away her concern. “I'm just tired.”
Intrigued, Sherlock leaves his work and glides up behind John, peering over his shoulder. Displayed on the screen is a photo -- a group of men, all shirtless and tanned, their legs covered in army fatigues and heavy boots. His eyes widen as he recognizes a younger John, his hair sun-bleached and cropped short, his arms looped behind the necks of fellow soldiers on either side of him.
He dropped his gaze back to the game, seeming lost for a moment, then pulled himself back together again. “Now, then, where were we?”
He could hear himself moan through the waves that pulsed through his body, was dimly aware of John kissing him on the neck, of warm come streaking his stomach.
Sherlock scoffs, pulling a tangle of Halloween decorations from the box. “You tricked me into coming here.”
“Yeah, since he's practically a doctor, I thought he'd be helpful.” The line was muffled for a moment, then Molly's voice came through clear again. “I have to go. See you tonight.”
Molly needed to be home in time for dinner, so they packed up the picnic basket, folded the blanket, and loaded Molly's bicycle into the back of the car. She climbed into the passenger seat beside Sherlock.
John grins, leaning down to kiss Sherlock again, tugging suggestively on his bottom lip. “I promise to feed you up,” he whispers, “with whatever you want.”
John dips his head down, nips at Sherlock’s lower lip, suckles it, releases it. “Tell me what you need,” John murmurs. He wants to hear him say it, wants that voice vibrating in his chest.
For any history buffs out there, I based John's injury on events that happened around 1930 in the North West Territory. I took a lot of liberties, but the British Army was building roads in that area and there were some skirmishes. I also looked at obituaries from the Times of India to figure out what Mary might have died of. Pneumonia actually caused quite a few deaths among younger people. I think I spend more time researching odd bits than writing!
When he finally arrived at Baker Street, the rain was lashing, soaking him to the bone. He hung his heavy coat in the entryway to dry, shivering as he mounted the stairs to the flat. To his surprise, the lights were on and the fire lit. Just as he turned to look for John, he appeared in the doorway.
Sherlock shifted his gaze to where Molly was standing by the sheet-covered table, a human form evident beneath the cloth. John slid from the stool and joined them, standing next to Molly.
It was the same every summer, and had been for each of Sherlock's 18 years. His parents, both successful novelists, led writing workshops in the sleepy Italian town where his mother’s family had roots. She had inherited her family’s villa, and now it was their annual summer destination and winter retreat. The perfect place for working holidays, his father always joked.
John waited uncertainly for Sherlock to say more, but he added nothing. John huffed out an uncomfortable laugh, rubbing his temple. “Look, this is extraordinary, don't you think? Meeting again like this?”
John clutched a wine glass, a smile plastered on his face as Mike introduced him to dozens of people he would never remember. He finally escaped to a corner near the kitchen, swallowing down the remainder of the Cabernet in his glass.
Sherlock looked at it for several long seconds. “Don’t post it on your blog. It’s too…” he trailed off.
He didn't understand his own contradictions, and maybe he never would. What the heart wanted could not be dissected and dispassionately examined under a microscope, neatly classified and catalogued. It was, to his chagrin, wildly beyond logic.
The only upside is John sleeping curled next to him. John must have finally fallen asleep after watching him like a hawk most of the night, worried about a possible concussion.
After an agonizing hour, John noticed Sherlock shutting down his computer and gathering his things. As he walked toward the door, the tense knots in John’s neck started to ease at the prospect of being alone again.
Mycroft smiled. “At least a week.” He passed a cup to John. “Has Sherlock told you we don't get along?”
“You mean the wife walked in on them in the garden shed?” John was giggling in that infectious way that made Sherlock grin.
After they'd cleaned up a bit, Sherlock led John to the library where they settled in for tea. Left alone at last, Sherlock slumped in his chair and stretched out his legs with a groan.
“Alright.” Sherlock didn't mind a bit of work outdoors. It would help him stay fit, since he wanted to try out boxing when he was back at uni. He would love to learn how to land a solid punch on several over-bred, weak-chinned faces he had in mind.
“Don't know,” Sherlock stood by the door, holding it open impatiently. “Perhaps if we ever got to the crime scene, I could answer that.”
Victor turned to look at him, then moved to the side of the bed. He trailed his fingers over Sherlock's cheek.
John smiled tightly. “Very good. The pain is all in my head, they tell me. But the bullet that went through my shoulder was real enough.”
Relief surges through Sherlock, followed by a pang of guilt for making John choose him over Olivia. It's a feeling he wrestles with often. Maybe he's a selfish bastard, but today he’ll take John’s offer. He squeezes John's hand. “Thank you.”
God, he was burning and shivering at the same time, the covers too heavy and too thin. The room seemed to tilt and list, and he closed his eyes to block it out.
“I don't think he's with the press corps,” John whispered to Anthea, his scalp tingling where he swore the man was staring at the back of his head.
Sherlock smiled, knowing he had the upper hand. He ran his palm down John's neck, dropping silky words near his ear.
John ate, teeth biting into sticky toast, jaws masticating, fingers curling around knife and fork. Sherlock gazed at him hungrily, wanting to pull John up from his chair and slide the sheet off one of his shoulders, letting it hang precariously, mysteries still partially veiled. One hip exposed, one sturdy thigh and ropy calf revealed, naked waist waiting for his palm to glide across and down, cupping one round, tight buttock.
John comes to say goodbye when Mrs. Hudson moves from her tidy flat on the ground floor to go live with her ailing sister.
He plodded up the stairs, exhausted, kicked off his shoes and peeled off his coat, tossing it carelessly over a chair. He headed straight to the sofa and fell onto it, curling up on his side so his knees jutted into the back cushions.
“He didn't make it. He lost too much blood.” John rubbed his palm along his thigh, agitated. “I couldn't save him, either.” His mouth twisted in a bitter smile. “So maybe it's all for the best that I can't control the tremor in my hand or the pain in my leg. I’m not fit to be a doctor.”
I threw my backpack over my shoulder and walked toward the house along a flagstone path. The door opened before I even reached the steps.
John began walking toward Sherlock, drawn like a magnet, disregarding his own inner cautions and an occasional bee that droned past him. Sherlock had just replaced the cover of the hive, the bees still lulled by the smoke, and looked up, surprise evident in his eyes even behind the veil.
They stood huddled in the recess of the doorway, waiting, rocking on their heels. John felt slightly annoyed, cold, and hungry. Glancing over at Sherlock, he could clearly see the spark of anticipation in his eyes. “You really love this, don't you?” John asked, genuinely amazed.
John finished his coffee and set his mug aside, making a quick side trip to the bathroom. When he returned to bed, he was seized with the urge to slide his hands past the fabric that gaped open at Sherlock’s chest, wanting to trace every muscle and bone with his fingers and mouth.
He shrugged off his jacket and loosened his tie, stripping it roughly from his neck, throwing them in a bundle into the back seat. Undoing the top button of his shirt, he started the car, his nerves jangling with excitement. The night ahead was full of unknowns, and he was ready to be swept along wherever they took him.
John stands at the foot of the bed, noting the pleasant warmth of the fire. He hesitates, not quite sure how to navigate the sleeping arrangements.
John stops, out of breath, the light flickering like a candle, the air heavy as velvet. Their bodies are canted toward each other, their gazes locked, their cheeks flushed. Time seems to bend, place shifts, softening Sherlock’s usual rigid self-control. John’s erotic descriptions have stoked a strange heat that spreads through his core, fogging his brain.
Sherlock was hazily aware of John's fingers trailing down his neck, coming to a rest on the top button of his shirt. God, he wanted him to slip it through its hole, to undo them all and skim his hands down his chest.
He lifted Sherlock's injured hand, kissing each knuckle lightly, catching a wisp of lavender fading from his skin. Wanting to hear Sherlock's voice, low and sleepy, he asked an unimportant question. “What’s the Latin name for lavender?”
Silent, he traces his hand over Sherlock’s shoulder, down to the bullet scar on his chest. He’s afraid, he realizes, of breaking some spell, of bringing down the wall that separates their two worlds, unleashing a flood that might drown them all.
John nearly jumped out of his chair at the sound of Sherlock's actual voice, the gloves still on his hands. Sherlock was looking at him with mild amusement.
Everyone knew about Donovan and Anderson's on-again, off-again affair and their constant bickering. They worked as a team; Donovan the reporter, Anderson the cameraman. Professionalism didn't always win out after a day of dodging rocks and tear gas.
Sherlock took a deep pull from his cigarette and exhaled the smoke in a long stream. He flicked ash to the side. “I'm thinking of retiring.”
He spent a few hours clearing more brush from the orchard, returning inside for lunch and a quick shower and shave before heading out on the errands. He scrutinized his face in the steamy bathroom mirror and slicked his hair back, ran a hand over his jaw.
“You remember all that,” John teased gently, “but I bet you didn't know that today was the winter solstice.”
John swallowed his words, remembering the unsparing details Sherlock had noticed about him at the beginning of the summer.
Sherlock hung at the back of the room, watching his parents, Uncle Rudy, and several neighbors chatting over food and drinks, the fireplace burning, the tree decked in garland.
John grasped Sherlock’s wrist, holding him back. “I want to. I want to have you in me, have every atom of this summer on my tongue, in my body.”
“C’mon, it’s your birthday.” He taps thick-fingered at the screen. “I downloaded this app. It’s like, you know, a question game.”
John walked quickly, angry and embarrassed at his own behavior. He shouldn't have pried when Sherlock was clearly uncomfortable. And Jesus, he had blurted out that thing about his face…
Sherlock doesn't know what to say, so he stumbles through a few words. “What you describe… I don't -- “ he pauses, not wanting to hurt John. “I can't understand it the way you do. I believe in science and logic and evidence -- I can't accept the existence of the supernatural.”
“Well, shit,” John managed to say, breaking the awkward tension, his palms relaxing against Sherlock's shoulders, not sure if he should let go. He couldn't quite stop looking at the pinked skin around Sherlock's mouth, burned from his own rough stubble.
Sherlock found himself leaving his balcony door ajar in the sultry afternoons and at night, hoping John would understand the silent invitation to slip into his bedroom unannounced, to join him in bed, to take him, completely and willingly, however he wanted.
John soon comes into the bedroom with a mug of tea for Sherlock as he's pulling on a fresh shirt. John sets the mug down and comes to Sherlock, lays his palms on his bare chest.
They still have not looked each other in the eye. John walks the few steps to the bathroom and fetches Sherlock’s dressing gown. He returns, draping it around Sherlock’s shoulders, his hands lingering on the lapels. Their gazes finally meet.
The crooked smile again, but this time triumphant. John complies, lowering his head, taking him in, and slides down, down, then pulls up, slow, slow.
“John Watson,” Sherlock finishes for him, folding his hand around John’s. The contact with his skin sends a current through his body, his knees going weak. He struggles to keep his composure. Oh God, it’s John. His John, he’s sure of it.
“The rent’s due first day of the month. No smoking inside, or if you must sneak one, do it by an open window. No parties -- unless you invite me, of course,” she winked, surprising John again. “I don't mind if you have overnight visitors, if you know what I mean. That's not my business. Live and let live, I say. Oh, and no pets, they make me sneeze.” She tapped her chin. “Let’s see. Did I forget anything?”
“I think you're right,” Anthea whispered back. “Did you see his hands? They look positively lethal.”
Mycroft remained standing, examining the cigarette more than inhaling it. “Interesting fellow, your friend Watson.”
Tomorrow they would depart, their train leaving in a matter of hours. Back to their families, back to all the expectations laid out for them, back to the paths they had chosen.
Now they lay in Sherlock's bed, sated, tired but not sleeping. John let the moment surround him, soaking in the warm, tangled sheets, the scents of spice and sweet and sex, the hiss of sleet against the window panes. There was nowhere he'd rather be.
As he neared the door, he could hear Sherlock's voice, then saw that he was on the telephone, standing near the window.
“Mummy agrees,” Mycroft explained patiently. “She's looked at the numbers as well, and we all must tighten our belts. You’ll simply have to make do with a smaller allowance from now on.”
As Sherlock waited, his attention was gradually captured by a couple sitting near the window. He noted the close angles of their bodies, the almost-touch of their hands on the table, their gazes holding and breaking, the faint color rising on their cheeks. Sherlock could feel it across the room, the electricity of their attraction to each other.
“It's a bit like a museum, isn't it?” Mrs. Hudson ventured. “The gentleman who lives here is, er--” she paused, searching diplomatically for the right phrase, “a free thinker.”
He spots Mycroft in a leather wingback chair. He stands in front of his brother until the newspaper is lowered with mild annoyance. Mycroft’s expression quickly changes, and Sherlock knows the two words clicking together in his mind:
Sherlock grips his fingers into the tiles, the flicker of John’s tongue sending flashes of pleasure to his brain. He soon forgets his surroundings, consumed by licks and swirls, decadently slow, warm, and wet.
John comes up behind him, links his arms around Sherlock's waist, breathes in his scent. Traces of smoke, rain, wool, cologne. Sherlock turns in John's arms, bending down for a proper greeting.
Sherlock stops listening, the conversation boring. He tunes them out, jostled back only when he hears Molly laughing. Oh god, even with his back turned, he can tell they’re flirting.
He knew he was guilty of the same thing, writing with brevity in an artificially chipper tone, omitting his exhaustion, his doubts, his occasional homesickness. The constraints under which they wrote were prohibitive, but they could have shared other aspects of their lives.
“No, most are private clients. I have a website. People contact me, and I decide whether or not I’ll take their case. I’ll often meet with potential clients right here.”
he finished silently. He felt foolish, not wanting to admit that he was jealous of a piece of stationary. “And nothing.”
He pries his eyes open with difficulty, then pauses, squints, and spirals into confusion. This is not his bedroom. The walls are white, the bed too narrow, a boxy machine off to his side chirping steadily. He struggles to lift his head, a tangle of tubes and wires affixed to his body restricting his motion. A sudden bolt of pain shoots through his chest, causing him to gasp, knocking him back into his pillows. He grimaces, a rush of panic flooding his gut. Something is very, very wrong.
Caught off guard, Sherlock feels heat blooming up his neck to his cheeks. The mere mention of his bedroom brings back a rush of memories, of all the things he and John did in bed at the safe house, of all the things he and this John could do… He points down the short hallway at the closed door. “Loo’s on the left,” he adds like an idiot.
Had Sherlock been sending signals all along, trying to nudge him with hint after hint, only to be met with utter cluelessness?
John sat on a wooden chair near the door, remaining at a distance as if not wanting to intrude. Sherlock began playing, focusing only on the music, not John’s rapt expression, not his hands resting on his knees, not his red bathing trunks and loose white shirt.
“Same place that the wool scarf in the box came from. It was merino wool. I’ll wager he recently returned from a trip to Australia.”
He unzips his coat and is slipping off his shoes when the flicker of the fire catches his eye. He squints at it, sure that he hadn’t left it going when he rushed out earlier. He glances at the back of the door and is surprised to see Sherlock’s long coat hanging on its hook.
John, wounded but stubbornly proud, his eyes older than his years, his hair hinting at silver at the temples, his face rugged and more handsome with the passing years.
“How am I supposed to do that?” Sherlock slumped in his chair. He rarely paid attention to money. The fees he charged for his consulting services were an afterthought, his banking habits a hasty series of deposits and withdrawals that he never really bothered to track. He was simply used to having ample funds.
“We’ll send you back to uni with several jars,” Mr. Holmes promised, fitting the lid back on. “It'll be nice to have with tea on a rainy autumn day. Brings back a little of the summer.”
The corner of John's mouth lifted in recognition, and he spread his palms possessively over the firm pectorals, the dark pink nipples rising under the pads of his index fingers.
The table shifted slightly and John opened his eyes, annoyed at the disturbance. To his surprise, Sherlock had slipped into the opposite chair. John let the book close, folding his hands together, waiting as Sherlock flicked his eyes over the various texts and papers on the table.
Sherlock had been stopping by around ten o’clock the last few days, so John decided to surprise him with a latte this morning.
“Sleep will do you wonders.” She pats his arm again. “And don’t hesitate to call if you need anything.” She packs up her things, then turns to leave. “Oh, nice that you’ve got a fire going. That’ll take the chill off.”
Sherlock dropped his arm back to his side, blindsided, unable to utter any of the things he desperately wanted to stay. “Fine,” he gritted, his tone icy. He could barely spit the words out. “Goodbye, John.”
Sherlock knows he's not just talking about being discreet. This goes to the heart of it -- the pain he caused all those years ago. The lies. The disappearing without a trace.
John could not touch enough of Sherlock’s skin, could not satiate his need to hold and caress him, could not get his fill of roaming lips and damp hair, legs skimming across each other, arms and elbows adjusting as they rolled in the bed. He moaned when Sherlock’s fingers wound around his cock, stroking and teasing him until he was achingly hard.
Jesus, he had to stop this obsession. John walked quickly to his chair and sat down, glad his back was to the kitchen so that Sherlock was not in his line of sight. He was smitten, enamored, aching. If only he had the courage to tell Sherlock how he felt, if he could just touch him, taste those perfect lips just once -- if only he could find the words.
“Um, no, nothing above a four.” Sherlock was not exactly telling the truth. He'd been picking easy cases on purpose lately, mostly business and family matters that could be wrapped up in a timely manner and have him home in time for dinner when he knew John would be cooking. He would choose something more interesting soon. But this -- he took a bite, letting the capsaicin heat burn his tongue and flush his cheeks -- was intriguing enough at the moment.
“Good, good,” he clapped a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “By the end of the summer we’ll have our own honey. The sweetness makes the smoke and stings worthwhile.”
“You gave Dr. Watson here such a fright,” she chided the man in the dark coat. “You said you were going to be out late.” She glanced up, pausing, the strained silence intensifying. “Why, you both look like you've seen a ghost. Sherlock, what's going on?”
It combusted in the elevator, the pressure that had been building up between them all evening, their skin burning at the slightest touch, their thoughts turning molten with every glance.
“We were very close.” Sherlock didn’t know why, but he felt like telling John the truth. “More than just friends.”
He folded the letter with stiff fingers and placed it back into the envelope, telling himself that it didn't necessarily mean anything.
John smiled in return, leaning in to cover Sherlock's lips with his own. “We’re not leaving this bed today,” he said between kisses. “No cases. No clients. No telephone calls.”
“I was just leaving,” Sherlock cut him off. “Loads of work to do. You two stay.” He slid from the booth and quickly donned his long black coat, throwing a few bills on the table. “Have a round on me.”
“Right,” John eventually says, then looks at the stairs leading up to the next floor. “I’ll go have a look upstairs, if you don’t mind.”
Sherlock touched the back of his head as if self-conscious. “Yes, well, bit shorter than I asked for.”
After a long pause, he scrubs the letters away, cleaning the window. He has a job to do. He needs to see the world clearly.
John tries to speak, tries to push out the words, but fails. He pleads with his eyes, hoping Sherlock can read his intentions.
John’s mouth involuntarily curved into smile. “I know the feeling.” He took a tentative step forward, drawn to Sherlock, not knowing if he should go any closer.
“Follow me.” Molly led the way down a hallway to a set of stairs. They passed a service elevator along the way -- it was more than big enough for a coffin, Sherlock noted.
John did not want to end up like that bitter, broken man. He would do better than his father. He'd tame his wild streak and master his baser impulses. He'd become an officer and return a successful, accomplished doctor.
He glanced up at the bar. No one had moved, no one was looking. Had a minute passed yet? He shifted, his cock still firm. God, this was agony. He counted to 30 slowly, then rose as casually as possible, trying to cover the slight bulge in his trousers with a well-placed but not-too-obvious hand.
His hand dropped away and he slid deeper into the tub, submerging his body, the water lapping at his earlobes, saturating the hair at his nape.
Somehow John’s life has become intertwined with his own in so many little ways that he can’t imagine going through a day without him. The clicking of John’s keyboard, the sound of his shower running, his skeptical looks or gushes of praise, his knitted jumpers, the glint of his gun, his courage and dry humor… his thoughtfulness in bringing him his favorite cake tonight. He wouldn’t want to be with anyone else on his birthday. He wouldn’t want to live with anyone else. If only he could tell him.
John led him to the sofa and sank down into the corner, pulling Sherlock after him. “Lie down,” John murmured, placing a pillow across his lap. “Let's just enjoy the fire.”
“It's coming along very nicely,” Mr. Holmes said with satisfaction. “See how much they’ve capped off here?” He pointed to an area where the geometric cells filled with nectar were each neatly sealed with a cap of wax. “Once they’re about 80 percent capped, we can begin harvesting. We should be able to have a taste before you go back to uni.”
friends,” Sherlock challenged, taking the cigarette back, secretly relishing the moment his lips touched the moist end where John’s mouth had been seconds ago.
Later, Sherlock dreams of a foggy London street illuminated by gas lamps, the clopping of horse hooves on cobblestones, a glimpse of John’s profile as they ride together in a Hansom cab. When he wakes he’s disoriented, needing several minutes to stitch together where he is.
“Because Kenneth Stubbingwicke is an idiot!” the detective exploded, leaning way forward over the image on the screen. “I mean, an idiot compared to most people. Just look at his hair! It’s unlikely the man could’ve learned to tie his own shoes without a private tutor.”
Which explained why John wouldn’t let himself sleep, either. Sherlock needed him. Wherever his mad flatmate was, John was his only real hope of getting home again. Of course there was always the chance Sherlock would escape, but John didn’t think it would pan out. The detective was certainly clever enough to get out of any scrape, but he was too stubborn to try. If his friend’s near-suicide with the cabbie didn’t point that out, nothing did. No, Sherlock would stubbornly try to work his way through whatever hell he found himself in, with no thought of self-preservation. Which is why, if his flatmate were to survive the ordeal, it would have to be due to John’s interference.
Unpacking his things didn’t take John much longer than packing them had. The room was small, and all of the furniture aside from the hospital bed that dominated the room had almost definitely been donated after seeing multiple owners. There was a long, beaten-up-looking couch, a low coffee table, a lumpy armchair, a chest of drawers, a small bed and nightstand, and a desk. Or, at least, what John thought was a desk. It was rather difficult to tell, seeing as the thing was entirely covered with what looked like the contents of half the facility’s hazardous material disposal bins. Petri dishes, pipettes, beakers, a microscope, several bottles of household and industrial-grade cleaning product, and at least one Bunsen burner all stood haphazardly on book pedestals, surrounded by slides, pamphlets, more books, assorted papers (some pinned in place by a knife), and a human skull.
“You don’t usually consider someone missing until a few days have gone bye,” added Sergeant Donovan. “Why are we even investigating this yet?”  She turned to Lestrade. “It’s not like the freak would do us any favors.”
Just then, Sherlock twitched and started to shiver. John’s eyes widened in excitement before he realized that the movement wasn’t voluntary; rather, it reminded John of his childhood dog having a nightmare.
John thought that a case was more likely, as no one else would be in the mortuary after six and Sherlock had lost privileges to be there alone after his experiments with “exploding casket syndrome.” So, he got out his cell phone and pushed the speed dial for Detective Inspector Lestrade.
John knew that this was about the highest praise the self-proclaimed sociopath could give, and felt something in himself glow accordingly.
John looked around the hastily-cleared dining room table. Detective Inspector Lestrade, now seated on his right, had come over straight away. John had been slightly disappointed to see that Lestrade had brought Sergeant Sally Donovan and Forensic Investigator Anderson, two of his extremely frustrating subordinates who certainly had no love for Sherlock, along with him. John had been about to say something when the Detective Inspector explained his reasoning.
“I know you can’t type yet. But if you could just, I don’t know, tap the right key? I might be able to get some idea of what you’re trying to say.”
Wilkes went on. “Molly here is one of our best volunteer IPs. This is, what, your fourth round here?”
“Fine,” the interviewer sighed. “I’d hoped we could leave the messy side of things until later, but if you insist on knowing exactly why we want you . . . ” He rose from his indulgent leather desk chair and, motioning for John to follow, left the room.
As far as Sherlock had deduced, he had minimal control over some muscles, just not the ones that mattered. He could move his facial features without much concentration, and even twitch fingers and toes with some effort, but the rest was practically useless. All his gravity-fighting muscles, the arms, legs, neck and whatnot, were utterly beyond the detective's control. He couldn't even open his eyes.
Just then, the strip under the door became blindingly bright. Sherlock Holmes screwed his eyes shut again, marveling at how even normal illumination affected his dark-adapted eyes. Something interesting to note, might be useful in the future. For the present, squeeze eyes shut to minimize impact when the door is opened.
And the doctor wasn’t entirely positive, but he thought he saw a confused, but pleased expression cross the face of his enigmatic patient.
Sherlock gave a put-upon sigh and shrugged off the shock blanket. He seemed to have forgotten about the juice.
Sherlock gave an approximation of a horizontal shrug, then turned his head away from John. He looked uncomfortable, but seemed to be trying to hide it from the doctor, or at least get John to stop trying to figure out what it was.
Dr. Watson rushed to his best friend, gripping his shoulders with more than professional concern. “Are you alright?” he demanded.
Sherlock was still shaking, but no longer trying to hide it. He’d unfolded a little, let himself lean heavily on John. The detective twitched his fingers against the doctor’s leg.
“Didn’t get it from here,” Sherlock droned from his position, draped over the couch. It seemed that even with his eyes closed he could tell what John was looking at, and thinking.
“How do we even know he’s missing?” asked Anderson, jumping on the bandwagon with altogether too much enthusiasm. “This would probably be his idea of some sort of joke!”
It was cruel, and John ached for his flatmate. But Lestrade, sensing the turn John’s thoughts had taken, dissuaded him from taking his illegal Browning to the streets.
It was precisely these instincts that set off alarm bells when the phone outside the door John was passing started to ring. It wouldn’t have been strange, except that it was the third hall phone to go off precisely as John passed it, and each time it had stopped ringing as soon as the doctor got a few feet away. A technician had tried to answer the second one, but it had stopped as soon as her hand got near.
Sherlock half-returned it, and they sat in companionable silence for a few moments, watching the buzzing about of secret service agents the way some people watch snow fall.
“Well, it’s not stolen yet. I’m on it though. Although if I’m too out of it, you may have to steal the thing yourself. It’s not hard, just pickpocket Wilkes next time he comes down here showing off to someone.”
John spluttered for a minute, the sight before him as terrifying as it was incongruous. Why was Moriarty strapped to a bomb? Well, probably because he wanted to be, considering the way he was grinning.
John caught sight of a shock of dark hair just as he pushed open the double-doors to the morgue. “What are you doing down here?” he shouted, still high on adrenaline from his run down the stairs.
Lestrade barked an unamused laugh after John’s finished. “You’re nuts, John. Idiotic. That’s silly. Go out and say sorry to poor Sherlock. Did you seriously believe in that non-sense?”
Greg did not notice. He carried on talking about his day with Mycroft. “You know what? Mikey is so rich his house is about twenty times bigger than ours!” “I can’t believe there’re actually still people at this age who keeps a pocket watch! Well, Mikey does!”
Sherlock, petrified by John’s threat, reluctantly took the whip and walked towards John. His hands were shaking, and so were his legs. “John, I am so sorry.” Something wet rolled along his face and Sherlock realized by surprise that they were tears. Tears? He hadn’t cried once ever since he was five, after Victor Trevor died.
Moriarty took a revolver from his back pocket and aimed it at John. But he said, “Oh I should have known better…” and aimed it at Sherlock instead. “Put the gun down.”
Greg became a police officer, and John became a doctor. Both were not wealthy men, so they shared a flat. A week later, a man in an expensive-looking suit called on.
He had heard the gunshots outside. And his great mind had not failed him. The great detective had deduced everything.
I regretted hurting him, I only cared about my pride, and I failed to nothing how much he loved me, and, being an emotional person, he could not bear my unkind remarks about him. All those pained whispers, they were his way of begging for forgiveness, and saying goodbye to me one last time. His redden eyes were his thirst for me. He begged me to forgive him, and begged me to understand him, but I didn’t. I turned away.
John went out, seeing Sherlock crying on the sofa, and he felt a searing pain in his chest. “Sher…Sherlock…”John said softly.
“Oh, wow!” Moriarty clapped his hands in fake amazement. “There’s the little soldier boy!” He snapped his fingers and motioned for everyone to put their guns down.
So, he would like laughter around him, therefore I could not cry in front of him. I did not want to make his burden heavier. I didn’t want him to think that he had broken my heart. I patted his gravestone, just as how I patted his shoulders when we solved a crime together in the past. In the best of times.
“Once I’ve ensured that you are cooperative, I’ll send him away. Dump him in a waste bin or on the road, whatever.” Moriarty waved his hands, getting excited.
Sherlock’s own cold voice rang in his head. “Alone protects me.” He once said. That was true, he was weird, he was strange. Being alone made him untouchable. He was a ghost, no sentiment, no attachment, whatsoever. No one could hurt him when he was invisible.
“I am trying to tell you that, do not play with your life. Please. We can’t lose you. The world can’t lose you.
John was disgusted. Pirates did not deserve to have manners. And he certainly would not shake that filthy hand. John ignored the outstretched hand before him, and looked sideways.
I suppose that because of me, his life becomes a much happier one. Well, he’s got a lot to thank me. For buying
. But he did not mind. He did not mind at all. If Sherlock died, he might as well die with him. He could not live alone. Not when his love of his life died a painful death.
They returned to 221B after a case. This case was a really hard one. Sherlock had not eaten or slept for three days. He didn’t even change his clothes before he fell asleep on the sofa. John wasn’t particularly tired, so he decided to sit and watch the telly.
After a truly embarrassing stare that lasted for almost a minute, he got up, and dragged me along by my coat collar. I was stumbling on the outstretched legs of the people at the cinema, but John looked so angry so I dared not make a sound.
His trench coat was soaked red, and he was lying unconscious. I rushed towards him, yelling, crying, and I felt very bad. I was so mean when I said those words to him. I was so mean to leave him in that cinema hall.
“One more miracle, Sherlock, for me, don’t be dead. Would you do this just for me? Just stop it, stop this.” I almost cried. But in fact I didn’t. I didn’t want him to see my all sad and lonely, because I know, I know he would be unhappy down there if I was not happy. I forced a smile.
They are at their little Baker Street flat. Sherlock is shuffling around, looking for something anxiously. John watches him, amused.
Sherlock quickly retrieved his hand from John’s cheek and stood up. “Eh, eh, I… I didn’t know you were awake. I… I shouldn’t have touched you… I… I’ll go now. I… am trying to… know if you’re… alright… I’ll leave now.”
That woman was called to Mycroft’s office to report John’s daily schedules. John was such a regular little man, never changing his habits. Monday, lunch at Macy’s. Tuesday, dinner at Jim’s. Wednesday, little break at the library. So predictable.
Mary was sitting face to face with me, and there was also a candle between us. It was a romantic night. Our first date! Looking at her blue, glittering eyes, I felt secured. That was a feeling I had not felt in ages, not during the war, and of course not when dealing with dangerous criminals with Sherlock.
“Well… I’ll be at Scotland Yard to sort out a case. Will be back for dinner. Bye.” With that Sherlock leaves. Five minutes later he is fully dressed and leaves the flat.
“And suddenly the work doesn’t seem to matter as much. You have got a new hobby. However, you know, as a
A month before that fateful day on which he took his life, when he was still with me, I woke up one day as usual, much earlier than Sherlock. And at eleven, the alarm went off and I knocked on his bedroom door. With no response, I kicked it open, and said, “Wake up, Sherlock, it’s eleven.”
I got so annoyed and I turned around to confront him. And then I saw it. I saw him. It was a clever disguise, but, I knew it was him. I just knew it. Still that cold, all-knowing look, but there was misery and loneliness on his face. I was shocked, and my mind went blank. I didn’t know what I was doing when I dragged him out. All I was thinking about was how unfair life was. Two years he had let me grieve for him, worry about him, care about him, miss him, and love him. Now he suddenly popped out alive, like nothing had happened. And he did not even try to make contact with me. He had no idea how painful these years had been to me. He had no idea.
“Beep beep!” Went my alarm. “Eleven o’ clock, time to wake Sherlock.” The words blinked on my phone screen. In these two years, I had not changed anything. Not even the hundreds of alarms that I set up just for my annoying flat mate.
Behind him were Mycroft’s super minions team. They were planning to attack Moriarty and his men while John was diverting their attention. And for diversion, John thought, meant more
“What are you doing here?” John asked with a snort. “Shouldn’t you be out there mingling with your disgusting friends?”
Mycroft seemed calm when I phoned him. Had he expected my call? I just hate the thought so much that he could really see through me. He knew my feelings and he knew what I’d be doing. It was annoying to have such a brother, but it was not always a bad thing.
John walked on the street, balancing difficultly on his walking stick. Each step torn open his old wounds and he didn’t mind. He could endure
I was sinking in a pool of sadness. I felt the hot tears rolling down my cheeks. It was an emotion I so rarely feel.
It was a cycle. John met someone. Went on well. Did something unforgivably cruel. Broke up. Found someone. And all over again.
Now was the time that my homeless network became really great use to me. The photographs taken by them was pinned all over the wall of my flat. That woman he was dating was everywhere in the room. I could almost stare into her large blue eyes when I was lying on the sofa.
Following closely, was Sherlock Holmes, the arch enemy of the professor. For all the troubles and hardships the professor suffered because of the Holmes brothers, a sense of disgust rushed into Moran’s mind.
He was dragged onto the deck of the pirate boat. He stood unyieldingly, but a kick on his knee cap soon brought him to kneel. There he saw its captain standing arrogantly. He was younger than John imagined. The pirate captain was around 30 years of age, and looked bright.
It’s not like he’s missing Sherlock. “There’s no way I’ll be missing that crazy man.” He said to himself. “Think about Greg. Think about Greg.” But all that came into his mind was the tall, slim figure, those curls, that coat that’s flapping.
Moriarty eyed John, raising his brows and said mockingly, “Always the brave little soldier boy.” He approached, his fingertips clutching John’s chin and pulled his head up, “Where. Are. Your. Manners? Let’s get you educated, shall we?”
This experiment he was conducting, was certainly a difficult one. One hour? One day? Two days? He thought he would soon get Sherlock to yield. It had been three days since Sherlock was put in that box, and yet he had not even make a moan.
The first time John met Anthea, he’d attempted to flirt with her. And why wouldn’t he? He was single, and she was, well, unbelievably beautiful. But right now, with the gorgeous young woman asleep on his sofa, for god’s sake, John couldn’t spare her a thought. He smiled to himself. Sherlock didn’t eat when he was on a case, perhaps John didn’t flirt in that scenario. Or perhaps it was just that this particular case, this particular missing person, was too important.
Big Bad survives, but between the info Sherlock gives Mycroft and the legit hospital investigation into the freaky injury of the guy who almost died of getting stabbed in the hand, the whole facility goes down. It's dramatic and embarrassing and much more satisfying than if he just died. John moves in to Baker Street with Sherlock, and all is well.
John bristled. “How do you know—never mind. It doesn’t matter, and I shouldn’t be here.”  He gripped the aluminium cane by his side and moved to rise. He’d never have been so insubordinate in the army, but this was not the army. Hell, he didn’t even know it was legal for the army to subcontract out soldiers who hadn’t finished their tours.
For all that John’s patient didn’t seem to care about his own wellbeing, the doctor was beginning to notice subtle signs that he was aware of the ticking clock on his health. The detective had taken to making lists of what he had to find out in order to deduce the identity of Biopharm’s shadow leader. John had offered to help, to do some of the legwork (seriously, didn’t Sherlock think that he was capable of counting the number of technicians working between 4 and 6 pm on weekdays?) but the detective was adamant. The only thing he’d asked John to do so far had been to log onto Biopharm’s patient records software for him. The doctor was slightly frustrated with his less-than-glamorous role in their endeavor, but he had a feeling his job would be becoming a lot more difficult as the weeks went on.
It was very easy to imagine Moriarty rubbing his hands together with glee during that last statement. Sherlock was hard pressed not to sigh with exasperation, aware that it was extremely likely that his every activity was being recorded. This was, apparently, another attempt by Moriarty to convert Sherlock to his cause. A cause which could only really be described as ‘world domination,’ as cliché as that sounded. The madman simply did not understand Sherlock at all. Not that anyone did, but at least no one else was quite so presumptuous about trying.
Which brought him to the fifth character seated at the table, who John liked very much but severely doubted would prove useful in a fight.
But John had eat, and check the shipments of medical equipment, and get telephone updates from Mycroft, and therefore couldn’t be speaking in Sherlock's ear twenty-four/seven. So on the third day after the reduction in pain medication, John asked the elder Holmes if radio could be included in that day's shipment of IV bags. He soon found a few stations that seemed promising—local news for the daytime and classical music for the night—and John knew that he was better off for it, and was certain Sherlock was, too.
Security wasn’t much of an issue where John was concerned, except that he always, always kept the curtains closed and his gun on hand. Mycroft was doing his best, but that wasn’t always enough, after all. And John didn’t have to hurt their odds any.
As John went to return the light to his pocket, Sherlock cut in, voice swaying along with the rest of him.
Eventually, John had unpacked everything but the gun. He looked at it for a few minutes, debating whether to leave it in the now-empty box and stash the whole thing under the bed, which would allow him to avoid showing the thing to Sherlock, or to put it away somewhere among his other belongings and mitigate the chances of it being found inadvertently by hospital cleaning staff.
“Well, directly after. You’ll operate on me, remove the organ, and I’ll be sent to recovery. The technicians will all but forget about me, and you, as it’s the organ they’ll lose their jobs if they misplace. So you can just pop upstairs with a stolen ID badge and flick the drive into place. Then you leave, I leave, and the government gets its secrets. They get quite cross if anyone has any secrets but them, you know.”
I was worried about writing/posting this chapter, because months ago (when I was already considering this story) I read something similar and saw that it had been absolutely shredded by mean people making snarky comments. So please, do not hurt meee!
Not again. Well, of course, again. That was sort of the point, The Great Game and all. Games aren’t over until someone wins. But Moriarty is still masterminding crimes, and Sherlock is still trying to stop him. So, by definition, the Game is still on.
He picked up his violin, plucked out a few notes, set it back down. Not in the mood. He turned to the bookcase, scanned the titles.
John forgot the hiker, the village, his aunt, the army in the autumn, wholly consumed by the fullness of Sherlock's lips on his own, breathless with the new discovery of it all, wanting to stay endlessly suspended in the sweet night air.
“Come with me.” He took John’s hand into his cold palm and led him to his bedroom, dark but for the light from the sitting room that slanted through the open door.
John’s seat was empty at dinner. Sherlock wanted to die, unable to ask his parents where John was. His voice would crack, giving him away. He picked at his food, miserable.
Something about the man’s stance caught his eye, making John pause. Then his mouth fell open. He walked haltingly toward the bar, staring, needing to be sure.
He plucked up the hem of his black shirt, easing the soft cotton to his shoulders, over his head. He stood tall, his posture erect, and dropped the T-shirt to the floor.
Meeting Sherlock again, John had been prepared to remain politely distant. He’d reluctantly clasped Sherlock’s hand in greeting, but then he looked into those eyes -- up close, no sunglasses hiding them, a storm of blue and green and gold -- and he felt a tremor like thunder shake him to his core.
But the image in his mind’s eye wasn't as sharp as it used to be. Worried, John quickly unlocked the metal steamer trunk at the foot of his bed and pulled out a smaller lock box. He rifled through the papers until he found the photos they had taken in London. Holding Sherlock’s portrait by the edges, John drank in the planes and angles of his face, missing him.
A tube was rummaged from the back of a drawer, its contents squeezed onto fingertips, smeared and glistening. Holding each other's gazes, John pressed in slowly, patiently, joining their bodies. He began moving his hips, Sherlock drawing up his knees, clasping his calves around John's waist.
John holds his breath, places his index finger on Sherlock’s lower back, silently tracing the pattern of the constellation. His finger stops just above the towel wrapped around Sherlock’s waist. With one firm tug, he could make the flimsy cotton drop away. He could place his hands on Sherlock’s hips, slide them down to cup the globes of his buttocks, press his pelvis into the cleft to let him feel his desire, the hard line of his cock, the hot press of his mouth on his vertebrae.
A bead of sweat rolls down John's back, the animalistic urge pooling at the base of his groin about to erupt. The guttering candle reveals tantalizing details -- the redness of Sherlock's swollen lips, the pink flush covering his chest and cheeks, the damp hair around his forehead, the jut of his chin, the slope of his ribs.
“Lead on, then.” Sherlock waved a hand at the driver, who turned on his heel and led them out to a stately black Rolls Royce. The driver secured their luggage as they slid into the back seat.
The laugh bubbles up deep from Sherlock’s chest, so rich and low and genuine that John can’t help but smile and giggle in return. Sherlock can’t even speak, his eyes teary with mirth. He adores this nugget of unexpected knowledge about John, finding it silly and somehow subversively sexy, the image of a vapid smiley face flexing with the tightening and relaxation of John’s
John gaped at Sherlock, realization dawning. He hadn't needed the cane at all once Sherlock swept him up in the case.
That's what this alleged ghost liked to do -- play mischievous tricks. Move things, break things, slam doors. The owners, a ruddy-faced couple in their late 50s, didn't seem like the type to make up stories. They came to Sherlock because the haunting was hurting their business.
It’s Sherlock who turns first, rolling onto his side, facing away from John, drawing up his knees. John is aware of the movement, although he’s nearly asleep himself. Without thinking, he follows suit, turning onto his side, facing not the wall, but Sherlock’s back. He gazes sleepily at the cotton t-shirt stretched across Sherlock’s winged shoulder blades, the slope of his arm, the rise of his hip.
I grinned, thinking how comfortable and at-home Dad looked in the cottage, his old wool jumper fraying at the cuffs, his hair just about needing a trim. He looked relaxed. Life with Sherlock must be going well.
Sherlock eventually goes to his room and opens his laptop, then closes it again, unable to think about anything but John. Desperate for a distraction, he decides to take another shower, hoping the warm water will soothe his raw nerves.
Sherlock leaned over to the nightstand, finding a tube of lubricant left from their trip. He squeezed a dollop onto his fingers and reached back to prepare himself, keeping his eyes locked with John’s.
What I learned that night was the futility of trying to keep pace with two battle-scarred men and 30-year-old scotch. I was a lightweight, my eyes growing heavy as I sank deeper into the arm chair listening to their stories.
“I’ll tell her you said hello,” Sherlock replied. “But if you’ll excuse me, I promised Miss Hooper the first dance.”
Sherlock stares at Mycroft, grasping at fragmented memories — a bright light, muffled voices — but unable to stitch together the series of events that led to this antiseptic-smelling room. The pain in his chest comes in stabs and he wishes for merciful sleep to pull him under again.
John stroked his back, his voice rough with emotion. “I don't want to go, but I have to. We both have to.”
John knows that glint, that slyly seductive gleam signifying his desire for a bit of rough foreplay. John smiles back, his voice low. “It’s more games you want, is it?”
The driver’s side window is almost frosted over. Sherlock peels off his glove and presses a warm fingertip into the thin layer of ice, melting an oval shape into the glass, a small porthole to the outside world.
Sherlock’s muscle tense at the kiss, an initial alarm that gives way to a shaky exhalation, a gradual melting into John’s chest, a word of gratitude slipping from his lips. “John…”
Afterwards came the obligatory piano and violin duet. Sherlock kept his eyes on the sheet music or on Mycroft’s hands, knowing that if he were to look up and find John gazing at him, the entire room would know their secret. He could not hide his feelings if he played for John.
“Upper lip,” John prompts and Sherlock tilts his head back, tightens his lip over his teeth. The razor glides along in short strokes, revealing the deep cupid’s bow.
“I don't want to get mixed up in all this,” Sherlock proclaimed, wringing his hands nervously. “We shouldn't have gone out there. I probably shouldn't have touched it, but I didn't know what to do.”
Johnlock achieved! Retirement with bees and a dog achieved! A future Dr. Watson in the making, with a mysterious housemate in the flat below... could it be a brilliant but moody student in chemistry? I will let you decide.
Without a word, Sherlock reached out a long arm to the nightstand and handed John the tube of lubricant he'd purchased at the pharmacy. John squeezed out a dollop onto his index finger, then glanced up, checking for Sherlock’s expression.
“Jesus! Don’t creep up on people like that,” John snapped, his shoulders tense. He raked his hands through his hair, trying to calm his nerves. “So you were at Mike’s party,” he said accusingly. “Did you fucking follow me here?”
“Okay, next question,” John squints at his phone. “You’re at a candle shop; what scent of candle do you buy?”
Even though it was summer, he still felt the pressure from university, the intensity to prove himself. His family wasn't wealthy, and his father, who had, in fact, been a doctor, had left the profession in less than good standing. John felt like he had to work twice as hard as the other students just to keep up. Of course, his own reckless nature -- late nights out carousing, a hot temper, a few drunken pub brawls, a string of jilted lovers -- didn't make things easier, either.
He isn't prepared for the flood of memories surging back -- John's stag night, both drunk, John's hand grasping his knee, impulses half recognized, almost acted on, ultimately thwarted. If only they'd said something, done something that night, before it was too late.
John repeated and spelled the name, and the young man shook his head as he scrolled through a list. “No one is registered by that name.”
The building was dark and silent as he made his way down the hallway to his door. It was a bit eerie to be there alone so late, so he pulled out his keys and quickly unlocked the door. He flicked on his desk lamp, the pool of light flooding his desk. He shrugged off his coat and jacket, the steam radiator cranking out abundant dry heat. He sifted through stacks of papers in search of the book, trying to remember where he’d put it.
John was smiling at him. “Not at all. I was just thinking about the ruins you showed me on your family’s property.”
Emboldened, Sherlock moved his mouth further down the shaft, pulling up slowly, releasing with a wet pop.
Needing something to do with his hands, John pulled the flask from his jacket pocket, unscrewed the top, and took a pull, then offered it to Sherlock. Sherlock followed suit, grimacing a bit as he swallowed the burning whiskey.
Soon after, Sherlock rose from his chair and went to his bedroom, shutting the door. John peered around his chair. The card lay on the table. Against his better judgment, he crept into the kitchen and stole a glance at the note. His heart sank. Embossed on the front was an extravagant red W full of flourishes and elegant sweeping lines. The Woman.
Sherlock furrowed his brow, his head snapping back in shock when John reached out to grasp the bottom edge of the netting gathered at his shoulders.
It was mortifying when the balcony door opened and John slipped inside. There was nothing but silence as John crept nearer, his eyes adjusting to the dim light, his face flashing through a series of reactions as he pieced the events together.
Torn between cowering and bolting, Sherlock heard a small whimper break in the back of his throat. In a sudden panic, he threw the sheets aside and heaved himself from the bed, stumbled to the door, wrenched it open, and raced blindly down the hall to Mycroft’s room. He stood trembling in the doorway, scared and ashamed.
“What?” John straightens up in alarm and drops the tiles back onto the game board. “No one’s going down there.”
Something was happening, some half-confession passing between them, an avenue opening that had been obscured and hidden until now. The silence drew out longer, their hands on the table inching closer, until Sherlock suddenly spoke.
One early morning instead of a jog, Sherlock offered to show John some ruins at the far edge of their property. John raised an eyebrow, intrigued.
“Sherlock…” John wanted to say so much, and there wasn't time. “I have to go. Something big is happening here.”
He wiped sweat from his brow, assessing which spot to tackle next. He looked toward the beds that lined the walkway to the house. He should probably work on those, in case any visitors came by. He doubted his aunt had many guests, since she lived such a long walk from the village. His mother was trying to convince her to move into town.
“John --” Sherlock didn't know what he wanted to say, stumbling through a series of tangled thoughts, opting for a joke. “I don't suppose you can refuse to go, and just move to London instead?”
Sherlock gazed up at him, his cheeks flushed, eyes fever-bright, looking attractively rumpled and a tiny bit helpless in the big bed.
Even though they had been living together for several months, they had studiously avoided seeing each other in any state of undress, closed doors and tightly belted dressing gowns ensuring their almost Victorian modesty. Seeing Sherlock naked after so many years was a revelation, his body fully matured and hardened, lean and whiplike.
Mycroft shifts in his chair, pulls his phone from his breast pocket. “Now then, where shall we dine?”
“Insufferable. She’s living in the Dark Ages. It's 1923, for fuck’s sake.” Molly’s hand flew to her mouth, her cheeks turning red. “That just slipped out,” she gasped.
John stopped, pressing against the wall as people hurried through the lobby, worry rippling through the air. He closed his eyes. “I want to see you, too.”
John picks up his book and reads a few pages, then places it face down in his lap. He takes a sip a wine. It’s silent. Too silent.
Sherlock pouted to show Molly how disappointed he was. He never quite understood her complicated moral code regarding the dead. What use could organs possibly be once their host was deceased? He glanced at the body on the table. “What about this one?”
They cast furtive glances at the bed. It looks plush and inviting, and big enough for two people. The practical thing to do is just share it, catch a few hours of sleep, and be on their way in the morning.
Sherlock knew then they were not going to exchange pleasantries about John’s time away or his latest case, or about the train trip or the terrible weather. Instead, they were instantly back where they had left things -- the kiss, the agreed-upon risk -- a door reopened, ready to be nudged wider if they dared move forward.
There's nothing premeditated in Sherlock's actions; he's merely responding to the stillness of the flat, the hand on his knee, the texture of leather, the nearness of John, the years of wanting something he’s never had.
He looks at his daughter, her gangly legs folded in the armchair. He can't drag her any further into this world.
Sherlock rocked into John's hand, wanting him to feel his need. Seized with recklessness, Sherlock stripped open his belt and hastily undid his fly, drawing out his cock. John’s fingers were wrapped around him in a heartbeat, stroking him quickly to hardness.
He hesitates, then decides. He gives the address then leans back against the seat, numbly watching the city slip by.
Their marriage continued on, a partnership that suited them both. He cared deeply for Mary, but it was not a grand, passionate love. Their intimacy was warm but unimaginative, their home life companionable. He knew he should be grateful and content, and he often was, yet in the dark of night, alone with his thoughts and a swirl of smokey scotch, he sometimes yearned for more.
John sets his mug back down. “Okay,” he echoes. After a moment of thinking, he lays out the plan. “After we finish our tea, you go lather up, and I'll do the rest. Easy peasy.”
John seems momentarily surprised at his own confession, then swiftly leans across the table and pulls Sherlock toward him, kissing him with a raw intensity they both feel down to their bones.
Twenty minutes later, they landed in a field surrounded by razor wire. Industrial-looking buildings dotted the perimeter. Soldiers cradling machine guns watched them impassively, German Shepherds standing alert on their leashes.
Sherlock blinks slowly as if coming out of a dream. “You…” his palms slide around the back of John’s neck, keeping him near. “I need you.”
When their shins bumped against the sofa, John worked off his shoes and socks, almost stumbling. Sherlock hurriedly unknotted the tie of his dressing gown as John shrugged off his shirt.
The villa was rarely empty. Friends and neighbors dropped by for coffee or drinks or an afternoon swim in the deep blue pool. The table at lunch and dinner was always ringed with an international array of earnest students, some full of ego, others wracked with self-doubt. Intense conversations swirled around Character and Motivation and Subtext. Sherlock had grown immune to the dinner discourse years ago, fading into the background, absently peeling an orange and retreating into his own inner world.
He stroked Sherlock's thighs as he kissed his way down both legs, spending extra time nuzzling the soft skin of his inner thighs. John finally shifted and looked up into Sherlock's eyes.
John stilled, taking in the high color on Sherlock's cheeks, the flush across his lean chest, the cap set at an angle, allowing tempting wisps of hair to curl across his forehead. John unconsciously bit his own lower lip in desire.
At school there had been Victor, an exploratory relationship of hand jobs and blow jobs and fingering; last summer there had been Irene, a dark haired French beauty vacationing with her family. She preferred girls, she told him matter-of-factly, but she liked sex and she liked his face and her parents were gone and did he want to come up to her room?
He read the article again, mentally mapping the area where the body was found. Just then, Elizabeth returned.
John took a sip of wine, scrolled through his phone. Soon the strains of an Italian aria floated from the kitchen, still resonant despite the phone’s small speaker.
“Oh, I just thought you might have heard of something. It's always difficult to find an affordable flat in London. Not to mention trying to find work. I was just reading this morning that more than 2 million are unemployed, and it's expected to go higher. Terrible, isn't it?”
A tall blonde man with muscular arms was kneading Sherlock's back, the skin shining with oil. John had to tear his gaze away when a second masseuse stepped forward to introduce herself and asked him several questions about any pain he was having and areas he'd like her to concentrate on.
The husband rubbed his forehead, exhausted. “We’re tired. We just tired of not knowing what's real and what's not.”
“Well, speak of the devil,” Mike laughed weakly. “Professor Holmes and Doctor Watson, two of the world’s top forensic experts in the same room… What a treat!”
No time to think about flatmates or burned letters or droning bees or lazy summer afternoons by the lake. No remembering long, slow kisses or wandering hands, tanned forearms and white legs, bodies pressed together, close and hot.
They walked slowly over the dewy grass, their footsteps hollow on the wooden planks of the dock. They pried off their damp shoes and socks, rolled up their trouser legs, and sat beside each other, letting their feet skim into the cool water.
“You were there at the beginning.” Sherlock’s voice was a soft rumble. “Remember the boomerang case?”
They’d finally shake hands, and Sherlock would look directly at me, which sometimes made me a little nervous. He was an imposing man.
John slipped the cool glass cylinder of the bottle neck between his lips and swallowed greedily, downing half the beer in one go. He was parched and his nerves were raw. He paused, gripped the bottle tighter, then chugged again, signaling the bartender for another before he set the beer down onto the lacquered bar.
“Quirky old houses. You know how they are,” Hannah finally says without conviction. “Do you want me to leave it on?”
Taking his time, John closed his lips around the head, sliding over the roundness of the tip, looking up through his lashes at Sherlock's reaction.
I felt my breath match theirs, a lump forming in my throat. I'd never witnessed such raw tenderness between two people. I was unable to tear my eyes away, not sure how to make sense of what I was seeing. It wasn’t kissing, but this -- the intimate way they were touching -- was more than a friend comforting a friend.
John waited a beat, about to say something. But then he nodded curtly. “Suit yourself.” He turned and draped a tanned arm around Molly’s shoulders, her arm snaking possessively around his waist.
Just a heads-up: This chapter contains minor character death, minor violence, and a few references to suicidal thoughts.
The shirt grazed off Sherlock's shoulders onto the floor, his trousers collapsed next, pants and socks peeled away.
Sherlock didn't feel it was his place to agree or disagree, given his own safety net of family wealth, so he offered no comment. They continued to look over the valley. John shifted, and Sherlock could tell he was trying to work up the nerve to say something.
John grinned back, wondering if that comment was anything more than a joke. He gripped Sherlock’s arse, thrusting slowly into his hand, enjoying the delicious friction of their cocks, caught up in the pleasure of the moment.
Somehow, Sherlock is not yet ready for that. The thin fabric is a safety net, a flimsy barrier that offers a tantalizing promise for the next time. For now, the hint of hot skin waiting under that cotton -- coarse hair, blue veins, corded tendons, rigid cock -- is arousing as hell. His cock stiffens at the image, tenting his pajamas.
There is a corresponding light pressure on his calf, and Sherlock laughs. He’s clearly losing his mind, dreaming up dead soldiers.
can’t lose you. I was troubled by your sudden depressed behavior.” He sighed. “If you need anything, just tell me. I will help you, Sherlock. But, don’t, don’t try something stupid.” He looked at me earnestly.
“No shit, Mycroft! You didn’t arrange that, did you? Don’t tell me that cabbie is one of your minions!”
“For God’s sake, Sherlock, striking a deal with a criminal mastermind is no child play. You can’t just go into Moriarty’s organization and ask for John’s return. You know that he will lock you up, and beat you, and kill you. This is a no-return journey! You’re going to hell, Sherlock! I can’t let you do that!” Mycroft stared at Sherlock, his cold hard eyes suddenly welled with tears.
The floor was a mess, with his coat and shirts everywhere, and some torn pages from his notebook, scribbled on was Sherlock’s untidy handwriting about a case we’re working on.
Sherlock glanced down onto his hands, knuckles white from grasping the whip too hard. He looked at John, bloody and barely conscious. What has he done? Sherlock realized with horror.
I sighed. Sherlock was sound asleep on his bed, and he looked so calm and peaceful. The look on his face was babyish and angelic, so different from his usual arrogant and cold face expressions. In these days he often looked upset, I’d never seen him like this. Whenever he got a case, he would be over the moon. But then, with the Moriarty case, I could see that it worried him a lot. He barely smiled, talked or do anything except thinking. Misery knitted his brows together, and unspoken sadness gloomed the house. At that time I did not know what he was planning, and I did not ask, but it pained me to see him down like this.
John’s heart felt heavy. “But there must be something we can do, Mycroft! We cannot just stand here and do nothing! Sherlock is out there, and he is possibly dying. Promise me, Mycroft,” John took his arm firmly. “Fight with me. Find Moriarty. Save Sherlock.”
There’s a knock on the door. “My Sebby.” Moriarty smiled and opened the door. Moran was standing in the hallway.
Lestrade called in for a homicide case. He knocked on the door of 221B, but no one answered. Frustrated, he asked Mrs Hudson to open the door. To his astonishment, he saw Sherlock kneeling in front of the locked doors of John’s bedroom, clawing crazily at the white paint on the door, while John was screaming “I couldn’t, I couldn’t” like a madman inside his room.
He would not love me back. At the moment, if I suddenly popped up being alive, he would probably hate me to the core, for deceiving him.
Okay I was really considering deleting this fic because it is getting boring now... isn't it?  And... I don't know how to continue
Every morning he took his gun from the cabinet, readied himself for joining his friends at last. As he took the safety off, he would change his mind and put it back. Coward, he called himself.
Surprisingly, as the only person whom I could confide in except John, Mycroft was very open towards my new situation: the building up of my affection towards my former flat mate. I could still not quite get over the fact that I had a heart, that I would be loving someone. I reported everything I felt at the moment to my brother, and he listened without much talking.
“I didn’t say anything.” That smirk returned. “Anyway, there’s not much I can do here. Good morning.” And he strode off, swinging his umbrella.
“The same place where I’ll take you to, right now.” The man still had his back facing Sherlock. “Aren’t you scared, Sherlock? Seeing death right in front of you, smelling his breath of blood and pain, hearing little John’s muffled cries, oh, what a shame.” Moriarty turned around, his face teasing.
“You’ve been careful to hide your mark from him. Because you know, he will leave you when he sees it. You don’t want him to leave. But you don’t want to love him.”
That was, until he heard the term “soulmates”. And John was certain Greg and he were soulmates. They talked about everything, and they understood each other so well, that there was possibly no other explanation except that their souls were connected and that they were destined to spend their lives together.
“It’s so cozy now,” John said, lightly running his fingers over the pine branches, releasing a gentle waft of fragrance.
Sherlock didn't answer. He stepped closer, dipping his fingers into the collar of John’s T-shirt, hooking out the silver chain that hung around John's neck.
He toyed absently with a lock of Sherlock's hair, his eyes on the window. It was late, after midnight.
John moved carefully, feeling the moment when Sherlock relaxed around him, allowing him to thrust shallowly a few times. He dipped forward to cover Sherlock’s mouth with his own, hungry for his breath and lashes and rough stubble.
They text often now, much more frequently than those days when Olivia was a baby and John was reeling from the demands of single parenting. Things had gradually eased as Olivia grew older. It also helped that John's sister, Harry, had sobered up and mended her tattered life. Harry now devoted a good deal of time to her niece, freeing some of John's time.
“Mummy mentioned in her letter that you've been working with her on her book,” Mycroft continued. “And that you've been helping Father with the bees and garden. I thought she was joking.” He took a sip, his gaze calculating. “But I can see that you've been out in the sun. And you're quite fit. So… rustic. Such a change from the thin specter you were at Christmas.”
They kissed ardently, drowning in the need to touch and caress, fingers pulling out shirt tails, Sherlock pressed into the corner, John wedged between his long legs.
He halts again, still rubbing at the mark on the wooden table. “And I can't even tell them about you.” He looks up at John, exhausted. “Sometimes I get so tired of all the secrets.”
“I really need to kiss you now,” John murmured, drawing Sherlock’s mouth to his own. The kiss was delicate, a sip of nectar from wine-stained lips. John drew him back again, the second kiss as deliciously soft as the first, but lingering.
Mycroft managed to crack a smile. “Must be the wine. Merry Christmas, little brother.” He lifted his glass in a salute, then sauntered away, a thumb hooked in his waistcoat.
Time dissolved into mouths and tongues, fingers tracing and grasping, legs hooking over thighs. They tasted and touched, exploring, rediscovering each other.
The lock gives way with a rusty screech and the door swings open. “Oh gosh,” Molly blurts out. “I should have warned you about this door sticking. Sorry about that.”
The case had sounded intriguing enough, a series of thefts at one of the poshest ski resorts in the French Alps, the thief not targeting jewels but the laptops of wealthy guests in order to steal valuable financial data. John had looked forward to a week of sun and snow and invigorating mountain air, packing several wool jumpers and his heaviest boots.
The music had stopped, the room filled with the sound of their own breathing, a siren wailing somewhere in the distance, the purr of traffic from the street below. Sherlock could think of nothing clever to say, no quip to recenter this precarious sense of tipping past a certain point.
“John, this is hardly the time.” Sherlock bit his lower lip, wishing he hadn't said hard. “Tea…” he faltered as John's fingers worked open his belt and flies, his hand slipping down his pants, exploring, fondling.
He slowly backspaced over each letter until the screen was blank, then typed again, quickly sending the message before he could change his mind.
Then his hands on Sherlock's body, touching every inch, nuzzling, tasting, discovering edges and hollows, sliding his lips over his swollen cock, soft moans, thigh muscles quivering, the salt and heat of Sherlock in his mouth.
Molly kept the conversation going, sharing morbidly ridiculous stories about her life at the funeral home.
John took a closer look, noting that it appeared less swollen and would heal in a matter of days. “I advise against boxing for a few weeks.”
Sherlock clenched his fists, stung by Mycroft's words. A thousand bitter retorts flashed across his tongue, but a cold finger of truth pressed against his chest. “At least I have a heart,” he muttered before turning away.
I didn’t tell Dad, but I was thinking about med school. I had missed the application deadline so would have to wait, but I thought I’d try to take a course in biology and see how it went. I didn’t want to get his hopes up.
It isn’t long before the room starts to tilt, a familiar and welcome warmth filling Sherlock’s veins. His eyes grow heavy, but he needs to know one thing before he slips into unconsciousness again. “What happened?”
Sherlock looked around the large kitchen. He had been in the house for one or two visitations in the past, and knew that the top floor of the home was the family’s living quarters, while the ground floor and basement were devoted to the funeral business.
The restaurant was long and narrow and dim, the candles on the tables casting intimate pools of light. His eyes still adjusting to the low light, John followed the hostess blindly as she led him to a table.
I fell willingly into an all-consuming world of trying to make friends and finding new music and keeping up with schoolwork and wearing glittery things, experimenting at being a Normal Girl. I floated from group to group, trying to find a tribe, hanging out with the theatre geeks in the autumn, then sneaking cigarettes with the rough crowd in the spring, joining the swim team the next year.
John rolled over in his bed, the first rays of the sun casting a soft glow in his room. He had slept poorly, another restless night spent replaying every encounter he'd had with Sherlock, wrestling with every word and glance.
“I’m sure that'll make for a pleasant Christmas dinner,” John mused. “Aunt Helen is visiting us, and my sister may even turn up. I’m not sure how that will go over.”
Its members were known as a bohemian crowd, wealthy aesthetes, idlers, intellectuals, and libertines, very different from the silent and stuffy club that Mycroft belonged to, apparently. Thanks to Sherlock’s influence, John was allowed access to the club, although he rarely spoke to anyone beyond a brief nod or hello.
He crouches down and runs his fingers down the grooves, stopping when he finds a spot that feels slightly elevated. He pries gently at the edges, his pulse quickening when the segment of floorboard starts to give way. He exerts more force and the wood lifts up, revealing a hidden recess.
Taking a breath for courage, he skimmed his mouth lower to the base of John's throat. Oh, how wonderful it was to taste John's skin, to nuzzle in the curves and hollows of his collarbone, to glide his fingers over the coarse hair on his chest.
Harry sighed. “It can be. But it can be wonderful, too.” She crumpled up her napkin and threw it on her empty plate. “Anyway, best learn to take care of yourself, enjoy what you’ve got, and if someone comes along --” she held up her hands, “great. If not, great. Let’s have ice cream.”
Sherlock’s brow crinkles, but he busies himself with a cutting board and lemon. “Better. One day at a time, as they say.” He slices into the lemon with a small sharp knife.
They lay on the rumpled bed, spent, their arms and legs touching, gazing at the ceiling as their breathing finally slows.
Sherlock woke to a soft tapping on his bedroom door. He sat up, momentarily disoriented, unsure of the time. The sky was dark, but he was still in his day clothes, now wrinkled and damp with perspiration from a fitful sleep.
He could feel Sherlock's hands gliding down his back, soothing him, the long fingers spanning his buttocks, holding him in place, anchoring him to earth.
Sherlock continues to analyze the captain’s face. His expression is hard to read; is the jut of his chin and steely gaze dutiful or disdainful? It fascinates him. He was an attractive man, clearly intelligent and quite fit. For some reason, Sherlock wishes he knew what color his eyes were.
I walked forward reluctantly, noticing a pillow and blanket stacked neatly on the sofa. “I need a drink of water.”
“We should build a fire on the beach,” John suggested. “I saw some wood stacked up by the boathouse.”
John watches them from his vantage place in the kitchen where he has placed the empty tea cups near the sink.
Sherlock’s eyes fly up, on guard. He relaxes when he recognizes John. “It wasn’t a very clever hiding spot.”
Last night had been an education in kissing, a long and thorough lesson in snogging. His mind drifted back to the dock, his hand that held the polishing rag coming to a stop on the fender.
He reached into the bag he’d slung over his shoulder and handed Sherlock the sheaf of papers held together with a black clip.
He glanced up the stairs at the flat, a familiar warm glow seeping through the crack of the partially opened door. Sherlock had the fire going, and John could picture it, the flames casting shadows over the red carpet, the comfortable chairs.
The touch was electric, humming with the vitality of Sherlock's body. John swore he could feel the blood coursing under the skin, the flight of lightning fast cells and synapses. He opened his palm, sliding it down the sweep of Sherlock's neck, his thumb tracing a partial arc of collar bone, across sinews, his fingertips disappearing beneath the edge of blue silk.
When the crowd had thinned, he stood up, leaning a hand against the seat for support. He fumbled for his cane, cursing his bad leg, and hoisted his valise from the overhead rack. He limped to the steps and eased his way down to the platform, looking for a porter to help collect his trunk.
Afterwards, they lay in a tangle of limbs, skin gleaming. John threaded their hands together, kissing the inside of Sherlock's wrist.
Sherlock holds up a gloved finger, commanding John to wait. He inhales, analyzes. “Gingerbread,” he declares.
Sherlock studied the patterns the branches made above them. “Do you think you'll ever come back here?”
“Excuse me,” he says to John, then stands up and takes a few steps away to answer the call. He soon learns that Lestrade is at the scene of another murder with striking similarities to the current case sprawled across his wall. Sherlock listens, interjecting with curt questions, pacing the rug, his excitement growing.
He scanned the evening sky, then his eye was caught by movement along the road that led to town. He made out one, then two bicyclists, one male, one female. He gradually recognized the young woman, Molly Hooper, a local girl a year or so younger than himself.
He reached for Sherlock, pulling him close, tilting his mouth up hungrily toward Sherlock's. He felt drunk, elated as they staggered back several steps in a tangle of hands and greedy kisses.
