I reach into the jar and take a bright red one, the same colour that Artemis had. These types of lollies are not exactly a rare item
Sherlock doesn't have friends, really. He has people that tolerate him because they find his usefulness outweighs his abrasiveness. Irene, for her part, tolerates him because he is the only one intelligent enough to make for interesting conversation. He also happens to be a potential threat to her various schemes. She has enough blackmail material on anyone of import at Uni to live quite comfortably - everyone, that is,
"Someone from the bank, then? Wanted him dead and hired a contract killer?” I can only hope it's Sebastian. I would certainly relish seeing him hauled away in handcuffs and that smug grin disappearing when his posh suit is exchanged for a prison uniform.
he says with an excited flourish.
Victor will be angry.
Sherlock lifts his head and his eyes are so full of soul-crushing sorrow that John is being ripped in two. “Please. I
“I'm sorry, love,” John whispers against his collarbone. “Was that too much... too fast?”
“Really?” John's voice is incredulous. He looks down for a slow breath before fixing Sherlock in a cutting glare.
John retreats and Sherlock lies there for a moment clutching the bottle and blinking rapidly, trying to process what just happened. Is this real? A bottle of lube magically appearing when desired then John saying the perfect words… it seems like the work of his imagination.
In his Mind Palace, Sherlock forcefully bolts the door of
“So?” John’s face is irritatingly neutral. He casts his hands a little distance from his sides, fingers spread in a questioning gesture; quietly demanding an explanation for their current predicament.
“This is
John hadn’t known.
Like a tickle that you want to be a scratch; something that might be pleasurable but is agonizing because it's
“Been wantin’ to do that one for a while, haven't ya?” A dark smile pulled up one corner of John's mouth as he glared at Mycroft. They both knew that it was the only choice Mycroft could make and the one John
Hopkins starts at the strained shout. Sherlock runs trembling fingers through his hair.
“Alright,” John says as he shakes his head, looking off to the side to hide the amused expression he knows is on his face over how Sherlock, always one for the dramatic, can't just ask him what he might like for a belated Christmas gift but instead manages to make it sound like a bloody proposition.
“I know you're going to forget this all tomorrow, but if somehow…
“Mornin’” John proclaims amiably. He briefly lifts his eyes to Sherlock and flashes a genuine smile. As his eyes slide back to the pan before him and the smile fades on his lips, Sherlock perceives the weariness just beneath the surface. He watches John as he stretches to crack an egg into a second pan and his face contorts in pain. He pulls his arm back with a hitch and rolls his shoulder with a faint groan.
My disgust with the family, that is treating their young daughter like a bargaining chip, is only matched by my distaste for the British government that has, in a sense, condoned this child being bartered away in such a manner, simply because they are desperate to ensure that the price of coal remains low.
“Observe.” Its voice is deep and rolls out like thunder. It stirs a soft vibration in Private McDonnell’s core like the reverberation of a struck bell. “That is your
He heard the shot before he felt the sharp burn in his chest, and it was slow,
Sherlock’s eyes flick back up to his and their green-blue depths are child-like in how innocence and lost they have become. “This is
is all John can think. He stays there patiently waiting for this all to be explained. It is the only strategy that has kept him sane existing in proximity to the world's only consulting detective.
I'm trying to get away but can't. I'm trying to scream but I'm drowning in blood, gurgling up to flood my mouth with its thick, copper penny sludge. I'm gagging but I can't breathe. The darkness is closing in.
"You hurt him."
then?" She rakes her eyes over him slowly like she's measuring and weighing him with all the intensity of a tiger eyeing a potential meal.  He clutches his thawing hands together in his lap and tries to meet her with a calm confidence he doesn't quite feel.
I make a scoffing sound that I hope conveys my combined frustration and contempt over his efforts to keep me in the dark. I turn away before I do or say something (else) stupid.
“It’s just…
Heart thumping -
As he runs through the whirlwind of events in his mind, he realises there is very little of his day that he can
“Take my card.” Sherlock nods towards the kitchen where his wallet is lying on the table. His expression is softer than I've seen it since
"I am perfectly capable of defending myself." Sherlock retorts, "I'm a -"
Sherlock looks down at himself and back up at John and his cheeks begin to flush that beautiful soft pink. He opens his mouth, then shuts it again, a confused frown taking over.
I wake to the faintest metal on metal scraping sound. My vision clears, gaze focused on my bedroom door. My fingers move slowly beneath the pillow, curling around the familiar steel of my gun. The quiet metallic tinkling and grating continues and then, as I watch, the lock on the door slowly starts to turn into the unlocked position.
“Suit yourself,” Mycroft’s voice is cool and indifferent but his right hand draws lightly over the buttons on his fine suit, a subtle tell that he is reigning in irritation. His hand slips into his breast pocket to pull out a small, black leather-bound book.
deeper pain. "It's
John took the gun first. He felt the weight of it in his hand.
“Yeah…” John looks up at him, finally able to stop giggling when he sees the look of concern on Sherlock's face. He groans slightly as his muscles contract in another painful shudder.
and John will have
John rests his forehead against Sherlock’s and their breath intermingles, ricocheting off each other’s lips with each harsh little pant. “I’m just - I'm not sure if we should… you know, get ahead of ourselves,” he whispers. “Not just yet.”
familiar, yet it now has slipped from your mental grasp... I've forgotten something. I can feel it but..." Sherlock frowns down at his own lap.
…” John cocks his head to the side and stares out the window in that familiar mannerism he has when he considers things that he suspects he should object to. It only lasts for a moment, then his eyes snap to Sherlock and focus, hardening a bit. “But I suppose I won’t mind avoiding fighting the crowds and spending all my pay for some trinket I’ll find in with
“Fine.” Sherlock keeps his tone sharp with irritation. “But stay on your side of the bed or I'll break your fingers. I expect you out first thing in the morning and don’t expect me to coddle you and act some host.”
The figures eyes are blazing white as it places its palm flat on Henry’s chest.
until his brain can no longer shut it out. Food and sleep and sex; all things that at best are a waste of time and at worst are a slippery slope to overindulgence; obsession in the making. Yet his body consistently hijacks his mind in service of these base needs.
"Alright?... If we need to go-"
Sherlock’s eyes narrow and he bites his lip, considering me for a moment. Clearly, he hadn’t expected me to pick up on that much. I feel a slight thrill at defying his expectations once more. However, it does not offset the undercurrent of frustration that has only grown throughout the day.
"Can you please... just... I don't know… stop and talk to me?" John has nearly caught up.
Sherlock’s mind tries to grasp at some salvation from this fate. He sees himself and John caught in each other’s gravity, orbiting, held together by the immutable forces of attraction, tumbling through the darkness towards that destructive nothingness. They are a particle-antiparticle pair. Perfectly matched, equal and opposite. And if John can escape the black hole event horizon as Sherlock falls into it, then the black hole will decay. At least one of them will be free.
Persistent exposure to intimacy with John was supposed to make Sherlock immune to his effect but, instead, the physical intimacy is addling his brain.
He still hasn’t said John’s name aloud in all this; still hasn’t made him
“Sherlock." The brief flicker of relief is gone when Lestrade's eyes shift to John and a wave of irritation and exasperation sweeps through his expression like a dark shadow. "What’s
I lied. Not intentionally,  but edit and agonize as I did over this I just couldn't end it without this little bitty chapter too. So one last chapter after this, yeah?
“Obviously.” His voice assumes its typical air of scorn and intolerance for stating what can clearly be seen. He focuses a sharp, cold stare at John.
You are obviously choosing not to understand - retreating into some feeble attempt at feigned ignorance-”
"Right," I say, careful to have absolutely no inflection in my voice as I shift my gaze back to him. "And what's the point you're trying to make now?" I fix my jaw and tilt my head to the side. If we are really going to go toe-to-toe over Sherlock again, I'm ready for it.
Sherlock slips his hands into his hair. Curling his fingers, he yanks until the violent fission sparking across his scalp, shivers down his spine and pools in a burning, pulse low in his groin.
“Ok…” His voice is calm and even and his gaze is steady. “Well, it's just a natural body function. Not like I haven't seen my fair share as a doctor.”  He offers a small, strained smile that is all remote professionalism. Sometimes Sherlock admires John's ability to assume these past roles but, in this moment, Sherlock hates it - the disconcerting disconnect from everything
“Fuck!”
"John," she sighs, setting her notepad aside and leaning forward with elbows on her knees. Her face is full of practised compassion and concern. “I'm not saying that a man who you’ve referred to on your blog, as
This morning, when I shuffled down the stairs, it was only to stumble upon the odd sight of Mycroft and Sherlock silently glaring at each other in the sitting room. Still as statues, the two brothers were almost a perfect mirror of each other’s positions and posture as they sat facing each other before the unlit fire. There was a distinct chill in the air between them.
What an unmitigated disaster.
Sherlock wobbles and stares at him with those large blinking eyes. John grins.
“You - You can’t - John…”
"And you described him as..." a flip back in her book to look at notes she obviously took down before I arrived, "
“No, Sherlock. That's
As they approach the bed, John tries to help him turn and sit on the edge of it but Sherlock is too eager and relieved to have finally made it to the destination. He dives and tumbles onto the bed instead, taking John with him in the process. Sherlock ends up in a ball on his side with John wrapped around his back - John's arm caught between his waist and leg, pinned by his full weight to the bed.
“You’d come down to breakfast in the Formal Hall and this freak would know you’d been shagging the previous night.”
He fully expects the room to be empty when he opens the door. However, he finds John sitting in the chair by the desk, leaning over with his elbows on his knees. He only gets a brief glimpse of the deeply conflicted and contemplative look on John's face before John reacts to the door opening by shooting up into a standing position. Facing Sherlock, his eyes seem both to want to scan all of him but also not look too closely. His cheeks are flushed and so is the tips of his ears.
himself against.
"As I recall," I say, briskly striding over to the fireplace and snatching up the feather duster. "You are
Sherlock continues to fume as he plops down hard in his desk chair. He takes another pair of nitrate gloves from the box and shakes them out, preparing to pull them on and return to his work  He’s trying very hard to go back to ignoring John's existence.
“Listen, um,” I say softly, running my eyes over his expensive suit. “If you’d be able to lend me some…”
John but
I also don't know if I can risk Mycroft's scrutiny.
His training forced into the background the hum of his own body at the recognition of how plump and soft the lips captured beneath him were. He ignored the fire skittering along his nerves at the sensation of Sherlock's long, violinist fingers playing a frantic tune across his shoulders, neck and the back of his head. With practised discipline, he'd boxed it, categorized it, and shoved it firmly away as not relevant to saving the life before him. He was accustomed to doing this with any stray thoughts and emotions during a crisis.
“No.”
“Two.”
will provide the pivotal clue in understanding his current state. He closes his eyes and in his mind tries to trace back the thread connecting the sensation of arousal to a moment last night
Captain Watson has seen them firsthand.
It had been a mistake.
You to make love to me John.
, “ Sherlock snaps irritably. His voice feels hoarse. “I haven't changed,
She is looking very irritated with
However, Sherlock seems to be a magnet for dangerous situations, even when he is just trying to escape into a drug stupor. So, quite by accident, three times before he has found himself needing to reconstruct the events of a danger night for the sake of an alibi. He now has a process; a method to recapture
“What about her? Was she hurt? Is she alright?” He can feel her pulling on him.
I try to focus on Sherlock’s face in the fog of incoherent reasoning he’s just swamped me in.
“It's ok… stay calm…” His voice is mercifully empty of the emotions tumbling around inside him; fear, sadness, regret and longing. The darkness is ebbing towards him now, surging and retreating in little waves, like the tide coming in.
able to identify an airline pilot by his left thumb?" John is grinning a bit more unabashedly now and there's something disturbingly hopeful and inviting in his expression.
Billy's smile widens and gains a precocious edge. “Annabelle Listrom. 7th grade. Kiss on the old wooden bridge on a warm summer day in late July.”
“Sorry,” he mumbles.
Mycroft rolls his eyes to the ceiling and lets out a harsh breath. “Do grow-up, Sherlock! This childish rebellion is disruptive and others will be hurt.” Mycroft leans back and snaps his book closed with an air of finality. His features smooth to that cool calmness as he slips the book back in his pocket. “ The rules are for the protection of all. All lives end... Caring is
It can be completely logical - clinical.
It's clear that the stupid mistake he'd made (fleeing from that first night with Sherlock) can’t be fixed by a
to protect you from getting close to someone because you know the damage they can do if you actually care."
Enough to make your eyes go crossed...
to somehow save him from this invisible force wringing the life out of him.
...Or is the truth in the atoms, surrendering their innermost power to transform; becoming broken?
When I'm done I've found no more clarity. Worse yet, trying to work through what is a real concern and what is a paranoid delusion leads me to remember in vivid detail the dream from the previous night and that has me throbbing
“No. Not today,” Watson growls, glaring at the shadows. He gives himself a mental shake and turns away, marching to pre-op to prepare for surgery.
recall what's happened five seconds ago. I’m not a bloody goldfish. My brain is, in fact, a
Sherlock begins pushing back against John’s firm, solid body. The feeling of his muscular thighs flexing against the back of his own legs and John's chest against Sherlock’s bare back is so deliciously strong and powerful that Sherlock moans, driving back harder. Just knowing John is inside him makes him so close he is holding onto his base with a fierce, white-knuckled grip. He wants John to come first. He can’t be lost in the post-coital haze when John goes over the edge.
"Yeah, well, you're being a bit
lips.
“Sorry, sweetie,” Irene says with a sigh. “Sounds like she was just having a bit of fun with you." She rises to her feet. "Probably mistook you for the
"Sherlock, do you know what's happened?"
He will ignore him, refuse to react, and John will eventually go away.
The wounded soldier glances back at the figure in the long coat who frowns then disappears. The soldier turns his wide, green eyes back to Captain Watson and nods weakly.
It took some time for the doctor to process this new bit of information. He had certainly tried to avoid thinking of Sherlock’s sexuality in their time together, with varying levels of success. What little information he had was vague, confusing and seemed to contradict itself. There was the
The sense that the entire world is asleep makes it harder for Watson to resist the pull of his own exhaustion. His mind is fuzzy and blurring on the edges and, despite his determination and discipline, his thoughts persistently wander off the charts he's trying to focus on. With a start, he realises once again that his attention has been pulled, as if drawn by some invisible thread, to the corner of the tent. If he looks over again, he knows he'll find
"More likely to break than fracture. Breaks are serious. That's a sharp edge of bone that can damage major blood vessels, or puncture your lungs or major organs."
No, tonight his body will
“What now?” He asks rather than voicing his dark tangle of thoughts.
“Just do it, John.”
"I know you're in there. Let me in," a familiar baritone growls.
He flops backwards onto his bed and rebounds with a grunt at the force of the impact. His hands scramble over his body, peeling off his clothing with all the urgency of them being on fire. Lying there, breathless and naked with his body already damp with sweat, he stares up at the ceiling.
"Sorry, hope you don't mind if I take care of myself," Sebastian says casually, already settling in at the urinal. "While we're here and all, might as well get some
"Evidence." He clasps his hands behind his back and his expression is closed off: his spine straightens, and a hard, impassive mask slips over his face. "Evidence could have been washed away."
"I can do it," Sherlock lies, voice only a husk. He reaches for the buttons again but doesn't resist when John pushes his hands away. It's a token protest. He hasn't the energy for any real fight. He keeps his eyes open just enough to see John crouching in front of him again. Sherlock considers making some comment about how they keep ending up in this position but John's face is twisted into a scowl of worry and Sherlock doubts it's in good taste to comment on such things.
The revelation is so sudden and forceful that John's head falls back to smack against the cement again.
He traces the path of John's fingers across his cheek to his ear and considers what John saw and what he felt when he did the same. What made John believe Sherlock was touchable - worth desiring - when no one else ever had?
Rick turns to the cameras. “And for you at home, on behalf of NBC-International, we are proud to say that we will always support our LGBT Olympic athletes. Move over June, February is the new Pride Month! And remember, Love Wins Gold!”
Suddenly I’m filled with white hot anger, watching him stand there in his perfect pressed shirt with his muscled arms and gleaming white truck behind him like he ain’t suffered one second the whole time since he went and died. I can’t see nothing but his pursed bottom lip as I lunge down off the stairs and charge at him, grabbing his collar in my hands and walking him backwards ‘til his back slams into the side of his truck. I swing back my hand for a punch when I feel his body ready itself for a fight, and then he shoves me off of him like it’s nothing, ducking my arm and throwin’ me to the ground before I can kick him in the shin.
“He’s a professional surfer,” Sherlock says.
Greg smirks despite himself. “The jacket does something for you, eh?”
They fall into rhythm—something like relief coursing through the sheets, building desire finally set free, nothing held back anymore, nothing uncertain.
shirtless. And yet here in this poorly lit, muddy, chlorine scented beach shower, in front of a man who’s already even seen his tattoo up close and gasped at it in wonder, Sherlock feel nerves roiling through his gut. His fingers tremble as he goes for the far right shower head, and his stomach sinks down into his toes when he realizes it’s broken.
“Look, Scotty, I appreciate everything you’ve done for me today. I really do. But I can’t – I just ..”
The back door slides open.
. Cool saltwater rushes over his cock in the wake of Sherlock’s palm, exploding across his hot and pulsing skin in bursts of cold foam as John groans deep in his chest and comes. Sherlock’s other arm grips him by the chest, pulling John back and close into his body while his fingertips reach up to trail along John’s neck as he throws his head back towards the sky. John’s orgasm shatters out from his bones and gushes across the surface of the sea, hurtling out towards the horizon from the point of Sherlock’s palm still caressing his penis beneath the water. Sherlock moans into his ear.
Greg reaches up his hand to stabilize the stretcher from swinging too wide. His eyes look wet. Behind him, Dom and Patrick have already continued shoveling again to try to find the patient. Elsa still barks deeper into the crevasse.
He laughs, a beat too late. “Wow, I . . . I was so caught up in the race, I guess I just didn’t stop to think that this hadn’t been done before.”
—Sherlock Holmes. It’s almost too much to comprehend.
when I let you come down my throat.”
Relief floods her face. “Ah, thank you. There is a man here—a John Watson. He is on the approved visitors list. Would you like us to let him in?”
I cough and clear my throat, feeling formal in the midst of chaos. My mind races and reels – like I’m drowning in their words and don’t know which way is up. Which way is air.
Something else happened entirely. Something which I’ve never thought to put into writing before. In all honestly, would rather live in a hole or bury my face in the dirt than ever even think about in the light of day before, let alone write down.
I sigh against his forehead, holdin’ his weight with my chest. “Why is that?”
I think of this one last time as Sherlock’s warm lips move up the side of my throat. As his hands grip my sides through the thin cotton of my undershirt, begging me to touch him and be touched.
Simon, in German: “Say yes, or you stay here on the edge. I will not lower.”
“Where the hell you been these years? I’m not you – can’t figure it out in two seconds like some loony bin son of a bitch,” I say.
Those words, said in that voice, send a zipping trail of heat straight down Sherlock’s spine. He rolls his eyes to gain a moment to recover before laying down flat on his stomach to start paddling.
“So, looks like the swells will be high enough after all,” he says.
John lets his mind slip away and his body take over as he leaves Scotty farther behind with every paddle. He can feel the rushing surge of the wave behind him now, scooping up the tail of his board and lifting him up towards the sky. It’s going to be a full barrel. He can feel it. With a grunt down in his gut John grips the sides of his board with trembling fingers and hoists his feet up behind him, toes gripping to find purchase under the power of the wave.
John opens his eyes—how embarrassing; when had he closed them?—and sees that Greg’s are wet.
John shrugs and gives a half-smile. “Just . . . they’re old skiing mates, I guess. We met one year in France at a lodge. They’d heard about my placing today and . . . came by to say hello.”
Suddenly, breaking the silence, the sound of a helicopter roars above our heads. Watson looks up, shielding the sun from his eyes with his hand, and whispers under his breath.
Molly?” I cry.
So he’d waited. He’d stayed inside and inland and salt-free and dry. And he’d joined Greg and Molly for beers in their backyard far away from the water where they asked him all about the beaches on Oahu and sent him wet smiles when they thought he couldn’t see.
“Right,” John says firmly. “Here’s what we’re gonna do. I’m gonna get all my shit that’s sitting outside, and you’re gonna clear out a drawer for me so I don’t feel like I’m in a fucking hotel. Then you’ll sit down and eat something because you look like you’ve lost ten pounds since I last saw you. And I’ll tell you about all the shit and fucking red tape I had to go through this last week so I could move my life out here.”
Sherlock scoffs. “Greg—”
Sherlock’s chest pangs, and a small moan escapes from the back of his throat. He feels the ghost of John’s lips pressed against his own. Feels the memory of his head rolling heavy and limp in his palm. He makes it back to his stuff and heaves his board under his still shaking arm, then books it up towards the road to hitchhike back up to Hermosa.
I force myself to speak, feeling like I’m three steps behind without knowing why. “So you’ve just been having some bad luck?” I say in the silence. He smirks and laughs under his breath, not confirming or denying.
“Oh, gladly.” Sherlock appears at the bottom of the stairs, dressed impeccably in a navy blue suit John would swear he’s never seen before, his curls freshly styled, adjusting his cuffs. “I’m doing the interview in Russian.”
, he’s been there countless times, and then, when the time came for him to finally get to be in Greg’s shoes, he did what? Zoned out and thought about rainbow colors for eight minutes, probably giving stifled and trite one-word answers, and didn’t even fully pay attention until John put himself in the spotlight and placed a hand on Sherlock’s knee, just to check on him. One chance, he’d had
He looks back ahead and after a minute one corner of his lips quirks up into a grin. It makes me breathless and shaky.
She looks quickly back and forth making sure other nurses aren’t near. We aren’t supposed to know their names – I know because they told me that on my first day here, a little insignificant line in the midst of hours of new information, as if that wasn’t anything out of the ordinary at all.
Sherlock was sitting at the table bent over a microscope. Or, at least he was trying to bend over. His belly has grown so much since I wrote in here last month. He gets rounder every day, and our little girls have finally popped out his belly low and full.
“It’s fine.”
His eyes are two glittering stars, fixed and burning into my own. Fixed and burning straight through to my mind. He leans closer, and suddenly I flinch.
that he need only look up at the screen to know: theirs is the last time trials group, and the official rankings are being calculated in real time as skiers finish. He knows his name is up there somewhere. Knows, as the skiers dwindle, and the final skier finally crosses the line, that he could put himself out of his misery and just
But then he catches sight of his gigantic, flushed face on the screen, awkwardly stuttering for words, and he pulls himself together, standing up straight like he once did for inspection and ignoring the pain in his shoulder.
It’s the only word he knows.
Then he whispers my name and crashes his lips to mine once more, gripping my thick, soft hair in his fingers and moaning into my mouth. Licking inside.
Sherlock sucks in a deep breath, filling his lungs as they press out against the skin-tight layer of lycra. He tells himself that the churning in his gut is just because he’s hungry, not something as silly as nerves. They’re looking at him, now, waiting for his signal to start. He sets his jaw and starts to silently shuffle his way to the gate, already halfway down the course in his mind, flying through the icy air and shards of ice and plumes of snow, when:
“Obviously, you both survived.”
And John watches as Sherlock paddles just to the left of the breaking point, perched on his board above the heaving swells of the deep. Sherlock looks back towards the shore straight at him, a silent signal that he’s about to take the next wave barreling in towards the shore. And John whispers his own prayer softly into the wind.
But enough about all that softness and sadness.
Watson: “What do we got?”
He feels ridiculous. It feels amazing. Unprecedented. There’s a tingling at the base of his spine – one that started the moment John popped up on that last wave and dropped in, fringe flying in the wind, calves bulging and clinging to his board, back broad and strong as he crouched low and practically flew into that pipeline while the crowd around him gasped and held their breath. He can feel the memory of the muscles on John’s back underneath his own fingertips. The memory of the taste of those chapped, salty lips on his tongue. It’s an absolute miracle he’s managed to stay completely still, face betraying nothing. It suddenly occurs to him that this must be what his mom felt like on the inside when she would stand up in church and raise her hands up to the ceiling and shout, swaying and clinging at her cross necklace like she’d fall apart without it, like her skin just couldn’t contain the wild joy bubbling up inside of her. The need to swing her body and bellow with her lungs. Maybe John Watson is his new Jesus Christ. The thought makes him wish she were here beside him, watching his first and only friend in the world surf across the sea she’s never seen.
Interviewer: “Yes, we did.”
“I just went out there to test the current,” Sherlock says. “Rumor going around of a riptide flowing southeast right after the breaking point, but that’s total bullshit. Florence and Trent have heard about it, though, and they’ll stay clear to avoid it. Use this. Hang back farther out than you normally would and wait for the largest swells that break first. You’ll be able to catch them while they’ll just have to dolphin dive under. You’ll have to surf your ass off on them, and don’t wipe out underneath one of those, but if you can hold it down you’ve got this round in the bag. Move on to the finals.”
John thinks as they walk in gentle silence that Chris is absolutely nothing like the man he’d been picturing. His name, and the fact that Sherlock somehow knew him in connection with being willing to perform a ceremony like this, meant John had been picturing some young New Age dude from San Francisco or New York, fresh in Hawaii with a string of fake puka shells around his neck, chanting something about Krishna like the parades of people he’d seen the last couple years in orange robes along the downtown LA streets.
“You’re gonna miss the start, dear! Come on!”
She shakes his hand so hard John nearly loses his balance on the narrow bench.
John frowns. “Because I what?”
“That’s right, Rick,” Sonya continues. She adjusts her legs until they’re perfectly crossed. “Breaking in the interview couch are two of the biggest names to grace alpine skiing in the last decade, four-time Olympic Gold medalist Greg Lestrade, and Vancouver silver medalist and Pyeongchang Super-G Gold hopeful Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock stops just before him. There is a magnet between him and Greg’s body, strong and pulsing, drawing him forward like gravity itself. He suddenly feels he’s back up at the very top of the course, the tips of his skis hanging over the edge into nothingness, his body swaying forward waiting for physics to yank him into a fall.
He continues, in French: “I hope I never hear it again.”
“We’re giving you something for the pain,” I hear her say. “It’s kicking in. Dr. Watson, do you think you can look up at me?”
“Was his shoulder sore? His leg?” Sherlock had asked, almost robotically.
Sherlock laughs and goes to get the blanket anyway. He knows John’s interest when he sees it – and it shocks him deep in his core to realize that he could even know another person so thoroughly. They lay the blanket out on the lower part of the shore and relax over the soft sand. John goes to lean back on his elbows and winces.
“Ready, Watson?” he asks, then John grabs his neck and brings him down for a bruising, breathless kiss, nearly laughing into Sherlock’s mouth.
Watson: “Honestly, there’s something about the ice, you know? Being out there, on the most remote rescues, when you’re far away from the ski lifts. The ice is beautiful, endless. It blinds your eyes, burns your skin. It’s like a pearl on fire. And you’ve only got so much time to stand on it before it swallows you up – literally kills you with its own hands. And it’s a clock between who’s going to lose it all first, you or the patient. And that is the only reason why I’m here, doing what I do in this place: the patient.”
John presses a final kiss to Sherlock’s mouth before pulling back, bringing their foreheads together. “I’m sorry,” he whispers. “I just couldn’t --- I had to. Just in case.”
“—if you had just spoken in your normal French. Not all of that ‘oh, what is this word you are saying?’ and ‘can you repeat the question, please?’”
Instead he looks up, half-wincing, to see Johnny Watson, holding out a towel he’d grabbed from the rack back inside, physically placing it in Sherlock’s fingers when he doesn’t immediately move to grab it.
Watson, turning pink as he mumbles: “Five-night stand, more like. . .”
-A few of you have asked if I’m writing anything next. I am! I’ve already started on a short little Johnlock crossover of the “San Junipero” episode of Black Mirror, and there’s a historical priest!lock plot bunny in my head that just won’t let me sleep at night. . . We'll see! So stay tuned.
—back to his fantasy life where he was loved by Greg Lestrade. Where he came home each night to Greg’s strong, open arms, and it was everything Sherlock never deserved, and everything that made him Sherlock Holmes, and so much more than enough.
As always, thanks to P for her heroic translation efforts and incredible help. And thanks to all of you for joining me in this universe. Your kind comments after last chapter were so appreciated.
John swallows hard. Remembers the countless times he’s sat down at a breakfast table to two pairs of eyes quietly glancing up, two mugs of coffee raised briefly in hello, two voices murmuring his name, glad that he’s there. One head leaning back for a kiss to warm lips, and another head bent down over an iPad, covered in messy curls.
I wonder desperately if he realizes that I’ve had enough, and it’s been a good run. That that’s what I told myself before I saw him standing in the sand just hours ago.
I remember the precise moment I decided to start up this journal of sorts. It was just yesterday, so I guess it’s not really that incredible that I remember. I was finishing an orange, far too sour and that should have ripened for another two days on the counter, and running the tips of my fingers briefly under the tap in the sink to rinse them, when the thought struck me like a brick.
It fades to black.
Greg, his Gregory, who was familiar, and sturdy, and intricate, and
Greg finally looks up at his face through the dim shadows, illuminated by the fluorescent lights seeping under the door from the shining hallway. Sherlock’s eyes glow in the dimness, like fresh snowflakes in the middle of the night.
Tais-toi : shut up / shut it
“‘Hardly have had a moment to breathe outside the training,’” Sherlock parrots, perfectly imitating the lilt of his accent. “And whose bloody fault is that, exactly?”
to say goodbye to somebody.
It’s been one hundred and thirty-seven hours since he last held John Watson. One hundred and thirty-six since he last saw him. The knowledge that that number will only ever grow towards infinity leaves a thudding ache in his chest, drowned out by the heaving drone of the wind whipping across the churning surface of the ocean.
It’s just . . . the bloody Olympics.
Greg turns back around, gasping for breath and ready to fall over.
I call out his name when I finally make it to the short gravel path. Throw down the bike and leap off in a rush, stumbling over my aching legs as I run towards the cliff.
I ask him that like I’m just teasin’ him, like he’s too picky or too strange to choose a woman and settle down and be a good upstanding man like me. Like I’m expecting him to say something like “well, actually, I’m putting the moves on a little girl down in Childress,” or something like that to ease the dark pit in my chest.
Instead, Greg simply waits. He crosses his arms over his chest and looks everywhere but at the heap of lycra-covered limbs sprawled across the exam table. At the dark curls still damp from sweat and snow.
“Sort of, yeah.”
John hums, briefly lifting his stump from the bed before letting it thud back down. “Yes, really,” he says, continuing the conversation as he settles on top of the comforter and closes his eyes. “As you can see, I’d be terribly inconvenienced. It would take far too much out of me to get you your phone.”
My brain scrambles, trying to catch up. “I thought convicted criminals weren’t allowed to Stay? Or even Visit?”
“Let’s us be like this, yeah?” she whispers, her voice high and false.
is about famous surfer Greg Noll, who, along with a handful of other surfers, were the first men to ever attempt to surf Waimea Bay in 1957.
“Fuck me, John. Shit, that’s it. That’s it. . .”
A dangerous spark flashes across Sherlock’s face, and his jaw tightens. He sits up on the bed and fixes his curls, looking back and forth between John and Greg, but when John only stands tall and resolute, and Greg doesn’t add anything to the conversation, Sherlock frowns.
Simon blinks hard a few times, composing himself, then gives a small, wry smile.
The city in the daytime is fresh air and life. It smells of the sea, and the buildings pierce the sky, and the city’s hidden crevices come alive like gorgeous painted wrinkles, offering their vine-covered secrets of the past as we zoom by with my hands tightly gripping his warm hips.
When he finally opened his eyes he looked down at me so tenderly, a perfect copy of his face the first time after we made love all those years ago. “There you are,” I said. “You’re back.”
But John quickly blinks it away, pulls Greg down for a small kiss, then walks over to Sherlock, doing the same. “I should go shoot for the rest of the afternoon,” is all John says, as if Greg hadn’t just choked back actual tears for the first time all day.
John turns to look at him, and he must see the look on Sherlock’s face because he immediately blanches like a sheet.
He twists a small smile on his lips, a silent thank you, and ignores the fact that his face burns with shame and embarrassment that he’s been so absolutely transparent. That, of course, even in the span of half a day, John saw.
It’s a mantle he doesn’t quite feel ready for, as if he’d snuck into a closet and tried on a Wing Commander’s suit. It almost makes him want to place “normally” tomorrow—in the lower, middle of the pack where he
We had been on a case during the day, a fairly standard one as cases go. It was about six months after he’d come back – I think everyone, Sherlock included, was still getting used to the idea of him actually being alive. I honestly don’t even remember the details, the random series of deductions and evidence that lead to us hunting for a hairclip in the long grasses outside the church. I was so focused on Sherlock’s gorgeous mind whizzing like lightning ahead of me that I didn’t realize exactly what church we were at, or what cemetery we were about to walk into.
“You saw the piece, then.”
My body’s not what it used to be. I creak and groan as I go about pitchin’ the tent and hauling water, chopping up firewood for the weekend and stacking it the way I know Sherlock likes it. I’m thirty-eight years old, and I can feel every day of labor hanging round in my bones, sticking to my back and thighs like tar. Sherlock still moves exactly the same as he did fifteen years ago, that son of a bitch.
Greg’s hand goes to his neck. Camera flashes explode like fireworks through Sherlock’s eyelids. And Greg sighs, oozing confidence and ease, like they’ve kissed at the end of hundreds of races, in countless cities, in front of every packed stadium on earth. Sherlock tastes him, in awe at the calm beating of his own heart, the sense of rightness so intense he wonders how he survived without doing this before.
John’s hand doesn’t leave Sherlock’s thigh. “I just mean – I’ve wanted this, to win something like this, since that first day Greg told me about the surf scene after I came back from the war. Going to work every day and surfing with him, every smaller competition back home, this is all I thought about.”
Last night Molly and Greg had been barbequing some hot dogs on their little patio outside the house in Redondo that Greg bought for them with the savings he’d built up over the last couple years working his way up from being a fresh recruit in the LAPD. John hadn’t mean to stay any longer than it took to tell him that he needed to cancel their surf plans for the next morning, but then Molly had taken one look at him and said that if he went home alone to his apartment and ate a plain sandwich when he could have stayed with them and had bratwurst and homemade potato salad, Greg would have to arrest him for stupidity.
-Credit where credit is due: I re-watched some scenes from Forrest Gump and Apocalypse Now in order to get a good mental image for this chapter. If the descriptions seem familiar to you, that's most likely why.
Sherlock shoots him a sly grin before turning back to the road, right palm resting warmly on top of John’s thigh when it isn’t using the gear shift. “Clearly not everyone thinks I’m an asshole,” he says, squeezing John’s leg.
“To Union Hospital?” she’d said, frowning.
Sherlock huffs. “What and you’re just sunshine and puffy clouds and rainbows all the time?”
before we head out, how charming . . .”
It suddenly seems absolutely impossible that Afghanistan and helicopters and prosthetic legs can even
Sherlock had kissed his forehead once, twice, three times. Imprinting the feel of his mouth onto John’s skin, and then they’d each stepped back with forced, harsh movements. John hadn’t had time to shower, and they hadn’t had the air for any more words. John had dressed and gathered up his things like a ghost roaming through the halls, feeling like the house was abandoned and empty even with him and Sherlock still standing right in the middle of it. He hadn’t allowed himself a final look out towards the sea. If he’d looked it would be admitting he might never get the chance to see it again.
Watson elbows him in the ribs and huffs. Holmes takes a calm sip of tea.
John’s heart sinks deep in his chest. It’s over. It’s all gone. There’s no way in hell, even with his perfect pipeline, that he could ever compete with this. With the pure muscle and grace and elegance that glides along the water as if gravity doesn’t even exist. He’s just resigned himself to turn back towards the shore and escape as quickly as possible when Scotty looks over to him. John’s heart beats once, twice, stops. Scotty stares, and he pulls the aviators down from off of his face as he continues to surf along the crest, all while looking straight at John, and then he wipes out.
“I’m Greg, Johnny’s friend,” he says.
This, then, is the story of how John Watson and Sherlock Holmes had a baby. I hope with the entire depth of my being that it has a happy ending.
(See the end of the chapter for
He blinks once.
“I know it is cold,” Greg says, his voice sounding odd and very far away.
“What’s going on up in that head of yours?” he asks. “Look like you tryin’ to solve world peace.”
He shifts a bit under the sheets, warm and heavy. “Didn’t know sex could be like that,” he says.
Maxine looks at him like he just spoke Spanish to her. “The what?”
Sherlock’s limbs are shaking. The minutes tick by, and the swell of energy exploding across the shore doesn’t die down, and still Sherlock holds his ground waits. Even if John spends the entire rest of the day celebrating his victory with everyone else, Sherlock needs this moment. Just one moment to somehow catch John’s gaze in the crowd and let him know that he’s never seen anything more beautiful in his life than the sight of John Watson catching that last wave. He racks his brains trying to think of something Scotty Holmes would conceivably do for the man who just won the championship he’s known for. It frightens him that he can’t automatically think of the answer – that Scotty is so far away he has to stand there and think hard in order to conjure him up.
“I should never have convinced him to race on the leg,” Sherlock rushes on, his voice growing frantic. “He
Sherlock wanders half a mile down the beach until the soft, sandy shore opens out onto a bed of rocky tide pools, washed over gently by the incoming waves and brimming with coral and starfish. It’s surprisingly empty – no little kids with buckets and shovels running through to catch sand crabs, no frantic parents chasing after them, terrified they’ll fall.
The friend sticks out a hand and chimes in. “Asher. USA. Halfpipe,” he says, the standard Village greeting John is now well used to even after only a few hours. The first man mimics him, “Connor. Canada. Slopestyle.”
“Yes, yes, I’m the young prodigy and you’re the old washed out vet trying to go pro before your knees or your wallet give out. Glad we’ve got those tedious details out of the way.”
” with a shrug and a quick laugh and a, “
Instead he sighs. “Oh, John.”
Alma’s lookin’ at me strange, with worry on her forehead. I smile and reach out to pat the back of her head, her soft hair.
Sherlock swells with silent pride, then turns and catches John’s arm, stilling him. “We’ll get that later. Come swim with me.”
Je sais pas : I don't know.
“His house,” I say.
He realizes Sherlock is staring back at him, beckoning him closer.
“You’re the hottest goddamn thing I’ve ever seen.”
It has been five days, four hours, and thirty-nine minutes since Sherlock Holmes has seen John Watson.
“You sure?” Greg breathes, his voice already thick and heavy with the pull of sleep.
. That this is all just about
John clenches his fist behind his back. “I wouldn’t know. I haven’t seen him. But I trust he can come back from being a bit behind when the pressure’s on, as all competitors have. I would know that better than anybody.”
,” Sherlock finally cuts in, rising to his feet.
There’s a pause at the other end of the line. I realize she probably thinks I’m callin’ for a service not realizing he’s gone.
“--you what? I told you last night I wasn’t doing this. How did you know --”
Now, days later, Sherlock never wants to see that Paralympics spotlight ever again. He wants to fire every single person involved. He wants to burn the Paralympics to the ground. He wants to rip out that newscaster’s voicebox so he’ll never have to hear her stupid, morose, blase news-reading voice talk about
Greg takes a step towards the back door, hesitates, then walks quickly back to John. He presses a quick kiss to John’s lips, dry and devoid of any sensuality, almost professional. John resists the urge to call him Lestrade. To yank him back and kiss him, really
In the background, the foggy silhouettes of a pilot and co-pilot step down out of a helicopter. It is clear that the paramedics grabbed the patient from the chopper literally immediately upon arrival, without even time for the pilots to shut off the engines and step out themselves. They didn’t even carry the patient all the way in to the hangar.
It started all the way back in London. They’d barely even taken a step out of the cab at Heathrow before they heard a chorus of, “
“You think I do not know you?” Greg murmurs, moving so that the medal drags down Sherlock’s stomach, lower and lower and lower. “
Deep down in his brain John knows that he should feel too vulnerable – naked and bared before the edge of the earth with Sherlock’s penis pressed thickly against his back. With Sherlocks’ hands roaming possessively over his wet and trembling skin for the entire open ocean to see.
The camera follows Watson kneeling in the snow beside a young girl. He shifts his body to block her face from the wind blown up by the departing helicopter.
I let my fingers stroke up and down the front of his wool jacket over his chest. We stand there together for a silent moment. I breathe in the scent of the campfire from his hair as I feel the solid weight of him in my arms.
To our surprise, Simon nods.
“I told my Ron,” the woman says, “I told him, ‘Ronnie, we gotta be there a whole hour early to get a good spot. An hour!’ And my Ronnie got here right at ten and you know what? Stands already half full. We’re lucky we even got these seats.”
him. Of course it’s insane. Why else would he have had to wait to find the bravest man on earth for someone to finally say they wanted him? Yes - he knows all of this like he knows every part that makes up a television, a radio, a toaster oven, a car. And yet, he’d thought it would last a bit longer before John pointed that out. At least long enough to kiss him again (lie on top of him, peel his clothes from his body, hold him down into the sand, hear him gasp, feel him arch against him). At least until John wins the competition and walks away with a garland of flowers. At least until he has to leave and go back to Los Angeles . . .
him, and who loves how much he loves John. And Sherlock lies down by his side.
“Hallooo!”
He wants to take Sherlock’s hand and lead him to literally any other beach along the North Shore, or in Hawaii, or in the entire world. Say,
I can see him sometimes out there, when the curtain of mist clears up enough. He’s just a dark figure moving out all alone across the sea of blue-green fog. Sometimes I imagine he looks up and sees me as a little spark of warm fire – the promise of food and hot leather boots to come slowly make his way back to when the loneliness has seeped into his skin and made him feel like wet brown paper. I can’t tell who would benefit more from him feeling that way.
“That sounds like him,” I say.
It’s absolutely nothing like surfing with Greg – all soft comfort and warmth pooling in the pit of his gut and spreading out through the tips of his fingers, smiling across the spray and whooping together for joy.
Applause covers Greg’s words, and John frowns. “He what?”
Sherlock eyes me out the corner of his eye as I laugh. His jaw is clenched.
Watson’s hands suddenly stop fiddling with the carabiner. He pauses for a long moment, so long it seems like he has not heard the question. He licks his lips, then finally looks back up at the interviewer. He meets her gaze, just to the left of the camera.
John feels a smile flit across his lips, then remembers Sherlock’s face as he’d walked away from him, leaving him alone on the airport sidewalk. The smile turns into a shameful grimace. John takes a deep breath and steadies his voice.
Simon and Robbie take the rest of the team to one of the local rock faces to practice belay climbing and bouldering for fun.
I made up Corporal Johnson and his position on the committee (I also largely made up such an official committee), but there are a ton of veterans from all countries in the Paralympics, so it's not too far of a reach. It's also not totally realistic that he salutes John like that indoors, but, let's just say he was overly enthusiastic.
He pulls away and kisses my forehead. “Hello, you,” he says.
“Don’t ask,” I say as I hiss my teeth and rinse my hand out in the freezing water. “Any supper left?”
In the helicopter, Watson’s fingers stray beneath his collar, the now-familiar gesture that means he is surreptitiously touching the chain.
down there in the bloody special seating. You’d’ve known that if you did your
And John doesn’t care if it’s the fucking time trials in the Paralympics that nobody could care less about. He doesn’t care if he could miss every target at this point and still qualify, or ski the rest of the course with his eyes closed.
“You gonna sit on your lazy ass all day?” John huffs out as he reaches him. “Come on, Mr. Top Surfer. Show me what you can do.”
Then I realize as the fluorescent lights hum and blind my eyes that I wasn’t actually saying goodbye to her at all.
John Watson
Scotty shrugs and steals the thermos in John’s hands to take a long sip of coffee. “Dunno. Just tried it once when I was a teenager and realized I was good at it.”
course?” Sonya adds.
The crowd holds their breath, and Greg grips the railing as his knees grow weak, when the camera slowly pans through an open expanse of snow—just an empty, rutted course, scars carved into the earth, until it reaches . . .
“Look, I know I ain’t knowin’ what really happened and all,” she says. “How in hell he managed to .  . you know. But that day I came to visit you in your trailer to tell you ‘bout me and Kurt? You had the same look on your face. Exact same one, like I done went back in time. Only once I saw your room up at the new house that I put all the pieces together.”
Then John watches in awe as Sherlock starts to cry, tears streaming freely down his face as his lungs clench over a wet sob, breath shaking. John completely forgets about the ceremony. Forgets Chris or Greg or Molly or the fact they’re even standing up on the cliff. Sherlock’s crumpling face is the only thing that exists in the world, and John reaches forward and cups Sherlock’s wet cheek in his hand, thumb wiping away the water under his eyes. He steps closer and tries to meet his gaze.
Sherlock wills his mind to go blissfully blank, staring out at the sea and listening to the soft whirls and crackles of the foam as it hisses into the crevices of the tide pools and retreats.
John musters up every tiny ounce of French he’s managed to absorb, cursing himself that he never just sat down and fucking learned so that he could say . . . so that he could tell him . . .
there is a tightness in your hamstring,
Sherlock slowly kisses and licks across his collarbone, down over his pectorals, down the sides of his shaking shoulders, all the while slowly rocking his hips deeper into John’s body, feeling his erection rut heavy and full against John’s hot and pulsing penis beneath him. Letting the heavy weight of his balls push John farther back into the mattress. John’s hands frantically clutch at his hair, the back of his neck, the length of his spine and the very lowest dip of his back as Sherlock leaves a trail of wet, open kisses across his bare skin. He stops to lick at his nipple, moaning around the taste of the hardening bud under his lips, feeling a shiver of heat down his sides as John cries out breathlessly and pushes his chest deeper into the heat of Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock bites his nipple softly between his teeth before moving his lips down, tracing them reverently over the muscles in John’s stomach, moaning kisses over the strong lines of his body, breathing softly over the spot where his dog tags would have laid.
Something in Greg’s tone makes him chuckle unexpectedly. “Am I?”
The day after Scotty’s fourteenth birthday he took apart an old fax machine he found dumped behind the high school where everybody laughed and called him Egg-white, on account of the fact he had the palest skin any of them had ever seen, and he’d committed the social crime of eating an egg salad sandwich packed by his father’s wife on his first day of school there. Scotty tinkered for a week and finally put the fax machine back together so that it only ever printed out Led Zeppelin lyrics. And it was then that he realized that a whole lot of people would pay good money to get a kid to fix their televisions and calculators and radios for half the price it would cost them at a Radio Shack.
Scotty swallows hard and looks at John. He doesn’t look quite so casual anymore. He looks ruffled. Unsure.
“Fuck I need to feel you. Now,” he growls.
It’s a mistake. After what feels like only five minutes he hears footsteps coming his way in the sand and reluctantly turns his head to see John approaching him. He moves cautiously, as if Sherlock will up and run away if he seems too eager. Sherlock nearly groans out loud at his stupidity. He should have just booked it out of there when he had the chance, not waited around like a sitting duck so that John could tell him to his face what he already knows in every cell of his body – that he’s appreciated the help, and it’s all been good fun, but he really has to get back to his real life now. He turns back to the sea and closes his eyes, ears already imagining the way John’s lips will form the words.
"Now I feel like an idiot for not knowing that word before."
I force my eyes open like I’m coming up for air.
Interviewer: “Actually, can we ask, what is it that you keep around your neck? On the chain?”
Sherlock looks up at John, sitting in his boxer shorts in luxurious 5-Star sheets, the scars on his thigh bright pink, his hair a mess and belly full of sushi, two empty bottles of whiskey lying around him in the bed, one of his nipple rings hanging crooked, and realizes that he would rather give up his Gold than have to ever, under any circumstances, be the subject of John Watson’s real wrath.
Sherlock just grins, his chest tight and hot with churning emotion as John looks back at him with a mix of irritation, bafflement, and something like awe.
He’s going to prove them all wrong—every single blubbering idiot who said his skiing career was ruined after he voluntarily dropped out from Sochi just three hours before the scheduled drug testing for “unspecified reasons.”
We wet our feet in the freezing shallows. Gulp down icy air and laugh at each other as we run from the incoming rush of the waves. As it wets the bottom of our trousers and reflects the moonlight off our fresh, young skin. I am even more alive than I was clinging to his hips on a motorbike. Even more alive than I was when I first took a breath on my infant lungs in the World, eighty-five long years ago.
“You were so fucking huge,” he groans.
My stomach feels oily and hot. “Bastard’s cheatin’ us out of a month’s wages,” I say back, pushing my thigh back against his feet. Scott just hums, and that’s the end of that conversation.
Sherlock and I are in a relationship. (a spark of realization, the beginnings of a smile)
“Friend of mine helped design the adapted skis. I didn’t . . . I didn’t realize that spotlight thing was so . . . detailed.”
“Johnny, I’ve been looking for you!” Molly looks flushed, like she ran to him across the beach. “You know your round is in fifteen minutes?”
Sherlock swallows hard. He can’t remember the last time he actually whispered like this, like a schoolkid hiding under the blankets. Something about whispering in the dark with John Watson next to a sleeping stranger makes his heart pump in a strange rhythm he hasn’t felt since he was a small child, amazed by the first time he ever saw snow.
“And who will I be? Huh?” Sherlock turns to me, and the pain I see rip through his eyes is so sudden, so sharp, I feel like I’m getting’ shot in the chest all over again, bloodied flesh in the jungle. “Who in hell will I be to her?” he cries.
Robbie hums: “Not looking good. Greg’s got Watson trying to resus on the way to Visp.”
Je pense que tu devrais lui montrer un peu plus de respect : I think you should show it a bit more respect.
Then I’m gone.
Sherlock’s face makes a horrible expression, like he’s legitimately considering Greg’s words instead of coming up with some witty retort. “I do feel tight,” he says, like he’s speaking to a physician over the phone. “Perhaps I’ll move up my PT appointment to now. We’ll return here after?”
Greg’s whoop echoes out to him across the waver. “Behind you, old man!” he cries, palms cupping around his mouth where he stands next to his board stuck in the sand. “Bomb coming – got your name on it!”
is what you think? How you feel? That you don’t know how close I really want you?”
John’s eyes fly open just in time to see the first skier peering down from the HD screen, sparkling in the white and red of the Canadian flag sewn across his lycra suit. Around him, a sea of phones rise up into the air, ready to take thousands of identical videos of the pinprick of a skier making his way down the winding course.
Sherlock yelps. “You’re disgusting!”
been? And answer my question: why did you not tell me John hasn’t had any interviews?”
, as if he isn’t pushing himself to the absolute physical limit soaring down a cliff of ice. As if he isn’t skiing at ninety miles per hour with only the muscles of his legs and stomach to keep him tethered to the earth.
“That’s it?” he huffs, as if he’s personally offended by the lack of yelling. “The two of you don’t have some master plan to enact which you’ve worked out in advance? No secret speeches already prepared for a moment such as this?”
And still, even now, the icy blast of air from a freezing slope never fails to whip straight through his thin tendons, chattering in his aging bones like a handful of loose screws dropped down onto a sheet of frozen metal.
Je sais pas comment le dire.   :  I don't know how to say it
“I have the money – know of a few places along the North Shore that could be for sale. I’ve been setting down some plans in writing for a new idea I have for a board style for the past year or so. I know how to use all the tools – how to make them. And you could own the place and run the front. Give kids surfing lessons or some shit if you wanna feel humanitarian about it or something since you’ve almost died a million times. Feel like you’re giving back. And then we’d find somebody to run it for us when we’re off at competitions, and we could split all the money, and you wouldn’t have to run all over trying to find somewhere to work that you’ll hate like hell anyway.”
“You already
I was more than happy to do that.
A small brush of lips, a shaky exhale straight into the forgotten mic, a near-pained, breathless moan. Watson rubs his hands up Holmes’ chest, pulling him closer, and the wet sounds of a rolling tongue echo over their breathing into the mic.
-The “US Open” that John mentions is the US Open of Surfing, which takes place each year in Huntington Beach, California (part of Los Angeles). It’s one of the oldest organized surfing competitions still around, with the first one held way back in 1959.
Not until yesterday.
“When I tell you I’m here to stay – that I promise that. Do you believe me?”
Sherlock’s lungs are straining against his chest. He wants to fly, spread his arms like wings and soar up bolstered on the gust of John’s words. His evident relief at finally saying these words out loud. They stop at a red light and John looks over at him all easy and soft and grinning and light. He looks twenty years younger now than he did when Sherlock first ran beside him into the waves following a blaring air horn.
It were only ever twice a year, little one. Sometimes just once. But it was cheating all the same.
Five years. Five goddamn years.
Walter eyes his leg. “I can’t believe they approved that thing for you to stand-ski. Seems like it makes your life a hell of a lot harder.”
“You hear, but do you believe?”
“No, to learn to blink.”
The next words tumble out of John’s mouth so quickly, so effortlessly, he wonders later if he hadn’t just been waiting to say them since the moment he saw Greg standing there in the locker room. Since the second he saw that he was still there.
I closed my eyes. He was like staring straight into the sun. He kissed each of my eyelids with wet brushes of treasured lips. I reached up and swiped back the hair from his face, tracing his scalp by feel alone. He rubbed his nose along mine.
John feels every ounce of anger leave his chest in a rush. He answers Greg’s smile, reaching out to take his hand and hold it. His throat chokes up on his words, and a million sentences float through his mind before he finally settles, lamely, on “I’m so happy for you, for both of you.”
John breathes out a deep sigh and collapses back against Sherlock, one hand still reaching back to grip a handful of his curls. “Shit,” he whispers.
“I . . . I guess not.”
The other three men look at the skiers and chuckle, but no one really laughs.
“It’s not like it’s a
He waits for five minutes, watching the tips of Sherlock’s eyelashes jut out into the warm, soft air, intimate and vulnerable in the breeze caused by John’s breath. He waits as he reaches out a hesitant hand and places it gently over the stubble on Sherlock’s cheek, running his fingertips slowly across the side of his strong jaw before reaching into his hair and scratching the side of his scalp. He waits as Sherlock’s eyes suddenly flutter open all at once, completely awake in less than a second, surprised gaze focusing immediately on John. John looks directly into his eyes, tracking the fluttering droplets of sea in his irises, the way the corners crinkle in soft warmth when Sherlock starts to smile.
” he hears.
The intern is still idiotically babbling, struggling to get a clip-on mic secured to his Team France jacket. Two other producers are talking to him simultaneously, giving him a thirty-second rundown of how to act as if he hasn’t done similar interviews countless times before. He stares over their heads, catching a glimpse of Sonya and Rick with their heads together by the couch, and then—
Greg’s lips brush Sherlock’s forehead, the barest, teasing touch. “In other things, maybe not. But in this . . .” He pulls back just a fraction, and Sherlock finds himself holding his breath. “It is the most difficult thing for me, to be thinking of you in pain—how you must have felt all those years. How alone.”
“He is out? Only him?” Greg puts a hand on his hip, looking unsettlingly like a coach. “
“And have you fall asleep in the backseat?” Greg stands and puts a firm hand on John’s shoulder. “Come on. Guest bedroom exists for a reason.”
Without thinking, Greg grabs the railing in front of them and throws one leg over.
She nods towards the waves still pounding at their backs, and Sherlock realizes he’d completely forgotten the entire Pacific Ocean was even there.
Our names are on a list to never get to visit Time. Same as the murderers and thieves.
“He was there.”
John’s startled from his thoughts of the night before when a tall, dark form appears down on the grey sand, hair blowing in the misty fog that the slowly rising sun hasn’t burned off yet. John fights back a smile and feels a thrill down his spine, grabbing his skateboard and surfboard and hurtling out the door. The streets are sleepy and quiet, suspended in the still fog like a breath waiting to be exhaled come rush hour. Palm trees sag limply in the grey light, fronds gently hushing by him in the breeze as he weaves his way down the slope to the shore.
The airhorn starting the next semi-final heat blares across the hot sand, and Sherlock blinks out of his thoughts to see that the entire crowd around him has resumed their seats, leaving him standing alone among the sea of sunbathing skin and beach towels. In an unfamiliar flash of panic his eyes scan the beach for John, wishing for the first time in his life that someone (John, only John) was saving him a seat on one of those beach towels next to them to watch the next set of surfing.
That’s when I knew we could do this.
John grins sadly at the corner of his mouth despite himself. He feels a part of his chest sinking without fully understanding why. It all seems too good to be true, like a ghost of his potential future passing right before his eyes that will disappear into the clouds if he doesn’t reach out and grab it fast enough. Like trying to grab at a handful of water and hold every bit of it in his palm without leaking.
Holmes gives a soft, nearly invisible grin. We immediately cut away back to Watson in the helicopter. He peers down through the windows as they fly in a circle. The visibility is getting worse, and we can see Gerold shaking his head.
Greg, in English: “Wouldn’t be our Watson if he wasn’t ready for the end of the world at all times.”
Sherlock levels Greg with an offended sneer. “Well, I don’t see you going all Captain Watson on him, if you think he should have acted differently.”
Cut back to Holmes’ view from the go-pro inside the crevasse. We hear his scared, shaking breathing echo against the caved-in ice. The grunt of his hard swallow.
He used to pray for silence, once. For the nothingness of invisibility, and the absence of feeling—never to be too cold again. On his very worst recovery days, those prayers had included the very stopping of his lungs, his heart. He would literally clasp his hands and pray. When he was still sleeping in hospital cots and waking up in the middle of the night with his hospital gown rucked up, his bare stomach plastered to the freezing white tile wherever he’d fallen, sweat pouring down his face, his invisible right leg on fire, imprints of his lost femur etched into his blood-soaked palms. The touch-memory of the way it had grown stiff and cold, clutched in his arms.
He chuckles once, harsh under his breath. “Exactly. But innocent people are convicted, and guilty people aren’t caught.”
Holmes, still coughing: “John, I’m fine. I’m alright. Just a sprain in my thumb –”
, I didn’t need you to step in there in front of me and loom over those kids like I’m some . . . some fucking helpless, incapable—”
Sherlock kisses him before he even fully registers what Greg just said. Then, as the full meaning of the words descend on him—there is euphoria. Some combination of life, absolution, and pride, and a yearning which sends the blood roaring through Sherlock’s body. Christ, he wants to kiss him. He wants to touch and be touched. He wants their love to be set in stone, to be made a physical, touchable force. He wants to—
“—before your prelims. You know that?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He calls out my name when he’s ten feet away, and before I can ask him what in hell’s gotten into him he crushes me in his arms, near knocking me over into the dirt and holding my face in his hands saying “thank God, oh thank God.”
question.”
They have, thankfully, left the curtains cracked open. With the ghostly yellow light streaming in from the Village walkway lamps behind him, Sherlock can just make out the two double beds inside the room, two bodies lying still under the sheets, and neatly organized stacks of gear lined up along the walls.
“His . . . his face. When he left.”
“Greg?”
From the pilot seat, Sam grins as they execute a beautiful turn through a steep pass. Beside him, Watson adjusts his sunglasses and says something in response, while Patrick nods along in the back.
Sherlock groans into his mouth, licking and sucking at his lips. John’s muscles are warm and solid beneath his body, rolling up into Sherlock’s touch, legs entwined at the thigh. Sherlock wants to press himself so solidly into John Watson that they become inseparable.
“But you’re stronger than me.”
I can’t hear any more yelling or movement up above – no footsteps running frantic across the creaking beams of the ceiling. Lungs in my throat I rush out into the empty square. Nearly moan with relief when I see the stranger sprinting out from the alley behind the house, frantically peering through the darkness. He doesn’t see me.
“How’d I do?” John whispers.
Listen to "100 Years Ago" by the Rolling Stones
Sonya laughs, tucking her hair behind her ear, stepping even closer to John. To Greg’s right, the crowds are still waving flags through the air, pulsing with noise.
“Pants?”
“Well, I’ll be damned,” Alma says, shakin’ her head, then she backs into the kitchen. “You can hold her forever, Scott if she’s quiet as a mouse like that. Daddy, you gon’ help me, or what?”
John Watson is standing there.
The nurse looks at me calmly like she never expects in a million years for me to say anything but simply, “yes.”
“Watson.”
And now he’s here, silently crawling into Greg’s room, drawn to him like a magnet, like water to a shore, skis to the snow. In the darkness, to the rhythm of Greg’s sleeping breaths, Sherlock carefully removes his shoes and socks, then his sweatpants and jacket. Everything right down to his pants.
“As if he could have switched nationalities . . .” Sherlock grumbles.
My mind races. I know that I have to say goodbye. Before it’s too late. I have to turn my back on him and the sea before I disappear back to the World forever. My last Visit – just like I’d told myself.
I regret it instantly. I yank the denim outer shirt I’m wearin’ off my back and move to hold it up to his face. He shoves me away hard, eyes wide with fear. I approach him slow like I’d walk up to a scared animal, hand held out still and steady ‘til he lets me put my palm on the side of his face. I mop up the blood gushing from his nose with my shirt in silence. Suddenly he clutches at my shoulders with his hands, leaning forward on his knees until his face is buried in the crook of my neck. I grab on to the back of his wool jacket and hold on for dear life, so tight my knuckles turn numb and white. It’s a blur how and when we make it up off the grass and back to our horses. Sherlock has a trail of blood still smeared across his upper lip, and I bite my tongue from wanting to walk up to him and lick it right off.
John pulls out his toothbrush, then grabs his crutch resting against the counter, double-checking his phone to ensure he read it correctly. “Why did I just receive an email confirming that the
But I’ll give you another example to prove my point that your granddaddy is brave. Always give at least two examples to prove a point—but I’m sure they’re teaching you that and a thousand better things at that school of yours. You don’t need the likes of me no more filling up your head.
The wind scours across the surface of the waves and whips the cold saltwater from his face, hurling droplets into the rolling void of the deep below his board. Sherlock grips his thighs tighter around his board to steady himself against the rocking water beneath him, trying to breathe slow enough to keep his heartrate steady after the harsh paddle out to the breaking point. Hank is still battling behind him – stuck in the shallows and trying to get past the barrier of cresting waves, pushed back again and again by the whitewater no matter how fast he tries to paddle over the tops.
“Can you even see anything back there, little man, or are you just staring straight into my shoulder blade?”
-I'm taking a lot of liberties with the Big Wave surfing world here  - how this competition would have been structured, who would have been in attendance, what the mood on the beach would have been like, what safety precautions (lifeguards, jet ski's, etc.) would have been. Hey, that's why we call it fiction, right?
Sherlock puts his palm on John’s arm, squeezing the tense muscle.  “John, listen to me,” he says in a low, steady voice, and Greg closes his eyes.
When Greg raises his eyebrows to make sure, John waves them off. “I’ll find my room. Maybe check out the rec center to stretch from all the bloody flying. Check out the course and fit in some training.”
John swallows. Feels Sherlock and Greg’s eyes on the side of his face, patiently waiting. He grips Greg’s hand. “See, that’s just the thing. This isn’t a story, really—it’s our lives. And our life is . . . boringly normal.”
On the ice, Holmes suddenly points down into the crevasse. Ten feet ahead of him, Elsa sits and gives a single whine where the crack continues deeper under the thick layer of ice.
This moment is worth every Gold medal he has ever had around his neck. It’s worth every morning he woke up in a bed without John Watson in it beside him. And Greg suddenly knows that he would stand at the bottom of one thousand courses he’ll never be able to ski on, stare at one thousand medals he’ll never be able to win, if it means that he can stand by John Watson in this moment.
“You idiots,” John says, shaking his head. “You’re both icicles.”
Greg shushes him as he runs his palm up Sherlock’s back, letting him fully relax. “
His breath catches in his chest when he turns to see John following him, full out running with his board under his arm and hurling himself into the whitewater and the soft swells like he can’t reach the water fast enough either.
, this again,” Greg says, even though going over it again is the absolute last thing he wants to do. The fear still left in his gut makes him feel sick, and the words pour from his mouth without any meaning. “Do you think that I have skied for so many years without knowing what I am doing?”
John nods and clears his throat. The house seems vast and silent, warping around them in its own private universe where nobody else even exists. “You know I told Greg that . . . that I’m gay. When I was back there. He helped me get everything together so I could get back out here. Told me I was an idiot for not coming back to you.”
“I don’t want out,” John says quickly.
And so Sherlock had single-handedly puppeteered the betrayal festering right at the center of their relationship, threatening at any moment to grow like a cancer until it exploded and burned it all to the ground, leaving damage and heartache and loss.
Distantly, beyond the window, we hear Watson and Greg laughing while playing fetch with a barking Elsa across the helipad. Watson’s voice sounds bright.
Finally Sherlock speaks, and I’m frozen – breath in my throat tight and hanging on every word.
“Lestrade, get my gear.”
Over the booming loudspeakers, he hears the familiar voice of Sonya Wesley filling the stadium, and the crowd erupts with fresh applause.
He smiles. “I’m the best surfer in Hawaii.”
It’s a shock – the fact that the world has kept turning even after he’d turned his back on it. The fact that his brother isn’t still eleven years old, and Lahela’s hair is streaked with grey. Fuck, maybe his father isn’t even Lieutenant anymore.
Someone: “We need resus now! It’s either you or Patrick!”
I think of his cold fingertips pressing gently against the cut on my forehead.
Greg: “Maybe it is the military training. His personality. Whatever it is. But, you do not know what will happen? You need someone to keep their head? You want John Watson there.”
He takes a step forward, and he looks down at me, peering through the shadows and the fog. Moonlight pierces the clouds, illuminating the patch of wet asphalt where we stand, and suddenly we lock eyes, blinking through the dark.
-It may have been a long, slow burn to get here, but I promise there's still more sexy times ahead.
Sherlock, is gone. Possibly forever. Since the moment his lips touched John’s. And
“It seems like a pretty wild place,” she mimics, voice low. “Come on, man, loosen up a bit! This is the eighties! Not the Dark Ages in a church.”
I almost laugh. We’ve just established that he’s an utter genius who hunts down lost criminals on the lam. Whose name is whispered in infamy in hospital corridors, and whose ideas are splashed across the government pages containing the theory of Time. And meanwhile I’m just . . . me.
Next time: It's Sherlock's Super-G prelims, and two words from chapter 1 that a lot of you have asked me about are finally going to make sense . . . :)
be, based on his rankings.
Sherlock cuts off John’s ridiculous apology by gripping his shoulders and turning to slam John back into the wall instead. He needs to taste the salt on John’s lips. Badly. Needs to feel every inch of his strength and muscle underneath his hands, feel the force of the man who conquered the Banzai’s largest waves of the day. He needs taste and subsist on the oxygen and carbon dioxide coming from his warm, wet mouth. To show the rolling mountains at their backs that John Watson is letting him kiss him when he’s just one surfing round away from achieving his dream.
They both nod and wave him off, the universal signal for,
“Yes, well, now he has.”
For a moment, everything freezes.
Interviewer, off-screen: “And now, how are you feeling?”
“You’ll be there today?” he finally manages.
Greg nods, fake-seriously. “You have.” He runs his fingertips up John’s stomach and chest, an unspoken plea to let it be, to save it for later. Silently wishing John to somehow just
mon dieu : God / my God (as an exclamation)
And the smile Sherlock Holmes reveals for only him makes John feel like he just won the Billabong all over again.
Greg had come after him, had known where to find him probably before Sherlock had even started to climb those stairs himself not thirty minutes ago.
Interviewer, with dawning understanding: “The friend whose life you saved, the person you spoke of to us. . .?”
John looks like they’re at home, away from everything, in bed. Like Greg is up and about making tea, and John’s stump is slotted between Sherlock’s thighs for warmth, and they’re going to spend the day in the snow.
So Scotty found new places to sleep, as far from Pearl Harbor as he could possibly get on the tiny island of Oahu. Quit high school and instead devoured every science book he could get his hands on. He studied the ocean with romantic obsession, chronicling her every quiver and breath. He fixed people’s broken clocks and telephones and primitive computing machines in his little trailer for cash under the table, and he wrote a secret letter to Lahela once a month. He scrubbed the spray paint off the face of his surfboard. Went out every morning before the sun and stayed out until he barely had the strength to still stand upright on the waxed wood. And he realized that, since the first time he ever picked up a sharpened red crayon and worked out a physics equation in vibrating, shaky scrawl, he had finally found something he was actually good at.
After a while a cheer erupts behind him, and he turns to see a crowd of surfers part to reveal Johnny Watson at the center, basking in the glow of his newly professional status with a calm, embarrassed pride. He’s shaved since that morning. Showered and changed into jean shorts and a navy and white striped long sleeve rolled up over his forearms. Sherlock watches out of the corner of his eye as Johnny’s handed a beer and gradually moves out to the patio, his brunette friend with the long hair beside him. They stand shoulder to shoulder leaning out on the wooden fence, talking softly in each other’s ears. Sherlock feels absolutely ridiculous watching them. Somehow in the past twenty-four hours Johnny Watson has reduced him from Oahu’s untouchable, unbeatable champion to a brainless, predictable high-schooler, tripping over his own toes in the hallways and clutching a notebook to his chest with a secret photograph tucked inside.
Your granddaddy is a very brave man.
(think these classes sound complicated now? There are NINETEEN SEPARATE CLASSES JUST FOR SKIING ALONE)
Two weeks later I get a letter from Sherlock in the post. It’s the first full letter he’s ever sent me, and my hands shake as I open it. I brace myself to hear that he finally done followed my advice and found a wife, or moved clear away to a big city, or found himself a fancy job that pays well enough to get himself a house and a life far away from driving his white truck up through Bighorn just to sit beside a campfire with a washed up cowboy from Signal.
We watch Watson pause mid-step. He looks back at Holmes across the asphalt. Holmes nods his goodbye.
Holmes, in a voice so tired and soft it doesn’t even sound like him: “I’m surprised it hasn’t fallen off. Told you you should have come with me for a tattoo instead.”
Sherlock’s lips tremble, just barely, then he shrugs one shoulder. “We have Chris as a witness,” he offers.
Greg nods. “Of course, old man.”
Sherlock huffs curls out of his eyes and hunches over into his tightest tangle of limbs, scrolling one more time through the endless emails from journalists—all but a small percentage of whom only want to hear the word ‘gay’ coming out of his mouth instead of seriously discussing his upcoming Finals, or even his professional athletic opinion of John’s record-setting race. As if the graphs and charts and equations he’s scrawled out in the middle of the night since John’s win have been about something as boring as human sexuality instead of trying to pinpoint exactly how John’s prosthetic was able to withstand skiing 18% faster than its previous PB.
John rolls his eyes. “Yes,
When Greg doesn’t say anything,
His voice breaks on the last word.
John swallows down the surprising ball of tight heat in his throat as he grins at Greg now, giving him a silent
, he was revisiting the sight of his second and only other failure. How disgustingly sentimental of him. How pathetically trite.
Watch a video of the Sochi 2014 Men's Super-G Highlights
He wants to beg Greg on his hands and knees to explain to him what the hell this look means—if it’s worry or concern, pride or sadness. If it’s longing, and exactly what for. He wants to plead with Greg to tell him if the look on his face is blinding pain, to confirm or deny Sherlock’s choking fear that he keeps seeing stifled misery in the lines around Greg’s mouth. Why the look on his face now is nearly indistinguishable from the way Greg had looked at him right before saying “
“Shit! Sherlock, you fucker, I’m not—!”
“John,” he says again. He hesitates, then turns towards John, waiting for him to do the same. John holds his breath as Scotty’s hands slowly reach up to settle down on top of his shoulders, grip warm and firm. Scotty’s pale eyes flicker in the morning light, and his curls blow softly across his forehead. John feels a moan on the tips of his lips.
Greg takes a deep breath. “I do not know. But, we can try. We have to try. We can . . . we can be free. Free of the hiding.”
. Normally before the races he is . . . well, you have seen how he is. I am hoping that means he is prepared, but . . .”
. You will be alone and sad and John and I will fulfill
“Of course we waited for you,” Greg whispers, bringing his hand up to lightly grab the sleeve of John’s jacket. “We would always wait for you.”
Greg traces his hands over miles of bare, warm skin, shivering at the lines of new muscle surging up under his palms, the new broadness to John’s shoulders, the hard strength of his upper arms, the press of his flat stomach, the terrifying clench of his thighs around his own waist.
He likes to close his eyes in the other room and track the intimate changes of their voices, how they speak quieter as they gradually draw nearer on the couch, imagining legs tucked around thighs, arms across shoulders, lips hovering near ears. Listening to John’s voice get raspy and deep with each swallow of whiskey, and Greg’s velvet accent become more and more unspooled—streams of rolling Frech which John can’t even pretend to understand, but which make him laugh, then sigh, then groan when Greg repeats those hushed words into his ear. The warm corner of his jaw.
Then he brushes that thought aside. John Watson didn’t choose to fall in love with a bastard who pushed him off a cliff on a monoski for nothing.
I blink back to the present. She’s waiting for me. “You look so lovely,” I say. My voice is hoarse and shaking.
Greg nods in sympathy. “You will have plenty of time to get back into the slide of things—”
Instead it’s from John.
An older woman, movin’ slowly like she’s been sick, stands out in the doorway. Somehow she knows who I am. I follow her in and sit down at a little wooden table and look at Sherlock’s parents. His daddy sits straight backed across from me at the table while his ma roots around in the kitchen slower’n a snail tryin’ to make coffee. I barely stop myself from staring. I don’t see a lick of Sherlock in either of ‘em.
So yeah, Sherlock solves crimes over the phone when he could literally start giving birth to twins any second, and I hold up fingers to him when it’s time for him to hang up and do things (1: go to the bathroom, 2: drink water, 3: eat food, 4: let us stand together with our hands on his belly so we can feel our daughters’ kicking, 5: kiss me and let me remind him he is my sun).
John takes him by the wrist and starts to lead him away. “Here let’s get you some air. There’s nothing more you can do.”
Just the thought of those words feels like acid in his mouth. He lets himself say the first part - the part that would have seemed absurdly impossible just two weeks ago.
But no brilliant idea presents itself, and he’s still just standing in the middle of his room half-dressed for no reason.
Yes, I remember it now. I’m dying.
“Need to do? I don’t
Then, after glancing back and forth between the two groups, John takes a few hesitant steps toward the golf cart, suddenly stranded in a vast, empty chasm between two staring worlds.
Holmes’ voice: “Missing Zermatt.”
Elinor and Gwen, Elinor and Gwen, Elinor and Gwen. Gwen and Elinor.
and not your bloody five year old child.”
His mind is racing, aborted sentences dying on his lips as he struggles to come up with a better, cleverer, less immature response when he feels Johnny’s warm hand briefly grip his upper arm. It knocks the wind out of him. The soft, anchoring pads of his fingers.
We hear someone from back inside the crevasse call up that they heard.
We park, and he walks to the edges of the sand, drawing his jacket tighter around himself in the chill. I quickly grab my glasses from inside and throw them on, then walk out to join him with a blanket in my hands.
“What the –”
We walk side by side in silence, following the liquid, twisting curves of the city, guided by the stars and the moonlight, far away from the thronging groups of people back at the center. His coat brushes against my ankles as we walk, and the fogs of our breaths mix in the thick, syrupy air. I want to look at him, but I don’t. I realize with a rush of shame and excitement that I don’t give a shit where we’re going. Who he is or how he knew I would be there or whatever in hell we’re about to go do.
Would know them lying on his back in the cold sand as he died, remembering the only thing that could make him happy in those moments. Telling a hazy pair of missed brown eyes that he didn’t want this to be the end. That he was scared.
Greg’s chest physically aches as he gazes up at him from the snow. At the stadium lights reflected in John’s eyes, and the way the Union Jack’s colors look gorgeous against his shining skin, and the glistening sheen of moisture on his lips from Sherlock Holmes’ mouth.
“There’s no way in hell you can surf here,” John says from behind him. “The water’s totally flat.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Greg silently nods his head. Forgiveness. He sits and waits for John to speak, and John fights against the urge to just swim out towards the swells and leave this moment far behind him. He doesn’t even know what he could possibly say. He’d stared at the ceiling half the night before, wishing the solution would come to him.
whereas you simply saw an opportunity and
Sherlock smiles at the cleverness of
Warm. Texture like-
really." John flops back against the wall with a sigh. "Got, um, classes... tomorrow... and Mike - um… you're
“Eight. First thing you’d save if the flat caught fire?”
When they'd played Cluedo, John had followed those words by lunging at him and wrestling with him to try to get the game pieces back. The whole thing had ended with most the pieces in the fireplace and the game board pinned to the wall with a knife, but Sherlock had been treated to John's hands and body scrambling over him.
she replies. I straighten and cut my eyes over to her.
” John’s gaze is on his lips again. “Like… an experiment. You like experiments.” John shrugs with the shoulder he isn’t resting on. “That’s what people do in uni - experiment - find out what works - what they like.”
As I watch, the figure transforms and a violin is lifted and merges with his silhouette; pressed between his chin and shoulder. Heavy notes leaden with sadness, passion and longing sink down to the street, giving the ordinary world a magical quality. People walking by look up and around, trying to catch sight of the source of that siren call. The figure turns and glides away, the notes retreating with it.
He quickly shuts down that line of thought when he feels the swell of grief as sharp and potent as the moment when McDonnell’s heart bled out in his hand.
“Why do you need mine, then?”
“Come on then. If you're determined to take me on
"Right," he finally says, shoulders sagging in resignation. He slowly sinks his fingers into Sherlock's hair again, and this time waits for the little shivers to stop before he moves.
to fill in the blanks, he could satiate his need back in his own bed with a complete John in his mind.
“John.” His tone says nothing so much as you will be mine and don't be foolish enough to resist. His eyes are fixed on John’s throat and his mouth is watering with the renewed desire to taste that bit of flesh that his cheek was pressed to the night before; the muscle where the curve of John's neck meets his shoulder. He needs to caress it with his tongue, worry it beneath his teeth and discover the way John’s skin gives way, the taste of him, the noise John makes. So many things yet unrevealed, unexplored, uncatalogued.
“Fascinating.” The figure’s eyebrows climb to beneath its curly, black fringe and it pushes closer, head tilting in curiosity. Its voice is a soft rumble in the void. “You hear me?”
Sherlock had been terrified.
John nods; his smile growing. He lifts his hands and the bottle of lube appears in the right one.
Angelo returns just long enough to slide a lit candle onto the table and it rouses Sherlock from his contemplations. He looks down and is startled to see three-quarters of the plate of pasta gone. He wipes his mouth with the napkin and reaches for the candle, which bears a small note in John’s handwriting.
"So where'd he find you? Follow you home or something?"
Sherlock steeples his fingers together a moment, his eyes narrowing on John as he does one last mental confirmation of the question he finds to be the essential staring point.
In the sudden quiet of his new stillness, where even his breath is held hostage in his chest, the sound reaches his ears of John’s rapidly retreating footsteps, thumping up the staircase to the ex-soldier’s room.
Things proceed… fine...
Sherlock opens his eyes and straightens his spine. He hardens his expression with a mask of cold determination as he takes a step towards the bed.
