John never looked up at him. He just stared at the wall. ‘So now you’re going to watch me?’
‘True, but you’d likely spend a week or so in hospital recuperating,’ said Lestrade with a frown.
Sherlock made slow work of unzipping and pulling down John’s pants.
John tried to fight, but his muscles were weakened by the hormones raging through his body, and the two men were much stronger than John despite his military training.
'You're asking me to leave John?' admonished Sherlock.
Sherlock half blinked and looked to Greg. ‘He’s my friend.’
‘I heard what Lestrade said!’ John shouted. Then he tucked his face into his knees. ‘Really, Sherlock, I’m hurting and I really don’t want to be in the same room with you.’
, Sherlock.’
‘There is always someone else you can ask.’
John’s scent was intoxicating, and it certainly urged on Sherlock’s arousal as he positioned himself between his legs. Sherlock swallowed and rested his head on John’s collar bone.
‘Help me get him to the floor,’ gasped Lestrade. They laid John’s limp, unconscious body supine on the rug. ‘He’s burning up. We need to be quick about this.’
‘Since when do you know how I take my tea?’
‘My room,’ John added. He couldn’t believe that he’d just volunteered that, but there you have it. He said it. He might as well have begged for Lestrade’s cock.
, his lips fluttering over the sensitive flesh, the more he found that his hips were pressing back into Sherlock’s, and his head turned even more to invite Sherlock’s embrace.
‘What does John need with boiling water?’ Sherlock did not look up from the quietly rumbling kettle but took the offered bottle.
He shouldn’t be able to, but John was so super sensitive that he could feel the jet of fluid being ejected into his bowels.
John nodded, but covered his face behind his hands.
'John, what's wrong?' Sherlock was becoming frantic.
He sniffed at a lingering wetness in his nose and reached for the bar of soap; Sherlock’s favored brand. He clutched it to his chest and fought back the tide of emotion.
‘Jesus, you
Alone with John in such an intimate position Lestrade made his attempt at small talk. ‘When you took your bath . . .’
Sherlock did not ease John’s nerves. Had they been at hospital, John would have put him on oxygen.
John nodded with pursed lips. 'What do we need to do for Sherlock now?' What can I do?' He looked up from the kitchen table soberly. 'Sherlock what are you feeling? What are you going through?'
John’s voice cracked as he shouted, ‘So you can talk about how crazy I am? I’m not the crazy one!’
‘Are you going to wash or just turn into a prune in there?’ asked Lestrade, kindly.
Lestrade carried him to the tub and gently dipped him into the water.
‘I’ve got a fever. I know that. Sherlock says it’s a “heat”, like I’m some kind of dog or something. He showed me a prescription, hormones with my name on them. He says I should have been taking them every day. I’ve never seen them before. I don’t take hormones; I don’t need to! I – I don’t know what he’s on about, but I need to see a doctor. It’s getting worse.’
Greg was genuinely surprised that Sherlock was able to speak so eloquently everything considering. Greg had been fairly certain that Sherlock had fallen into the well-known type of psychosis that alphas during ruts experienced. The common symptoms were already obvious in Sherlock's behavior. There was the quiet but obsessive focus on John's sleeping form, and Sherlock's inability to voluntarily leave leave John's side. Then there was the near complete inability to eat or drink, or even verbalize answers to Greg's prodding requests.
John reached for his penis and tugged. He needed only seconds before he was spilling across the already soiled sheets. He convulsed rhythmically around Sherlock’s member.
Sherlock was off of the bed instantly. ‘Where’s my phone. I’ll call him now and get you – ’
John fell asleep almost instantly.
John nodded against his shoulder. ‘Yeah.’ Fuck Sherlock for knowing where he kept his lube.
John whined and lifted his knees higher to angle the thrusts deeper. John's breathing slowed noticeably, and both of his hands grabbed at the clenching buttocks of the hips thrusting into him and pulled lightly, struggling to get the head of the member inside of him to strike against his cervix just right. His head tipped back and his eye lashes fluttered, and the internal orgasm crashed over him like a wave. He sighed and moaned as his body sang with an all encompassing nirvana. His fingers and toes tingled with an electric charge from muscle contractions in the center of his pelvis. Wave after intense, clenching wave ravaged John, and his channel squeezed around the member inside of him, and it only intensified the sensation as his body tried to pull the twitching member deeper inside. As the orgasm slowly ebbed, John relaxed his muscles in his stomach and legs.
, John reminded himself.
John huffed a quiet, sleepy laugh.  “You’re righ’, y’know. I do love you. Always have.”
, Sherlock.”
She laughed in spite of herself. "Then you're in luck. A
Hey look, I FINALLY FINISHED IT!!
Sherlock stood and strode to the door. The last thing he said before sweeping out of the room was, “You are most certainly not the only one.”
." The word was slightly breathless. Sherlock glanced up and down John's body once more, to be certain. John's shoes were shined, his spine rigid. His shirt was tucked tightly into his trousers, wrinkled from the crush of the tube and the bus, but creases still evident from the immaculate pressing John had given them prior to leaving the flat.  There was a smudge of dirt on one of John's shoes; he had been in nature.
“Patience,” Sherlock purred, teasing admonishment light in his voice. He pushed into John slowly, letting him feel every inch of him sliding over that sweet spot. John was exquisite, mouth open in a helpless pant as Sherlock folded him nearly in half and dragged out his pleasure. John tried to insinuate a hand between them, scrabbling desperately for his prick. “Don’t,” Sherlock commanded. “Not yet.”
Truthfully, Sherlock was a bit nervous. Regardless of what he'd said before, he wasn't
Sally snorted. "Of course you're not fine. Why the fuck would you be fine? You'll get there, for sure. You deal with much worse than this on a daily basis, the worst of the horrors. So yeah, eventually, you will get on with life and be happy and everything won't be so fucking hard on the time. But, it's going to take time."
Sherlock pierced John with such scrutiny -- even for Sherlock -- that John began to squirm a bit. After a long moment, he said, "You really mean all that. It's not a speech this time."
John obliging spread his thighs, closing his eyes and tipping his head back when Sherlock took his cock in his mouth. "Are you saying you like it when I act a bit slutty?"
And that's a wrap! Thank you all for your patience with me. :)
He waved Sherlock over, indicating the spot on Greg's other side. "Ok, tip your chin up, and take him in as far as you can, then you kind of swallow around him." He glanced at Greg. "All right?"
smug?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes, and some of John's concern shifted into incredulity. "I'm perfectly fine, John. That was more than satisfactory."
"It's alright," Sherlock purred. "I know. I'll let you know what feels ... oh god.
He heard a light thump in time with the footsteps and mentally started.
John regarded Sherlock for a moment. From the way Sherlock's eyes were darting and the tension in his shoulders, he seemed more nervous than John. "I'd definitely be open to it," he said. "It was nice."
Lestrade interrupted. "Actually, he does it all the time. You'll tie your shoes and he'll know that you've just been to the dentist and your wife is cheating on you with your accountant." Vincent glared at Lestrade as though he was insane, but the man merely shrugged in response. "Bit annoying, actually, but dead useful in a case. He's nearly always right."
John held his gaze, mischief in his eyes, but did as Sherlock asked. He licked gently at him, and his eyes softened from mischief into tenderness as Sherlock's breathing steadied and John returned his mouth. They maintained eye contact, and John's eyes turned pleading after a time. "It's OK," Sherlock murmured, running his fingers through John's hair. "It's going to be OK." He rubbed at John's eyelids, erasing all traces of the extra moisture that had gathered there, and brushed his long fingers across his face. A few minutes later, he whispered a warning, and John pulled away, stroking him through his climax.
"Goddamn you," John said softly. "I won't ... not when you're ... you
Sherlock began pacing the room. “No, I haven’t. I have not yet deduced why my best friend, someone I thought I knew, could possibly have harassed and
, he was starting to flush at the tips of his ears. Sherlock repressed the urge to lick the one nearest him. "The second time, she sucked me while I had my face buried in her pussy. She likes having two fingers inside her while you suck gently on her clit and run your tongue sideways over it. And when she comes, she cries out and gets
She unlocked the door and teetered back into the bar. "Bye, sailor!"
Sherlock felt himself sinking under the weight of all the hatred and fear in the room, and when he could hardly move anymore, he dragged himself out, closing the door. He called Redbeard and collapsed on the floor in a long sob, feeling the dog laying down and nuzzling his face to comfort him. Slowly, slowly, he allowed all of the rage and pain to be wrung out of him in tears, wetting a clump of the Irish setter's fur. The dog licked his face and Sherlock sat up, petting him warmly, before finding a pair of scissors and clipping a lock of his tear-dampened fur.  He fought the urge to set fire to it.
Usually, John would be looking down, biting his lip and moaning wantonly as he watched Sherlock work his cock. He'd murmur encouragement and thrust up into Sherlock's hand and swear a bit as he got close. Arousing him without any visible feedback was equal parts disconcerting and hot as hell. He knew John had his body locked down and it gave him a heady sensation of control.
Sally laughed, nodded, and let herself out.
-- "and if you keeping on moaning like a whore --"
John tried not to let his shock show on his face. If Sherlock wasn't on a case ....
" He looked between them, eyes sweeping over Sherlock's suddenly defensive demeanor and John's guilty, apologetic expression. He looked back to Sherlock. "Ex?"
Sally shifted I'm comfortably. "You sure? How will you get home?"
habit."
Sherlock’s hips jerked in spite of himself. “Please,” he begged. He was going to die if John didn’t take him soon. Fingers wiggled inside him, and Sherlock arched and pushed against them. “John, I need –“
Sally nodded, her face coolly dispassionate but Sherlock could see her distress in the set of her jaw and the way she kept scratching at her cuticles. She asked a few questions, determining the timeline and reviewing details, seeming to want to give Molly a respite before talking about the worst of it. Finally, she nodded her head encouragingly at Molly. "You're doing great, Dr. Hooper. Whenever you're ready, go ahead and tell me about what happened next."
"Your friend is pushing it."
John stalked forward slowly, appraising him as though determining the best way to capture and devour him. The predatory gaze sent a rush of blood to Sherlock's groin, but he forced himself not to act. "What brought this on?" He made his voice sound confused and husky, rather than amused.
John furrowed his brow. This was not Sherlock's Mind Palace pose. He walked over, picked up Sherlock's feet, and sat. "So what's gotten into you, then?"
After rubbing along John's soft cock a few times, and feeling it starting to firm, Sherlock turned, draping one arm over the back of John's chair and leaning to whisper in John's ear. Quietly, this time. "Think anyone would notice if I sucked you off?" He licked up the edge of his ear, then rubbed over it with his bottom lip.
The taller of the men -- Vincent, according to their website -- had locked eyes with John. “It
Sherlock winced. "Apologies. I'm not happy that your ex-commander is dead, just there’s a reasonable explanation."
"Keep searching," he commanded, nodding to the pile of papers. He looked down at his own papers, shuffling through them idly but shamming concentration. "The first time Molly and I fucked," he started, and John stilled for a moment before continuing his hunt-and-peck on the keyboard, "She wrapped her tiny mouth around my cock. And my god, her mouth ..." John shifted his weight again. "She
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Nice try, John. Double that."
her better."
John plunged in, and then stopped when Sherlock arched and swore. "Oh god, I'm sorry!"
Realization dawned.
Sherlock rolled his eyes derisively and propped his head up on a fist as he opened his mouth to retort, only to close it again when he saw the tears in John's eyes. He reached out with his other hand to rest on John's hip. "Are you asking if I have ever been raped?"
Sherlock switched nipples. "All the jumpers and blazers to hide them. You always wear vests, tight ones. And I noticed that when you run they are always hard.” He sucked and nibbled and swirled at them until John started rutting against him, begging for relief. Sherlock thought of John rutting against his war buddy, perhaps panting in his ear as he was spread open under him, and all his thoughts became hazy.
"God, yes." Molly was starting to feel loose-limbed, properly relaxed for the first time this week. He seemed to hail bartenders as well as Sherlock found taxis, and aiming later he was handing her another shot. She threw it back again, holding his eye contact, and the shot hit her in the chest like a cannonball. Oh, she felt warm and loose and ...
In which Lestrade confronts John, and Sherlock covers for him.
John sputtered. "I was
His drink was replaced, but John didn't touch it yet; he was already starting to stand to go to Sherlock's aid. The bartender chuckled again. "He'll be fine. Light touching is allowed if the dancers are cool with it. She's not signaling the bouncers yet."
John felt his stomach flip over, but he held Sherlock’s gaze. One of them needed to be brave. “Not at all.” He hesitated for just a moment before he threaded his fingers between Sherlock’s. Sherlock’s eyes widened, but John just squeezed his hand reassuringly, and smiled. “Problem?”
Molly snickered but obliged, reaching across John for the shirt he'd gotten out for her the night before. He looked determinedly at the ceiling as Sherlock giggled immoderately. Molly pulled it over her head. "You've seen them before," she reasoned.
John looked up at him helplessly. “Sherlock, it was 15 years ago. I’m not going to make excuses about how I was young and stupid, but I’m not the person I was at 21. You know that’s not who I am anymore.” He swallowed, and looked down, unable to ask the question out loud.
Molly nodded, busying herself with making the bed. John and Sherlock left the flat after a flurry of showers and hastily-slurped tea, leaving Molly to mope around the flat alone. She tapped out a message to Sally.
They lay there, catching their breath for a long moment, and then John started giggling. “Are we mad?” he asked, after a long moment.
John shook his head. "You're not wrong." A long silence stretched between them, and John thought about something that had been niggling at him all evening. "That's the first time I've ever known you to choose to work with Sally."
Gripping Sherlock’s hair once more, John thrust down his tight, hot throat in a bruising rhythm, no longer able to regulate his pace or how rough he was being. “Fucking mine,” he grunted, hips snapping against Sherlock’s face. “This tongue, this mouth, this throat.” The thrusts were coming too fast now for Sherlock to breathe, and John knew he should stop but he was so close…
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Considering I solved the case within--"
John huffed out a soft, "
Molly shot an amused glance at him. "I
Sherlock moaned incoherently. The sensation was a heady mix of pleasure and pain, but he wanted it.
Sherlock looked down at John and winced in sympathy even as a sweet, empty ache in his backside prodded at him for attention. John looked painfully hard, the head swollen and purple and tight against his belly, and the shaft harder and thicker than he'd ever seen it.
Sherlock's voice was sharp. "Molly, hands off. John, there's no problem."
For belle333, who really, really wanted to read an extended blowjob scene where John gets rough with Sherlock. Figured this was as good a place as any.
Watson." John grabbed her elbow as she walked away, and she spun back, eyes wild, and shoved in the chest so hard that he toppled backward, bouncing against the wall. He righted himself, holding his hands up in the same don't-shoot posture Mark had used earlier. Sherlock quickly stepped between them, steadying John’s shoulder and holding a gentling palm out to Molly, who was just realizing what she’d done. She clasped her hand to her mouth. "Shit, I'm sorry."
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, caressing his long back as he grinned like an idiot and tipped his head up for a long kiss. After another moment of savoring their closeness, Sherlock started moving again, this time with a rhythm that made John's blood sing. Sherlock tangled their fingers again before pinning John's hands against the headboard, pushing them hard for leverage as he sank over John again and again and again. It didn't take long for the pleasure strumming in John's belly to explode out of him, leaving behind a contented buzz and a heart still filled to the brim with joy.
Warmth spread through Sherlock, more intoxicating than the flush of cocaine. “Not at all.” He pressed a kiss to John’s sweaty head, pulled him to rest on his chest. “I daresay Mrs. Hudson will nearly as happy about repeat performances as we will be.” John’s giggles shook the bed and an unfamiliar emotion bubbled up inside Sherlock.
Sherlock was growing cold beside him. “You’re not interested in men.”
Greg dropped his voice in an imitation of Sherlock. "'I'm wondering whether you could assist me with a problem.'" John was clutching his ribs now, wiping tears from his eyes.
Life- and relationship-affirming sex!
," Sherlock had purred, a warm smile playing on his lips. "I stayed away from the Nativity scene this year. It's something more
Sighing, John pulled him up to sit beside him and reached in his pocket. "For a controlled user, these lists seem to be coming in handy more and more often," he murmured as he checked Sherlock's pulse.
John closed his eyes, picturing Anthea in a small security room, watching him on a monitor. "Think she's alone in there?"
Exhaling her relief, Molly fixed a cup of tea and sipped it as she packed. She desperately wanted to stay. Being at Baker Street had meant safety and comfort and companionship. She couldn't bear the thought of going back to her lonely flat and facing it all again.
Fingers slid under her thong and dipped inside her cunt. "Mmm, boys, she is dripping wet. Here, taste what a little slut you are." Sally's finger slid in her mouth and Molly sucked them eagerly.
John didn’t respond right away. Instead, he crawled back up the bed and lay beside Sherlock, propped up on one elbow. “Sherlock?”
He barked out a laugh. Molly moved her hand, wrapping it around his waist and letting it drift rather lower on his hip than was appropriate. He draped his arm across her shoulders, his hand resting close to her breast. She glanced up and they grinned at other conspiratorially.
Sherlock dropped his head to John’s neck, shifting his body down to give him more room to work. He flexed his hips, sliding gently against John’s prostate as he licked a line from his shoulder to his ear. John swore, wrapping his legs around Sherlock’s hips and urging him on. Smiling against John’s skin, he kept his movements smooth and soft, letting his belly rub against the hard shaft between them as he explored the soft skin of John’s neck. John made a high, needy noise, and still Sherlock kept his hips moving in long, slow strokes, although he scraped his teeth along the skin at John’s throat.
Shaking herself, Molly took a long sip of horrid coffee and began reviewing lab reports. Once again, it was an effort to stay focused but she eventually got through it. Time passed without her noticing and she only realized the hour when Mark knocked hesitantly and entered with some more lab results. Molly was overly polite, trying to make up for her outburst. They discussed the biopsies and planned their cases for the following day.
Giggling, -- Christ, he really was getting quite drunk -- John wagged a finger. "You're a devil. I guess I'll just have to take my fun right here, then, eh?" He ran a finger absently around the rim of his glass and smirked when Chris's Adam's apple bobbed in response. "The drink is fantastic, luckily." Chris's eyes watched John's tongue cushion the glass as he took another sip.
Sherlock's interruption was automatic. "Rules are tedious."
"Juvenile," Sherlock supplied, nodding. "Agreed. Partner? Lover?"
. You like to see how I react to you. But you’re not interested in men, carnally, not really. You just find me fascinating. Quite flattering, really,” he spat.
Molly sipped her drink, made occasional conversation with the bartender, ordered a second drink. She was nearly done with it when a man stood close and flashed a wide smile. "I saw you sitting by yourself and just had to come over here and tell you that you're very pretty."
wet. And then if you keep going, trace your tongue all along her labia and then circle her clit a few times before sucking a little harder, add a little more pressure on the inside, she wiggles all over your face and then she goes absolutely silent. Her whole body stiffens, and then she humps your face a bit while she comes down from it. She gets goosebumps all over and her tits ..."
“Absolutely not,” Sherlock replied, swiftly and firmly. “My wanting to explore new interests with you is not reflective of a lack of satisfaction with the sex we’ve been having. I am unfathomably happy with our sex life.”
Sally brought Molly in for a lineup, and stood with her as she faced the two-way mirror. "Take your time," Sally urged. "Be absolutely certain."
Sherlock met his eyes with mock sincerity. “As a favor to you, I’ll allow it.”
If you find the topic of suicide triggering, please don't read on. (I 100% guarantee John will live to the end of this.)
. Sherlock’s body was taut, like an overwound violin string, and aching to be plucked. Pushing his hips back swiftly, he groaned in frustration. “Pleeeeaaaassssssse, John.”
Molly was blushing faintly now. "He pushed inside me and it hurt, I was crying and he said I could take it, take his big dick." She was fully blushing now. "That's what he said. I don't know how big it was, I never looked at it. It felt big, though." John handed her a glass of water and Molly took a long swallow. "That went on for awhile, I don't know how long. It hurt a lot at first but I felt numb after awhile. He was really heavy, and after he ejaculated he kind of collapsed on top of me. I couldn't breathe, and I was scared to push him off, but eventually he pulled out and stood up. He wiped himself on my skirt and told me he had fun and to text him if I ever wanted to do it again. And then he was gone. I laid there for a minute or two, then changed into some jeans and took a taxi to John and Sherlock's. I couldn't stay there."
He scoffed. “Well, I don’t want us to
Sherlock ignored that and openly studied him for the first time since their falling out. "You've been researching statutes of limitation and how to file formal complaints with the General Medical Counsel." John nodded his head once in affirmation and waited patiently. "You gave a statement to Lestrade accepting responsibility for the attack on Vincent Tucker. Why would you do that? You must know how likely it is that you'll lose your medical license."
When he came home, John found Sherlock on his computer. "That is
John squinted as though trying to recognize his face. "Fifteen years ago, I was at Uni, and I certainly threw a few punches. Was there a girl involved?" Vincent recoiled as though he'd been struck, and John stiffened, realizing that it sounded like he was mocking his sexuality, and Sherlock intervened.
John scoffed, indignation ripping through him. "You did not!" He squinted a bit, trying to remember the exact words Sherlock had spoken that day at Angelo's. "You said you were married to you work. I thought you were asexual, or at least celibate."
-----------
After the film, John buried the sticky napkins in his half-empty popcorn bag and made Sherlock wash his hands. "You're a bad man," John accused lightly when they were on the street.
Sherlock nodded, but still looked shy. “I’ll try, John. It’s just all new for me, having someone to try new things with who values my well-being. All of my previous encounters have been focused on getting off quickly with a minimum of personal entanglement.”
He smiled at her slowly. "I do aim to please. What can I get you to drink?
I think this was unambiguous, but just to be clear, this is NOT a Magical Healing Cock situation.
Sherlock sprung from the taxi, popping his collar and hollering, “Come on, John!” The doctor muttered something about paying the fare (
Leaning forward, John found the abandoned condom, swatted away the long fingers, and rolled it on Sherlock quickly before hungrily swallowing him. "Showoff," Sherlock accused as John gagged against him. The older man grinned and swirled his tongue around the long shaft, taking him in long, deep strokes. Sherlock's toes curled and he tried desperately to hold it off, make it last, but it was good, so good. He glanced down, almost against his will, and saw John absolutely
(See the end of the chapter for
Warmth spread through Sherlock’s whole body and he smiled a small, pleased smile as he reached his hand across the small table to clasp John’s. It’s not as though they had ever hidden, but John had always been particular about maintaining their privacy. He spared a glance for the woman with the phone; she was texting furiously, no doubt tweeting out a picture. His small, pleased smile grew into a large, proud one. “You do surprise me,” he murmured, squeezing John’s hand in silent thanks.
Anyway, let me know what you think! :)
Sally walked up. "Piss off," she ordered.
" He bit down on his own knuckles and recited the Periodic Table in his mind. It was no use. "Stop," Sherlock panted. "Oh god, at least slow down. I wasn't prepared for you to actually be skilled."
when we met him just yesterday. Someone beat him very badly. He would've been hospitalized and probably required surgery, and you remind him of his attacker.Do try to keep up." He held the man's gaze, wishing he could work an apology into it but knowing he musn't.
(See the end of the chapter for
, thought John.
Sherlock condescended to nod.
John raised an eyebrow and reached down to squeeze Sherlock’s length for a moment before his hand was swatted away.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something clever, but nothing came out. The truth was that he
John pushed Sherlock away roughly. "For God's sake, Sherlock! When Lestrade made a comment about the size of my bollocks, he wasn't being literal. And even if he was, why would you think it was OK to go into such exact detail?" He pulled off his shoes roughly and flung them over by the door.
John continued his lazy roll inside him and squeezed over the head of Sherlock's cock. "Don't worry about that." He smoothed his thumb over the frenulum, and Sherlock hummed pleasure. "What we're doing right now is perfect." John pulled out a few inches farther and pushed back in, watching Sherlock's face for discomfort. "Alright?" Sherlock nodded, and John did it again.
"He?" Jack raised an eyebrow. "Jealous type?"
talking about?" Sherlock spun in his chair to face John directly, wincing as his weight shifted.
Then Sherlock grinned back, that brilliant, easy smile he had in this place, and he started dancing again, pulling John close and craning down to drop soft kisses on his mouth from time to time. No one was cutting in, now. It was just John, caught in the too-bright orbit of an ebullient Sherlock.
Sally strode over as Molly climbed out, taking one of the bags from the cabbie and holding her hand out. "Keys," she demanded.
Sherlock nodded and went back to his computer, but John had a feeling he hadn't heard the last of it.
Steve snorted and craned around to look at John. "What, you didn't know he was gay?"
Perhaps something of that last bit showed on his face, because Sherlock approached again, and finally began to lay hands on John. Not where he wanted them, of course, but he crawled on his lap, swatting hands away from his arse, and loosened several buttons on John's shirt. He slid his hands underneath, squeezing muscles and pinching his sensitive nipples. John arched and reached between them to stroke at Sherlock's hard length, and Sherlock quickly scooted off his lap. "No touching," he reminded John firmly.
Sherlock gets the whole story.
.” He felt Sherlock grin as he circled closer and closer to his opening.
Unbidden rage shot through her. "It's really nothing that concerns you, I meant," she snapped.
Sherlock removed his now very sticky shirt and they returned to the couch. John rested back against Sherlock's chest, absently rubbing the long arm that had settled around him. "I don't know if what you did is forgivable to the people you hurt," Sherlock confessed. "Including me."
Vincent's eyebrows shot up, already incredulous. "What seems to be the
For an aching moment, Sherlock didn't think John would answer. Then a pleading whisper in his ear. "My arse," John admitted.
Vincent sat back. "So why are you covering for him, if you're not together?" Sherlock's mouth opened to retort when Vincent got a look of amusement on his face. "He's not gay, but you are. You're in love with him and you want to protect him." The air had been sucked out of the room; no one spoke or breathed for several long moments as all three men tried to think of a way to laugh this off, preserve Sherlock's dignity with a kind lie. Vincent didn't give them a chance. "I was wrong. He's not the self-loathing one; you are. You ought to be ashamed."
Nodding, Sherlock reached behind John to snatch a pillow, and John lifted so he could stuff it underneath him. After spreading more lube over himself and John, Sherlock rubbed himself over his opening a few times, and slowly, slowly, gently, gently, he nudged the tip in, watching John’s face carefully for any sign of discomfort. “How’s that feel?”
Molly was trembling now, her heart racing as she hooked a leg around him for leverage. He kissed down her neck again and slipped his hands under her thong. Molly silently screamed as he circled a few times before pressing a finger inside of her. Adrenaline was coursing through her and she could no longer tell if it was panic or arousal that had her heart racing. She moaned, rocking against his finger, and he panted against her. "Christ, you're drenched. So fucking hot."
They stole up the stairs, mindful not to wake Mrs. Hudson, and stripped off shoes and socks and jackets before turning to each other.
. I haven't even gotten to see the crime scene yet. Maybe Lestrade would send me photos!"
. He managed to grunt out, "Tap out if you want me to ..." before John clenched his throat around him and he lost all command of his  verbal skills. He pulled out and set a brutal rhythm, pulling John forward as he thrust in deeply and holding there until John swallowed around him, then pulling out long enough for John to frantically exhale and gasp a new breath before plunging back down his throat.
Steve cocked his head. "Oh." Then he suddenly stood straighter. "
John's eyes gleamed. "You mad bastard." He kissed at Sherlock's chin until the taller man tipped his face down for a kiss. "You amazing, gorgeous, mad genius." He pulled out gently and rocked slowly back in. John dropped his voice to a whisper. "You did it." He pushed in with slightly more confidence.
John frowned lightly into the quiet room and considered that for a few long moments. "Does she know you know?"
All done! Hope you've enjoyed reading it. :)
“Yes,” they answered in unison, rather more urgently than was appropriate. Angelo merely filled their glasses, a knowing smile playing on his lips.
. His eyes snapped open, and John’s smile faltered at Sherlock’s stony expression. “I’m sorry,” Sherlock said, a bit stiffly. “I didn’t observe.”
After a long moment, John broke off the kiss, turning his head to the side while he gasped for air. “
would do, shoot a man without remorse. It didn't fit with the rest of what he'd assumed about John, but he'd dismissed it because he wanted to believe in his goodness, and he was grateful that the man had saved his life.
Sherlock hummed his agreement and John shivered. Sherlock sunk back down over him, taking him down to the root and wiggling his head to fit the last inch or so in his tight throat. He held him there a second before sliding back up, looking up at John impishly.
"What did you mean, you didn't know I was gay?" Sherlock quirked an eyebrow. "I told you the day we met."
"Well then the question, Dr. Watson," Sherlock purred, leaning forward conspiratorially, "Is, do you like it rough?"
Sally set the paper bag on the table audibly, let her footsteps fa more loudly than normal as she approached Molly. She laid a gentle hand on her shoulder, squeezing firmly when her touch was not rejected, and letting it linger for a few moments before dropping it. "This part sucks," Sally said fervently. "It's OK to go ahead and replay it in your head. That actually helped me a lot. After I stopped fighting it, anyway." She looked around. "Christ, I can't imagine getting attacked in your own home. Fucking awful."
Sherlock finally opened his eyes, squinting against the light and looking slightly disoriented. He shot a half-hearted scowl at John. "You're ruining my buzz." He closed his eyes again, rubbing his fingertips slowly against the sensitive flesh at John's wrist.
“You had a flashback.” John nodded, not meeting his gaze, blinking rapidly. He’d had episodes before, and he always seemed a bit sheepish after but not like this. “You didn’t know where you were at first. Had difficulty getting me to hospital. John, I’m fine. A concussion and a few stitches, nothing that getting to hospital more quickly would have changed. Besides, I had my doctor with me.”
-------
John straddled his hips and leaned down, biting Sherlock's neck hard enough that he had to repress a shout of pain. "Are safewords --" John pinned Sherlock's wrists to the floor "-- a light fucking
"Ah," said John, smiling awkwardly. "That explains it." He exhaled, looking up at Sherlock. "Listen, this part of your life is clearly very private, and I feel as though I'm intru--"
"That?" John teased, leaning in. "Just a sample. Barely even counts." Sherlock's stomach flipped, and his mind scattered, unable to think of a quip quickly enough, thanks to the bloody morphine. John smiled and leaned in more, until Sherlock did the same. John brushed his lips across Sherlock's gently, as if asking permission, before pressing soft kisses to his lips.
A minute after Sally got up, a man sat in her place. Molly was startled and felt a twist of anxiety, but his smile seemed genuine. "So glad to finally see what you look like when you laugh," he started. "Transforms your whole face. What was so funny?"
Molly thought this matched up with what she knew about Sally. She would've hated feeling weak and would have wanted to go into a job for she could be in control, where there were clear divisions of right and wrong. She thought about what Sally had said to her when she made to report. "Did you run into him after that?"
Sherlock reached south, stroking John slowly, and resumed his ministrations on his ear, deciding that John would be more likely to speak if he didn't have to look him in the face. "Feeling shy? Hmm. Do you want my mouth, my fingers, or my arse?"
Sherlock pushed himself up on his elbows, then planted his hands to sit most of the way up, nipping at John’s lower lip before rolling them over.
It was all working about as well as could be expected, with the two living distantly from each other in close quarters. Neither was exactly happy, but both were getting on with life.
John glanced up at Sherlock, checking his face for permission before unzipping his trousers and pulling the lot down his thighs. His prick was starting to show some interest, but John had decided that slow and steady was not going to win the race tonight. Closing his lips around Sherlock, he pulled up slowly, feeling him harden in his mouth as he went. He grasped the base as he got to the tip, looking up at Sherlock as he licked up the last inch or two. He sank back down, repeating the motion, this time following his lips and tongue with the firm slide of his fingers. After five more long, slow pulls, Sherlock was finally fully hard and breathing a bit more deeply than before.
John huffed in annoyance. "But if I could just check--"
Her eyes lit up and she scooted up the large bed and sat up, dangling her legs over the side. "Kneel on the floor, here."
Sherlock peered up at John. "No." Then, after a moment. "I imagine I will put the same amount of thought toward you whether or not you're in my presence." He looked back down at his book. "If you'd rather not see me, that's fine. Certainly wouldn't be the first time you've hidden from your actions."
John's jaw was tight, and he still wasn't looking at them. Sherlock smirked. "Not while he's had an erection."
John brightened at that, being Sherlock's first anything. "I'd be up for replicating it," he offered. "For science, of course." Sherlock pulled back, and John realized he was probably horribly uncomfortable in his sticky satin underwear. "Take me to bed," he commanded, allowing Sherlock to pull him up to a standing position.
Greg's voice cracked through the room. "Pull out!" He did, stroking himself a few more times before spilling on Molly's belly, gulping in air. Sherlock crawled over to John, curling against him and leaning in for a quick kiss before settling back to watch. No one needed his direction for the ending.
Sherlock raced ahead of John, who only had to shush himself twice on the trip up the stairs. When he finally made it inside, he found his chair turned to sit directly in front of the fireplace, and Sherlock fiddling with John's MP3 player. "Sit," he commanded as he turned away.  A swift techno beat pulsed through the speakers as John plopped somewhat heavily on the chair.
Sherlock's eyes went through a quick transformation, first widening, then narrowing, then looking away. His Adam's apple bobbed once and then he spoke softly. "Regardless, I don't require your assistance tonight, thank you." He moved to leave the bed.
“It absolutely gets better.”  Sherlock pulled back, thrusting shallowly a few times as he opened John up a little more. “Try bearing down against me, it helps.”  He held still, feeling John push himself open to draw in more of him. “Easy, John. We’ve got all night.”  John’s face was determined and a little bit scared; Sherlock wanted to kiss the worry away but didn’t think it wise to change his position that drastically yet. He wanted to offer to stop, but knew John wouldn’t accept it.
"Had sex. With Molly Hooper."
John eyed him shrewdly. "I think you want to see that you've tried them all. You're creating a menu." Sherlock opened his mouth indignantly, but John forestalled him. "Come here, you nutter," he said affectionately, pulling him closer and kissing him warmly.
John's eyes snapped up guiltily from a server's breasts. Sherlock outwardly ignored it but mulled it over as he rattled off questions and deductions. Had John been feeling unsatisfied? Was he having second thoughts about their relationship? About being with a man? John was still nervous about sex. Was Sherlock making him uncomfortable?
She was still shivering against him. "Made a mistake," she murmured through clenched teeth. "Acted like a complete…" She swallowed, shuddering. "And then suddenly I realized what I was doing, and I wanted him off but…"
With a loud cry, John sprayed down Sherlock’s throat then pulled out, letting the rest of it splash over his face. “Oh,
about, then?” she smirked, nodding at his fingers refastening the buttons.
"Tell me," Sherlock purred. "What was that bartender's name?"
Gratitude filled Molly.
Nothing felt real. Molly felt like she was outside her body.  "I don't know if I can right now. Everything feels very far away, like I'm at the bottom of a well."
Sherlock was still quite uncomfortable, although he no longer felt like he was being pierced by a hot poker. When John wrapped a hand around his cock and found him soft, Sherlock looked away. "Sorry," he hastened. "I'm sorry. It'll come back."
John slid another slick finger into him, and Sherlock whimpered helplessly as they brushed his prostate. Slowly, slowly, damnably slowly, John drew his fingers out and then gently, gently, damnably gently slid them back in. Sherlock’s skin was covered in gooseflesh and he was pulling his own hair, taking shaky breaths as John nosed the side of his cock. “Alright?” John asked, tracing his tongue lightly over the path his nose had just taken.
"We've been trapped for 7 minutes. Let's save the daring heroics for later, shall we?" John's held up his mobile. "Lestrade says the whole block's lost power. Car accident, apparently an electrical pole got knocked over. Looks like we're in for a bit of a wait."
Sherlock's moan filled John's mouth and their hips quickened. "You're
Sherlock lunged at John, slippery fingers tugging frantically at buckles, all pretense of cool indifference gone. "Are you alright?" Silence. "ARE YOU ALRIGHT??!?!?"
The last word was drowned out by a gasp as Sherlock fluttered his tongue over her clit. He kept his licks light and teasing, goading her. She pulled on his collar, smashing his face against her cunt, but he didn't give her the suction she needed.
At least one more chapter, possibly two.
John was glancing down at his hips. "You'll thank me tomorrow."
Molly nodded. She'd suspected that Sally had been raped but was surprised to hear her speaking about it so openly. "How long did you need them?"
Pulling off, John stroked a few times and licked a stripe up his erection while he devised a plan to keep Sherlock distracted enough to maintain his arousal. He stood up, smiling reassuringly at Sherlock’s sharp, alarmed eyes, and tugged his jumper off. He worked at the buttons on his shirt, and by the time he had dropped it to the floor, Sherlock at come over to tug at his belt and unfasten John’s too-tight trousers. John sighed with relief when Sherlock released his cock, pushing his trousers and pants to the floor and helping John step out of them. His face was a little more eager now, although John could still sense some anxiety in the tension around his eyes.
The moan was that came out of John's mouth would have been embarrassing had he been sober.
John hummed his amusement, yawned again, and rubbed his face sleepily against Sherlock’s chest once more. “Happy Valentine’s Day, love.”
Molly shrugged. “I had some almonds around mid-afternoon. It was a busy day.”
"Y-yes," John stuttered, flushing deliciously. He bent over the bed as Sherlock retrieved condoms and lube from his bedside drawer. Sherlock knelt over him, carressing his arse as he clicked open the bottle and slicked two fingers, but when John puckered defensively before he was even touched, he knelt behind him instead.
As they walked to the cinema, Sherlock was all popped collar, sharp cheekbones, and sharper eyes. John, for his part, had rarely seemed so smug. "No one
John's eyes were wary, cautious, as he watched Sherlock deduce him. Sherlock met his gaze, and although certain of his deduction, he could not banish the hopeful question mark in his voice. "You went to see Major Sholto. You gave him flowers?"
you take the wager," John reminded him.
John’s pupils were blown wide and he was pleased, Sherlock could tell, so pleased that he had dismantled Sherlock so thoroughly. He licked another stripe up Sherlock’s cock. “You’re doing so well, love. God, you look
." He dipped back down, panting into John's mouth, wanting to consume him, fill him, so John could see and feel what Sherlock saw and felt when he looked at John. He squeezed their fingers, John clenched his thighs, and Sherlock broke away with a gasp. "
Sherlock shrugged. "It was not a completely inaccurate descriptor." He tried to sound flippant, as though it didn't matter, but John could see that he was ashamed.
Molly winced. What had Sherlock told her?
Sherlock counted several heartbeats. He stared into John's face, searching for the missing piece of data that would make the world make sense again, but his mind was not functioning properly. "Who died?"
-- help it.” His focus was already starting to slip, unusual for this stage of the proceedings. He was letting his mind get away from him, but John was so warm and tight and the way he was looking down at him, like he was a delicious meal to be devoured, was …
Molly bristled. "I'll take that under advisement,
John chuckled. "Figured you would have known from the way I knotted my tie or something. I had a fling in Afghanistan. You?"
She shrugged out of her cardigan and John gently lifted her arm, observing the purpling bruise and slight swelling on her forearm. He could see where her attacker's fingertips had dug in. He lifted and twisted it, watching Molly's face closely for discomfort as he checked her range of motion. He palpated her arm as he bent it at the elbow. "Pretty decent sprain. You struggled."
Sherlock glanced around a few more times. "Just that one." He nodded toward a redhead whose long hair had been softly curled, spilling over impossibly perky breasts. She threw her head back to laugh at something the much-older man whose lap she occupied had said. John thought it was hard to tell her age with all the makeup. Sherlock cocked his head a bit. "Not much data to  go on, but I think she's a runaway. She's trying to look older, so if this is where the trafficking is based I think it's a coincidence. The victims we've found have had their youthful looks exaggerated with pigtails, kneesocks, and such." John's stomach turned a bit at the thought. Suddenly, Sherlock paused. "Found the queen bee. Go flirt."
Thanks so much for hanging in there! I know this wasn't a particularly
Whining needily, John rested his hands instead on Sherlock’s hips, urging him closer, deeper. “More, Sssshhherrr –” His voice dropped off as Sherlock suddenly drove into him, language devolving into a series of grunts and moans and gasps. He writhed under Sherlock, eyes rolled back as he lifted his hips to meet him helplessly. Pleasure was coursing through him, so intense it was nearly painful, and he started to huff out little chuckles and strings of nonsense as he became slightly delirious.
…Fuck, Sherlock … mmmm…..want you to …
John's eyes opened in confusion and he looked from Sherlock to the mass of brown hair in front of him. Suddenly, he realized what was happening and scrambled back, sitting up and holding a pillow over his lap.
"That's touching!" Molly teased, and both boys rolled their eyes. "It's fine. You stopped." She shrugged.
John rewarded him by flushing satisfyingly and ducking his head slightly as he grinned. "No more morphine for you," he teased. The moment passed and they smiled comfortably at each other. "I wasn't sure you'd remember that," he admitted.
Sherlock rolled to face him, placing a hand on John’s hip and pulling him in to rut against his pants-clad pelvis. The quip he had been about to make died in his mouth and John cringed as a look of shock passed over his features. “Is there perhaps an aubergine in your pants, John?”
, right there, my
at the end.
John's scrunched up his face, trying to find a delicate way to ask the obvious question. "You couldn't ... tell?"
They started dancing, and John let the music run through him as he shimmied and shook. Marc had indeed seemed to have broadcast John's status, because he found himself continually dancing with someone new. Sherlock was nearby, dancing with the twink from earlier, but kept glancing over at John, checking to see if he needed a rescue and grinning at him. So far, it had been great fun. People kept bringing over shots for the group, so John was feeling loose-limbed and happy, and danced with whomever happened to be nearby. A few of the men had gripped his hips or squeezed his arse, and two had even kissed him. John had kissed back, more enthusiastically in one case than the other, and just smiled and laughed.
into, then?"
After a few minutes, Sherlock shifted, arranging John so he was sitting against the headboard and then crawling on top of him, kissing John silent when he began to protest. Sherlock reached down to steady John and sank down onto him, holding his gaze and bending down for a kiss as he claimed him. John shivered, rocking up to meet Sherlock, who let out a contented sigh. "You feel incredible," he murmured against John's mouth.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock considered his body, flexing various body parts before answering. "Muscles are sore, and my head is throbbing."
He yanked on Sherlock's belt now, scrambling to unfasten his button and zip and divest him of another layer of clothing. "I have never wanted anything like I want you right now. The whole ride home I kept thinking about how I wanted to strip you naked and lick you open until you beg to come. But now that I've got my hands on you --" John squeezed a handful of plump arse -- "I've half a mind to fuck you senseless over this couch."
John's breathing became ragged, irregular, and with one more swirl of Sherlock's thumb he stopped breathing entirely for several long seconds before groaning his release against Sherlock's shirt.
Sherlock chuckled for a moment, then realized that John was fucking serious. He dropped an incredulous glance between them, at John's frankly ridiculous cock. "Vetoed. Our size disparity necessitates a substance with greater viscosity." John stared at him blankly. Sherlock leaned in and whispered in his ear. "
"  he repeated flatly.
It occurred to John that none of them was wearing condoms, and he wondered briefly whether Sherlock had pulled away. He put that out of his mind, though, and focused on the prize in front of him. He massaged each little wrinkle with his tongue and lips, and only when Sherlock begged did John finally run a flat tongue directly over his hole.
consider whether we might be spotted. Why else would I take you to Angelo’s on Valentine’s Day?”
As soon as he walked in, call Molly spotted him. "Oh my God," she murmured. "Sherlock actually found him."
. You’re sure you’re …?”
They had never
John grinned and let himself be pulled onto the noisy dance floor. Sherlock leaned down to his ear. "If you're cruising tonight, you've said the magic words. Prepare yourself for a lot of attention." John looked up into Sherlock's grinning face and quirked an eyebrow. Sherlock leaned in again. "
Mark nodded, smiling. "You were embarrassed," he said, by way of accepting her apology.
Sherlock ran as fast as he dared, but shortened his long strides so John could keep pace. Sherlock shot a panicky glance at the shorter man, the one the Moriarty knew to use against him. His heart hammered in his chest, breathing difficult, despite the fact that Sherlock knew from experience that he could run another 2 kilometers before he would begin to feel exerted. John slipped on some gravel, and Sherlock gripped his arm tightly, pulling at him desperately. "We have to keep moving, we need to be another 25 meters aw–"
------------------
Once, Sherlock had shown John the insects that he'd preserved in boxes. At first, John had not been enthusiastic about looking at a bunch of dead bugs, but Sherlock had won him over.  He had looked dutifully at the
John pressed back against him, grinning. "Full marks."
John laughed. “I thought you had other plans for this evening, gorgeous. I was rather looking forward to them.”
John laughed. "No you don't."
John's hand stilled on his arm. "OK," he prompted.
An aching fondness filled his heart as he thought about this miracle who put up with all his quirks, who always protected him and shared his adventures. He pulled back again. "You're
The tight anxiety in Sherlock's chest dissipated, and he shuffled down to rest his head against John's broad chest. "Well," he said, feeling sleepiness start to weigh down his limbs, "I have something much better to help keep me sane, now."
John scooted closer. "And it happened in your flat? Tonight?" Molly looked at him with surprise. She had expected Sherlock to make the connection immediately, not John. He smiled a bit, shrugged a shoulder. "It's a huge problem in the Army. I treated far too many women and a few men in Afghanistan." She nodded, eyes staring off. "Molly?" She refocused on John's face. "This just happened?"
Molly shoved her arms into the sleeves with rather more force than was necessary. "Thank you for your
John wiped them off with a T-shirt that was hanging on the edge of the bed, pretending not to notice the wetness in Sherlock's eyes. He rested his face on Sherlock's chest, patiently rubbing lazy circles into the sparse hair there. After a few minutes, Sherlock returned the caresses with light touches to his arm. John raised his face for a kiss. Dry eyes. "Better," John said, snuggling back against his chest.
"Just so," confirmed Sherlock, keeping the misery off of his face and out of his voice. "John isn't gay. We are not together." It felt like a knife was twisting in his belly as he said it, but it was true. There had never been anything romantic between them, and he wanted to be sure, for once, that everyone was clear on that point. Whatever could have happened before was gone now; something had broken between them and Sherlock didn't see a way for them to find their way back that far.
John nodded. "I understand, Molly. But you cannot stay here, either. We both love you and we will help you any other way we can. But you're leaving tomorrow."
It was the sexiest goddamn thing Sherlock had ever seen.
John nodded, his face losing its menace. "Darling, I think Lestrade needs a bit more to do while you're sucking him off. Why don't you let him return the favor?"
John smacked Sherlock's bum playfully. "Never mind that now. We need to get home and get you taken care of." He gave Sherlock a sultry look. "I've got plans I think you'll like."
He was rocking into her steadily now, shallower pushes that made her throb as he rubbed her clit relentlessly. She felt panic-desire swelling inside of her. The hand on her mouth slipped, partially occluding her nostrils. Her panic-desire shifted almost entirely into panic and she grew dizzy and desperate, sucking in shallow breaths and going rigid.
Sherlock repressed a shiver as John's tongue skidded over his ear on the word
"Fancied another one," John replied evenly. Sherlock's frown tightened fractionally. John sighed. "Do you understand why I'm angry with you?"
John stared at him with his
expression, but Sherlock merely stared back. "Christ, you're going to make me say it. We're friends, Sherlock. Shagging changes things. Besides, I thought you were asexual."
Sherlock lay back against the pillows, shifting until he was comfortable. John loomed over him, raking his eyes over his bare chest and seeming to make a plan of action. He spread his palms wide over Sherlock’s belly, fingertips squeezing lightly against him as he slowly spread them up his body. “God, you’re gorgeous.” He knelt down, nibbling at Sherlock’s collarbone and humming in satisfaction when Sherlock inhaled sharply. “You know I fantasized about doing exactly this for
John nodded his head, agreeing. "Still, it's a bit not good. Next time ask first?" He looked up at Sherlock's tense face. "I'm not mad, love. Just don't want you to keep thinking it's better to beg forgiveness."
Sally smiled warmly. "God, you're so lucky to have those two." Molly looked up in surprise to see Sally leaning forward a bit. "I'll deny saying that if Sherlock asks, mind. But I didn't start on pills or go to therapy or anything for a couple of months after."
John swung his legs over the side of the bed and headed to the kitchen, so Sherlock decided to go to the loo for a wash.  He privately took stock of his body. He was sore, although he could tell he would be in much worse shape in the morning. When he caught his reflection in the mirror, he smirked at himself. His hair was wild, his skin still slightly flushed, and his neck, chest, and ears were covered in little bite marks and bruises. Considering how gingerly he would be walking the next day, it was going to be perfectly obvious to everyone what they'd got up to. Sherlock vowed to take any case higher than a 3.
Sherlock shrugged. "Statistically speaking, his p--"
"Episode?" Sherlock's voice was sharp.
She snorted a bit and disguised it as a cough. Her legs were under the bar. "Better," she said agreeably.
“When I was gone,” Sherlock said softly in response to John’s unspoken question. “Serbia.”
Finally, a spasm Sherlock had been working on shuddered and released, simultaneously releasing other muscles down John's back, and his shoulder dropped a half-inch. Sherlock scooped a bit more oil, spreading it on both shoulders now with smooth, firm strokes. He leaned forward to kiss John's ear. "Better?" John hummed a yes, closing his eyes against the relaxing sensation of his battered muscles being soothed. "Let's move to the bed. I can do more on your shoulder if you're lying down and you'll be more comfortable when you pass out on me."
wrapped around my fingers. Love watching you tremble and writhe.” He brushed Sherlock’s prostate once again, for emphasis, and grinned at Sherlock’s needy whine and bucking hips.
"So you keep saying." Sherlock's voice was smug and amused. John ignored him, closing his eyes against the licks of pleasure shuddering through his body and listening to Sherlock wash his legs before turning the squeaky knobs to shut off the now lukewarm water. He crowded John, kissed him softly. "Come to bed," he whispered.
The words rang in her ears all the time. It was good to hear them spoken aloud again. She felt dirty, humiliated hearing him say them in front of the others, and that swooped low in her belly in a way it ought not to. And seeing him humiliated and knowing she had done it felt fucking amazing. Molly's hands were rock-steady now. "It's him," she said to Sally. "Number 3."
repercussions for any of this?”
He bit his lip, seeming to want to retort, but instead backed away and let her stumble past and clomp upstairs. He listened until she flopped onto the bed with a loud squeak, then locked the door and went to bed.
just in time. "-- unprepared for me to want to take you that way. I would have suggested something more mutually agreeable if I'd not been caught off guard by the realization that you'd been with a man before. It affected me more than I would have expected."
"Lucky bastard," said a voice behind him. John turned to see the bartender bringing him a cocktail. "Here, I've been working on a new drink. Tell me what you think."
John held in his exasperated sigh. "Why??" He asked, incredulity coloring his voice.
Grabbing his prick, Sherlock pushed down John's throat. He held still for a moment, then watched the changing shape of John's neck in fascination as he pulled out a few inches and then thrust forward again. Suddenly, everything disappeared except for Sherlock's all-consuming need to shove his cock as deeply into the wet, tight heat of John's throat as he could. He wrapped one hand around John's throat and the other around the back of his head, and pushed in roughly until John's lips rested against his bollocks.
Sally set up her audio recorder, had everyone state their names, and then nodded at Molly, who was looking panicky. Sherlock squeezed her hand and murmured, "Go ahead, Molly. We can stop whenever you want."
John fucked into him the way he'd been fantasizing about, snapping his hips hard, and feeling his bollocks slap against Sherlock's bottom. "You're so tight," he breathed. He plowed into him again. "Jesus fuck. Does that feel good?"
Sherlock's cock hadn't been touched yet, but it was already fully erect and leaving a damp spot in the front of his trousers. John thought he must not be the only one with a bit of an exhibitionism kink. He yanked Sherlock's trousers open and pulled his cock through the slit in his pants before kneeling to lick Sherlock up and down a few times. Sherlock hummed his satisfaction and John took him properly in his mouth, twisting a hand up and down at the same time. Sherlock swore reverently above him and John felt his bollocks tighten. He pushed forward to swallow against Sherlock, squeezing the orgasm out of him until he spilled down John's throat and collapsed against the wall of the lift.
John smiled at his coffee. "Yeah. One in a million."
Sally came back to the table, grabbing her bag and apologizing. "Greg says he needs me to come in and answer some questions for a report, and it has to be done tonight." She rolled her eyes as she rummaged through her wallet. "Shit! I don't have any cash." She eyed the line at the bar as she retrieved her credit card.
John chuckled, scraping his teeth across Sherlock's skin and following it with a light, wet slide of his lips when Sherlock moaned his pleasure. For a few minutes, John played, swirling tongue and lips and teeth around his opening before eventually prodding the tip of his tongue inside.
Sherlock pulled back. "I want to hear it," he reassured him, even though he desperately did
“Most definitely not,” Sherlock said, shaking his head firmly. “It doesn’t bother me if that never happens. What other people do is none of my concern, but it may comfort you to know forgoing anal sex is not uncommon among gay couples.”
"I was already a solid 2 when we met, and that was with naught but a few drunken tumbles in the Army. Then I met you and ..." Sherlock finally met his eyes, trying to master his expression. "I'm finding you
After realizing that he was still utterly nude, Holmes finally found his lounging pants and put them on. Then Lestrade and Holmes quickly fitted the bed with clean linens, and John insisted that he was capable of cleaning himself with a moist towel.
John cried, but Sherlock petted at John's face as he lay in front of John on his side. 'Greg, are you going to bite him? Should I?' He continued to squeeze John's hand.
Lestrade peaked through the door to keep John within view. ‘Soon. A few hours at most.’
’ Lestrade shouted. He returned from the kitchen sink with a lager glass full of water. ‘Can’t bloody get a glass,’ he muttered. ‘John, here, take a few sips.’ Lestrade placed himself between Sherlock and John on the bed. ‘Here, John, you need to sit up. Sit up now, John.’ Greg urged John to sit upright and pressed the glass into John’s hands. He watched Sherlock’s lips twitch. ‘Sherlock? You alright?’
‘I can pull out. Just keep him still for a moment. Steady, John.’ Sherlock jerked.
Sherlock hesitated to leave him, but left the room as asked.
I'm not that deep John,' said a confused Sherlock.
Rather than argue with John, who was clearly delusional, Lestrade stood and indicated to Sherlock with a look that he wanted to speak in private. ‘I’m going to have a quick word with Sherlock, John. Drink that water in the meantime. We are going to be in the hall.’
John self-consciously worried that he might brush against his half-erection. He felt helpless and on display inside and out, like a pinned butterfly. Sherlock brushed his thumb at his forehead, but neither man's touch helped with the disorienting sensation that he was floating. He mewled in indignation and tried to control the waves of kaleidoscope colors floating through his mind's eye.
Not one to be overshadowed when it came to dramatics, John moaned and grasped at the bedding to announce his slow awareness into consciousness.
Greg pushed his face against John’s check and whispered, ‘Come on now, John, you can do this. You can do this. Relax.’ He swept both hands to press firmly at John’s hips. ‘Open your hips for him and relax.’
Sherlock squeezed himself to John’s body as tightly as he could.
John grunted and looked away.
‘How soon before he has to mate again?’
John moaned and his member instantly swelled. He grunted and moaned. He thought embarrassedly that he sounded more like an animal than a man, let alone a well-educated army doctor.
Icy hands gripped John’s hips from behind.
Lestrade was huffing loudly in John’s ear, and it was distracting to the other sensations. He turned his head.
John’s backside was incredibly slick, and Sherlock slide into him unimpeded. John furiously grasped at Greg’s chest.
The water was becoming intolerably cool, but the thought of the queen again went to John’s head. And his penis. His breathing picked up, and he felt his pores open to put out a sweat.
For the History Dweebs.
‘Alright, alright. Everybody calm down. Sherlock, leave him be,’ ordered Lestrade. Sherlock gave Lestrade an untrustworthy look, and Lestrade insisted, ‘Come on now, leave him be. Lestrade held up the yellow plug and began unwrapping it from its sealed container.
John in fact gagged and wretched but successfully kept most of his small meal down. He still regretted not chewing enough, however.
Greg raised his eyebrows. So the pair of them had already discussed the prospect of becoming more to each other than friends? This was a surprise to Greg. In the way that they bickered and risked their lives for each other, Greg had thought that a bond was inevitable. Perhaps it would take several years before they got over themselves, but it still seemed inevitable. They were a duo. Dr. Watson and Consulting Detective Sherlock Holmes. What had transpired between them for them to agree not to pursue more than a friendly partnership?
Sherlock stared down at the feverish man.
Sherlock, never at a loss for words before all of this, said nothing. He stared at John.
'We've given Sherlock a head-start.' Greg said. 'Let's head back to the room.
John frowned. ‘Greg, please, I’m really sore. I can’t – I can’t take anything else right now.’
‘Stop! Please?’ Sherlock’s voice shuddered. ‘God, it’s too late. I’ve already started to knot. I can’t, Greg, don’t!’
John’s renewed distress put a definite end to his distance. He rushed to John and knelt at the side of the bed. ‘Hey, hey, John relax! Relax! Breath, John, calm down. Easy now,’ he urged and continued a litany of calming words. He took the other hand that Sherlock was not desperately squeezing and pressed at John’s shoulder. ‘Come on now. Just, you know what? Just take a deep breath. Come on, take a big deep breath in . . . ’
Sherlock raised his eyebrow. Flashes of thought passed behind his eyes. ‘There is lubricant.’
'We don't want to wait too long, remember, John?' Greg added.
‘Lestrade, we cannot delay him anymore. I . . .’ Sherlock started but paused. ‘John is friend, and I do not want to force this on him, but I also cannot let him suffer anymore. We must act.’
‘We should let him rest now,’ said Sherlock.
‘I’ve spent the past two days trying to understand why he’s allowed this to happen.’ Sherlock snapped the final padlock into place.
Lestrade pushed his face between John’s shoulder and chin and found the sore spot on John’s neck from where he’d bitten him before. This time he nipped and sucked at the bruise, and John hushed a little.
'Mmm, Sherlock! Please, God!' As John's instincts kicked in, the hands holding up his legs let go. He was left with the fullness between his legs that entered him over and over and punched a swelling white heat of pure pleasure deeper and deeper into him.
Sherlock finally eased each finger one at a time from John’s hole and untangled himself from John’s leg. He made sure that John was laying with his pelvis elevated on the pillow before inching away from him.
John opened his eyes to see where Greg had moved. When their eyes met, Greg moved from standing at the foot of the bed and came to John's side. He took the hand that John was using to keep his shirt pulled down into both of his and sat on the left side of the bed.
‘I’ve exhausted every theory as to what has caused him to act like this,’ growled Sherlock.
His head swirled with the disorientation. The room had shifted, and it took John longer than it should have to recognize that Sherlock and he were lying horizontally on the bed. He attempted to make out the window across the room, but in his current haze, John couldn’t keep anything in focus. The room blurred into colors and shapes, so he resigned to keep his eyes closed tightly.
‘Sorry, sorry. It’s going down; I can feel it. I’m going to bite you again, and that should help until then.’ Sherlock pulled John close to his hips and buried his teeth in John’s neck.
‘Greg?’ John mewled.
‘I – I can’t. I need this out.’ John rolled and lay on his side. He reached back for the silicone at his backside.
'I know you're hungry, John,' Greg said as he returned to the sink to wash utensils for them all, 'but try to keep it light. If you have too much in you, you're likely to cramp or lose your dinner.'
Sherlock’s face cracked into something resembling a smile, and he followed Lestrade to the garage.
Sherlock squeezed his arms around John and groaned into his shoulder. Slowly, he pushed all the way inside.
Lestrade perked an eyebrow. ‘Sherlock, would you get him a glass of water? Go on, John.’
‘John, you must let us help you,’ urged Greg. He frowned as he watched John, flushed and shaking, tried to push himself up off of the floor. ‘You must understand,’ he put his hand on John’s shoulder, ‘your body is focusing all of its resources on your heat. Your muscles are too weak. John, you cannot walk on your own.’
John panted. Any arousal that Sherlock had encouraged was quickly being replaced by more rational thoughts.  This was his friend, flat mate, the irritating prat who refused to pick up milk or tea. He was putting his dick into John. ‘Greg, Greg, please! I can’t do this!’
Sherlock looked down at the shake Greg had given him. ‘No. No, I should give him this. He needs it more than I do.’
John did his best to drag his feet against the floor in protest. ‘No, no. I can’t. I need to shower first, please.’
'Lestrade, it's fine,' said John. 'Candor, remember. Speak plainly.' Color had returned to John's face in a deep red blush.
‘John’s in heat,’ Sherlock interrupted. ‘His first if I’m not mistaken.’ Holmes allowed a pause indicating to Lestrade that he should speak.
John pressed his skin into Lestrade’s warm flesh. Once he’d heard Sherlock’s voice, he realized that he and Greg were not alone in the bed. He turned and kept his back flushed to Lestrade, which availed him to look at who was on the other side of the bed.
'Do you even have clean dishes?' Greg admonished and ran water in the sink.
Sherlock clearly wanted to hold his hand as Lestrade had, but John twisted his hand away and held high on Lestrade’s shoulder.
'Did he catch you with a fingernail, John?' asked Lestrade.
Lestrade was not slow. He held John with one hand at the hip and the other holding John’s knee high up on his ribs. He kept his thrusts deep and short, and it hurt each bloody time!
'Is it bad? Am I bleeding a lot?'
‘John is a good man who needs our help right now. You did the best thing you could. You’re helping him through his heat and you aren’t forcing a bond that shouldn’t be. Now he’s hungry and needs some tea. Drink your shake, so you can carry his tea to him.’
Sherlock was back quickly and went to his knees next to John again. ‘Here, Lestrade. There is plenty, and I’ll run out and get more if we need it. Probably best if you use a lot.’
‘The final decision is up to John, though,’ Lestrade said. They both looked down at John. ‘Any time you want to see a doctor, John, just say so. I’ve got the car. I’ll drive you there myself.’
‘Here.’ Lestrade handed Sherlock the cloth he’d used to cool John.
Sherlock and John collected their toys and brought her an ice pack and paracetamol. ("Doctor's orders," John said. "You'll thank me tomorrow.") Sally and Greg covered her with an afghan so she wouldn't have to get up to get under the covers. Each pressed soft kisses to her cheek or her hair and as they were walking away, Molly murmured her thanks and rolled over to fall into her first contented sleep in ages.
"As for any experimentation that went on," he continued, pressing up behind him and growling in his ear. "I rather think you were on the receiving end." He ran his nose along the edge of John's ear, eliciting a shiver. "It's really quite obvious."
John ran a warm tongue along the shell of Sherlock’s ear. “Sherlock,” he murmured.
John smiled, holding the shot glass for a moment as he took in Sherlock's clear invitation. "Cheers," he said, clinking glasses before tossing back the shot. The sweet whiskey burned pleasantly down his throat and when he licked his lips, he saw Sherlock watching the movement.
Molly shifted in her seat, turning her glass on the table. "So, you were at uni?"
gay people you know?"
"He's not," Sherlock contradicted. "He's bisexual." He considered for a moment. "Since the Christmas party where he was ogling Molly in that dress? He was staring at your ass when he thought no one was looking."
And that day, it
Sherlock snorted. "The moment you had Captain America's attention, you forgot I existed." John opened his mouth to protest and Sherlock cut him off. "Please. One more drink and you'd have brought him back to our flat and not thought there was a thing wrong with it."
Sherlock snapped his hips forward to meet John's, and he slumped forward to rest his forehead on Sherlock's narrow chest. "Oh my God," he repeated helplessly, ignoring the chuckle vibrating against his cheek. He pulled his head back up for a furious kiss, rutting feverishly, chasing down the orgasm that he could feel building in his spine. Sherlock squeezed his legs tighter and
John shook his head. "No, I'm sorry. Shouldn't have grabbed you, especially there." Sherlock was studying Molly’s face, not yet moving from his spot between them. John shoved at him exasperatingly. “Stand down, Sherlock. We’re fine.”
?? Oh, this is rich. I suppose you’ve worked past that self-loathing in the past 15 years.”
"Your kisses are blue," Sherlock murmured sadly. "Dark, like your eyes."
Long fingers moved gently, almost lazily; he seemed to be teasing himself a bit. Sherlock's eyes flicked between John's face and his hands, seeming torn between watching him pleasuring himself or his reactions to Sherlock. After a time, he dribbled saliva into his hand and spread it over himself. John's breathing picked up, and he matched their strokes.
John flinched; Sherlock held his gaze. “I don’t want to see you go to jail, John. So yes, I will help you. But this … I would not have thought you capable. I’ve never felt anything less than pride when someone has mistakenly thought we were a couple, because I’ve always known you to be a good man. You help people; you help me. I knew your father was an abusive arsehole, and I know many people have difficulty getting through that without making mistakes of their own. But
Sherlock managed a high, incoherent noise that John correctly interpreted as consent, and John yanked off his own jeans and pants, exhaling in relief when his cock was finally free.
, threatened to consume him. "I don't want anything from you, John." Suddenly, the room was too much. Sherlock closed his eyes and withdrew inside himself.
Sherlock whimpered as John lapped his tongue directly over him, keeping it wet and soft. "I was thinking about how amazing your throat felt a few minutes ago but at the moment I'm finding it difficult to think about anything other than what you are doing right now."
He grinned, handing her the new cocktail. Molly took a generous sip. Her blood felt like it was singing, now, and recklessness and daring surged through her.
Sherlock stilled, shock and disappointment apparent in his hushed voice. "Christ, listen to you bargaining, far worse than I ever did when I was using. Do you even hear yourself? Oh, you're perfectly self-sacrificing when it dovetails with your own ambitions. You've done an absolutely
you're thinking!
John smirked and glanced down for a fraction of a second. "
Molly held on to the wall as she kicked off her heels. "Fuck off, Sherlock. It's nothing to do with you."
-- BK
Sherlock sighed in frustration. John was the caretaker. When Sherlock noticed that John was too much inside his own head, he usually did something dangerous and then everything sorted itself from there, but they had just worked a ransom case that had ended with John rugby tackling a kidnapper. If adrenaline didn't fix what ailed John, Sherlock was lost.
When Sherlock emerged, he felt drained and tired, but lighter. His mind didn’t feel quite normal yet -- a dull ache of sadness still sat in his chest and slowed his whole body down -- but it was certainly much clearer than it had been the past two days. He was just debating going back inside to work on some cold cases when his phone chirped.
After buttoning her shirt up a bit, she went downstairs and tried to sneak past the boys unnoticed. Sherlock was thoroughly bored with the movie, though, and locked on to her immediately. He disentangled himself from John and approached her as she was pulling on her heels. "Molly, don't do this," he urged in a hushed voice.
A sharp
“Had his fucking hands all over you,” John muttered, hardly aware of what he was saying as he fucked into Sherlock’s mouth in long, hard strokes. Sherlock’s eyes were watering now. “Mine,” he growled, pushing in hard and holding there for a few seconds as though to underscore the word. He pulled out, rubbing himself on Sherlock’s lips, letting him catch his breath.
Molly barked a laugh. "You'd be surprised," she said drily.
John smiled drunkenly; the Flexaril had clearly kicked in. "You're jus' spoiling me," he said sagely.
." A peace offering.
Molly moaned a half-sob into his palm, her eyes prickling with either lust or panic or pain.
John smiled at his precision. "Let's say any encounter that ends in an orgasm for one or both of you."
Rip her wet panties right off her body and  fuck her pussy.
Sherlock's mind raced as his hands moved slowly, firmly over John's back and shoulder.
Her breath caught in her throat. She asked Sally to have him smile, put his fist on the glass above his head. She pictured him charming her, overpowering her, wrenching her arm, pinning her to the wall. She could feel his hands on her arms, his hot breath in her face. Finally, she asked Sally to have him repeat a few phrases.
John's warm hand squeezed his shoulder affectionately and nudged him over to make enough space so he could carry Sherlock's bag in with him and close the door. "It was weird here without you. I nearly asked Molly to get some eyeballs for the counter."
Sherlock led the way and John drank in the view. “God, your arse,” he murmured, chuckling as Sherlock’s stride slowed to a strut, and reaching out to give one of his plump cheeks a squeeze.
Molly stumbled in at half one, shushing herself on the stairs and praying Sherlock would actually be asl--
John tilted his head in concession. It occurred to him that they could have made it into the bedroom and had the lube uncapped by now if he hadn't stopped them. He squared his shoulders and slipped back into the Captain Watson voice he knew Sherlock found irresistible. "Get in the bedroom. I want you lying on your back, knees bent, thighs spread, waiting for me." Sherlock hesitated. "NOW!" John barked.
He raised an eyebrow, beckoning her to walk with him to the kitchen. She grabbed an armful of soggy tissues and rose wearily. Sherlock glanced back at her. “What about yesterday?”
John smiled. "Seven other ways, yeah?"
“Yes, but I’ve never been able to
Sherlock was clearly fascinated. "Because your arousal state is high, of course. I've been researching. Clonazepam helped?"
Sherlock uncapped the lube again, tipping enough into his fingers to spread on both himself and John. He rallied his determination. It was silly to be nervous. He had bottomed plenty of times; surely he could draw from his own experiences in figuring out how to be there for John. Lining up, he met John’s eyes and pushed forward.
Sherlock rested his hands on John's waist, unable to keep his hands off of him. His eyes grew mischievous. "I rather fancy getting into you tonight. The exact location is negotiable."
John chuckled, snatching a quick kiss and murmuring against his lips. "Such sexy pillow talk." Sherlock frowned, worry lines creasing his face. "I like it," John said, nudging his own hard length against Sherlock's leg as proof. "Keep going."
." John cracked a wide, triumphant smile and thrust firmly again. Electric shocks licked through Sherlock again and he moaned. "God, fuck,
“Two,” Molly corrected, “But one of the blades was used by two people.  A right-handed attacker with a forward grip and a left-handed attacker with a reverse grip, edge out.”
"I know, it's alright," Sherlock apologized. Well, as close as he'd get to apologizing. John would understand. "There are seven other ways we can get each other off. It doesn't matter to me." It did matter; he felt suddenly protective of John, concerned about his comfort and pleasure. Sherlock could lock his desire back in a hall closet of his Mind Palace if need be.
Someone had tied her up, hands stretched above her, arse and legs hanging off the mattress. Sherlock flipped her onto her belly, crossing her wrists. Sharp nails raked down her back. "Your cunt is so wet that you've soaked through your knickers," Sally observed.
Shame washed over him. "I should have noticed sooner that you were --" He bit off the word
Sherlock tipped his chin, pushed forward, and almost immediately gagged. He pulled off, cheeks flushed. "It's not working," he said accusingly.
," she insisted, when Sally opened her mouth to argue. "Go, so you can finish up with Greg and get home at a reasonable hour."
John nudged him with his toes and smiled his sad, but-that’s-all-behind-us-now smile. “You couldn’t have known. It was eerily similar, though. I suppose I have a type.” He shook his head. “I always thought that when I got back to London, we’d be together, but he never even visited me in hospital when I first returned. He was notified, I know he was. I resented him a long time over that, but we started emailing and calling each other some when you were gone. He said he knew he was no good for me the way he was since returning, and that he couldn’t bear to have something and then lose it again. And I was scared of that, too. Nearly did me in the first time around. But I always hoped that he’d get help, get better, and things would be different.”
Molly just barely contained the urge to roll her eyes. "Well, at the moment, it's your lips." She let her gaze drop to his mouth and smiled. "Gorgeous smile, beautiful lips. But I reserve the right to change my answer, depending on where the night takes us." She flicked her eyes down his body than back up.
Sherlock ignored this, merely licking a finger to flip through the pages more easily. "And of course you found the manner in which Molly's body reacts to the cold of the mortuary to be quite interesting. How serendipitous that she soiled her lab coat with cerebrospinal fluid this morning. She was all the colder and you had a less obstructed view."
Molly was light-headed now, panting a bit. The door was still partially open beside her and warmth spread through her groin as she thought about being seen. She pulled at his button and fly with shaky hands and then worked on her own when he stepped back to tug them off. His pants did nothing to hide the rather huge bulge trapped inside.
They slept restlessly, tangled together protectively.
John rolled over and adjusted his pillow with a yawn, trying to eke out a few more minutes of sleep before he admitted it was morning. He opened his eyes for just a moment, confirming that he was alone in the bed again. He felt a pang of disappointment along with a rush of relief. When Sherlock laid down in his bed last night, his main concern had been the potential awkwardness of hiding their morning erections (although it seemed that wouldn't have been an issue for him this morning, regardless). Of course, that concern had been rather overwhelmed by his nightmare-induced panic attack. John stretched, groaning against his sore muscles. He must've been wound up like a spring during his nightmare. Finally giving up the ghost, he sat up and swung his legs over the edge of the bed. He retrieved his T-shirt from the floor -- the bed must've gotten too warm with Sherlock under the covers -- and slid it on, along with a pair of jeans before padding downstairs.
been rather spectacular. They'd interrupted two smugglers in the middle of a handoff and of course the morons had given chase, eventually splitting off. John and Sherlock split up as well and when John finally caught up to his criminal he'd pulled a knife. John was hardly helpless in this scenario but the other smuggler had circled around and attached him from behind. He'd fallen to the ground, suddenly focused on nothing but avoiding the knife and feet that were raining down on him.
The fingers pulled back and smacked her across the face, hard. Molly cried out a soft moan and a cock filled her open mouth. The riding crop kissed across her thighs a few times and she heard Sherlock's voice floating at her from far away. "If you want to stop, and you can't talk, tap out. MOLLY!" A crack of the riding crop brought her to attention. "How do you safeword out if your mouth is full?" She shook her head; she'd never use it. Another crack, this time across her knuckles. Molly's yelp was muffled by cock.
Sherlock’s face broke rank, pain flickering through his eyes before he could stop it.
Molly was crying out with each battering thrust, no longer lifting her hips much to meet him. Sherlock could go quite some time like this, but he could see that she was starting to pant, seeking out oblivion. He caught Sally and John's eyes and glanced at Molly's breasts. They knelt over her on either side, lowering their mouths to suck, nip, and lick at her already-erect nipples. Molly arched into them, and Sherlock let go of one of her legs to rub right circles against her clit.
. “I’m sorry, Sherlock.”
??!?!? You know exactly why we're here."
Tears prickles her eyes. "I can't stay there," she said pleaded.
." His shoulders stiffened fractionally. "You don't think
Sherlock shook his head, dislodging the refrain echoing there. He needed to remain calm and figure this out. He reviewed the evidence.  John didn’t want to look at him, or touch him, or talk to him. He responded to direct questions, of course, and if Sherlock kissed him, he allowed it, but there was no enthusiasm or encouragement; he didn’t seem to really
"I don't think he's American. More likely, one or both of his parents are expatriates, and he was raised here."
Sherlock’s heart slowed, and his breath regulated, and John’s firm pressure was sliding away, and then he was empty. He shivered. “But you didn’t finish,” Sherlock protested sleepily. Suddenly, danger prickled at the edges of his brain.
Finally, they were in John's office and Sally was there, and Molly just wanted to sleep. Was scared to sleep. Wanted to curl up next to Sherlock -- safe Sherlock, who loved her, who would never hurt her -- but the thought of him being so close made her panicky. Sally was asking her a question, and she had no idea what it was. She looked at Sherlock. His rumbling baritone was soothing. "Do you want to make a report?"
"John --"
Sherlock wrapped his arms around her comfortingly, tucked her hair behind her ears, and kissed the top of her head. He held her close, let her soak his undoubtedly expensive shirt, and didn’t try to tell her that everything was fine. She leaned into his familiar embrace, keened, and reflected that she had been wrong before. In this moment, she felt utterly safe, and oh, what a relief it was to set down her fear for awhile. Her grief was raw and insistent and she didn’t fight it. She allowed Sherlock to hold her, kiss her, and murmur to her, easing her through it until finally the sharp emotions seemed to reach their end. Wiping her face, she took a shaky breath and pushed herself up a bit. Sherlock handed her a fresh tissue and she thanked him, blowing into it before adding it to the rather disgusting pile on the coffee table.
---------
Molly recoiled as though she'd been struck. Of all the things she'd imagined -- concern, doctorly advice, fury on Sherlock's behalf -- she had never even thought to consider being kicked out.
"See? Take your time." John pulled Greg back into his mouth, swallowing him down once, twice, three times at a leisurely pace. "But if you get bored waiting for your gag to calm, there's plenty down here to keep your hands busy." He cupped Greg's bollocks gently before running a finger down his perineum to ghost over his hole. Greg took a raggedy breath.
. Although I was just thinking that one of these days Lestrade's going to have to get us off."
They continued like this, stopping and starting, soothing and encouraging and promising, until finally,
Sherlock sat down then, on the chair opposite John’s bed, fingers steepled at his mouth. “Go on,” he said, quietly.
John narrowed his eyes and Sherlock took a sudden interest in retrieving his clothes from the floor. “You’ve been acting like that on purpose to goad me into this.” Sherlock didn’t respond except to huff dismissively, but his ears went pink. “You did!” John laughed. “You tricky bastard.”
John chuckled. "Why don't you guess?"
Sherlock giggled, rubbing his thumb over the pale skin of his belly and absently smiling, not seeming to have heard John.
They (well, John) invited him to stay but he waved them off. After he left, John looked up at Sherlock with a quirks eyebrow. "Exactly how long have you known Greg was gay?"
John laughed. "For God's sake, the man forgot to put sugar on his
"I'm close, are--?"
) and two guesses later, he was in. He'd gotten an email confirmation for an appointment with Ella, read a load of accounts from victims of hate crimes, and written a draft entry to his blog about how he'd bollocksed things up with Sherlock and was leaving Baker Street.
Sherlock pulled back, stroking John’s face, eyes tight. “John?”
He held his hands up mildly. "I
Of course, it was loud enough that people were rather forced to get close if they wanted to talk.
John swallowed. "Did you ... Have you been tested?"
He stood, approaching her. “You worked that stabbing case for Lestrade today?” She nodded. He reached for his violin, which was laying out on the desk. “Three knives?”
She was certain she would. They had all long ago learned to place their trust in Sherlock when they played. He sometimes pushed people to their limits, but had yet to go past them.
Sherlock's voice positively dripped with disdain. "He was a drunken, philandering plagiarist who fooled everyone into thinking he was a genius. And even if I was compelled to torture myself with one of his idiotic plays, I certainly would not watch it at the cinema." He sniffed, removing his gloves and approaching the ticket counter with the air of resignation. "Two tickets to something with a lot of explosions, please," he said to the cashier, looking utterly bored.
It wasn’t working tonight. Sherlock appreciated the thorough snog John was giving him – he had eventually plunged inside his mouth and was now massaging their tongues together – but it wasn’t leaving him as breathlessly, thoughtlessly aroused as normal. John, who was nearly as shrewd as a consulting detective when it came to deciphering Sherlock’s interest, pulled back, turning his attention to Sherlock’s neck and ears.
"Yeah, all over me, mmm..."
, Sherlock. You like that, getting your mouth fucked?" He thrusted in deeply a few more times, stopping when Sherlock's eyes began to water; he didn't actually want to hurt him. God, Anthea was probably rubbing herself in tight circles right now. He ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair more gently now, no longer pulling, but Sherlock held his gaze and took him as deeply and quickly as he could without hurting himself. He cried out a warning and Sherlock pulled back slightly, holding his mouth open to catch John's come as he stroked him through his climax.
, Sherlock. God, I need you inside me.”
John sucked in a shuddery breath and nodded slightly, not trusting his voice. He was well past the point of no return, had been on edge for the last 2 minutes. "Please," he whispered desperately.
They were quiet the rest of the short walk home, but Sherlock’s mind raced the entire way. One part of him was very much looking forward to the evening, of course, but most of him was fighting a battle against anxiety. What if he hurt John? What if he was
John gulped in deep breaths and groaned his satisfaction. "Oh my God, that was phenomenal." Sherlock stood again, grinning, and John laughed. "You've got spunk on your face, here." He wiped it and Sherlock moved quickly to suck it off his thumb. "Mmmm, you're wicked. I think I'll suck you off, now."
John released Sherlock's legs and licked a stripe up the underside of his cock as he snapped open the bottle. It clicked shut again and there,
besides the fucking point. I can't stop my body from reacting to physical stimuli, and you never asked me if it would be OK to go down on me in my sleep."
John was tight, so tight around him, and Sherlock surged forward, his world condensed into the clenching around his prick and John’s wide, blue-brown eyes, which were squinting, grimacing …
“Making me work for it tonight, eh?” he teased, licking over Sherlock’s carotid. He sucked a kiss there, just a hint of teeth, which usually set Sherlock to making the kinds of noises that used to embarrass him. Tonight, nothing. Switching sides, John nibbled his way down his throat, then licked back up it to catch his mouth in a sloppy kiss. Still nothing. John closed his lips, pecking at his neck once before pulling back and looking up at him in curiosity. “Whatever’s on your mind must be serious,” he said, voice light, still teasing. John pulled him to the bed, crawling in after him.
it before." He kissed his way back to Sherlock's face, planting one to his lips before pulling away uncertainly. "You don't regret it, do you?"
Unfortunately, John opened his eyes as he was rolling and paused at the sight of Sherlock's tented pyjamas. "Ignore it," Sherlock insisted. "This isn't a sexy massage."
John frowned. "I've only been in the flat two minutes."
By the time Sherlock had caught his breath, John was kneeling beside him, looking concerned. “Oh, for God’s sake, John,” he croaked, “I’m perfectly fine. In case you hadn’t noticed, I enthusiastically participated.”
Sherlock grinned. "Eight minutes, John! That's outstanding! I wasn't sure it would work as well with me initiating."
, Sherlock observed,
Sherlock slid finger around the other side and circled back to the front. Tossing his shirt to the floor, he crouched in front of John. Sherlock ran his hands up John's shins, pressing his knees apart gently before skimming up his thighs and finally coming to rest on the arms of the chair. John was already holding his breath when Sherlock slowly slithered up between his legs, face inches from John's now very attentive cock.
The first time, it had only been Sherlock and John. Then, two months later, when the buzzing grew too loud again, Sherlock had taken in the set of her jaw, the wince of her eyes, and said, "I'll let John know to be ready tonight." Then, he had glanced over her lip biting, eye-averting gaze, and corrected himself. "And Greg and Sally, as well."
off, anyway."
John dropped his voice, although not enough to spare the cabbie. "I was going to embarrass myself if I kept watching you with her. God, I was jealous of both of you."
John closed his eyes, holding his fist still and thrusting into it with a moan. "I think about you." Sherlock craned his head to watch, fist moving faster on his own cock to sync their rhythm again. John opened his eyes again and lifted his head for a furious kiss, humming his happiness against Sherlock's lips. He ran a thumb over his cockhead and broke away from the kiss with a pant as a familiar heat spread through his belly. He thrusted into his fist a few more times as Sherlock murmured encouragement, and exploded spectacularly with a guttural cry.
Sherlock looked simultaneously thunderstruck and slightly proud at John's deduction. He was silent for a full 30 seconds. Finally he looked John in the eye. "Did I sexually assault you?"
Hardly 30 seconds passed.
John moaned. "Watching. Getting wet." Sherlock dropped to his knees and, without preamble, took John inside his mouth. "
John laughed and swatted Sherlock’s bottom, giggling at the surprised noise Sherlock made. “Ahh, so you like a light spanking. Noted.” He swatted again, with a bit more force, then caressed over it, soothing out the sting while Sherlock set to work unbuttoning his shirt. Sherlock hesitated for a brief moment, shooting a glance over his shoulder before allowing the shirt to drop.
As he played the final notes, Sherlock thought about honesty.
John gripped Sherlock’s hair tightly and shoved his cock down his throat. Sherlock had been unprepared and so began choking almost immediately. “Is this what you want?” John asked, thrusting shallowly, not letting Sherlock breathe. “You want me to punish you for being such a goddamn prick lately?” He pulled out, letting Sherlock gasp a breath before plunging back in. He could feel his rage pulsing through his veins and the need to claim and punish and conquer overtook his senses.
John grabbed Sherlock's trousers then, squeezing his arse playfully, something in the mood changed. Sherlock bit John's lip, and John opened his mouth, letting Sherlock's hot tongue invade his mouth. Tipping his head, John lifted his tongue to meet Sherlock's, and suddenly the kiss turned frenzied. John was still squeezing Sherlock's arse, and Sherlock had a huge hand at the back of John's head, clutching him close.
. You didn't honestly think he was going to win?"
She pulled him through the slit in his pants and stroked his heavy cock. He bit his lip to muffle a groan and thrust up into her hand eagerly. Looking up at him with a sly smile, she spread her legs and he pushed aside her thong. Pulling his cock to her, she rubbed the head against her opening and rocked her hips.
"I've lived," he reminded the older man. "Tell me how you want to come." John hesitated, and Sherlock pulled back, looking him in the eye. "You're desperate for something."
John cracked a grin. "Of course." He pulled out his cock, bringing it to full attention with a few quick strokes, then sat back to watch Sherlock.
job of justifying to yourself your choice to dodge real consequences. Overcoming adversity doesn't negate what you did. Vincent Tucker doesn't get to choose to not live with
John smiled sleepily and murmured against Sherlock's shoulder. "I think I love you, too, mate."
Sherlock walked through the door and inhaled deeply.
Heat burned her throat and it felt good. She smiled as she felt the heat spread through her chest, and watched as Caramel Voice raised an eyebrow and tipped it back in one shot as well. He closed his eyes for moment and when he opened, he touched her elbow, leaning to speak in her ear. "One more?"
John's voice, growling in her ear. "Say it again." Molly rubbed her thighs together, trying for some friction.
Sherlock chuckled, buzzing John's cock pleasantly. With one last swirl of his tongue, he lifted up. "You are usually so reserved," Sherlock explained. "I like seeing you lose control like that. Bring that fine arse of yours to the edge of the bed and roll over, will you? There you go. Tuck your knees under you. God, you're perfect." Sherlock teased the hole with feathery flicks to the edges while John panted above him.
"And that was the day that I found out he was quite funny. He told me this story about his grandmother getting pissed and feeding biscuits to a bear. The bear got mad when the biscuits ran out, of course, and it tried to follow her in the house." John chuckled. "He was moving around, trying to act the whole thing out, while I'm trying to sew him shut. Blood everywhere."
John answered immediately. “Absolutely.”
An image flashed in her mind, unbidden, of kneeling on all fours while Sherlock fucked her mouth and John hammered into her from behind. Rough, delicious, perfect. They could take her over and make her forget all the bad thoughts in her mind for a little while, replace them with new bad-good ones. It could ruin things between all of them, would definitely cause a complication in the very least. A thrill ran through Molly as she thought about flirting with the possibility of destroying her safety net. But then she looked at Sherlock's face, which was so open and worried and loving, and knew he and John would never push her the way she wanted to be pushed just now.
"Get me a flannel, would ya? I'm covered."
“A bit weird,” John admitted. “Like I need to use the loo.”
Sally nodded as she unloaded soups, breadsticks, and a big salad onto the table. "Yeah, that's familiar. Really, it's not even been two weeks. Maybe talk to John, see if you need to tinker with your dosage? You're going through a lot."
Sherlock dropped a kiss to John's shoulder and nuzzled the side of his head. "At times, I think you're the genius."
John mouthed
He leaned back slightly and grabbed Sherlock's hips for leverage before pumping his own more firmly. "Oh my God," he murmured, looking down to watch his cock disappear between Sherlock's gloriously long legs. Why had they never done this before?
On Friday, Sally had texted her, and so that evening she refreshed her makeup and met her at a pub. They ordered sandwiches and pints and chit chatted about the stabbing case Molly had worked on.
And then suddenly, John forgot how to breathe, because Sherlock was dancing toward him, swinging his hips to the beat and holding intense eye contact as he freed the buttons at the top of the shirt.
"Sexsomnia," Sherlock said, curiosity in his voice. "Often triggered by stress. How on earth did you make it through Afghanistan?"
Sherlock didn’t often drink, and he didn’t realize until they started walking just how much the third glass of wine had affected him. He focused on walking and articulating precisely as they bantered about who had won the wager, although John’s knowing look made him think he wasn’t entirely fooled. They waited at a crosswalk for the light to change, and Sherlock turned to look into John’s eyes. “Tonight? You’re sure?”
John cleared his throat a bit and
Molly sat in her office and for about half an hour, she felt quite normal as she reviewed her caseload for the day, reviewing the police reports, medical records and initial bloodwork from the new deaths and determining who needed a full autopsy. She groaned as she saw a stabbing victim on her list. The police had counted approximately 30 stabs and suspected multiple assailants. Although she found those cases a fun challenge, they were very time consuming and she was already starting the day behind schedule.
John shrugged. "They seemed a bit shy about snogging with everyone watching, but they were practically vibrating with the effort of holding it in." He chuckled. "Figured I'd give them an excuse. Least I could do, since she just won me the right to pick our next movie at the cinema.
of me,” he spat out, as though the word tasted bad. “Never gave me much trouble after that, and I stopped going home when I could possibly avoid it. Then he died a few years later and I moved on with my life.”
, John. Does this look like the work of the mafia or a bookie? Check his body, tell me what you see.”
Sally laughed. "Not ruined, but don't rush it. You'll know when you're ready." Molly tore her eyes away from his jeans and Sally slid a pint across the table. "So. Tell me an embarrassing story about Sherlock."
When Sherlock woke up, really woke up, John's head was on the bed near his thigh, his hand next to Sherlock's. Sherlock observed him for a moment, listening to his soft snores, before deciding that he should wake him before he got a crick in his neck. He reached down, running his fingers through the short, light hair. When John stirred, he sat up, wiping nonexistent drool from his face and stammering apologies before eyeing him carefully. "How are you feeling?"
Sherlock chuckled. "You're very different when you're awake, I must say."
A week later, John woke himself up groaning in desire and thrusting into the hot, wet suction on his cock. After a moment of confused wakefulness, he raised his head from the pillow and looked down to see his fingers tangled in Sherlock's curls. Pulling sharply and shoving him away, John sat up and pulled his pants back up. "What the actual FUCK, Sherlock?!?!?!?!?!?"
Sherlock laid back, his erection jutting up and curving slightly toward his abdomen, and John knelt over his hips. Sherlock passed him the bottle, and John tipped a bit onto his fingers, coating both of them generously. He reached between his legs to gasp Sherlock’s erection and settled himself against it, shifting to find a good angle before bearing down. With a long, slow slide, he buried Sherlock about halfway before he paused with an exhale. They grinned at each other, both seeming to realize at the same moment how absurd it all was. John made a mental note to thank Clara for inviting him out, even though he’d never made it.
He winced. "That came out badly. Can we strike it from the record? What I meant to say is it's a 3-way tie between your cheekbones, your smile, and your legs."
"-- you without securing your permission first. But I don't understand why you're so upset. You have been thinking about it ever since your episode, and your body responded very positively. It's unlike you to get caught up in semantics like this."
Sherlock rolled his eyes, and it was comforting, being treated like a bit of an idiot. “Why would he
John startled; he hadn't know Sherlock had a case on, but here he was, clearly infiltrating a gay club. John took a sip of his drink and watched him, trying to pin down what about Sherlock was off. He held his weight just slightly more on one hip, and his posture was looser, his elbows moving more as he gestured. His smile was wide, generous, and he was laughing easily along with the others. He was animated. It was artfully done; he wasn't exactly "playing gay", but his mannerisms were subtly different in a way that said he belonged here.
John rushed to speak, apology plain in his voice. "I didn't come here to spy on you. Clara invited me out for her birthday celebration, and I swear this is where she told me to meet everyone, but they are nowhere to be found." He looked around helplessly, as if to prove the point. He just wanted to escape, to leave so Sherlock would let that happy, bright version of himself back out of its cage.
John toed off his shoes, hung his jacket, and plopped down in his chair. "Because you were quite right. I've been avoiding this for 15 years and there's no other way to even come close to making things right. Not that I can erase what I did, but perhaps Vincent will finally have a little bit of peace from knowing that the person who hurt him has been found and that the truth is out."
??!? These reports say the attacker was never identified. So you’ve never had
Sherlock sucked lightly at his pulse point for a moment before answering. "Finding all of them could require quite a bit of experimentation."
I added a tag for a reference to a past sexual assault. It's nothing graphic, but could be triggering for the wrong reader.
Sherlock hummed noncommittally and waited for John to speak, but of course he didn't. After a long moment of silence, Sherlock sat up a bit and tugged John's tie loose before slipping it over his head. "It was a tiresome day," he began in response to John's curious glance. Unfastening John's shirt buttons efficiently, he continued. "You had to do three sets of stitches on adults who fell off those ridiculous hoverboard contraptions they no doubt got their children for Christmas. A child vomited in your exam room. A man came in looking for pain meds, but he was faking. Plus the normal cases of strep, flu, colds, etc." John sat up so Sherlock could push the shirt off of him and pull the vest over his head. "Turn."
John straightened, breaking into a grin. "I'm sorry, did
Once they were nude, things slowed down. They wrapped their arms around each other, sighing in relief when their skin was finally touching from lips to thighs. John turned their frantic kisses slow and soft, savouring the taste of Sherlock on his tongue. He guided them toward the bed, eager to get closer. Sherlock broke the kiss, finally, when the backs of his knees met the mattress, sitting down and scooting back.
Sherlock took another sip of his drink, and poured Molly one more shot. "We're people of action. I always enjoy a good fight when nothing else clears my mind. Same thing."
Sherlock chuckled, pressing a kiss to John’s knee. “It gets better, I promise.” He pushed forward fractionally, pausing after every tiny move forward to let John adjust, to check his comfort level. “You’re so
like that?"
John protested sleepily. "it's much better, you don't have to--"
Finally, they had painstakingly catalogued each wound and determined that two knives had been used and that approximately half of the wounds had been inflicted while the victim was supine. Molly washed up and retreated gratefully to her small office. It was time for her to review lab results and dictate autopsy reports but first she needed to take a moment to decompress. Her arm was aching badly from overuse and her mind felt overwhelmed from the effort of her intense focus that morning. She shrugged off her lab coat and stretched her aching arm before closing her eyes and reaching up to massage her temples. God, what she wouldn't give for a drink.
John considered that for a moment. “Any pain or mobility problems I should know about?”
John patted Sherlock's shoulder somewhat awkwardly. "Hey, thanks for last night, mate." His presence last night had helped him calm down a lot faster than normal; once his panic subsided, he had crashed hard and slept like the dead, confident that he was safe with Sherlock's reassuring weight next to him.
Early the next morning, a weight on the bed woke her up. She opened a bleary eye to see Sherlock arching a tentatively amused eyebrow. "Whaa?" She groaned, squinting against the dull ache in her head. He flicked his eyes to her breasts, one of which was being lightly cupped by short, strong fingers. Slightly panicked, she followed the hand back to its source and then flopped back down.
"Oh fuck, if you aren't a gorgeous sight," he hissed. "I believe you requested to watch this part?" He pumped himself roughly.
They finally made it! Be sure to let me know what you think. :)
She shrugged out of her jacket and toed off her shoes and did not attempt to shutter her exhaustion one bit. She looked up at Sherlock, checking to see that he had understood, and he nodded at her.
Sherlock looked up at him, a gleam in his eye. "Do it," he said quietly. "Show me what happens to mouthy little tossers when they cross John Watson. You know you want to."
cocktail in under an hour was a recipe for disaster. But Sherlock had told him to drink and flirt, and he didn't like to do a job halfway. "That's my flatmate," he admitted, nodding over to where Sherlock was
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock approached John then, dragging a lazy finger along his collarbone, then tracing it over his shoulder and across his back as he circled John's chair slowly. Once his finger reached John spine, he traced up, sending shivers through John. Then he slid his fingers into John's overgrown hair and
John glanced up, taking in Sherlock’s bitten lips and flushed skin and the tension in his shoulders, and understood what Sherlock needed in that magical way he always had done. “OK,” he said, with a reassuring smile, before closing his mouth around Sherlock, swirling his tongue around his length once before pushing forward to take the bulk of him in. He hollowed his cheeks as he lifted his head again, swirling his tongue around the head as he sucked.
"No, I don't," Sherlock teased. "But I fancy you all the same."
He swatted John's hands from his shirt, sensing he was on the verge of simply ripping it open. Fingers moving swiftly over buttons, he stripped his shirt off efficiently as he watched John shuck his jumper and T-shirt in one smooth motion, exposing a broad chest already splotchy with arousal. Sherlock tossed his shirt on the coffee table and waited.
Sherlock stepped back, one corner of his mouth lifted in a sly smile. "Mmm. You know I never guess." He raked his eyes over John, whose face warmed with the sudden attention. "You said you were ‘mostly straight', which typically implies just mutual masturbation and oral sex; however, your smug smile suggests you've had a more involved experience."
Sally landed a stinging smack across his face. "Shut the fuck up, Sherlock." Then she yanked on his lead, pulling him forward into her lap. "You'd better make me scream." She rubbed against his face, smearing her slick against his cheek and nose before settling against his mouth. "Eat me, and do it righ...."
John smiled a bit. "Better than you? Wouldn't be so sure."
John put a placating hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "It's all right, love. You just have to slow down. Go as far as you're comfortable, hold it there, and slowly nudge forward. Slow is sexy, yeah?" He crouched down, swirling his tongue over Greg's head before slowly sliding his cock in his mouth and then pulling back. "He won't get bored waiting. You're not bored, are you, Greg?"
Sherlock didn't respond other than to loosen John's belt and trousers and slide a hand inside to palm his erection. "Rock hard, just imagining being watched. Naughty, naughty." He closed his hand around John and squeezed gently, eliciting a moan. "Shall we let her see what she's been turning away?" Sherlock pulled him in for a kiss, shifting their position so the camera caught their profile rather than his back, and pushed John's trousers and pants down his thighs. John's flushed cock jutted away from his body and Sherlock took a half-step back, running his fingers lightly over the shaft as John shivered. "She's watching closely now. So let's give her a good show, yeah?"
Molly opened her eyes long enough to roll them. "S'different. You can't keep going after." She rubbed her face against John's shoulder before resting it in his broad chest. She rubbed at his chest hair absently. "He migh' notta listened," she slurred. "Too far gone."
this position. from here, he could kiss and touch and bury himself deep. Sherlock moved lazily over him, letting John pull him down and murmuring quiet encouragement. “Feels so good, John. You’re perfect. This is amazing, you’re amazing.”
And the following day, better still. Her appetite started to return, and whether it was because of the food or the pills, she had more energy. She still felt angry quite often, but keeping it from bursting out of her was easier.
Sherlock kissed the words off his mouth, and John tensed slightly before relaxing with what seemed like deliberate effort. Sherlock pulled back, keeping his face playful. "When you're me, you learn that it's smart to build up credit with people you know you'll annoy later. Come. You might as well take a Flexaril and some ibuprofen while you're up."
His wondering came to a swift end when he opened the refrigerator to get the milk and was greeted with a clean, floral scent. Narrowing his eyes, Sherlock looked on the only empty shelf and found a wilted tulip petal. Red, with yellow fringe. He stood frozen, staring at that flower petal for so long that eventually his refrigerator began beeping in protest at its low temperature. Shaking himself from his reverie, he picked up the petal, attempting to glean more information from it.
"Ok," John said. "Go ahead and try."
She wasn't sure what it meant that she wanted someone to hurt her again tonight.
He laughed. "Best not, then. I might not pass."
"How do you know what Molly's nipples look like?"
Sherlock watched passively as John yanked on his belt buckle and pushed his trousers down his legs. “Did he?” he asked in a voice that would have passed for dispassionate to anyone else as he stepped out of his trousers and pulled off his socks. He stood there, clad in nothing but gray boxer-briefs, looking…
glare when Sherlock tilted his head and started to open his mouth. He settled for resting a large palm on John's soft corduroy trousers instead.
Laying his book down, John patted the cushion beside him. Sherlock gingerly set down his violin and circled the couch once before settling. John immediately scooted closer and brushed an errant curl back from his face. "I'm sorry I called you a prostitute."
This was very bad.
Sherlock tugged at John’s belt, suddenly feeling that there were far too many layers separating them, and John reluctantly moved his hand to help remove his trousers. Once they were both down to their pants, Sherlock pulled John toward him as he backed up, and they tumbled onto the bed, grinning at each other as they bounced a bit. Sherlock scooted back to be properly on the bed, and John stretched out beside him. He slid his fingers under the waistband of Sherlock’s pants, glancing up at Sherlock’s face to watch his reaction as he finally closed his hand around him.
, that’ss… fucking
"Christ, that's good. Oh GOD!" He exclaimed when Greg sucked his balls into his mouth just as John flickered his tongue just inside of him. "I changed my mind. Lestrade, suck me."
Molly handed them over reluctantly. Honestly, she wanted to stand here and collect her thoughts a bit, but Sally was all business. She unlocked the front door efficiently and strode through it confidently. "Keep up, Hooper."
John huffed his annoyance, but otherwise ignored the jab and allowed Sherlock to push him back onto his knees.
“Berk,” John admonished fondly. He slowly kissed his way down Sherlock’s body, nipping at his ribs and hipbones before settling between his legs and lapping up a bead of precum. Sherlock’s hips jerked in spite of himself, and John moaned a bit, moving his hips against the mattress before tracing a vein with his tongue.
Sherlock sighed, toeing off his own shoes and adopting a superior demeanor. "I rather thought I was talking you up. I don't believe there are statistics available on the average penis size of white male Londoners but in my experience you are between the 97th and 99th percentile, or approximately 2 standard deviations away from the mean."
. Reaching up to cradle his face, John pressed in, parting their lips to slide his tongue against Sherlock’s.
John squeezed his hand affectionately and stole a quick kiss. "I love you, too."
Sherlock didn’t look at him, just kept pacing and occasionally squeezing his eyes shut. John swallowed and continued. “One day my Dad and I were out, and I was less spectacularly drunk than he was, so I drove us home. And I …” He swallowed again, took a big breath. “I swerved, hit someone. A homeless man. He
angry at
Sherlock felt the slight burn and then the give of his muscles around John's short, scissoring fingers. He nodded and John added a third. The burn was a little less this time, and then John brushed across his prostate and he cried out as sparks showered through his body.
was on display."
After they had all showered and Molly had gone to bed in John's old room, John and Sherlock laid together in bed, both unable to sleep.
Marc pulled back, winking. "Well, that's a door left cracked open if I've ever heard one." He tugged on John and Sherlock, who drained their glasses and followed him. "Let's dance, bitches."
Thinking of his gagging earlier, Sherlock added
Sherlock shook his head dismissively, although his voice had gone a touch breathless. “It was good, until …” His brow furrowed as he tried to dissect what had triggered the change.
Sherlock observed. Sally was angry, most probably with him for his remark at the crime scene the day before. John was torn between wanting to get off and wanting to cancel everything because of the stupid blindfold. Greg was watching Sally's fingers getting sucked with great interest. Molly was itching for rough handling tonight, was already humming against Sally's fingers. "Somebody shut her up," he said coldly.
Sherlock’s chuckle rumbled through his chest, buzzing pleasantly against John’s neglected cock. “Mmm, look at you. Eager, are we?”  John wasn’t willing to stop sucking him to answer, so he fucked himself on Sherlock’s fingers instead. He was tempted, so tempted, to beg Sherlock to grab his prick; he knew it would only take a few strokes for him to go off like a rocket, and it wouldn’t take much work at all to get Sherlock there, either. But he knew how much better it was going to get, so he pulled reluctantly off of Sherlock’s cock.
)rifling in his bedside stand for a small plastic bottle. He tipped a bit of it onto his fingers and laid back down, bringing the bottle with him. Leaning in to nibble at John’s lower lip, he swirled a slick finger around John’s opening. John made a needy sound, moving to get Sherlock’s finger where he wanted it. “My, but you’re impatient,” Sherlock teased, swiping directly across John’s hole. “Shall I get on with it, then?”
," he said, and it was like a prayer. He closed the small distance between them and plundered his mouth again as he pushed more deeply between his thighs, entwining their fingers above John's head. Emotion consumed him, and suddenly he realized that despite their leisurely pace, he was close.
She broke the kiss long enough to tug at his shirt, pull it over his head. He reached for the 3 remaining buttons on Molly's shirt and pushed it off her shoulders. Grabbing her tits, he kissed her jaw, biting and sucking down her neck before running a tongue down her cleavage, dipping under her bra to swipe over her nipple.
Narrowing his eyes, Sherlock spat out his most contemptuous tone. "Oh, you know we haven't done anything
to suck cocks. Her mouth is too small to take it very deep, but she uses her hands to work the shaft. At the end, she sucked on just the head while she stroked me off. Milked it right out of me and swallowed it with a grin. She had come dripping down her chin afterward."
Another customer approached the bar and John took the opportunity to check in on Sherlock. He had let go of the dancer's breast and now had his hands on her frankly luscious arse. John licked his lips, swaying a bit on his stool as he reached back for his drink.
She pushed at his shoulders and he released her leg, pulling out of her. She quickly rearranged her knickers and ignored the sensation of semen dripping down her thighs as she pulled her jeans on.
Anderson scooted away and John and Sherlock were more or less alone with the owners in the garden again; Donovan and Lestrade were talking animatedly over by the crime tape now but were not within earshot . John looked up at Sherlock quizzically and he flicked his eyes quickly at the owners in warning. John looked up and froze.
Sherlock uncrossed his legs, leaning forward and grabbing his head in frustration.  "There is
"There's a good man," John purred, rubbing his cock along Sherlock's lips and cheeks, trying to school his rage and jealousy. He didn't want to fall completely into the abyss of his darker impulses, but he knew he was standing right on the ragged edge.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~=
Sherlock didn’t trust his voice, so he leaned down to close his lips over John’s, relishing the feeling of the gentle pressure of John’s warm hand at the back of his neck. John’s touches were firm now – squeezes to his arm, or his neck, or his hip – as though he knew Sherlock needed help staying tethered to the moment. Sherlock opened his mouth, and John licked inside it, meeting his tongue with brief pressure before closing their lips in a firm kiss before diving back in for more. After a minute, John pulled back, his hands a steady presence on Sherlock’s hips. He glanced down at their feet, then back up at Sherlock’s eyes. “Why don’t you step out of those before we forget they’re there and fall on our arses?”
John drove into him, hard. “Like this?” he growled, shoving into Sherlock so forcefully that he moved him up the bed a bit. Sherlock groaned in response. “I see," said John, crashing into him once more. Sherlock moaned helplessly, turning his head to bite his own shoulder. “You want me to
experience?" As soon as the words were out of his mouth, he wished he could recall them. They had never discussed exact numbers but Sherlock's personality being what it was, John assumed that his opportunities had been limited. Which was totally fine; John genuinely didn't care about Sherlock's sexual past. It was a sign of how angry and embarrassed he was that he was shaming Sherlock for his relative inexperience.
"Me of all people," Sherlock snarked. "Are Harry and I the
Despite whatever Sherlock insinuated at crime scenes, he knew that John was highly intelligent. If John was having an affair, he would not keep his paramour's flowers in the refrigerator.  He considered other occasions that warranted flowers. Weddings. Funerals. Hospitalizations. Hostess gifts. Births. Birthdays. Anniversaries.
Sherlock's shoulders were stiff with tension. "Yes, John! For god's sake, it was before I knew you, I don't see why you should be--"
