John asked the question, and then checked the time. It was still early evening, meaning the opportunity to intervene was still on the table.
“I’m not a printer,” Sherlock said, clearly peeved.
” John raged from somewhere above him, and Sherlock gasped as the weight over top of his mid-section was lifted a half-inch, high enough for him to squeeze himself out from underneath.
With a healthy dose of fear, and thus a perfectly still hand, John reached out to grip Sherlock an inch above the knee. When Sherlock didn’t protest, John lowered himself to the ground. Their chairs were already practically pressed together so once he went to the floor, he was already at his final destination, kneeling between Sherlock’s thighs.
So he likes crime thrillers, or at least has a passing fancy for them. From Sherlock’s vantage point he can see the man has been reading the same part for a long time, occasionally looking away, and then snapping his eyes back to the top of the page. Reading but not processing anything he’s scanning. He’s bored. Very bored. Doesn’t like the adventure stories then?
Now it’s Sherlock who wraps his hand around John’s trembling, clenching fist. Their fingers lace. When John’s fingers draw in, when his hand curls into itself, Sherlock’s fingers curl in with them.
“Near Edgecoombe, about forty miles up channel.” Lestrade seemed resigned, as if he saw now that discomfort was to be the nature of this conversation, and he had chosen to accept it.
“Let me guess,” John began, once he’d composed himself, “in the comic, like you, I died?”
Wilkes went to stand by the window and lit a cigarette, blowing out his smoke in huffs. It was an image he couldn’t wait to never see again.
Sherlock leans into his touch and makes a noise somewhat akin to a moan.
“You summoned both of them here under false pretenses,” John accused. “You don’t actually trust either of them to serve, do you? You only plan to neuter them.”
“There isn’t much here besides a Murray at two o'clock, with an asterisk next to the name. Who was Murray?” Colonel Barclay asked, immediately looking to John, and then Moriarty. It was the same answer as before. No one knew.
John laughed a bit more, before deciding to let him off easy. “I’m surprised is all. I’m sure I couldn’t have been very interesting to read about,” he remarked, to soften the blow. “Boring really. A lot of desert to look at in that book, was there?”
“You have questions,” Sherlock observed, before they reached the minute mark.
“Crap,” John muttered, his arm retreating behind the curtain. Despite it being the obvious next move, one of Sherlock’s feet nearly slipped off the fixture when, without turning the shower off, John pulled the curtain back to duck out and retrieve his shower gel.
With a grin, he replied, “I haven’t the faintest. But the thief doesn’t know that.”
“Mine was in the bedroom,” John replied glibly. “Seriously. Why are you looking up my old commanding officer?”
Watson always took offence to his means of entry. “Use the damn door!”
“No, I mean it sincerely,” John said smiling, and looking away from the road to catch his eye. “I really did almost lose my head in there, and your distraction reminded me not to. You, you reminded me to - ”
“Could no one have gotten out to her?” he asked. Some aspect of this story struck a chord in his mind, some part not seeming quite right.
He would have liked to point out there were other clues to suggest her height, but simply pulled the slippers off his hands and dropped them back on the floor.
“Come now, why a whole other story,” Watson insisted, rocking back on his heels. “There must be a reason.”
“John,” the man began again, “why do you suppose this trip was scheduled to be longer than the others?”
Why’s the coffee thing got a brand name when the teapot’s just a teapot?
John’s fierce protectiveness from earlier returned, and he remembered in a flash that there were still people after Sherlock. They’d disposed of the poacher, but there would be more to come. And who had that other man over the feed been?
Watson was shorter than him, but still wider in the shoulders. As he slid the coat around his frame, he felt like a child wearing his older brother’s clothes, playing at being grown-up. Usually he’d have hated it, but the coat smelled like Watson, which was comfortable in its familiarity, and Watson smiled at him when he wrapped the sleeves tighter around him.
John still doesn’t understand.
From there, John could nothing but frot, and only needed a few more thrusts against Sherlock’s quivering abdomen till he shook apart in the loose loop of Sherlock’s arms. Better even than the intense build up and release was being caught after, Sherlock bundling him up in his limbs. Dazed, John knew that was meant to be his job as well; namely, the missing part of Sherlock’s past experiences.
“It wasn’t a laugh!” That incident had been very trying for the both of them. God, John could get things so twisted. “Those were both… unintended. Incidents.”
Sherlock’s face twisted till it was almost unrecognizable to John. His hair lifted from his forehead, and a swell of magical power crackled through the air. Archie took a step back; John stayed put.
He blinked in confusion. This conversation was pointless. Better to not continue speaking with someone who was obviously muddled. Gladstone, finally obedient, followed him over the rocks and back to where John was waiting anxiously. John’s agitation had returned in full force, if the tension he read in John’s shoulders was anything to go by.
John considered telling Sherlock that it was because the man’s life was riveting, or that John enjoyed the cases, or that his childhood nostalgia always drew him back in. But that wouldn’t be the whole truth of it, and if Sherlock Holmes was as good as John had always thought he was, he would know it in an instant.
Except. The shape of a person. This isn’t supernatural at all, John realizes with a start. It’s merely a man, and he hasn’t truly materialized from beneath the bed. Now that the person has fully risen from the ground, John can see that there is in fact an opening in the floor. An opening in the floor accessed by a hatch, which had moved the bed when opened, and is clearly where the man has appeared. A hidden space within a hidden room - God, he should have known.
“Honestly? It’s a relief,” John said. “I was never cut out for that life. I was terrible at balancing the books, and there was a lot to balance - and Harry certainly never took any interest in it. That kind of living was just unsustainable. I think our class is on its way out.”
He was not in the mood for this.
Jane and Mike Stamford. The Watson of his mind knew it all, he supposed.
“Moriarty,” Colonel Barclay said, attempting to bring the conversation to heel, “are you aware of any reason why Mrs Watson would have wanted to meet with this man to tell him something? Any idea what that something might have been?”
Unspoken, but implied:
” Sherlock replied, nearly groaning, “is a fantasy. Simply one come to life.”
A sadness overcame him. “If she ever did at all.”
It’s The Man’s stop. He stands, leaning on his cane even more than the last time Sherlock saw him, and leaves the train.
However, he felt a pang of regret that he hadn’t moved closer to the fireplace by the time Magnussen strolled into the library. The man seemed to bring a certain chill with him wherever he went.
. It’s agonizing to watch -- well, for everyone else. I’ve been enjoying it. But this, we could both enjoy.”
“Hmm yeah, no," John said, a crease forming in his brow. "I really don’t. You didn’t even know what Manderley was when we first met! And I’m the person to judge whether you’d belong there. Or is that meant as an indirect refusal? You can say so, you know, this isn’t – you can say so.”
Clara saved him from having to respond to the nebulous comment, as she appeared from behind Harry. “Let’s have a dance,” she said brightly with a firm smile, and Harry reluctantly released him from her grasp to take Clara up in her arms instead. Clara smiled at him in sympathy over her shoulder, but he was too preoccupied to nod his thanks. He finally moved away from the throng of the crowd, wondering if he should locate John again. Could he tell John he already knew the things he planned to tell him, and that he’d rather he didn’t hear them?
Eating slowed him down anyway. So did talking. Sometimes he wouldn’t eat or speak for days, preferring the company of his own thoughts to anyone outside of himself. While he and Wilkes had been in Nice, he’d been able to collect jellyfish from the sea and perform a variety of experiments on the viscosity of their secretions. The information he’d gathered was stored reliably in a section of his mind. This is where he coded items of interest using locations, a method of memory enhancement he referred to as a mind palace. There was a specific location in his memory structure, where he could feel round stones hard against his feet, and a stiff breeze tugging at his hair. It was easy for him to recede into the pleasant contemplation of the results, like slipping into a warm bath.
Pressing his fist to his lips as he chuckled, John thought a bit of inconvenience served them right, assuming no harm would come of it.
“Yeah, well, I’m not always an idiot,” John replied glibly, returning the same look.
, and John was his
How was John meant to press in past that resistant muscle without it being uncomfortable, without saying with clinical efficiency,
But that had all been fake. Hadn’t it.
“You’re unhappy about leaving, but Wilkes is bored and would like to go elsewhere. As would I. Him to America, and me to Manderley.”
Sherlock looked up from the floor, and stared at John as if they were seriously considering their answer.
“Is there?” He should have known it had been far too early to think they were done with this trouble. Out of the frying pan, and into the fire.
“Oh, all - all right,” John answered slowly, and softly. His brows fully lifted, before scrunching together, unsure what to make of him. The expression was… endearing.
Moriarty’s head tilted to the side, and he looked at David in consideration for a long moment, scorn in his gaze.
“Yes!” Sherlock said, standing from the sofa. His long, slender legs, John noted, were quite bare beneath the large sheet wrapped around him. “Don’t you see? You have to tell him I’m useless, completely incapacitated. Spend all my time in opium dens, wasting my talents. That’s why I’m never in.”
This had all backfired spectacularly. Worse yet, he wasn’t sure if he could reach John’s cane while holding him up.
“As in, he can’t hear me?”
“My fire demon’s strength isn’t what it used to be,” Irene explained to John. “I went to the palace today to show I’m not hiding in Belgravia, and to lead them away from her. She’s not even strong enough to take on her human form. I have to believe they won’t target a weakened demon, and will spend their time searching for me.”
“A disguise? Is that meant to recruit me?” John scoffed. Then, after a pause, “And is that really necessary?”
Since the proposal, John had been kind to him, but physically distant. John hadn’t misled him when he had said they wouldn’t be man and husband just yet - there had been nothing, not a single amourous advance, not since that kiss in John’s hotel room. He supposed he should be grateful he hadn’t been expected to muddle his way through a traditional wedding night.  As he had suspected, John was still not ready. If John would go so far to please him as to kiss his hand, he must have been doing a poor job of hiding his trepidation.
“Oh. Oh, right,” John said, as if just remembering what that meant for Sherlock.
“Is anything the matter, sir?” Moriarty asked, in that strange lilting voice. His Irish accent was always strongest like this, seeping through with his natural tone.
Sherlock finally looks at him to lift one eyebrow inquisitively. “You mean you were afraid of losing me, by - by going further?”
“Oh, don’t be coy. Getting into it with other lifeforms. This must have been a dream come true for you, finding one.”
“Yes,
Not stopping to remove his long coat or scarf, he hurried to the library to dig for John’s old notes. While John’s writing was colourful to say the least, the notes did prove helpful, confirming the details from his own memory. The acrobat had indeed been shot with a small bullet, one of a caliber which Sherlock was familiar with, having recently learned the wound it would leave rather intimately.
His hand, which he hadn’t been aware of, paused in its fiddling. Benzos. For God’s sake, was that necessary?
_______
John always waits for Sherlock to initiate contact, not wanting to scare him off. He’s so used to wordlessly communicating, being so in synch with Sherlock, that he doesn’t know how to ask, what to say. He’s good at doing. But he’s not good at this. This stuff.
“I don’t know what you mean, sir,” Moriarty responded. “But you’ll have to do something about that case. Best not let the master know of your bad habits.”
Watson was as nervous by his gesture as Sherlock had been admitting his fondness for the act, and he put Watson out of his misery as soon as he was able, by placing his hand in Watson’s palm.
He presumed he was ‘the new one’. Lovely.
John didn’t love him. John loved Mary. It was always Mary, Mary, Mary. He stared at that empty vial and filled syringe, and he admitted it to himself. And the man who left it there for him had intended it that way.
“Why did I think you asking for the house keys meant we were going to go into the house, rather than sit outside it in the cold in some bushes?” John gripes, aiming for annoyed but mostly sounding resigned.
I feel like I said this chapter was going to be short??? I lied, to myself and to you
The next thing Sherlock knew there was a bright light and a great deal of yelling. John had turned on the light and was now screaming bloody murder, which was rather inconsiderate of him.
Before he could come to a conclusion, a gloved hand grabbed at his elbow and turned him around abruptly.
John supposed that Sherlock, with his quick wits, had been more prepared to learn that he was to John what John was to him. Both of them literary characters in reality, somehow.
“An index?” John asked, but was overpowered by Sherlock’s aggravated groaning.
“Shh,” Sherlock shushed him, walking over to John’s desk for a pen and paper. “We can’t speak here. I’ve eavesdropped on you from the library before, it’s remarkably easy to hear from outside.”
Watson saw his distress, and leant forward to offer him more coffee with that same gentle voice. He was torn between appreciating the gesture, and feeling annoyed that his youth and awkwardness had attracted the attention.
The finishing touches were the entire upper floor, bedroom and bathroom and hallway and all, coming crashing through the ceiling, and Mrs Hudson’s room behind them falling at the same time, Mrs Hudson’s yells audible from within as it dropped to the new lower floor.
“A minor detail. They will be caught in short order, and due to your assistance.” Sherlock paused for effect, his mouth turning up at the corner. “Interested in apprehending some more?”
And, more to the point, what had they had been doing in the West wing? With Lestrade and Robert out, and the maids in their bedrooms changing - Moriarty had control of the entire place with everyone else gone. But what was the meeting about?
! She was the blunt instrument, who thought she was the brains.”
“You didn’t the ring the house telephone,” Moriarty commented, his tone that of obliging servant Jim, always looking to please. “Robert isn’t as good at handling these things. You should feel free to contact me on the house line.”
“Oh my, is this him?” the blonde woman asked, standing immediately to cross the room to shake his hand.
“You don’t get it yet, do you? When a spider asks you to return a favour,” she whispered, trailing one finger lightly up the line of his neck to his hairline and back down once more, “- you don’t ask questions.”
He entered the room slowly, hoping to ease his way into John’s hiding place. John was sitting in his chair with Gladstone at his feet. There was a newspaper on the arm of the chair, but John was not reading it.
Sherlock laughed. “Oh, I think we can do better than a brick through the window.”
John cleared his throat again. “Good thinking that,” he said. “Don’t want to be in the middle of it and get jostled. Are you still sure you want to do this?”
> OK. Bye, then.
John confirmed.
He slammed the door behind him as hard as he could. God, how he hated that man!
“Yes,” Sherlock said, his voice hardly louder than an exhaled breath. “You have surpassed them, in every way.”
Sherlock lets them into the house and shuts and relocks the door, as per John’s suggestions, quickly and quietly.
Moriarty had slipped away the previous afternoon while their guests had been seen to the door - out of sight, out of mind - but Sherlock would not make the mistake of forgetting Moriarty again. The inquest, the blackmail, and now the visit to the Doctor, these were all small hurdles. He kept losing track of Moriarty’s position while the other man was still in the background, playing a different game altogether.
“Mum read us loads of things.”
He must have been spotted, for the person standing there suddenly drew away from the window. However, there was another figure behind them, and their arm reached forward to close the shutters.
“I don’t remember the exact calibre, but it was small,” John responded. He was watching Sherlock, while Sherlock eyed John’s shoulder in consideration.
Moriarty tutted. “Now, now, Sherlock, you know better than that, don’t you?”
“Yeah, I’m great at licking stamps.”
John’s thin lips turned up at the corners, and his nose lifted on one side. “Now that you’ve done that, do you think you could get out of my house?”
> Best of luck :-)
“Mr Moriarty believes Robert has stolen a valuable ornament from the morning-room. Robert is in charge of bringing fresh flowers to the morning-room, and placing the vases. Mr Moriarty went in this morning after the flowers had been done, and noticed one of the ornaments was missing. It was there yesterday, and Mr Moriarty, as you know, is fastidious about this sort of thing. He has accused Robert of either taking the ornament, or that he has broken it and is now lying about it. Robert denied both accusations most emphatically, and came to me nearly in tears, sir. You may have noticed he was not himself at lunch.”
and the man began to sign what John was well aware meant
“Shouldn’t you introduce me? Bring my name in on a card? Oh, the English and their manners,” Magnussen said, sitting down on the divan behind him. “It’s the usual thing to do, isn't it? To pay one's respects to a bridegroom?”
“No, John,” he said, feeling himself blushing slightly. He wouldn’t admit it, but he was gratified by John’s doting. “Everything is how I would like it.”
Their embrace was to be cut short, disturbed by the ringing of the telephone in the small room attached to the library. John pulled away with a lingering touch to Sherlock’s jaw to answer it, leaving the door ajar.
Anderson looked at John, and then Sherlock, and back to David. “I’ve not seen anything like that.”
“What are you thinking?” John asked. “You’ve got that look. How are the unsolved ones connected?”
“You were always so distant,” John said, his brows knit together. “You were so independent, finally able to do your work in peace, without Wilkes hanging over you. You were either out in the woods or about the house with Gladstone, and working all night instead of coming to bed - and I
The ocean ran down channel beyond the headland, meaning the wind would have needed to come down suddenly from over the hill to knock a boat over, even if it was a little one. It was possible, he supposed. But then, how was that risk allowed? Did the boat maker not account for the conditions of the area when selling a boat to the Watsons of Manderley?
Sherlock had blinked, and seemed annoyed by not knowing what John had said. Before John could explain, Sherlock had scurried off in a huff, which John had learned was Sherlock’s preferred means of exiting conversations. At the time, John had assumed that would be the end of that discussion.
“What? Yes,” Sherlock said, their eyes still blinking. “Photosynthesize. There. Did I get it right?”
However, when John attempted to get closer to it, there was an invisible force preventing him from approaching.
John paused, hands mid-way through attempting to tell him
—Sorry. But, remind me again, who is the hero?
His hand brushed against the outside of his pocket, and he felt an edge of lace from the handkerchief Lestrade had returned to him. He pulled it out, and found that it wasn’t his at all, but something old and worn from the coat he’d had on. He turned it over to see a monogram in the corner, ‘M.W.’, with the ‘M’ so large it practically eclipsed the other letter.
“I recall a fire.”
John chuckles. “Oi. I know how that works! I’ll never get any rest.”
“I will,” James said as he stood, “but know this and do not doubt my words: If you do not come with me to London, I will burn the heart out of you.”
Inside his mind palace he tried to calm himself and sort out what to tell John, and to determine what James was doing here.
“I thought you’d be proud how I captured your voice in your purple prose style,” Sherlock pouts.
that dress.
“You took four years of my life.”
“Anyone who could make it through my defenses was an advisory most formidable. Under usual circumstances, I knew I could take them, but not with heat approaching.”
“Hello,” she smiled.
. I've included a link about to Wiki, but I was actually around during that time in Michigan and stuck in my apartment for a week with my new father in law. We got 40 inches of snow in less than 24 hours and had wind chills below -60 F. The drifts covered one story houses, and in the ten story apartment building I was living at the time, we couldn't get out the front doors where it had drifted.
John takes one swig, then two. He takes a breath, then downs the rest of the bottle. "Happy? You owe me one hell of a lot of an explanation—none of which could possibly excuse what you've done." He wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. "Kidnapping me, making me leave my bride at the altar, sticking me on some deserted island, then spying on me."
Finished with his box project, Sherlock nodded for me to come nearer again. I inched closer. When I was at arms length, he reached out and pulled me to his chest, wrapping his Belstaff around me with him still inside.
The man's distinctive voice is inescapably familiar yet his name eludes me. His vernacular is obviously American southwestern—the twang is inescapable, but it's also coupled with a gruffness from a chronic inflammation of the larynx.
Standing there, I recalled how John had made me promise to invite a stranger in for coffee if he should die. It must have been a premonition on his part.
Yikes, we're mean, leaving you hanging like this (gives evil laugh).
“She said she was tired of being the wife of Doctor John Watson. If that were true, she would have picked someone obscure, a nobody! But she didn’t. And why not?
“I did not think that possible,” Mycroft says.
Sherlock almost interrupted and asked why he stuck around so long listening, but decided he didn't fancy another black eye.
Sherlock begins to wash the breakfast dishes as John settles in and turns on his mobile.
“You know I can’t do that! I need someone to play the game with me. Every boy does need some sort of toy. If you don’t want to, I can find another.” James pressed his finger to his lips. “Let me see, who shall it be? I spy with my little eye something compact.”
“Anthea told me Sherlock was injured.”
“I am sorry,” he whispers. “So sorry. I will never blame you again.”
I bowed my head, knelt over his grave, and wished aloud, “Please, John, don’t be dead.”
"No. I didn't read that one until I was older. Mummy said it was too disturbing."
"The veins on your forehead are throbbing, and you grimaced at master baker Marianna Vaki's suggestions for the cake," Sherlock insisted. "Go to the corner Starbuck's for coffee while I assist Mary at her dress fitting."
Sherlock knew he should demand a new roommate. Have Mycroft write a check and he could do it. There was risk, but then, there was also danger.
“Does he always do this when you have dates?” she asked.
“Couldn’t we have had this meeting at our flat?” John asks.
The note remains on the coffee table. All three of us stare at it there—even Markham tries to scramble out the chair to see. I don’t need to pick it up. I recite the words aloud with no inflection or hesitation:
"I hardly think that having seen you swimming naked was a problem since I carried you that way from where you fell in the sand." He frowns. "I said drink."
As he is having this imaginary conversation, Will turns to look out over the water and is perturbed to see half of the sky is nearly black and full of stars, as if it was deep night without a moon. On the beach, the sun shines overhead, but just offshore the waves disappear into shadow. From the dark, he hears a deep, creaking groan. There's a shadow blotting out some of the stars, and Will sees the outline of a huge square-rigged sailing ship slowly moving towards the shore. He can see it more clearly now, and when he hears the groan again he sees it's under some sort of stress, listing to one side, and seems to be drifting rudderless and with nobody steering it. There's no obvious threat from the looming ship and yet Will is terrified, heart racing as he watches.
She takes a mobile from her jacket and plays a recording for him. It's Sherlock, his face filling the screen.
Sherlock knew that Moriarty meticulously profiled every possible conquest's psychological state. He was one. As Mycroft implied, James sensed Moran's homosexual proclivities, but he also noted homicidal tendencies. For James to enlist the man, Moran must have had both.
the name when she said it.
John nods. "Perfect. Brilliant. Anytime you want to do that again, I'm up for it.”
But Greg doesn’t know that. Sherlock crosses his arm, stares down Greg, then Sherlock raises an eyebrow and smirks like the cat that ate the canary. Does he actually think that Greg has interest in John? That Sherlock needs to mark his territory?
“My blog?” John blushes to the tips of his ears.
There's a bedroom of sorts in one of the cabins. Someone thought enough to pack some pants, shorts, shirts, and swim trunks in the locker beneath one of the berths. He finds a couple of hats to keep off the sun.
"What's the skinny on him?" she asked.
, what have you
“Good morning, John,” his voice rumbles as he hands him the steaming coffee.
I believed.
John shakes his head and speaks to Mycroft. “Eurus fooled you once before, why not again?”
John looks on, dumbfounded. “What? But that’s not possible. Unless. You?! Why?!”
"We aren't. Not until Mycroft lets us know it's safe to leave."
“Even St. Monica, the patron saint of patience, would cuss at you! And devil himself forgiven! Just sign on the line where the X is, and we can be rid of you,” she says.
' is the title of a song you know," John says.
“A gentleman!” she said, standing. “It’s not necessary. I know Karate. I have a brown belt. But I would like the company.”
Nothing has changed. My younger brother is gone, and my older brother hates me for what I’ve done.
“Look what a mess you’ve made,” Sherlock complains, placing his ice-cream-covered hands on John's hips. “I guess it's down to me to clean you up.”
He helps John with the crates. The attic is a tight space for the two them with all the stacked boxes still storing old clothes and Christmas ornaments. William never moved them. John opens a few, wanders around and stops.
“There’s nothing to be afraid of. Death isn’t the end.”
And she shut the door.
The man just had a seizure hours ago, and instead of being his caring doctor, John is thinking of what it would be like to pin Sherlock’s arms down on that patchwork mattress and fuck him into it.
They sat on it, a foot apart. James poured Cognac from a lead crystal decanter.
Sherlock felt like he was about to vomit. Better no one was here when John returned if this was the choice. Sherlock put on his coat. There had to be a way out of this.
Will stops the thought, feeling the heat low in his stomach and realizing he is not unaffected by this train of thought. So does he want to seduce John Watson?
“John, don’t think that way.”
Mrs. Hudson is still standing in her door waiting for him to come down.
“Do be a dear. Sherlock said you need to bring a few things with you. I have a list.” She handed it to John.
“I’ll watch these two, Seb. Untie our two friends and go out and shoot whatever or whoever is knocking on the walls.”
“Just happened. The ransom note was written by the missing girl.”
There were also two newspapers on the desk that hadn't been there this morning. Sherlock stepped closer. One of the papers was folded in half and the headline facing up revealed the answer for John's recalcitrance.
Greg walks over to Anderson. John sees that Mycroft has Sherlock’s complete attention.
John awkwardly stepped back away from their grasp. Sherlock Holmes might be a lot of things, but he would never strap a bomb to his chest, would he? Sherlock did this? What kind of man straps a bomb to someone’s chest? Although the bomb weighed surprisingly little, John leaned back against the lockers.
“You’re doing fine. You’re opening like a flower. If you want to grind down on my hand, go right ahead. Keep working your cock. You look so incredible. I love you.”
“What the hell else was I meant to do with her?”
“And not just poisoned once,” he continued, voice growing stronger, “but many times, enough that Mary would have known no antidote could help her. Without the body I have no way of knowing for sure, but I suspect thallium. Odourless, colourless, tasteless - could be administered to her over time without her noticing, and it can be detected in urine. If the build up had been enough, there could have been more than enough thallium in her pregnancy test sample to kill a rabbit.”
> Well, if you need someone who isn’t you. For external sensory input, as it were.
Sherlock paused in his work, just as he was about to begin on the next piece. John had never so casually discussed Manderley, or Mary, or any of it -- or at least, not since they’d left that life.
John’s face, when he had seen it briefly, was ashamed. John was embarrassed.  Meaning, he would now not want to address what had just happened.
“Yes, really. Now will you tell me the name of the person after you?” John asked, teasingly, belying the seriousness of the question.
This had not occurred to him until this moment – he had thought merely that John had his own room under renovation. “Then, this was not his bedroom originally?”
He adjusted himself in his pants before standing, and turned as soon as he was up, intending to leave before he made a real fool of himself.
John pressed his lips against his own gently, in the same way that he spoke. It was like the kiss to his scalp, but much warmer, much softer, and he had to reach out and grip John’s arms in return to keep from slipping to the ground. John’s lips were still against his own while his heart beat frantically in his chest.
John was right to feel relief, seeing as Murray had just saved him. John, he mused, had in fact been right all along. Mary had lied to him about being pregnant. John thought they’d finally won, and Sherlock wished he could feel the same.
“Sherlock!”
The flap of his fall front fell open, and without further ado, John’s hand snuck in. Sherlock moaned aloud, clasping a hand over his mouth, head knocking back against the wood of the door. John’s other arm grasped him around the waist.
The mystery was however solved when he had found Sherlock pressed against the glass of one of the few windows on the ship.
“Is it?” Sherlock continued to toy with his food, pushing a single noodle to and fro on his plate. “You don’t think Mrs Wilson would be better off without someone who has no appreciation for her pottery figurines?”
“No,” said the ball of sheets on the sofa. The only indication of it being Sherlock was the black tuft of hair, just visible over the top of the off-white bundle. “I will not,
the man replied. His hand escalated at the end with a flourish, while mouthing the word ‘adult’ to make it seem particularly unsavoury.
“Why didn’t you tell me this before?” John asked, voice hushed.
“You,” Sherlock said, sitting up on the sofa. It was spoken so quietly, that John could only assume he had misheard.
“Oh my God,” John said in dawning horror, rushing back out of the control room and breaking into an awkward sprint through the charging bay.
“No,” he said, bristling – he wasn’t an idiot. He knew what event she was referring to now.
“Take care with your phrasing dear, your misuse of labels has hurt him in the past,” she responds, sipping her tea. She is really beginning to seem like a Mrs Hudson impersonation. And what the hell did that mean?
John’s anger was mounting and Sherlock needed to it all to stop.
“An ‘M’ I suppose,” John confirmed, and then seemed to realize the same thing Sherlock had. “An ‘M’, perhaps - ?”
“And thank heavens for that.”
A log in the fire popped as it burned, while John’s silence stretched on.
“I’ve asked you.”
“Oh. On the contrary John, that was extremely informative,” Sherlock said, sitting higher up in their seat, and curling their legs further underneath them. “Turn it back on. I want another.”
John’s computer pinged as if SH had been waiting for the excuse to answer all day.
He should have known Magnussen would not be getting his hands dirty, seeing as he normally traveled with an entourage of guards in London, and likely regretted not bringing them when he had visited the day before. Now he was done sticking his neck out for blackmail that wouldn’t pay off. He wondered how much David had wasted on such a thing. If David was easily bent, they could win against him in the eyes of the Colonel.
John took to carrying the last novel in his front left-breast pocket. It was small enough to fit, and easy enough to slip out on brief breaks to reread the used, dog-eared pages.
There was a deep hum that seemed to originate somewhere in the vicinity of Sherlock’s chest, and John could feel it wherever they touched (everywhere), and he was just managing to take one more breath after another. It’s his first time, John thought, though he didn’t know which one of them he was referring to. Breath in and out, John thought, as he pushed in, and in.
Sherlock, feeling brave, moves down the car as nonchalantly as possible. He passes the standing object of his attention with care.
Not alone, surely?
“You mean…? He was in love with Dr Davenshaw?”
“Do you
“But then, well, it was you! When you came into the morning room before lunch, well, you could have knocked me down with a feather."
“Oh don’t worry about that. After he attacked you, he used an animal tranquilizer on me that he’d stolen from the fridge. Remember our Dr Davenshaw and her unusual pet owner habits? I was out for most of the day and only came to a bit before you arrived on the scene. I pretended to still be out when in the space with him, of course.”
“Goodness, no,” she said. “I prefer Mrs Hudson. And while I do sell spells and enchantments, it’s nothing like what Sherlock gets up to. I owned an old shop in Kingsbury, and Sherlock wanted it for one of his fronts. So, now I’m his landlady.”
John exhaled, his face still contorted with misery. Sherlock kissed the corner of John’s eye, to smooth the wrinkles there.
With signals that mixed, John returned to his bedsit more confused than on his first day of med school. Opening his laptop, John typed into the search bar, “How to tell if someone’s been flirting with you for a week. Also, how to tell if someone just took you on a date. Except for the part where they don’t think romantic partners are good for people.”
“A living scarecrow,” John said. “Yeah. Of course it is. Why not.”
Before John’s fury with him could mount, Sherlock surrendered. “I’m sorry, you’re right, you are.”
John exhaled hard through his nose, wondering if that would be the end of the messages. John supposed he could only keep Sherlock interested in the impossibility of him knowing about the case for so long. It was, in a way, a cheap trick. Sherlock was more interested in people being truly clever.
He made his way to the room, eager to see if he could deduce the nature of Moriarty’s
“I’m glad to hear it Mr Watson. The builder of your boat has said there are three holes in your boat that have no explanation, and that the seacocks had been left open. Do you have cause to doubt the builder’s testimony?”
Sherlock clapped his hands together in front of him. “That settles it then!”
John asked, just as the man was pulling the sheet back down his legs, and higher over his abdomen.
Flinging himself onto the light fixture and hanging on by his feet, Sherlock watched the top of John’s head upside down through the crack between the shower curtain and the rail. His hair was spiked from running his hands through it while wet, and John’s humming was growing louder. He might start to sing at any moment.
The look John received was the definition of mixed signals. Sherlock’s eyes were wide, almost afraid, appearing more like a deer caught in headlights than someone being seduced. But his head nodded in affirmation, and then again, for John to continue.
When he opened his eyes, he averted them from John’s face as soon as he’d seen it, choosing to look down at his hands in his lap.
His lack of understanding must have shown on his face, as Watson clarified. “There are ladies in our party, and Mr Stamford expects us men to dance with them this evening. A well-dressed entrance will do wonders for your dance card.”
So they stood at the side of the crime scene, till their laughter died down.
“I got through to Museum, and the night porter answered. The place is used as a doctor's consulting rooms. Murray isn’t in practice any more, but the porter gave me information on where to find him in London.”
John laughs behind the back of his hand. Ambitious of you.
John’s voice was very gentle. Soothing, admittedly. However, Sherlock resented being talked to like a wild animal in need of coddling. It was condescending. Sherlock flapped a second time to communicate his displeasure; he could not be pacified so easily.
> Right, I was less reserved. So much so that I embarrassed you.
“You’re a saint, Hudders.” After another kiss to her cheek, Sherlock twirled towards John.
Sherlock’s erection had waned during his earlier anxiousness, but now made such a fast reappearance that he was almost made dizzy. The image of John’s fist connecting soundly with Magnussen’s face and the noise of cartilage crunching was still fresh in his memory. He planned to save that particular seven seconds forever, and hoped he would always remember it exactly as it was.
“I already know what I’m going to say,” John responded, immediately defensive.
> But you used to?
I’m getting to that.
“Your limp is not a physical issue, but a problem of the mind. I’ve observed that sometimes it is almost like you don’t remember the disability,” he said, wishing he’d been able to state it earlier when it would have seemed less obvious, more ‘brilliant’ of him to notice.
“That we didn’t end up shagging in front of the ghost.”
“It must have taken a lot of organization,” he commented. “I suppose, Mary did most of it?”
John breathed in once, deeply. He was going to do it. He was going to text Sherlock Holmes.
“John,” he interrupted, “I cannot emphasize the insignificance of my brother enough.”
“My brother cut me off because of it,” Sherlock explained, still kneeling between John’s legs, convenient for asking forgiveness. “Which put me at his disposal. Before you ask, I’m clean now, entirely. Aside from the indulgence of the occasional cigarette.”
A hard tug on his right arm, and a sudden weightlessness to his body, and John floated up from the ground. When the dark blobs launched up after them, the walls of the alleyway began to close inward on all sides.
No, John had not said anything about being in love. Just that they needed to be married. Short and definite, very original. Original proposals were much better surely. More genuine. John was of course fond of him after they’d spent so much time together, and it was all new, and exciting. John wanted a blank slate, a way to forget the past. John needed new memories, and he would give them to him.
- that was all
“Because Angelo called earlier asking if I’d forgotten a cane outside the restaurant. He thought maybe it was one of my props. The length he described fits your height exactly.”
John looked down at the dog panting next to him. “I’m not bringing you, traitor. And I’m
He was now tired, fed up, and sour, and wouldn’t have been able conceal it for another second longer even if he had wanted to.
“You can’t promise that,” John whispered, and his whole face crumpled, folding in.
Sherlock’s eyes shuttered closed.
“I’m Mr Watson now, and if I choose to speak with Robert about meals, I believe that’s what I’ll do.”
Sherlock wants to know whether the man would need his cane when put into a high adrenaline situation. He’d also like to know what the exact colour of his hair is - blond, brown, grey? It’s hard to make out based solely on the reflection in the glass. His eyelashes seem very light.
. Because John would
John did not seem to understand that this was intended to be the end of the conversation. He had meant to say goodbye, and John was meant to smile at him and maybe clap his back with one hand, and then send him on his way –  and he would remember John forever just as he was in this moment.  This was proving difficult, especially if John was going to insist on continuing as if none of this was happening.
“They’ve turned themselves into monsters for the war effort,” Sherlock explained. “Well, when I say ‘war effort.’’’
This was a contingency he had not prepared for.
There was no sign of the dark figures that had chased them; John couldn’t believe he hadn’t recognized them at once. Perhaps he hadn’t expected to see them in Market Chipping—they were more common on the battlefield.
It was later, or earlier, than he had realized. The musicians had turned the lights off in the gallery when they left, but the approaching morning outside lit the room enough for him to see by. Soon it would be fully light out.
They were ushered into the house, and even Harry’s dedication to drinking in the drawing room at 5 o’clock couldn’t dampen his nor John’s spirits.
John hadn’t meant to, but once he got started it was hard to not go with the flow. The hand that had been around his drink was now –
As John navigated the streets of Kingsbury, his resentment of Sherlock and his disguises only grew. He had an old man’s legs, which made the trip much more tiring than it would have been otherwise.
> Oh, and how old am I?
“All in good time,” Irene said, “but first, I think I’ll have a nice, long bath.”
He climbed the stairs to the house with Gladstone close at his heels, and immediately began to search for the usual signs of a visitor once in the entranceway. But there was no card on the salver, or hat hanging on the hook. His suspicions were confirmed - this was no usual guest.
“Well, that’s something - I think,” John said, and he was smiling, and somehow lighter. A weight had been lifted.
“I think I’ll make a stop off in that lovely valley on my way out,” Magnussen concluded, before finally putting the car into drive. As he watched the monstrous car drive over the fallen rhododendrons, he felt certain he had not successfully concealed his look of disgust.
Sure, John says. That too.
“I did tell you I put product in my hair,” John said, rubbing his forehead with his thumb. “Mind you, I don’t have the expensive pants, or whatever. What were the other signs?”
“You bribe them with a contract,” the Wizard explained. “Usually by offering them something a human has that the demon does not. This allows the wizard’s magic to increase in power, but makes them reliant on the demon.”
John added it to the list of touchy subjects. He had meant to smooth things over between them, not pry into Sherlock’s life, but somehow his curiosity had gotten the better of him.
“Pain,” John answered simply. “In the place where it hit me.”
“I find a little of my family goes a very long way,” John said. His tone was casual, but his side glances were meaningful. “Harry always sticks her nose where it doesn't belong.”
“What will the servants think?” Sherlock murmured, lips twitching at the corners, despite the ridiculousness of what he knew John was suggesting.
“You, John,” Sherlock pushed out the rest of the sentence between gritted teeth while pushing themselves from the sofa, and turning on John with a ferocity that made him take a step back. The skin across Sherlock’s cheeks was flushed violet, and their teeth shone white against the dark pigment.
In the face of Sherlock’s complete and utter certainty, John grew bolder. His senses faded to simply touch; his blunt nose drifted across Sherlock’s clavicle, his lips pursed in nigh on constant kisses, and his hands reapplied their lubricant to ease the way. This time, John gripped Sherlock by the hips, and flipped him over himself. The ensuing gasp, pressed into the sheets, was encouragement enough. This time, John was brave enough to administer a tap to one cheek, and then, to the other. Each hit was soft and playful, not intended to hurt. Beneath the skin, blood rushed up to meet him, and Sherlock sighed into the bed.
He discerns The Man’s hair is both blond and grey, and his eyes, which are difficult to see at a distance, are a very dark blue. As previously noted his eyelashes are light, blond, somehow appealing. His lips are thin and he has a regular habit of licking them.
Sherlock couldn’t look at John. He stared only at the builder, watching the man who held their future happiness in life in his hands. They were doomed, and all for a boating business in Kerrith.
With the grate firmly beneath his feet again, the man promptly made a dash for it. John watched him escape, thankfully without comment – though this was to be short-lived.
John stopped off in the living area, pausing to grab one item, and returned out through the back of the ship. He crossed over to the charging bay once more, reaching its outside control panel, and began adjusting the settings. If he was currently outnumbered, he wouldn’t be in a moment.
They’d had a nasty run in with some of London’s finest, and were now a bit stuck. Trapped, really. The details weren’t important. And it hadn’t been his fault, to be clear.
“Perhaps, Mr Watson was not aware of the object’s value?” Moriarty asked, speaking of him as if he was not present, while still staring directly at him.
John’s face crumpled before his eyes, that simmering tension seeping from him, only to be replaced with the soft sadness from before. “Too late? I thought you said the game was never over.”
“Of course I’m happy. Isn’t it obvious? Doesn’t everyone always tell you what a wreck I used to be? But I’m not the one who really matters. I’d hate it if you were to go away, but I won’t — I wouldn’t stop you. I would never keep you here,” John said, with those round, blue eyes focused intently on his face. If not for the honesty he heard in every word, he would have wondered if it was even possible for someone to get so many ridiculous ideas in their head.
“What a slap in the eye I must be to them then,” he said, finally turning to face John in defiance.
“I brought two kinds,” John started. “The plain ones, in case you were serious, and the chocolate-sided ones, in case I was right.” John demonstrated which biscuit pack he was referring to by lifting them with his arms respectively, his torso like a tipping scale.
Likes a bit of name calling then, John thinks. A bit of dirty talk. Now we’re getting somewhere.
“Yeah, I guess I knew that already.”
David’s face turned an alarming shade of beet red. “Now, you listen here, whatever Watson has offered you - ”
“Oh?” Sherlock murmured, barely audible, looking down at him now in nearly constant wonder. “What else?”
John nodded, taking that as his cue to leave.
Especially when things got more interesting in the afternoon. After completing a few of the easier spells for the customers, which Sherlock seemed to be able to do with his eyes closed, he began drawing chalk outlines on the table. “Practicing,” Sherlock said as way of explanation, while peering down at a scroll, which he was copying shapes from.
> How do you do that?
John always did have the most amusing expressions. Right now, he looked rather like a gaping fish left out of water.
He shook hands, living the torture of the formal half-hour of social niceties expected of these house calls. It was somehow impossibly worse than he had predicted. Not only because he was bored stiff (and so was John, even if the man wouldn’t admit it), but also due to his newfound fear that their guests would trigger John’s darker contemplations.
“Yes, it is in fact raining,” he replied, intending to be dismissive. “Gladstone, come here.”
Captain Watson was well-versed in the standards of social decorum, though his interactions remained civil and superficial. It was clear that he and Stamford were old acquaintances, but did not share a close intimacy. He could see Watson was not open or familiar with many, but could make himself appear otherwise when he put his mind to it. Despite there being handsomer and taller men in the room, he charmed the ladies present effortlessly. Captain Watson was quick with socially acceptable witticisms, rather than his own acerbic ones, and was smooth and courteous. He didn’t pick favourites amongst the ladies, and even rushed to assist Mrs Stamford when her hand had shook and almost spilled her refreshment. He was the picture of gentility, and Sherlock rather wished the women would stop whispering ‘an officer’ behind their hands.
“No,” Sherlock said, walking further into the small room, “You’d been in here for so long, I was just - checking on you. To see that you hadn’t fallen asleep in the tub. Is that all right?”
But, and perhaps more frustrating for said husband, John was not yet able to allow himself to be touched. He worried about how this reflected on his own ability to provide the distraction John so clearly needed, while also wanting it desperately for his own selfish reasons.
This post is of course followed by the obligatory comments from both Bill Murray (
“To be clear, I didn’t mean to– to leave you without all the information. Just that it’s still difficult for me to discuss...“ she trails off but if John wasn’t out of patience before, he truly is now.
His voice was careless. It had returned to its usual deep pitch, but he still sounded like a child, and must have seemed like one too. But perhaps he had once again misjudged Watson – for as he spoke, Watson’s untroubled expression returned and he ushered him back to the car.
He sat in his chair at the dressing table and stared at the open case. The bedside clock ticked out each passing second. He observed the syringe, as if expecting it to perform an act of mercy itself. He wondered what John would think when he came back to the room to find it here. He wondered what John would think if he came back to the room to find him here after injecting its contents.
Sherlock throws a biscuit in her general direction.
Moriarty offered no parting words, and did not come with them as they exited the house. He was still Jim the dutiful servant, who opened the doors for them, and watched them walk down the stairs.
Sherlock then flapped one hand at the diamond-shaped wheel above the door till it turned counterclockwise, and the arrow pointed to the red segment rather than the green. A chime rang out, and as the windows filled with light, a little boy ran in through the door. Beyond the doorway, John saw a paved city sidewalk, gleaming bright in the sun.
“He was also a frankly awful shuttler,” Sherlock commented, “I went into the ship navigation system. You should see the route he took to get here.”
His eyes slid away from Watson’s. He nodded. He had thought by mentioning the psychosomatic issues first they might be swept under the rug. No such luck apparently.
“I want you,” John said softly. “Like this or, however. I don’t even know how to not want you.”
“Never wanted sex?” John finished. He wondered if this was a very late in coming brush off, and guiltily removed his hands.
He went back to work on the bot, and Sherlock continued to ‘observe’ John in silence. Sherlock’s eyes on John were very intent, but Sherlock didn’t offer to help him, nor grow any new appendages either.
The shore, where John had spent the night, in that little cottage along the cove. He wondered if John had gone out this morning, in a small boat. If the flares were signalling that it was John in need of help.
A 3D printer which John did not remember them having before.
Sherlock wouldn’t have moved it up and down stairs, would he? Seems like a lot of effort, and here it was back in the living room, easily enough. Must have been in Sherlock’s bedroom then.
John nodded with a grave expression, as if that had all made sense. John took the misshapen paper star from Archie’s hand, and inspected it.
They shared a smile, which was soon rudely interrupted by their arrival at the Orient Express. A chinese restaurant, which, in John’s view, was nice enough to border the perilous edge of date venue territory.
John laughed. “Oh.”
“Tell me, did you get any clothes in London or Paris?”
“Harry,” John said with exaggerated pleasantness, “a pleasure to have you as always. And you, Clara.”
Sherlock laughed. With his hand returning to stroke John’s hip, “I could be, if we got on with it.”
But first, he had to find John. The rocket signals. He was done with Moriarty, for now. He brushed past him, as if still in a dream. He offered no further parting words beyond the statement of who he was. He didn’t have time for the petty indulgence of Moriarty’s tricks. He tucked the case into the inner pocket of his suit jacket, planning to deal with it later. He ran down the West corridor, and down the stairs into the main entranceway, stopping only to grab his coat from the hall. He was vaguely aware of servants calling after him, but he couldn’t hear anything beyond the sound of rockets.
John found soon after that his knees really were quite unstable, and the ground looked terribly inviting. He always did get a bit loopy after a spectacular orgasm. As John kneeled down, Sherlock slipped out of his chair in synch, following John down onto the floor. They arranged themselves together on the carpet in short order, ending up lying down, sprawled out in front of the lit fireplace.
“Um,” John said. “What the hell is that?”
“He’s right. He’s been framed,” he said. All eyes turned to him, and Watson’s hold on the boy’s bent forearms loosened considerably.
Once he had exhausted all the observations that could be made of the other hotel guests, Watson would always ask to be made the next target.
, John might have written, had he been more sloshed. People like John, who sought that emotional connection with sex, and struggled to find it.
“Oh, excellent! I guess we’ll just have to see?”
“I'm afraid I should not be much use if we were to have a ball,” he said. “You may have noticed, but I’m not exactly one for social events.”
Stamford obliged him. “Well gentlemen, we’re after a jewelry thief.”
could have been—before his grip on lucidity left him completely.
John’s eyes widened at that, once again surprised.
And then silence. It was odd, that, the stillness. The thought that maybe it could all be over so easily. He and John in Manderley, and Mary in the crypt.
“Who knows, the old woman’s completely barmy – Indian? I’ll order,” Sherlock said, heading for the kitchen.
“You’re a very bad man,” John murmured, intending it to be under his breath. The man still saw his lips move, judging by the smirk around his finger, currently being sucked.
,” John lashed out through clenched teeth, breathing hard, before resuming his explanation.
The cupid — something suddenly occurred to him. Moriarty didn’t seem the type to care about ornaments, not really. Unless he was looking for an excuse to cause grief in the life of a servant. That was possible. But he had a feeling there was more to it than that.
“No, John! Run!” Sherlock managed to shout from beneath the man’s hands, and got zapped at the juncture of neck and shoulder with the electric prod for their trouble. Sherlock cried out once, and stilled.
“What happened, exactly?” John at last asked.
Sherlock’s response was to shuffle back into his bedroom, shutting the door connected to the shared toilet behind him.
> Harry is not my brother.
“That,” John said, watching as the soldiers disappeared around the corner, “was incredible.”
The teetering of the ship continued as it was bombarded by an external force, and Sherlock’s would-be kidnapper was hardly able to hold onto Sherlock with all the excessive movement of the ship, a problem that the bot holding John unfortunately did not have.
“Are you quite finished?” Sherlock asked, pointing towards the door. “Please feel free to leave whenever you’re done.”
“Oh, hello again,” the Witch of Belgravia said in greeting. “I see you’ve aged about forty years since last we spoke.”
Moriarty calmed for a moment, tsking at him.
“Have you ever thought about the future?” Watson asked him. “What this sort of thing will lead to? Supposing Wilkes gets tired of keeping a companion.”
Once there had been others he had wanted to please, in the hopes of this greater goal.  He couldn’t think of Manderley without recalling its inhabitants, and its actual master. A grand estate home is no greater than the sum of its parts. Namely, those in its service. And there was no one more influential to Manderley than the man who had ruled over its machinations like a spider at the center of its web.
“List them out,” Sherlock demanded, “you can use the funny little names you gave them if you must.”
While still shushing him, and with eyes trained on him at all times, John ducked forward and pushed the window up a few more centimeters. When Sherlock didn’t move a muscle, John stepped back and began to slowly extend the broom, bristles first, towards him. Sherlock began flapping his free wing not clinging to the windowsill in earnest, not wanting that thing anywhere near him.
“Name your figure,” the man said, leaning heavier on an umbrella—of all things—in his hand.
John’s expression was, in a word, murderous. “God,” John said, voice low, like a spring wound tight, ready to release. “I swear, if he ever so much as
“And you want to be here John?” Sherlock asked, oddly hesitant once more. “I mean - you want me?” If this was intended to be seductive, it was not how it came across.
With this kind of subtle performance, it was no wonder John had never tried this for himself. The bloke was probably at home eating beans out of the can while faking orgasms for a few pounds a minute.
Perhaps more unusual was the presence of fresh flowers, which were on the dressing table, the bedside table, and the mantel.
> Was that why you were mad at me? You saw my blog post and didn’t like it?
“You weren’t. Boring,” Sherlock rushed to say, stilted, and still flushed.
Please don’t make this weird. The point is, the ram thought it was all over. Until a clever goat arrives.
> Did you make it home all right?
Sherlock had to keep thinking - think, think,
John could see the earnestness in Sherlock’s expression even through the visor of his helmet. He had trusted them this far, hadn’t he?
It wasn’t that her message was presumptuous (though it was), or that he was offended by her offer (which he wasn’t). It was the implication that John, a bloody doctor, needed a guide on how to palpate a prostate. She couldn’t have forgotten that, could she?
Taking advantage of the brief opportunity, one long third arm grew out from Sherlock’s side, ripping through their coveralls, and snaking out over the short space separating them to attach itself to John’s leg. Sherlock’s eyes met his, and this time, John was the one to nod.
. Besides, Lestrade was infinitely preferable to Wilkes, and if he was shadowing him he was rather distant about it. A blessing, really.
The man didn’t need to sign anything else to communicate that he doubted John’s list very much, but simply shrugged his sheet-clad shoulders.
“For John,” Moriarty repeated, “to bring him peace. If he can never love you, not like her, what’s the point of living? Staying alive is just that.... staying. There’s an easy solution.”
“Kingsbury door,” Sherlock called out.
But John was smiling again. Perhaps he could do with more teasing.
In his awkwardness, John fell back on his video relay script.
“The dog and everyone else is fine,” John said, moving him further out across the lawn. “By the time I arrived, Lestrade had done roll call of the staff. Everyone was out already. Except for you, and Moriarty.”
Watson exhaled as if he had been holding his breath, and the tension in his smile receded.  “Very good. Quite the talent. I can’t imagine why Wilkes won’t let you do that at parties.”
“That doesn’t matter Molly, as a matter of fact I’ve already had it.”
For a moment, superimposed over Watson’s face was another’s. It was still Watson, but without a moustache, and dressed in a vibrant blue wool with a collared shirt underneath. His mouth formed angry words, but what Sherlock heard was disconnected from the movement. Unprincipled drug addict. Show-off. Smart arse. Always getting his way.
“He can dine with me, if you don’t mind,” Watson instructed, and the waiter obeyed with a nod of his head. The natural inclination when met with Watson’s gentle, commanding voice was to oblige, it seemed.
As he heard Lestrade’s steps approaching the library door, Sherlock shooed Gladstone from the room, and went to stand by the window.
John paused in his work to squint up at Sherlock from the charging bay’s floor. “Who said anything about not liking them?”
“I’m not stupid, you know,” John said in a lower voice, but still refusing to back down.
Despite keeping his face turned forward, he could see Lestrade’s head whip towards him. If Lestrade expected to be able to read his expression, the man would be disappointed. He was prepared for his own interrogation, and had no interest in giving an inch.
“You would come into the bathroom by accident, while I was bathing,” he started, pausing to swallow.
“Lestrade is out, sir,” she responded.
Hope you enjoyed..... alla that
Mrs Hudson sighed. “If it’s about the spiders in his bed, believe me I’ve tried. Honestly, Sherlock.”
Fortuitously, and this is truly Sherlock’s lucky day, a lawyer spills his coffee onto the lap of a dental hygienist. The hygienist cries out while the lawyer begins apologizing profusely. While the lawyer is searching for something to help clean the spill, the dental hygienist is huffing in aggravation and a moment away from making a scene. The Man’s head is turned to observe the commotion and Sherlock takes his opportunity to reach down, slide open the pouch, finding flat keys, mobile phone and – yes – an ID badge.
Luckily these henchmen had no interest in an old man and his dog. They lowered the palanquin to the ground, and the gold gilded door on its side swung open.
“I’ve known him for many years. And no, I don’t.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John didn’t respond, walking faster. He wasn’t interested in a fight, or suffering fools.
King of compromise, you are. John sighs, though he hardly means it. He’s not exasperated at all. He likes to accommodate him. Well, here it goes. Once upon a time, there were two strays—
“I’ve got good news for you then,” John said, reaching for the instrument he’d stashed in his other back pocket. “How does taking the scouter out to gather some data sound?”
“You couldn’t have just said so?”
“He’s waiting for you,” she repeats, pouring tea for herself.
?” John’s arms were outstretched above his head, as if he expected Sherlock to fly straight at him. Rude. Sherlock continued his circles overhead with more vigour, annoyed.
> Of course you are. Well, good luck with your guide work. Good night.
“But as of right now, I’m at the end of my rope. What’s the bloody number?”
“If you ever change your mind, or wish for anything, my number is on the table in front of you,” Moriarty responded, calmly, as if he wasn’t acting like a bumbling idiot.
“I might have, under other circumstances,” Sherlock replied. “But, we’ve examined all the other possibilities. When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.”
John scoffed. “Who’s been looking you up and down? I’d be happy to pay them a visit.”
Sherlock paused, before eventually knocking softly at the door.
He jumped slightly when the silence of the room was disrupted by the shrill ringing of the telephone on the desk in front of him. “Shut up!” he snapped, before realizing he should probably answer it.
“Did John mind her going off alone like that?” he wondered. He wasn’t sure he had really intended to ask it aloud.
> So sorry. And if I answer this, you’ll answer my question? It’s only fair.
> My interest hasn’t waned since yesterday. I take it the criminal classes have changed their minds about boring you?
John nods his head slightly once.
John felt like a third wheel, an outsider to a conversation being had over his head. Mrs Hudson watched on anxiously, and the dog at John’s feet began to whine.
And, as suspected, so were the people aboard. There were life boats already in the water, and someone yelling unintelligibly through a megaphone. He looked up to see that a crowd had formed along the top of the cliffs, which were open to the public. He heard the sound of another motor boat, and saw uniforms, indicating the harbour-master. The situation was well in hand.
“You’re saying the boat didn’t capsize at all,” the Coroner said, stating the man’s conclusion slowly as if to give him time to retract it. “That it was, in fact, deliberate.”
“I don’t know John, what did you tell her?” he asked, shorter than he had intended. He had wanted this to be them together like before - he’d have to resist instigating an argument.
Did John hate himself for his issues of the mind, or for what he had done? Was it weighing on him, even now, no matter how he tried to forget? The guilt of replacing an old love with someone new, bringing that replacement into their home, and their old haunts.
“Huh?” Moriarty asked, purposefully leaving his mouth hanging open, while easing a matchbox from the front pocket of his suit jacket.
And perhaps also John Watson’s ever present attraction to the dangerous and exciting – an elopement was the exact sort of reckless thing that got the other man’s blood pumping. John was still teetering on the edge of that cliff, but instead of choosing to follow Mary into the sea, John was staying afloat by hanging onto him like a buoy.
“Fine, allow me to make it very clear that I see you as more than a friend,” John said, with a sly smile. Despite the boldness of the statement, John’s hands were slow as they began to untie the front of Sherlock’s dressing gown, waiting and watching for any signal to stop. When John received none, he pulled the silk fabric off Sherlock’s shoulders and down his arms, with Sherlock more than happy to assist him. Once the gown was disposed of, Sherlock slid his legs up onto the bed, and leaned back against John’s pillow, lightly tugging John along with him.
John didn’t quite know what to do with it. Now that he had unearthed it, it was apparent the stick was far too tall for him to lean on. He let it drop back into its bush, and continued on his way back to the path.
John cleared his throat. “That’s a rather disparaging view of relationships,” he recovered, making a show of blowing on his dumpling to cool it.
“It was a boat-house originally,” Lestrade responded, his words weighed before he spoke them, and his pacing that of someone who was uncomfortable with the current subject. “She converted it then, like the way you saw it. Had furniture put in.”
It would have been hard for John not to notice, seeing as the man didn’t appear to be wearing any clothes besides a white bedsheet.
who had been alone, it was
“Do we?” John replied, trailing his hand up Sherlock’s leg.
“What proof? I’m sure I’d love to see it,” John replied, laughing slightly, anger clear in his humour.
“And that you and I are?” John motioned between the two of them.
“I found your present,” he said without emotion, breaking the silence of the room, and holding out the morocco case. He walked as far as the dressing table, pausing at the chair with the dressing gown thrown over its back. “Lovely costume idea too, by the way.”
Instead Sherlock hears himself say “I think I’m in love with you.”
he signed, lazily, fingers slow.
“Then, we’ll start talking about it,” John concluded, as Sherlock secured the bandaging. “If we want. You can say it any time you want. You can say her name over and over again if you like.”
“Tell me if I’m crazy, Sherlock,” John said, summoning another act of bravery far more difficult than running into a poacher’s ship with a gun. “But we - ” John broke off.
“Will you check what that is already?” the poacher shouted, and the in-ship bot finally rolled to the shuttle’s entrance before detaching from the ship’s ceiling track, and began to roll down the hatch’s ramp on its caterpillar tracks.
John smiled grimly. “I am willing to do whatever you suggest. Should I drive to this address, and wire ahead to let Murray know I’m coming?”
But then, they’d eaten together on multiple occasions. In the very public hotel dining room. Some of the people at the party might have seen them together before, and could very well mention it to Wilkes. God, how could he have been so
“Oh,” he said, relieved. “You mean my brother.”
“I’m not a stalker,” John attempted to protest. He searched for any feasible explanation that didn’t make him sound exactly that, but came up short. “Would you believe me if i said that I just happened to be in the neighbourhood?”
He blinked and a single tear escaped, running down his cheek and staining the torn paper in his hands. Watson’s sternness immediately melted away.
As he walked on to the morning room, he couldn’t help but glance back over his shoulder. Moriarty was still standing at the head of the stairs, ever watchful.
Pleased with herself, the Witch walked over, and stood on the tops of his feet. And, with a mouthful of dog hair, John held her by the arms, and took a step.
John hadn’t realised he’d been speaking anything out loud, which prompted him to twist in his chair to look around the office. Luckily, it was just him. Even Molly had taken off.
The train comes to a complete and jarring stop and the man limps out of the train, now relying heavily on the cane. Sherlock’s ride immediately returns to its former oppressive boredom, but at least his thoughts can continue spinning around the oddly intriguing man.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I couldn’t help myself in the end,” John murmured, accepting his kisses with a pained restraint. “I thought if I could at least make you happy, give you a certain amount of freedom… but all I did was trap you with me -”
The letter in question was a message from a woman in Florida, whom Mike Stamford had met during his Palm Beach vacation. Stamford, the delightful man, had advertised his newly made acquaintance’s skill at puzzling out mysteries to the dame. She had written to ask for his aid with respect to her husband, as she didn’t quite know where else to turn, and was looking for a creative problem solver with an interest in crime. The problem itself was asinine - drug cartel, possible double homicide, etc. - but he had never been more glad for a case. Respite from his boredom could not have come too soon.
It was late, but he couldn’t sleep. He frowned.
John would say. But following the hodge-podge of back country roads, it was over three times the distance.
-----------
I spun around and shoved the long sheets of ghostly plastic aside to pound on the freezer door. "Oi! Open the door!"
“John, no. I know that wasn’t you. It was Eurus. I explained it to you.”
"Who?"
In a blink, Sherlock rolled out of the bed, rubbing the back of his head. His shins rested against the mattress to keep his balance.
With a smirk, Mycroft intentionally takes Sherlock’s seat at breakfast. Sherlock cinches his dressing gown tighter in frustration and pulls one of the two extra chairs against the wall to the table.
“Come with me or he’ll end up like Victor. You remember?”
"Do you mind telling me what that was all about?" John asked.
“I am assessing your condition. You’ve sustained severe head trauma. Where do you live?” John asks.
How long will it take John and Mycroft to get here? I may have to do this myself. I can almost get my hands through the rope. All I need to do is get the Glock from Norbury. Shouldn’t be too difficult.
“I’m not certain. I found four yesterday. They had to have been planted after I was with Ms. Kradites since I would have noticed them earlier. I always check.”
“I’ve thought a lot about this,” Sherlock says, “and I deduced that you are what I need. I want you.”
“Of course they’re good,” Sherlock says, “John made them!” This brother of his is infuriating. “Insulting John is not permitted,” Sherlock adds. “Only I may do that.”
Of course he didn't give his name or such pleasantries as introductions. John recalled how Sherlock told him that Mycroft assumed everyone knew his importance.
"What happened between the two of you?" he asked between bites.
“Effective way to incapacitate an opponent. Along with your intelligence and alchemy skills, even when in the throes of heat, it’s hard to envision anyone getting the drop on you.”
. That same young man, his back to him, his whole body tensed up like he was doing something illegal.
“Hello?” he said. “Watson residence. John Watson speaking.”
Hours later Sherlock bolts up and shakes drowsy John awake.
“Transporting them that far would not be wise,” Sherlocks says and immediately stomps off to speak to his brother. John can’t hear or see the discussion, but when he returns, Sherlock looks pleased with himself.
“Ms. Kratides, you need to relax,” Thomas says.
From the dock he can see farther up on shore. There's a small bungalow on some higher ground too not far from his ketch. He knows rot all about sailing, but he knows enough to recognise that the outboard hanging on the taffrail has been disabled. He also reads the name of the boat from a life ring mounted next to it:
He turns to Sherlock. “If you should remember anything essential to Pandora, you may reach me through Anthea.”
Sherlock sighed.
He knew he wanted John Watson again. But at what cost? Could he remain detached if they were to fuck again?
“No, I wasn’t.” He smiles at Sherlock, and takes his finger and traces his jawline. Sherlock’s amazed at how such endearing actions come natural to John. He hopes he can do the same. John shakes his head as he repeats himself. “I was one fucked up man.  After my family died, I’d wake up every morning and wish I was dead along with them, and I prayed for Pandora to take me. I only got out of bed because I thought some people needed me. I had nothing. When you came into my life, first you were a puzzle I chased. Then you made me hold on. And when I couldn’t hold on any longer, you pulled me up.”
Sherlock motions behind them. “We’re being followed. More than one. Quite possibly just watching our progress. The actions do not appear threatening, so they may be Anthea’s men.”
It was never really in question that the man at the rest area and John Watson were one and the same. His complete inability to convince himself of the opposite made that the only logical conclusion.
“That is a problem. I do need that key.”
John's mind had been set that he'd be the one on the receiving end. Not to be. At least not this time.
Sherlock raises up on to his hands and knees, and folds down onto his elbows. He knows it’s an invitation John can’t ignore. John’s hands trail up the back of Sherlock’s thighs, over what John calls “his plush arse” and gives a gentle squeeze. John sucks in a deep breath, as he eases Sherlock’s cheeks apart. Sherlock moans in anticipation. He’s waiting for John. Waiting. He’s imagined this scene enough.
“Well, he most likely does have freckles and moles all over,” Will says. “Just. Like. Me. Want to see? I have a lovely ones on my buttocks and one right on the end of my...”
“What bloody difference does it make now?” John asks.
He needs more information from Mycroft. The only reason he’s tolerated that man’s aloof and arrogant presence is to understand their shared past.
“Our summer vacations! You so loved them!” Mum says with a sad smile.
I glance back down at the note in my hand. Of course! I see it. John, illuminates what’s hidden once again.
"A man can't live on biscuits alone."
“I don’t like this. We should be there not a hundred miles away. He’s in trouble.”
Sherlock guides him to his cabin and helps him sit down on the bed.
in one hand and picks up the envelope with the other.
But I failed. My conductor of light was gone. No John to guide me.
They reach the door when John spins around and faces Sherlock, their mouths in perfect alignment.
<New Entry>
“She really hates you," John says. "She doesn’t think much of me either.”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, John,” Molly says. “He obviously tried to keep his habit hidden. The scarring isn’t very noticeable. I guess those years as an intern working with addicts made this more obvious to me.”
After she'd left, John asked Sherlock about her.
I feel a twinge inside of my chest. “Maybe because she was fit. She spends a lot of time on it. Do you know her workout routine requires five types of squats each morning?”
“I tried again to use my alchemy and touched the walls, then I pressed my hands together. I envisioned my enemies thrown against the wall and knocked unconscious from lightning bolts I conjured, but nothing happened. Not even a spark. Having failed at that, I rocked back and forth and ticked off the symptoms of hypoxia. I was light-headed, confused, dizzy. I didn’t have much oxygen left, but I wasn’t opening the chamber. The alternative was worse than death. I could hide who I was, not what I was from those after me. Sherlock Holmes the alchemystic had always been an exceptional actor. As him, I could pose as anyone from a retired orthodontist to a homeless man, a paranormal tour guide to a refuse disposal operative. I'd even posed successfully as a member of the Austrian ballet for three months. But then, I could not escape from my scent.”
“Sorry. That was a bit not good,” John smiles despite himself. It’s been hard for John to really smile anymore. It feels good not to force it.
John notes that it looks like Sherlock is walking in small circles. John hears him huffing and puffing, shoes slapping...then John realizes, he’s climbing stairs!
“You were never a field agent. Most of what you did for Mycroft was set up appointments, get coffee. Take notes. Make his bed.”
“Really, John?”
John slaps his knees and laughs. “I bet they do. I don’t adhere to voodoo. You’re most likely very observant and intuitive. You many have forgotten the process as to how you come to your conclusions, but you still do it. Kind of like a plane on autopilot.”
“It was hard, listening to her talk about Mary. She made it sound as if her mother and my wife were best friends! I told her they didn’t even know each other. You know what she said. That’s not true. She said her mother met with Mary on more than one occasion.”
Two points:
John wipes his hand off on his pants before he slides his palms down Sherlock's hips. With a yawn, Sherlock reaches around John and folds him into his chest. The cot dips down and they're snug together. John's heart staggers into an even rhythm.
Norbury doesn’t let go. Instead he pushes me.
The script still had not been approved by Professor Doyle, and was not in the files.
He clears his throat to change the subject. "Any other ... discomfort?"
“That would be Sherlock’s mind palace. It’s how he orders his world.”
My eyes go wide in panic. It’s not what I thought. It’s not about me. It’s about Mary.
With a rush of relief, he thought,
“We’re waiting Miss Molly, tell us...” Sister Katherine says.
. He felt excited. He felt regret. He felt unsettled. More unsettled than he was regarding his connection to Pandora.
"You know,
“Hey!” he says. “No getting personal.”
“You can nap here for a bit,” she says. “Anthea said the next train departs late morning. We’ll have an early breakfast before you’re off— I can show you the grounds and chat a bit more if there’s time.”
"How can you be not sure? You're his roommate. Don't you talk about girls and sex and that? I thought that's what guys talked about when having beers."
“In tights? I’m sorry. Continue with your story.”
Sherlock's eyes turned dark. John had seen them change many times over the last weeks, but he'd never seen this stormy transformation. John felt uneasy and a bit, well, turned on.
I don't want to think anymore about my past. Instead I focus on John Watson. His hair is the most interesting I've seen with shades of golds and silvers shimmering. The man smelled better than the fresh from the oven chocolate biscuits my mother used to bake.
“I haven’t treated those who have cared about me well in the past. I’m callous and selfish. I insult people, berate and belittle them, hurt them to achieve my ends. Apparently I still do.”
“So kind of you to refer to me as automated.”
“But where is the attic? We ask these questions to check memory.”
“The arrangement has been made. This is not a wise choice.”
“Yeah, guess we are. I really don’t see it that way.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “I do believe that is the purpose of such devices.” Sherlock carefully removes the bug with his fingernail, holds it up between his fingers to the light. He determines that it’s like some of the others. “There are two distinct types.”
“He must live in one of the adjoining houses to know about this. It’s a well-kept secret.”
He barely had room to shelve his textbooks from this semester; he wondered where the hell he’d put the new ones for next term. He hated to sell them back. He might need them again. He could use the cash, though. The damned things cost more than he'd expected. His parents weren't rich, so he'd always be on some sort of budget. He'd bought used ones for less at the campus bookstore, but guessed that most of them had been picked over by the time he got there. He’d have to make sure that he went earlier, winter semester.
"The Game is on."
“Dioxin,” he chokes out. “Sedative.”
“It’s a form of meditation. Nothing to be concerned about.”
“I know that, but I want to hear it directly from her.”
“She has three. I liked the red on me.”
“I don’t have much.” He seems like he’s waffling, but he’s already made up his mind.
She looked down at the note.
"This is a destination where people come to get away from the world, just as we have," Sherlock explains, poking through the vegetation of the thickest part of the jungle. "They sail here and squat. They don't always ask. I am not excusing, Mycroft, but it would be easy to miss a smaller live-aboard sailboat approaching, although his surveillance should have noticed when anyone sailed through the channel."
“Doing better,” John lied.
John smiles broad and clasps Sherlock’s hand that’s just above his head on the pillow. They both fall asleep wound up together.
“I did you a favor. It wouldn’t have worked.” Mycroft steps away from Sherlock. “She was very disturbed, much like you.”
He plucked and strummed the strings with his fingers instead. Sherlock remained in the bunk above him, still in his trance, so he studied. Had to get up early tomorrow for class. He yawned as he put on his sweats and went to bed.
Today, I sit sipping the Earl Grey with just the right amount of sugar. Tea seems to be John’s solution to everyday stressors. His shoulders loosen more with each sip. John smiles at me over the brim of his cup. This has been the routine of the last few days and our quiet late afternoons. I look forward to these chats about nothing in particular. Odd, because I used to think such idle chatter was mundane, but I’ve found that I thoroughly enjoy his time and company. Even when he is not present, I’ve grown comfortable in his living space and find his eclectic curiosities fascinating exploration. The books on his shelves have been hours of entertainment and reflect his interests from detective novels to science textbooks to classics.
He closes his eyes and grasps his own cock as he steadies his breathing.
He almost turned around twice to follow them. He reminded himself that John was capable. Still, doubts formed.
But he couldn’t look into the mirror after he left the stall, as he washed his hands. That same reaction drew his feet back to the same bathroom some time later, and John found himself locked inside the stall, staring at the bathroom wall, chain-smoking cigarettes until the small cubicle felt like a burning hole.
We’re sitting in the living area where over the last weeks I spend most of my time. I prefer the sofa and John takes his usual well-worn wingback chair. I typically lounge about and throw my legs up on the sofa and lie back with my head on his faded Union Jack pillow.
He answered me with John’s smile of satisfaction.
“Angel. You’re sure?”
Luckily or unluckily for me, I still hold a modicum of value in his eyes. If I didn't, my heats would be forced. I'd be given heinous black market drugs, then auctioned off to the highest bidder. I was able to stave off such actions from my keeper through a bit of fast talk along with a few hand and blow jobs. But the threat of having a forced heat thrust upon me and used by a waiting line of alphas, made my stomach turn. Such is the life of an omega without means in these times.
The story he tells me is incredible.
“I’ll be back in a few minutes,” John said, opening the door.
Alone with her new husband on a tiny Pacific atoll, a young woman combs the beach and finds an odd aluminum container washed up on the lagoon, something glitters in the sand. A gold tooth in a scorched human skull.
Prognosis: Dire.
"It's not that easy. The evidence is only circumstantial. No charges have been levied. I was working with Inspector Lestrade of the Scotland Yard—but Moriarty blocked us at every turn. James Moriarty is more than just a serial killer, John. I am afraid that he's much more than that."
“Recite them again—the words in the creases.”
John's stomach drops. "Oh, hell. Can you help me look?"
Justice. She is right that he needs to solve it, but Sophy Kratides already believes he did it. And she lost someone. He saw the keepsake, a locket, under her panties in the dresser. She never thought he'd look under them.
The look in Sherlock's eyes confused John. There clearly was concern for John. Who was this Moriarty? John was also becoming concerned. Sherlock jumped away from the bed and began pacing around the room, his arms raised up as if he were asking for guidance from above.
John gives me one of his long looks. I hear the words written on his face before John says them: “Don’t say it! I’ve heard you say it before: ‘I’m not a hero; I’m a high functioning sociopath.’ I didn’t believe it then and I don’t now.”
“Prisons are made from more than bars. I want to be able to come and go as I wish. No secluded places either.”
"We put it in the walk-in freezer."
Mycroft’s eyes light up for a second time. “That is a most superior choice,” he says as he opens the door. “You may keep him, but do teach him better manners. Until next time, dear brother.”
. He'd thought he'd left James behind. And James Moriarty was
He'd thought James cared, but all James cared about was pain and suffering.
I wipe my eye and blink at him. It’s burning. “I’m fine.”
As we started across the bridge, Sherlock's sharp steps caused his shoes to echo across the moor behind us. I swear he was doing that on purpose just to add to the ambiance since mine sounded hollow as they struck the wide planks.
I cross the room and over to the window. It’s beginning to rain and it patters on the glass. “You would be foolish not to do so.”
John rises up and turns his head to see an unsure Sherlock biting his bottom lip. He's stroking his own cock, watching John.
“He’s asked for my help,” Sherlock says simply and takes a bite of his fried bread dipped in egg yoke. The hearty fry up John provided this morning is much more than Sherlock is used eating in one sitting, but not wanting to insult John’s gesture, Sherlock stuffs in another mouthful.
“My, my,” she says with a wink as she looks out the crack in her door, “not that an old lady doesn’t appreciate young love, but you two need to take that into your flat.”
And he would wait as well. He’d temper himself. Heaven could wait, so could he.
“Well, I hate to say hi and run, but my friend needs me out there. Until later, okay?” John said, pulling him by his wounded leg as the man screamed. Probably not a good thing to do, but he was here to kill them, wasn’t he?
I'm really proud of the chapter below. It's a work of love and also, filled with suspense. And you thought the last chapter was a ride? Meet this one (and the next).
“Oh, Sherlock,” she says. “How long have you known your brother was alive, and you didn’t tell me? I’d say that was just as bad. This is most disheartening.”
Greg sighs, knowing John is holding out on him but doesn’t push. “You look well for being recently abducted,” Greg observes.
Sherlock stands flush against the rock face and takes the twenty-two, twelve-year-old Mycroft-sized steps, turns south, then proceeds another twenty-two paces, west seven more where he drops down and digs.
“You’ve done the damage. You wanted to see the aftermath. He left. Now leave. Stay away from John.”
"You don't mind?" Sherlock said.
John looked up, brows drawn together in confusion, then barked out a laugh. "You mean
“That is not what I said. I said leather gloves.”
He decided to take the trap with him. It might afford him a bit of entertainment, and he liked the idea of foiling the trapper’s plans and saving some woodland friends. The snow whipped around him. It was coming down harder, and he knew he’d have to make good time to follow them before they were covered by the blowing snow.
She reluctantly gets back into the car.
"We found him in the kitchen torn to bits?" She raised an eyebrow as if in surprise. Her reaction reminded me of Sherlock's when he was feigning interest or excitement. He could mold his face like clay into whatever expression was needed to manipulate someone. He's certainly fooled me enough times.
It's a lazy afternoon after two days of rain when they decide to walk to the airstrip and check out the ocean side of Palmyra.
A few notes on the allusions in this chapter.
“I love you,” Sherlock breathes out. “I fucking love you, John Watson.” He pulls out and flips John over so that they're facing.
“You okay, mate?” John asks. When he asks again and gets no reply, he becomes concerned that it’s some type of seizure. He did the same yesterday on the way home. He’s about to ask Mike to pull over when Will’s head turns.
I place the note open on the coffee table and slide it in Mycoft’s direction. He merely glances at it. I had already sent him pictures on my mobile along with a few images of Batman, who’s sitting at our kitchen table.
"We call it patience in the UK, and this particular game of patience is referred to as 'strategy'."
These are making a comeback again. I hate them. Impossible to get out of (John has the same complains me) and uncomfortable, these chairs were in every where in the 1970s when they gained popularity. They were around long before the 1960s, however. With a little research, I found their history can be traced back more than four thousand years to ancient Egypt and were also used as training tools in ancient China by students of tai chi.
“On that note, I do think we should step inside this establishment and have a chat before we draw attention.”  With that Mycroft and his men lead them into an old cafe, long since abandoned but appropriated for this little meeting.
Maybe it is.
“At home,” John repeats.
“There’s your ride.” His voice drips with sarcasm, then he looks at Rosie, who has a finger in her mouth and is frowning. I can see John’s mind rethinking things. “We can get Molly to watch Rosie. She’s off today.”
“I don’t think I care,” Thomas says, as he swabs her arm with gauze after. “Don’t put her under any more stress.”
“Mike and Molly know about this? And Beca? I’m never going to hear the end of it…”
To Sherlock, it’s the most convincing thing she’d said or done since he’s met her.
Sherlock assesses himself. “Resting heart rate, 45. Close to normal. Breathing rapid, but within acceptable range. I suggest we watch the video.”
“Circumstances? Circumstances?!” John bites back a bark of laughter. “You mean our snog?”
“James told me that Sherlock had a dog named Redbeard. He spoke fondly of the dog,” Mary said.
“I do think I need to go back to bed. I’m feeling a bit dizzy.”
This self pity isn’t making him feel better.
His mind circles and circles back around and around. He’s worried and not worried about Sophy taking John. He knows she will not harm John as long as Sherlock is of value to her. The trick is to get her on his side. To get her to reveal who is behind her. Or if she even knows. She may not realize what she does know.
. Do NOT breathe a word to her. That woman could
Then he sees Helena Smith drive up. He steps out and gets in.
Okay. Yeah. No mistaking his intent anymore.
She’s beautiful. He’d thought about flirting with her, but found it wouldn’t be worth the effort. At first he told himself it was because she’s cold and unapproachable, but the real reason was his new flatmate.
“Vivian said she removed the blanks and put in live ammunition. She pulled the trigger, thinking it was her idea. It never was.”
"Ta. Bring your paycheck so I can win it off you," John waves as Greg heads out the door. Greg hadn't known, or hadn't thought it worth mentioning, but Pelham is not only on the city council but on the board of the hospital as well. Once he finds out the man who accused his sister is a patient, who knew what he might do if he decided to find an alternate suspect for the police?
“Yes, I’m sorry,” he said and sped up his pace.
John’s eyes enlarged, while the corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched once.
Sherlock stood in the doorway and glanced inside the empty bedroom, his domain of the past seventeen years. His parents bought the house after they got married and lived there ever since.
Sherlock put the violin down. “Damn him and damn Jim Moriarty,” he said and flopped next to John on the couch. “I thought she looked familiar when I saw her. She has his eyes, his smile.”
“Yes.” He grabbed dishcloths to dry the floor, but there was too much water. He raced off to the bathroom, grabbed two towels and rushed back to the kitchen.
Sherlock furrowed his brows.
Simon frowned. “What do you mean by that?”
A month later, he booked Sherlock a flight back to London.
Sherlock sighed. “Are you sure you’re up for this asexual relationship?”
Greg gave him files of other unsolved cases. One after the other he solved them as well. He saved prisoners, wrongfully accused, from death penalty. Sometimes he received incentives from their families as gratitude for his help.
The black man held his hand out. “Give me hundred pounds for five.”
When he arrived home from school, his mother greeted him at the front door with an envelope in her hand.
After he finished his lunch, he glanced at his watch. “I have still ten minutes left, but we can go now if you’re in a hurry.”
Andrew glared at him. He snorted. “You have a brilliant mind. Now you want to throw it away with this gay shit.”
He shrugged. “I didn’t know she would be on your birthday party. Then again, I didn’t know Irene Adler would also be there.”
John’s eyes narrowed for a second, before he cleared his throat and changed his position on the chair before he answered. “Um, no.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh god, I’ll turn around.”
A smile appeared on John’s face. He wiped it off when he noticed Mycroft’s glaring eyes on him.
John grabbed his shopping bag, jumped out and bent down glancing at him. “Why don’t you come over for dinner tonight? I’m cooking.”
She shook her head, started the engine and pulled out of this driveway for the last time.
The waiter rushed over to him. “Your food will be ready any minute, Sir.”
“Nothing, I want to speak to you.”
Sherlock kept to himself as usual. After his classes, he spent his time in the library doing research until suppertime. Thereafter he buried himself in his textbooks in the dorm room.
“Next time you visit, bring me some biscuits will you. The buttermilk kind.”
Janet stood against the wall next to the door of 221 B, with her arms crossed. She smiled when the short dark-blonde man stepped out of the apartment building. Sherlock would follow him soon.
“I know,” he muttered, breathing heavily. “Oh god, you’re confusing me.”
“Yes, I’m done.”
John gazed into his eyes. “I don’t mind. I can wait.”
Thanks for reading and leaving kudos ♥
Simon sighed as he shook his head after Sherlock disappeared around the corner. Why did he react that way? It was as if he had a panic attack, but why. The boy was fine until he suggested that they had supper together.
“Come in you two, come in.” She shut the door after they’ve entered and went back to her flat while the two men walked upstairs.
When Sherlock’s phone beeped, John picked it up and read the message. “It’s Mycroft.”
“I’m a doctor. An army doctor actually. I got shot and had to return.”
“Can I help you with something, John?”
Willa chuckled. “It’s sounds awful I know, but with practice comes precision and with precision you can bring forth beautiful music.” She gazed at the young man in front of her. “Reach out for perfection, Sherlock and one day you too, can touch someone’s soul with your own compositions.”
“No dear, he called Molly to find out if she has any fresh cadavers.” She grimaced while her body shuddered.
“Look at you, you need to sleep. You have dark circles under your eyes.”
DI Lestrade held his hands up. “No, that’s not it. Just hear him out.”
His eyes enlarged. “Yes of course. Where are you working?”
Sherlock took a deep breath before opening his eyes. “I’m scared.”
They walked down the corridor to the locker room.
Mike moved his chair backwards and stood up. “I’m going for lunch, do you want something form the café?”
He sighed. “I can’t remember.”
“Don’t start, Mycroft,” Sherlock said and glared at him before continuing to set the table.
He chuckled. “So, when did you decide to change your mind?”
His eyes enlarged. “Yes, I have, but how did you know?”
“Alone is what I have. Alone protects me.” He jumped off the couch and headed over to the kitchen.
The professor walked over to him and knocked on his desk. “We don’t daydream in my class, Mister Holmes.”
“Nothing, when he’s awake. He’s having nightmares at night. Then he yells at someone to leave him alone and stop hurting him. All this we gathered from the video footage. When he sits with me during a session, he refuses to say a word.”
Sherlock walked past him and held the door opened. “I’m not working here.”
She snorted. “Which one, there are lots of read heads on the party.”
“Do you mind, I’d like to rest now.”
“What do you want from me?”
Mycroft sighed with relief.
Sherlock hated every minute of his new school. He didn’t make any friends in the six months he attended. He kept to himself, minding his own business.
Simon’s eyes enlarged. He let the legs slipped of his shoulders and get hold of Sherlock’s arms, pinning him onto the bed. “Look at me,” he called out. “Look at my face. It’s Simon. I’m not the one who hurt you before.”
She smiled. “Thank you, glad you liked it. It’s my own composition. I usually compose this kind of music when I’m sad. Do you play?”
“I’m fine. Leave me alone, Linda.”
He tightened his grip and yanked him closer. “Shut up and sleep, Sherlock.”
“I’m telling Mummy you were mugged, near the university. Don’t tell them you were at the harbor.”
“I know,” he whispered and ruffled the curly black hair with his fingers. He sighed before he got up. He pulled the zipper of his jeans up and slapped Sherlock’s tight butt. “Better put on your pants before Missis Hudson barges through that door. We forgot to lock it.”
A day later, there was another body found in the basement parking. Greg phoned Sherlock, informed him about it, but he was at the lab and was unable to accompanied him.
Andrew tore his shirt trying to keep him down while he wriggled to get away. “Stop squirming, you want to shag, we’ll shag.” He struggled, but managed to pull Sherlock’s pants down.
“I know. I don’t take it regularly anymore, but I keep filling my script every month.”
“Mummy and I thought it would be good for you to get out of the flat. Mingle with other people, and make friends.”
She smiled, unlocked the door and turned back to him. “I want this back before eight tomorrow morning,” she said when she handed him the set of keys.
“Molly and a few others.”
He poured white wine, handed a glass to Sherlock and gazed at him. “Why are you so quiet?”
The lecture room buzzed with talking students.
They became friends and spent more time with each other.
He arched a brow. “I’m Professor Linder, by the way.”
“By the end of next week, I have to give a week’s notice.”
“Hmm, that feels nice,” he murmured. He picked the remote up from the floor, switched the television off and turned on his back. He placed his hand on the side of Simon’s face and gazed into his eyes. “I know what you want.” He shook his head before he continued. “But I can’t give it to you.”
Andrew ignored him. He kept on thrusting into him, harder and harder.
He glanced at the students as they entered and arched a brow when he picked up something about them he never noticed before. The guy in front of him had a string of red hair on his jumper, but his hair was black – perhaps a girlfriend with red hair or the jumper didn’t belong to him. The girl next to him had crumbs on her corduroy jacket – she had biscuits for breakfast.
The black sedan stood in front of the building when they came out.
“I’ll take you, and afterwards we are going to have a nice long chat.”
He rolled his eyes while pulling on his cigarette. “Hudson’s wife, why do you want her number?”
Sherlock jumped upright and patted on the seat next to him. “Come watch telly with me. You’ll find it interesting. It’s about quantum physics.”
“I told you. I’m bored.” He flopped sideways onto the couch, put his hand together under his chin as if he wanted to pray and shut his eyes.
Sherlock popped another one of the tablets from the sachet after he arrived at his flat. He took the violin and played on it until late.
She nodded and watched him stumbled out of the lab. Her eyes enlarged. There was something wrong with him.
“I don’t. I would’ve brought him along to meet you on Saturday.”
“Stop groping my arse,” he cried out, jerking the hand off his rear end.
Although doctor Müller was not happy that Sherlock refused the tablets he described, he was impressed with his improvement.
“Take off your trousers or you’ll wet the rest of the floor.”
He threw his arms around him. “Oh, John.”
Sherlock was in his last year of school when the company his father worked for relocated to Liverpool and they had to move. He wanted to remain in London with his brother, but his parents refused. Little did he know Mycroft was the one behind it.
John stood up after he left, put the dirty dishes in the sink and strolled towards the bathroom to take a shower.
Sherlock sat at the kitchen table after making breakfast for John. It was the first morning he didn’t sit with the newspaper in front of him. His head rested on his hand while he stared in front of him.
Several hours later, Sherlock opened his eyes. “Where am I?” he mumbled. “What are you doing here?” he asked when he noticed Mycroft.
He took it, flipped the lid and glanced inside. “It’s half full.”
Sherlock strolled into the living room after eavesdropping on the conversation. “So, you’re leaving Mummy and me alone? We have to struggle on our own with packing and organizing a furniture truck.”
Sherlock jumped when the professor banged his hand on his desk. He stared at the long slender fingers on the desk in front of him.
Sherlock kept quiet while making tea.
They took the lift again and climbed out on the top floor.
Sherlock glanced at the hand reaching out to him. He hesitated before he took it.
“Is it really necessary to shout, Sherlock?”
He took out his science notes and textbook before he dropped onto the bed and turned on his stomach. He had to study if he wanted to remain a grade-A student.
“Find someone who can give himself completely to you, someone without issues.”
He gasped aloud. “That’s why I hate parties.”
John’s eyes enlarged. “We’re not lovers.”
Sherlock jerked his head up. “I wasn’t sleeping…” He gaped at the professor as he strolled towards him. Why were his eyes full of sparkles?
“You’re welcome to stop by and listen any time,” she called out when he was halfway down the corridor. “I didn’t catch your name,” she added.
“What were you doing here?” Sherlock asked for the second time and stood up as well. He walked over to the other side of the bed and took place next to John.
The taxi stopped next to him.
Mycroft kicked him under the table, turned back to Greg and smiled. “Decided what to order from the menu yet, dear?”
“Not necessary, Professor, it’s not visible to the eyes of normal people.”
Sherlock threw his hands in the air. “I should’ve been a girl,” he yelled before marching into the dining room.
“And what about Sherlock?”
Sherlock kicked Mycroft’s leg under the table.
“No, I can’t. My studies keep me too busy anyway.”
“I better get a move on. This table is getting to soppy for my liking.” He moved his chair backwards and stood up.
Sherlock glared at the two them. “Well Greg, it seems to me your team has everything under control. I refuse to listen to their insults any longer.” He turned around and walked out of the office.
After a few more minutes, he relaxed. He got out, dried himself and put on a baggy tracksuit pants and t-shirt before he returned to the living room.
“I sent him home. He doesn’t look to well.”
He shook his head, watching the man he loved, walking away.
“What about Harry, why doesn’t she visit you or you visit her?”
When she returned, she held the plastic container out to him. “You can have it. I have more at home.”
“Stop acting like a bloody child, Sherlock.”
“I wouldn’t if I were you, Sherlock.”
He ignored the question.
“I know. I think that’s why I’m pushing him so hard.”
Sherlock moved closer until he stood against him. “I’m sorry. How many times do you want me to apologize?”
“Why does he have to go to the crime scene?”
Sherlock glared at him. “Holding her hand?”
He drew the waiter’s attention before he stood up.
“What you are doing right now, biting and licking your lip.”
“Long time man, where you been?” the black man asked.
John left him standing in the bathroom while he hurried back to the kitchen.
Using the doorknocker, Sherlock knocked on the door.
Molly came looking for him and found him sitting on the floor in front of the lockers. “Are you alright, Sherlock?”
“Ugh, Mycroft Holmes is the British government.” Sherlock fell back on his bed. “Stay out of my business, Mycroft, or you may discover more than your little brain can handle. I’m not a saint you know.”
Sherlock moved up to his side of the bed and chuckled. “Don’t you need my coat before you sleep?”
His fingers stopped tracing the letters. He looked up and smiled. “I know,” he said and stood up from the table.
He nodded as he took place against a cupboard. His heart rate increased when Andrew brushed against him while leaning over him to reach for the wine glasses.
He shook his head slowly before he turned to him and drowned in the boy’s green-blue eyes. With difficulty, he removed his gaze and returned it to the front. “You did a great job. Even I couldn’t have done it with that speed.”
He scoffed at him. “Well, that’s a few hundred. Did your parents –” John threw his hands in the air and snorted. “Of course, that’s why they weren’t at the funeral.”
“You will contaminate the crime scene,” Anderson called out to him.
“You have to ask your doctor, Mister Holmes.”
Sally met him halfway to Greg’s office. “So, you call yourself now a consulting detective?”
“I find us amusing. Firstly, the one wants to determine if the other one’s gay. After we concluded we are both gay, we, secondly, wanted to find out if we are single.”
Sherlock stood up. He glanced at the board then at the professor next to him. He stood head and shoulders above the man and had to lower his head to look him in the eye. “Do I have…” he pointed to the front.
John returned after he changed into another set of clothing. “Did you manage?”
After explaining to them that the deceased was one of their guests, he accompanied them to the lift and down to the basement parking.
“I don’t have to eat. When I’m working I’m not eating.” He drank the last bit of coffee in his cup. “Why are you so tired these last few days? What is bugging you?”
Thanks for reading and leaving kudos ♥
“We’ve already interrogated him. He’s innocent. I’m not going to waste my time.” She pointed at Sherlock as she glanced at Greg. “Who does he think he is?”
“But Sherlock,” she cried out. “It’s the Holmes family tradition. Your father, your grandfather, and great grandfather, as well as Mycroft went there. You can’t throw your life away like this. You have to get a degree in something. A high school diploma only, won’t get you anywhere.”
When he climbed into the car, his eyes enlarged when the man in the back spoke to him. “It was you on the phone. How did you know my number?”
She sighed. “Sherlock, you don’t need any more lessons. You’re close to perfection playing the violin.”
“We’re not at uni now. Please, call me Andrew.” He placed his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and steered him towards the kitchen. “Would you like some wine.”
He tried to hide a smile. “How many times did I put my coat on not knowing you wore it the night before?”
“Don’t you go anywhere, Mister,” she called out. “Set the table, supper is almost ready.”
All of them raised their hands, except Sherlock. He didn’t pay any attention. His head rested on his hand while he paged through the textbook.
“Are you coming?”
He lowered the violin and turned to John. “What does he want?”
“I’m transferred from Liverpool. My brother, Mycroft Holmes, arranged for it.”
Almost every night, Sherlock woke up screaming from the haunting nightmares. After two months, his roommate filed a complaint. He moved out with the permission of the Dean, now Sherlock had the room all to himself.
“Is something wrong, Sherlock?”
Before examining the area or the body, all of them put on protective clothing, gloves and shoe covers except Sherlock. He took only a pair of gloves and strolled over to the body.
He entered the building and paced down the corridor until he found someone. “Excuse me. Do you know in which room is Sherlock Holmes?”
Sherlock snorted and choked on his food. He coughed a few times, before he was able to take a sip of water. “At least now I know you haven’t slept together, yet.” He put his fork down. “Greg, why did you take your wedding ring off?”
Mycroft smiled. “So, you’ve met our sister.”
Sherlock raised his head and looked at her. “Is it strong?”
He drew his lips in a thin line. “Father asked me to keep it to myself.” Mycroft noticed the surprised look on his face. “Yes, he cheated on Mummy thirty years ago.”
When John woke after four hours of sleep, he glanced at the clock radio and jumped out of bed when he noticed the time. Sherlock didn’t wake him after two hours, as he asked. He straightened his clothes and rushed into the living room. “Sherlock,” he called out. He glanced inside the kitchen and in the bathroom. He was alone in the flat. Where could Sherlock be?
“No, he’s a lab analyst with deduction skills,” Greg answered on behalf of Sherlock. “Tell them about the extra clues you found.”
He nodded. “Yes, I’m just getting a bucket.”
Sherlock smiled. “Deduction,” he answered to avoid a lovers tiff.
John shook his head in disbelieve, before he smiled. “That’s amazing.”
He threw his hands in the air. “Short red hair, intelligent, slender build… and beautiful.”
“Oh for heaven’s sake sit down, Greg. You too, Sherlock.”
“All right then. I’m off to bed. Join me when you’re feeling better.” John shut his laptop and headed over to the bedroom.
Sherlock smiled faintly while deducing him. Shirt not properly ironed – no cleaning lady. He shaved, but missed a spot on his chin – in a hurry, overslept perhaps. He had some shaving cream left on his right ear and there was a coffee stain on his tie – definitely in a hurry. “Fine, thank you. Did you overslept, Professor?”
“Afghanistan, but how did you know I got shot in the shoulder?”
Sherlock glided his gaze over to his mouth and held his breath. “Stop that,” he said, before returning his gaze to John’s eyes.
Sherlock stared at his professor until he disappeared. He shut the door, opened the brown paper bag and glanced inside. Not hungry, he ate only a few chips. He put the rest of it with the burger back in the bag.
John’s eyes enlarged when the music came drifting towards him. He wrapped a towel around his waist and stepped out of the bathroom. He leaned against the doorway, watching him. “That’s beautiful,” he said after Sherlock stopped.
Greg drew a deep breath. “Let him go, he knows what he’s doing.”
When John stormed in, he was dressed in his pajamas again. He fell down on the bed and switched the bed lamp on. “Please don’t be mad at me.” He shook his head. “I’m a hot-blooded man with needs.”
“Yes, of course.” He nodded. “Of course I am.”
Sherlock jumped up. “Didn’t you know a lover can be a friend as well?” He snorted. “Oh but of course, you won’t know. You don’t have a lover, brother mine, only a goldfish.”
After only a few minutes with the body, Sherlock picked up a lot more than clues.
He frowned. “How do you know me?”
John licked his lips before he smiled. “I know. It’s silly.”
“Going to cost you a lot, better you take five I give it for same price as one.”
The lector lowered his hand and turned to him. His gasped when he laid eyes on the tall slender student with the ruffled black curly hair. He gaped at him. The man had a pair of cheekbones any women would envy. He looked like a boy with his flawless pale skin. He couldn’t be older than nineteen.
‘How rude of you to drop the call in Greg’s ear. MH’
John moved backwards trying to increase the distance between them, but Sherlock kept on stepping forward until John stood with his back against the wall.
He took his hand away from his eyes to quiet them down when he noticed the blackboard. His eyes enlarged. The boy completed the formula in record time and was on his way back.
“What if your wife wants you back, what about my brother?”
A taxi picked him up and drove him to New Scotland Yard.
By the end of the week, he discharged him, after two weeks in hospital.
John moved off the seat, down onto his knees and placed his hands around Sherlock’s hips. “Oh god yes, I promise.” He stood up and bent over, drowning in the green-blue eyes.
Sherlock shut his eyes. “So, I’m not dreaming?” he mumbled again.
“Don’t worry. I’ll figure something out.” He hurried out of the lab and went downstairs to the HR office. He inquired about a telephone number for Sherlock’s next of kin, but they refused to give it to him if he didn’t have permission from him or from the head of HR.
Gunshots fired.
Sherlock was playing the violin, when Simon barged through the door of the musical room.
“I’m old enough to look after myself. I don’t need a babysitter.” Sherlock stormed to his bedroom and slammed the door shut. He fell down on his bed and buried his face in the pillow.
Professor Linder frowned at the young man’s dark enlarged eyes. “Are you okay? I was just offering you a free meal, nothing else.”
“Now is fine, but you’re still on duty.”
He shook his head after the doors shut, pressed the ground floor button and smiled all the way down.
As promised, he dropped the musical room’s keys off before eight that morning and rushed to be in time for his first class.
John came back after his shower, fully dressed this time.
When they built up to a climax, they were unable to uphold the whispering moans any longer.
“What’s up with him?” he asked after Sherlock walked away.
Sherlock jumped up when his phone rang. “No I’m not busy,” he answered. “Be there right away.” He turned to John. “Do you want to go with me to a crime scene?”
Sherlock jumped up as well. “I tried to explain, but you didn’t want to listen. I did it to protect you.”
He nodded, left the music room and hurried back to his room.
Mike smiled. “This is a coincidence. A colleague of mine is looking for a flat mate. Are you interested?”
Sherlock removed his hand, draping it over his shoulder as he turned sideways to put his head on Simon’s lap.
Simon’s eyes enlarged. “Fine, I’ll take you back. Don’t get your knickers in a twist.”
He gaped at him before he blinked a few times. “I beg your pardon. The invitation to my house was for a drink only. I’m not some… sex maniac, Mister Holmes.”
The professor held his hands up. “Fine, I won’t. Just calm down.” He gaped at the young man, before he followed him to the door.
“I was. Why did you disappear and what were you looking for on the stage?”
John furrowed his brows while gaping at her. “What does he want with… Oh, never mind.” He raced back up the stairs, grabbed his jacket and ran down again.
Sherlock stood on top of the bed, waving his arms while yelling. “I know you can see me, Mycroft. I hate you for doing this to me. I hate you. I hate Liverpool and –”
John’s eyes enlarged. “Where are you going?”
Sherlock paced over to the window. Glancing out of it, he asked. “Where does she come from?”
While studying, Sherlock’s thoughts went back to professor Linder. It was kind of him to bring him a takeaway. He sighed. Poor man, all he wanted was to take him for dinner. He would apologize tomorrow after class for being so rude. Maybe he should take him for coffee – “No, are you insane,” he cried out, reprimanding himself. He shut his eyes. He wouldn’t make the same mistake twice – professors were off limit.
Sherlock took place behind his desk again.
“Sherlock, you can keep it.”
Sherlock put the teapot down. “What?” he asked while putting a cup of tea in front of John.
He rolled his eyes. “Are we really discussing this now?”
“What you pay last time?”
Simon pulled him up. “Come let me show you how gentle I am,” he whispered before leading him down the corridor to the master bedroom. He made Sherlock sit down on the bed and sat astride him. He started to kiss the side of his neck. “Don’t be scared,” he whispered and continued to kiss his neckline. Simon shut his eyes when he became aware of the growing bulge underneath him. His lips came down on Sherlock’s mouth. Without forcing, he welcomed his tongue inside his mouth.
“Where’s Willa?”
He nodded. “It’s nice.”
“Why don’t you go home for the day?” one of his colleagues asked.
Both men stared at each other.
Sherlock and John headed back home after they found enough clues for DI Lestrade on the murder scene in Brixton.
He gasped aloud when John thrust his erected cock into him, repeatedly, each time harder than before. “Oh my god,” he cried out of enjoyment. “I’ve waited a long time for this.”
*The End*
“Yes, a flat mate.”
Sherlock returned three months later. He glanced at the building, then at the green door with the 221B copperplates and smiled. He missed this place, but not as much as he missed John.
He snorted and hopped around onto his other side to face the wall. He pulled up his knees to lie in a fetal potion, which he often did when he was upset.
“Ah, my little brother is awake.”
She waited until the black sedan pulled away before she strolled back to her car.
Sherlock gasped as a tingling feeling rushed through his body.
Greg took him by the arm. “Come. I’ll take you home.”
He put the fork down. “You never eat breakfast.”
The smile on her face grew wider.
When he licked his dry lips, it left a taste of iron in his mouth. He brushed over his lips, feeling the coarseness of dry blood underneath his fingertips.
Sherlock jumped feet first onto his chair, put his hands together in front of his face and shut his eyes, ignoring John.
He glanced at Sherlock. “And you, little brother, are you excited to see the new house?”
“Don’t let anybody else in.”
Mary chuckled. “How do you now it’s a little guy? It might as well be a little girl.”
“What did he say?”
She hurried out of the lab to the locker room.
They stepped into the lift.
Later that night shouting noises woke John. He lay still to listen and gasped when Sherlock screamed. He jumped out of bed and rushed to his bedroom. He knocked on the door and entered.
The woman who was playing the violin stood in front of him, frowning.
John sat at the breakfast table, hanging his head like a wilted flower. After Sherlock woke him, he changed his position, sagged down to the right side and supported his head with his hand.
On Monday, Sherlock solved the case and they arrested the janitor.
He turned his head to the other side and blinked again. “Mycroft?” he murmured. Was he dreaming?
Thanks for reading and leaving kudos ♥
He shook his head. “What do you think happened to him, Doctor?”
Mike smiled. “I see you found each other.”
Mycroft scoffed at him. “Surely you know about the birds and the bees.”
“Stop laughing and sleep. And not a bloody word about the coat to your brother.”
“What are you doing tonight?”
“Come love, the truck is waiting.”
“Good catch, Mycroft. Where did you meet?”
When they returned after a few hours, Greg called Sally, a detective and Anderson, a forensics expert, who’s working on the case with him to his office and introduced them to Sherlock.
“So, you missed supper, it’s past six already.” He took a deep breath. “I’m on my way to a diner. You want to join me?”
He rushed to the door, locked up and trotted back to the music room.
He frowned. “What does that mean?”
He put the gun on top of the mantelpiece and glanced at his ex. “Why are you still in your pajamas? It’s past noon already.”
Greg pointed to a camera at the end of the alley. “There’s one where the taxi dropped you off. He’s still at the office because he’s looking out for you.”
John returned to the kitchen. “Anyway, he’s coming over tonight.” He glanced back and chuckled. “He asked if he could bring a plus one.”
The students burst out with laughter.
Greg glared at Anderson. “Stop this bullshit, both of you. You’re starting to annoy me.”
After a long discussion, Mycroft convinced him to go back to London. He would pull a few strings to get him into a university there.
He returned to room fifteen and knocked.
He glanced at him and nodded.
“Sitting in my room, trying to start a blog,” he replied. He took a deep breath. “So, do you have a girlfriend?”
After he calmed down, he gave her a call.
The two men glanced at each other and burst out with laughter.
“Please, let me go. I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.”
“Would you please stop it?” He glared at his brother. “This is not an interrogation.”
He rolled his eyes – so much for a cold shower. He suppressed another sigh while placing his other hand on Sherlock’s head, brushing his fingers through the ruffled black hair, twirling the curls around his fingers.
John frowned and looked him in the eye. “Why do you find this so amusing?”
Mycroft moved his chair back. He took out his cell phone and left the room to make a call.
“Calm down, little brother, everyone makes mistakes.”
“Mycroft is on his way over to him now.”
Almost in tears, Sherlock paced up and down with his hands locked behind his head. “Oh god, what have I done?” he murmured. With tears in his eyes, he glanced at the furious man in front of him. “I think I better leave.” He turned away and hurried down the corridor.
Sherlock gaped at him, speechless.
The phone on his desk rang. He grabbed it to answer. “Yes. Speaking.” He jumped up. “We’ll be there in a minute.” He chucked the receiver onto the phone and grabbed his jacket. “They found a body in the Grand Deluxe hotel’s basement parking. Sherlock, you’re coming with me.”
Sherlock yanked his arms loose. “What are you doing?” He glared at him.
As John turns onto the next side street, Will knows it’s a huge mistake. A lorry blocks the road ahead— a trap for those foolish enough to wander in. John slows and makes a u-turn jumping a curb, but before he completes it, Will sees three men push an old rusty car into the road, effectively blocking their escape. Mike’s little car faces the three in the standoff on Maria Street. The largest one in the middle swings a jimmybar, the other two, large boards with nails. They look worn, desperate, and dangerous. The one in the center, who’s obviously the leader, lurches forward.
John’s head jerked up the moment he heard Moriarty’s voice on the other side of the door. When Sherlock’s voice answered, John’s heart sank:
“I promise, John, I will tell you what happens.”
“There you are, John!” she says, bouncing up to the other side of the bed across from John. “Just checking on my number one patient!” Beca pats Sherlock’s hand.
“At least it’s not a seizure. Lie down.”
“You’re telling me that Eurus influenced me to help fake my wife’s death? Eurus told me there was nothing for me to do, that there was nothing I could do to save her, and that’s why I did nothing? It wasn’t shock or fear? God!”
“I suppose after all I have been through recently, I can live a little dangerously,” Mycroft says, taking a small bite of egg. “Very good.”
“I’ll try,” John says.
“I need to speak to Vivian Norbury. Arrange it,” I say.
"Don't be ridiculous, John." He snorts. "Not my area."
“Leave Mycroft out of this,” Sherlock said, playing along because to what lengths might James go if he can’t use his usual methods?
Like John’s flat. Cozy and simple.
“Give you a lift home, John? Molly’s taking a cot here.”
"Are you talking about Moriarty or yourself?" Or Sherlock, but John keeps that quip to himself. He's never really believed that and he hates jokes at Sherlock's expense. He's the only one allowed that privilege. Well, and Mary. He definitely has no intention of belittling Sherlock in Irene Adler's presence.
Sherlock had had many reasons for leaving London, but James Moriarty had topped the list. He hadn't thought Moriarty would follow him across an ocean. Oh, he had been so, so wrong. He'd never underestimate James again.
Sherlock has John lead.
“We should finish the video and…” John suggests.
“Surprise! Surprise!” Will’s voice drips with anything but. He should be good like John asked, but he can’t help himself with the Sister. He enjoys their verbal jousts. “I didn’t expect dinosaurs to move this fast. And they sent you in to shove me out the door!”
I stopped. "You need to tell me what this is all about, or I'm absolutely not taking another step."
“The movie is over. You said not to speak until that time.”
“Sherlock Holmes.”
“Good, now that we’ve settled that, let’s talk about the other choice,” John says, but he’s staring at Sherlock’s lips like he wants them back on his.
Every day the mailman disappointed him. As the postman’s car drove away, John would walk out to the mailbox, expecting a plain envelope with a cryptic message inside. None arrived. Ma Bell disappointed as well. Each time the phone rang, John rushed to it, expecting to hear that deep baritone on the other end—or at least the silence or a hint or something.
“You’re the one who left, dear,” she answers, yawning. “He’s out and having one too many pints, I expect, drowning his sorrows. You shouldn’t be surprised that he’s ignoring your texts, moving out the way you did. But it's nothing you two can’t work out— I’ve seen how you boys are together, thick as thieves. Always best to kiss and make up. Never go to bed angry— that’s what I always say. Of course you need to come home to do that.”
Will stares at John, who keeps looking over and grinning back like a loon. "Those guys were terrible carjackers," John says.
“I’ll ask him,” says Mike. “If he ever wakes up.”
"I am fine. No need to check me over. I know what you're thinking. I haven't taken any drugs." John watched as Sherlock reined in whatever demon had possessed him and calmly leaned over to begin gathering up the cards mechanically.
“Bloody hell. The docks,” John says, sitting forward to look closer.
It’s outrageous! You turn the solution of finding Miss Lander’s toy poodle into something as grandiose as the return of the Crown Royal Jewels!”
“Sherlock? Are you there?” Mycroft asked.
“I should think you might learn a thing or two from those.”
“True. But not as difficult in the inverse when the marker is preselected,” Sherlock says. “The trick is when different strains of virus simultaneously infect the same cell in a body, they may undergo genetic reassortment and mutate.”
“You’ve managed to stay out of all the teaching, haven’t you? I knew there was a reason you dated Beca,” Mike teases.
John giggles and gives it a squeeze. “Mm, and what should we do with this?”
"Don't. Stop. Don't stop." He pleads, half giggling. He’s not sure how far to go with this little game. "Not
“I see your limp has returned.”
“Why so defensive?
“I love you, John Watson.”
As the raft gently rocked on the waves, John sucked down the last of his beer and crushed the can in his hands. A bitter wave of regret went with these last moments together, knowing that most of these friends might not be his friends if they knew the truth about him.
Some were going out of state. Like Pete. Although Ball State wasn't that far, John doubted he'd ever see him much again. They'd never been that close. He planned to be a lawyer and that was so far from what John wanted that he knew their paths were unlikely to cross.
When John stops, Sherlock groans in disappointment followed by a sharp gasp of pleasure as John lies fully on top of him. John body fills Sherlock’s edges and angles with hollows and curves. John shifts, and they lock into place. Sherlock’s own gasp reverberates through John.
“I retrieve more and more about my childhood daily. I found that having Mycroft here pulled data from my cerebral cortex most efficiently.”
“Don’t pretend,” she says. “It’s obvious to everyone you find him attractive.”
His green eyes blink in confusion.
I pocket the two pieces of dry toast we didn’t eat from breakfast. I know we shouldn’t feed the ducks, but Rosie loves it.
So he found out I didn’t wait for his tour? Resourceful.
We stand and he leads me through the door to my bedroom. He pulls back my covers, and helps me underneath. He tucks me in naked, and he makes it feel as if it’s the most natural and rational action one can perform.
“Where’s that?”
John was tapping the pen on the desk. His eyes moved to the clock. Almost three. His head shot up when a knock came on the office door. His heart raced when he heard the voice.
"And later?"
His insides warm and he feels the familiar flutter of his heart during a first kiss. Not something to worry about, John tells himself. His breathing becomes rapid as his own tongue swirls around Sherlock's.
, Sherlock thinks.
“Thank you.”
It’s a little over thirty minute ride to Middlesex to HMP Bronzefield. It’s the largest maximum-security prison for women in the UK and also the only private prison, although private in this particular instance doesn’t equate to high-end. Since Vivian’s escape attempt in January, she’s been housed in the prison within the prison.
"Stop!" Steven said, cutting him off. "I was horny, you were there. Convient. That's all you were to me. A hot mouth, a hand job. We never had sex, and if you ever tell anyone we did, I will fucking kill you."
She flicks her eyes back to me and actually snarls. “She was going to double cross me. She planned to kill me. I saw it in her eyes that she would kill me. After all, it was her nature. She was scorpion. It was myself or her, so I made the choice.”
“Ta. I did get to meet Mrs. Holmes, the family home, and get insight into our detective.”
"No, John." He leaned closer, his mouth next to my ear. "I do love you."
Well, you'll have to read and find out...
“The purpose behind Pandora is why this is of utmost importance. When it came to creating the genomes, the common genomes targeted could be viewed by some as undesirable.”
The water in the sharks' channels is as deep or deeper than his waist so John waits for low tide to cross those: the sharks only seem to use them when the water's deep.
"Of course I did. I still do on occasion. As boy I was very fond of Robert Louis Stevenson."
As they stepped out on to the foundry floor, John's jaw dropped. The main floor was the size of a football field. Massive vats filled with glowing red molten metal shot wild sparks into the air. The machinery swinging around him seemed to have arms and legs that writhed from the oppressive heat. It was terrifying! He clung closer to his father, his protector. His dad grew in stature that day. This was the father John remembered in his fairy tale past: that brave and masterful iron worker. The efficient foreman. His eternal hero.
“A restorative implant specialist? Repurposing!”
“Oh, Sherlock, Vatican Cameos! Don’t you remember how much you desperately need me?”
“Mycroft messaged you.”
For those who would like to know more about the atoll
"What?" John says. "What's happened?"
Sherlock wants to let go— embrace his emotions. It’s so easy to do as John wraps his arms around his waist and crushes his body. Sherlock appreciates the strength of John’s biceps. He takes Sherlock’s mouth again. Sherlock’s pulse races, and he counts. It’s a bit obsessive— 128 beats per minute is high but within male arousal limits. His pulse raises as John’s very impressive erection rubs against Sherlock’s upper thigh. Sherlock opens them purposefully in invitation.
“Mycroft, do shut up!” Sherlock turns and squints at Mycroft. “And it’s an elf hat. At least yours doesn’t light up!”
God. What is he supposed to do with all of this?
I think of his knots and how I’d like him to use those skills on me. Have me helpless and tied to this very bed with him hard above and me beneath him, aching for him to make love to me. I have imagined many scenarios between us over the years. I imagine what his kiss might taste like, tea, honey, and that raspberry jam he loves. I imagine that same raspberry jam smeared over my cock and John’s flat tongue wickedly licking it clean. I can feel the vibrations through me with each moan he makes after each lingering flick of his tongue. I shouldn’t think like this, I shouldn’t. But I take my cock in hand and slowly savor it all.
He could live with the dorm room as cramped and impersonal as it was. This freshman dorm was filled with guys like him, all shell-shocked and nervous, feeling lost and lonesome on the big campus. All John had to do was step out into the hallway and he was accosted with invitations to come smoke one or have a drink.
“You do have a license.”
"You should be safely in the middle of the Pacific by now and nearing your destination. I know you're wondering why I've done this to you when there's so little time left before your wedding. John, you can't go through with it. I can't let you marry her. She's not what you think she is. In fact, she's a danger to you. I am sorry I had to take such drastic measures, but it was necessary. For now, that's all I can say. When you reach the island, I will tell you more."
