He swallows past the lump in his throat as he closes his eyes and breathes through the pain ripping up over his shoulders. It’s all he has left of Cas now, two marks made from his own blood, and Dean’s legs feel unsteady for a long moment as he leans against the door and hopes it doesn’t let him fall.
to Cas.” Sam shifts uncomfortably and lets out a rushed breath. “Something that’s strong enough for us to hopefully open the rift and wake him in the process. It might even help the rift open closer to him.”
There’s a long moment where they just smile at each other, holding their gaze, before Jack glances away. His eyes latch onto Miracle, still lying quietly behind Dean and not at all bothered by the newcomer. Jack gets up off the bed just to crouch down in front of the dog as he reaches out to pat Miracle gently.
There’s a long beat of silence as they look at each other, Sam looking rather surprised as his eyes flick from Dean, to Miracle as he approaches with a wagging tail, to the complete and utter chaotic mess of the library, before they lock onto something and narrow considerable.
He reminds himself of that as he curls into his bed, Miracle in the crook of his knees, with one arm wrapped around his midriff and the other tucked beneath his pillow. He wonders if Cas will come find him later, but the thought trails off just as quickly as his eyes grow heavy.
He’s sitting up in his bed, clad in a pair of Dean’s own pajamas with Jack perched on a chair by his bedside. The two falter in their conversation as they turn to the door, Cas’s eyes lock with Dean’s and suddenly all Dean can focus on is the way Cas’s mouth drops opens just the slightest and his eyes widen by just a fraction.
Wearily, Dean shuffles forward towards a nearby fallen log, sitting down heavily with shaking knees as his palms press against the cutting bark and his fingertips grace against soft moss. His shoulders are trembling as he hangs his head, as he sucks in deep breaths while the wind breezes across his cheeks, as he closes his eyes to block out the world as it beats around him.
Miracle is at his feet, long since moved from sitting to lying down with a huff. That's how long Dean’s found himself out here, waiting for some plucky courage to make itself known to get him to actually twist his hand and open the damn door. He knows the longer he waits, the sooner Sam and Eileen get back and come looking for him, and the last thing he wants is an
“Do you remember,” he suddenly says, his voice choked as he finally lowers his hands to see Sam and Eileen looking back with wide and worried eyes, “the first case Dad sent me on alone?”
Finally, the serene smile disappears. It drops from Jack’s face, only to be replaced with a stricken look that has Dean nearly crossing the gap between them to wrap Jack in a tight hug. He doesn’t want to see it ever again, but Dean knows Jack wouldn’t look like that if the news wasn’t bad.
Dean isn’t expecting that, and his hand slips from Jack’s shoulder. He looks away, biting his lip as he does so before he sighs and shakes his head. “I don’t know,” he responds truthfully, and he looks back to see a crude smile on Jack’s face.
This is what he’d feared, what had his hand stalling on the door. There’s nothing here. Nothing for Cas to be attached too. His room is just that, a room with nothing in it. Dean knows Cas had barely spent time in here, but he had expected at least maybe some clothes or a few books or hell, even some photos or
Dean rolls his shoulders back, ignoring the nervousness pooling in his chest. “No,” he responds, and the Shadow’d eyebrows raise, “I don’t.”
The second time they stop, it's well into the night. Dean’s sitting up by this point, forehead pressed against the back door window as his eyes follow the stars in the sky. He doesn’t think much, just mindlessly scratches the dog's ears where his head sits on his lap and listens to the dull music Sam has playing on a cassette. The dog starts to whine after a while, Dean doesn’t know why, and Sam mutters something under his breath in front of him. He doesn’t move when Sam pulls over on the side of the road, doesn’t look over as the other back door opens and the dog disappears with Sam, but he chances a glance when the dog rejoins him, panting happily with a wagging tail.
He looks to see if there’s anywhere the layer of dust has been broken in. It remains solid and continuous right up until the bedside table, which piques Dean’s curiosity, and he reaches around Miracle to pull open the top drawer to see what's inside.
“You sure?” he asks, and Dean rolls his eyes as he pushes past him. Sam follows behind like Dean’s too large shadow, but thankfully stops at the corner as Dean rounds it to head to Cas’s room.
It hits Dean like a sledgehammer, nearly knocking the wind out of him as he realises he’s looking right at the Empty itself, at the Shadow that controls it. That twisted being behind Cas’s face is the one that took him, the one that’s caused all of this.
nearly knocks Dean’s knees out from under him, and he has to lean against the counter between them lest he sinks to the floor. Of course,
, he thinks as he moves to pull his chair out from under the desk to sink into, facing Jack but struggling to look at him. He’s failed Cas’s son,
Dean walks up to lean against the hood of the impala as he watches the dog do his thing through narrow eyes, the sun hanging low in the afternoon sky. It’s cold outside despite it and he stuffs his hands into his pockets and hunches his shoulders to his ears as the wind bites against his skin. The dog doesn’t seem too affected by it, just appears to be happy as he sniffs the area, and Dean wishes he had the same attitude.
All of a sudden, he just feels so painfully alone. Sure, Miracle is with him, Sam and Eileen are never far away, and if he just picked up his phone and responded to all the messages that have been blowing it up for the last month then maybe that could be solved. But he knows, part of him knows that isn’t what he wants.
Sam watches him back for a long moment before he sighs and hangs his head. “Dean,” he tries again, and Dean hates how rational he sounds, “come on. You know that Cas wouldn’t want you to-”
Amongst Kevin and Gadreel and the Mark and he can see it, Cas’s bloodied and bruised face looking up at him, begging Dean to listen, to stop
So Dean leaves him to it, not wanting to interrupt any of the processes that are about to happen, and Eileen follows him quietly to the kitchen with Miracle trotting at their feet. It’s natural for Dean to start pulling open the cupboards to take things out, not too sure what he’s about to cook but he knows his hands might stop shaking if he can focus on something else.
He can’t say it, his tongue catching in his mouth and the words die before they can be said. He remembers the way his father had looked at him, the sneer, the way Bobby had gripped his arm and told him the entire drive to the windmill that it was okay, that Dean is okay, and it's his father who was wrong.
That doesn’t sound too bad, even as Dean frowns as he tries to think of something. Cas’s coat comes straight to mind, but that was taken along with the angel when the Empty ripped him away. But Cas has been with them for over a decade at this point so there has to be
Dean clenches his jaw, turning on the spot to keep up with the Shadow as it moves around him. “I said get
The Shadow laughs. “That’s it.” It’s face shifts suddenly, dead serious as it steps into Dean’s space and it takes everything he has not to stumble backward. “However, if you
“Don’t,” Dean growls, his teeth aching with how hard they’re clenched. “You don’t get to tell me what Cas would’ve wanted, Sam. You don’t know anything about what he wanted.”
room, it's just a normal room and Cas will be there asking him if he had a bad dream with those knowing eyes and that small smile he saves just for Dean.
He knows he should use these quiet moments where it's just him, Miracle, and the sounds of the forest to maybe lay those emotions out and pick them apart. But when has Dean
Sam’s gaze is hard. “Are you ready?” he asks, and Dean has never been asked such a weighted question before.
It’s not far, but it's enough of a distance that Dean finds himself starting to relax the further he drives. It’s always been his comfort, something mindless to get lost in but pleasant enough to enjoy. Miracle stands on the passenger seat beside him, front paws perched on the door, tongue lolling out as he keeps his head pressed window. Originally, Dean had no intention of letting Miracle sit in the front seat, but then that small bit of anger at Sam had flared up and Dean let the dog sit in Sam’s usual seat as a small form of retaliation.
He knows there are things he’s going to need to address soon, things that have been hovering in the back of his mind since he stood in front of Cas and listened to him pour his heart out. Dean will never forget that smile, the tears in his eyes, the
him, but Dean does nothing as the stricken look stays marred on Jack’s face as the kid takes two steps backward before turning around.
But Sam won’t be home any time soon. Although, that doesn’t mean that Dean can just sit here and wait. He has a job to do, even if it looks like Sam hasn’t had much luck himself, but that won’t stop him.
“Better?” The Shadow asks mockingly. It’s Dean’s face on Cas’s body and Dean wants out of here, away from the horrible monstrosity in front of him, and he has to force himself to stay still even as the horror rips up his spine and urges him to
He would never ask it of Cas though, nor of Jack and, even though he so desperately wants to stay with Cas right now, he reaches down to squeeze Cas’s hand before he stands and pulls his brother and Eileen from the room. In the end, this isn’t a conversation for them all, but one for father and son.
Sam’s shoulders slump, Dean hadn’t realised how much tension had been in them, and he looks away. His jaw looks like its ready to snap with how much he’s working it, and Dean really hates that he’s the cause of Sam looking this way.
he’s been. He’s let himself get so consumed by the horrendous mixture of what he’s been feeling and what he’s been trying so hard
“One day, he will be back,” it hisses in Dean’s ear. “You cannot avoid that, and neither can he. In the end, he’s mine. He always will be, and when he
be the chance Dean has been so desperate for, the moment he’s waited and waited for since Cas had looked at him with that broken tearful smile as the Empty had stolen him away.
Because he sees her knowing looks, the way her eyes flick to him when they speak of Cas, feels her hand on his shoulder each time they have to discard a book because it bore nothing of worth. She’s more astute than even he is to his own feelings, and sometimes he finds it suffocating to be made aware of the churning emotions rolling around inside him.
Dean’s thoughts hurtle to a stop as he looks at Jack, his heart stays thumping wildly in his ears but his shoulders deflate as he realises that it is just Jack. Not that he’s upset, he’s missed the kid, but his hands still shake with the residue adrenaline that had flashed through his body as Jack smiles at him with his hand raised in his usual awkward greeting.
Dean swallows thickly, finding it hard to keep Sam’s gaze, and eventually, he drops his eyes. “You’re right.” He lets out a shaky laugh. “Bitch.”
He doesn’t take his hand back, just leaves it where it's carding through Jack’s hair softly as he settles in for the wait ahead.
Eileen’s hand drops on top of Sam’s, and Dean looks up to see her smiling. “If it's the last damn thing we do.”
“We were running low on some things,” she says with a winning smile before she turns tail and disappears. Dean follows her without hesitation, his grip on Jack’s shoulder strong enough that he pulls the boy with him.
He finds that he doesn’t know what to say as Sam looks his way. He swallows thickly and thinks about how much of a wreck he must look in yesterday's clothes, red cheeks, and no doubt large sleeping bruises under his eyes. He’s slept, but not well, and he knows Sam will pick up on it ridiculously fast.
It’s Eileen who insists he takes Miracle for a walk still, even if Dean had offered it as an out for both her and Sam. Each day she’s shoved Miracle’s lead in his hand and pushed him out of the library with stern instructions not to come back too soon, and Dean really does think that Eileen deserves a lot more credit for her observation skills.
His breath hitches in his throat as Cas meets him halfway, as their lips press gently together. It’s chaste, soft and warm, and Dean’s hand slides up into Cas’s hair as he pulls him as close as he can. Cas comes willingly, one arm slipping behind Dean’s back to bring him further up the bed, and Dean doesn’t hesitate as he once more settles into the crook of Cas’s thighs, kneeling until he’s higher and can tilt Cas’s head back.
He trails off, but Jack speaks up. “That’s going in to get him,” he finishes, and Sam gives a lame nod as he finally meets Dean’s gaze.
Cas’s eyes are fixed on Dean though, his own smile soft and his arm is wrapped around Dean’s shoulders with his hand pressed against Dean’s right upper arm.
Dean leans over Sam’s shoulder, feeling Jack press up against his other side as he looks over the paper too. It’s a mess of words and diagrams, a large coffee stain leaking down from one of the corners, and Dean stares at it for a long moment as he tries to make sense of it all.
“Do you know why it was my first?” Dean continues as if Sam hasn’t spoken, and Sam’s mouth closes with a snap as he leans back in his chair and starts to tap his fingers on the table top.
Dean sinks down onto the bed, Miracle beside him, and looks around the sparse empty room and feels like absolute
Miracle starts to growl at the same time as Dean hears the sound of people stomping down the bunker stairs, and he lifts his head groggily to blink over the stacks of books around him at the doorway just as Sam comes to halt in it.
Dean thinks of the last few days since he got back from his short trip, all of them spent in his room with only small walks outside instead of the usual treks they try to do, and he winces. “I don’t know if that's exactly what he’s got,” he mutters awkwardly, but Jack just shakes his head as he starts to scratch Miracle behind the ears.
like Cas, but the warped smile and tilted head is something so unlike Cas that it makes Dean’s stomach roll in revulsion.
“I’m sorry I can’t stay longer,” he says a bit abruptly, but he’s looking back at Dean again with that serene smile he’s adopted, like a perfectly constructed mask. “I missed you.”
Finally, he gets to the leads and collars. He steps away from the trolley for this, scrutinising all the different colours and designs. There are leather ones, nylon ones, a couple of chain ones he’s not overly fond of, ones with buckles, and ones with clips, and he notes there’s a fair few with sharp studs on them. There’s even one with a bowtie, but he thinks that’s not gonna happen.
So he takes a step, and then another and another until he’s standing at the door and he pauses because Cas’s blood is on there, the ward drawn carefully where it's stained the door. Dean’s hand trembles as he reaches out and presses his hand flat against it, staring at the contrast of his white hand against the deep red, before he pulls back to settle his hand over his shoulder where he knows there's a matching red handprint staining his jacket.
Dean believes him. Somehow, he believes him. He lets out a shuddering breath and the tension melts from his shoulders. He bows his head as he tries to sort through the mix of emotions heaped in his chest, trying to find some sense to them.
He quickly opens the door and guides the dog upstairs, making a mental note to acquire a collar and lead at some point. The dog is only too happy to bounce around his ankles, although, the moment Dean opens the front door, he doesn’t waste any time in sprinting outside towards the nearest tree.
He looks back briefly, over the balcony, to see Sam standing in the library doorway looking back. He seems torn, like he wants to chase Dean up the stairs and yet let him go at the same time. It makes Dean sigh and shakes his head as his hand grips tight around the handle.
There is the Book of the Damned though, and Rowena’s journals, and book after book of spells and rituals and general abracadabra bullshit. It doesn’t mean there will be something but maybe… maybe it's worth a look.
you him. I can’t make it that easy.” It smirks at Dean, the expression horrid on Billie’s face. “After all, you have just threatened me. I couldn’t possibly let you get away with that.”
“And when you say the ‘other day’, you mean..?” Sam asks and Dean winces in response, causing Sam’s eyes to narrow as he pauses in cleaning the book.
So, Cas did keep it, Dean realises as he turns the case over and over in his hands before cracking open the case to pull out the actual cassette. It’s been half played, the film equal on both reels, and the black plastic has scrapes on it from being pushed in and out of a player. It’d been brand new when Dean had given it to Cas, and it makes something in his chest ache at knowing how much Cas must’ve played it for it to have this much damage.
Everything hurts, everything burns, and in the quietness of the bunker kitchen, Dean Winchester lets himself fall apart.
The last time Dean read a book back to front was when he read The Cat in the Hat to Sam. That was when he was ten and Sam was too worried about Dad not coming back in the three days he’d said he’d be gone for and it was the only thing Dean could do to get his little brother to sleep.
He gives it another go. “Miracle,” he calls, and this time the dog comes towards him, bounding across the ground until he pulls up short just in front of Dean. Dean shakes his head again and reaches out to ruffle the dog’s head. “Miracle it is then.”
“Don’t do that,” he mutters darkly as he scrubs his hands over his face, rubbing the grit from his eyes and kneading his temples against the small headache building there. His heart continues to thud painfully fast and he knows it's going to take time for it to settle down, the shock of the moment still stark.
The question feels like a personal decimation. Dean closes his eyes tightly and shakes his head. “Nothing,” he responds, painfully aware of how small he sounds.
“Dean,” Jack gently interrupts, and Dean feels his entire body scream to a halt, “I’m not coming back home.”
Sam pauses right beside the sink though and holds the bottle of whiskey up at Dean. “This is going down the drain though,” he declares as he twists off the top, and Dean watches in disinterest as Sam pours out the last of its contents. “It's what we agreed, jerk.”
Dean doesn’t know how long he stands in the one place. He lifts his watch and waits, but he’s not surprised to see the hands don’t move once. It like time doesn’t even seem to be a concept here. It’s not like either Cas or Jack talked about their stints here either, nor had Dean wanted to ask, so he doesn’t exactly have much to go on.
“What happened, Dean?” Sam asks behind him, voice a lot quieter and kind, so kind. “What happened with Cas?”
Cas’s gaze is kind and he’s smiling softly, head still titled just to the side. It makes something in Dean’s chest flutter, and he can’t help the slight smile that breaks over his face in return.
The idea of a dog named ‘Zed’ is appealing, but he quirks his head to the side as the dog finds a scent and starts to follow it into the bush. He doesn’t suit that name, and Dean purses his lips. Maybe something a little more… hopeful?
Dean looks at the half-played reel and sighs. It’s this, it’s got to be this. There really is no other alternative.
In saying that, the shower is completely worth it. The room is a little foggy and damp so he’s assuming Sam has already been here, going by the recently used fancy shampoos he always makes fun of him for, but it just means its already warm as he settles under the decently pressured shower and takes a long shuddering breath of relief.
Jack pulls away just the slightest, but it gives Dean enough room to continue to ease him back. Jack frowns though as he drops his hands to his sides. “I can’t stay-”
“I want him back, Sam.” He glances between Eileen and Sam, ignoring the blurriness of his eyes. “I need him back.”
“Be careful.” Sam smiles, fragile and worried but with a strength Dean takes comfort in. “And bring him home.”
Eileen steps up next, the vial of demon blood uncorked and in her hand, and she joins in Sam’s chanting as she tips it up and the blood sloughs out. It turns the liquid a flaming red for a brief moment before it sizzles down to that disgusting black again.
“We’re almost there, Eileen.” He tries to sign along with his words, but he’s barely gotten the grasp of it. “Maybe we can skip today.”
is the first one, and Dean shakes his head slowly as he swallows down the sudden lump in his throat.
Sam sits up, moving off of Jack’s legs as the kid helps him with a push to Sam’s shoulders. They sit side by side and stare up at Dean with matching wide-eyed looks, Sam however more wild-looking than the groggy Jack, and Dean lets out a long huff as he shakes his head and drops his hands to rest on his hips.
He can’t bring himself to go any further around the corner where he knows Cas’s own room is, just on the other side of Jack’s. He can feel his hands shaking where they hang at his sides, and he thinks it's enough, this is all been enough. He hears Sam’s footsteps up the way in the library and he knows he can’t face his brother right now.
, and Dean stumbles into the room to stand at the edge of the bed with legs that feel as if they’re going to collapse any moment. There’s a long silence, just the two watching each other as Dean drinks his fill before he lets out an involuntary rush of air in a shaky breath.
There’s beer in the fridge that’s calling his name, but he forces himself to reach past all the bottles for ingredients for homemade burgers. It's not the alcohol that calls him, but the temporary solace at the bottom of the bottle. Instead, there’s something peacefully methodic in the churning of ground beef beneath his hands as he makes meat patties, pausing to allow Eileen to deposit whatever spices and sauces he gestures at. They don’t speak, just work alongside one another to make their dinner with too much care than the food really deserves. Dean tries to just focus on the spitting of the butter in the pan and the sawing of bread from Eileen as she cuts the buns open, instead of the fear slowly growing inside his chest.
Dean doesn’t know how to feel or what to say, so he stays quiet and ignores the chaos, focusing instead on Cas’s warm hand on his knee as he thinks…
Not that he’d believed him, and Dean swallows thickly as he drops a hand down to rest on Miracle’s head for some comfort. He rolls his shoulders as he tries to work himself up to finally say it, for
It starts to pace, this time with agitation as it circles Dean over and over again. Dean stands his ground though, forcing his feet to remain planted as his skin bristles when the Shadow circles behind him, too close for comfort as he feels the bottom of the trench coat flutter against his calves. He pushes down the fear that’s roaring up his throat, flexing his hands into fists as he tries to keep steady breaths.
. How the hell did he forget about Eileen? How could he be so wrapped up in his own grief that he would just
idea how long its taken to simmer them all down again. Billie has paid very dearly for what she pulled with that Jack boy.”
Because he is doubtful now, the hope that had spurred him on having slowly dwindled away over the last few days, and he doesn’t want to be. It’s exhausting though, exhausting having to encourage Sam and Eileen every time they snap another book shut and put it on the discard pile, exhausting having to encourage
They stay like that until well after those wet tears have subsided, leaving Dean’s neck cool and sticky. Jack’s hands relax where they’re taunt in Dean’s shirt eventually, but he makes no effort to move away, instead pressing his nose into the crook of Dean’s shoulder and leaning almost entirely against him. Dean wonders at the fact he’s holding the literal God in his arms,
But there’s still a call to it, and Dean has managed to ignore it for days as he spends his time flitting only between his room, the bathroom, the kitchen, and brief stints outside with Miracle. None of those paths take him past Cas’s room.
He parks in the garage this time, not willing to leave the impala out in the slowly worsening weather as the rain follows them back from Smith Center. It makes it easier to clear out the contents of the car as well without getting soaked, and Dean carries as much as he can with Miracle circling around his legs, his eyes very much focused on the large bag of kibble on Dean’s shoulder.
“Okay,” Sam says, nodding slowly. “Okay. You need time.” He glances back and gives Dean a tense smile. “I can give you time.”
So he stands from where they’ve all been sitting in a melancholic circle and marches off into the bunker as he throws instructions over his shoulder to start gathering the ingredients and materials for the spell. He makes a beeline for one of the storage rooms on the other side of the kitchen, striding past his room as well as Jack’s and Cas’s, and he makes a note to stop by in the latter's room to look for something for the spell.
, and it’s all Dean needs as he takes an unsteady breath in before he turns back to the door. His hand is trembling as he slowly turns the doorknob, his heart thundering in his chest as he braces himself for what's to come next.
It’s not. Dean sees Cas’s face, tears in his eyes and a blinding smile on his face as he’d tore everything Dean thought himself to be into pieces and replaced it with so much hope and faith and
Dean bares down on him just the slightest, pushing and pushing until Cas melts under him. They fall back against the pillows, their chests pressing together as Cas’s hand starts to move lower and lower, and Dean lets out a shuddering breath as he tugs on Cas’s hair and-
“Shit, kid,” Dean swears, shaking his head before he reaches over and drags Jack in for a hug. “You scared the hell out of me.”
“I didn’t say anything about it being impossible,” Jack continues, seemingly unaware of the sudden chaos raging in Dean as he struggles to process what Jack is saying. “I don’t know a way personally, nor have I found one, but the bunker is large and there’s a great many books here that haven’t been read yet.”
He doesn’t know how much time goes by. Soon he doesn’t feel the cold, soon his mind falls quiet as his hands sit loosely in his lap and he stares at the blank wall. His phone keeps buzzing but it doesn’t register anymore. He’s exhausted, bone-weary in a way he’s never been before in his life.
It’s the first time he’s been in Cas’s room since he’d moved in. Any time they’d spent together had been in the common areas, Dean’s Cave, or Dean’s room, and as Dean steps into the room to look around, he can tell why.
Dean’s heart starts pounding again, fast and furious as he feels the earth become unbalanced under his feet. He reaches back and steadies himself on his chair as his eyes narrow into a tunnel to focus solely on his brother, his throat thick and hard to talk around as he opens his mouth a handful of times before he can finally stutter out some words.
“Not on your archives,” Dean agrees, but he gestures at the books in front of him. “But there’s still all this to go.” He nudges Sam under the table again, making him look up. “Sam,
Dean narrows his eyes. “Except that’s a lie. Both Cas and Jack have come back from here at different times.”
Eventually, Hastings is upon them, buildings sliding past as Dean steers them down the main drag. He pulls to a stop on the quiet road, the impala creaking around them as all the wheels halt. They stay seated for a long moment, the quiet beating down around them until Sam lets out a huff and throws open the passenger door to step out onto the street.
“Show me,” he murmurs. “Here. This intimate part of you that only I see. That only I touch. A gateway to the warmth of your body.” Castiel squeezes the lube onto the fingers of his right hand and then settles lower, braces his left on Dean’s left thigh as he brings his lubed digits to Dean’s hole. He presses one in.
It’s bizarrely easy to fall into this. In some ways, it reminds Dean of when he would comfort Sam after a nightmare when he was younger, much younger, a lifetime away. Dean likes feeling useful. He likes knowing that Cas is at the other end of his reassurances.
, and you. What we’ve been through together, ya know. Must’ve made a call your way during my sob session.”
Castiel turns to grab one of the blue-tipped honey sticks from their jar and hears Dean mutter, “Jesus, Charlie,” behind his back. He snips the top easily with the scissors he uses to cut twine before he turns back and holds the little open stick out through the window.
“Um. Well, I came by earlier this week for some help on the, uh, honey front, and there was a guy here. Uh, dark hair, blue eyes… possibly your brother…” Dean trails off awkwardly.
Castiel sighs. He knew this interaction was inevitable, but he didn’t think it’d be this soon. Perhaps Dean is becoming more emotionally mature. It would be wonderful if it weren’t at Castiel’s expense this time. “Come in, Dean.”
He wraps his arms around Dean’s waist, pressing in as close as he can until he feels something deep settle in him. He lets out a breath he doesn’t need.
Castiel looks at Dean, and for a moment they hold eyes in the quiet of the room. Castiel is the first to turn away, staring unseeingly at the desk in the corner.
“Hard. Right across the face in front of all those people. The only noise in the joint was Sam laughing at me. I thought he was gonna shit himself.”
Castiel is confused by the question, but something burns hot in his stomach with the knowledge that it’s most likely not as random as it sounds. He wonders what Dean’s angle is. “Yes, I was a Commander and devised many of our attacks.”
But, in the same breath, it does seem a little less daunting not having to look into Dean’s eyes while Castiel tries to figure out whatever is happening in his muddled brain.
And there she is, just like Jody said she’d be. Tied up loosely to the sturdy posts at the mouth of the barn is Baby, saddle already spread across her back. Dean walks a little faster and doesn’t even bother going through the building the right way, just hops the fence that’s between him and the black mare.
Finally, Castiel looks at him. Dean is sitting there with his knees pulled up loosely towards his body, one arm slung over them, the other reaching to tear at grass blades almost unconsciously. He’s chewing at his lower lip while he gazes up at Castiel. This is Dean, he thinks. Not Dean Winchester, not A Swan. Hunched in on himself and nervous even as he meets Castiel’s eyes unwaveringly. Something so bare and legible about him like Dean doesn’t even notice that he’s open.
Sam scoffs a disbelieving laugh, eyebrows to his hairline. He looks at Castiel, who can still feel the tears drying on his cheeks, then to Dean. Castiel can’t see Dean’s face from this angle, but whatever Sam observes there makes his surprised smile turn gloomy. In the blink of an eye, his long legs carry him across the room, around the table, to Castiel’s unoccupied side.
Oh god, was Dean real with his bright eyes and fever grin. Castiel had taken one look at him painted robin by the flames and wanted to keep him. Like no one else in town deserved for one second to see how beautiful Dean was. They didn’t see Dean’s beauty the right way. They didn’t appreciate him for his kindness or for the angle of his nose or for the way his eyes looked when they were closed in peace under the light of Castiel’s stall, arm in arm with Charlie.
And there’s that smile, that close-lipped Cas smile that brings the corner up further to one side like maybe he barely knows how to smile at all but the sheer need to show his happiness seeps out into his vessel. Dean loses his breath. It’s enough, for now, to keep reaching out even though he’s terrified of the way his words could be used against him.
No one, Castiel thinks, not just a stranger. No one is ever in my space. No one looks at me or touches me because I am alone. Your touch is not unwelcome, it is simply unheard of.
Dean brushes his teeth, inspecting the stubble on his face and frowning when he realizes he should probably shave today. He spits into the sink and with a sigh, he goes about getting out everything he needs. He slings a towel over his shoulder, and pumps the shaving gel into his hands, rubbing them together to get the gel to foam. He’s just about to start smoothing it onto his face when the sound of footsteps approaching the closed door stops him. There’s a gentle knock, before Cas’s head peaks in.
It starts like that, with the hesitant movements that just barely garner any friction. More of an afterthought of relieving pressure. One of the drags catches Dean’s hipbone off of Castiel’s erection and he can’t stop his own hips from working upwards against it.
. We don’t do love, we don’t do family, we don’t do weakness. In fact, why don’t I go tell Eileen that I can’t hunt with her anymore ‘cause her disability could get me killed? Let me just say, ‘Hey, Eileen, I thought I loved you but that’s just because I was being a pussy, and you’re a liability just by existing because you’re deaf’.”
But… Wait. Cas is as similar to Eileen as… I mean, Dean sorta knew that. He guesses. Kinda. But Cas has a whole dick, like, a massive fucking dick. That’s also not his, it’s Jimmy Novak’s, which Dean doesn’t want to think about because he doesn’t want to fuck Jimmy Novak or think about his massive dick. He wants to fuck Cas. And Cas is an angel… who’s made out of pure stardust, holy wrath, and fantastic head massages. And not testosterone, apparently. “What?... Wait… Huh?”
Castiel miracles a glass of water and hands it to him. It makes Dean’s eyes widen, and he mutters, “Damn angels,” but he still takes the glass in a weakly raised hand and gulps half of it, anyway. Castiel has given up on trying to tell him to drink it slowly.
Sam shrugs and gives a casual scope of the scene around them. “Not too shabby, Eileen and I have just been hanging out, making our pageant rounds, the usual. Beat the crowds here to help Donna set up the benches and finish some last minute stuff. Speaking of which, did you know she hired a sword juggler?”
So he holds his head high and fakes it ‘til he makes it. “‘Course I do, man.” There’s a certain bravado in his voice, but no one calls him on it.
Dean looks at the jar, then at Castiel, then at the wall behind him, before his eyes lock with Castiel’s again.
But it’s Cas saying it as gentle as it is firm, and Dean is so tired. So instead of brushing off Cas’s concern, Dean takes his advice and pulls one of the stools out from underneath the ledge to sit on, facing away from the wall and out towards the openness of the stall. He lets his body sag forward as it takes his weight, closes his eyes against his own exhaustion
He thrusts back in with a wet noise. Dean’s soul blooms, blooms, until its delicate stamen is revealed. And suddenly it all feels fragile again. Castiel will hold him.
“I’m not trying to be nosey, I swear. Just, I know- see, my brother sorta just lost someone and he gets the same way sometimes.” Dean pushes out his lips. “Or maybe I’m makin’ an ass out of myself.”
“Well, I want you to.” Dean starts moving again against Cas’s still body and Cas’s fingers spazz on his waist. “Want you to feel good. Want you to come whenever- whenever you wanna.” He moves even faster now until Cas finally begins to match his rocking. His skin prickles when Cas breathes out a whimper. “Don’t haveta hold out on me, Cas. Not ever.”
Closing the sketchbook in his lap carefully, Dean sets it on his bedside table. For just one second, he lets himself fantasize that Cas is sitting at the foot of his bed looking back at him, soft and mussed and ready to go to sleep. In Dean’s head, Cas lays down beside him.
He clicks open the lid and drizzles lube into his palm before he sets the bottle on the nightstand that he got it from in the first place for safekeeping. Then it’s just him and Cas’s very pretty, very sturdy looking dick. Dean decides not to tease when he wraps his hand around it, transferring the lube in a long upwards stroke. Still, Cas gasps as his eyelashes press down to his flushed cheeks. Until he is so beautiful. Until Dean can’t believe he’s going to have Cas inside of him and he can’t believe Cas isn’t inside of him yet.
Dean’s a little embarrassed at the keen that punches out of him. Cas, however, doesn’t seem to mind in the slightest, because suddenly Cas’s hand is being replaced by his mouth, and a warm tongue plays with the bud. Yeah, Dean’s not gonna survive this one. All he can do is tip his head back and groan, his fingers twisting knots in Cas’s hair that would probably border on painful if Cas wasn’t an angel. “That's- You’-” Dean gasps, only to be cut off by Cas’s mouth moving to his other nipple to repeat the process. When Cas’s teeth scrape against it, Dean’s hips jump off of the bed into the air between them on their own accord. “
Castiel hears the sound of heavy footfalls, and then suddenly there’s a tall man standing in the door frame, who looks between Castiel, the man, and then back to Castiel again. The tall one, Sam, seems to sense the man’s fear because in three long strides he’s standing over the two of them. Castiel notices that both men are dressed similarly in plaid. Weird.
“You… think I’m attractive?” Cas teases softly, and he’s smiling a new smile that Dean has never seen before. It’s like Dean’s stomach finally has permission to feel now, because suddenly it’s turning over and squirming at the look, embarrassingly pleased to have drawn it from the angel.
And Dean knows that she’s already invested. “Because I think I might need to practice first. Also, I need makeup brushes.” He pretends to hold a brush between his fingers to paint his face.
But right now, this is enough. Every new inch forward is enough at the same time that Castiel is greedy for more. In this moment, he wants to memorize the texture of the denim spread around Dean’s hardness. Even through the jeans, the tension is so delicious. Knowing that he is so close.
“Yeah,” Dean’s eyebrows raise appraisingly. “Feels good, Cas. Real good. Like ‘just did your laundry and all of your clothes are clean’ good.” He nods his thanks in Cas’s direction.
“No,” Castiel answers around the food in his mouth. He swallows. “I have memories of hamburgers, but not of eating them. This makes me… very happy.”
He watches how they interact with each other, how they talk and laugh. Castiel remains quiet in the backseat. He has many questions, but he fears that if he voices them that the men will realize he is still with them, and they will send him on his way and head towards their home. Castiel cannot remember whether he has a home or not, even in the sense of a place that has a roof that he can sleep under. Humanity is fragile, that Castiel has had to learn, it is so easy to die. He is afraid.
“Yeah, Cas, yeah. Yeah. You should- you should-” Dean encourages in a voice that is nothing but warm breath.
For a long while, there is silence. Just Castiel and the stream as he plucks at the grass beside his leg. He clears his throat.
The smile on Cas’s face drops back into a frown, and he looks decidedly unhappy about the change in conversation.
At Anna’s words, Cas turns swiftly to face the window, his brow furrowed in confusion. When his eyes lock with Dean’s, his expression shifts and flickers from shock to alarm to a frazzled neutral. It sorta makes Dean feel bad for surprising the guy, but Anna is watching from the sidelines with a barely bitten-back grin.
As if reading his mind, Dean looks back over his shoulder with a teasing grin. His eyes slide up and down Castiel’s body, catching where he’s hard and straining. Dean licks his lips. “You can watch if you want.” His tone is both joking, and not joking at all.
“Unexpected,” he responds, and for some reason it makes Sam laugh. Castiel enjoys Sam’s laughter. He wonders what Dean’s sounds like.
Dean is so goddamn turned on, so in love, pulled in every direction until he is forced into thin transparency that lets that early afternoon sunlight through him.
“You could, though,” Dean says more firmly. “Give me one, I mean. I want people to see. If you- you’re okay with it, I want people to know.”
But he does stare. He stares like he’s drinking in every aspect of Dean’s face. Cas’s eyes are wide and beautiful in the warm, yellow light of the bathroom. They shine when they rove around between his features.
“Beautiful and waiting,” Castiel says softly. “To me, you are a feast. When you’re still like this, it makes it easier to consume you. Your body accepts my grace so readily, Dean, like you were made for it.” He uses his right pointer finger to draw circular patterns in Dean’s pubic hair, pushes more pleasure through it. Dean’s erection bobs and a single drop of precome runs lazily down the side of his shaft. “You’re very close.”
Dean’s hands are shifting again, and he’s pleased when Cas’s eyes stay shut even though they’re not covered anymore. Both hands drift to either side of Cas’s head, playing the hair there before delicately tracing the line of the shells of Cas’s ears.
Behind him, Anna lets out an impressed and surprised sort of giggle at Castiel’s suaveness. He can hear the clinking of jars as she busies herself to give him and Dean some sort of privacy, though Castiel’s aware she’s most likely listening to every word.
Dean turns around to find Sam sitting at the table beside Eileen. There’s an empty seat beside Cas left open for him. He allows himself a second to stare, to be in awe of the sheer completeness of what he is witnessing. The family that’s been built around him. That somehow he had ended up here.
The tears that had been gathering in his eyes roll down his cheeks, catching in the stubble on his jaw, and playing Plinko down onto his neck. They’re wet the same way that summer rain makes women’s hair frizz out, and his skin itches. He’s overwhelmed like the room is spinning, but what else is he supposed to do, when it’s Cas saying this, the one person whose opinion rivals Sam’s in its value to him. What is he supposed to do when someone loves him and means it?
Dean throws his hand up nervously in a ‘whatever’ kind of way and repeats, “I’ve got nowhere to be.”
“Oh,” is all Castiel can think to say. It’s like now that he’s started, he can’t stop, and he can feel the hot paths of tears creeping down his cheeks.
Dean snickers, and to his shock every one of the ten or so people scattered around him turn to him and roll their eyes. “Damn, alright, sorry Cas. Not a joke, got it. Sam and I’ll look into it as soon as I’m up.”
In front of him, Dean makes a triumphant noise, holding a t-shirt and a pair of Cas’s boxers in the air. The t-shirt used to belong to Dean. Then he’s kicking off his shoes, pushing his socks down with either foot while he throws his flannel on the floor. Castiel is both fascinated and perturbed by the dexterity being used. Dean’s t-shirt is next, tossed down unceremoniously with his flannel before Dean pulls the clean t-shirt on. Then, he drops his jeans.
Just like that, the worst of it is over. Drawn back and forth over sharp objects and sharper eyes until eventually, he has settled here. Charlie at his side, Cas waiting to eat dinner with him later tonight, and Finley here in front of him, who is happy for him. Happy that he is happy.
“Freaky isn’t the word I’d use at all. I’m- I think it’s wonderful.” Cas’s expression is so pleased, so quietly and honestly delighted, that Dean finds himself answering with a hesitant smile. “I’d be… very happy to be your mate.”
A merry, good-natured silence settles between them. It feels like the curtains closing slowly and gracefully, like an ending. Dean knows it’s an ending. And if he wants to say something to Cas now, he better fucking say it. He licks at his bottom lip with nerves.
And then they’re in his hair. Blunt fingernails run featherlight across his scalp, and it’s heavenly.
With an impish smile, Dean lets go of Cas to scooch back up the bed and lay his head down on his pillow. All the way over on the right side. He pats the open mattress beside him. “Lose the jacket and get in here, tiger.”
And Cas’s voice is so adoring when he continues, “You seem to be functioning under the incorrect assumption that there is any part of you I would not love.”
“Oh, Dean,” the female voice laughed sarcastically, and Castiel’s gut plummeted. Dean Winchester, and the woman who Castiel now had to assume was Charlie Bradbury based on the conversation the two were having. “So naive.”
When he looks back down Cas is watching him softly, and Dean’s stomach twists. Then Cas’s eyes wander down to where Dean’s phone has been left discarded beside him. He grabs it, carefully unplugs the headphones and sets them on the bedside table before kneeing his way fully onto the bed. “We’ll start it from the beginning, then?”
Then Cas is pulling away just far enough to get Dean’s head under his chin, wrapping one arm across Dean’s back, the other resting fully in Dean’s hair.
Castiel almost expects Dean to pull away, but he doesn’t even twitch, just makes a small noise of acknowledgment in his throat that Castiel can feel vibrate against the hair on the side of his head.
When Dean looks up, Cas is standing to the left of him. What the fuck is he so handsome for? Wearing a pair of Dean’s jeans that are just a hair too long for him and a cream-toned sweater that he’d seen at Walmart while they were out that makes him cuddly like a kitten. Of course, Dean’s always known that Cas is attractive rather objectively, but now he knows it
And Dean knows he said the right thing when Cas’s frightened look morphs into a shy smile. Dean can do this after everything Cas has done for him. Dean can be brave, too.
He stands and moves to the bedside table without an explanation, grabbing the container and unscrewing its lid. Castiel digs his fingers into the sweet, green-smelling gel before he leaves it discarded and open where he found it. When he returns to his original position, Dean looks wholeheartedly confused.
Dean smiles, “Yeah, I’m starting to get that. Listen, is there-” Something in Dean’s periphery must catch his attention because he’s suddenly looking off to his left with an alarmed expression. The dying sun catches his profile and lines the bridge of his nose and Castiel stares into it hungrily while he can. Dean’s eyelashes are silk spider threads turned amber.
Dean knows that he’s staring, but it’s kind of difficult not to. Not when Cas looks so strong, the muscles of his thighs defined from hunting and the V of his hips prominent down to where he’s very obviously hard. He reminds Dean of an ancient Greek warrior, all level-headed, unselfconscious power, which makes a lot of sense given Cas’s background. It makes Dean ache to touch. He wonders how much of the body’s physique is inherited from Jimmy and how much is from Cas inhabiting the vessel after Jimmy left. It’s odd how the lines blur between the Cas that he sees and the Cas that he most likely wouldn’t even be able to comprehend.
Before Dean can even wrap his brain around it all, Cas’s hands are delivering more water to him, another palmful dropped over the top of his head.
The swan shakes out its feathers and sends drops of water flying, landing in little ripples around it. Castiel turns his face up towards the weak sunshine and lets it warm his cheeks. It feels good here, nice to just talk and not have to worry about a response, worry about whether he has the right opinions or the wrong opinions or the entertaining opinions. He eats another slice of his clementine before he continues.
Drawing his hand down across Dean’s stubble until his palm hovers in the air above Dean’s chin, Castiel replaces the spot his thumb had just occupied with his pointer finger. The skin here is air dry.
They are barely even kissing anymore, where they pant around the tongues held loose in each other’s mouths. It’s messy, too. Saliva is smeared onto Cas’s chin while Dean’s body is so warm and heavy, generous with the payoff it provides. Dean is always generous. It is like being surrounded on every side by velvet affection that rushes up on Castiel without complaint, without burden.
“Yes,” Cas finally breaks the silence to say, “I think I can see the appeal. It’s like opening a gift.”
“Dean,” he replies, and he’s sure something past fondness is leaking into his voice. “I didn’t realize you’d be coming through today.”
He passes the bottle down to Cas, their fingers brushing, before he reaches up beside his head and passes down the second pillow as well. “You’re probably gonna need this, too.”
“Dean, what’s wrong?” Cas’s voice is urgent like he’s one minute from gathering Dean into his arms and flying him two states over to keep him safe.
“No-” Dean finally manages- “no, I- uh- I had a bad dream.” He feels stupid saying it, but it seems to soothe Cas’s panic a little bit.
Dean thinks he’s going insane with it, snot and tears and spit on his face. Everything that had been dormant for the last numb weeks suddenly comes out of hibernation, the entire forest bursting to life inside of Dean’s chest and splitting him open. His eyes feel wide, wide and aggravated in full moons against the tears.
His one-man path has received more wear in the last few weeks than it did the entirety of winter. It’s almost reduced to dirt now, with thick wheat and wildflowers growing up around it. Then, further down, the forest swallows it whole. It’s blue and even cooler in the shelter of the trees. Castiel finally lets himself relax. The songbirds provide a melody for the rest of his walk. They’re getting quite good, Castiel can’t help but think, like they are practicing to put on a little performance for him. Keep up the strong work, Mr. Sparrow.
Castiel carefully places the honey butter and his spoon down on the metal cart in the middle of the room. He turns to face the brothers.
Castiel learns that the location of the witches they killed was three hours away from wherever the brothers are usually stationed. This is, apparently, a very short drive for the men, and despite the panic that the memory spell induced at first they seem to be in good spirits.
Drawing his finger up to the outer corner of Dean’s eye, Castiel watches Dean’s soul carefully for signs of distress. When none come, he moves his finger even closer, right to the edge of Dean’s lash line.
And Charlie is wiggling in glee with a soft “Yay!” until the breeze through the alley of the market stalls catches her hair and makes her shiver. It’s not lost on Dean, who seems acutely aware of Charlie’s every move.
And for some unknown reason, that makes Mystery Man smile for the first time since he sat down. Dean might have actually gotten heated over that, except it’s not a mocking smile like he doesn’t believe Dean, like he thinks Dean’s gay and repressed and just needs a dick in his mouth. It’s soft. It’s closed-lipped and almost sort of sad.
“Is it not enough to enjoy something, I wonder? Even if others don’t understand. To be honest with you Linden, I don’t care for all the arbitrary rules that people have. Why can’t I like the work that I do? Why can’t I talk to you out of pleasure? Why is every movement a person makes an ultimatum against something they don’t want? When am I allowed to want something just because I want it?”
“Mmm. You know, Cas… You ran strategy for heaven, didn’t you? Warrior of God, if I’m remembering right, which I am.”
And even though Castiel is squirming and nervous about the thought of being this close to Dean, of being in Dean’s presence for any extended amount of time, he cannot deny how much he enjoys both Eileen and Dean’s company. He thinks that perhaps the game won’t be so bad at all if he has them here to watch it with. So he smiles and accepts her invitation with a “That sounds wonderful,” as he sits in the spot she’s made for him. This close, Castiel can smell the floral perfume she’s wearing.
Dean’s spindling fingers wander to the sides of Cas’s neck and then back to center over the bump of his Adam’s apple. He circles it, drawing patterns out from it like rays of sunshine over Cas’s warm skin.
Even though everyone is relieved of kitchen duty, the three other members of the Bunker stay seated at the now clean table, nursing drinks as Sam explains whatever his show of the week is. From what Dean picks out, it has something to do with architecture.
The dark shadow of the figure moves through the trees until it approaches the opening just above the dip that leads down to the stream. Castiel does not breathe.
“You see,” Castiel pets Dean’s head. The tranquility of his expression makes Castiel’s stomach heat. “In every way, you were made to experience pleasure like this.”
Dean glares at him, but it relaxes to annoyance when he pinches the bridge of his nose between his fingertips. “I’d almost be mad if that wasn’t a move right out of my playbook.” He sighs deeply. “Cas, I’m serious. What’s going on, man?”
Sam’s words make Dean’s bottom lip tremble. He grinds his teeth but the burn in the back of his throat won’t seem to get any better. His eyes falter from Sam’s and he looks away, has to look away.
When Dean opens his eyes, he sees blue. That rich heavenly blue that traps Dean in his place. He’s never seen something so beautiful, the color of Cas’s eyes, and it’s like sinking into the safety of Cas’s grace all over again. Maybe he hadn’t really resurfaced from it at all. Why was he fighting so hard against this again?
When he pulls away to stand fully again beside Charlie, Finley reaches out to pat his arm. “I’m really happy for you, Dean.”
“It feels too good, Cas.” Dean looks over at the angel for the first time since he arrived. “It feels like I’m gonna blink, and it's gonna-
“I believe that it’s time for a nap,” Cas comments as he walks to the edge of his bed and begins untucking the comforter at the top.
“Yeah,” Dean responds with a little more gusto. “Yeah, go ahead and spread the word. I figured maybe you guys could do some of the legwork for me on that so I didn’t have to get the whole kingdom together, ya know?”
His hands are still clumsy and he still fumbles, but he’s gotten better with all the time they spend together now in the kitchen. Sometimes, he even asks Cas to help him practice. Because he’d always liked the girl, but he loves her now. They understand each other, meeting in the middle like complimentary colors, oppositional at first glance but harmonious in their contrast. She’s always the first one to call him on his bullshit, and always the first one to offer him kind words and a hug when he needs it. Eileen had said they were like Sharkboy and Lavagirl.
Sam glances towards Dean and then lets Castiel see as he rolls his eyes. It makes Castiel smile. Then, he leans in to squeeze Castiel’s shoulder reassuringly, and Castiel finds himself saying, “Is it alright if I- I hug you? I enjoyed our hug last night.”
“There has been true violence in his life,” Cas abruptly starts again and opens his eyes. “He is a fighter, a killer, ruthless when he needs to be. His very body is a weapon. But still, there is a part of him that has never known that cruelty.” And then Cas is reaching forward into the space between them, and Dean watches his hand grow closer like it’s in slow-motion. Until Cas’s fingers tap so fragilely against his chest through his thin-worn t-shirt that Dean only knows they’re there from sight and not the sensation of touch. “This muscle in his chest.”
Finley is rosy in the way that you are when you’re young, and her laugh makes Dean smile back tentatively. There is something so normal about this interaction. Dean feels so normal. Like he’s just some guy, and the most impressive thing about him is that he can foreshorten properly.
With the peace of his and Ella’s moment broken, Dean also realizes that about half of the women in the vicinity are staring at him like they’d pay him to get them pregnant. Yeah, Dean knows exactly what Jo meant about being an incubation tube. It’s already an uncomfortable feeling, but having Ella in the middle of it, like she’s some sort of prop for him to show off, makes him nauseous.
. The only thing that pops up about the Empty is a small blurb written by Sam, a quick detailing of what kind of place it is, and Dean sees Sam has used Cas’s words. It’s useless though, so Dean enters the next keyword and the next and skims everything that pops up.
“It’s not just something that connects to Cas though,” he says awkwardly, and Dean feels a swoop in his stomach as he waits for the catch, “but something that represents a strong connection Cas has
them onto the bed in front of him. He stands on wobbly legs, numb from sitting for so long, and he blinks blearily as his other hand naturally draws back into a hard fist.
“Come on, man,” Sam sighs, and Dean hears the sound of his hands moving together. He must be signing something to Eileen as hers leave Dean’s shoulders and he hears a chair scrape across the concrete somewhere on the other side of the table. “I know that Jack said-”
There’s no response, of course not, just the sound of Miracle’s heavy breathing beside him and Dean clears his throat as he shuffles on the bed.
Cas’s eyes flick to his briefly, that stunning blue, and Dean searches them for just a moment before he closes his eyes, starts to lean closer.
It’s been too hard this time, knowing Cas is gone and he’s not coming back. Every other time there had always been that hope, a thought that just
He tries not to think of how neatly it fits to his hand, how it’s weighted perfectly and how it feels like a simple extension of himself when he brings his hand back down to his side. Instead, he thinks about how poetic it will be to use Michael’s blade to bring back Cas, and he grits his teeth as he leaves with it tucked into his belt.
Sam just continues to stare at him for a moment before he turns around and hands the grocery bags he’s holding to Eileen. He signs something at her when his hands are free, Dean catches his name as one of them, and he frowns at his brother’s back as Eileen glances around Sam before nodding and disappearing with Miracle trotting behind her.
Sam stands up, hauling Jack with him as he glances between the two of them. “Yes,” he says, firmly accompanied by a nod. “I mean,” Sam purses his lips for a moment, “I can’t guarantee anything, Dean, but with Jack’s help I think… I think we just might be able to manage it.”
Sam and Eileen continue their conversation behind them, voices talking in half-formed sentences between quick signs that make the conversation impossible to follow without actively watching it. Dean sneaks a glance at Cas, then another, as they wash and dry in silence. He has to keep reminding himself that he finally gets to have this, finally gets to
“I’m happy that I could help, Dean. If anything changes, I trust that you’ll let me know.” This time, Cas speaks with confidence. Maybe this was Cas’s olive branch back.
It’s odd. For as much as Dean intimately knows Cas, he feels like there’s so much to learn that he never bothered to listen for. Most of that is probably Dean’s fault. He’s always been particularly talented in the ‘pushing people away’ aspect of his life. Now, here, where it is safe and warm and there is no looming threat, he watches the dorky little angel.
Something in the trees ahead of him moves. It is big, bigger than a rabbit or a squirrel or even a swan. Castiel’s heart beats wickedly as he ducks back behind the apiary, holding his breath and peering around its corner with wide eyes.
There’s a weird little urge in him that he has a hard time fighting down. It sits awkward in his clammy chest, where it winds him tighter and tighter until he finally gives in. It’s almost too easy with Cas’s neck so close, and Dean raises his hand to press two fingers against the pulse point alongside the column of his throat. One beat, then two, then three. With every thrum, Dean wants to swim in it.
Dean is caught. Dean is spun-tight in a web of spiders that weave him a blanket instead of a trap. Pinned in by Cas’s eyes that know too much, and Dean had been right. ‘Cause this- this- people don’t look like this, don’t talk like this. And Dean doesn’t think he’s ever seen love like that before either. The kind that hurts to observe head-on.
Dean holds his breath. And then she’s actually talking about ASMR, what it is, how it works, and he wiggles happily in his seat. Thirty minutes of sweet, sweet explanation. Dean has this in the bag.
Her voice is like a lullaby, it’s so clear. Dean finds himself sliding down further in his bed until he’s just barely propped up against one of his pillows with another one, the one he thinks of as Cas’s, in his arms and hugged to his chest.
“Either way,” he continues around the bite, “the women were advisors to the Queen, the smartest people in the entire kingdom, of course they used this curse to their advantage. The sorcerer and his followers were stationed on the ground. The Swans had wings. You can guess the outcome. At the end of the day, the sorcerer may have been both pitifully shortsighted and disgustingly sexist, but he was powerful. Nobody could figure out how to fully reverse the spell.”
That seems to be the correct answer to Dean’s probing because his soul sparks like a lighter and a hum comes from deep in his throat.
“Good boy,” Castiel breathes appraisingly, as though it’s something he says all the time and not stemming from some inexplicable urge to reassure Dean at this exact moment. But to Castiel’s shock, Dean’s soul blares like it’s shredding itself to pieces while it turns a ruby red so intense that it refracts. Physically, another sharp pulse of come spills up Dean’s stomach.
“Mmm,” Cas hums to acknowledge Dean’s words even as he doesn’t look up from the book, as though he’s completely absorbed in the section he’s reading. His head tilts.
Sam stoops to hug him from the awkward angle, uses his massive hands to cradle Dean’s head to his chest, and Dean doesn’t cry even though that’s all he feels like doing.
True to his word, Cas doesn’t stop, and slowly, slowly, Dean melts back into the chair and into Cas’s gentle hands. They trace patterns onto his scalp, straying down to linger on Dean’s neck every so often. It flips the overheated engine in Dean’s brain into stasis.
The words force an incredulous laugh out of Dean that cuts short when Cas’s hand travels higher, his other hand joining in to mirror its path. Instead of heading towards his groin, however, they pass up over the hinge where Dean’s thigh meets his waist, a sensitive area almost never seen by the outside world. Not seen by anyone but himself in longer than he’d like to admit.
Dean wonders if the kid brought porn. God, he’s such a bad parent. What was he thinking? Jack is God now and probably knows damn well what Busty Asian Beauties is. Oh, Christ. Did his kid buy him skin mags to make him feel better?
“Cas,” he means to say, but it comes out like a croak. Cas’s hand tightens in his hair and he has to bite back a whine. God, if he thought he was easy before, it’s nothing compared to the way he’s turning into putty under Cas’s touch.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m the worst,” he mumbles back, grinning and pulling her close again. “And I don’t need your help to win, it’s
Castiel takes this as his signal to begin eating as well. When he unwraps the red foil, there is a hamburger inside. He knows what hamburgers are, Castiel has watched the entirety of humanity’s evolution. But he cannot remember if he has tasted one before. It smells rather good, and Castiel brings it slowly to his mouth to take a bite.
Castiel smiles knowingly. “Then I’m glad we both got what we wanted. Because I’m already beginning to see that my enjoyment of this is going to come more from your gratification than my own. I think that part of the appeal of you being in this state is that it allows you to let go so that I can ‘take the reins’. You get so caught up in taking care of me that you don’t focus on yourself. Now, it’s my turn to take care of you. And I’m going to find plenty of pleasure in that. Especially because you can’t stop me.”
“What happened to Jessica is not your fault, Dean. Nothing would have prevented her death, as tragic as it was. Please, understand that and stop blaming yourself.” There is no room for doubt in Cas’s unyielding tone, deep and heating like good, dark roasted coffee. “Not to mention that you are the furthest a person could be from selfish. Sam came with you, and you have your brother now. That is how it is supposed to be. I shouldn’t be telling you this but- but Dean, please hear me. Your father is unharmed, and you will find him. Sam isn’t going to leave you. Understand that there is an end to this loneliness that you feel. Where I am from, you have so many people in your life who love you. Do not forget this.”
“I’m not exactly a nurse, which is a damn shame ‘cause I could do a number in a candy striper.” One of Dean’s eyebrows twitches up suggestively and Castiel forgets to breathe in that second. “Either way, when I used to take care of Sammy growing up, honey always helped with his coughing. But I only had a little bit left over from that Acacia I got from you before, and she went through it already. So,” Dean waves a hand vaguely, “here I am.”
But then, as if the holy choir (or maybe just Jack) was smiling down on him, another, more recent, Gibi video appears with the words ASMR for Beginners large on the thumbnail:
Oh, the shirt is Dean’s, the man with the green eyes and the mesh bag shell. Something that was his, that he gave to Castiel like a gift. Castiel had never received a gift before, he doesn’t think, but he doesn’t know if he’d like anything more than the navy shirt that he’s wearing that he knows Dean used to wear too.
“I refuse to let you pay me for talking about something that I enjoy. If you try to offer me money, I will throw it at you bodily with force that would shock both of us.”
Sam shoots Dean a confused look that Dean brushes off with a shake of his head. Now that Castiel has his memories back, it is much more obvious that the look they exchange is about him. When Dean looks back towards Castiel for an answer, there is something unnervingly perceptive in his eyes. But no, there is no way that he could possibly know.
It takes him multiple moments to string together an explanation for the position he’s in. He lives with the Winchester brothers in their underground bunker. They call him Cas.
It’s only a little bit awkward now, mostly due to the audience that has accumulated. He doesn’t understand how Dean seems to ignore it so easily when it sets Castiel’s teeth on edge.
When the song comes to a close, Castiel presses pause and lays Dean's phone down at his side. They lay wrapped up together in silence until Dean feels cool wetness fall on the stubble on his cheek. When he pulls back in surprise, it’s to find Cas’s eyes red and affectionate, meeting his gaze easily even as there're tears collected in his bottom lashes and in trails down his cheeks.
I wanted to pet it but it ran away so I ran after it because i-it looked really soft and I wanted to pet it really bad. But it ran so-so fast, I didn't know it could run so fast, and I lost- I lost the kitty and my mama.”
This time, Dean responds, “‘Cause it’s not really something people do, Cas. This is an extenuating circumstance.”
“Hello,” Dean replies in light of Cas’s earlier comment. It doesn't feel like enough, but he can’t get his lips to form around the words he actually wants to say, not yet anyway.
The man lets out a long breath and closes his eyes in what looks like relief, his eyebrows pinching upwards as he draws a hand down the bottom half of his face. When he opens his eyes to look at Castiel again, they’re angry. “Don’t fucking do that, Cas.”
But for now, it’s Tuesday, and even though the storm may be building in the air it's yet to arrive. So Dean won’t think about it.
The corner of Cas’s mouth twitches. “While that sounds wonderful, this is… I enjoy the feeling of your hands. Knowing that they’re your hands.” He doesn’t say anything else, but Dean thinks he understands.
“You like watching my sleep,” Dean prompts with this smug little tone that makes Castiel want to hide all of his socks.
“Isn't it fascinating?” Cas brightens even further, the same way he did the last time that Dean came to the stall and Cas had explained the nuances of honey to him in the first place. It makes Dean want to be in his orbit so badly. That something so raw and honest exists out here in this world, Cas’s soft delight, and Dean didn’t even know about it until now.
Cas plunges into the same sickly green color that he had that night at the orchard. The change is so sudden that Dean jerks his hand back in surprise. “Dude! What the hell?”
And just like that, all of Dean’s bravado buffers out of him into something blushing when he stutters, “Uh- Well- Yeah, ‘course. ‘Course I do.” Then, more softly, “Yeah.”
Dean smiles on instinct but it’s watered down, his brain still hitching over Cas’s bright and embarrassed eyes. How the sight of that face had made Dean’s wings fluff out as if to say
They’ve only done it once or twice since the first time they shacked up, but Cas doesn’t seem surprised by the request. His fingertips are as lazy as ever through Dean’s hair.
Sam rolls his eyes, but continues happily, “So what I’m thinking is that we’re gonna need snacks and alcohol for our listening party tonight.”
Dean wants to say something to crack the tension because Cas is seriously just staring at him and his boner, but the words die on his lips like even they can sense the shift in emotions in the room. So Dean lays still, watches Cas watch him, and waits for an explanation for the change of pace.
When Castiel doesn’t seem particularly reassured, Dean huffs and rolls his eyes, mostly to cover his nerves, and sits back on his heels again. The clock that’s been counting down to this moment has finally run out, and Dean is almost grateful for it. “I guess now is probably a good time to have this talk, anyway.”
“Mmm, yes, I believe that’s the phrase,” Cas teases as he pulls away from Dean’s hold to move further down Dean’s body. Very suddenly, he licks a broad stroke across Dean’s right nipple.
“I don’t know what to do. Cas- I’m so- I can’t find my dad and Sammy’s fucking girlfriend just died- and I- and I- can’t fix it. It’s my fault. He shoulda been there with her! He shoulda been there with her and I took him ‘cause I’m a selfish bastard! Cas, Cas, there’s no one. It’s so hard. I’m alone. And Sammy isn’t gonna stay. He’s gonna go back to school and leave me with Dad, and I don’t- fuck, Castiel, I don’t know what to do!”
Castiel finds himself smiling. For Charlie? he wants to ask, but doesn’t. “It sounds like you’re a good friend. I’m sure she’ll appreciate the gesture.”
His feet take him to the shooting range, a room he hasn’t been in in over a month and a half. He doesn’t even think he’s picked up a gun since that fateful day by the lake.
On the next press, he lines his middle digit up with his index and moves both of them together into Dean’s mouth. It’s so heated. It’s so intimate. Knowing that Dean cannot do anything but lie there and take it. Castiel pulls out, pushes back in, again, until the rhythm resembles intercourse more than anything else.
“Finley,” he agrees in what he hopes is a reassuring tone as he presses his charcoal back down onto the paper. “I’m Dean. It’s nice to meet you.” He feels a little stupid saying it because he knows Finley knows who he is, but he’s been trying to be a little bit more proactive about introducing himself since the name thing happened with Cas that one evening that Charlie had been sick. Because Cas had kinda had a point, and also maybe it’s just as rude for Dean to assume all of these people know him as it is for them to assume they know him right back.
Now, Cas’s voice is determined. He is very beautiful and strong. Dean shakes out his wings as he eagerly awaits Cas’s next words.
“It seems as though you’re feeling alright. I’m sure this is a strange sensation. But don’t worry, I know you’re still in there.” He smiles when Dean’s soul turns a buttery yellow. “And that you were excited for this as well, so try to enjoy it. I think the best way to do that is to yield to your body. It’s easy to want to resist when something impedes you. I swear, it becomes a challenge to you Winchesters. But this time it’s not about resistance, quite the opposite.”
Of course, Cas has never been one to follow the status quo. And so his stall light is easy to spot in the night’s new darkness.
Dean might need to sit back down again, actually. He swipes at the bottom of his face and closes his eyes. “She’s nuts. She’s actually batshit, looney-bin central. Sister record to
. I only make my world-famous cinnamon pancakes with that bowl because they always taste better. This is an indisputable fact. There’s something special about that ceramic bowl, and it makes my pancakes delicious. I’m not one to question the pancake gods when they smile down on me.”
“When you sleep… you look so helpless.” His gut rolls and shrivels and shudders. “I look at you laying there and I want to do things to you while you’re still relaxed and too tired to resist. Or- or- where you can’t resist at all. I imagine parting your lips with my fingers and pressing in- and you let me. And you like it. You let me handle you when you’re vulnerable, because you know that I would never hurt you, and every part of you is ready for me. I could do anything I wanted, and you’d let me.”
He doesn’t want to wake up Sam and Eileen this early, even though he knows they’d assure him that it isn’t a big deal. And maybe it wouldn’t be, where Eileen would get up and make him a cup of tea while he and Sam sat in quiet company in the living room. But Dean doesn’t think he could handle their sympathy, even as well-intentioned as it may be. For now, alone is better.
“It’s okay, Dean.” His gravel voice in Dean’s ear is a lullaby. “It’s alright. It’s alright. You’re going to be okay.” Then, astonished, “Oh, Dean.”
A mortified puff of air escapes Dean’s lips. “I didn’t- I wasn’t- You-” he gives up with a sigh as he hangs his head. “It’s a nice sweater.”
And Dean, well, Dean has this spark in his eye at Castiel’s words, and he tilts his head to the side in a way that makes Castiel feel not only seen but observed. His skin prickles from it.
Still, the loud voices two tables behind him also make him invisible. No one is watching the lone guy on the second to last stool of the bar huddled up in his leather jacket shell taking pulls from a beer. He might as well be the wallpaper, and that anonymity is almost worth the chance of there being a bar fight over Louisiana State losing.
“There’s no way,” he deadpans more to himself than to Castiel. Before Castiel can even attempt to lean further out of the stall window to see what Dean is so shocked by, Dean calls, “Charlie, what in
Biting down a laugh, Dean says, “It’s my wing. I got two of ‘em,” he flares both of them for her to see, “but I hide them most of the time. I was hiding them the last time I saw you.”
“I’ve been trying to reach you every night since I was expelled. This is the first time I’ve gotten through all the way.” Now Cas sounds annoyed again. It’s weird to hear his fed-up tone as a woman.
Those same apple orchard tears are building up again. Too big, too big. Emotions that Dean doesn’t know how to break down and deal with even though he feels them anyway.
“I mean, even if I thought it was ten levels of bizarre, I wouldn’t dog on you if you liked it,” Dean says seriously, because he needs Cas to get it. Dean knows he can be a dick, can be immature, and take shit too far, but he’s working on it. He wants to be better, especially for Cas.
But Mystery Man doesn’t really seem to give a shit about the come-on and Dean can’t blame him when the lady has a laugh like that, no matter how cute she is. “Any whiskey is fine. No ice. Please.”
And, as Dean had suspected, it’s another reprieve song. A soothing, breakfast-cooking tune for the background of living. Dean thinks he’ll revisit this one often.
Cas’s hands flit down Dean’s body until they re-establish their hold on his hips. Even the rocking has stopped now, as they press together in stillness, nothing more than touching. Cas’s thumbs rub circles on his hip bones.
“I can still smell your aftershave,” he rumbles, looking thoroughly pleased. Then, his eyebrows knit together. “My stomach feels… odd.”
Dean’s not sure why Anna looks so confused and amused at the same time, but she says, “I’m sorry, Cas is out at one of the apiaries right now. It’ll be a while before he’s back. Most likely late this afternoon.” When Dean frowns, she continues, “Or he’ll be in the stall tomorrow morning. Cas is a little bit of an early riser, I guess you could call it.”
“Dean,” Castiel reprimands in the voice that used to silence the man in an instant all of those years ago. It still works, because Dean quiets with a cowed expression on his face even as his pupils dilate.
“I kept thinking about it. You said that everything that I did was for love. You said that I raised Sam and saved the world for love.” Dean swallows. “But you were part of that love, too, Cas. You just left yourself out of the equation like it didn’t even matter. But the things that we’ve been through together… the things that I’ve done for you, those were for love.”
This time, Dean doesn’t try to deepen the kiss, his hands just tighten around Castiel’s hips. In some ways, it is so chaste it is barely a kiss at all, like two children pretending to be married. In so many other ways, though, who needs tongues and clicking teeth when there has never been anything as intimate as the mutual touching of mouths, all of those unprotected nerve endings bared but together.
“Right,” Dean huffs and deflates into something more serious, more genuine. “But I trust you, dude. That’s the point of all of this, right?” And he is looking up at Castiel with big eyes that betray every terrible thing that Dean Winchester has seen in his life. It makes Castiel’s grace swoop and burn brighter like some protective omen. Nothing, he vows, will happen to this man if Castiel has something to say about it.
“Would you have listened?” Cas replies, and Dean feels his jaw set because he knows it’s true even though he wishes it weren’t. “I understood why you avoided talking about your time in Hell, and it felt wrong of me to try to mention it to you.”
Dean startles on his stool when Mystery Man speaks up again in that ashtray voice. “I apologize, I didn’t mean to… ‘look at you like that’.” He quotes Dean’s own words back to him haltingly, with sincerity, and it makes Dean frown. “I was taken by surprise. You remind me of someone I know.”
“Take this clementine, for example. If I were very hungry, I could imagine what it might taste like, how it might fill my stomach. That is not the same as holding one in my hand and eating it.” He scoffs at himself as he finally pulls one of the orange pieces from the whole and brings it to his mouth. “I say this, once again, in hypocritical fashion, as most days I do nothing other than imagine clementines I will never eat.”
“One, two, three!” Dean throws himself bodily to the side, naked limbs flailing while he pretends that the fake momentum of their broken kiss is forcing him to stumble along. All the way to the water’s edge. Where he promptly throws himself into the lazy stream with a splash. It’s only about four feet deep where he’s landed, so that when he stands the water is lapping gently at his chest. He squints up at Castiel. “Aw, man, I left my boxers up there. Will you throw ‘em to me?”
“Yeah, I know,” she shrugs. Then she pushes at his shoulder. “Now go. You’re getting all antsy and it’s hard to watch.”
It’s difficult for Castiel to wrap his head around the fact that he is getting exactly what he wanted. That the hot spark in his stomach that had felt so wrong only a week ago is now something that he can actively indulge in.
, tomorrow night, once I’ve been fully acclimated, we can all gather around and hold hands while we listen as a family.”
Dean stares up at Cas’s ceiling above him where a crack sprouts out from the wood trim. His dick twitches. “You’re gonna kill me. You’re actually gonna kill me.”
And Dean thinks he might know exactly where this is going, wouldn’t be able to bite back the smile threatening to crack his face in half if he wanted to.
Sam pulls a phone out of his pocket, clicks around on the screen a few times before the ringing of an outgoing call sounds through the room. He holds the phone out between him and Dean. Then, the sound of a muffled ruffling followed by a chiming voice with a Scottish accent.
“Not that you’re biased at all,” Dean mutters beside her before looking at Castiel with equally expectant eyes.
He stares down at the orb with disbelief as he runs an unsteady hand across it. And again- oh, again- that feeling of something that can’t be anything other than- It builds on itself in overlapping layers that go from transparent to translucent to opaque until that outside feeling is impenetrable by light. Matte and solid and aching.
And sure enough, when Dean closes the glossy pages the back cover is just bold, serif text displaying numbers. He mumbles them out loud to himself as he reads them and tries to sear them into his memory.
shit. It looks like Sam coming in sweaty after his run and Eileen looking at him playfully while she says, “Butterflies,” and fluttering her fingers. It looks like Cas agreeing to watch another Western with Dean even though he rolls his eyes, with Dean replying, “That’s no way to treat the man who gives your butterflies.” It looks like a tipsy Eileen standing in front of the TV that’s playing Finding Nemo, facing them and signing along to every word straight-faced as if she’s a White House interpreter, and Sam jokingly saying, “Butterflies, man.” It looks like Castiel’s annoyed expression when Dean pushes his freezing cold fingers up the back of Cas’s shirt while Cas groans, “This gives me the opposite of The Butterflies, Dean. You are a nuisance.”
Dean’s smirking, but the weight of the moments just before seem to hang heavy over both of them. For a stretch, there’s silence.
Dean hums, shifts, a machine with gears that turn and click. His hip pops to the side as he puts his weight onto his right leg. “Breakfast for dinner. Nothing cures the Bad Case Blues like eating food for the wrong meal.” He moves with the same coiled precision as he did earlier in the day when cleaning up the mess of the witches, and it’s fascinating to observe how it translates into the flipping and plating of pancakes. There is bacon, too, in a separate skillet that Dean isn’t currently paying attention to.
“Well, I just assume it would be hard to be. People are constantly… injecting themselves into their business. As I’m sure you’ve witnessed in your time here, for whatever reason, the people of this town seem to think themselves entitled to the Swans’ every movement. With the way the residents act, you would think the Swans personally asked to be put on display in the center square or to be treated like a Sunday horse race. Everyone knows their names. It must be unnerving to interact with a stranger and be aware that they already know everything about you.” Castiel chews his bread thoughtfully. “But still, they are all as kind as ever. If nothing else, I have remarkable respect for that.”
Castiel stands beside Dean in center square. The fire pit in the middle of the open area has been cleaned, the ash and soot shoveled out for the month, until the next fire occurs and creates a new mess. Dean’s wings take up a large portion of the air space between the restaurants and bars here. No one is around.
“Yeah, hey, I just wanted to thank you for the honey suggestion… for the cake. I made a practice like you said, and it turned out awesome.”
Sam is such a little dickhead. He’s so obviously biting back laughter, but Cas seems none the wiser. He’s staring at Dean now, curiosity in those big, blue eyes as he waits for a response. It would be so easy to lie, but Dean’s really trying to stop with the pretending thing, and he knows sometimes all it takes is Cas looking at him the right way to make his stomach a fluttery mess. He also thinks that lying might actually crush Cas and it’s not worth it just to save himself from Sam’s teasing.
When he glances up, he almost expects to find someone like Mr. Davis, a little too eager to strike up a conversation that Dean can’t get out of because he got cornered into it. Instead, he comes face to face with a young girl who’s maybe just into her later teens. She’s staring at his sketchbook but she jolts when she realizes he’s looking at her.
“When I had thought, for all those years, of what it might be like for us to be together, I could never have imagined this.”
If kissing the little moon had been coming home, kissing Cas like this feels precious. As fragile as beating moth wings fluttering around Cas’s light, paper-thin yet impossibly able to stay afloat in the air. And when the warm, damp insides of their bottom lips brush, Dean thinks he wouldn’t mind being that moth at all.
He presses his lips together and tries to collect himself. Focuses on the feel of Dean’s soft hair between his fingers. “Shhh,” he hushes even as his own voice shakes and his own hands tremble. “Sh-shhh, Dean. It’s just me. It’s Castiel. There’s no reason to worry at all. Go- go back to sleep now.”
Dean gnaws on his bottom lip. “It’s-” he starts, but he cuts himself off with a sigh. He needs a minute to sit and think while he still has Cas here, so he plops his ass down right there in the morning wet grass. Some of that cold moisture seeps into the denim seat of his jeans as he shifts around. “It’s weird to see you like this. Outside of Jimmy’s body.”
God, Dean feels himself choking up all over again. “It’s been a while for me, too, man.” When Cas continues to look at him nervously, he feels a protectiveness surge under his skin, and he swallows down his own anxieties because he can do this, for Cas. “But, I mean, we can go at whatever pace we want, right? Do this however we want. That’s what free will is all about.”
Now, it's Cas’s turn to frown. “It doesn’t specify in the book, but I would assume it’s derived from the Latin term for shoulder.”
, “of brown sugar, B-R-O-W-N S-U-G-A-R. Brown sugar is the game-changer, remember that Castiel. Brown sugar.”
The flowers in him grow up into his throat and he never wants Cas to stop looking at him like maybe he is worth more than being ordered around or being a parent to Sammy or being some girl’s one-night stand.
“My siblings see my loneliness as something that needs to be cured because it is socially unacceptable. Personally, I don’t want to be lonely, because, frankly, it feels terrible. I would very much like someone to talk to, to share things with, to hold. I don’t want those things because I should, I want them because I want them. My brother and sister seem to think that I need to date because dating is something that people my age do. If you are not, it’s because something’s wrong with you. And they don’t like the idea of something being wrong with me.”
Dean’s not sure if Cas actually read his mind or if he’s just making an astute observation because of how well he knows Dean, but Dean doesn’t have the heart to question it or deny it.
He licks his lips nervously and they taste like honey. “Lovely Cas,” he replies, and he means it even as he feels a little bit stupid because Cas has always been better at words than he has.
“Interrupt what?” and they both know he’s playing stupid. Dean wonders why he even bothers anymore. “Whatever. Doesn’t matter. It’s fine. What’s up?”
“I’ve thought about doing this for a long time,” Cas sighs into his skin. “I would watch you when you were drinking a beer. Your head would tip back, and your throat would bob. I wanted to bite it.”
“Uh, good! Yeah, good- good day. Doing things… talkin’ to people.” Dean keeps giving Castiel these glances before his eyes dart away again, like he can’t look at Castiel fully. In fact, they continue to rove around the inside of the stall with great intent as if Dean’s never seen any of it before. In front of him, his fingers twiddle.
“We were going to tell you eventually, but we didn’t want to hurt your feelings,” Eileen says through a grin.
So he keeps sipping at his Budweiser and lets its residue cool his palm. There’s a football game on the TV over the bar, and every once in a while a sloppy group of men cheer at it, yell heckles. It makes tension crawl along Dean’s shoulders, loud voices like that. The type of men to get rowdy in a second, to look at each other the wrong way and suddenly be throwing punches without warning. And then Dean feels obligated to get into the middle of it, especially if a waitress is involved in trying to break it up, and it’s always a goddamn mess.
“Yes, I suppose that’s them,” Cas says slowly, as if he is not shattering the very last of an illusion Dean has clung to. He doesn’t know what to say. His mouth opens just for him to shut it again. What do you even say to that?
Dean actually whimpers, his eyes snapping shut, and his legs shuffling uselessly. “Yeah,” he pants, and then Cas’s hand is moving faster, collecting precome at the top of the movement and bringing it back down again. “Yeah, yeah, yeah,” and it grows in pitch, in volume, through a clenched jaw.
Castiel can do nothing but gawk, stunned speechless as Dean shoots him a cocky grin and stands before holding his hand out to help haul Castiel up as well. Cas finds his legs a little weak, from the orgasm or from Dean he can’t be sure. He stares down at where Dean is still holding his hand, and Dean must notice because he interlocks their fingers before giving Cas’s arm a tug towards the stream. “C’mon, I can already feel the come drying.”
And then Castiel turns and walks as calmly as he can out of the kitchen even though he feels like running.
With that, Sam turns around and makes his way back through the doorway into the kitchen where he came from.
“So all this is ‘cause it’s me then? That’s what the issue is? If it were anyone else it wouldn’t be a problem, but it turns out local sweetheart Dean Winchester is a fuck-up perv.”
Dean’s back is towards Castiel as he rummages through the drawer, which is helpful because Castiel feels suddenly nervous at the prospect of stripping for Dean. He had never had any issues with nudity before, but maybe the human mindset about the bashfulness of the naked body has been rubbing off on him. Maybe it’s just because it’s Dean who’s going to see him naked.
“Seems like he’s doing just fine to me,” Finley says, and they both watch as one of the townspeople approaches Charlie and begins talking to her. Cas’s arm is still wrapped tightly around her shoulders. He seems to be observing Charlie’s interaction quietly. It’s hard to tell from the distance, but it looks like there’s a small smile playing on his face.
“Which parts of ‘I love you’ and ‘I think you’re wonderful’ have you failed to comprehend in their entirety? This is your decision, Dean. There is nothing more to it than that. I am happy just to be with you, or did I not make that clear enough by coming in my pants?” This earns Castiel a shocked laugh. “So if you decided that you would like me to cover you in hickeys so that you could parade naked through center square, I would happily oblige you.”
The way Dean’s mouth forms around the word honey, the way it comes out in that voice that’s trying to sound more mature, older than it is, is both alluring and off-putting. Castiel thinks back to the softness of Dean’s voice the night of the bonfire and he can only find traces of it now.
Dean hums in affirmation. “Needed a few things. To be honest, I just didn’t feel like facing the crowds today. Most times I can ignore it, but…” he shakes his head, pushes his lips out, “I’m honestly feeling a little cranky right now.” He smirks playfully even as he says it like he is admitting something to Castiel. It warms up inside of him for some odd reason. It makes him feel trusted.
“Dry ingredients: Done, D-O-N-E. Now we focus on the wet ingredients. We need a separate bowl to mix them, like I said, I have no idea why. I will say, though, the hard part is over. The wet ingredients are a little easier.
Both hands now, palms cupped underneath Cas. Dean doesn’t know if he’s ever truly been in awe of something in a way that doesn’t involve being terrified for his life. But here in his bedroom, he feels awe, the reverent kind that blooms carefully into a fuller understanding of exactly what Dean is holding, both in the objective and subjective: of cradling an angel, more importantly, of cradling Cas. The hidden Christmas of him that seeps into Dean’s skin and creates little pockets of winter in Dean’s hands.
That makes Dean relax minutely beside him. He exhales long and slow. “But it does something for you.”
He wants to be defensive. He wants to feel angry because anger is familiar and easy. He wishes he wanted to tell Sam to mind his own fucking business.
Dean’s soul squirms hungrily at the intrusion while he coos at the ceiling. And Castiel can feel it, that easy, chilled sort of pleasure that transfers between him and Dean in a feedback loop. It’s light like a spring breeze, but so much deeper, so much more satisfying where it shivers and fills every pore with heady affection that makes Dean’s erection twitch.
Okay. Dean needs to lay down. He settles onto his back in the dew-damp grass between trees, so that the wetness under him seeps to his scalp between his hair. He stares up at the navy sky that holds the stars. There’s no moon out, or maybe Dean just can’t see it from the angle he’s at. Just stars. Just stars. The moon is in his stomach. Dean puts his hand over it again.
It’s easier to remember how to do this than Dean had thought it’d be, two years or so from the last time he let a dude fuck him. But the mechanics haven’t changed at all, and he lets out a deep exhale until his body melts down into Cas’s bed. With it, the tip of Cas’s finger pushes inside. It’s slow going, but it’s also sorta nice; To be here, to be taken care of by Cas. And just as Cas had promised, his touching is very careful. He talks to Dean through it, too, words of reassurance and when Cas is going to add another finger. For a long drawn-out moment, Dean feels like he’d be content to do this for hours. Until Cas presses against his prostate.
“Not quite,” Castiel says like he’s not feeling the effects of the touch the way that Dean is. “It was odd in the way that dreams can be, where the understanding is more important than the reality.”
When Castiel cracks it open, Dean is standing expectantly on the other side. Castiel hurries him in with a gesture of his hand and closes the door behind them.
Castiel clears his throat. “Yes, I- I woke earlier and was confused, but I fell back to sleep rather quickly.”
“You are so docile for me, letting me take and give whatever I please. But you have no choice. You have no choice but to feel good. And you do. Feeling good is not a chore. Pleasure is without flaw, without draw-back, and there is no reason to fight it.” Castiel licks his lips. “I’m going to make you come now, Dean.”
Dean barks a disbelieving laugh and shakes his head. “I wouldn’t even know how… how to… I don’t know,” he admits. Across the fire, Cas is listening to Charlie speak with such earnesty on his face, and he is lovely. Dean thinks he is so lovely. “I’m afraid to mess it up. And I wouldn’t want to drag him into all of this, ya know? All the Swan stuff.”
Dean balls up his ruined boxers in his hand and uses them to wipe his front clean. They drop to the floor, and then Dean is pulling on Castiel’s boxers, hiding all of that soft skin. He rounds to face Castiel again.
Like this, on the water, he feels closer to Mom. Those cursed genetics in him that make this moment possible were in her once, and now they are in Dean. He carries her with him.
Dean shakes his head and then he leans in. His left hand comes to join his right underneath Cas’s jaw, and he uses the leverage to angle Cas’s mouth just right for him.
Dean laughs to cover up the way the comment makes his chest weirdly tight. “Sam’s really that bad in the bedroom, huh?”
And Dean wonders if maybe he got this whole thing backwards. Maybe Cas doesn’t have fewer hangups, he’s just a lot braver than Dean is.
“I don’t care if there’s something wrong with me, as long as I am still me while I am wrong. As long as I am lonely because I’m lonely. As long as I am happy because I’m happy.”
And then he holds up an unsteady hand clutching at his phone and begins to read, “I’m elated to tell you that my 9th studio album,
And the vacuum of the lazy moment is uncorked so quickly that the air rushes in to compress him, crush him, suffocate and kill him. There’s too much oxygen and there’s not enough of it.
Dean swipes a hand over his mouth, shutting his eyes for a long beat. He opens them and gives Castiel a stern look. “You scared the shit out of me, you know that?” But there’s no real heat behind his furrowed eyebrows or his words.
“Tell me, Cas.” It’s a command at the same time that it’s a request, dying and gentle embers from Dean’s lips.
Perhaps the swan Castiel is looking at now is the exact same one that his brother had abducted a year ago.
Somehow, Dean knows that picture is gonna find its way onto the refrigerator, and keep showing up after he takes it down. He’s not all that mad about it. When Eileen’s done, Dean shoves Sam away playfully. “We still having that listening party tonight, then?”
“Well, he’s definitely still Cas,” Dean mumbles under his breath. Then, more loudly and meant for Castiel to hear, “Tell me what you remember about this morning.”
Dean is so goddamn fond of this guy. Really actually fond, as he says, “This is cool, Cas,” and he means it, ‘cause it is cool. And because it’s proof that Cas was thinking of him, wanted to do something that makes Dean happy. Not just do it in the first place, but share it.
If Castiel does not let his love out, surely it will destroy him. He pulls at Dean’s left hand until it releases from the sketchbook, and then Castiel brings it to his mouth. Very slowly, very carefully, he kisses the rise of each of Dean’s knuckles. He kisses his love into them. He presses and presses until these big, delicate hands skilled with charcoal and sign language and comforting lost little girls are imbued with Castiel’s crushing adoration. Let them be marked as cherished. Let them know their worth.
“I’m glad it was you,” Dean admits because he’s already naked and what does he have to lose? “Knowing what I know now about those dicks with wings, it’s kinda a miracle that it ended up bein’ you in the first place.”
And goddamnit. Dean is blushing into the roots of his hair when he turns back to the ceiling so he doesn’t have to meet Cas’s eyes as he says, “I- um- cleaned up a little bit before I came over. Just in case.”
Wetting his lips with his tongue, Castiel inches his hand down past his waistband in the cover of the darkness of his room. No one will know if he… His fingers wrap around his erection while he thinks about the wet luminous liquid that had seeped from Dean’s skin. Castiel’s hips ease up into the tunnel that his fists make. A gasp escapes him.
Another pause, before Charlie hoots, “I can’t believe you got that! Dean messes that one up every single time, it’s my secret weapon. Don’t tell him that though.”
“It is,” she replies firmly and shoves at his shoulder until he stumbles into motion again. “Once it’s over, you’ll be happy you did it, and then you won't ever have to do it again.”
And then there is dampness on the bow of Castiel’s top lip, that drips into his mouth and tastes of lysozyme. There is no doubt what the substance is, and Castiel kisses at it even as more of it comes.
Quietly, Castiel retrieves the jar from the fridge, a spoon from the drawer, and cracks the lid open. He has a spoonful of the butter halfway to his mouth when Dean appears rumpled in the doorway.
They sit in companionable silence as she watches him shade in the shadows at Cas and Charlie’s backs.
It makes Dean wonder if he should just turn in. There’s a perfectly good if not musty-ass motel room waiting for him, Sam lounging on one of the twin beds with his Gigantor legs in front of him and a newspaper in hand while he looks for their next case. Dean could always make his way back for the night after this beer is finished off, maybe even help out on the case front. Or just bitch at Sam for a little bit and then go to bed.
It feels like he’s been waiting his whole life for this moment. Like nothing was true about his purpose in the grand plan before this. In a lot of ways, with Chuck’s meddling writing, it really wasn’t. But this. Dean could believe that he was made for this. Made to take Cas inside of him. It finally feels close enough, and Dean would be purring if he could.
“This is new, the- the desire. Or maybe it’s always been there and I only just noticed it now.” He frowns and tries to work himself up to the daunting task of continuing to speak. “I was thinking about how peaceful you looked while I was watching you. I liked the idea of you being well-rested, the way that you deserve, and that you… I know the difficulty you have with sleeping. And I was struck by how fortunate I am that you trust me enough to sleep while I’m here. Especially knowing that I won’t be sleeping alongside you, that I’m conscious the whole time you’re not. Suddenly… I- I just wanted.”
plays while Sam and Eileen sway back and forth together in each other’s arms, Eileen standing on Sam’s feet.
Dean looks at him, and his face softens. “Cas,” he says again more kindly. His fingers reach out across the foot or so between them until Dean is holding thoughtfully onto the hem of Cas’s shirt, toying with it. Locking his eyes with Castiel’s, Dean begins to raise his hands slowly, lifting the fabric of Castiel’s shirt with them, knuckles grazing against his stomach. He’s watching Castiel’s expression the entire time with a focus that Cas can’t look away from.
“Yeah, I bet,” Sam gives a jolly sort of chuckle that warms Castiel in a different way. There’s a fondness that seems to have bloomed overnight from the experience for Sam, how he took Castiel’s curse in stride and helped him feel slightly more like a whole person.
Miracle is gone for quite a while though and when Dean hears him coming back in the room, he looks up to see he’s brought a bit of company back with him.
It takes a moment for Jack to hug him back, his arms awkwardly hovering over Dean’s side before they settle gently on his back. Dean doesn’t pull away for a long moment, half of him desperate to force back all that emotion that had been bleeding out while the other half is genuinely ecstatic to see their kid again.
Sam rubs his back before he leans away, letting Dean go. Dean misses the comfort almost immediately but bites back on the urge to curl back into his brother, instead leaning back against his pillows. He scrubs his hands over his face, vigorous enough to try and snap himself out of this melancholic feeling he has, before he drops them into his lap and sighs.
It worked. Somehow, it worked, and the desperation Dean has felt for so long is just overwhelming as it slowly gives way to a calming realisation that it’s over, it’s all over.
There’s a whole isle dedicated to pet gear, and Dean cruises down it carefully. It takes a few minutes of weighing up all the different types of dog food before he settles on a chicken and rice kibble, specifically the largest bag he can find of it. He throws in a handful of different types of treats, some chew sticks that look like they’ll be good for Miracle’s teeth, and two large stone bowls that won’t be easy to move around the kitchen when he’s eating or drinking.
it, wishes the floor could numb his mind as well. He wishes he could just close his eyes and when he opens them again everything is reversed and instead of staring at an empty
, and you force yourself back down into that small box and pretend like its comfortable.” He lets out a jagged breath. “You push away anything that could change the facade you’ve created and hope that no cracks show.”
Dean to the last, and Dean has to wrap his arms around his stomach as he rocks forward on the log and ignores the burning of his eyes.
It’s a break away from the press of books now, of reading until his eyes cross and his brain aches. Sam and Eileen helping make the process of tearing through each book and scroll in the bunker easier, but the steady pace they’ve set over the last few days has dwindled now they’ve reached books that need the most translating or decoding. It's frustratingly slow work, but they persist nonetheless.
There’s not much in Lebanon itself, so Dean drives straight through the centre of town and out the other side, turning to head to Smith Center instead.
The strange peace he’d found himself in outside stops short though when he sees Sam sitting at the table, head in one hand and a steaming cup of coffee held tightly in the other.
With a flourish, Sam slices at the air. The blade hits an invisible snag, and Sam reaches up to grab the handle with his other hand before he lets out a grunt and
His eyes are burning as the tears spill onto his face, scalding hot as they trail down his cheeks. There’s a loud keening noise and takes him a while to realise it's coming from him, that the wounded animal in the kitchen is
Dean nods his head. “When will she be here?” Sam doesn’t answer straight away though, and Dean frowns. “Sam?”
until Dean had taken the blade and stabbed it in the book and he’d threatened Cas, said he’d kill him if he tried again and then he’d become a demon so soon then there was Death and the end with Sam but then not because there was suddenly Amara and God and Mom and Jack and apocalypse after apocalypse and on and on it went until now.
was what had caused him to stand in the doorway of the library with determination lacing out over the top of his shoulders, and it's also the reason he’s currently sitting in the middle of said chaotic library with his eyes ready to beat out his head from reading and a half-eaten sandwich on top of one of the most priceless journals they have in this entire bunker.
