“He never wanted kids, did he ever tell you that?” she asked him with watery eyes. “He told me when I was younger, said ‘being an uncle was enough for him’ when I asked about getting cousins. And then life threw us all a curve ball and he ended up stuck with me.”
“I don’t know. Dad’s still technically a foster parent, right? Maybe she could stay with us for a bit?”
“Did I tell you guys about that?” Jo interrupted him, turning to her parents. “He told me if one of you died then he’d happily be my step-dad. He said he’d take either one of you.” Tony and Steve shared a look before bursting out laughing.
“Yes please,” the teen replied quickly, earning a laugh from the billionaire. He stood from the bed and turned to offer his hand to his daughter. He didn’t say anything as she held his arm on the short walk, only smiling.
“I don’t know I didn’t measure it…” Buck said as he trailed off, watching in amazement as he also considered this being the first time they were ever alone together. He’d never spent much time with Clint, but he was starting to wonder if he should change that. “Since when have you been so observant?”
"Guess you'll just have to wait to find out," Tony said before kissing his mate.
you do not contact that two faced tramp who sat back and watched you get your ass kicked.” That had her stopping in her tracks. It took him a moment to realize, rolling his eyes as he walked back to her.
“Suzanne!” Bucky snapped as Andy looked back at the other teen in shock. “That’s not why he’s here. Alright. That’s it. Go away. All three of you. Go watch TV,” James said as he herded the three out of the kitchen.
“Jasmine,” Tony said with a smirk as the image popped into the super soldier’s mind.
“Are you going?” Daci asked her father. She wouldn’t mind him going, especially since Harley had been clingy with Tony all morning.
his partner. He needs a girlfriend,” she huffed back at him, making Steve purse his lips to keep from laughing aloud. She was awfully cute and totally reminded him of a young Buck.
“Is everything okay Tony?” she asked him in concern, following him to the living room.
“He’ll be home soon, sweetheart. I talked to him about half an hour ago, I promise he’s okay,” he said in assurance as he comforted her. “In the meantime, do you wanna keep me company till he comes home?”
“Papa look! Check out my Wonder Woman toy Uncle Rhodey brought! And Morgan has a new stuffed animal,” Peter said excitedly, climbing out of Tony’s lap to run over to Steve. They spent the next hour going through all the toys and taking away the foam axes - Steve’s rule, unfortunately.
When the elevator doors dinged open, Tony once again took control and shoved Steve back into his entrance-way. They continued kissing as they also began taking off each other’s close, Steve only now realizing how badly he’d wanted this.
“So she’s…Bucky’s kid?” Steve nodded in response, taking a breath to explain.
“Next time I’ll chase you and give you a heads start, okay?” she said to a sleepy Hulk. She waved at her aunt who waved back before heading towards the elevator. On her uncles’ floor, she found her parents in the kitchen.
She reread the passage a few times, really absorbing the words. “Emerson?” she had asked quietly, never having heard of him. Wendy noticed her question, glancing behind her to look at the paper.
“You…read the situation right. I didn’t come down here to get free coffee or to try to lead you on or anything. I…” here he lost his words again. Why on Earth his brain couldn’t catch up to his heart was beyond frustrating.
"Yes I am!" he heard his son exclaim in defense.
“Oh, you wanna be smart right now? Is that what you really wanna do?” he said as he raised his hands to rest on his hips.
“–don’t say go back to sleep! Come on, help me make the kiddos a snack,” Buck said as he climbed off him and pulled the blanket back in one swift move. Steve blinked several times in response, contemplating just turning over before his brother grabbed his arm and dragged him to stand up and follow him into the kitchen.
“Tell Grandpa I threw up at school, Daddy. Maybe you can come home earlier.” Steve couldn’t help smiling at hearing the Omega chuckling through the phone.
He DID NOT have a crush on Daredevil.
…wouldn’t hurt to read her a few books.
“How could I? ‘Hey you don’t remember me but we hooked up a few times’...”
As he approached the table Obie stood up to greet him, which was also when the owner of the pink jacket made her way into view.
“I’m straight, Clint,” Bucky answered quickly, “sorry. Also you should probably-”
Steve wasn’t technically inexperienced in the bedroom, it had just been a while. Like…’ten years’ been a while. Like he’s only had the one partner in college who was equally inexperienced. He did, however, teach Steve how to give a pretty good blow job.
“Fine, by the bleachers after school; I didn’t realize you wanted your ass kicked that badly,” she sneered at the blonde. Another set of ‘ooh’s made their way around the group, before immediately being cut off by a passing teacher. Who also happened to be her English teacher.
"Good, way less gross then you two are," he teased as he made his way over to join them on the couch.
“W-what about -” he began before she interrupted him, a startling feeling stirring in his stomach at the thought of the archer.
“We should go, I promised Emerson she could help me make breakfast.” Steve sat up and got off the bed, righting his clothes as Tony stared at him. “Whatever you say…Pops,” Tony replied while wiggling his eyebrows. Steve rolled his eyes before leaning down to steal one more kiss from the brunette. “Come on, our kid is waiting,” Steve said while helping the brunette detangle from the bed.
“Can you
“Third time’s a charm,” he whispered in encouragement, glad to finally hear a chuckle from the teen. She turned to rest her cheek on his shoulder as he waited her out.
“When can I see Father again, Daddy? We need to build the dinosaur robot together!”
The next day at school, she was beyond relieved to have her
“What’s her name, again?” he heard his Pops ask.
“No you’re not,” red devil said nonchalantly as Miles sputtered back at him. The childish side of him wanted to web the man up, and maybe it would serve this pompous ass right. “You may have his abilities but you’re not the original Spiderman,” the man added before the teen could demonstrate his abilities.
He sat still another moment in silence until he heard a familiar voice.
“Jarvis do a full scan of the mansion.”
STEVE
He stole a glance at his husband, seeing him smile and silently watch them, before turning back to their son.
. Which is limited to boiling water. Which I have also seen you somehow manage to set on fire..."
“I...it’s not that I don’t want to meet the kid. And it’s not that...I haven’t necessarily forgiven Kimberly...I just...it feels like going means invalidating what happened to me. And I know it shouldn’t...I know even with all those years of therapy and medication I should be-”
“Well,” Steve said, not wanting to push him any further, “he’s pretty great. What um, what’s the new thing you’re working on?” Steve asked as he motioned to the thing in front of Tony. When the brunette looked up at him again, his eyes looked manic.
“I was buzzed, first of all, and I drove my friend
“Goldilocks, huh? I love that story,” Bucky praised his toddler as she turned to beam at him. She stuck her thumb in her mouth, waiting expectantly for Steve to begin.
“Oh, Stephen with a ‘ph’?” she asked.
“On your knees, Stevie. Let’s make it a fair fight,” his Pappy quipped as he leaned down to whisper something into Harley’s ear. The Alpha complied with a skeptical brow, suddenly doubting the idea of letting the two know each other.
“Make sure he puts out if you’re the one paying,” she called back loudly.
“Those fucking bitches! I can’t believe this! Give me their names I will ruin their pathetic lives before it’s even started. They have NO IDEA –”
"Not anymore you don't!" his love called with his back turned as he walked the laughing traitor with him. Tony grumbled before following, telling himself he was doing this for his girl. His girl who was probably going to break his hand.
“Laugh it up, buttercup. You’ll be whistling a different tune when you see the presents I got you.” His Dad wiggled his eyebrows as his Pop, who rolled his eyes at the implication.
“Still can’t believe you’ve been drugging me all this time. And with kale of all things!” his man said in fake offense, evident by the man’s blush.
He withdrew his hand and grabbed hers to feel the same spot again.
Their kids both hung their heads, not looking directly at the angry parents. Bruce looked at the fathers, a hint of disappointment on his face.
“How was school, kiddos?” Happy asked from the front seat as he drove them back to the Tower.
“I like her,” the Russian offered.
“Steve...can we have chips with the sandwiches?” He sighed internally, hoping to avoid putting any chips out since his little ones sucked them up like vacuum cleaners. But grabbed a bag regardless, putting some on a plate for Daci while tucking the rest away.
EMERSON
“Buck knew I was gay, didn’t he?” Judging by her erupting in laughter, he would say his suspicions were confirmed.
“Well, to be fair, it was true when I was little, but not now, you see
“Oh wow, I’m surprised he actually talked about me. Even to his…lover,” Joey said teasingly as Steve shot another glare her way.
” The man’s tone and use of the word ‘love’ calmed Steve’s nerves, going so far as to fill the blonde with a sense of warmth. Especially at hearing the ‘L’ word in regards to Tony.
PETER
“They reminded me that I used to sell myself, saying this wasn’t any different. One asked who participated in my orgy and wanted details. I was so shocked and…hurt…that I just grabbed my stuff and left. I called Happy who gave me a ride back here.”
“I’m sorry, should I be putting on a song and dance for this?” she snapped back at him.
“Sounds good!” she agreed happily, helping him carry the food and napkins to the living room. There was a pile of books on the coffee table, which made the smile on Daci’s face grow. “That’s more than one book.”
“Not sure, I’m deciding between Pocahontas and Merida.”
“Wait,
“However,” he said more seriously, “should Stone be given the right ammunition…” Steve’s brows furrowed as he considered that.
“Yeah,” Steve whispered, “let’s put that off as long as possible,” he said as he snuggled more into Tony – who couldn’t help chuckle at that.
She didn’t mean to flinch, but the glass removal and thorough cleaning
“…about which part?” he heard Tony ask skeptically. Steve finally made eye contact again, taking another deep breath before continuing.
"You don't want to open the others?" Steve asked as Pepper was already clearing space on the table for the giant cake.
“You having heart surgery is scarier,” the boy said before tightening his hold on the genius.
Not many people in his circle got up as early as he did. He used to get up at four, but having three kids added a layer of exhaustion that required an additional hour of sleep. Then again, he was still the only super soldier on the team. Though that may change with Bucky back in his life.
“Anthony, why would you want me to cheat on you?” he asked in a more serious tone. His husband finally turned around but wouldn’t look Steve in the eye.
The sensation that followed was indescribable. Tony felt the bond wash over him as well as something warm and satisfying settling in his chest. He could feel Steve’s happiness course through him too, the two looking at each other and wearing the same matching smile.
She grabbed a throw-blanket from the closet before making an executive decision. Before she could talk herself out of it, she flapped the blanket in the air before settling herself down on her Pop’s lap. Who, thankfully, didn’t say a word, just helped her spread the blanket out before wrapping his arms around her. He rested his chin on her head, still waiting.
After dancing with his incredibly handsome husband a few times and schmoozing the donors, they finally got to sneak away to do the dirty. When they came back, Tony had a few drinks under his husband’s supervision.
“That’s true,” Steve said as he stood up off the couch. “I’m going with you guys tonight, let me pack a bag and I’ll go to Tony’s after.”
“Jeez you two are quite the team, aren’t you?” she sassed at him.
“You passed?” Daci asked, demeanor changing as she suddenly remembered her father’s evaluation happened today. As he nodded his head yes, she ran over to jump into his arms. He lifted her up into a hug, adding a kiss to her cheek that immediately squashed her previous anger. “Congrats Tati.”
“I’m…Miles. Peter right?” their youngest said to their not-current-eldest as he extended his hand in greeting. Peter, ever the social butterfly, returned the gesture before beginning to tell his new friend all of his favorite things.
“Joey, can you put that down for a second?” he asked, still standing near the door. She looked up at him skeptically, placing the paper down as she turned her attention to him.
“I’m not and I doubt she would care. She dumped me two days ago. I’ve decided that I’m going stag for prom, get to dance with more people that way.”
“There’s something else, Steve,” he said extracting himself once again from the sexy man below him. Steve’s hands moved to rub up and down his thighs for support as he waited for Tony to continue, the super soldier’s eyebrows furrowed in concern.
“…it’s all very complicated, sweetheart,” the imposter began with a small chuckle.
She considered that for a moment, wondering if she could ever feel the same way. Wondering if her dads would still think of her the same way…if they even wanted to still be her parents.
“Well the last few are...you know,” the blonde said as Tony turned to a particularly raunchy drawing of Tony naked on his back, legs spread in invitation.
Baby cries suddenly filled the house, Peter most likely upset by sensing his parent’s sadness.
“Anyway, your suit can wait. Why don’t we get off this plane, huh?” his Dad said – honestly a horrible actor. Peter suddenly remembered his Pop confessing they did something else for him. He excitedly followed his Dad off the plane to see what was waiting for him.
Tony found it adorable.
The beautiful creature she saw the last time she visited SI.
“It’s illegal to
They were practicing in silence for a few minutes when the ceiling robot suddenly spoke up.
“Look, I’m fucking sorry, okay? My father works for Stone–”
“Love you too, baby,” she said in a shaky voice, adding a kiss to his cheek before pulling back. “So do you need a minute and want to find out after dinner or do you want to help me with dinner and conspire against your father while also helping your boyfriend?”
“So...how are you holding up?” Tony was startled by the question and nearly poured scalding hot milk on himself.
“Did you forget they live streamed the official first meeting of the accords? I watched you guys argue and bicker like kids over stuff that isn’t worth it. What you two have – I’ve never seen anything like it. And while I’ve come to find your impromptu make-out and/or groping sessions often embarrassing and gross, I’ve never seen the kind of love…never thought something like that was possible.” Steve was suddenly feeling very guilty and confused, moving himself to sit directly next to his sad child.
“Don’t do that,” Bucky interrupted with renewed anger and hurt. Tears formed in his eyes and he had to clear his throat before continuing. “Don’t belittle what we had as some fucked up friends with benefits. I remember, Clint. I remember
While the other handed Tony a...Polaroid.
he was reading his mind a little.
PETER
“-Alright, shut up. Just stop talking,” Buck interrupted him, waving his hands and stepping over to the offended blonde. “Steve are you really apologizing for not paying attention to me...when you mother was in a coma?”
“Samantha was an innocent baby! She was a sweet angel that didn’t deserve you as parents!” she screamed-sobbed.
"Thor!" the super soldier exclaimed to get his attention, throwing his hands up in the air in exasperation. The taller blonde looked quizzically back to the father before smiling at seeing both men.
“Steve did you know Father can speak seven languages? You can only speak two, right? Did you know that Father has met two princes!! He’s even on the list to go to space! Father says he’s from a long line of rich Alphas, and that the richest Alphas are the most powerful! Your Pop doesn’t come from money, right? That’s why you joined the Army?”
“Peter?” she asked quietly as he flicked the lights on, mouth gaped open. He quickly whirled around to look at his sister. They stared at each other for a moment longer before either spoke.
to hear your juicy details,” the blonde said in a low voice; his pupils dilated and hiding his blues.
"I do, my math is never wrong. You'll age baby it'll just take you a little longer is all. Also you have a grey hair on the back of your head," he said with a smile as the blonde blinked several times in response. "Turn around handsome, I'll snap a picture to prove it," the genius offered. Steve turned his head around and leaned back so Tony could get a better look.
“You, call the police and report assault!”
FLASHBACK
“She’s hiding in the hallway closet. According to JARVIS, she woke up first and hid and hasn’t moved since. Nat’s with her now trying to talk her out,” Barnes said sadly as Peter then reached out to be held by his uncle. Tony obliged for maybe the first time ever before turning to his husband in concern.
If he could go back in time and smack his younger self for not wanting kids, he totally would.
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll pick you up later punk.”
For charges of drunk driving.
“Hey – you just said I was going to be fine, now you want me to be an invalid?” Tony asked teasingly. His love rolled his eyes before leaning down to kiss Tony, then moved to gently get off the bed to stand.
?” Harley asked angrily, putting down the Batman and Superman he’d been playing with.
“You’re right, my bad,” Alexis admitted before she kicked Joey hard…in the crotch. Joey crumbled to the ground as the group let her go, holding herself protectively as she sat in shock that this hurt so badly.
“Yes and some of us don’t drink anymore,” Tony said as he grabbed another slice.
“I was there, Bucky was definitely the cute one,” Clint purred, getting Steve to throw the pillow right back at his brother when he blushed at his mate.
Peter and Miles had picked out a traditional Wakandan outfit, giggling as their Dad took pictures of them. All of this was wonderful, but it really nagged the genius that he couldn't figure out what had happened between Steve and Barnes. His husband had been acting weird since they were initially alone together and was avoiding Tony to explain why, further evident when he and his daughter veered off to look at the art gallery near the shopping center.
“Greetings friends!” the man bellowed when he noticed the pair join them, startling Harley who was in his arms.
“Kimberly seems genuine. You are not obligated and she makes a point to let you know she isn’t pressuring you. That at least shows recognition of her actions. She could have attempted to guilt trip you with your half-sister...but you want to know what I think, Emerson? I think she’s happy and wants to know you’re happy. It is simple, my little sister, if you want to go, go. And if the thought makes you uncomfortable, don’t. This isn’t an all or nothing situation. If you don’t go to the wedding, you have her contact information, you can reach out to her should you change your mind about meeting your sister.”
And if it turned out that at the very least…she might get a maternal pen-pal out of all of this…well that wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world.
With a hand wave, Bucky led the two into what appeared to be the control room, assessing there were four others to take down in addition to her. He looked over at his oldest friend, who nodded before kicking the door down in one motion. Bucky raised his gun, the two making quick work of the other agents before leaving the blonde liar for last.
“Uh huh,” their daughter said, inching even closer as the fathers shared a look and scooted back to give them room.
“I’m sure you do,” Tony said as Steve’s face once again burned. “What made you want to do that, by the way?” He took a breath and was thankful for the change in topic.
"That means Max will come back home?" Emerson eyes rolled as she felt a soft hand clasp into hers. She turned and smiled at her love, leaning into the kiss as she was distracted from her little brother's betrayal.
“Yes, but to be fair it was because I was tired of Bucky and wanted a little sister.”
“I do apologize, Emerson.”
“You wear that little purple number and you’ve got yourself a deal,” the blonde said as he rolled the two so they were spooning on the bed, grinding himself against his husband’s ass to show him just how excited he was at the prospect.
“Hey Pops, could you get me some more orange juice?” Steve smiled at his eldest before obliging his request. Emerson put her fork down that she had just picked up, leaning her head on one propped-up arm and using her other to drum her fingers against the table.
When the little girl settled against her chest, not without smacking her aunt once with her floatie, the girls watched as the boys alternated between cheering Leo on and dunking each other.
She nodded before reaching up to plant a small kiss on his cheek. A little embarrassed, she quickly buried her head back into his chest, smiling when his chest rumbled with laughter.
And what a noise that was.
“No, you stupid handsome man.
“Bye jerk!” his awful best friend yelled back, getting a smile and an eye roll from the brunette as he shut the door and put down the giggly toddler.
Like one night when Cheryl kissed the top of his head without thinking, as they sat together playing chutes and ladders. The blonde teen froze in place before quietly excusing himself to step out on their back porch.
“Right, whatever,” Clint fumbled, second guessing this entire plan.
The momentum knocked him back and flat on his ass, feeling blood come out as his nose was once again assaulted - by the cologne this time. He tried desperately to swing his arms to get rid of the smell, but the suit prevented him from moving.
“Anything?” Buck shook his head no as a horrible feeling settled in his stomach. “You think someone took them both?”
He hadn’t thought about his mom in while, and that alone made him feel guilty. Because fuck was she an amazing woman.
Steve, in his thirty years of living, has never left Bucky’s shadow. He hesitated adopting her in the beginning, not wanting her to think he was trying to replace his brother. He never ended up doing it, thinking he never measured up to Bucky as a parent. Always introduced himself as her uncle, though he always internally thought of her as his kid.
“Tony, this is my Pop, Sarah Rogers and my Ma, George Barnes. Ma, Pop, this is my...partner Tony and his son, Harley.”
There was a weird smell she couldn’t identify when she opened the door, calling to the two to see where they were. They called back to her from their balcony, welcoming her to join them and watch the sunset.
“She’s going to be one hell of a teenager,” Bucky said with a smile.
"...But, you're not an assassin?" he says, unable to dodge the swat the archer gave him, but not really caring to do so.
"¿Porque no los dos?" Tony replied, before pulling her in for another hug.
“They’re keeping Peter company,” Bruce replied as he helped Rhodey move a side table to display the food more easily.
“What do I…I don’t even know what to say to her…” he confessed looking into those beautiful brown eyes. Tony simply smiled at him, reaching to grab the blonde’s hand and intertwining their fingers together.
“Babe? Come on open up.”
“Sir, your husband is asking if it’s safe to come back up?” Tony continued smiling at that.
“Was this before or after the ass whooping?”
And then everything changed. His body literally pushed the metal out in order to heal itself. He felt a tinglyness coarse throughout his body until he felt himself slip into unconsciousness again.
“Is Peter coming to dinner?” he asked with concerned.
"Emerson," he said when he looked directly into her green eyes, "when's the last time you took your meds?" She swallowed before answering timidly.
“Was it cause of us?” the brunette asked.
“Hmm,” his genius hummed as he walked past Steve holding the door for him, “guess I’ll just have to come up with a creative punishment then.”
Dammit, she hadn’t even thought of that. She knows her issues with dichotomy and didn’t consider just seeing her after the wedding. No pressure to put on a show in public with strangers. That thought relaxed her, hating herself for not thinking of that instead of going through a mental episode.
“Well, actually Dr. Strange told me to go home and get a good night’s rest. He said Tony will be totally fine, but he would still be knocked out from the anesthesia and to just come back first thing tomorrow. So we have a few hours before either him or Peter will wake up,” he said, double checking his watch to see the time.
Without even thinking, Clint dropped the bag and immediately took the pup from Bucky’s arms, holding the sweet thing to his chest.
She couldn’t help the chuckle that escaped, knowing just how serious he was being but unable to suppress the laugh from his statement.
“I did,” Steve responded with a knowing smile. Peter looked up at his father, realization kicking in. Why Steve had been the one to talk to Peter about Wade.
“Daddy! I got your favorite, mint chocolate chip!” Harley cried out, face covered in chocolate as his godfather trailed behind.
“Harley, did you have a bad dream about your Daddy?” she asked the toddler, face breaking into a smile when both Tony and Harley turned to her in surprise. “Sometimes when I have a bad dream about my Tati, I don’t want him out of my sight for a while. Make sure he’s safe.” Her focus was on Harley but she could see Tony smile out of the corner of her eye.
“No, no,” she started to say as she sat down on the bed next to him. She had momentarily forgotten that wasn’t possible yet, jumping up in pain as she let out a yelp.
“What I mean is, that’s not something you,
“So she just sat back and watched you get your ass kicked? That’s worse!” Steve said incredulously before sighing heavily.
Not exactly a coming out party, but better than getting beaten.
“I don’t know if I’m up for talking,” she said with a sigh as she pulled back, smiling to herself at knowing this man too well. “But we could make cookies and you can tell me about what’s happening at the foundation.” It was a cheap trick to get cookie dough, but she didn’t care. She pulled out the bottom lip when his brows furrowed, smiling brightly when the man instantly caved.
“And I’m not squishing him anymore,” Clint said in his defense, squeezing his brother’s ribs harder for a few more seconds before eventually releasing him. “But I’m allowed to squish you cause you almost died, you asshole.”
Emerson considered telling the boys about the tiny life jackets in the shed, but decided she’d rather watch them suffer.
,” she quietly exclaimed before she quickly walked out of the room.
“Absolutely. I am and always will be your Papa, my sweet baby bear,” Steve choked out, squeezing the boy until he giggled in protest. “Alright, let’s get you back inside. Your Daddy was worried about you.”
“Why didn’t you tell me about seeing Carolyn last week?”
"Kinda scary how much she's like me, isn't it?" his love asked, reading his mind as he leaned up to kiss Steve. The blonde easily returned the affection, handing the mini Iron Man over to Tony so Steve could keep cooking. The brunette laughed at his youngest while he rested him on his hip, enjoying his pajamas a
“Okay,” Leo agreed quietly, almost so quiet the two of them couldn’t hear. Her father, even in his old age, still heard the boy and immediately pulled him into his arms.
“I was waiting for Peter to go to bed! Dammit
She could feel her hair blow in the breeze, tickling her cheek as she felt a smile spread across her face.
“Can we do something nice for Daddy? To cheer him up?” Steve couldn’t stop himself if he tried, picking that sweet kid up and hugging him tight before responding.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ya snooze ya lose, old man.”
“- I’m infertile, Tony,” Steve interrupted his ramblings, letting out a shaky breath after the confession.
“Daci,” he said to himself, aware she wouldn’t know him in this moment.
“Yeah come on, Stevie. Let me tag you in,” Bucky said with a smile as he crawled over to where Steve was standing, tapping the blonde’s shoulder and slipping out of the ring. Steve was prepared to excuse himself, still not fully on Harley’s good side when the pup surprised him by speaking up.
“Seriously?!” she asked, laughing and squirming from her new height. He walked the two to the living room, planning on tossing her onto the couch.
“Did you hear?” he asked the blonde, not acknowledging the other people in the room as he waited for his oldest friend to give him vindication. Maybe have him convince Fury to hire her back.
“Both, but after…I don’t know, we had a really good talk. Like, we ended up talking for hours and…I think it went really well, actually. ”
! Instead of flaunting around with that-”
STEVE
“Yes, J. Tell him it’s safe,” he said with a smile as he again fiddled with his tablet while he waited for his love. A minute later he heard the elevator ding followed by heavy footsteps approaching him in the living room. He glanced up and frowned at the sight before him.
“– TO WHAT STEVE? You want me to listen to you explain the reasons why you’d choose your macho save-the-world bullshit over your family, why you’d choose him over us?” Tony spit those words out like fire. He knew he would regret this, knew his insecurities were playing a part, but his heart hurt too much to stop.
“– Tony!” Steve snapped, shaking his head ‘no’ before turning to Emerson. “I’m so sorry you went through that sweetheart. I’m proud of you for not responding in anger and for coming straight home. What can we do?”
“She insulted my dads, both of them,” she said as she faced him, looking more and more like Bucky as she got older.
“Better,” she replied honestly as she sipped her cup.
“I said I’ll be Prince Charming,” he said quietly, a small blush appearing as he turned his focus back to the tablet. Steve looked around at his wonderful family, beginning to turn to his room when he remembered what his husband had said.
She looked at him a moment longer, sadness taking over her knowing she couldn’t actually tell them.
…” She erupted in to more sobs, unable to stop the onslaught.
“I...they said I could never have kids…”
Making Tony fall that much more in love with him.
"I'm just kidding, Emerson. You know you're my favorite sister," the boy said as he climbed up on a stool to sit next to her; a smile on her face as she helped spot him.
“Tony I really don’t want anyone else to see that picture.”
“Oh...where’d you get Grace from?” she asked, rolling her name around in her head.
She reminds him of a baby koala bear, curling in on herself like that. It hurt the father, knowing his kid was in such pain with guilt. She probably felt incredibly horrible for lying to them about Peter and sneaking out! The parents were going to have to convince her that she was still loved while also implementing some kind of punishment. They all sat in silence a moment longer before she spoke.
“Yeah!” Peter said excitedly.
“Yes, but you’re not freaking out at the prospect of being responsible for not one but TWO kids? Your life is about to change drastically to being a full time parent with two pups. And me!” Tony hadn’t meant to say that last part out loud, but his brain become kind of stupid when he was pregnant.
That’s not to say he didn’t start dating again. He just didn’t necessarily think he’d find a father for Harley. A few lasted long enough to meet Harley, but most backed away when they realized Tony came with extra baggage.
” They then heard the sounds of roars echoing throughout the tower as her Tati came rushing back into the living room with a crying Morgan in his arms.
“What are you doing up here, Clint?” Coulson asked, crossing his arms over his chest.
“I’ll apologize to Pop,” she interrupted.
“You don’t know that!”
“Well regardless, Harley pay attention to the bonding part of having siblings...not the getting into trouble part.”
did to you?” he said seriously as Joey found herself laughing before curling up into his neck.
“No, Steeb. Lissen, lissen,” she said waving her hands at him.
.” He mock glared at her, trying not to consider how right she was.
An alarm sounded that startled the group, scaring Morgan a little who began crying at the sound.
“Jerk.” With that, Bucky quickly made his way back to his floor as the guilt started to resurface. Jesus had he really said those things to his own kid? That she was the reason he wasn’t happy?
“Clint, stop. Okay? Maybe
She won, again.
Waiting with a bouquet of star-gazer lilies was Wade, in a simple suit not hiding behind any fake mustaches. Peter saw Emerson walk by him, giving him the two fingers pointing back and forth to let him know she’s “watching him.” His Pop walked by with his Dad a moment later, Pop having to help him walk the rest of the way. His Pop clapped Wade’s shoulder as they passed him and Peter finally walked up to Wade.
“Love you handsome,” Tony sleepily whispered.
But unfortunately, it also meant talking to her tonight. When he was already incredibly exhausted and just wanted to curl up with his husband.
A thought suddenly came to mind, and his curiosity got the better of him.
he thought to himself,
of this fucking Alpha.
“And if you need heart surgery, we’ll get through that together too, okay?” he asked with a smile as he again leaned toward the genius. They were interrupted from performing any PDA by a loud audible gasp.
The blonde smiled at the thought of his family, especially at the wiggle worm on his lap who was purposefully making it more difficult to dress him in pajamas – typically to make his time with his Papa last longer. Which Steve didn’t necessarily mind.
"Butternut squash soup," he said with a smile as he grabbed a knife and started slicing off the bread. "How's it been dealing with sick children?" Peter smiled at him, knowing exactly who Wade was talking about.
.” They were interrupted by Joey making her presence known as she walked directly to smell the sauce. Steve stood in front of the pot and raised his brows at her.
“Daci Daci! Come see the lions!” Peter called out to her, making Daci spin around to see him waving over to her. She ran the few feet and stood next to Peter, staring in awe at the big cats.
He had taken note when she inched towards him when talking to the other adults. Noticing how much more comfortable she was talking to someone in uniform when he was in the room versus when he wasn’t. He offered her quips and jokes throughout the day, hoping she was recognizing the non-threatening nature of his home. He also couldn’t help the smile when she finally laid down on the couch, looking at peace with his presence and closing her eyes. Just as exhausted as he was. He took that opportunity to begin looking over the files her case worker had sent him.
“JARVIS what’s going on?” Tony asked as he stood up with Morgan and rocked her back and forth.
“Imi pare rau,” she whimpered on his lap, only feeling worse when he sighed again. {
Steve rolled his eyes fondly when his husband practically squealed in delight and hugged their teen harder. He then tickled the boy in his lap for cheering along, smiling at his ridiculous family.
when she did it…
“Yeah.”
“Yeah, she was…” Joey trailed off awkwardly, remembering the conversation she had literally minutes ago.
“That’s my girl! Yay Jo!” he said, peppering her face with kisses as she squealed in delight. Steve remained sitting, laughing as his brother twirled the two around.
“No I didn’t. For all I know he’s been in on this from the beginning.” He made sure to sigh heavily before looking down at the magazine that had Steve immediately coiling in disgust.
A knock on the door interrupts her thoughts, a feeling of déjà vu passing over her as she welcomes the disciplinarian inside.
It was a short walk to her destination. She knew the other person would meet her at the nearby building. Kimberly was already waiting for her, Emerson not entirely sure how had she beat her there.
“Snookums?” the man asked sincerely as he put the knife down and slowly walked around the counter to him. “Love muffin? Monkey? Snufflekins?” Peter was already laughing but burst with the sound as that ridiculous man of his dug his fingers into his ribs.
“Uh huh. Hey, your Daddy tells me you made a hundred on your spelling test?"
The Avengers alarm sounded three days after her father passed his evaluation. Everyone was on their respective floors but quickly moved to Steve and Tony’s after the genius asked his AI to shut off the alarm. Daci and her Tati were already in their living room, having brought the Stark family breakfast after they’d cooked so often for them.
He luckily didn’t have to when his husband, his Steve, put his hands around the billionaire’s face and brought him in for a quick kiss on his lips. “I want that too,” the blonde whispered before looking into those brown eyes again, “long haul,” he added with a smile before kissing him again.
His daughter brought him back to the present, waving her arms in front of him to get his attention. The teen was in her pajamas, unfortunately not matching Tony's, even after he gave her his best puppy eyes. They were waiting for Steve to finish putting Miles to bed before deciding on what to do for her birthday in two days.
But then that sneaky devil of a husband of his sweet talked him and now he was sitting at their home, coloring with the twins, waiting for Wade to bring the boy to his new foster home.
this kid?" Steve interrupted her trailing off with concern.
“Look,” he began carefully, “I know I haven’t been the easiest person to talk to, especially lately. But I meant it when I said you can tell me anything. Okay?” he asked with a small smile. “If you want to,” he quickly added, not wanting to pressure her.
“Dammit!” Joey cried, pulling away from a laughing brunette as Steve groaned in equal annoyance and sighed his husband’s name in disappointment.
"Would you believe me if I said I do it because I love you?" the smart-ass offered as he finished sloppily throwing his stuff together.
“Do you think,” he began again, “do you guys think he’ll come looking for her?” He didn’t look up when he asked, eliciting the super soldier to wrap his arm around his teen in assurance.
“Tony, seriously, you can’t murder him.”
“It’ll make you feel better,” Steve answered the silent question with a shrug, smiling at his pup who suddenly became excited.
“Hey guess who’s awake from his nap?” Tony asked the group, which got cheers and cooes from the family. Steve momentarily stopped throwing Harley to swim over to the pair, beaming up at them from the pool wall.
“You are not too old for this, but I understand if you’d rather be a big teenager who doesn’t need some comfort after seeing a traumatic event. Even if it was from a bad dream,” he said before turning to walk into his room, leaving the door wide open.
"Did you pick one sweet pea?" her Pop asked as he smiled at the kitten in her hands. She watched her Dad eye Miles as he looked sheepishly back at the brunette, still somehow juggling all the kittens.
“My big sister dated this fuckface a while back, he used to hit her…” he trailed off, thinking of the ass-beating he had the pleasure of watching when their Dad found a bruise on her. Can’t really say he felt back for that punk Nick, though.
After their third date, his dads insisted on meeting Wade. They had made plans for the five of them to go out, when the Avengers siren went off, signaling Tony and Steve had to immediately suit up and leave. Peter didn’t entirely mind, though he still obviously cared for their safety, was glad to temporarily prolong the inevitable torture.
“You cut your hair off?” Tony asked in amazement, sitting up as his kids greeted the man loudly.
Tony felt such a wave of love and relief that he froze when his son was in his arms.
Tony sipped on his latte - so thankful his father-in-law knew him well enough to get him one - as he looked around the room. Sarah and Aunt Peggy laughing in hushed whispers. Joe making funny faces at a squealing baby while Wanda joined in. Barnes stopped spinning Pietro long enough to kiss Clint, holding the laughing toddler upside down.
“–nu uh,” he cried out between his hyperventilating breaths.
"He taught you a spell didn't he?" Tony asked the teen.
“Oh no! Where did Joey go?” Bucky asked, pretending he couldn’t hear the laughing toddler hiding behind Steve. “Steve, have you seen my baby girl?”
“Five, I told you I had a big sister at Stark’s party,” Bucky said as he led the two to the kitchen, where Clint was simultaneously thanking him for bringing that up while also noticing the final ‘monster’ already in the kitchen.
“Really? Uncle Bruce? The betrayal is strong in you,” she said with fake emotion as they continued playing Uno. He had just skipped her for the third time.
“Happy birthday baby boy,” Steve said completing the dog pile on Pete.
party? With alcohol?” Steve asked, never having attended one of those.
“Yeah well, as much as you can be while still in high school.”
“STOP,” she said aloud, hands covering her ears. The elevator opened to her floor.
"Like you've been talking with Wade?" the man said smugly, smiling as Peter glared back at him.
“-are you...Tony there will never be anyone else-”
“I don’t know what it’ll take to convince you that you are in fact my child,” he said as he reached a hand out to firmly grasp her shoulder. “But I’m willing to spend the rest of my life convincing you,” he finished with a smile, glad to see her return it. Her smile disappeared a moment later, a frown forming as pain took over her face.
Thor built them a crib. From a tree on his property.
After twenty long minutes, she picked out a striped purple t-shirt with red and orange overalls.
“Aw, Morgan are you teasing your Daddy?” Steve asked with hands on his hips as he took a few more steps in until he was standing over Tony. Morgan babbled in response.
“We behaved Daddy! I stayed with Steve the whole time,” Harley said proudly, shooting a glare undercut with a smile to the Alpha.
gay!”
She joined the others in clapping until the two men waved her over. Jumping off Uncle Thor's lap, she ran to join her dads as the song changed to a more bouncy one. Others joined them on the dancefloor as she was swept up into her Daddy's arms. She went from one father to the other before being placed back on the floor, where she danced with everyone there.
was the one actually standing up for her.
“Those were probably the lights from the surgery room, Dad,” Peter added.
Tony didn’t seem to mind, smiling and nodding in understanding.
He offered her a small smile in return. “I’m sorry Emerson, I wasn’t trying to intrude…”
A few weeks passed and things were hit and miss with Harley. It was like the pup wanted to like Steve, but remembered he shouldn’t trust him and went back to building a wall between them.
,” she said bitterly, arms protectively wrapping around her middle again. “One of them got my face though…”
Peter padded in to the kitchen with hair sticking up in all places, looking around the room until he saw the person he was looking for.
“This is it,” Steve said when they pulled up to the familiar grey house, the first words he’d spoken in a while.
“Thanks Mama,” he said before turning to his mate, smiling at the brunette’s outstretched hands.
“Clint!” Daci cried in excitement, running into his outstretched arms. He was standing in the living room next to Morgan and Harley who were coloring on the floor.
Harley must’ve noticed Steve’s change in attention, as the pup not only quieted but suddenly melted himself into the Alpha’s side. When the pup’s hands clenched around Steve’s legs, the taller blonde finally looked down at the smaller one.
“Nope, I wanna see you do it,” the brunette said with a mischievous smile. He quickly pecked the taller man on the lips before grabbing his hand and pulling them into the hallway. Steve allowed himself to be dragged along, not particularly loving this plan.
“Hello? Oh, hey Steve, what number are you calling from?” Joey froze when she heard the caller’s name, frantically checking her own pockets in realization. Sure enough, her phone was on silent and had several missed calls from him.
“Clint…?” Steve began, knowing the archer well enough but needed to hear the words regardless.
"Oh good," his brother deadpanned, "you're awake." He gently shifted the two to a sitting position as he checked her diaper. "Oh, look at that, and you left me a present, what a thoughtful daughter you are," he teased as Steve chuckled at the two. He watched his brother stand up to bring her to the changing table before bringing the two back over to sit on the couch.
Shit, Emerson thought to herself. She had really been hoping that would drop and not be picked back up.
“Yeah she’s actually right here with me, hang on a second.” May mouthed
“You know…I am older than my Uncle Franklin ever was. Your son?” she asked, not looking away from the woman’s face turning to shock. The older woman open and closed her mouth a few times in response as her brows furrowed in anger.
She could still hear her dads' crying though, breaking away from her love to comfort the grown adult men.
. You've saved this world millions of times and you don't think you can handle a black kid?" he asked with a smile. Tony laughed aloud at that before his friend continued.
When she looked up at her father, his stormy blue eyes bore into hers and she could only offer a shaky "I'm sorry." Unable to say anything else or hold the built up tears, she looked away and began crying quietly.
She replayed the image in her head and only laughed harder, which didn’t go away when she could hear her Tati join her. The blonde just pouted at the both of them from where he sat next to her in the tub.
“Why? Why?” Bucky finally articulated as the blonde quickly reassured his niece.
“Buck, Vivienne was your handler. A romantic relationship should have never begun between you two. It’s an abuse of power. Not only that, but she has been secretly drugging you and...well she hasn’t been very nice to Daci when you’re not around…”
It was her birthday, after all.
“That was really cool of you, helping her out like that.” Peter looked up into his eyes, waiting for one of the many disgusting jokes at her expense. He had to threaten a few classmates to get them to stop.
“OKAY, hold up, before your Pop tries to ruin my reputation –”
“Buck, calm down and lower your voice. The kids are asleep. And to answer your question - no, I didn’t have anything to do with this. Even if I didn’t approve of your relationship.”
“Sorry,” Clint muttered as he stood up, stopped from walking away when the coach put a hand on his shoulder.
“I died. Technically, for a bit. Then I was illegally experimented on and brought back to life. The drug busting slash red and black fetish outfit - vigilante alter ego is to find the guy who did it. And no, I didn’t tell you because I figured,” momentarily dropping the funny guy routine, “…I’d put you through enough already…”
“I love you too, little one,” he returned while brushing some of her hair behind her ear. He leaned forward to kiss her forehead, pausing a moment to breathe in the smell of her shampoo. They two snuggled a little more comfortably under the blankets.
EMERSON
It was a few more seconds before anything happened, the door opening slightly to reveal her shirtless Dad - the bottom half thankfully behind the door. His arc reactor shined bright, momentarily taking the attention away from his messy hair and sweat stained face.
,” she said with a shit-eating grin as she wiggled her brows at him.
"Um I don't know if she'll look as fly as me," Miles spoke up, giggling along with the adults at his statement.
“I’ll get started on the soup. Let me know if you need anything, bear,” the Alpha said as he stood up off the couch, putting the remote within reaching distance of the pup before walking towards the kitchen.
Tony’s jaw immediately and comically dropped, looking instantly offended on Steve’s behalf.
“Word is Stone is trying to get evidence of Joey drinking underage,” Fury said with a frown. The blonde felt himself go rigid in his chair, all of this information sinking in. “You know what those headlines would say, Steve. And I’m not so sure – given who this Stone guy apparently is – that even
She cursed herself for getting into this mess. Should’ve just gone to May’s.
“I’d be proud to sign the company over to you! After you get a degree or two of course. But I have every bit of confidence you’ll whip those board members in place,” pausing to smile at her laugh. “I never…” the genius faulted, taking a moment go gulp his nerves. He kissed the top of her head before continuing, “I didn’t actually think a Stark would get to continue the legacy.”
“You mean Deadpool?” she asked turning to face him.
“You know that people who bully others for being gay are almost always just ashamed of their own gay selves?” his sister said condescendingly. This earned more laughs from the crowds as the two tall jocks had matching red and angry faces.
“You heard the woman.” It took Tony a second to realize the confident voice had come from his own mouth, surprising himself as he looked over at Steve...almost for confirmation.
“Don’t start something you don’t want to finish. Otherwise I’ll expect you to carry me everywhere and have your way with me whenever you want.” The statement had Steve stopping abruptly on the footsteps of the beach house, causing Tony to laugh loudly. He gently slid off Steve as his husband lowered him to the ground in front of the door.
“Bye mommy, love you!”
“Don’t focus on that, it’s ugly,” Tony said with a pout. Steve frowned and quirked a brow at him in confusion.
Tony got the call while he was at work. Some snot nosed punk used their premature Voice to make Harley kneel for him.
“Okay, I’ll check,” Peter said, leaving his guitar on the ground as he ran off.
The god of thunder began making his way to the bathroom before Emerson regained her senses and reached an arm out to stop him.
Tony, however, was trying to unhinge his jaw from the amount of fury he was holding.
“That he’ll need physical therapy and recovery time, but he’ll be fine!” she said excitedly as she walked along with him, moving to push her brother along. He walked behind them as they made their way around the corner; eternally grateful SHIELD had locked this whole wing down. His heart was beating rapidly even though he restrained himself to walk at a leisurely pace.
He didn’t get any, as the blonde was just smiling fondly back at him.
“Woah, Clint, she needs to breathe,” Daci said with a smile as the blonde stopped his attack. Clint reached on the ground for one of her toys, handing Morgan the thing so she could be distracted from slapping his face.
Flashlights shined on him and he opened his mouth to explain when men dressed in various uniforms stormed
“No…I…I’ll talk to you guys,” she whined, sounding a lot more like she was six and not sixteen.
She squints at the clock, brain slowly registering that it was only five in the morning…which meant Steve was still at work. Which did not help put her mind at ease; the thought of losing him making the bolder in her stomach drop.
Hill pulled him into her office to threaten him against getting any more tardies.
There was a teasing in his voice that brought the pink out in Steve’s cheeks.
“Hit on by a billionaire? Not too bad of a birthday, right Steve?” she said with a smirk as Sam made his way back into view; holding a trey of cupcakes lit up with candles.
Tony couldn’t help but squeak in protest.
“He almost died, Uncle Clint,” Emerson said with fake hurt, her smile breaking her character. “Besides, you owe me twenty for losing the bet. Dad woke up on Pete’s birthday.”
“Clint! Stahp!” she cried out, the older blonde stopping after a moment before putting her back on her feet.
"Tony, calm down," Ty sighed in his condescending tone as flashbacks of them dating crossed his mind.
After everyone had left and her parents insisted she couldn’t help clean, she began making her way to her bedroom. Her brother stopped her on the way, silent as he enveloped her in a hug. She let go, smiling, not noticing the two adults had slipped behind her into her bedroom.
He watched them drive away, hating himself for how right Tony was.
The genius found himself responding with a half growl half moan, turning to bite his love’s neck in hopes of giving the bastard a hickey for all of this.
“My father beat me for letting her die, for making him lose all that money. And it’s the reason my mother planned for a year and a half to fake her own death to get away and…” she choked out a sob.
“Whatever you say, Parker.” Wade was the only person that called him by his middle name. He had said (when he was a sophomore and Peter was a freshman) that it was because Peter Rabbit had scarred him as a kid. Literally offering no other explanation. It was in passing, Wade had been dating a senior girl at the time and Peter was already too sexually-confused and crushing on him to care. They only spoke on occasion after that. Peter always jealous of the older women Wade dated, just earning a light tease like an older brother would from the gorgeous man.
“What?! Come on Tonyyyyy.”
Steve leaned the extra inch to kiss his lips, smiling as the brunette returned the kiss. Tony pulled back first, surprising the blonde as he smiled at the man before he rested his head in the crook of Steve’s neck. Steve ran a hand up and down Tony’s back, smiling when the man essentially purred in response. After a few minutes he realized they probably shouldn’t fall asleep on the couch, gently shifting Tony away from him. The man’s eyes were closed, though they blinked open from the shifting as a frown appeared on his face.
Sam served as his best man, bringing Sharon as a date to their wedding. Rhodey was Tony’s with Pepper being one of his groomsmen and absolutely rocking a pantsuit.
“Bring it on, old man,” Harley growled with a smile before charging the Alpha, throwing a right hook that Steve easily dodged.
“Em she’s…she’s not doing great. Her birth mom reappeared–”
“Right, Tony, sorry. I just…like I said my life’s a little complicated right now…”
“I’m dead, Steve. I hope you know how much I loved you. Despite all of your many, many flaws-hey!” Tony squeaked out as Steve squatted down to tickle the man, who shrieked with laughter as he struggled to sit up. Which made Daci and Morgan quickly join in. “Okay! I give STOP IT!”
Tony wrapped an arm around his middle child before bringing her into his embrace.
What he hadn’t expected, was just how much they had in common.
"Stinky like a skunk?" Peter questioned loudly and pointedly at his fathers. The two men just look confused back at their eldest.
“Look, about what happened,” he started.
[Yeah sounds like fun! I still have her cell, but call the house phone]
“Why are you getting this spanking, Joey?” he asked the worst question ever imagined. She squeezed her eyes shut again before responding.
She looked at him confused a moment longer, face forming into a smile.
"Pop! Look! I'm a giant!" the boy said with both arms in the air, getting a laugh from the taller father.
But the pup got his stubbornness from Tony, who lifted an eyebrow and stared back until the pup caved first and looked down at his plate. The Omega looked over to his Alpha, who was quiet and contemplative during their talk, now looking sad and small.
After the elevator doors open, he walks into the living room to find his dads cuddled up together on the couch, while a bored on her phone Emerson is on the other side curled up.
The brunette bit his lip as he mock-glared at the man.
They probably weren’t even going to come, remembering her Pop’s promise about letting her rot in jail before beating her ass.
"I apologize then old friend and allow me to take the axe and give it to him next year when he is closer to manhood," Thor offered. Steve couldn't help but smile at that and even chuckled when he heard his son laugh at the man. Tony returned a moment later without the axe, walking over to Steve to take Miles from him. The boy complied and rested on his other father's hip with a smile as the shorter man addressed the god.
ACDC was playing loudly as he descended the steps, asking JARVIS to lower the volume before typing in his code. The ‘harumph’ he heard from his husband only made him smile.
“What?” Both Clint and Daci exclaimed at the same time, eliciting a laugh out of everyone in the room, except her father.
Tony turned back to his husband with a bigger pout on his face, while the blonde simply raised his brows in challenge.
“Tattoos?”
“I’ll tell you about it after lunch. You’ve bragged about those sandwiches before and I intend to taste them for myself,” Steve said with a big dopey grin, grabbing the Omega’s hand and leading the two down the hall.
“Alright Harley, the internet is back on. And don’t think I didn’t notice the small footprints climbing up the table. Care to explain that?”
“So…you do like it?” the brunette teased with flushed cheeks. Steve rolled his eyes fondly before smiling brightly back at his man.
“Oh god that was literally the worst day of my life. I told Buck that I had to stay away from you guys for three months to get over it!”
“It’s alright tater tot, everything’s going to be okay,” he said with a smile as he avoided looking at the other adults. He hugged her a moment longer before letting her down.
Over in the corner his husband was squatted down next to Leo and talking to him quietly. As his Pop walked over and hugged Pete in greeting, he found his gaze remaining on the shaking child. If the super soldier noticed, he let it slide as he moved to sit next to his husband and grandson.
When she rounded the corner, she saw her Pop sitting by himself, head resting in his hands as his elbows rested on his knees. She slowly walked over to him before she stopped in front of him. He still hadn’t noticed her until she quietly whispered, “
“I can ride in dem when I’m older, right Daddy?”
He showed the man the bags he selectively carried - just bags of clothes and shoes. He left the toys back in the pile and didn't think he needed to show his husband just yet.
“They’ll know
“As exciting as the idea of doing anything in public is,” Steve said firmly, grabbing Tony’s hand to stop the groping but sporting eyes that promised a ‘one day in the future’ kind of thing, “we should get going. But I...wouldn’t object to like...renting a hotel room. My treat...since you got dinner.”
He felt himself relaxing at the words, able to hear the purr in the man’s voice that felt like a small wave rolling over him.
“Just that you received some upsetting news,” T’Challa said as he put his empty cup back on the coffee table.
“Old man?” Daci asked in confusion.
“Thanks for doing this, Platypus. Now go get laid,” Tony said after giving him a hug, letting out a huff when his oldest friend shoved him back before getting on the elevator. The genius couldn’t help but stick his tongue out at his best friend who gave him the finger as the doors closed.
“You know, maybe that could be a cool project to work with your Daddy in his lab. I’m sure he’d love to help you build an actual robot dinosaur that would be way cooler than some toy.” Steve waited a moment, smiling when he felt a smile against his neck and the tears stopped.
“Because she deserved it?”
A sick satisfaction settled in his fuzzy brain, followed by a ping of guilt and regret, followed by more fuzzy satisfaction as the child burst into tears.
Some were just his face with various expressions, showcasing his profile.
“An old homophobic coworker of ours came to visit…apparently got upset when he couldn’t find Steve,” the male paramedic explained as Tony kept his hold on the shaking teen.
His thoughts are interrupted when he feels Emerson tap his shoulder. “Hey um…are you like…always
Steve thought to himself as he went to get his two youngest kiddos. He went for Morgan first, greeting his princess with a smile before taking her to Harley’s room to change and grab his middle child. One in each arm, he took his two youngest into the kitchen to feed them some fruit and oatmeal.
By 5 they had both washed up and ended up in the living room coloring when the two heard the elevator doors ding.
“I mean, who’d be into a tall, muscular, beefy All-American, blonde haired blue-eyed, strong, sensitive, and incredible man with a heart of gold?” he finished sweetly, bringing a smile to Steve’s face.
“Well,” Steve began, momentarily letting him off the hook from explaining further. “He seems to think he’s the love of your life…considering you’ve dated since you were teens…” he trailed off, hands still gripping his hips to keep the man grounded. Tony’s hands finally fell from his face, tears in his eyes as he looked at Steve in pain.
Tony and Steve exchanged glances before Steve quipped, “maybe they wanted gossip in addition to being your friend?” Steve stopped himself from adding anything, seeing Emerson shake her head from side to side.
“Fine, I’ll go,” he conceded, ignoring his brother cheering.
“Uh…hey Jo…” Tony began, throwing a glance at Steve, who simply shrugged in response.
After applying copious amounts of sunscreen, he hoisted the baby up in the air and settled him on his hip before Tony and Peter made their way back outside to their family.
PETER
with him wishing it was over. But with you?” he trailed off for a moment, blinking surprising tears back as the brunette smiling back at him. “It’s
At that moment, the sounds of a car pulling in interrupted the two. Clint watched Bucky’s face, frowning when it shifted to panic.
“You...I...just stay out of my way when it comes to Kingpin. I’ve been following his crew for weeks now and I don’t need some wannabe Avenger getting in my way.” The other man had the audacity to laugh, which only infuriated Miles further.
“Hey cub!” her Tati greeted with open arms, squatting down as she quickly ran into the hug. She giggled as he swung her around before sitting her on the counter next to her Dad. “So...something happen at school today?”
“Okay? So we’re an outlier? I’m still not hearing why we have to break up.”
Wade made the mistake of jumping from his swing, not because he didn't land well, but because he underestimated the impressionability of a five year old. Miles jumped not longer after Wade did, Peter feeling his heart stop as he quickly got up to race over. Wade, luckily, caught the brave kiddo before he could land on the hard ground. Peter was ready to lecture the little man, however his boyfriend beat him to it as the man crouched down in front of the boy and gripped his shoulders.
hoping they had already cleared this conversation.
“I think I owe Sam an apology, I’ll see you guys later,” Steve said, relief washing over him as he made his way back to the common room. He found Sharon and Sam sitting next to each other, laughing over something before turning to smile at seeing Steve join them.
Tony had offered his chauffeur – “Anything-
"Greetings friends! I was showing my newest nephew how best to swing his axe to get the right momentum." Steve walked around to carefully take the weapon from his son, who looked a little sheepish - glad at least one of them had the audacity to look guilty.
“Okay Daddy,” she agreed before zooming to the kitchen to help her Nana.
She crumbled the paper in her hands and tossed it in the trash - the ringing in her ears too loud to notice she had missed the shot. The crumbled paper lay next to the bin.
His brother stood up and tossed her in the air before settling her on his hip.
“Good to meet you, Barney.”
“Everything, okay?” the brunette asked apprehensively.
“Yeah...but I plan on coming back…?” James responded quietly, scooting forward to wrap his arms around the blonde in comfort.
“Hey guys, Em, glad to see you back, can I get you guys anyth-” Steve stopped his sentence when his eyes noticed the dark marks on her back. She was leaning over their art piece and hadn’t noticed her sweater rode up, revealing old and new scars. Realizing his silence, she quickly pulled her clothes back down, not making eye contact with either.
“Jesus Tony, can we order lunch first?” the older man asked with a fake laugh, snapping his fingers up in the air to grab a waiter’s attention.
"This isn't over, Tony. I will see my son again," Tiberius said, his chin held up in confidence even though it wasn't evident in his eyes. Tony didn't answer, just smiled as he watched the Alpha storm out.
Bucky brushed off some debris, shaking his head in hopes of his vision clearing out. He heard Steve groan next to him but his attention quickly snapped to the image in front of him.
To top it off, he suddenly felt sharp, fiery and blinding pain coming from his hand.
His tone was playful, but Tony could see the seriousness in his eyes. He could feel his words wash over him.
“Titties to Tony.”
“I don’t see or hear you complaining about it, Mister Not-So-Modest.”
“Whatever you say, Doctor.”
“I want to. Plus, that whole First Amendment slash HR thing kinda turned me on,” Tony replies, waking closer to the sink next to Steve.
“Oh?”
“Dammit, Rogers,” Tony muttered under his breath. Steve was setting him up. This wasn’t fair to him at all. Nope. Not one bit.
“Too hot?”
“Mr. Rogers–”
“Excuse me, Karmen,” he comments, locking his computer screen before rising from his seat. He follows Steve into the hallway.
Tony turned to the sound of the voice coming from his left. It was a student, not his, but definitely someone he recognized in the halls. He had a piece of paper and a pencil in his hand. Aiden or Andrew or something, Tony wasn’t sure.
“…yes?”
Tony resists the urge to make competitive remarks and digs into his portion of food, glancing at Steve. Steve takes a sip of water from his cup and exaggerates his sigh, glancing back at Tony.
“My assets are properly covered.”
“Of course.”
“Yeah…‘polynomids’?”
“You just have to watch how you distribute your variables, coefficients, and constants. Oh, and make sure when you multiply x by itself, add up all of the exponents.  Mr. Barton makes us do the rainbow method…”
“Say what now?”
Alonzo retreats into the other direction as Tony walks toward an empty table near a set of the double doors. Tony’s phone buzzes repeatedly in his pocket, and he pulls it out to see it’s Steve.
Tony’s office was across the hall from Steve’s, his classroom is now also across the hall from Steve’s classroom. He made sure of this after he persuaded (more like blackmailed) his bosses higher up into a promotion and a room change by proposing a high-tech approach to reduce contributions to climate change.
“Where’d you learn that?”
“Are you blushing, Steve?”
students most likely had a gap in their schedule, like a period for study hall, or maybe that gap was filled with an elective.
Tony catches on to Steve’s feigned disinterest and tries to coax him out of his little play by playing along with him.
“Blame it all on me, why don’t you,” Tony laughs before leaning down to kiss Steve. He tries to sit back up but Steve wraps his arms around his back.
“Not up close.”
Tony gives in to Steve’s request, more a demand, crawling up the bed until met with Steve at eye level.
“You sure you want to? You don’t have to, it won’t take long.”
“You’re no fun, Steve.”
When Tony’s mouth needed a break from time to time, he would play with his beefy friend with his hand and make Steve watch as the brunet’s fingers wrap a fist around his member and squeeze and tug at it. For a little added fun, Tony would grab the base of Steve’s shaft and use it to wave Beef Junior from side to side as the head slid across his tongue back and forth.
“We’re running low on coffee.”
“From Venezuela.”
In one swift move, Steve crouches down a little to run his hands down the undersides of Tony’s thighs before picking him up. Tony was able to catch on quickly and wrap his arms around Steve’s neck as he was carried to the back table.
It was an ordinary day at Acadia High; students doing their best to absorb as much information flowing from the voices of their teachers as well as documents both in paper and PDF format.
“Hey Karmen, I don’t mean to bother you, but I gotta steal the doctor for a quick moment.”
A bit of gratuitous shenanigans for you all.
“What's going on in that sudoku puzzle head of yours?” Steve inquires curiously, taking in a forkful of noodles before chewing.
“Siempre lo recuerdo, Cariño,” Steve smirked.
A continuation of the events in Chapters 3 & 4
There’s a silence for a moment, then a faint giggle.
“It was an impromptu alliteration. Cut me some slack. Now will you let me blow you?”
“What– that is so random! How do you go from shaming my ankle socks to now wanting to give me head?”
lifestyle she proudly sings, but he does live a fantastic life, without the plastic aspect.
“Umm, since when did we discuss
I have no corny chapter summary this time, sorry lmao.
More foreplay and dialogue, and definitely more smut.
“Tony…?”
“What?”
“…perfect.”
“I won’t make any promises, Blondie. Although, I’ve been at your little monster meat friend for about 20 minutes. How are you not tapping out yet?”
“Oh?”
Melted marshmallow does not count as a white sauce.
“You told me not to use ‘cocky’ in that context and now you're breaking your own rules. Jesus never broke his own rules,” Tony pouted.
“How many names are you going to give my dick, Tony?”
“Look here, Mister, if you think you can boss me around by telling me to do what I’m already doing, then why don’t you make me–
Steve takes a little longer than usual to reply, the short extended silence making way for Tony to turn back towards to see Steve biting his bottom lip.
“They’re not
“Yep. His worksheets always have some symbol of archery. Maybe he likes shooting arrows, I don’t know,” Karmen shrugs.
Anyway, thank you all for reading. Enjoy.
“No, I think I’ve got it. Thanks again for helping.”
“Are you sure? You look like you’re about to erupt down here.”
“What evil plan do you have now?”
The fun has to end somehow, right?
“It was a turn-on for me.”
of frantic fingers on keyboards from a staff office whose door was open.
“Stop making me hard– I mean…
Steve leans down to kiss Tony’s lips. Soft and sweet, not too long and not too short.
“Well…all the more to make you keep coming back for it.”
“Says the one getting dress-coded.”
“Practice makes perfect, baby.”
Tony spins around in his computer 135 degrees to see Steve greeting the students as a collective group as he walks through the door. The both of them know that some of them are swooning, either at Steve, or at the both of them.
Arousal springs through Tony’s body, awakening his now half-hard erection, as he pads toward Steve.
“Bossy.”
“We’re going down this path? Where’s the lube?”
“Maybe.”
“Steve, wait…”
“If you wanted to go through my phone, you simply could’ve asked. I’ve got lots of ass shots in there.”
“Having dinner with my beautiful husband of five years.”
Steve couldn’t help but be amazed at how fast Tony types. His hands were sometimes rigid when switching his hands between the letters and the keypad, but the motions of his fingers were smooth, like a fluid travelling through the bends and curves of a pile of bunched up soft fabrics.
“Hey!”
“That’s not the only thing I keep coming back for.”
“Indeed.”
“First you bribe me for dick pics and now you want to model my ass to the world for ‘educational’ purposes? If that’s not prostitution, I don’t know what is at this point.”
Tony takes Steve in all the way to the hilt; then all the way off, repeating the action for a couple more times as Steve starts to write against the bed a little. He sees a hand gripping the bedsheets and decides to grab it, interlacing his fingers with it while carrying on with his mouthy ministrations.
“I don’t
I've added a new element at the beginning of the chapter. This will be a recurring occassion in future chapters, but not every future chapter.
“Let me see?” He asks and she hands the paper to him. He sees a silhouette of a crossbow at the top right of the worksheet and chuckles. “Okay, so–”
“Oh yeah?”
“You should’ve seen your face when you came.”
“Exactly what I told you to do.”
“We can figure that out later in the bedroom, big guy.”
“I can’t say no to dick pics.”
Slight exhibitionist but very flirtatious and flamboyant, Tony.
The next few minutes, they exchanged a series of texts. The precalc kids didn’t have to know. If they looked up, they could only see Dr. Stark occasionally looking up and out the room, as if he were drifting off into a thinking session. Or he was just eye-fucking his husband while they were finishing their test. Either way, the kids wouldn’t know.
“Yeah but you did that already. I guess making out in front of her could’ve added to that.”
“You’re evil.”
“You’re not protected from me with those tits…with consent, of course.”
You're welcome.
“You can multitask.”
“I’m just so hard to resist,” Steve shrugs, purposefully ignoring Tony’s attempt at seducing him. He feeds Tony part of his own portion and Tony turns away in slight disapproval, lean arms crossed against his chest. “What’s wrong, Tony?”
“Yeah, just lemme finish entering these grades on my spreadsheet,” he answers, typing in a series keyboard commands along with a series of numbers, “grab my tablet please.”
“You have no filter, I swear,” the large man mockingly moaned with an eyeroll.
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s a custom-made table,
“I’m not falling for that. What do you want for brunch?”
“Are you still offering private oral lessons?”
“Steven.”
The passing time in between 5th and 6th Period was over, and the bell rang. Students were no longer roaming in the hallways. Tony walked out of his classroom and into the hallway closing his door, then headed straight into Steve’s.
“Well, you know me,” Tony blushes, “a little extra and overly sexual.”
“You won’t be saying that later. Let’s go save water.”
Tony yelped as Steve smacked his bare ass. Walking into the bathroom was no hard ordeal, but Tony had slid a little but down Steve’s back, the sweat a catalyst for the ride closer to Steve’s ass.
“…you wanna go on the weekend?”
Steve’s lips curled into a smirk.
ugh. Whatever, you win.”
“Right in front of her?”
“Well, you can take me out on another date and we can get a layout of the place and experiment with some things.”
“I wouldn’t say
“You should rub something else.”
“That’s different…” Steve trails as he rubs lube all over Tony’s nipples.
“It’s mostly the difference between adding x and multiplying x.”
Next up, Rare Meat...
“Why not both? That makes three…”
“Okay, Fibonacci, fine.”
“Nothing, keep kissing me.”
Dr. Stark’s precalculus class was taking a test, so it was quiet in the room. The room across from him, Mr. Rogers–Stark’s Spanish classroom, was vacant, all except for the muscular blonde who taught the subject.
Steve leans over and whispers in Tony’s ear…
“I would hit you but these grey sweatpants make your ass look great from this angle. Can I touch it?”
“Put it on the list and I’ll go out to the store by Wednesday.”
“I’m pretty sure we can
“Keep eye-fucking me and I’ll put you under cold water after I dick you down,” Steve smirks as he twists around to see Tony focused on him adjusting their duvet on the bed.
I should have gone with "Tony the Tapper & Steve the Sapper" now that I think of it, but it's not the only thing I'm writing about. If anyone wants to use that title for a tale of oral excursions, go on ahead lmao, just make sure you mention me.
It wouldn’t be a fair fight, honestly. Romanoff, one of the Phys Ed teachers, would have something to say about Steve being shirtless and getting a slap on the wrist after a few days of leave without pay compared to her being hypersexualiaed and fired the second she is seen without a full-length shirt on.
“Don’t mind at all. Just take a deep breath. If you’re feeling tense about it after dinner, I’ll help you find a distraction.”
“Gonna need a bigger size for that to happen. Not everyone has precious Cinderella feet like you do, and I know all too well how much you love your kink socks.”
“That sounds loaded. I don’t buy it.”
“Yeah? Well, tell me something else I did in the past that turned you on.”
“Oh, interesting. Tell me more.”
“Oh yeah? Hit me…actually, slow down a bit.”
“I know. Such a shame that you gave me a hell of an attitude. Kinda hurt my feelings.”
“She turned you on?”
“I don’t want that yet. Just come here.”
“Yeah, I don’t mind it. It’s been that way since 7th grade. I was at Verano High last year but then I moved.”
“I thought you had an accident, like slipped and fell or something. Then I heard you call out for me but then it started to sound like you weren’t in need of urgent assistance. Especially not when I opened the door.”
“We’d never been naked in front of each other for that six-month period. I didn’t know how to expose that to you.”
“Don’t forget being illegally shirtless.”
“Yeah, I think you might have to if you wanna keep teasing me like that.”
“Mmm, I love it when you talk numbers,” Tony purred, pulling at Steve’s shirt, wanting to get it off. He didn’t care if it ripped off, he always had spares for situations like this. Plus, he thought it would be enticing to see how hard Steve would try to stay professional and composed in front of a bunch of high schoolers while shirtless.
Tony had his arms wrapped around Steve’s neck, breathing quickened and heartbeat faster. It was either
“I’ll come back around to you,” Tony smirks, smacking Steve’s bare ass this time.
“You’re no fun, Stevie.”
“It was fine, but I have a small concern or two that you might be able to help with. You mind pulling up that roster for this year’s testing?”
Tony, with Steve’s assistance, leans back at an angle. He was gonna get the most out of his ride so he participated more, driving himself higher and back down in longer strides, bringing himself on edge. Steve could see how much Tony was enjoying it and–
“Um, what about your card?”
A negotiation is born...
“Nobody licks a spoon for that long. Plus, you had your suspicions and you thought it was a good idea to tease me about it. I’d never been so conflicted in my life.”
Tony sits up, playing Steve’s game.
“So you searched for the company online?”
“Umm…did you…? Ugh, I can’t say it. I’ll just show you instead.”
“Aww, babe, you trying to hold it in?”
“A long and thick slab of steak. Eight inches. Dripping and ready to eat.”
“It was sexy.”
“Yes, Darling?”
To make matters worse, Steve’s shirt had ridden up his torso and his back a little as he bent to grab a large value box of hot chocolate mix.
“Like this?” He asks, twisting more clockwise and counterclockwise with every movement.
Steve reaches over to grab the large squeeze tube of lube under the pillow he rests on, resting back on top of Tony and presenting it to him.
“‘Polynomids.’”
“Need help?”
Tony knew Steve was a big guy in general: tall with big broad shoulders, bulky arms, lengthy legs, and thick meaty thighs.
end up having a good time, no?”
“Stevie.”
Steve and his stupid brilliant rabbit holes.
All Steve was worried about was seeing Tony come undone untouched, and Tony just wanted to chase his much-needed orgasm.
“I…but Tony, you–”
you doing, Steven?”
“Yeah yeah, but soon you’ll be on top too, Beefy. Plus, pumpkins and lemons both have seeds. Describes us perfectly.”
The thought of Tony putting these horny kids to shame about lusting after his husband made him silently moan. The other part that aroused him was Steve’s suggestion of one of Tony’s many kinks: exhibitionism.
Steve raises up on his elbow and looks down at Tony just to smirk and repeat him.
from sucking Steve’s tongue past his lips.
A continuation of the events in Chapters 3 - 6, until the scene break
“Of course. You taught me a lot about myself that night. It felt like you were making me unlearn everything about sex and opening my eyes to something more…intimate and raw.”
“It was bound to happen, sweetheart.”
“Baby, oh my goodness, Tony–“
“But you didn’t–”
Tony looks up and sees Steve standing tense, tightly gripping the door frame with a worried look on his face.
¡Gracias para leer mi cuento!
“I want…more kisses.”
Tony scolded strongly in a soft tone through clenched teeth.
“About what?”
“Not her, silly. Of course not.”
“Well, I’m not Jesus, Tony. You tainted me a long time ago. You’re the devil.”
“First you want your dick rubbed and now want to play with my so-called tits. We don’t have a lot of time here, according to your cautious calculations, so which is it going to be?”
“Keep fucking me, Tony.”
“You mean ‘
Both of their breaks last for two consecutive class periods. Steve’s break is during 5th and 6th Period, Tony’s is 6th and 7th. They spend their overlapping time together— ranging on a scale of contactless flirting to getting walked in on while fondling each other’s bodies in creative and calculated methods —and then staring at the other across the hall in hopes to catch a few suggestive glances from the other while busy with students.
“Say sorry to my socks and I’ll say yes.”
“Yeah. I’m sure you remember how that night went down.”
Steve reached over for Tony’s phone, the motion of his wrist making the screen come alive. It was a quarter after eleven, but all Steve was focused on was Tony’s lock screen. It was an impromptu shot of Steve eating a salad, licking the dressing off of a fork. He knew Tony’s hobby of sneaking pics like that, especially of his ass.
They both eyed each other, Steve now joined in on Tony’s helpless moaning melodies, probably now alerting the neighbors.
“No sexual activity on school premises during this business week. I’ll let you kiss me, though.”
White sauce goes on meat. For instance; mayo on hotdogs, not chipotle ranch on strawberries.
As in past tense?”
“Hey Señor Rogers, how was your meeting?” Tony asks as Steve walks closer to him.
“Fucking tease,” Tony muttered under his breath. He couldn’t believe Steve didn’t even spare him any details. The multilingual man shot him a glance, earning an eye roll from the math wizard.
“Did you just call me a gatekeeper? My gates are literally open and you’re not even taking advantage,” Tony pouts, wrapping a leg around Steve’s torso.
“Hi ‘offended,’ I’m Steven.”
“My plants don’t deserve your unnecessary comparison in sexualization, Anthony,” the multilingual chuckled.
“Ugh, you know I like getting those reward points, no matter how rigged I think that whole system is.”
Tony saw a notification on his screen. He tapped on it and was brought to his thread of text messages with Steve.
“I’m doing no such thing, Anthony.”
You're welcome.
Only to a certain degree, though. He doesn’t like it when his most intimate parts are exposed for anyone to see, meanwhile at the same time, being exposed to the risk of getting caught in a sexual manner is a kink in and of itself.
“Nope.”
“Oh gosh, not her. What a turn-off. I still hate her to this day. She was eye-fucking you.”
“I’m hot,” the blond claimed nonchalantly.
None other than the legendary Dr. Anthony Stark would do the trick. It was always a nice sight for the kids to see a different face standing around in the open concept of the luncheon atmosphere.
Find some cleaning supplies, it's about to get slippery and sticky
“I see. A lot of students have a slightly difficult time wrapping their head around this topic, you’re not alone. They’re both forms of combining, so what you want to do with these kinds of things is to watch your signs. Adding variables changes the coefficient, multiplying variables changes the exponent. It’s one of the reasons why your previous math teachers in middle school ditched ‘x’ as an indication to multiply, now you have dots and parentheses to do the exact same thing, just a cleaner setup with variables involved.”
“Steve?” Comes the sound of Tony's voice and the omega opens his eyes. He pulls the blankets off and sits up, yawning and stretching his arms over his head. “Morning,” Tony says. He already had a steaming cup of coffee in his hand.
The faucet has stopped running, indicating that Steve was finishing up his nightly routine. The light switches off and Steve appears, still grinning. Tony narrows his eyes at him, suddenly wishing he could wipe that silly grin from his boyfriend’s face.
“I don’t mean to drag you into this.”
“Are you going to show Flash?” Ned asks.
Tony is no longer in the nursery by the time Steve emerges from the bathroom. He’s in the bedroom, bent over the bed, holding himself up on his forearms with his eyes shut.
“No one knows-”
Pepper smiles softly and reaches across the desk to take one of his hands. “I know you want him back and things to be normal again. They’ll get there. It just takes time. Right now he needs you more than ever.”
Happy grumbles something under his breath and Tony smirks.
“Aren’t you? How many lives did you take?”
Peter nods. “I’m sure. I think it suits you a lot more than it does me. I’m Spider-Man, remember?”
“I can’t.”
Steve is gone.
Sam grins and pulls Bucky into his arms. “Look at you being so cute with me.”
“I don’t care about me. It’s you I care about. Only you.”
“Oh no.”
Steve reminds himself that he wasn’t in heat when it happened, but that didn’t mean the chance of conception wasn’t possible. There was still a chance it took.
“I have to. I can’t keep Tony from him. And maybe when he’s older, he’d want to meet his father. I wouldn’t be upset if he ever did.”
“Thank you, but maybe some other time. I hope I was able to help.”
Steve doesn’t even wait for the AI to give him information on how he can leave a message, and he ends the call. It’s right on time, too, because the nurse appears and he’s being led into the sterilized room.
And when he opens his eyes for the first time, Tony is in love.
“Okay.” Steve nods. “I’ll open up more. I’ll make you trust me.”
“Boss-” Happy tries to protest.
“I’m sorry. I wish I could take everything back. Believe me I wish I could, but I can’t. I can’t and it kills me. Please don’t give up on me. Everyone else has.”
“Depressing?” Steve cocks his head in confusion. He shakes his head in disbelief. “I don’t understand how it could’ve been. You probably got everything you wanted.”
It would be easy to decline and walk straight out the door, but Peter finds himself considering to hear his dad out. He didn’t want to walk away without hearing what he had to say. He wasn’t like him.
Tony places another kiss to the bond mark, then backs away to let Steve finish changing. He changes into his own night time attire and settles into bed. Steve joins him and curls up close, searching for Tony’s neck and nuzzling the spot once he’s granted access.
“Tony!” Steve yells, arms wrapping around Tony’s neck and pulling him in for a heated kiss. Every moan and curse he emits is swallowed by Tony’s mouth. “Gonna-ah fuck-cum,” Steve says against Tony’s lips.
“What? Kids?”
Steve gives a little shrug and continues to lay down the American flag themed paper plates and matching cups on the table.
“Excellent idea, sir.”
“I hope so. I really want them to like me. To them I’m probably some big, scary alpha.”
They’re lying in bed, settling down for the night and curled up with each other. Steve as usual has his hands on Tony’s belly. It’s grown and starting to resemble a pregnant belly. Tony still keeps it hidden until they can come out to the rest of the world, but when it’s just them, he exposes the bump and lets Steve touch it.
“They’re fine! Just trust me, okay?”
“Yeah. I know I said we’d move back to New York and stay in the tower but there’s not enough room for all of us. We can stay in New York but I’ll find us a bigger space. The pups will love being outside. We can wrestle until the sun goes down, maybe look up at the stars. It’ll be great.”
Steve frees himself from the duvet, the simple action causing the little pup to smile. It meant mama was up and ready to play. Peter giggles and rushes toward the doorway, eagerly waiting for Steve to catch up to him.
Tony smirks. “I don’t think she’ll mind.”
Steve smiles and kisses her head, then he ushers out of the kitchen so that he can finish up.
“How is he?” She asks once they’ve broken apart and stepped inside her apartment.
“I’ll be alright. I know I can get through this with you by my side. You’ve always been there. I know you always will be.”
Peter sniffs and clings to his uncle. He finds comfort in him, but he could never replace his papa. Peter misses the way he would hold him and tell him that everything was going to be okay. He misses the way he would tell stories or jokes to make him feel better.
“Tony-”
“Yeah. What kind of uncle would I be? I’m here for you, both of you.”
Natasha steps further into the room and takes a seat beside him. Her eyes fall on the picture Peter had been looking at and she smiles.
Sam chuckles at the face his friend makes. “Uh-oh. Let me guess,
Steve manages a small laugh, then his face contorts in pain and he lets out a scream when he’s forced to push again. Bucky comforts him through it.
Tony hasn’t stopped staring at the little bottle of pills since Steve came home with them. They've been in the same spot for weeks, always near the coffee pot so Steve can remember them better. His routine is different now: he makes coffee, takes his pill, goes on a run, cares for Morgan. It's not a routine Tony is entirely fond of.
Ned gasps again. “So they don’t know?”
“Do you want to?” Tony asks. He studies Steve’s face, searching for an indication that he’s against the idea. All he finds is uncertainty. “Hey,” he says, squeezing Steve’s hand again until their eyes are meeting. “We can do whatever you want. If you want to try again then we can.”
His pants are forced open and yanked down his legs. They are tossed to the floor.
“J, play it again.”
“She’s hungry.”
Tony can’t bring himself to watch anymore. “J, please?,” he begs, fully aware of the tears running down his face. “Turn it off.”
“When did you get here?” Steve decides to ask. He knew that Tony informed the team about the situation, but more details still needed to be shared.
Steve knows Tony doesn’t regret their son, but he knows Tony regrets how they conceived him. It was supposed to be Steve to do it all. He’d give anything to switch places with Tony. And God did he wish he could.
Steve shifts uncomfortably at the thought of having to talk about the man that destroyed his life. Tony immediately senses the hesitation and backs off.
But then Tony left.
Peter hugs his aunt tighter. “I’m trying.”
“Good. I want it to. You deserve this. This is about you.”
He couldn’t wait to be done.
Happy is waiting for her in the office, still in the same spot she had left him a few minutes prior. He hasn’t moved from the chair since the last of the police interviews. It’s his job to protect her and keep her safe, but deep down she knows his presence is for comfort and not protection.
And just like that, Steve’s mood goes south again.
He’s still learning. No such thing as a perfect parent, remember?
They don’t say much as they enter the elevator. Peter rocks back and forth on the balls of his feet, eyes roaming over the car as it makes its way to its destination. He takes out his phone, shooting both Ned and his uncles a text. He had a feeling he would be home late again.
A baby. He was supposedly having a baby. And with an omega he didn’t even know. They weren’t even bonded.
“Tony-”
Peter thinks it over, frowning as he tries to decide. “I think you should be Captain America forever. I want to be...Spider-Man!”
“This kid isn’t even born yet and already he’s spoiled,” Tony jokes and makes himself comfortable on the sofa, blowing out a breath when his ability to breathe is stolen for a moment. “He’s definitely awake now,” Tony grumbles and rubs at his belly, releasing a small groan of discomfort when Peter decides he hasn’t had enough of pressing against Tony’s ribs.
“What happened?”
Steve forces himself to his feet and enters the kitchen, deciding to make a pot of coffee before Tony wakes up. It was still too early for Tony to get out of bed, but Steve liked to be prepared.
The drive is mostly filled with silence. The only sounds that emerge is that of Steve's labored breathing and moans of pain. His eyes are shut and he’s resting his head back against the seat. He finds it’s more comfortable to be reclined in the seat, and he allows himself to rest. His break doesn’t last long, and he hisses in pain when his belly contracts.
One shove. That’s all it would take to get the alpha off of him, but Steve knows better. He doesn’t want to be punished again.
“I got you, honey,” Tony promises and joins Steve on the bed, hovering over him and ducking his head down to kiss him.
“Forever is a long time.”
“More like terrifying.” Tony huffs and leans against the desk with his arms crossed.
“I know.” Tony nods and takes Steve’s hand, brushing his thumb over the naked finger. “I love you so much, and I’m sorry for hurting you by being an idiot and saying those stupid things. I don’t want us to fight anymore. We need to stick together, right?”
Well…almost.
Tony pulls out the ring and it places it over Steve’s finger, just like he had done on that day when he vowed to love Steve for the rest of his life.
Tony smiles at those words. “I missed you too. We all did. Especially this one,” Tony gestures to the pup dozing off in his arms.
The penthouse isn’t accommodated for the six of them. Peter’s nursery wasn’t completed, forcing Tony to send Pepper and Happy out on a little shopping spree. More was going to be needed to make sure all the pups had what they needed, but Tony was still set on moving his little pack somewhere more spacious. But until then, they gather a few things for the time being and try to make the best of it.
“That’s today? I almost forgot.” Steve yawns and he sits up to stretch. The sweatshirt he has on rides up, exposing smooth skin and the bump growing underneath it. Tony’s eyes are immediately drawn to it, and his heart flutters. That was his baby.
“He likes being here,” Steve says. He doesn’t say it out loud, but he enjoys being in Tony’s home. They were together with their son. They felt like a real family.
“It doesn’t sound like one.”
“I didn’t even know there was a potential mission,” Tony can’t help the irritation that seeps into his tone when he talks to her over the phone. Natasha sighs on the other end. He knows she’s going to apologize.
Steve returns a few minutes later with a wet washcloth. “I hope this works,” he says as he carefully cleans Tony. He takes extra time cleaning along Tony’s lower belly.
“Yeah sure. I’ll uh...keep in touch I guess. Peter, right?”
But then new symptoms were beginning to make themselves known. The burst of energy was nice and not puking his guts out was even better, but he’d do without the random dizzy spells and leg cramps. And don’t get him started on the constipation.
“It would be a disaster,” Tony agrees. “Who else is going to keep us sane around here?”
“I’m pleased to hear that. I’m sorry to interrupt but Mr. Rogers is looking for you.”
“Morgan’s okay, Tones,” he says with a smile. He peers up at the man who helped them. “We both are.”
Tony gasps and calls out for his husband. Steve is back in an instant.
“No, I know. But..I guess what I’m trying to say is…” Steve sighs. He honestly doesn’t know what he’s trying to get across to Tony.
“I’m okay,” Peter forces a small smile.
“I’m kidding. I know you’ll do great. Don’t sweat it.”
Steve takes a moment to compose himself. He didn’t know Tony was planning a trip back to New York. The plan was that they’d both return after the baby was born, or at least that’s what Steve had thought. He knew Tony was a busy man and had a huge corporation to run, but the thought of being alone while Tony was across the country was terrifying.
“Who? Al-Steve, he’s not here okay? I swear it’s just me. It’s just me.”
“Steve! What's wrong?” Tony can’t help the panic that seeps into his tone. He thought the hard part was over.
“Just because I’m having his baby doesn’t mean-” Steve’s aware of the dangerous tone he’s using and he cuts himself off. Snapping at his friends was going to do more harm than good. He needed them on his side now more than ever. “I’m sorry. I need to go.”
Tony shakes his head. “You scared the hell out of us. A part of me wants to ground you but...I’ve ran away too so I get it. What did we do?”
The alpha tightens his grip around him, threatening the omega if another sound was made. Steve didn’t care if he was kicked and punched, he didn’t care if he was bloodied and bruised. He didn’t matter.
“Mr. Stark? Are you alright?” Alexander is out of his own seat, coming closer and laying a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
Even if Steve wanted to respond, he’s left unable to speak. Another cramp is building, forcing Steve to let out a groan instead.
“Do you feel better now?”
A wave of guilt crashes over him, rearranging the thoughts in his head and making him reconsider. He tries to rid his head of those thoughts, reminding himself that this was the only way. But he can’t do it.
“If you want my opinion-” Bucky says and Peter has to fight the urge to roll his eyes. “-then I wouldn’t even bother with him. He’s just a waste of time.”
He’s not alone. Sam and Bucky were the first to greet him downstairs in the medical bay, followed by Bruce. Natasha had been on her way with Morgan, but Tony had advised her to stay behind. A part of him wants to see his daughter and hold her close, but the other part is torn. He knows seeing her will only crush him. She was losing Steve, too.
“It’s okay,” Tony says, his voice calm. “I just want to make sure you’re not hurt.”
“What? Why?” Steve’s eyes widen in fear.
Steve hadn’t realized how hungry he was until the smell of freshly baked pizza filled his nose. His stomach growls and he’s practically drooling when Tony opens the first box to show off a large Brooklyn style pepperoni pizza. It had been JARVIS’ suggestion.
His friends are with him through all the highs and lows. They cheer him up when his emotions overpower him and he cries at everything. When he’s craving ice cream at two in the morning, it’s Sam who makes a late trip to the grocery store. They’re there for everything, and Steve couldn’t be more blessed to have them.
“You’ll come back, right?” Peter whispers, dark eyes filling with tears.
Babies got into everything. Pretty soon Peter would be walking and exploring every inch of their home. Steve had to admit lake house was a lot safer than the compound...to a certain extent. The body of water outside was worrisome.
Morgan isn’t surprised to find that her papa had already left for his morning run. The coffee pot is on, filling the kitchen with her dad’s favorite aroma. The smell of coffee was his wake up call, and pretty soon he’d be getting out of bed and they could start their day.
“You’re a good father, Tony,” Steve says, smiling softly when Tony peers up at him. “Honest,” he adds when Tony appears unconvinced.
“Oh my God,” Peter groans. “Who cares! I’m the one who has to deal with the weird looks and the comments. You’re not making any sacrifices here.”
“Oh. What are you doing here and-” Tony stops himself. The last thing he wants to do is comment on Steve’s appearance and make him even more uncomfortable than he already was. But Tony would be lying if he said he wasn’t intrigued.
“I think it’s time for lunch,” Steve decides. “Superheroes need to eat too.”
Tony grins and glances down at himself. He had chosen to replicate Steve’s stealth suit for many reasons, one being that Steve looked amazing in it and surely Tony would too. Well, he didn’t look half bad. He has yet to put on the helmet and the famous shield was still in the hands of its original owner but otherwise he was ready for another Halloween.
Steve screams again, doing as Tony instructed and pushing as hard as he can. The baby’s head continues to emerge, only to slip back slightly when Steve eases off. “Fuck...Tony, I can’t...I can’t.”
Tony doesn’t say a word and instead watches as Steve leaves the bedroom. He waits a few moments, using that time to freshen up and add more of his signature cologne. His hair was still a mess, but it was nothing a little bit of hair gel couldn’t fix.
“Whoa!” Peter can’t help but grow excited when he steps into one room and finds it full of weapons. He takes a step into the room to investigate, only to retreat and hide up on the ceiling when heavy footsteps and voices fill his ears.
“No,” Tony shakes his head. “No. No I won’t lock you up. I won’t put you there. Steve, there’s other ways.”
“I tried to…” Peter starts to say, only to stop himself when he realizes talking about his almost abortion in the middle of a busy hallway wasn’t the way to go. He tries to change the subject, but then he sees him and all thoughts go out the window.
“Weird?”
It was still an issue he had with himself. He used to only see himself as the skinny guy or the invincible Captain America. But that wasn’t who he really was. He was just Steve.
“‘M okay,” Steve slurs and his eyes flutter. He slowly glances at his mate again. “Get him...first…”
“I’ve never seen you wear it,” Bucky narrows his eyes suspiciously. “When did you get it?”
“Because I felt...I felt sorry for you.”
“Thank you,” Happy breathes out a sigh of relief.
“What?” Steve turns around from the sink to glance at his husband. “I thought you were going with us?”
Tony doesn’t want to make any wild assumptions and the last thing he wants to do is accuse Steve of being insane, but the things Steve was saying made it difficult to believe that he was sane.
“You look beautiful, darling.”
Steve doesn’t make it far. Tony is coming over, no doubt wanting to learn how the mission went.
“What time is it?” Steve mumbles into his pillow. He opens his eyes fully, immediately regretting it when the brightness of the room nearly blinds him. He groans and buries his face back into the pillow to shield himself.
“What’s going on here?” Tony raises a brow at the abundance of toys and comic books.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, sir,” Jarvis replies and does as instructed.
Bucky’s expression softens. “Oh. Send a text time, punk. Go clean up. Dinner’s ready.”
Alpha.
“What? Yes! Remember when we-” Steve pauses, his body seizing up when another contraction hits.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Yeah I figured.”
“Is that...is the baby moving?”
Tony scoffs. “Now you’re trying to make me feel guilty.”
This time Steve does feel it and he gasps in surprise. The kicks their son produces aren’t very strong, but regardless of their strength, they’re bringing a smile to Steve’s face.
While he waits for Peter to come downstairs, Steve returns to the kitchen to prepare something else that hopefully his son could stomach. Tony is already in the kitchen, drinking his coffee and still ignoring him. Or maybe it was the other way around. Either way, they both weren’t talking to each other.
“I’ll wait for you. I want you to be a hundred percent ready.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey, Stark,” Flash calls out to him. Peter doesn’t look at him at first. It’s not until Flash calls his name again does Peter finally meet his gaze.
His high school graduation was meant to be a joyous occasion, and to a certain extent it was. Peter had been able to walk onto the stage alongside his friends and accept his diploma. His family had been in the crowd, cheering and expressing how proud they were.
Steve takes a deep breath, and with a gentle squeeze from Tony’s hand, he tells his story.
So I had mentioned smut before so maybe some more stony smut in the next chapter? Does that sound good? 😉
“Thanks.” Steve hastily grabs his shoes and rushes out of the room, slipping them on awkwardly as he moves.
“I don’t know! It’s what you usually do!” Pepper sighs. “I’m just saying. Maybe you need to take a break from these things.”
Tony ignores him and goes in search of Steve, doing his best not to fear the worst. He knows that Steve was safe here and Pierce hadn’t snuck in and snatched the omega away, but the feeling that settles in the pit of Tony’s gut is still difficult to ignore. Something wasn’t right.
“Oh my God. He’s really strong.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve understood his fiancé was busy, but Tony’s absence couldn’t have come at a worse time. They had only moved into their new home a few days ago and unpacking still wasn’t done. Their friends had helped when they could, but the Avengers were busy too.
“Yeah. I’m here, darling. I’m right here.”
A fiery pain from between his legs causes him to cry out and he slaps a hand over his mouth, muffling the sound. With his other hand he trails it down between his legs to investigate, finding more of the pup’s head exposed. He keeps his hand there and the other splayed over his mouth to keep any noise he produces discreet.
The master bedroom now had a side dedicated to Steve and his belongings. His clothes are neatly put away in a drawer of Tony’s dresser, and a side of the large walk-in closet has a spot meant for him. His art supplies also get their own space; one of the extra rooms becomes Steve’s office/ art studio.
“Better grades! Please! We don’t really get to do stuff anymore. You’re always so busy.”
“It’s not okay,” Peter says, then to his uncle he adds, “leave him alone. He didn’t even do anything wrong. Stop trying to be him because you can’t.”
Steve chuckles at the sight, and James snaps his head up at him. “It’s okay,” Steve assures. “Daddy is just silly.”
Steve leans against the counter, a heavy sigh escaping him. It doesn’t go unnoticed by the alpha, and Tony stops what he’s doing to give his mate his full attention.
Pretty soon it was going to be Steve in that room surrounded by unfamiliar faces and scents and having to tell his story. He purposely wants to leave out some details of his life. No one needed to know he was an omega from the forties who went up against alpha natzis and tried to stop their control, only to fail and wake up nearly seventy years later under the very control he had tried to stop.
New clothes are brought to him and he dresses quickly, this time ignoring the flare of pain. The alpha smirks and tugs Steve close to him and that’s when Steve notices the leather collar in his hand.
Steve nods and rests his head back. Tony makes sure he’s comfortable before returning to the front of the jet. Happy turns in his seat when he hears him come in.
“Okay,” Steve soothes and he comes over to where Tony is standing. “I’m sorry. I just worry.”
Steve still appears hesitant to let his son go. He’s ready to protest but then Tony is assuring him again.
Steve scoffs. “I guess we’ll see. You know you’re missing a lot, right? What about the nursing stuff?”
Jarvis sighs again. “At least tell him why you’ve decided to lock yourself in here. Let him make the decision to intervene.”
“It’s nothing.”
“And I know you’re scared because you think you’re going to end up like him-”
“What happened?” Tony asks, his voice laced with concern. He knew Steve should’ve stayed behind.
A good job. Steve has never heard those words before. Alpha was always telling him what a selfish and horrible mother he was to the pups. He was the reason why they were sick or dead. It was always his fault when something went wrong.
“No,” Peter shakes his head and peers up at his dad. “He didn’t. I know he didn’t.”
Steve scrambles to his feet, ready to chase after him but he’s too late and Brock escapes. Steve forgets about him and directs his attention back on his mate, eyes scanning for any harm.
Pepper shakes her head. “Go meet your interns and worry about babies later.”
“It’ll help,” he assures.
They exchange numbers and then they’re both walking outside the private exit. This time Tony gives his son a hug. It’s awkward and not at all how he envisioned, but he felt it was something that he needed to do. It was long overdue.
“The jet should be here in an hour,” Tony replies and he takes a drink from his coffee mug. Steve nods and picks at the eggs, frowning at them like they had done something wrong. “Is it okay?” Tony asks and Steve’s head snaps up. “I’m trying to get this cooking thing down and-”
“Yeah, it works,” Tony says. “But he still needs a first name.”
Their relationship was never going to be the same now that they were adding Peter into the mix, but sticking together was something they had to do for their son.
A scream tears through his throat when he’s penetrated. He flails his arms and kicks his legs in protest against the unwanted intrusion. He’s gripped again by the jaw, sharp nails digging into his flesh and bringing new tears to his eyes.
“Don’t worry about it. Having kids is supposed to be messy, right?” Tony opens his arms and Steve carefully puts Peter in them. Tony smiles at his son and adjusts the towel. “Hey, kiddo. You get to hang out with me now. Papa is tired of you.”
The moment Steve is in the shower and the hot water hits his back, he lets out a sigh and leans forward, resting his head against the tiled wall. The water burns against his battered skin, but at the same time it’s bringing relief to his aching muscles.
Steve immediately falls still.
They fall silent again and Peter resumes staring out the window. He can’t stop thinking about Flash and what was probably the last conversation they were ever going to have. A part of him wishes Flash would have agreed to help or do something, but the other half is relieved. Peter couldn’t imagine trying to have a baby with someone like Flash. They were enemies. There was no way they could come together to raise a child. Not the mention that they were both kids themselves.
He can still smell his scent. He can still feel him on top of him. He can feel him forcing his way inside.
“Tony, please? I can’t-I don’t want to hurt her again.”
The way he says it has Tony jumping up from the couch and rushing to follow Steve back to the bedroom. Dodger must think they’re playing some kind of game because he follows, wagging his tail excitedly.
For the most part they were happy. They were getting along and trying to grow and learn together. But everyday wasn’t sunshine and rainbows.
A choked sob escapes Peter and he sets the picture down beside him, then he’s hunching forward and burying his face in his hands, sobbing into them. He wants to scream and cry until the pain is gone, but nothing could ever rid him of this excruciating pain. It was always going to be there.
Morgan smiles. She contemplates telling him about the rest of her day, even though she knows her dad won’t be thrilled about hearing about the cute boy in her class. He was so protective of her. It got annoying sometimes.
Steve whines, his cries growing louder. Tony makes another attempt to wake him, only to terrify the omega instead. Steve starts screaming.
“I don’t know. You wanted this.”
Tony tenses beside him. “What did he do?”
“Tony? Hey, Tony, it’s okay,” Steve says, freeing one hand from around his son to cup Tony’s cheek.
“Do you want to come over again?” Peter asks and Flash nods. “Fine. My parents shouldn’t be home. Just meet me outside after school okay?”
Steve and Tony get the shock of their lives.
And it’s all Tony’s fault.
“I’m a billionaire, remember? Oh right, you don’t. It’s a long sorry. Enough about me, though. What about you? You said you’re from Brooklyn. Why are you here and dressed-sorry, that’s rude.”
Tony scoffs and shakes his head. He wants to believe what Steve was saying, but actions speak louder than words.
Tony didn’t understand where Steve’s new attitude had come from. It was like one day Steve woke up and changed. He hadn’t been like this before the baby, and Tony wonders what went wrong since then.
It wasn’t fair.
Steve hasn’t realized he took too long to respond. “Sorry,” Steve quickly apologizes and clears his throat. “I’m actually not...fine...not really.”
“I don’t care. I want you forever.”
Flash blows out a sigh of relief. It makes Peter angry. He didn’t understand how Flash could care so little about the baby. Maybe it was because he only ever cared about himself. Maybe it was because he believes he had already contributed and no longer needed to stick around.
There’s a moment of silence between them. They still needed to talk and it was clear neither one of them knew how to begin.
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s coming together nicely. Steve regrets not helping in getting their son’s room in order. Clearly more needs to be done. Piles of clothes and blankets are on top of the dresser; Steve figures Tony couldn’t figure out where to put the smaller items and set them aside for later. It was a task Steve could handle.
“Is this why you’re doing this?”
“Steve, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”
“Hey, Pete, you hungry?” Bucky asks. His question goes unanswered, just like he knew it would. Peter always shuts down after Steve leaves.
“Very well. You very rude and came across as an asshole.”
Peter runs as fast as he can out of the tower and into the middle of the street, nearly getting hit by oncoming traffic. He stops in the middle of the road when a taxi almost collides with him. He apologizes and keeps running, ignoring the sting in his eyes.
She didn’t belong in this family anymore. Maybe she never did.
The omega glances down at his lap.
“Okay.” Tony agrees and he reaches out to brush away the tears still falling from Steve’s face. “Come sleep with me.”
Steve frowns and glances down at his husband. “Are you still feeling sick?”
His last attempt had failed and he had been found in these very woods, but he wasn’t going to fail this time.
Steve lets Natasha take full control of the shower. It was her idea. She knew he was stressed and not himself these days, and decided a baby shower would do him some good. Turns out she was right, and a baby shower was just the type of distraction Steve needed.
“I didn’t say you were,” Steve chuckles and rises to his feet, moving toward Tony and wrapping both arms around him and kissing his cheek. “I think I’ll go for a run and then I promise I’ll rub your back.”
“Steve-”
“Da!” Peter squeals.
Peter nods but doesn’t shake his dad’s hand. Tony pulls it back.
Tony sighs in annoyance and turns to leave.
Steve watches as his mate and pups interact for the first time. They’re warming up to him pretty easily, just like Steve had hoped they would. With them getting along, Steve excuses himself to attend to the pup that needed the most attention.
“It’s gonna be okay. I’m here. Just let me in. Let me help you.”
“Hey, kiddo,” Tony speaks softly to his son. He adjusts Peter into his arms. “What’s up, squirt? You looked so cozy in there. Or did you just want to interrupt daddy? That was it, huh?”
“Because it’s probably insane! First you allow him into your car, then your place of business. Now what? Your penthouse, too?”
Peter doesn’t know what he’s supposed to say. The words “I’m sorry” didn’t seem right. He had hated when that’s all anyone would tell him, and he figures his uncle might be the same way. Those words didn’t ease the pain.
“He needs to know who he really belongs to. I’m his alpha. And I’ll prove it.”
“I should’ve. How could I miss something like this?”
Steve grips the phone in his hand tightly, taking a deep breath as he contemplates calling the number he hasn’t called in years. He doesn’t know why he bothered saving Tony’s number in his phone when it was clear Tony would never be there to answer any of his calls. For fifteen years Steve had done just fine raising his son without any help from Tony. He had convinced himself that he didn’t need Tony for anything.
“We were supposed to have broken up.”
“Of course I would. But if you’re not ready to hang up the shield then I’ll do what I have to.”
Steve chuckles and places a hand over the growing bump. They have yet to feel their son move, and he couldn’t wait for that time to come. He knows once he feels his son move for the first that he won’t be able to get enough.
“Look, we can just go to my place,” Tony decides and turns around at the next light. “I have a private entrance we can use.”
Steve huffs out a laugh and tugs at Tony’s hands. “Come to bed. This can wait.”
“I think he does, sir. Peter is his son too. The son he wanted you to take care of. The son you promised to be there for.”
Pepper sighs and moves around the desk, lowering herself into her own chair. “I can’t. All I can think about is him and Steve and...their son.”
“I can’t either. And then we had a baby and...Tony, maybe we never should’ve…”
The omega keens from the praise. Tony knows how much they love being praised during mating. He moves his hips a little harder, punching out gasps and moans from the blond.
Tony nods and turns toward his mate. “You ready to go? I promised the kids pizza after this.”
Peter was special, and Steve wasn’t just saying that because that was his son. Peter had proved at an early age that he wasn’t going to be like most children. Steve knew children went through some phases, but Peter’s wasn’t a phase or a normal one at that.
“Steve, I’m sorry. I didn’t know,” Tony explains.
“Thank you, Mr.-”
“I’m sorry. That must be rough,” Tony says. He doesn’t miss the way Steve snuggles closer to him. “You won’t have to worry about that. I’m not going anywhere.”
“I’ll save you, Papa!” Peter declares, raising his shield in the air. He zooms around the room, pretending to fight the bad guys and making his own fighting sound effects.
“I don’t care what they think,” Peter stands too. “I like being with you.”
“Pete, where’s my-” Steve pauses when his son leaps off the bed and rushes out of the room. Steve sighs, knowing exactly where his missing helmet went.
“Everyone but you,” Sam points out and Steve sighs. Sam shoots him a smile and wraps one arm around his shoulders. “I get it. You’re nervous.”
“Not if it means losing you. He’ll hurt you, Tony. You think you know him but you don’t. I know you’re smart, but he’s obsessed with me, the baby, power. Tony, he won’t stop until he gets what is his. He’ll kill whoever gets in his way. And if that’s you…” Steve chokes back a sob. “Please. It’s not worth it.”
Harley nods his head and hugs his sister again. “I missed you so much!”
He groans again and his eyes clench shut. “T-Tony!”
Tony cups his mouth when the sob makes another attempt to escape. It wasn’t Steve’s fault. The night of the party was when Tony should have come clean and told Steve how he felt. Steve only assumed what they did was a one and done kind of deal. Tony doesn’t blame him for thinking that. That’s the vibe Tony gave off.
Now that he has some alcohol in him, he gets back to work, needing a distraction from the chaos that is his life. He doesn’t want to think about the omega upstairs and the heavy baggage he has with him. He doesn’t want to think about the pup. He doesn’t want to think about the pain he’s caused.
His own food is getting cold from the lack of appetite he has. What was supposed to be a time for them to enjoy breakfast and talk was now ruined. And Tony blames himself.
“I know I can! I just don’t want to.”
“I’ll have your breakfast ready,” Steve says, then he leaves the room and shuts the door behind him.
Pierce grunts from the blow and eases off, inhaling deeply to calm himself. “Don’t fight me. I know you want this.”
“Looks like you have a fan,” Tony teases when Steve joins him.
Happy nods his head. “I don’t watch tv myself so I get it. But there is one show I love.”
Morgan’s cries taper down until they’re nothing more but soft whimpers. Steve is still talking to her as he paces around the room with her cradled in his arms. She never takes her eyes off of his.
He only gets like this when a pup is involved or if Steve has been behaving. It should bring the omega some relief, but truth be told, he’d take the physical abuse over the fake love and adoration.
Maybe he should have tried harder to get Steve to open up, but Steve was fragile and broken. It was going to take more than just one talk to get him comfortable. Baby steps and patience. It was all Tony could do.
Steve forces himself to meet the doctor’s eyes. He can’t hold his gaze for long and he peers down again, shifting uncomfortably in his seat and trying to fight back the pitiful whine that’s trying to crawl out his throat.
“I never should’ve done it.” Steve sobs and clings tightly to Tony. “I just couldn’t-it was a part of him and I just-Tony, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
“Can we please stop talking about this? I haven’t figured it all out yet.”
“Why do you want us to mate so bad, J? Do you get off on it or something?” Tony chuckles at his own lame joke. The AI is clearly unamused.
“Oh I know,” Steve rolls his eyes playfully. “At bedtime he insists only you can tuck him in.”
“Sorry. So...I gotta ask. Does Flash know?”
Peter turns his head away and rolls his eyes again. The door opens and Peter sits up a little straighter, his heart ready to burst from his chest.
Tony inhales sharply. He needs to walk away before their fight gets worse, but with Morgan nestled in his arms, getting up and away from the fight is difficult. He keeps his attention on her instead, gently brushing his thumb along her cheek in a way to calm himself down.
“Your spidey senses are way off.”
Steve lifts his head and smiles. “Yeah. Eyes. Can you say Papa?”
“You lost a baby?” Natasha asks, her eyes bright with fresh tears. “When? Why didn’t you tell us?”
And one bite to Steve’s neck...Tony shudders at the thought of claiming the omega as his own. They would be properly bonded.
Steve and Peter’s bond 🥰 Peter is lucky to have Steve and Steve is lucky to have his little Spider-Kid.
“-and you couldn’t even bother to show up for him? I know you had something going on with Steve, but not being there for your kid-”
Peter nods. “I’m glad you’re okay,” Peter says and rises to his feet so that he can lean down to hug his uncle. As far as hugs go it’s awkward because of the state Sam is in, but it’s a hug Peter wouldn’t trade for anything.
“I don’t think so,” Steve says calmly from his spot on the bed. He shifts in his spot and leans back on one hand, the other cradles the large bump. He blows out a breath when the pressure on his lungs decreases. “You need to go, right?”
It’s obvious putting the crib together wasn’t the only project Tony had decided needed to be started right now. The rest of the room was well on its way to becoming a nursery. Steve didn’t ask what items Tony had asked FRIDAY to order, and it was clear she took it upon herself to supply more than enough for the baby.
Steve laughs. “That’s tempting but everyone is having a good time.”
Natasha nods and continues to play with Peter’s messy hair. It was something that Steve always did to soothe him as a kid. Whenever he was scared or sick, this would be the only thing to calm him down. She could never replace Steve, but she’d do her best to always be there for her nephew.
Bruce is the one who answers, “They’re not back yet. The explosion-”
“What happened?” Steve gets straight to it. He needs answers. “Where’s Tony?”
“Okay…” Peter glances down at his barely touched breakfast. He can almost hear his papa telling him to eat. He hated when food was wasted, probably because he grew up with barely anything. Peter sighs and gathers a bit of egg on his fork.
He hadn’t spent that much time with Ned since the funeral. It was easier to lock himself away and pretend that he didn’t lose his father. But pretending would only get him so far. He needed his best friend now more than ever.
“What face?” Steve’s frown deepens.
“I had a bad dream.” James sniffs and wipes at his nose.
“I’m sorry, sweetie,” Pepper smiles at Peter sweetly. “I’ll walk you out okay?”
“I thought you said I was doing great?”
“Fuck, Tony. I’m so close,” Steve pants, thrusting faster and harder. He’s hitting that spot inside Tony every time. They both weren’t going to last.
“No.”
Tony eyes shoot open at those words. That can’t be right. He wasn’t expecting them back until late tomorrow. He throws the blankets off and rolls over onto his back.
Steve glances down at his daughter and then up to his mate. That’s when he notices the metallic red covering Tony’s right hand.
“Tony, you wouldn’t.”
“Do you? I don’t remember you losing out on sleep.”
Steve forces himself to ignore the extra attention, instead focusing on the pregnancy and making sure his son was healthy.
“Is it time?”
They clear the first level together and then after Sam performs a scan of the other floors, it becomes evident that splitting up was the right choice of action. They’d cover more ground and take their enemies by surprise. It was risky to split up, but Steve knew what his team was capable of.
“-and didn’t even consider-”
Harley is taken away to be cleaned up and looked over. He’s given a clean bill of health and swaddled in a blanket and a hat is placed over his head. Harley is placed back in Steve’s arms, and Steve brings his son close, cuddling him against his chest.
Steve huffs out a laugh. “Yeah right. You’d end up crying along with them. Remember last week?”
“No.” Tony sighs. There was no point in trying to lie anymore. He did still have some lingering feelings for Steve. “I guess you’re pretty hard to forget. It also doesn’t help that we have a baby now. Kinda makes things harder.”
“Pep, what’s wrong?” Tony is out of his seat in seconds, ready to question her and comfort her if he can.
“Where’s Uncle Bucky and Auntie Nat?” Peter asks, brows furrowing in confusion.
Tony says his goodbyes, making sure to give Steve plenty of kisses. It obviously makes the beta uncomfortable, but he’s probably seen worse coming from Tony.
“I’ll talk to him,” Tony decides and pecks Steve on the cheek before exiting the kitchen.
Steve sighs sadly. “I know. He just-”
Bucky sniffs and relaxes. “I’m not being too hard on him, right?”
“No. That is my attempt at breakfast. I’m not the greatest chef in the world so…”
There’s still no response from Steve; it’s concerning. Tony tries not to think too much about it. He knew Steve was probably preparing dinner or caring for their daughter.
Sam sighs. “Are you really surprised? The dude couldn’t even step up for his son.”
“I am happy.”
“True.”
He couldn’t bear another second of hearing his mate whimper and cry; it was the most heartbreaking sound he had ever heard. It didn’t even compare to the times when Steve would wake up screaming from another nightmare. Tony didn’t understand how bad they really were until he was thrown into one of them.
“Can we not talk about me?”
“Come on,” he whispers to himself and tries the lock again. His hand trembles and his vision blurs with tears, stealing another opportunity to get into his locker. He fights the urge to scream and slam his first into the locker door.
When he doesn’t respond, Steve steps into the lab and says, “I guess we don’t have to try anymore. There would be no point, right? I’m putting you through this pain too.”
Tony groans and throws his head back against the couch. “But I already did!”
“I met my dad…” Peter decides to try and change the subject. Now he’s not sure if that was even a good idea. Talking about his dad wasn’t any better.
“Hey,” he greets. “Sorry about the bit of turbulence back there. Happy says everything’s fine.”
Tony never thought in a million years that he’d be a part of something like The Avengers. The world already knew him as the famous billionaire philanthropist, and of course his new alter ego Iron Man, but he’s never been seen working with others. Tony worked alone. It was his preference.
“Do what? Hon, I can’t help you if you don’t-”
“Take them off.”
Now that he’s alone, those tears run freely down his face. A choked sob escapes him and he buries his face with both hands. It’s a struggle to remain standing, his legs give out and he slides down to the floor. He tries to keep his cries to himself, but the pain is unlike anything he’s ever experienced.
“No. My family’s gone. I ran away from...Alpha.” The last word is said in a hushed tone. Tony furrows his brows. He didn’t know the omega was bonded.
I finally got around to updating this one! Sorry for the delay! Enjoy some Steve and Peter bonding moments 😊
“I better go anyway.” Flash decides and he rises to his feet. “I don’t want to be murdered.”
“Why did you have to go?” Peter sobs, his body trembling from both the cold rain and the intense sobbing. “You promised you’d always come back.”
“Okay. Um...I...I’ve never felt anything like I have with anyone else. He’s caring, sweet, a wonderful mate and father.”
“It’s all me. Open it.”
“Steve-” It’s Bucky who tries to protest.
Tony doesn’t travel far. He purposely avoids the upper levels, not wanting to end up in Steve’s private quarters. The last time he had stepped foot in Steve’s apartment, it had not only been the last time he saw Steve alive, but the worst fuck up of his entire existence.
“So no superhero stuff for you?” Tony asks.
“You might as well...go. I’m not going anywhere.” Tony winces from the fiery pain in his back.
Peter nods. “I missed you and papa and the baby.”
“Yes, you are. You’ve always been beautiful. How you look now doesn't matter to me or anyone else. I wish it wouldn’t matter to you.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Tony releases Steve’s hand and rises to his feet. “Hang tight. Maybe get some sleep. It’s gonna be a few hours.”
Peter chuckles and leans back in his seat, a sense of ease washing over him. The rest of the drive mostly consists of conversations circling around school and his friends. Happy makes sure not to bring up anything to do with Flash or the baby unless Peter was okay with it.
Natasha scoffs. “Yeah right. You made fun of him for a week!”
“How’d you sleep, sir?” Jarvis is quick to change the subject. Tony only grumbles again. “If it helps, Steve is waiting for you in the kitchen.”
