It made him think – about things, things he hadn't thought of before, about the consequences, not for others, but for him, about the fact that last time he hadn't fallen back in the bottle, but that had more to do with the fact that despite everything young-him hadn't had the memories or the general tiredness that came with years of superheroing, of failing people and of not being good enough in general.
Tony barely managed to school his awestruck grin into a wide smile that he hoped was welcoming but not too familiar already – this was, officially, the first time they met – as he held out his hand for Captain America to shake.
“Welcome to Avengers Mansion...”
The last time they had seen each other, Tony had still been drinking. The last time they had seen each other, Tony had been too weak to understand – actually no, he understood alright, it was just that he hadn't been able to cope – that even not being good enough anymore wasn't an excuse, that of course he wasn't good enough, that it was even more his duty to try and fail at being better, because at least, in failure, he couldn't be blamed for not having tried.
To be absolutely honest Tony might have exposed himself to a deadly gas to try and save about anyone who had an actual chance of surviving it and wasn't a total scumbag, but he had to admit he might not have been quite as desperate about it for just anyone. Not that there were so many people who'd have had a good chance of making it without the supersoldier serum, but that was not the point.
Not that Tony did.
Just by answering his question honestly.
A deep breath – Steve trying to get his head around the facts.
“Good for them. I mean, sure, they could have told you, I guess, but they probably figured your dear friends had already told you, and you were being a self-righteous ass by asking that, of all things, to their faces. Anyway, your friends should really have told you themselves.”
Tony could settle for less than enough, as long as it was more than nothing.
Like Steve hadn't asked Tony why he was doing what he was doing, like he hadn't offered to find another way to do the same thing but better, like he had only considered his own way – not doing anything and then saying it wasn't their fault when something happened and someone else died because Tony hadn't done what needed to be done.
Peter made a face, and Tony reflected that he was really glad he didn't have any memories of House of M, because that sounded really like something...
And Tony let them all go, and Tony always ended up alone, or with people who didn't really know, or cared to know, him. Only Whitney hadn't done that to him, but Whitney was a special case and they had other reasons why it just couldn't work between them, no matter how much they had wanted it to work back then.
Which, okay. Like, obviously, if it would work, of course Tony would do that too. If something had to be destroyed, and he could bargain for it to be only himself, instead of everyone else, he'd do it.
And Steve didn't know what Stark was implying, but he was pretty certain he didn't like it – or that he wouldn't once he'd get it.
After all, if T'Challa had really wanted to respond, he would have made it so that Tony would listen.
Steve hadn't expected it to go smoothly, especially considering how they'd last parted ways – and, sure, it hadn't been quite as terrible as with Tony, but still – but so far there had been only a little awkwardness, some silences, and a bit of jaw-grinding. No deal-breaker.
Tony got there too late for Steve's “team meeting” – that was a lecture he thought to give, not a meeting of equals, that much was obvious, and in such a lecture he'd never have to even listen to anyone else's opinion, because Captain America was always right and righteous – but he'd have gone if he had been able to, if just so that Steve wouldn't hold this, on top of everything else, against him.
The was blood – a lot of blood – dripping down his forehead and onto the ground, but Steve couldn't see a wound, and that was good news, right? He wondered where the blood was coming from, but...
Whatever his infatuation with Steve was, it wasn't like the man would ever return the feeling – not as long as Iron Man was Tony Stark. Steve's feelings were only for Iron Man, not for Tony. Dwelling on what Tony's own sexuality meant for their non-existant relationship was of no actual interest as said relationship was doomed to remain non-existant.
“It's really no problem, you came back to save people, Avenger. In my book, that's more important than obeying some finicky little team bylaw.”
“I told you already we telepaths don't really like dwelling in your thoughts, except maybe for the surface ones. Being in your head feels both terribly depressing and like I'm caught in a whirlwind. That aside, my point was, Tony, that Wanda had made a world where the people who had just tried to stop her were content enough that they wouldn't be trying too hard to change things. Captain America, for example, might not have liked the way that world went after WWII, but he'd gotten to live out his life and stand for what he believed in, which made it enough for him.”
Still, it was the first time they got to talk since – since SHRA had gotten official. He needed to make it count.
“It didn't take long for Gyrich to take over, actually. And, you know the man. He's not exactly a villain, but he's...”
He was there because he'd fucked up with the last fight, not because he was wrong, no matter what they said about it.
He didn't know why he was crying right now – well, he did, but he didn't know why now and not before, when Steve had been disgustingly supportive and condamning at the same time, whereas now he was simply being judgmental as hell.
Iron Man was everything Tony could have been, had he not been an actual person with personal problems and emotional baggage. Iron Man was loved, respected, and trusted.
The obvious reason, now that he thought about it, was that Tony had taken into account about anything Steve disliked about his civilian identity, but he hadn't thought about Cap having so little faith in Iron Man.
He'd done all he could, once again, to help, and this was his reward, wasn't it? To have blood on his hands, one way or another, because that was what he amounted to, a solitary figure who tried to help but only managed to stand by the deathbed of the agonizing – and perhaps, perhaps, if he hadn't been used as the weapon this time, supposing that was what was actually going on, perhaps they would still be dead, perhaps whoever was doing it would have done it another way, a way that wouldn't have bloodied Tony's hands any further, but that, that was the selfishness in him talking, wasn't it? Always making it about himself, about the consequences for him, when hundreds of civilians had died and he had been the one to kill them – he didn't particularly care about the criminals, those who had killed Yinsen, those who'd protected the murderers and certainly had a pedigree just like them, though he didn't approve, though there was a reason he didn't just condone revenge when you could do it differently, but the civilians, the innocent victims, those there was no freaking reason to kill them, and still, and still...
To be honest, thinking he could break Steve like that was very egomaniac of him. Steve would probably just stare at him, and storm out. Then it'd be all over the news, or at least, the whole community would know, in a matter of hours. Tony would sit back, let himself out of the game, and watch the world burn while they hurled insults at him, because there wouldn't be anything left for him to do, to salvage this mess, and the others would just end up having to face the fact that even without him to spearhead Registration, this wasn't going away.
Kooning made a face, though, as he understood what was going on, as Hill's eyes widened at the sight of the faceplate, as the president took a deep breath when he saw the undersuit creeping at the edges of Tony's business suit.
He was on the ground, and Extremis was telling him that the faceplate was about to shatter. He could see the undersuit fluttering around his face, as if confused as to what to do, as to how to protect Tony to the best of its capacities. He really wondered why, considering his mind was supposed to be controlling it through Extremis, and he didn't actually feel the need to continue this at all. You'd think his subconscious would be more suicidal than his conscious.
The thing was, the things Steve had seen in this life... He honestly didn't think the tomato was the trigger. He had no doubt that the tomato-thrower wasn't the guilty party. But he couldn't say that it definitely wasn't it. Being stuck in this situation through a tomato thrown at his head might seem ridiculous, preposterous, but all in all...
Sue wouldn't know, Pepper wouldn't know.
Nick rolled his eye while he played with an unlit cigar that the president was eyeing distastefully.
“Tell him I know he's innocent.”
Figuring out whatever the hell was going on.
Kooning koffed, and Hill squinted at him, but that was alright. If he had to, he'd go against those who were too strong, too independent to agree, just so that the people at the top could see how outmatched they actually were. He'd take a beating – or a thousand – if that was what it took. At least, if he was the one going against them, he had a chance not to be flattened out of respect, though he'd definitely lose all that respect as a consequence.
Her smile said the contrary – forced.
The adamantium shield was raised.
“As I said, going about our daily life is still... possible, but superheroing out there is an entirely different problem. Since Gyrich got the authorization to use the Sentinels... Well. We tried to do our superhero job a few times, and all in all I'm not really certain we did any good, as we were too busy repelling the Sentinels.”
“It'll never be.”
More than that, it was exactly what he had been about to anounce himself anyway. He had already turned the armor over to City Hall – minus everything that made it functional, of course – and put Iron Man in time-out, so to say.
“Yeah, I'm talking about Falcon and your war buddy. But also, all the others. All those who came to see you, who supported you, who thought you were right, and who never told you what happened, because that'd be admitting too much, wouldn't it? That'd be conceding that Tony had a point, not that they're doing themselves much of a favor by denying it either.”
“Accountability. SHRA wasn't perfect, and I told Tony so, but I also registered, Steve. Why? Because yes, other people can't quite understand what it is like, being like us, but they also have something we lack very much, and that's objectivity. You can't assume your judgment will always be right, and...”
“I think that's between me and him.”
The West Coast Avengers looked at him with suspicion, as he rejoined them, unsure if they would want him – again – but willing to try and prove himself – again.
Good, because Tony did too.
Then again, Henry didn't have a super suit of armor to protect him if Carol got a tad too angry – not that Tony expected her to try and attack anyone, but well, from what he remembered of his own time in the gutter of alcoholism, even his sad-drunk act had occasionally turned to angry-drunk when he was pushed too far, and there was no telling what kind of drunk Carol was, or how far too far would be for her.
What if, in the end, that was what he amounted to? A man who tried to do better, but simply couldn't be better?
Maybe he should say something.
Iron Man, not yet.
He spread his arms, as if to say, Tadaa! – here I am.
Tony debated waving awkwardly and decided not to.
Tony did not pretend he wasn't Iron Man – at that point? – and did not confirm anything either – showing that he was uncomfortable with people knowing might bring the point across, who knew? – and did not turn around with a brisk smile and no intention to continue this conversation.
Steve hesitated a moment, but Tony saw the moment he thought he had a winning argument. Something about the relaxing of his jaw, visible even under the cowl, perhaps.
Wong's eyes widened. "Is she okay?"
"Papa, it won't fix anything. Plus they don't know who I am and I don't want to open that mess. I couldn't fight back before I was spiderman and if I punch him now and break his jaw that isn't right either." Peter tried to logic.
"I won't. And you're going to be fine, okay? You don't have to fight anymore, I'll take over from here. I'll do all the fighting, got it? You just rest."
"We will."
"Who's tha'?" Maggie whimpered.
"Mm." Steve nodded. "I like the quiet out here too. Maybe we could come out here for the summer when you're not in school. Vacation for a little bit."
She'd done all her test review, so they got to watch another episode of Hannibal. That's how it worked. She'd already seen all the episodes that had come out so far. But she really really liked the show. Something about the dark psychology was amazing. And, ironically, she liked Hannibal. She'd seen a serial killer in real life, but she was pretty sure Hannibal would have killed and ate her rude step-father. Then again, she wouldn't want to be in a dark alley with Hannibal, but she figured if she wasn't too rude she'd be fine. She had to admit that watching him kill Franklin was satisfying. She even had a list of people she'd like to see him kill in season three.
"Thanks, J. Let's go."
She remembered...when she and Dr. Strange had first met, he'd found her because she was using her power. If he happened to be using the Time Stone...she might be able to get him to notice her.
Peter shook his head and watched the too casual guy step into the shadowy ally, a hand on a blade. "What do you want?"
Maggie flinched and hid against Strange's chest, letting out a pained noise when the part of her head that had blood on it came closer to him. She twisted her head, likely to remove pressure from that spot.
"Thanks...?"
The next morning, Maggie was greeted with a text. She took a couple deep breaths before looking at it. It was from Peter, hoping she was doing okay. She'd reply later, when the letters didn't look pressed together. She looked around at the large room and sighed, taking out her retainers. She got up and frowned as her leg and side pulled. She changed, found her meds and headed out. She needed to eat something to take her medications. But...she couldn't hear anyone around. Strange must've been out.
"Oh, the cute one with the sexy dads?"
Easy to fool so long as you played nice.
"I have my ways. Speed reading is something I'm pretty got at these days. He has an interesting biology. He's okay. He has an infection. Fevers are natural, they help fight infections. It isn't excessive. He runs a little lower than most people. He's fine. Let his body and the antibiotics fight." Strange looked at him. "It's low grade, even for him. I'm keeping track of it."
"I'll make that happen."
Natasha blinked, looking down at the broken people, who remarkably, were still alive...somehow. Alive and...tortured. Then she turned and looked at Wade, who was slowly wiping blood from his katana. "I...thought I could be ruthless."
"I thought you and I had an understanding." The man in the fishbowl said, holding her watch.
Years ago, something this simple wouldn't be worth working on for Strange, below his paygrade. But looking at Maggie, it felt like the most difficult thing he'd ever do.
Maggie laughed. "This your life every day?"
Peter's eyes widened. That wasn't even his dad's fault and he was fixing it. That was...amazing. Peter clung a little tighter to him.
Strange sat down at Maggie's side, not letting his hand leave hers. He didn't really grip her hand. He didn't want to put stress on her thumb or the tops of her fingers, but he didn't let go. "I'm sorry..." He whispered. "I should have seen it sooner. You were trying to tell me, weren't you?" He felt tears spill down his cheeks. "You were using your powers to try to show me you were in trouble. I'm sorry I didn't see it before." He ran a thumb over the back of her hand. "I'm sorry... If I'd noticed..." He could tell there'd been repeated trauma to her head, which pissed him off to no end, but...maybe if he'd known sooner, he wouldn't have had to open her skull. Wouldn't have had to pull splinters of bone from her brain. Wouldn't have had to drain the blood to keep the pressure down in her head... Wouldn't have had to spend four hours fixing the damage. If he'd just noticed...he could have helped her so much sooner.
"Time to get to work."
"Yeah, no problem. Seen lots of suits at dances and stuff. One undone button just looks like someone trying to avoid anxiety...or someone who got jumped and had their tie stolen or something." Maggie shrugged and sighed, sitting at her desk. This was good, calming. "You talking about the project...thing?"
Peter felt awkward standing next to the older man. "So...wizards."
Peter took a breath.
"Okay. I'm going to try to figure out why JARVIS can't find you. Are you going to be safe or do I need to send someone from the A-team?"
He believed her.
Wade spoke first. "What's up, doc?"
"Since you're out, would you mind grabbing food? Lots of food? Peter said 'all the food.'"
"To put it politely."
"Hi. Can you put Dad on the phone?" Peter asked as he walked as far from the others as he could, so as not to be overheard.
"Yeah, I'm fine. Just a cut, gonna have an awesome scar. I'll tell everyone I got it in a bar fight, that the other guy looked worse."
"Aw, that was nice. But you already look out for me all the time at home. You don't have to follow me around out here." Peter loved JARVIS. He wasn't sure anyone else could claim to have an electronic friend, but JARVIS was a friend to him. Peter didn't like asking JARVIS for too much. The AI was already responsible for so much.
"Alright." Peter agreed.
"Oh my God, yes." Peter took it and raised the lower half of his mask to eat. "Holy shit, this is good."
Maggie's eyes turned and she vaguely saw Dr. Strange on her right side. She tried to speak, but her tongue felt heavy. What was wrong with her? Her breathing picked up.
"Working on that, sir." JARVIS answered.
"I know." Her fists clenched. She got up quickly and went to the sink, cleaning her dishes, then stacking the rest to work on them.
"I'm wearing lots of layers." She shivered. "But this will help. Thank you." She smiled at him.
"You and your boy owe us an explanation." Nat poked him with her finger firmly. "And you'd better thank Spiderman. If he hadn't said what he did we would have taken out Iron Man, hard."
"I don't really want to go, but I'm not brave enough to skip, so I guess we're stuck."
"You're not. I was early." He frowned. "You sure you have everything you need?"
"Language." Steve snorted.
There was a knock at the door. Peter closed his eyes as the door opened. The instant the door cracked open, he relaxed. It was a normal heartbeat, not one that had a metallic echo to it. It was Steve at the door, not Tony. Peter didn't want to argue tonight. Then he smelled food. He opened his eyes and looked at Steve.
"I'm fine." She grinned. "You were right. Round the clock torture is an idiotic move. They have no way to step it up after that." She glared at him and then kicked Not-Wade, hard...in the balls.
"I love it." She sighed, but didn't take a sip. "Are you doing okay? You haven't been to dance in a while." She commented, rubbing her jaw idly with a hand. She kept doing that. Peter wondered why.
"Hey...I brought you dinner."
"I don't know, look outside. See if it's sunny or not your own damn self."
"Stop sassing me, boy or I'll make sure the toast is burnt." Tony teased.
"Mm-hm."
"I gotta get over to my side. Meet you in the middle?"
"I'll have the gun, thanks."
"We'll be here, when you're put under and when you wake up and all the time between." Steve promised.
"You cooked, it's fair. Cooking's hard work."
Strange looked down. "Fractured skull?"
"Hey, kid, how's your super-duper power cell coming along?"
"Yeah. He always playfully threatened lock-up. I didn't go to time-out as a kid, I went to the Juvie corner." She shook her head. Would Wade be upset if she said she missed that? Was Peter right? "I miss it. I kinda hoped you'd yell at me."
The captain got up from the sofa and looked at Tony. He'd been sleeping in the lab. It was a safe place to crash, especially when Tony was there. Steve had been in a scrap the night before. Nothing big, he and Nat had handled it alone. But still, even after little things he liked to be around his family to rest and reset his mind. Tony's lab was the safest. "Mm?"
"Peter. It's time to get up." May called faintly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Then you arrived on scene. Thought you were some small fish intern. We started to play with you, see if you could give us any insight. Then we watched. Oh, the second you noticed something wasn't right about OUR version of Tony you were snatched away by the real Tony. We knew then he cared. And I knew you were smarter than even your genius ideas let on." He leaned back and put the saw down, picking up a knife and gently running it down Peter's shoulder. It sliced through his borrowed shirt like butter. "Then I found out you were his son. And I thought...what worse pain is there than losing a child? Didn't want to hurt you at first, but then you had to go and run away. That pissed me off, Peter. And I don't deal well with anger."
Maggie fell forward against her desk and closed her eyes, crying silently. Her head hurt so bad. She knew it was one of her migraines. But the longer it went, the worse it got. She felt horrible, sick to her stomach. Every noise hurt. Everything hurt.
"Yeah, it's pretty important to make sure everything is where it should be. So we take time and make sure it's perfect."
'He said yes and is angry that you called him a cheater. I'm glad you're on my side though.'
Peter tensed and saw his papa do the same. They were both getting ready for a fight.
"That nickname's fair. Yeah, not blue. There was an incident involving a building and two assassins." She huffed and brushed off her sleeves.
"Next time I'll tell you if I use a spell on you." Strange said.
"Haven' heard the end yet."
Steve felt his fists clench. He was furious. He was done. No one was going to hurt his family. He wouldn't let it stand. He looked at Strange's limp body and stood up.
"Not too bad, for tiny thing." Nat commented. "But you picked the wrong guy to fight for."
Once safely in their home, they all collapsed on the sofa together, curled up under a blanket.
"And I should also be able to open my own meds."
"You tell me." Dr. Strange said. There was no judgement in his tone. "In that future, where your vision took you. What did you see?"
He walked down the block, webbed his backpack to the wall and put on his suit.
She tilted her head to the side as he turned a page...backwards. "Is it in Japanese or something?"
A bowl appeared in front of her on the coffee table, rice with vegetables and cheese. It looked as good as it smelled. "Thank you."
"Thank you. Peter's good too."
Tony made a soft, happy sound. "Love you too. Papa's going to do some investigating, but he'll meet us at the house. Stay safe. JARVIS, Karen, and I are watching. And Happy's the best. He'll keep you safe. God knows he's always kept me safe...mostly from myself, but you get the point."
"My friend, Peter. He looked lost...confused. He was scared. He was hurt too... He wasn't normal. And there was...he acted like there was something with him, someone with him. But there was nothing with him. He was surrounded by a vague sense danger but...there was nothing."
A support beam broke through the ceiling. The whole building groaned.
He laughed. "Sure."
Kate didn't. She walked with Maggie out of the room.
"Well-"
"That's what I need you to figure out. Solve that question and you and I can both get rid of a thorn in our side. You can even get full funding for the rest of your project."
"Can we not talk about this? I'm hungry."
"Do they count as knives if they're attached to a person or are they just appendages at that time?" Maggie mused.
"No. I'm fine. Thank you."
Maggie chuckled. "I'll think on it."
Steve nodded. "I also don't like it when people let it happen. I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt. But this school needs to crack down on some bullies. I don't know Mr. Thompson's family does for this school that allows him to get away with shoving my son or verbally abuse him. But you as members of the education system shouldn't be bought. My kid's wellbeing, shouldn't be tossed away for whatever money Flash's parents may or may not donate."
"No, you don't have to be sorry, kid." Tony soothed, pulling him close. "Let's get cuddled up. Maybe some rest before seeing your therapist, huh?"
Strange wasn't sure how much comfort that could be though, considering he didn't know what it actually was.
Warning for panic attacks and mentions of past sexual abuse of a minor.
"Nothing. To class?"
"He's been working really hard. I'm proud of him." Tony kept from making a face as he pulled his shirt on. "Things haven't been easy for him, but... He's been taking school really seriously. Straight A's. He's been doing ballet, which, my God, Helen, he's so talented. And he's been going to therapy. I mean, he's going through so much, but he seems to be handling it really well."
"What do you wanna eat, kid?"
"Two words: new suit."
"Cool. Safe for lemon and seltzer water too, right?"
"I've got everything scheduled for this afternoon, four o'clock, correct?"
Maggie frowned, her shoulders dipping. "Yeah. Gotta get a decent grade on this test or I'll get put in summer school again." Her cheeks turned red.
"Going classic on us huh?"
Peter paused and looked up. "You do?"
"Yeah." Peter nodded, grabbing food. "Uh, keep some space with her. She...has a thing, not sure, but just keep some space, okay? Even with people she knows and trusts she likes to have her space."
"Why not? It's not like there's any big bads."
Maggie's eyes widened. Something...weird happened. Her stomach...it felt strange, warm...tingly. She felt warmth flood her cheeks. Her neck suddenly felt itchy in the robe. She felt...squirmy. What was that feeling? What the fuck was that?  She'd never known that feeling. It wasn't normal.
"Oh...I'm sorry, you must be busy." Maggie looked down at her knees.
"I'm on my way."
"Ugh, bracing for school to start. How was your birthday?"
"Right, sorry, forgot." Ned whispered.
"Ugh. My school still has a couple weeks. I'm so jealous. This school year just seemed to drag." Peter huffed. His life had been a whirlwind of SHIT. Everything had seemed to be moving forward like crazy, except for school, which dragged. "Awesome job, though."
"Okay." Maggie didn't understand. How long did Ness think she was going to be gone? Dr. Strange would eventually send her home, probably sooner rather than later. She was difficult. She struggled with learning and focus, the two main things this whole trip was about. Teachers always got tired of her eventually. She was difficult to teach. Some would say unteachable. And now it was worse, she had such a hard time focusing. She'd have to try though, because her head had lost all sense of control after it had been slammed against that wall. She couldn't even remember how many times it had been hit.
Strange squeezed her hands gently and kept his hands there as her head settled in the dip of his shoulder. Her eyes stayed on Harry Potter for a short while more, then she fell asleep.
"I will. I promise." Peter nodded.
"What?" Maggie hissed when he closed the book. "Why do chapters end like that?"
The hit never met him. Tony blinked. Blue was between him and Stane. He'd recognize that ass anywhere. His comms crackled to life, automatically connecting to Steve. "Hey, honey."
She stepped out of her room and snatched her toothbrush and retainers from the bathroom, then stepped into the living room.
"Oh, agreed."
Steve lifted his hands without a word and took a few steps back.
"He likes you more than he likes me." Tony rolled his eyes.
Steve laughed and sent him a text back, then asked if there was anything specific he wanted. A camera flashed and Steve sighed. He was used to it at this point, but he wished it wasn't common. Being a superhero meant people gawked and took pictures. Since coming out and being with Tony, that had only gotten worse, but it was worth it in Steve's opinion.
"Yup, all cleared by our dear Dr. Cho. Hey, since Steve's off doing what he does...you and I can get uninterrupted lab time...if you want."
"We agree on that. Best companion?"
"Itsy Bitsy go splat."
"He does what?" Strange asked, appalled.
The heartbeat the person/thing next to him had didn't have a metallic echo, nor was there a hum from the reactor. It wasn't his dad's heartbeat. That meant... Shit. Peter felt panic rise in his chest. He took a slow breath and then he turned and frowned at Tony. "Crap, I forgot I needed to call my parents about my ride tonight. Is it okay if I do that real quick before I forget? I always get hyper focused on this stuff."
Take care.
"No it's not, worthy Peter. And you are a spider child as well. You are full of surprises." He grinned. "I knew you were a strong one."
"Sounds awesome." Peter nodded. "I need it after today. What are we going to make?"
"My brain's still activated. Maybe it's something in the incense." Her powers and brain always felt a bit active after time meditating. "I...heard my dad's voice."
"Yeah. That's always good. You said you and Dr. Dad were doing some reading. What're you reading right now?"
"I knew before Steve did." Tony shrugged like it was no big deal. "SHIELD has awful defenses."
Peter heard the phone pass hands.
Peter knelt with her. "You okay?"
"We've been calling you for DAYS, asshole." Vanessa snapped.
"What?" Steve asked, his forehead wrinkled as he looked at Tony.
The next thing Maggie knew, she was waking up on the armchair, Dr. Strange was on the sofa, looking through a book. The Time Stone was exposed, his hands glowed green as he read. "So you can use it to speed read, but I can't get a power boost."
"Bitch." Maggie rolled her eyes.
"What?" Tony asked. "Do you know where he is?"
Strange took a shaky breath. There had to be something, some way to know where they were. "...Vanessa, was she wearing a necklace when she left?"
"You're distracted."
Steve saw who was in the bed and sighed. Maggie, pale and still, compared to her normal color and constant movement. Her head was wrapped in a bandage. Bruises littered her body, the most gruesome were at her throat. She looked beaten to hell and back.
MJ calls everyone a loser, don't take it personally.
As they headed back up to their home...Peter wondered if Maggie was doing okay. He considered calling her for a moment...then shook his head.
"No. He jumped between me and a bullet once in a timeline I...adjusted. He's brave. He wouldn't over react to something or make something out of nothing."
"Yes, Peter...how did you know that?" Karen asked.
"I might. I'll text you when I need to be picked up. Just, um, text me when you get here, okay?"
Wade ruffled her hair. "You rest your pretty little head. I'll get food." He left the room.
Nat nodded and repeated the instructions to Thor. "Thor, did you copy?"
"One can only play so much video games. I'm athletic, I like being active." Maggie brushed her hair behind her ear. "I've beaten three FNAF games, beat two Pokemon games, played enough Dark Souls to want to strangle someone, beat Dragon Age, and I should probably paying Notch a therapist's wage, because Minecraft is one of the few things keeping my sanity in one piece while I sit around doing nothing."
"Well, the planet's fine so..."
"Thanks, honey."
"Francis?"
"Yeah. Just wondering what the fuck my life is."
"Me?" Peter frowned. "Ugh...just had a rough day a few days ago, still recovering." He didn't want to get into his psychological trauma acting up on him. "It's okay. I'm fine."
Steve instantly felt his face heat up. "You have to let that go, Tony."
"Yeah, that may not be enough. Wade does some really weird shit. But, I'll try to keep him in check. No promises." She turned for the elevator.
"See ya."
"Can you fly?"
"It's on youtube? What the hell?"
"Gotta go. Karen, what's going on?" Peter shot a web across the street at a building. "See you, Aaron!" He shouted as he swung away.
"Fair." Doctor Strange got up.
It was over an hour before the pain lessened enough for her to sleep...or maybe she'd just given in to exhaustion. He hoped her pain was less. His hands ached, but he kept rubbing her head gently, hoping it could help.
"Yeah." Maggie nodded. Sometimes being able to give herself time really did help. "It's cool in here." She walked up to a set holograms. There were equations on it. It took her a few moments to read the equation. Something about heat, pressure, friction, and power. Trying to balance all three. Maybe for joints, trying to keep them cool, moving smoothly and using the least amount of power possible. "Is this..." She took in the measurements. "For the prosthetic line that just came out?"
"Okay." He held out an arm for her. She stepped closer and he got a good grip around her middle before webbing them both up. It didn't take too long. He swung to the Sanctum, which was on the way towards the Tower. He gently landed on the front steps.
A man raised a gun at her.
Strange offered her his hand to help her off the floor, but then stilled.
The meeting itself would be tense, especially since Obie was nowhere to be seen, therefore a fucking wild card. But Tony knew this wouldn't be good. This was going to be ugly, even if they wore smiles while they tried to use and abuse him. JARVIS was still coming up against a brick wall in Obie's defenses, which meant he likely had help covering his tracks...or he made sure his business dealings were handled in a way that wasn't electronically available to begin with.
"You sound off?"
If you know the movie I'm quoting in this, unlike Steve, then you're my kind of people. Sorry about all the fluff and world building, but I need a break from action. (But, there are plot things hidden in this fluff, just because I don't want to write action doesn't mean I'm neglecting plot.)
"Okay." Peter sighed. "But you need to hand me your phone."
"Get better, Peter. See you next week, okay?"
"The what?" The nurse asked.
"It wouldn't bug you?"
"You know we were worried, right?" Tony asked.
"Presenting can't be too different from dancing."
"I don't need anywhere else." Strange said and walked forward to Maggie's side. "Hey, Margaret."
"Why would she need to go to the office for her medicine?" Strange asked, voice upset, bordering on angry. His hands though, were still gentle, trying to ease her headache.
"Yeah, kiddo." Wade nodded. "Made sure it was safe."
Alrighty. See ya'll next time, whenever that be.
"Wait...what?!"
"Please...believe me. He was here. I don't know where he went and I don't know how. But he was HERE." She insisted, pointing to the spot again. "I know a nightmare when I have one. I know when I'm dreaming and when I'm awake."
"Tell your boyfriend this is between you and me, Penis." Flash glared at Ned. "Still pretending like you got that internship?"
"Thanks, Peter."
"He'd just go looking for me worse if I stopped." Peter sighed.
"I'm a little-uh! SHIT-busy, Spiderman!" Maggie called back, her breath coming in rasps.
"Wilson, this is a medical ward, a place of healing. If you cannot sit down and lower your voice, I will remove you."
"That's what teammates are for, Stark. That's why you should have had us to begin with." She snarked, but said it with a small smile. She walked forward and handed Tony a file, likely full of the names of all the baddies. "How's my favorite baby elephant?" She walked forward and sat next to Peter.
"Fair enough." Strange agreed. Nothing would keep him away from Maggie either.
Peter frowned, but nodded. "Yeah, it's just been a rough time for him. I mean, his lab did blow up not too long ago. You know? Can't blame him for being stressed." That was all true, but not the whole truth. Peter knew it was so much more. Tony had to be really stressed and everyone dealt with stress differently, like Aaron had said. "It's okay. It'll be fine."
Peter nodded and pressed closer to his parents before getting up. Logically, he knew the drones were gone. Peter knew his dad had tracked down and destroyed all of them. Peter knew the people behind it were currently in prison awaiting trial. Peter knew Beck had met some gruesome fate, because his papa had looked off. That and Wade had made some cryptic remark about woodchippers, which had made Peter shiver. He never, EVER, wanted to get on Deadpool's bad side.
It felt oddly familiar and safe, crawling up the steeple and crawling into his old space.
"Fifteen minutes."
"Trust me...you've broken some of his." Steve said.
"Okay."
Wade turned to look at Beck. "So, quick question of the rhetorical variety, how many times did you hit my girl in the head?"
Maggie took his hand. Her fingers gently traced the scars there. Tears filled her eyes, then spilled down her cheeks. "You're real..." The brick hit the floor.
"It wouldn't've looked real if all of us pulled our punches." Steve sighed. "Just...we'll talk about this later. Right now, I get this done so I can get home to my family. They're both injured. Clint is too."
A car horn screamed at him, just as his spidersense did. He slid over the hood with ease as the driver screamed at him.
Peter looked at his phone during his last class.
Maggie nodded and relaxed, let her legs hang off the table. "Practice then?"
Peter sighed. "I wasn't athletic before I got my powers. I had asthma and was basically a twig. Gained thirty pounds in muscle after I got my powers...doing that overnight was...weird. I couldn't bench press before, so it'd be weird for me to do it now. An A- for me is low."
"Um...thanks." Maggie turned her head and then quickly sat down, putting on her boots again. "I'll uh...do that. I think there's a room in the sanctum with mirrors...though." She buried her head down as something fizzled warmly in her stomach. What in the hell was that?
"Nice to meet you, Maggie."
"Sure." Ned nodded. "You've got the thing tonight, right?"
"I'll walk you out." Peter grinned. "Make sure you take the suit for a test-drive. Anything you can think of needing, let us know, okay?"
"Should we wake her up?" Vanessa asked quietly.
Maggie wanted Wade and Ness and Strange. She was scared. She didn't even know who this guy was. Why was he doing this? She wished Strange were there. She didn't want to be alone.
"Don't be. My power has saved me and others a lot of trouble. I haven't been able to save everyone...but I've been able to help. I've seen pictures online and videos...that Stane guy, you might want to tell your dad that he's not a friend." She frowned.
"Uh...hi, Friday."
She took a breath and felt him lower her onto her toes again.
They both darted away as quickly as they could without making the instructor ask them what the hell they were doing. Peter took off for the alley way not far away, webbing his bag to a wall as he got dressed. By the time he was on the building, Maggie was in full Reset blue, mask over her eyes, hair pulled back. The mask was new, and hopefully would help her out if she was ever in a pinch, and had comms now too.
Vanessa shared a look with Wade, but finished washing her hair.
Steve raised an eyebrow. "Wow."
"Well, when someone jumps in front of a bullet for me, I consider you a friend."
"I could use a broom or something." Nat frowned, wondering if she could get Peter down with a broom. He really seemed to need someone to hold him and calm him down.
"What do we do? Can you tell where it is?"
"It'll be a learning curve. Can you do that slow spin one?"
"I took a cab, like a normal person." Maggie turned and waved to a taxi driver. "Thanks, Dopinder!"
Peter looked around in the common kitchen and, though he found leftovers he didn't feel like eating that. Pasta seemed too heavy. He looked in the pantry and found a box of fudge pop tarts, so he grabbed the box and took the last two packages, popping them into the toaster before going to get a drink. He downed a glass of orange juice before he refilled his cup and took his newly warmed pop tarts to the table on a plate.
Strange came back and sat next to her. "Alright, got you all the prescriptions you need. They'll have labels with instructions on them. Follow the labels religiously. It's important. You can't just have extra pain meds. And you have to have your antibiotics. You have open wounds. I cleaned them well, but germs are resilient, so take the meds."
"Oh, I will."
Maggie laughed, nearly tumbling from her rooftop perch. "I'll admit, that's gold. Can you beat this classic?" She started the Bubble Blowing dance.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter had escaped. Now she needed to bide her time and get herself out.
After a few seconds of fumbling, Steve snatched up the bottle, took two out and put them on the counter. "You can ask for help, you know?"
"I was going to call you a dumbass, idiot was putting it mildly." Nat rolled her eyes. "Hey, bud. Want to come down here? I promise you're not in trouble."
But so was his dad and all those people. He couldn't take time to be afraid.
Aaron turned and lifted the trapdoor to enter the church.
"You are gross." Peter's nose wrinkled.
"I do sometimes. Just isn't really worth it. Only take twenty minutes more to walk. If it's nice out, I'd rather get some air and sunshine." Maggie shrugged.
It clicked. All the weird times she felt watched. All the strange vibes. All the danger signs without any solid direction. This had to be him. It had to be. Right? "Spying on a kid, huh? What the hell do you want from me?"
"Shit, I am so sorry." He dropped his cup on the ground. "God, I didn't burn you, did I? I'm sorry. Let's go inside. They'll have some napkins and maybe some cold towels. I'm so sorry."
She couldn't breathe, but she reached, stretched for the brick. She managed to hit him in the face. His nose broke with a crunch. He fell to the side and she hit his temple one more time.
"Oh..." His voice was softer and his eyes registered understanding. "Okay. Where are you hurt, can you tell me?"
"No." Nat said, folding her arms over her chest. "You got us names. Clint and I will take care of those. We'll leave him to you and Wade."
"You are stronger than you know. I can tell it. I'm sure your teachers back at Xavier's knew it too. If you would have stayed you might have learned a thing or two."
Was ANY of this real?
"Maybe he's just worried. I mean...you still kinda look crappy."
"I'm sorry, Magpie." He whispered.
Everything in Wade wanted to rebel. He wanted to keep her safe. He knew what kind of shitbags existed in the world. Then again, she couldn't hide all her life, it would be damaging to her. She'd have trust issues for the rest of her life. And, in fairness, she dealt with most of them like a champ. She protected herself and kept her wits about her where most girls her age walked around acting like everything was fine and everyone was trustworthy. Wade liked that she was cautious. He didn't like that she was afraid.
Dr. Strange frowned. Could have been worse. Could have been so much worse. He managed to keep a teenage girl alive for a few hours. Maybe he could make it through Saturday and Sunday too. Maybe. He had no clue how parents managed keeping babies alive and happy and healthy. A teenager could induce a heart attack. What would a baby do?
Okay, so a couple of notes here. First, the next chapter is going to be all action, so if you're the praying type, pray for me. I hate writing action and this thing has been being worked on for...way too long... Which is why I'm distracting myself with more character development, which is more fun.
"You have limited data. The numbers are correct, but they might not be right, given all possible variables." Peter corrected. He trusted Tony's work, because who wouldn't, but even a genius couldn't be 100% correct without all the data. "If these numbers are right. His power source can't sustain that size of a suit for more than two hours, without suffering malfunctions or possible failings..."
"Shuuuuuuush!" Peter poked her side. "I'm just saying. If he helps you feel more stable and secure, you should let him know. He can help you better. Or maybe you could tell Wade and Vanessa you need more stability. You're allowed to talk to them. You're a person."
"I don't think I can put that in words." Peter shook his head.
Ness nodded. "Fair. She has a tough skull though. So, if you eventually need to hold up a sign, I'll give you some paper and some glitter glue."
"I hate my life." Peter groaned. Couldn't anyone have a private dance-off with their friend anymore? No. Not really. Nothing was private anymore. It sort of sucked. She'd just been so down for the past couple weeks. He'd wanted to try to cheer her up. Now they were likely Memes.
Peter sat on his bed and stared at the closet. He didn't know why he'd agreed to do this now. Things for SI had been crazy. The news was up in arms about why, when Tony Stark just got his company back, he instantly handed it over to Pepper Potts. Lots of rumors and crazy stuff. Plus the cessation of all weapons manufacturing. It was a media shitstorm. Zia Pepper was trying to distract with good press, but...damn. Even with one of the smoothest changes in power, ever...the news lost their shit.
"They're meant to be decoys. It's literally in the name. I made them as realistic as possible." Tony shrugged. "I'm paranoid, okay? I get that it doesn't help in our situation, but it usually works for me."
"Ma'am, no badge, no getting through." Happy's voice sounded.
"That's a lot of reading."
Maggie took a deep breath and bolted upright. "What the fuck! What did you put in my juice?"
"The Avenger's floor, Peter?" JARVIS asked.
He, without any hesitation, backed away.
"Yes, Widow."
"Right..."
She took a deep breath and grabbed him around his shoulders.
"Yup." Maggie promised.
"I'll come help you then!"
"It is my thing." Peter nodded. "Where's the problem most?"
No news outlets. No fighting. Nothing.
"We...found something."
"I could still set up Zio Happy to be your guy. He could totally feed you your speech from the sidelines. No one would know. I've had him do it before."
Sir wasn't going to like that.
"How di' you find me?" Maggie asked quietly, between spoonfuls of tapioca pudding that she was proud to say she was holding herself, though frustrated that that was about all the physical activity she could muster.
Hey, gonna hang with Maggie before patrol.
Wade's hand fell around her shoulders gently, rubbing her shoulder idly.
Mr. Stane walked right up to him. "Who let you into the building? This lab isn't part of the school tours."
"You alright, kid?"
"Kidnapped and tortured for five days. I'm pretty sure they smashed her head against a brick wall...probably three times too many..." He shook. His chest felt tight.
"The vote has you outmatched, sir." JARVIS said, starting the movie.
"I caught you, don't worry. Use too much power at once?" He asked quietly, helping her to her feet.
"I don't know. Not like I can call and ask..." She bit her lip and fidgeted with the necklace around her neck. She didn't know why...but she'd been doing that a lot since he'd gone away. It was a weird vibe, a feeling she had that seemed to draw her hand upward to it. "I don't want to bother him when he's fighting." She wished she could hear from him though.
"Like that one?" Peter snarked.
Steve wrung his hands, his head down. The phone in his pocket felt heavy. He should call Peter. But he couldn't just yet. "JARVIS, when Peter's out of dance tell him to come straight home."
"Under those circumstances...you being alone and scared, under threat... That's..."
Happy didn't argue the point as Pepper left the garage. They didn't have to wait, considering the heavy flow of traffic in and out, likely it was event parking. Happy pulled away as Peter and Ned divided the food three ways. The drive north was quite, but thankfully not full of any tension or awkward silence.
"You know me!" Peter called, heading for the door.
"Of course not. This is hell, but hell's funnier with dark humor." Maggie shrugged.
It wasn't meant to be pretty, though the aesthetic had it's uses. The grey crystal was in a complex weave of metal, a spell. To most people it would look unassuming. A cheap trinket or maybe a homemade charm. It was, however, a kind of tracking spell. In that, the energy it gave off would be something Strange could locate if he ever had to. Strange took it from Wong. "Thank you."
Peter settled in between them. It felt good, safe. Home. The love in that embrace was wonderful. And there was no threat to it now, no fear. Peter knew there were bad guys out there and that all three of them had people who'd love to hurt them. But this was solid, real. They'd make it through.
"I underestimated him the first time." Maggie rose to her feet, shaking her head. "He stabbed me in the chest last time. I thought I slowed him down, but turns out the arms could keep moving."
Tony smiled and waved his right hand. "Come here, Pete." Peter came closer and he kissed the teen on his forehead. "It's alright and I'm okay."
Tony's heart squeezed painfully in his chest. Tony looked at Steve, his hands shaking too much. Steve took the bag and opened the zip.
"Yeah...but I want you to be able to do it. Just go ask."
"I have a lot of time on my hands. Go on, it gets easier when it's read out loud. You can start hearing characters that way."
Beck reviewed the footage and smiled. Stane's stooges had use, of course. They could serve his purpose, while masquerading as someone else's plot. The footage was just so interesting. Tony Stark cared for the kid...not just as an intern. Beck had been wrong about that, it was so much more. He'd let Stane's plan implode on him, maybe the brute would get a few licks in on Stark, but Beck, he'd make sure to put in the final blow. Tony Stark would be an empty shell once he was done, and he'd have his beloved project all to himself again. Finally.
Sure, there was a doctor down the hall that she could ask, but... maybe research first. She frowned and opened her laptop doing a search. Her eyes widened and she felt...mixed. On the one hand, she'd always thought she was broken somehow. Girls and boys at school and dance had been whispering and giggling about sex since middle school. Girl talked all about things they thought and felt in the locker rooms. Maggie'd just assumed she couldn't have those feelings like her peers. That her abuser had been right, that she was broken because she couldn't feel those things.
Maggie huffed and closed her eyes and tried to focus. "So...it's going to rain."
"Hey, Itsy-Bitsy." Maggie landed next to him and sat at the edge of the building. She had a weird 'suit' these days. She wore most of what Tony had made her, the knife and fire-resistant black pants and gloves, as well as the boots and white undershirt. She wore the blue mask too, but over that she wore sleeveless army-green robes held around her waist with black, leather belts. It somehow worked on her and the robes managed to barely hid where her staff was holstered on her leg. "How are you doing?"
Peter rolled his eyes and Steve bopped him on the back of the head. "No," Peter said. "A suit. Something that could stop her from you know, getting stabbed that badly."
Christine nodded. "Keep her safe."
"It's true on some universe. So, just accept it."
"And grumpy." Steve added.
Peter couldn't see her open her eyes, but he saw Vanessa smile.
"You helped us out too, don't sell yourself short. Have a good night, kid."
"I heard you just fine. But this seemed more important." Wong shrugged head back down in his book.
"Th-they're no' s'icky n-no m-more." Maggie muttered, her face scrunched up.
Strange nodded and opened a portal. All of them stepped through, into the Tower.
'He's cheating, papa, he needs one of your lectures. Give him detention or something.'
Maggie stayed still as Strange lifted her gown, just enough to see the gash on her leg, even though she was wearing shorts. The oxygen mask on her face made peering down difficult, but it was fine, she didn't really want to see her insides. But the cut looked like ash had been caked in it. She didn't remember getting it. Probably got it on metal in the building while she was helping people out, considering the amount of ash and grime. "Alright. This isn't going to feel pleasant, but try not to move too much."
Remembering New York, remembering another time when he sat on a train alone racing through the city does him no good. But it feels strangely similar and haunts him as he thinks about those days early on after the Attack on New York. He’d gone to SHIELD, eventually, or back to it. Because he needed an alpha and he knew he couldn’t go to the blocks. At the time when he walked through the doors and asked to see Fury, he wasn’t even sure there still were blocks.
“I’m not squirming.” He denies it, but the truth is as soon as Tony said it, Steve consciously becomes aware of his fidgeting. “God, you’re right about that too.”
“And it has to be you,” Tony said with resignation. He understood where Steve was coming from even if he couldn’t find his way over to common ground. “We could look for a neutral party. Someone who could help? Maybe even Bruce would be amenable to helping too, since he’s Healer.”
“The point is you didn’t have to. You could have come to us, to me. To Steve, for God’s sake.” Tony sank down and bowed his head. “What have you done, Barton?”
“That it only seems logical that other key elements of the universe may be manifested physically.”
Now, he accepts the fact that he will return to the States with Tony, he’ll end up being interrogated by Ross’ goons. If Tony’s right and Ross keeps his word, Steve will be transferred to the Avengers’ facility. It isn’t a bad thing-;living his life in the Avengers facility; it’s what he’d thought his life would be but without the truth of freedom.
(See the end of the chapter for
She bows and says, “Thank you for allowing the Retreat to service you.” She leaves and Steve doesn’t know what to do.
Steve nods. He swallows down the bile, the panic, the tears. “Okay then. Goodbye. Tell Tony I wish him well.”
Steve frowned. “Not a word.”
Darcy smiles at Tony and puts a hand on her hip. “Now, you come in here with our Sheriff, I don’t recall saying it would be all right to do that, sir.”
As Tony pours his coffee, he tells JARVIS to put Richards through to the open line right after he gets Bruce here. It takes a while and he’s sure Richards is steamed, but Tony doesn’t give a shit. This is Steve. This is Captain America they are talking about, so Richards can fucking wait a minute. Bruce, bless his heart, joins Tony in the kitchen in record time. He looks a little harried, and his hair is dripping wet. Tony interrupted his shower, which demonstrates just how important Steve is to all of them – not just Tony. For some reason this helps Tony get through the next few minutes.
“What do they want him to do?”
JARVIS does and then man walks a few feet toward Tony. Only 20 feet separate them now. He says, “Why do you want the lion?”
“In your opinion,” Steve says as he settles within an inch of Tony on the couch.
“You think you can repair it, right?” Tony sounds desperate, as if he truly wants Steve to be okay.
Steve laughs, low and sweet. “If you didn’t already know, Tony I’m a sure thing.”
“Probably the trash bin too. You sure we should be eating that?” Tony needs to sit down now. His chest aches.
“I can hear you,” Tony grouses. “My limitations are few – so we’re working with a large canvas.”
“No,” Steve says. That hit far too close to home. “I don’t need that at all.”
“I don’t want that kind of publicity, Nat. You know what would happen with the prince if it was found out. So no. I’m not reporting it and will deny it-.”
Without pause she started down the hallway and Steve followed. They ended up in a small room off to the side. When Steve rounded the corner and entered the room, he staggered to a stop. Clint was tied to the bed, throwing his head around, his body jittering as if he was going through withdrawals. Sweat puddled around him, covering his body. The stench of fear and adrenaline filled the room.
Steve raises an eyebrow. “You are not horse man, are you?”
Steve only stares at the glittering crystal on his desk. It’s a dark color, not black, but almost auburn and it reminds him of Tony’s hair. He swallows and shakes his head. “If you say he’s the rep, then he’s the rep. What can I do about it?”
As Tony stares at the families he realizes one person has been starred. “Who is this?”
“Yeah, it’s really me. And to prove it to you, we both figured out where Loki was going to be during the Chitauri attack when we were talking about Coulson’s death. Pretty sure my bastard robot son doesn’t know that.”
He dreamed of clouds on fire. Not smoke issuing from the flames, but actual billowing, white clouds in the sun afire in a blazing red and yellow conflagration. It covered the landscape and reached up into the sky. As he walked through Hell’s garden, none of the fire touched him. It didn’t burn. It didn’t hurt.  Each blossom of flames grazed his skin. Steve stepped on petals of fire and the soles of his feet remained unharmed. The fire suffused into him, became part of him. Through the flames he journeyed, knowing a destination was at the end of the field of fire, but not knowing what that end goal was. The flames became things in his life. Shadows danced about the fire threatening to claim it. Nothing doused them. He came to understand that the fire wasn’t a danger but the soul of life to him. He touched it as one might brush a hand across the edge of leaves in a forest or flowers in a meadow. It encompassed him, surrounded him like a shell forming around him.
“Something like that,” Clint says. “But tell me she’s wrong.”
“I’ve watched this hundreds of times. Seen one vamp after another dry out here. Their skin flays off, their eyes melt away. The only thing that’s left is the fangs. That’s all you are. A godless creature who doesn’t deserve to live,” Rumlow said. “And you know how many times your boy ended up intervening? How many times he fought against this punishment for vampires? So many. It’s a wonder we didn’t know sooner where his real loyalties lied.”
The great caw screeches through the sky again and Steve scans the sky expecting to see a massive monster. What he sees is a murder of crows heading for them. The winds have no effect on the birds at all, their shrieks carrying over the thunderous roar. He sees thousands of birds. It’s impossible for him to warn Tony since the din of the gusts pick up again sounding like a freight train. He’s smart enough to identify the potential tornado targeted for them, but it’s not bothering the birds at all. The swarm flies closer and Steve takes this as a warning to get the hell out of there. He picks up his speed and hurries up the hill, throwing Tony off kilter.
“Come.”
As they approached the second critical care unit, Bruce walked out of the rooms. Bruce cleared his throat and answered their questions without prompting.
“What’s that?” Steve said and stood up.
Love, Steve learns, is an error in the system.
“I get the power; I get your future. I get the chance.” The Red Skull goes silent. He knows he’s given too much away.
“Is that why your muscles are trembling?” Tony grits back. “I know a shock rod injury when I see one.”
“No, I want to warm your cock for a while.”
He shrugs and tugs at it. “My client?”
The V-Corp agents went about their work without complaint. They pulled out the wood gag, and then unbound the body. The creature on the gurney squirmed about as if seeking something. When one of the agents got too close to the mouth, it snapped at him. The agent jerked his arm away from the sharp fangs.
The press conference goes as Tony expects, held in the lobby of Stark Industries. The crowd of reporters rivals the one he had when he announced his identity as Iron Man. People are clamoring to ask Steve questions, but Tony keeps him at his side and the little he speaks is enough to have the entire audience swoon.
“A little,” Steve replied. “I never backed down from anything in my life. Yet, now.” He stopped as if he’d run out of fuel.
He wants Tony; he needs to be honest with himself. He’s denied and obfuscated about his tendencies for too long. His gaze has dropped, he’s pulled his hands away and they lie fallow in his lap. He bows his head and wonders what else is there to say. Should he fight this urgency, this need? Is his God merciful, or is will God damn him?
Again, he checks in with Steve. As he lightly touches his thigh, he asks, “Are you ready?”
He gets the audience to quiet again. “I’ve had the fortune to have the best medical care over the years. I think others should have the same opportunity.” He turns his attention to the paparazzi and Steve can see the Christine Everhart is front and center. “I’ve had the opportunity to stay behind the shadows, but I’m not going to anymore.”
“Allah does not answer to you.” He raises his hand and snaps his fingers. The back hatch of the SUV slams open and a shrill yell scrapes the air. An electric discharge fires and then the beast charges out of the vehicles and straight for them. Hunter flicks something out of his sleeve and presses a button. The lion cowers as the collar around its neck crackles. He goes down and groans in pain.
“I’m sorry, I don’t understand.”
“Don’t worry. You don’t have to worry ever again.”  It takes a long while to calm Blu and the ache in Tony’s chest isn’t from his ribs, but from the hole dug there by a lion. He soothes the beast and quietly speaks to him until night falls.
“My asshole,” Steve supplies and frowns.
His mind racing, Tony says, "We only have one shot at this. I don't think we'll be able to go far. We have enough fuel to scorch the place and then hightail it out of here. I'm thinking it's going to fly us about a mile or so, if we're lucky and I arc it right."
“You saw what I saw, Steve. SHIELD was – is building Hydra-type weapons. I don’t think you approved of those, did you?” Bruce watched him and, for a moment, he thought the scientist weighed whether or not to trust him.
“It’s okay. Just let me do the talking.” The doorbell rings and it’s a delivery man with a FEDEX box. Tony signs for it. “This should be our rings.”
"Tell me, Tony, you're taking this project seriously. We need those propulsion systems up and running at the quarterly eval for the COTR. We go into that meeting with the DOD and they are going to be fuming if they don't see progress."
in it needs me to stay put.”
“Thrust level 3,” he commands and the dildo thrums to life. Immediately it’s obvious that Steven’s surprised and turned on by the fake cock in his ass. He tries to shove back on it, but of course it’s already deeply embedded.
Steve goes to the bed, disrobes quickly folding his clothes in order to get the courage up to turn around and face the stranger. He was in the army, being naked in front of other men isn’t a problem. Yet he still has to turn around. The alpha takes over.
“Anything?”
Sam continued. “Maybe it’s not the universe. Maybe it’s you. Maybe you’re trying to tell yourself something. You really think that some all-powerful force is aligning everything in your life and that you have no say in it. Phew, there goes freewill out the window?”
Brushing away the curls from falling into Tony’s eyes, Steve whispers, “I wish you were right.” His shoulders sag. “Let’s go.”
“T-team?” He looks at Tony as the demon’s red eyes stare at the flickering flames.
“Don’t think of it like that,” Pep says. “Seems to me you’re learning, even these last few days. You’re aware.”
He raised his coffee mug to them as he scooped up the plate with the waffles in hand and headed toward his workshop. With a little time and energy spent not thinking of his weird dreams, Tony focused on his work, though his mind drifted to the soul and the core and his astral projection more than once. He found himself muttering the cursed Mantra. He hated it but acknowledged it for what it was worth. It worked. It kept his brain on the task at hand. He didn’t get so much feedback from the new threads of the pack reaching out to Barnes and mystery witch girl and speedy brother. Maybe that explained the strange dreams.
“Sir, Doctor Richards is back in the line again,” JARVIS announces.
“Everywhere,” Tony says and manages to put ice on the swelling on Steve’s cheekbone because Clint gave him a cold gel pack. He keeps his words low and his tone soothing as he asks, “Anyone helping you?”
"Then I'm Captain America."
“Okay,” Steve says. He brings the water back to Bucky’s lips, who only tastes it but doesn’t truly drink any of it.
Wong launches into a historical brief about Pym and his nanotechnology that he calls Pym particles – the arrogant son of a bitch (Wong’s words not Tony’s).  Apparently, Pym uses computer learning with the nanotech pym particles to teach them to appropriately identify the correct target. The particles are too small to load the package and too many cause an immune attack as Strange informed Tony. The possibilities and the potential are mind blowing. Surprisingly, Wong is able to impart all of the details verbally with only a few braille aids that happened to be sitting in Tony’s lap.
“Okay.” Steve’s not sure how he should react.
Tony had looked away then and his gaze drifted to the nebula swirling beyond the window port. “I don’t think there’ll be much of me left by then.”
Natasha holds up her hands. “I know. I know. I’ll pick something out and then we’ll get you over to his ship.”
Hacking SHIELD, the pre-eminent spy organization in the world, takes half a day for JARVIS. Tony is impressed with JARVIS and a little disillusioned with the rest of the world. Fury is an idiot for not bringing him onto his team, but then again Tony once told the US Senate to eat his ass.
“I won’t be able to use the virtual reality goggles either – all that much. That means I don’t get any work done,” Tony says.
Once finished he joined Natasha at the side of the gurney. Her brows furrowed as she checked Steve’s pulse point. “He’s weak. Very weak.”
They navigate toward one of the booths in the back. Mid-day, mid-week the deli is busy with Manhattan district workers and inhabitants. It’s a mass of humans in the middle of their day, lost in the mindlessness of daily activity and routines. Before Tony comments, Steve has the menu open and is ordering from a waitress that looks like she’s straight out of the fifties. “And a chocolate milkshake for my boyfriend, extra whip topping and a cherry. No, two cherries please.” He grins at Tony and there’s nothing for it, Tony smiles back.
It was obvious, from the look on her face, that she'd thought of that too.
Tony almost saw tears at the corners of his eyes, but he must have been mistaken.
Yeah, in both timelines.
It would probably help if he also believed it.
Steve had never been, was his thought as he watched her leave.
What could go wrong there?
Tony didn't want to argue about that, though. It wasn't like Steve would ever listen to him, not really, not even enough to at least try and understand, let alone agree.
He still had no idea why, or how, or when. Though, at this point, “when” wasn't particularly important now that it had started – Tony would argue, here, because the when was important if you wanted to figure out what was happening, how it had happened, and how to make it stop, but Tony was a scientist, in the end, he was the one who figured things out, while Steve was the one who punched them out, most of the time.
Tony gritted his teeth and said nothing when the mansion – his only true home, though he did appreciate his other residences – was destroyed by the Masters of Evil. Because he understood that this was the results of his actions, of his choices, of the Avengers' need for headquarters. He had painted a target on the mansion, by all but giving it away to them, because he could provide and someone needed to. The fact that it hurt him every single time a supervillain blew a hole in it didn't matter compared to that.
Confirmation, Falcon had recognized him even in the dire light and general lack of comfort offered by “Dell Rusk”'s hospitality – which, by the way, come on, Secretary of Defense? How? And what were the damages?
“And the Sentinels? Are they really...?”
“...And tell him if he needs anything, ever, I hope he knows I've got his back.”
Steve tried to argue, or at least he wanted to, it was written on his face plain as daylight – except they were in the dark and Tony could only see some details of his facial expression, but even that was enough to guess the exact face Steve was currently doing – but he didn't seem to be able to find the words, so he just ended up holding onto Tony with too much strength – and Tony couldn't feel half of it, because he couldn't feel much past the general impression of pain and through the chestplate.
He thought back to the time they saw each other, just after the armor wars. When he'd decided there was no point trying to explain anything to Steve, because Steve didn't care for an explanation that he didn't agree with, even if it was the truth.
Steve, despite all the shit he'd dealt with, hadn't faced mind control like some of them – and sure, some of it was because he was mentally resistant to that kind of things, but there were so many ways to be controlled, not all of them were an affair of mental strength. More than that, his powers were, while above the usual human's, rather tame, so the physical damage he could do if he lost it – which didn't happen to Captain America, of course it didn't happen to him, until one day it would and then he'd have to face the music like everyone else, and because there wouldn't be any kind of regulations in place, maybe he'd get away with it, or maybe they'd just decide to execute him and be done with it – was minimal, compared to, say, what the Sentry could cause. Or Carol, when she'd been drinking. Tony, too, and surprisingly enough the damage from his drunken days was minimal, compared to the times he'd been taken over, because he'd been lucky and had stopped before it had gotten a chance to happen again.
He took off the faceplate, and looked T'Challa in the eyes.
“Just us, helping people that need help. The big problems. I can find us a place, if needs be. And then, we'll figure the rest out together.”
You could say a lot about Iron Man, about Tony Stark, about hypocrisy and double standards, but you couldn't accuse him of lying here. Besides, hypocrisy and double standards were far from being his alone.
It wasn't as if he was the only one who thought so.
The thought that maybe Steve did order an attack – an abduction, maybe, but what would they want Happy for? – but it went too far, crossed Tony's mind, and he dismissed it. Though Steve had decided superheroes didn't have to answer to anyone except themselves, he couldn't yet be at the point where he would disregard something like that over his campaign against “oppression”.
Tony wondered for a moment if it was possible to be mostly straight, and only demisexual when it came to men – if that was even the word, people these days were way too snobbish when it came to someone's sexuality and romantic attractions. Like, my type is women, and Steve because I have feelings for him.
When Tony woke up next, he was feeling very, very weird, and everything was... green. Uh. Ah, right, skrulls. Tony blinked, hard.
What would happen to him after this all got dealt with – assuming he wouldn't beg Nick's LMD to fry his brain in order to stop him definitely by then – wasn't that important, not compared to everything that had happened, that could still happen if it went on, not to the lives lost and the blood spilled.
Steve didn't know what to make of that – or rather, he feared to learn what Gyrich, at the head of SHRA, was going to make in terms of damages, especially with Sentinels to do his bidding – but he didn't like the sound of what this article was saying, and he didn't like that he couldn't really deny any of what it said, even if he still didn't think Sentinels were justified.
“I... I really need to know. There's something up with Tony, and no one will tell me anything.”
Steve jolted around, and...
It wasn't what Steve needed, right now.
He didn't point out that he wouldn't be stupid enough to put someone he was blackmailing into a walking weapon of mass destruction like the Iron Man armor, that would have just been begging to get murdered in your sleep. Or, in the scenario where he apparently was an abuser, how exactly he was supposed to hurt someone who, once again, had access to a hightech suit of armor.
Blackbolt, unsurprisingly, didn't say a thing.
He wasn't there anymore.
Who was dead, because...
So he moved on.
Also, even if Emma wasn't quite on the same scale of comprehension as people like Tony or Reed – though, for Reed, you had to point him towards it, because a sense of human feelings was not something he was comfortable with – she was far from stupid – and unlike Steve, she'd faced prejudice for so long she was never going to believe in the goodness of the american people when it came to ensuring mutant safety. She knew what was coming, and she might not agree with Tony's approach, but she wasn't naive.
He gnashed his teeth, but the choice was already made.
In the end, Tony'd rather be shot down than endanger people.
Steve had tensed behind him, Tony could say because he felt the weird and fleeting lack of air against the back of his neck of a breath being sucked in and not let back out right away.
He couldn't look Steve in the eyes, though, when he asked the question.
“We're a bit ahead of schedule, actually, but since you've practically fallen into our arms, we might as well proceed. So, you're going to come with us on a walk.”
And after that, he'd probably be accused of “explaining the world” to people he thought of as less than himself. Impossible to defend yourself when people didn't want to see anything else but condescension in your words.
Steve could answer by repeating Peter's alias. He could.
Once more – a last one before leaving, Tony figured – the man who'd called himself Iron Man's friend for about eleven years decided it would be swell to just try and antagonize him a little bit more.
What was he doing here?
Steve couldn't see Stark anymore, and for a moment he thought he'd left.
Through gritted teeth, Steve tried to reinstate the truth for what it was.
He wondered what Steve was thinking, on the other end of the line, as a few seconds passed before an answer came.
Except Tony couldn't say anything about that, not right now, not yet, perhaps not ever, because if he did Cap would just close in on himself and sulk more.
The problem was that, once Steve would know the answer, he wouldn't believe anything else Tony might say afterwards. Because, well, Tony Stark.
No one doubted Captain America's good will – unless they themselves had some questionables morals and / or objectives.
That was when he heard it for the first time.
There, if the world was fair and Steve was as perfect as everyone thought him to be, he'd ask him why. He'd give him a chance to explain. And maybe, maybe he wouldn't agree, but at least he'd hear him out. Before it was too late, before all the eyes and cameras in the world turned around and kept Tony limited in what he could say and promise aloud.
It could be a start.
After a moment of silence, he carefully offered something that wasn't an answer, and wasn't a lie either, if you took it a certain – twisted – way.
“We are...”
As if he had wished some of them would die on the way, killed by the Supreme Intelligence in its last efforts of defense – which had been suspiciously weak, but that was a matter to think about later – as a punishment for their decision.
“You've become aggressive, paranoid, and angry at your teammates, since you've taken Extremis. Last time this happened, you started your armor wars and almost got killed by the government.”
So, the Captain was here, Iron Man was here, and the Guardsmen were here too, unconscious, at Tony's feet. Not difficult to guess who Steve was going to defend.
But he'd still do it.
“What do I call you?”
“You can't! Don't do this to me, please!!!”
He wondered what he had done wrong, this time, and almost managed not to care.
Not that it'd be enough, since he'd still be out there killing people, but at least it'd tell him when he fucked up, that'd tell him when to throw himself into a Faraday cage instead of trying to prove his non-existent innocence.
As for Tony Stark, well. The Avengers kind of liked him, but they weren't exactly friendly. It was just that, Jan aside, they didn't know him, and, for obvious reasons, Tony wasn't trying really hard for that to happen. He wasn't half-bad at this secret identity jig, but it wasn't like he never made mistakes – half of it was really that people just couldn't imagine him being heroic and so didn't even consider the possibility of him actually being a hero. If he could keep out of the way as Tony Stark, that was probably better for everyone, himself included.
He stood up – heavy, his soul whispered, not that he had a soul left – and walk around the table. Put a hand on Steve's shoulder – saw when his friend's first reaction was rejection, thinking this was, what? A way to get close and kill him with a single blast?
The question that followed wasn't one he'd expected.
The worst, of course, was that Tony understood. Which meant he couldn't even really blame them, and could only blame himself for doing something good and suffering because of it. No good deed went unpunished, indeed.
Not sure what good it would do, after everything. After all the times before. After all the failures to communicate.
Like he'd ever say it to Tony without the mask on.
Yeah, wasn't that a big part of the problem?
“Pepper left me two messages, Tony, and she was worried and angry in the first and careful in the second, saying you'd fired her and disappeared, then that you'd been hurt. So, what happened?”
Except for the fact that.
But what?
Still, he kind of wanted to hear it, to...
Wouldn't it be better if he did, if it just so happened that it needed to happen?
Tony closed his eyes, thinking of Firepower, years ago, of the fact that if they gave the people and the government the impression that they thought themselves above the law, there would be a reaction, there would be opposants who'd think themselves right to fear them, to herd them, and to kill them. And this time, everyone would be behind them.
Of course, Kooning wasn't stupid enough to do that, and therefore Hill did not kill Tony.
Misty wasn't done, though.
Also, because someone needed to remind Steve that his point of view wasn't always entirely right, if not entirely wrong, and that making a choice always meant jeopardizing something, no matter how much the man didn't want admit it.
Still, it told a story, and because Tony understood, it didn't mean it didn't hurt – only that he could forgive it, on top of living with it.
Made sense, you didn't want to be Howard's son in that world and be a mutant – Howard hadn't been, actually, anti-mutant, or racist, or sexist for that matter, at least way less than most rich white men from his time, but Tony guessed that in just the right context, with the right incentive, like becoming the oppressed minority, well, Howards might have gone that way.
Steve squinted at him – not in suspicion or anything quite as negative at that, but more like...
Then the man brought forth a hand.
And now about himself.
From what the Avengers and the Fantastic Four – thankfully Doctor Doom had not called Tony Stark to gloat and tell him he did remember what had happened and who he really was, though at this point Tony wouldn't be surprised if the man did suspect the truth, Victor wasn't an idiot after all – had figured out, Counter-Earth had been a construct of Franklin Richards' mind where the child had “salvaged” the Avengers who'd sacrificed themselves against Onslaught, and only Thor, Reed, Susan, Tony, T'Challa and Crystal, and possibly Bruce – not that anyone was going to try and interrogate the Hulk about it – actually remembered what had happened there in details. Also, while about one year had gone on on Counter-Earth, only three months or so had passed here, for some reason Reed and him were already squinting at thoughtfully, but he didn't want to think about it right now. Especially as three months had been enough for Morgan to make a mess, SE to be bought by Fujikawa Industries, and Tony to be declared dead – and of course, everyone was swallowing his excuse that Iron Man hadn't been able to come and save him after he'd been once again abducted by villains as the armored Avenger had been stuck in a pocket universe, hook, line, and sinker, because it was somehow easier to believe than to make the guess that maybe Tony Stark was Iron Man.
“You've got to see a doctor, a... a surgeon, someone has to be able to help.”
“Excuse me, but maybe we should address the actual subject here; what are we going to do to deal with this shit show?”
He wondered, too, if, perhaps, it was Tony that Steve had misjudged, and not Iron Man, if, in fact, he was worthy of Steve's friendship and Steve just failed to acknowledge it. But that would imply that Tony was a way better man than he knew himself to be, and so it couldn't be right.
He didn't want to do it, but well. If it was Steve doing something considered illegal, because he thought it was the right thing to do, and Iron Man was standing in his way, trying to make him change his mind, Steve would do exactly the same thing, and he would be unapologetic about it.
Tony knew the situation quite well. “Tony Stark”, after all, had been blamed for everything that went wrong between Captain America and “Iron Man” for years. When it was his fault, when it was because of them both, and when it was Steve's fault.
Of course that was what the East Coast team thought.
She closed her eyes, probably going through his memories now, and weirdly enough Tony didn't actually feel violated. Wasn't that something he should be feeling violated about?
Steve wasn't sure what he'd tell them when they came back.
The sound of a glass being put down on a counter, liquid sloshing around, got his attention. He was alone in his private rooms at the Tower, Extremis hadn't picked on anyone through the security cameras, but with powered people – or even superscience – you could never be entirely sure.
At first he didn't drink, as it was. Then he broke into pieces. Then he drank.
The original – though you had to consider Isaiah Bradley, who, in a way, was the original Captain America even though he wasn't The Captain America, and here Tony was dragging out his teenage years of curiosity about the myth of Captain America and that wasn't good, he was supposed to know the guy and even if they apparently weren't friend they did know one another and Tony had absolutely no idea how to deal with that and pretend it wasn't the first time he met one of his idols.
Peter was nodding, too.
Bold words from a man who couldn't even consider being wrong about his profiling of a man he had never agreed to get to know, from a man who had just demonstrated how much control he thought he should have over someone else's life and opinions when those didn't go exactly as he pictured it in his perfect little world.
Right. Blame it all on Tony Stark, Steve. It wasn't like it was unexpected coming from you.
On this end of the story, he guessed, the first thing to do would be to talk to Doctor Strange about what was going on. If magic was the cause of all of this, the magician would know what to do.
He wasn't able, and he acknowledged it.
Tony wasn't entirely sure why other-him had never tried to become Rogers' friend – possibly, he had been too busy, he hadn't had the time to give the man that much time outside of being Iron Man – but now he had the time – kind of – and perhaps it was time to finally try.
He'd have to consider carefully which option was the best, the safest – for Henry – or the more efficient – for Carol – depending on who went to talk to her.
And that? That he believed in.
To give him the benefit of the doubt.
So he'd decided to go with the second option, then, dissing Tony Stark – just, without mentioning the last part about how Iron Man was disappointing him for not agreeing dumbly with Steve. Or perhaps Steve didn't think Iron Man intelligent enough to be able to make the distinction between what was “right” and what was “wrong”.
“But it matters to me that it's a secret. I... just think...”
So Tony gave him a tentative smile, as always.
The room he was in showed the sky, and it wasn't through a window. He knew what it was supposed to look like, and yet he still couldn't quite remember it, as all that came to his mind was the catalogue of the various destructions the room had seen over the years.
The best thing that could happen would be for Steve to stay, to help make sure nothing went wrong, that there weren't any collateral damages, but that was about as likely as seeing Fury cross-dressing – cigar in mouth, still – for the aforementioned reasons, and anyway Tony wouldn't allow it because Steve would then be associated to this whole mess and his name would be stained too.
He wasn't the one who shouted, though.
"Ten years, huh? We had a good run, I'll say that."
Then he saw a leg lying on the ground where Tony had been standing, he understood that the SHIELD agent next to it was trying to do whatever they could to save someone, and not just crouching down for the hell of it, and...
The supersoldier looked barely conscious, and that said something about the potency of the red stuff, but that really wasn't the moment to consider such things – except it was, because Tony had an idea and Steve wasn't going to like it when he'd wake up but at least he'd wake up and if Tony didn't make it, well, it wasn't like Steve would be able to berate him anymore.
“They said the vampires like to prick you and the blood pours out like a fountain. They like to drink from your eyeballs!” He screamed a little then because at that age Tony had a very active imagination.
He takes a few calming breathes and then shakes his head. “No, no. Can I get something to drink?” His mouth still feels dry and cottony.
Bruce raged up onto his knees as his forearm showed the same mark that Steve now sported in addition to the brand bracelet. It curved into concentric circles and speared through with green. Steve thought it was ironic and trite but none of that mattered as Bruce transformed – the Hulk bursting free and launching at Steve. Scrambling to his feet, Steve lurched away but the chairs and the rest of the Avengers were in the way. He toppled but the Hulk easily seized him by his neck and squeezed. Steve slammed his fist into the Hulk’s face to little affect.  It only served to cause the beast to howl and grip his fist tighter around Steve’s neck.
“Mrs. Clint wanted to know if you two love birds are coming to breakfast,” Sam called from the other side of the door.
“Drink, a lot, because this is going to hurt like hell,” Tony says.
Wanda gazes at Vision, her focus intense and unyielding. “Yes, they were.” She snaps out of it and then turns to Steve. “So, you think things are going well with the prince? Do you think he’ll commission you to come along on his ship after?”
Bucky sidles up to him and knocks him in the arm with an elbow. “Come on, you know you want to. Leave the negotiations for the damned politicians. Since when are you a politician anyway? You’re a ship’s captain, not a Commander.”
Tony frowns; Penny is a little bit of an elitist when it comes to others of her kind. “Preferences?”
“What are you talking about?” Tony said. Steve needed to get the nervous energy out, the horrible, festering energy. He paced to the beautiful, dark, marble fireplace and then back to the kitchen. “Rogers. Steve! What is going on?”
“My family works in weapons and that will change the landscape. They won’t stop me from getting the chair at the Council. I’m the only one with the army to hold it and the means to have it,” Tony says and he sees a shadow pass over the omega’s face as if something haunts him.
“Ah! Look whose talking? You flew a bomb into a hole in space. You always try and do the right thing and take everything on your own back. So don’t tell me-.”
“That’s all sugar. No. Your mother will kill me, and I won’t get to see you next weekend.”
“Surely.” Thor nodded but never moved.
“It’s already done.” Steve opened the door and started forward, not looking back to see if Tony followed him. He knew Tony would; he clung to Steve by keeping his hand on his shoulder as they crept around the corner and then toward the open bay of the garage.  Tony jerked his hand on Steve’s shoulder, indicating the direction of his cars. Steve had to admit silently to himself that using the same truck was a dead give-away and they would never make it more than a few miles out of the compound.
Tony lifts his gauntlet and aims, a repelling cable shoots out and lands precisely at the top of the ridge. “Can you get us up?
When they get to the gala, held at the old Stark Mansion, Steve stands on the sidewalk as Strange pays the cabbie. Hands in pockets he watches at the media frenzy around him. He knows that Tony is supposed to have held a plenary for special guests and then the big gala will take place. According to the draft agenda that Steve had seen earlier in the summer, the plenary session on the Maria Stark Foundation and then the gala following would require Tony to wear his glasses over 6 hours – long beyond the routine he normally did. Steve assumes Tony either fixed the issue with the upgrade or restored to the previous version.
No girl and her brother.
“Vision said that Wanda’s almost done with the lunch. She wanted to know if you want your lunch out here or would you prefer the dining room?”  Steve asks. He’s a little more timid in his question than normal.
“If you want it, I don’t have to-.”
CHAPTER 6
The first thrust sends him skyward, the brightness of lights a living thing inside of him. No. He cannot see, but yes, he sees everything. His senses are afire with it. The thrusting, and movement pitch him to the heavens, and he shudders and shakes. He cannot stop himself. His body roils with it, he’s free of every Earthly impediment. Released from his anxiety, his self-doubt. Under Steve’s tender, loving hands, he’s who he should always be. Then they are moving together. Steve moans into Tony’s ear and cries out as he moves in rhythm with Tony. He’s hot and sweating. Tony grips Steve’s face and kisses him, hard, passionate and resoundingly.
“I already told you, you’re my Kryptonite. As far as this-.” He giggles a little. “This is how it is when I need food. You are right about that, but I usually hide it.” Steve snorts and starts to full out laugh.
Natasha is upstairs with the rest of them, helping or doing what she can. He's not sure, because his brain boils at what happened. He's lost Clint and Bucky - if he losing Bucky he doesn't think he can stomach it, he knows he can't stomach it. This is his curse, he should have listened to Bucky.
“You were the one who figured out how to weave all the soul energies together. You bonded us all during the funeral. That means you are his strength, his glue,” Natasha said.
The V-Corps agents stood and watched him flounder about, trying to get to the side of the building. They mocked and laughed at him. He dug his nails into the asphalt of the roof and attempted to crawl, but he had no strength left. Nothing. His body felt dried out already. One of the agents bent down and grabbed his arm. Another took his other arm and they hoisted him to his feet. The hot roof burnt the soles of his feet as they marched him to the cross. He tugged and thrashed but nothing stopped them. The sun rose and as it did, every second bleached out his power, his strength ebbed away, until he was almost grateful when they knelt him in front of the cross, his back to the wood.
“Necessary enough to have Bruce calling us up and asking what the hell is going on?” Natasha chimed in.
Steve shifted his focus to Tony and then back to Bruce. Steve’s gaze simmered like an egg about to crack from being over boiled. Without much rationale to stay put, Tony did the only thing he could think of – he left but didn’t say goodbye or wish the good (bad) Captain well. In fact, he kind of wished Captain America would get frozen again and leave his company (and his building).
“You are incorrigible.”
As a vampire he’d roamed the streets looking for signs of the illegal dens so that he might get a taste of human blood rather than the cold pig’s blood in the coven fridge. He shouldn’t think about blood and food; it just made the wild hunger that grew more distracting and worse. Tony should have confessed his state to Natasha, though Thor recognized it. He’d suspected something was up with Tony’s maturity as a vampire because of the serum. From Tony’s readings and his father’s notes, the serum not only perfected Steve’s metabolism but also sped it up. That was one of the reasons Tony drank more often than other vampires.
Steve heads to the couch. With his best Captain voice, he explains, “Usually I’m able to open the door – sorry that’s what I’ve been calling it to myself all this time – within a few minutes of thinking about it. It only takes a few minutes, but it’s always easier if I’m drawing a memory.”
“It’s hard these days.”
He feels the blush in his cheeks as the heat rises to his face, but he cannot stop. There is something about the bond – Tony admitted it – he felt something, something strong enough to draw him back and save Steve. The bond only grows the more Tony touches Steve’s wings.
Purgatory.
“You don’t seem surprised or upset to see someone with wings,” Steve says and he’s weary from sitting up.
The words shiver through Tony like an ice storm. They pelt him and he waits for the lights to go out with their fierceness, but it never happens. He hears the words and it takes moments to compute them, to put them together with what he knows, what he fears, and what can be. When he looks at Steve, he doesn’t see earnestness, he sees determination and power. He may have been playing more innocent and earnest before, but he’s shed all of that to show Tony more of who he is and what he’s willing to offer. He thinks tears may sting his eyes. “That’s good to know, because I’m going to tell you something. I want to you remember that after I finish telling you.”
“Fuck Cho!”
Tears blur Tony’s vision. “I can’t do this. I can’t lose you. You’re my everything.” Over the course of a few short weeks, Blu taught him devotion, loyalty, and unwavering resolve. The time in the cave only scratched the surface in comparison with what they shared. How connected and essential Blu had become to Tony.
“There has to be another. You didn’t come here to save us if you didn’t have a way to get out of here.”
Leaning back against the tree, he rubs his extended stomach. “You know that would have gone well with some mushrooms and some wine.”
The land around them is settling in for a long winter’s slumber. Except for the sturdy pines, the trees are bare like gnarled bones reaching up to the steel gray sky. Steve doesn’t pay much mind to the landscape, instead he steadies an eye on Tony. The man is bundled up, he sees Pepper’s touch and he smiles. At the very least, Tony must have acquiesced to it in order to convince the woman to let him go on this journey.
“But Daddy, you keep looking-.”
“That is a good method. What is even better is the method of the Soul Mantra. Do you know of it?” Wong exuded an inner calm but at the same time reminded Steve of some of the sternest Sisters who taught him long ago.  “A mantra comes from the Buddhist or Hindu tradition, where a word, phrase, or sound is repeated to aid in meditation. In this case we don’t truly use it for meditation but to concentrate our soul or astral projection within our core. Remember the bonding is essentially an interweaving of astral projections that leaves you open to others.”
“Oh, is this my reward for drinking this swill?” Tony picks up the sugar cookie, thinks about dunking it into the tea, decides against it, and bites the cookie. “Don’t want to poison the cookie.”
The defunct machinery surrounding him provides cover but also obscures his view of the place. He hunches over because he has no idea who might be watching. Soundlessly, he moves forward and strains to hear anything, any clue of what or whom he might be facing. He goes deeper into the dark and needs to slide his feet along the floor after he nearly trips over a piece of equipment. Cursing, he shuffles forward but keeps his head down. As he continues forward he seriously considers whether or not he's lost his mind. He's not a fucking super hero. What does he think he's doing? He's not in the Air Force like Rhodey. He might manufacture weapons but he doesn't use them. Then he thinks about the men outside and realizes that's no longer true. Going forward he almost passes a small office near the back of the far wall of the factory until he spots the light leaking from under the door. He cocks his ear and hears murmuring.
Tony stared at him for a full minute, not knowing how to process just about everything. He should ask Steve to stay. What the man had been through today alone begged for companionship, a few beers, a heart to heart talk. Tony studied Steve. The tightness of his jaw, the tension in his shoulders warned him not to intrude. Sighing, Tony relented. Exhausted by the messy business that seemed to be his life right now, Tony waved at Steve. “Go. JARVIS will take you to your floor.” He didn’t watch as Steve went to the elevator, didn’t look up as the elevator opened and Steve entered it. He only glanced up as the doors closed and Steve was staring down at his feet in the car. Tony grabbed the bottle of Bourbon and poured himself two fingers.
Bruce finishes detangling all the wires and looks over the lenses of his glasses at Tony. “Maybe you should call up Reed Richards.”
Tony stares at him for a good long minute, before he gets back to work. “You keep saying that, Sheriff, but you keep forgetting you have me as well.” As he says the words he pulls the joint out and then maneuvers it back into place.
That was a remark on Tony’s tendencies to punish before speaking. Over the course of their short time together, Tony admits that he’s made it a project to ensure proper training of his omega. Even as he realizes it, the recognition that it is Estane’s old influence on him, the warnings about what an untrained, feral omega could do, the harm that would come to Tony if he didn’t subdue a bonded omega. Maybe a new approach is in order?
“Just-.” He raked fingers through his hair, feeling his nail against his scalp and then recalling how he’d imagined Steve’s nail scraping against his dick. Even recalling it, he got hard. The robe hid his shame. “Just, don’t.” He gagged a little. “Don’t do this. I can. We can try again. Right now.”
“If I do that,” Steve whispers. “Then I’ll lose you as well. I’m going to lose you anyhow, but then you’ll be in danger.” He bows his head. “Just bring me home. I need to get everyone together.”
The business of killing people got him where he is today. In a damned cave in the mountains of Afghanistan with terrorists waiting to kill him at any moment. He needs to finish the suit and get them out of here. It isn’t going to be easy and he’s not sure this thing in his chest, this arc reactor, will have enough juice to power the suit and carry him and Steve to freedom. He has to try, he wasn’t going to leave Yinsen behind, and he damn well is not going to leave Army boy behind.
“Of my hair,” Tony finishes. Before Steve’s half out of the booth, Tony catches his wrist. “What the hell was this? Why did you come to me? Why did you leave Logan?” Steve keeps his mouth clamped shut but a twitch of his jaw muscle tells Tony he’s fighting to swallow down the truth. “Bruce said you called him – when you were still with Logan.” Tony rushes because he can feel the tension in Steve’s body ratchet up. He only has seconds before Steve bolts. “Bruce said you asked questions about other realities, that he told you to talk to Richards. Is that true? What’s going on?”
Steve huffs behind him in that exasperated mode he always uses with Tony. “I don’t see why. The storm is getting worse.” Steve glances at his phone – getting him technically aware has been the bane of Tony’s existence. “Weather has several warnings. Blizzard warnings. Looks pretty bad.” He lifts the phone to show Tony again.
Bucky grimaced. “But I still did it. All of it. You have to respect that Steve. And you have to know, I could do it again.”
As the car hits the daylight, he peers around the corner and starts forward to enter the short area of driveway before the street.
Alpha plays him well, whipping him, especially abusing his hole, until he’s crying out. Adjusting the rack so it works both as a structure and a swing that the alpha can manipulate and shift. At times Steve feels more like a puppet on strings than a human. But then again, as he sinks into the waves of his heat – he knows certain truths. As the alpha takes him, knots him, he feels his body become the thing nature made him to be – an omega willing to submit. He wants the knot, aches for it. Hanging from the chains of the rack without any ability to come, he slowly and inevitably descends into a new state of mind. Where his body’s needs rules and he no longer needs to rationalize, strategize, or think. He follows the alpha as if he is the master, and Steve is meek servant.
“We aren’t even reading the same book, Tony,” Steve replies. “You realize he has a spy in Wakanda, right? You realize that you’re playing into his hand.”
Natasha held up her hands as if he might jump out of bed and stab her in the heart. “Like I said, resting. He hasn’t had any rest for days.” She nodded toward the large expansive window near the bed. When he followed her gaze, he confirmed that dawn would break soon. The sky outside the air ship had that predawn light that melded night with day and promised. “He’s been up for three days, sitting at your side. Terrified of what he did.”
“Vicious little fuckers, aren’t they? Rumlow whispered.
By the time they ate their sandwiches and drank a few too many mugs of coffee, Steve turned reticent and antsy at the same time. Clint eyed Sam and said they should be moving – staying too long would cause all kind of issues especially since they ditched the stolen truck only a few blocks away. Before they departed, Steve jotted down Fury’s contact information.
He swallows the bread, drinks the mock champagne, and says, “Tony, it might come as a surprise to you, but someone with my health problems, my scrawny body, and empty pockets when it comes to funds, isn’t well sought after. I had only a few things to get by with and that includes my brain and my belief.”
It isn’t the serum that makes him who he is.
“Like we are?” Tony asked.
Strange gave Steve a sardonic smile. It rubbed Steve all the wrong ways. “It won’t be up to you, Captain.” The doctor circled the table as if he stalked Steve, as if the problem intrigued him and didn’t appall him like it did Steve. “It will be a compulsion, Captain. You will not be able to deny it. You
Obie chuckles. "Rhodes is coming in this weekend. He'll drive some sense into you. What is it, Tony? A hot crotch got you all wrapped up in ribbons?"
“Not exactly.”
“Your heart won’t take it anymore. If you go in there, you’ll very likely go into cardiac arrest,” Cho replies. “Captain Rogers has a much better chance of surviving than you do.”
Most mutations are lethal during fetal development, but one stands out as the most common.
Two of the guards step up to Steve as a third one retrieves a large case from one of the SUVs. Steve glances at Tony and shakes his head. Tony had to realize what would happen. He’s not stupid. For pity’s sake, he’s a genius. The guards pull out heavy manacles, not unlike the ones that Steve had been lock in after the fight on the causeway in D.C.. Rumlow took special pleasure in his orders. Natasha starts to protest, but Ross ignores her.
Imprisoned above the train wreckage, he saw the light of the city not far off and the emergency vehicles approaching the accident site. But it wasn’t an accident, far from it. Standing next to the young woman and man, an older man stood. He grinned and said, “So much for nullifying Hydra.” To the young woman he said, “Kill him.”
“I didn’t think you imagined anything,” Tony says and considers the possibilities of sentience as he ducks his head to enter the cavern. It’s dark and JARVIS immediately illuminates the cave.
can tell it has to be capitalized. “I don’t even know what the hell you’re talking about.”
“Odd selection, those two,” Bruce said. “Are we planning on being the bad guys?”
Hot. He feels so hot and achy and he cannot climb his way back from the darkness. He allows it to consume him and all the questions and fears melt into it until it is a potent thing. He shudders in its embrace until he finally manages to open his eyes.
“Yeah that paradoxical time stuff can be a little nauseating,” Tony said. “Where is your soul mate now?”
“I’m not discussing this with you,” Tony says. “You wouldn’t understand it.” He gets up and heads toward the Conference building. He doesn’t want to see the look on her face anymore.
Tony lifts his gaze to Jamison. The night has a decided chill to it. The platform from the main Council building jets out of the spire building like a pier into the oceans of Nod. Except the causeway bridges over a lush forest. The night flowers bloom and fill the air with sweet scents as the night birds and small critters chirp and call to one another. One day he’ll have a moment of peace. For a second he longs for those easy days as a rogue alpha – but then he recalls when Steven pointed out that Estane had maneuvered to get Tony out of the Stark Family and ruin him. History would not repeat itself. Estane would never have the Stark estate or the High Alpha Chair.
“It is magic? Maybe we should get in touch with Thor,” Bruce says.
There are truths in this world. Truths that Steve knows. The truths about himself are clear but mainly only known to himself. Ultron batters his consciousness, trying to shred it. Steve holds onto what he knows is true.
“Sure thing,” Steve says and watches as Tony leaves the laboratory, using the knuckles of his hand across the walls to find his way. “Wonder if this means I’m losing my job.” He finds he doesn’t really care about the job but the fact he will be cut out of Tony’s circle completely. People like Tony don’t socialize with people like Steve. It’s not done. “Well, that five second dream was great while it lasted.” He shrugs and sets to get the rest of the staff up to date on the project.
“Barely there,” Clint says. He’s fighting with the controls, hitting the console, switching toggles. It isn’t working. The ship is older than the junk on Jakku. “Hold on, big hit coming.”
“Yes sir.”
Steve thinks and jolts himself out of a stupor of misunderstanding before he says, “I walked out to see if you were around and the closet disappeared.”
As they entered the room, Tony asked, “Is he there to protect Steve or to imprison him?”
“I won’t need you. Not at all.” Tony snapped and Steve’s face crumpled.
“Can you manage to stand this time and not fall over?”
“Not as bad as it was at the start,” Clint answered. “We kind of had a secret weapon.”
Tony glances out the window. “All my life. Always loved to fly. Used to have dreams I was a bird. Now I’m Iron Man.”
His heart raced for a different reason then for the idea of finding Steve again for holding him for the first time. They'd never confessed feelings, feelings that were truly prohibited to the Jedi order. He hurried to follow her orders but not before she stopped him with these words.
The whole of the forest around him silenced as he reached deep inside to search for his pack mates. He strung out his soul lines, looking for Bucky, trying to offer him solace and understanding while at the same time he reached for Tony along different bonds, tying him in close and offering him a place to call home. He stood outside of the cabin, vulnerable, like an offering in many ways. He didn’t care. The danger was slight. He had his pack around him, supporting him, offering him waves of comfort and strength. He threw these feelings outward to try and bring in his wayward pack members.
“Sh-shock heart.”
Steve drops his gaze to the toy in his arms. “I don’t think there’s going to be a logical explanation anyway Tony.”
He pushed the idea out of his head and then said, “So you’ll get more of them, unless we can find a way for me not to transfer so much of the memories to you.”
Before Steve blocks Stane’s attempt, Tony apologizes and heads away. Steve watches them go and his stomach flops over, sickeningly. He should intercede and stop Stane, but he really doesn’t know as much about the politics as Tony’s right hand man does.
“Courageous against all odds,” Tony whispers and watches the glint of hope, of light, of remembrance in Steve’s eyes.
What’s the old saying? In for a penny in for a pound? Whatever that means?  Steve seals his fate and says, “For you, yes.”
“I mean, I could.”
He turns away. Demon food will surely turn him.
“He helped me, you know, he was the first person to install it,” Tony says as he reclines back in the seat.
Tony holds onto Steve as if they’re on a spinning ride at an amusement park. He’s not going to let go. Not now. “I know. We’ll figure it out.”
CHAPTER 10
“I’m not sure I like that,” Steve said but as she strode out of the laboratory, he followed her. He had to jog a bit to catch up because she was on a mission. “This doesn’t upset you? At all?”
Steve captures Tony’s sleeve. “It happens days ago. I doubt there’s anything you can do. He was on the Front, defending Rho Ophiuchi Cloud Complex with Captain Wilson. They were a team.” While he has no idea why he’s telling the prince of Stark Systems this secret, the burden lifts if only slightly. “He’s gone and I’m alone now. There’s nothing you can do.”
No Bucky.
“Wh-what?”
His thoughts catch on Tony and he frowns.
“We’re trying to give him pain meds but he’s a little out of control right now. I was coming out to ask for assistance in keeping him immobile,” the nurse said – Tony noticed her name tag said Cathy. “We’re calling in experts as well to help with the neurological pain.”
Gritting his teeth and taking in a full breath, Steve swung up to break the chains just as the prison door behind him creaked open. He halted his attempt, staring instead at the darkness surrounding him. It had to be Ross or Pierce. Did Fury even know he was locked down here? Was Fury complacent in their crimes? The footfalls sounded like boots and not dress shoes. He cringed. It must be Fury or Rumlow. If it was Fury, then Steve would blame himself for falling, all those years ago, for the Director’s sales pitch. Steve had a tendency to believe in the best of people, and that, with perseverance and dedication, he could win over anyone to his side. Yet the footfalls were familiar, too familiar.
“That was some time ago,” Tony said and kept his sights on the water. Ripples upset the surface of the pristine lake; it wasn’t anything but the wind touching it’s surface.
“You don’t even know me.”
“You ain’t got a name?” The boy nabs the butt of the cigarette with his teeth, winks at Steve, and then says, “Maybe I’ll call you -.”
Tony’s fingers dance over the keys, measure after measure while Steve stands to the side, listening in awe and in empathy. The prince pours out his pain, his haunted agony that continues to plague him as he touches the keys, his eyes closed, his face tense with worry. The music comes to a close as he fumbles on a note and then he pounds on the keys, looking up almost startled to see them.
He stumbles but takes it from her. “Uniform? What kind of uniform?” Dressing him like his part would be the height of rudeness. He’s sure that Tony wouldn’t approve of something like that at all.
“You and me both.”
Steve lowers his gaze. “All my life.”
“And what about you. Aren’t you interested in the Chair?” Marya asks. All of the omegas have interjected questions and opinions during the conference. This is open to all, and omegas are their main warriors.
“We will,” Tony says and escorts Steve to his private jet.
It took a while, but Tony eased and relaxed enough against Steve that his breathing evened out and he softly snored. His body tucked under Tony’s there was no way to extricated himself, so no stranger to stressful situations, Steve decided the best thing to do was to get some rest. He closed his eyes. The idea of going to the dreamscape popped up and he thought it might be a great opportune time for it to be available again.
Never let it be said that Captain America isn’t an underhanded sneak. “Okay, okay.”
Steve waited until Sam left and then reached for the device. Luckily, it was still open and not locked. He went to the browser, searched for his favorite site for soul pack information (it was not Wikipedia anymore). The site was maintained by his favorite guru, Wong.
After he leaves, Natasha turns around to Tony. “I’m blaming this one on you.”
“Well,” Jarvis replies and pauses. Tony imagines the slight tap of his feet on the floor as he sits and sips his nighttime cup of tea with his wife by his side. “When I first met Captain Rogers, I had my doubts. I knew he was an artist which greatly intrigued me, but I also knew from information Ms. Potts shared that he was not successful as in – he lived in a garret apartment, owed little, and did not have a regular job. In fact, most of his work was free-lance.”
“You mean it could have turned him into a super Ultron,” Sam says. Before Tony can protest further, Sam stops him. “Listen. Doctor Cho did what she did because your heart rhythm was erratic at best. We really did think you were going to check out on us.”
A murderer. Maybe Kennedy’s real assassin. Maybe a serial killer of young girls. A pedophile. Tony might want these things so some of the guilt and pain would be lifted from his shoulders, but the bleakness in Pepper’s expression told him more than he wanted to know – revealed the truths that he would have to wrestle with for the rest of his life.
“Why? Tony, why are you here?” Bruce squeezes his face up like he has a headache. “You never come here.”
“And what are you doing here?” Inwardly, Steve reminds himself that this isn’t Loki, but another test by Ultron. Why the AI picked Loki spikes his interest, yet it’s dulled by the fact Tony’s still missing.
The anger – at himself – at his father – at the guards – roiled and he turned back to Pepper. “Download everything. Everything.”
Looking down, Steve had trailed his fingers over the slight bulge near the thumb joint. He noticed it on both hands. “What?”
“Steve, you have to tell me what’s going on, now,” Tony tries again. He knows he’s taking advantage of Steve’s vulnerable state of mind, but he needs to – they are in danger. “I’m here to help you.”
Steve agrees and slips away, thankful that Rumlow hadn’t recognized him as one of the Station’s Escorts. He scurries back to his quarters making a few wrong turns but manages to find his way without much trouble. He dumps all his clothes in the closet and worries about washing them later. First things, first, he needs his meds, and he needs a shower. Pulling out his bag he digs through it and finds the small daily patches. He puts them aside and then looks for something to wear for the day. A simple tunic and drawstring pants will do. He doesn’t imagine he’ll be doing much of anything. He grabs for his soaps and shampoo and heads to the bathroom.
“I don’t have supplies, but I’ll blow you.”
Her eyes softened in that beautiful, elegant way they always did for him. “Tony told me. He loves you very much, you know.”
Tony cups his hand to Steve’s jaw. “I'm not half as good at—at anything as I am when I'm doing it next to you.”
Blu reaches back and starts to lick the wound.
“From what? My hallucinations? From you? From the lion in the corner.” He laughs again and it spears every hope into shreds.
. “You need to know your place.”
“What does that mean?” Bruce says.
“Yes, I was ungrateful. Sorry about that. I just don’t do well in the great outdoors. I’m more of a city guy myself.”
She stands at the door, her usually calm features slightly vexed.
“You dislocated it, for sure,” Tony says but looks up to the sky. It’s stopped raining – which is a good thing and a bad thing.  “It’s snowing.”
“He lied to me,” Tony says, and he knows that he grasps at the lowest straws he can to disprove her theory.
Before he can acknowledge Darcy’s warning, Erik is back with a tray. He places a pot of coffee on the table, ceramic mugs, and a plate of cookies. Steve picks up the mug and looks it over.
Tony resigns himself to the fact he’s going to have to eat to get Steve to join him in the lab, so he sidles onto a stool and says, “The works. I’d like Italian dressing, skip the onions, and add pickles.”
Recalling the sins of the past gets him nowhere. It only serves the same purpose that Zemo wanted. To tear them apart. He succeeded and there is nothing that Steve can do about it but move on and allow a certain sense of freedom. He’d written one letter to Tony. This time – sitting on the sink – he’s written his second letter.
“You’re a little demanding, aren’t you?” Tony asks and then he places his hands down on each of Steve’s slim shoulders. He hovers over Steve. “Tell me what you want? Tell me how you want it.”
That night, Tony watched in silent joy as Steve descended into bliss that only Tony’s words gave him. The power of a Submissive lie in their capitulation, the power of a Dominant lie in their compassion. Tony protected Steve as he lingered in subspace and he loved every moment of it.
“Ah, but maybe not feeding you the good stuff.” Logan tears open the bags and pulls out massive burgers and multiple servings of fries. “I got shakes, too. Vanilla shake for you. I don’t know how you can pass up chocolate for vanilla. It’s a sin.”
“How many?” Steve yells.
“Not really. Not anymore. I’m moving,” Steve says. He’s lucky the landlord let him out of the lease. He still had two months to go, but he agreed to pay out the two months and now he’s free.
“We might end up working through the night, Steve. I promised you the Observatory. Again, I won’t be able to take you!” Tony throws his hands up in the air and marches away from Steve. “It’s always this. Always.” He mutters a curse and then looks at Steve again. “I know I have such privilege and such wealth. I know that I have to pay it back, pay it forward, but I need-. I need.”
“JARVIS?” All of them perk up at the sound of the AI.
“No, I-.” Tony smiles. “I like it. It feels right. It feels like how I knew you were alive.”
Steve doesn’t comment, just gets to the bathroom across the room and relieves himself. All the time he hears Tony prattling. Washing his hands, he finishes up and exits the bathroom at the same time the nurse comes in. It’s a different nurse and he’s quite upset that Steve even left the bed. He hustles Steve back into the bed, tucks him in and attaches all the monitors again. He leaves out the intravenous line when Steve practically growls at him.
The doctor smiles. It’s kind and soft. “He’s safe. At this time, there’s no evidence of seizure or coma. He’s sleeping.”
“SHIELD? You called SHIELD? You’re going back to SHIELD?” Everything snaps back into focus. “You can’t go to SHIELD! They’ll lock you up for sure. You’re a lab specimen to them.”
“We need rest, and we need to eat. Whatever this place is, it plays with our biological clocks. We need to fight it and keep our strength up.” Steve goes back to their little camp site and sits. He pats the space next to him.
“Yeah, yeah, but he’s a Negro. If Schmidt threatens the town and Sam needs to defend it, if he ends up killing a white man, I can only hope there won’t be a lynching. I told him to sit tight and just watch. But I still worry.” Steve shakes his head. “I think I’ve let my emotions take control. Maybe I should have sacrificed- but it’s not my sacrifice to make.”
Steve grimaces and then like a sleeper slowly wakes to Tony’s request. “It’s important to me too. What’s going on, Baby?”
“You’re not allowed in the laboratory unless I specifically request your presence. Do you get it?” Tony says. He shudders as he speaks as if Steve’s trespassed into his most personal space.
“Wilson,” Natasha said. “Sam Wilson.” Natasha spun on her heels to face the table where Shuri and the medical crew desperately fought to save Sam – or what was left of him.
Tony groans but doesn’t thrust. He holds onto the back of the bench and drops his head back. His thighs quiver against Steve’s hands, but then the prince places his hands over him and slowly pushes Steve’s away. Understanding, Steve folds his hands in his lap and make tiny movements with his tongue until Tony settles in – getting used to the feel.
Steve shakes his head. “Nothing.”
“It could take months or years for all the nerves to grow back.”
Pepper stops him. “Say no more. I’m off.” She spins on her heels and is gone before he can release a pent up breath.
“That’s what I told him,” Cho says as she rounds Steve’s bed to tap on one of the screens. She obviously thinks Tony’s one of those guys who is going to mansplain everything to her. He hates that – but it’s probably true. In his defense, he always assumes the people in the room cannot follow him and he must explain everything to everyone. He needs to stop that with the company he currently keeps.
“There are no sides. What sides?” Bruce rubbed his hand through his damp hair. He dropped it and looked at the water droplets. “We’re all singletons and now we’re merging into this ocean, this thing I don’t understand. I don’t get why it was me that was chosen first. I’m not on anyone’s side. I just want to find a way to calm Hulk enough or get rid of him. Either way, I have to live with it and now Steve – Steve who just woke up has to deal with this as well.”
“I’m keeping the stingers.”
Still, Steve has much to learn about his charge this week – that’s how he thought of the prince. Not in a patronizing way but more in the way that he’s here to ensure Tony is taken care of during the strenuous talks about the war. If there’s something that Steve can do for the war effort, it’s take care of one of the most powerful princes in the Conclave.
“Well, fuck them,” Tony says and zooms closer to his target. It only takes a little under an hour to get back to the area of his discontent.
Tony perks up and spins on his stool. “Really? I’m busting out here.”
Steve tilts his head as if he’s trying to not hear what Tony said. “That’s not the same.”
Steve jumps around and greets a large fellow with a round face and a belly to match.
“I’m sorry, sir. I-.”
Tony grimaces and chuckles. “Tell him to fuck himself.”
“It won’t come out,” Rumlow stated. “It won’t.” He looked like he just snacked on puppies and hung their tails on his vest.
Steve froze his features, didn’t react to their incendiary words. “From my understanding, , in the United States, humans killed by vampires for their blood is far less than the number killed by guns.”
“It doesn’t matter. We can fix this. There are ways to fix this,” he said, and he wondered if he was only saying the words to comfort himself more than his friend.
“Well, they really don’t consider themselves part of the human worlds. With all of their mythology and their different biology-.”
“Cock warming, Baby. I want you to warm my cock while I play.”
Steve faces a beautiful parasite inside of SHIELD - and threads his soul to new members of his pack.
“Alone. Without your pack, without your Healer?” Tony asked. Again, Steve kept falling into the same trap in his head. But, then again, Tony knew how that was. He often fell into the same anxieties and fears over and again. Tony admitted that he separated his soul from Steve – as much as he could – but at the same time he wanted to encircle Steve with his soul, with his arms. He felt the fear, the uncertainty. He understood a lot of that. Hell, he just wanted to run because of his part in what was going on in Sokovia, but the truth was they needed to see the bigger picture. Thor was right about understanding who and what they were.
Tony follows Steve picking plates and stacking them. “Oh it wasn’t a great situation at all. Friends for a while, then said friend does you wrong and decides to out you to the world. There’s conspiracy theories now still to this day because of it.”
Bucky snarls at him and then the whole of crew of zombies attack Steve. Without thought, he dashes down a pathway in the maze, not having time to mark his way. He turns and cuts toward the left and then runs through the long tunnel to the next crossroads, making a split second decision toward the right. These aren’t zombies at all, they’re keeping up with Steve, nearly over taking him. The memory of fighting Ultron’s crew of killer robots pops up. It’s all about overwhelming the enemy with Ultron – there’s no real plan. No real strategy. It’s a realization Steve can use, but right now, he doesn’t have the time to exploit it with the gang on his heels. He looks up at the walls. How far of a leap is it? Could he make the rim? Is the top electrified as well? Can he just get over the wall?
“Ah, my Adonis come to torture me. What time is it?”
He rests his head on Tony’s lower belly as he comes down from his second climax. The prince pants and sighs against him. He reaches down and runs his hands through Steve’s hair. “After the luncheon, will you spend time with me in the observatory?”
Steve remained perfectly still. Frozen by the words. It didn’t matter that they told him he was transformed, that he was this Divini. He was nothing but that thing in the cell, devoured and used.
Pietro scoffs. “Oh maybe you could carry him, but not me, sir. No, Mister Stark walked, but I did lead him.”
He places the deli meat packet to the side and turns to face Steve who is currently stirring milk on the stove. “There’s nothing to be sorry for.”
Blu pushes him down to sit under the tree and then leaves him there. When Tony gets up to follow the cat up the trail to where the armor is tucked away, Blu herds him back to the tree. Tony can’t get around the massive animal. Every time he tries Blu blocks his path.
Steve looks at him with more than a little doubt.
“If they can’t see me – all the better,” Steve answers.
“Stay down, you imbecile,” Estane snaps and the dim lights catch the glint of the collar around Steven’s neck. “Oh, you did use the collar like I taught you to.” Estane turns back to Tony. “Activate it.”
Tears well in the prince’s eyes. “What I have to, I suppose.”
“Sorry about that.”
Tony closes his eyes and covers his face with his hands. The din of silence comes over him and he only wants to surrender, leave, run away. But he doesn’t. He stands his ground; he realizes he would lay down on the wire for Steve. Someone’s talking to him and Tony frowns.
“Ah!” Steve finishes the pancakes and the bacon, setting the plates. “Technically I didn’t bring it. I shipped it via the US Postal System.”
The clock ticks.
There’s a weight on his hand, his hand that’s laying on his chest. He can feel it, the contours, the roughness, the calluses that shouldn’t be there on a hand of wealth and privilege. Blinking, he tries to lift his vision and it is only bleary and narrow.
“I’d think it was simple to find me. I was at the Keep or looking for demons.” Something isn’t gluing together. The Soul Realm is small, confined. A space and time for souls to exist.
The truth of how he always shuts away the pain bubbles to the surface, yet he still braces against it. “Years of practice.” It’s all he has to say for Steve to wilt a little.
Steve nodded, and both Bruce and Tony helped Steve into a sitting position. He noticed that Clint was still on the gurney. Reaching up, he tried to grab the archer’s lax hand. “Is he?”
“Lord,” the man says. His uniform designates that he’s contracted to the Elders, and so are all of his heirs and thus beholden to the Elders for his safety.
“Come on, Tony,” Pepper says and her voice is ruined.
“Hmm, yeah sure?” Tony stepped aside.
“How much longer? We got a squadron coming in and I can’t stay in the air,” Sam asks.
Bucky lolls back onto the thin pillow, slumping back onto the cot.
“Yeah, yeah, they only got me with their damned poisoned knife. Tell Thor, I’m gonna kill his brother,” Bucky says and he’s losing his battle to stay awake.
And now that those bonds were locked in, what could he do to ensure peace within the pack? He doubted Wong or Strange would have answers. He had to fashion an answer on his own. His pack had finally started to come together, but now, he feared the future of it. He was bound to lose someone. Someone important. He swallowed down the taste of bile again and then dropped his hands and let the water rain over his face.
“Also, I think Captain Marvel will be there. She’s representing displaced persons of the war. T’Challa, most certainly.” Tony nuzzles into Steve’s shoulder. “My father made a mess of things.”
Tony adjusts the way he’s positioned on the recliner. “Okay.” He’s dubious about this working after all if the implant is malfunctioning nothing that Steve’s going to do should really work for much relief.
“Quiet, Captain, you might lose your tough guy exterior.”
“How do you know the Starks?” Pym settles back in his chair and Janet grimaces at him. “What? You want to know, too.”
“Anything’s possible.” He licks his lips and then slowly states, “He had Bucky attack me.” He points to his cheek. “Like he did in the Helicarrier. Well, it felt that way anyhow. This Bucky didn’t have a metal arm at first. I don’t think, ever. But he attacked me. Tried to kill me.” It hurts to say it, because in reality – it was true. Bucky as the Winter Soldier tried to kill Steve. It had been his mission and Steve told himself that a thousand times – truths never stop the nightmares though.
Steve reaches up and pets Tony’s lower belly, then plays a little with the hair. “You need me to stop you?” He tugs a little on the hair and Tony groans louder, his hips jerking a little. “That too much stimulation for you, pet?” Steve picks up Tony’s clenched fist and kisses the inside of his wrist. “It’s time for three fingers, sweet one.”
“Let me get this started. I’ll get everything in order for Steve,” Pepper says as she slips away. He listens to her heels clack on the tiled floor, the door open and close – the whisper of it shutting. When he hears the latch click in place, he takes his glasses off and reclines back in his seat.
"She's okay. She had the best doctor."
"Fuck you."
"Imma get a sammy." Vanessa said, leaving Maggie and going to the counter.
"Spiderman?" A breathless voice called. "Hey, uh, got time to swing by Brooklyn?" There was a yelp and a shout.
Her free hand gripped the edge of the bed in a white-knuckled grasp.
"Oh, he's pissed." Tony grinned.
It was difficult. But she focused on his hand on her arm and took a few deep breaths. The real world came back. "Sorry."
"There's an intern named Peter Parker. He's the personal intern of Stark. I need some information from him." Stane turned his computer around. "This is his partial plans for a power source. I need the full details and I need him to make it better, but it's not in the system, so I need it from the kid."
Aaron smiled softly. "Of course I can. We can sneak you out to the car if that'll make you feel better."
Take care.
"If I draw him closer he could hurt Iron Man." Peter protested.
"Look, Mr. Stark, I'm just..."
Wade answered, wearing only boxers and holding a sword. "Mags. Shit. Are you okay?" He dropped the sword and put a hand on her shoulder. She flinched, then sobbed and he drew his hand away like he'd been burned. "Sh, sh, sh. Honey, I've got you." He glared at Dr. Strange. "What the fuck happened to our girl?" He asked as Vanessa appeared over his shoulder.
"Roo. I need you to breathe, okay? I'm coming. I'm almost there, bambino."
Also, if you guessed that Steve was gonna be the one to lose it. Here's your golden star.
"You're not real...are you?" Peter asked. He wanted to get this over with. It felt so nice to see his Papa's face. But he knew it would end. It would end in an awful mess.
"Me?"
The song ended, with Peter and Maggie embraced, their foreheads touching.
Thor put a heavy hand on Peter's shoulder. "I'm sorry, young Peter. I didn't know or understand. Captain Rogers has always told me not to bother you about food, but I didn't realize... I'm sorry, Peter. I do not understand this feeling that you do. I don't know hunger as you do, I am sorry for my ignorance."
The cloak promptly, but gently put her down as if scolded, then wrapped tenderly around her, as if trying to help.
"About a half-hour." Steve shrugged and let go of Tony.
Steve snorted. "He certainly looks like he's got a little crush. It's cute. Regardless, I'm glad he has someone his age who can really relate to him. It can't be easy on him. Even though he's got other enhanced people in his life, it probably helps to have one around his age."
It was technically still under Tony's name, but he let Peter have access to it. And Peter just...didn't want to know. And then he'd been shocked when Steve had gotten into it, because apparently back-pay for being an active combatant for decades, plus inflation was considerable.
"Thanks, kid. What were you two cuties doing? Since one of you ditched lab-time and all." Tony teased Peter.
"I don't detect any flaws." JARVIS responded
"Losers, don't crowd the baby elephant, he's ours." Clint said.
"My teacher told me I couldn't use an audio version this time. It helps though, because I skip words and lines sometimes. I don't mean to. It just happens."
Maggie stumbled around the corner, her hands on the wall to steady her. The Cloak shot to her and helped her stay upright.
Maggie raised an eyebrow. "Do you have a therapist for that?"
"Okay." Things did get less scary when they were understandable.
"You did great. Just saw you starting to clam up, so I got your back."
"Thanks. And thanks for all the help with coding. It's been fun to learn."
"I'm judging." Peter promised. "Hardcore. You're a freak." He smiled.
Peter would make sure nothing bad happened. He didn't think Strange would hurt her, not one bit. But if he could be an extra set of eyes and ears for her, he would be.
"Can't get my bandages wet."
"Not the time, bro." Ned shook his head.
"One more? Then I say we both go home and get warm. It's freakin' cold."
"I'm sorry." Steve frowned. They really didn't need another thing on their plate at the moment.
"It's a win, that's what it is."
"Well, now we know who to look for." Tony looked at Strange. "I don't exactly have inter-dimensional cell service."
"It's rude to enter a place without permission." Dr. Strange said from the top of the stairs.
"That's not my style."
"Oh, just walking with you. You're going to Bleeker today, right?"
"I so, do not need to know these things." Peter wrinkled his nose.
"That good?" Tony asked.
"Okay." Steve nodded. "Seems fair."
"The better I get the harder it is to use my powers. I don't want to LOSE my ability to help people to-"
"It's not a happy book. It's a satirical allegory of Stalin's rule, really. Looking back, he's viewed as a dictator responsible for countless deaths and genocide. This book shouldn't be happy."
"Something about Hannibal sets me on edge."
"They likely won't use my face then, but...if they try to use me a signal..." Steve rubbed his chin. "Let's keep it to one sense. They don't know you're Spiderman, they don't know you can hear things other people can't."
"Uh...yes?" Steve didn't know what it was. It was aesthetically pleasant, sure. But without context, he wasn't sure he could tell its function with a gun to his head.
Peter didn't know how to get his point across without alerting people around him. He knew the Mr. Stark in the lab wasn't real. He didn't know if anyone else was with the fake Mr. Stark. Peter thought about his words carefully, in case they were listening. "I have the internship today, just letting you know, Dad."
"Papa! Guys, stop. It's not like that, she's...she's my friend, okay?"
"Peter?" Tony asked.
"I'll cross shit creek when I get to it. I've got enough to deal with right now."
"...and you said there was something big coming, from this internship program you had?"
Tony took a deep breath. "I still don't like it. But you're probably right."
"Peter, what's wrong?" Steve asked, rubbing his arm.
Peter leaned into Steve's hand. Things were a mess. Maybe that was it. Maybe that was why Tony'd snapped at him earlier. Plus...Tony had hit his head, that probably made everyone a little grumpy and testy. "I'm sorry."
"You okay, sweetie?" Vanessa asked quietly.
"Why? What's going on?" Tony sat up a little straighter. "You do look a bit pale."
"Focus on what you feel."
"It's drones. The fire's real, but that monster isn't."
"Sure thing, Dad." Wong rolled his eyes, but took the pendant and rope from Stephen's trembling fingers. "There's nothing wrong with caring for a person, Strange."
They were in the alleyway in minutes. Peter's backpack was on the ground. Tony leapt from the suit and ran forward with Steve. They both picked up the bag. There was a tag tied to it.
"But Mr. Fredrickson!" Peter complained, still holding the door open. It wasn't like he was invited in. He was just going to say goodbye to his friend, not intrude. "I have to get that badge!"
Maggie blinked open her eyes to an awful, familiar room. The brick room with a locked door. She'd seen this place before. "Fuck. No." She closed her eyes and focused. She could feel the mattress below her. When her hands shifted she could feel cuffs, feel the texture of the bricks. The cuffs were hooked to the wall. She didn't have too much wiggle room, but if she really used her flexibility to get her feet flipped through and get her hands in front of her. This wasn't a vision, she could tell because the feelings of the room matched what she saw, just like Strange had taught her. This was no vision. Not this time. She was really there. She took a couple shaky breaths. "Okay. Breathe... Be calm." She looked around the room. Same lock she remembered, same everything. She glanced down, her watch and gloves were still on. So she wasn't to her vision yet, because she'd lost her watch and gloves at some point in that vision. Her clothes looked untouched. She didn't feel injured...maybe a little bruised.
"H-he was in the room. He came back for me." Maggie whispered, broken, weak.
"Which naturally means you already know what it is."
"Yeah. I'm fine. Thanks."
"Any food you don't like?"
"Did you spend any time in a certain school for Gifted Youngsters?"
"You're paranoid dad has really lost it this time." She teased good naturedly. She ruffled Peter's hair. "Stay safe, kiddo...s. That also includes you, Happy."
"She knows exactly who I am." Peter said. Tony looked a bit concerned about Peter's mask being off, so Peter wanted to reassure him.
Aaron was the pastor at the service. And Peter was glad that Aaron was actually Aaron this time.
Healthy.
That aside, Tony could tell Steve wasn't convinced, and at that point he just didn't know what else to say. It wasn't like he could force Steve to give a damn about Tony Stark – not even just some basic human respect, and while Tony himself didn't necessarily think he deserved that respect, he would have hoped that, if anything, Cap could respect Iron Man's opinion, even without understanding it.
It could be it.
He guessed, in a way, he was the abused – no continual harm, but permanent injury probably counted as abuse, right? He had been clear with Kathy about the specifics of their relationship – casual, unattached, and unexclusive. She had agreed. She also had priors of relationships that had ended poorly, even suspiciously – but Tony had been willing to give her the benefit of the doubt, of not judging someone on rumors alone, and look where that had gotten him. But even if her false claims were exposed, there would always be someone to doubt his word, to say he certainly deserved it. Because, as you all know, there was no smoke without fire.
He loved his country, really, he did. There was hope here, there could be progress. But unlike Steve, he also knew that the United States were not any better, in the end, than other countries. In general, of course, they weren't that bad a place to live in, compared to some other places, but it didn't change the fact that the people here were like everyone else. If you pushed them too far, too often, they'd snap and put you on a pyre, regardless of the long-term consequences.
He was trying to sound friendly, though, each and every time, but Steve just kind of gave him a weird look – the suspicious glint in his eyes from their first official meeting wasn't there, no, but it was echoed in that look and Tony wasn't sure what it meant yet. He was probably doing something wrong again.
“In the end, even if it was Tony, I thought there was something wrong, that he had lost the human quality of being an individual, in a way, of seeing individuals. That he was aiming for the Top, because that was what he needed to do to regulate everything, our lives, our rights, our freedom.”
Deep breath, Tony.
Tony would have shrugged, except he was in full-body armor and shrugs didn't translate very well.
Steve pushed the room's door open, and no, no one. Maybe they were out doing groceries – the question being, was it safer to do it without or without mask, at this point? He didn't know. Wearing a mask was obvious, but not wearing one wasn't much more anonymous, after Stark's contribution to the SHRA. They had to know all their names, now. Especially as Tony had always made a point of knowing as many things as possible about everyone – even if, back then, he wouldn't have used it. Steve still remembered the system Tony had whipped into being to vet new Avengers without even them learning their names – that, and the accidental abuse of it with Rage, who hadn't been eighteen; the system had known it, but they hadn't. Of course anonymity had its problems, but it didn't mean they didn't deserve it.
“We couldn't find you, though, since no one knows your identity. I guess Tony hadn't hired you yet, anyway, he'd barely created the superhero concept of Iron Man back in that reality. A bit like how he started it out here when he was a prisoner in Afghanistan and wore it himself the first time, right?”
“We can... I can... we can protect you, the avengers. If it's blackmail, if he has something on you...”
He coughed, felt the blood gurgling in his mouth.
It wasn't like it was his first time being a cripple. It wasn't a new thing, per se, considering that being crippled extended to all sorts of physical handicaps, and cardiac problems as grave as the one he had had for three years after Afghanistan definitely counted.
Tony snorted, straightened his tie – he needed to do something with his hands, and holding a drink was out, so.
A wry smile, and the skrull pointed at his head – then at Tony's head, and really, what difference did it make if the alien was actually saying the truth?
Then again, neither had Tony. So either Tony had been wrong, or... Or he'd been in the wrong and had known it. Hadn't cared. Steve still wasn't certain which one it was.
Tony took a tentative step into Steve's room, hands held out in case Cap needed...
He'd know soon enough, he could tell.
Tony sighed, made a show of pretending he'd just arrived from New York, and T'Challa and him went back to work with their various specialists on the disgusting gas of mass murder. Not long after that they signed a mutual scientific sharing agreement, hoping it would make them more responsive if something like that happened again – and, in general, making them more efficient researchers, even without catastrophic events involved.
“My pleasure, Captain.”
Steve probably thought he was being a good friend here, that he was radiating confidence, righteousness, and worry for Iron Man. That he could convince Iron Man that Tony Stark was a bad influence, a disease to eradicate – and that it was for everyone's sake, for Iron Man's sake.
In one reality, Tony was dead for Steve, and that despite everything – would Steve have died for Tony? He thought so, but he had also almost killed him in front of the Baxter Building, and the contrary wasn't true, no matter everything else Tony had done, Tony had never tried to kill him, so...
And a tomato thrown at Stark, instead.
Tony's hands were doing weird things as he talked, which was not usual, because usually he was in complete control of his body language but here he was trying to befriend Steve, and even if he couldn't be entirely honest with the guy the least he could do was not to mask his emotions right now. This wasn't a business shark, he reminded himself. It was Steve Rogers. Captain America.
It made him laugh.
For the people, for their security, for their right not to wonder whether or not the superheroes would actually be tried if one day they decided they were done with being heroes, just for today, just long enough to ruin thousands of lives, just because they weren't in a good mood. For the heroes, too, because if there were no laws pertaining to them it would be way too easy to not treat them as human beings – or, more generally speaking, as people – if something happened, because if they weren't bound by the law then nothing would bind anyone who did something to them either.
Tony listened, a bit bewildered at the desperate rush in Steve's tone, but no less aware of the fact that Steve wasn't anywhere near convincing because the things he thought were going on – at least he didn't seem to think Iron Man didn't have a good reason to “obey” anymore – were so far off the mark, the promises didn't mean anything at all.
Steve felt compulsed to nuance, but somehow, this time, it sounded weak even to his own ears. He wasn't sure why.
“Spider-Man.”
She left his office and Tony was alone again in his room at the mansion – he looked at the things on the shelves, at the files on his desk, at the pictures of him looking vaguely different with several women over the years, but none who stuck around, obviously, and two of him with friends, James Rhodes and Happy Hogan. He'd been learning his life back from the start, memorizing the people he'd met and the dangers he'd faced when he at least had something to tell him about it, looking at newspaper articles about Iron Man and trying to deduce what had actually happened, looking through the Avengers database and noticing all the things that went unsaid in the reports, things that he couldn't remember anymore and that were glaringly obvious in their absence.
Things started going downhill pretty soon, though, even if most people involved wouldn't think so – things did get worse for Tony, if for no one else – as Tony saw his spirit waver, as his decision to keep himself out of the Avengers' lives took the first hit.
Just like he didn't believe anyone would understand – would even care to understand – why he was letting go. Just like he didn't expect anything except to be blamed for whatever would go wrong in the time of transition, the time SI would need to change its ways, the time Rhodey would need to adapt to the job.
So yes, he was going to try.
Except that wouldn't make any sense, because there would still be the fact that it had happened two times.
He decided to ignore her tone for now – because, there was something he was missing, and it was likely she wasn't angry with him, not that angry, at least, because she'd helped the resistance occasionally, so there had to be things she disagreed with in what Tony had done, there had to be, it just didn't make sense for her to sound like she wanted to rip him a new one.
Then he squarred his shoulders, and before the journalists could turn around to see what he'd been looking at, he caught their attention again by following the marshals to the courthouse.
“You can get into spats with family, sir. It just... It takes time, that's all.”
He still didn't understand.
Tony didn't even know why he was trying anymore, what with the way Steve was staring at him, looking like – looking like the mere idea was completely out there, like there was nothing less likely to happen than that, like it wasn't even the point and why was Iron Man even bringing it up?
Steve's problem was that he still thought America was great, or any other kind of bullshit – or at least that their country held the potential to be great – no matter everything they'd seen along the way, no matter how much depravation he was confronted with again and again. He thought that the people would end up doing the right thing, just because it was the right thing to do, and that of course it would happen soon enough that nothing too important would be lost in the meantime. He didn't seem to understand that what mattered in life wasn't what you deserved – in this case, trust, respect, anonymity – but what people owed you – and they certainly didn't owe you the right to endanger their life on a daily basis on the ground that you supposedly knew better and had good intentions.
“I'm not talking about compromising.”
Conclusion: he was right. Gay porn didn't do a thing for him – it wasn't disgusting, per se; simply... not interesting – where straight porn still did make him react; not even gay porn with actors who looked loosely like Steve did it. Tony couldn't rightly call himself bisexual in front of these facts – now that he thought about it, Tiberius had tended to be very engaging back when they were in school... but such an idea had been so far from what he had had in mind back then that Tony hadn't exactly noticed.
Tony pinched his nose.
I'm sorry, Tony, I admire you and your dedication to making this world a better place in all and every possible ways, but I'm afraid I can't take the pressure that comes with it, so instead I'll let you to deal with it, alone. You understand, of course.
He could, visciously, question whether or not Steve's refusal of any kind of authority above them had anything to do with the fact that he'd welcomed James Barnes back in the fold – not that the man deserved to be punished – without thinking it necessary to inform anyone of the Winter Soldier's true crimes and subsequent innocence, showing once again that Captain America might believe in the people, but didn't actually trust anyone enough to give a fair judgment of the situation.
“Oh. Okay. That's good. I, uh. I'll just... I'll...”
Steve stopped – one of the agents frowned, but didn't say a thing, not for now, because apparently some of them still had some respect for Captain America, and hadn't Steve thought exactly the exact same thing in his dream? – and turned to look at Iron Man talking to another SHIELD agent, probably giving some order or another, because that was who he was now, the Director of SHIELD.
The ones Tony hadn't seen back then, the others who'd been in it with Wong-Chu – there really were a lot of people in Afghanistan, and most of them weren't even from around there, and all they usually wanted was an excuse to murder people and grab as much power as they could while blaming other people for their crimes – the ones he hadn't been able to protect Yinsen from.
“Look, Steve. Tony's dead, someone killed him, and they know for a fact who did it, but no one went and did anything about it, no one is even acknowledging it. So either it's because they consider it was the right thing to do, and they don't have to answer about it to anyone, because, you understand, we don't need oversight... or, they know it wasn't the right thing to do, but they don't say anything, because if they did, they'd have to admit that sometimes, we make mistakes, and we aren't always able to police ourselves, like you said we were. One way or another, it all boils down to the fact that they listened to you. And yeah, it might not have been what you meant, but it's what they heard. It's what everyone heard.”
“I've given some thoughts, T'Challa, to our discussion back in Ontario.”
Carol's face took on a wary expression, but also, he found, a note of compassion. She wasn't sure where he was going with that, but for now... For now she felt sad about what had happened. To him. To all of them. To their common friend.
Wanda had a second break-down, then a third one, and she somehow ended up turning the world upside down each time – the thing was, when you turned something upside down twice it ended back up in the right position, except that everything in it had gotten shaken up in the meantime and maybe some of it broke on the way.
It was incredible, how the Sentinel of Liberty could make it all about himself, about what he called their friendship – friends weren't supposed to shun and despise you first thing, Tony believed, but what did he know, it wasn't like he had that many true friends anyway – whenever they disagreed on something that was very much not about themselves.
And some people would tell you, he did it because he was arrogant, because he thought he knew better than anyone else, because he decided who got to be the villain and who got to be the hero. Maybe they were right. Maybe they weren't. But one way or another, it wouldn't negate all the other reasons. It wouldn't change the fact that if he didn't do it out of fear or of his own arrogance, some people would be dead right now, and what right did he have not to help – not to try.
James Rhodes and Janet Van Dyne appeared from behind a pillar, cautious and ill-at-ease. Janet was eyeing Tony's armor – he didn't have the helmet on, but he was in the suit – with a sickening realization in her eyes, and Rhodes had his eyes constantly shifting from Anthony – wary of him, of course – to the screens displaying his lifestory bit by bit.
Had Steve still been there for Hitler's supposed arrest, had Hitler been more than a baseline human, had he continued to be a threat of hatred and death forever and ever, would Captain America still have advocated for his survival?
“I mean, not that he ever said this in so many words, but...”
Deep breath – no time to be desperate, he was still angry at Steve for basically everything, but it didn't change the fact that the Hulkbuster argonaut was about to crush Steve's head and that was not something Tony was willing to let happen, so.
With his hands bounds he had no other choice than to stumble as well, and then...
In itself, someone possessing an assault rifle wasn't doing anything wrong, and it wasn't a problem. The problem was that you couldn't know if that person wouldn't one day walk into a crowd and aim at people for whatever reason they thought justified their actions, especially not if you didn't ask any question when they'd gone and bought the rifle.
“...But it's not what I said!”
“I don't know... What do I know about Tony Stark? He might turn this place into a hotel.”
It depended, he supposed, on what Steve meant by “compromised”. Of course Tony Stark had access to everything they said on it, after all, he was Iron Man, wasn't he? Now, if it was about giving it all up to SHIELD, surprise, that hadn't happened, and it wouldn't happen until SHRA was law, for the very simple reason that yes, he was cooperating, and telling Hill was she needed to know, but it didn't mean he'd hand her over his suit designs or that he'd report what he ate for breakfeast every morning. So, as long as Steve didn't decide to do something stupid – which was looking more and more likely, but, hey, giving the guy a chance – Tony wouldn't have felt obligated to tell Hill about it.
He did his best not to look at the dead mean sitting at the end of his bed.
After all, Captain America was always right. If he'd decided that he was fighting this, why would he listen to what “this” was? It was wrong, because he said so.
Defensive – of what? Of what he'd fought for? Of Sam and Bucky? Of everyone else? – Steve tensed.
Not entirely accurate, but who cared? Steve was alive, Iron Man was alive, that was what mattered and at least that way Steve would not be under the impression that logically someone had seen Iron Man's face. Not that Steve would track down said person – AKA T'Challa in this logical lite scenario – to force them to tell him what Iron Man looked like – good luck forcing T'Challa to do anything, to begin with, and anyway Steve did respect Iron Man's secret identity.
When he actually managed to stop feeling sorry for himself long enough to look back at Steve, his friend was holding a box of tissues and looking like he didn't know what else to do.
Apparently that had shown on his face in at least some way, because Wilson stopped talking for a moment, squinted at him, before starting back.
Tony took in the harried look that was apparent on Steve's entire being. Even if the supersoldier couldn't get physically exhausted so easily, it was clear that he was mentally tired. Tony wasn't sure there was something he could do about it, but that didn't mean he wasn't going to try.
If not for the fact that he wasn't for transparency per se, only for accountability.
Mostly she'd been telling him about what had happened after.
He opened his mouth.
The good point, Steve thought as he watched Peter frown at the newspapers detailling more of the latest SHRA – Gyrish-version – measures against unlawful vigilantes, the good point to this bizarre situation was that he'd have intel from both sides of the timelines to compare. Maybe he could do something here with whatever he'd learn in the other timeline, and
He pushed her and the other skrulls into the cell which had very formerly been his, took a minute to fiddle with the controls and raise the energy wall back up, and looked at her one last time before disabling the mic.
But he wasn't here for that, was he?
That's...
The other him snorted, put the glass back down. Tony wondered if he'd touch it, if he reached out, if the glass was real, if the bourbon in it was real, if the reality of the glass and the alcohol could tell him that the man with his eyes and his beard and his anxiety behind his controlled face who was standing in his kitchen was in fact real, or if the hallucination could make him believe it had been in its hand when it had been on the counter all along.
Had he done a good thing, giving Iron Man to the world? He thought he had. But he had no way of knowing that for certain, and it ate at him, especially now that he had been given a very concrete example of how Iron Man could be made into a weapon of evil, instead of a tool of good – something he had always known, but that he had not, at first, really known.
Tony searched for something to say, to explain why he hadn't come up right away to spend some time with Steve, when the man so obviously welcomed it. Why he had appeared just after Tony Stark had left. Not that Steve seemed to even consider it possible for Tony Stark to be even a tenth of the man Iron Man was.
Tony was about to get into his car to get to a party – it was all becoming a bore, an annoyance, but Jan would be here and it wasn't like he had anything else to do – when two people walked to him and stood in his way.
“Busky's alive.”
He was interrupted by Steve hitting his shield with his palm, forcing him to shut up as he couldn't deal with how he had been backed into a corner – either admit what they both knew to be true, that Steve was acting like a jealous, jilted lover, which he wasn't and therefore had no right not act like that, or say outright how much disdain he had for Tony Stark and that he thought less of Iron Man for not sharing his mind on the matter.
“No no no no, I got this: the point was, Tony Stark, sapiens, fighting against his sapiens father, both in armors, when Magneto shows up and more or less tries to peace-keepingly kill everyone. Howard Stark, already defeated, doesn't stand a chance, and Tony hurls himself in between his father and a flying lamp post. There, his suit fails, like, Magneto, everybody, and next thing you know, he's... Well. Skewered.”
The footsteps stopped, as if frozen in shock and incomprehension, for a few seconds, then resumed. Steve sat down next to Tony, and moved to put a hand on a shoulder – ultimately didn't, instead aiming for Tony's left knee. His shoulders were taken by the chestplate, he wouldn't have felt the touch.
Iron Man, he reflected, might have to make a comment, here – after all, Iron Man wasn't Tony Stark.
It was, after all, what he'd been buiding up to all along.
But, no, of course, it was Iron Man who'd been called. Even if Steve wanted to talk about everything, it would be the same as always: Steve's idea, Steve's incompromising principles, Steve's … – what? Steve's offer to fight the good fight against the evil overlords of accountability? How did Steve even think they would make that work, exactly? Using the armor while not expecting “Mr. Stark” to be able to pinpoint it, or at least to shut it down, was a ridiculous idea. Without the armor, though, Iron Man was useless – no, he wasn't, was he, but it wasn't like Steve knew that, and even then...
Sometimes Tony wondered why he even bothered to come back into the Avengers' current team, why he agreed to burden himself with even more responsabilities over and over again. The answer to that, of course, was that he didn't care so much about the burden, as long as bearing it also allowed him to be with people who didn't expect anything Tony-Stark-related from him. He'd come to terms with Cap not wanting to be Tony Stark's friend – and yes, it still hurt whenever he remembered, but that was what alcohol was for, wasn't it? He'd made other friends, too, through the Avengers, through the most hectic part of his life.
He wouldn't count on it.
Anyway.
He was aware that the longest he went without saying anything, the more Steve was going to start assuming he had a difficult time finding something good to say about “Mr. Stark” – which was not necessessarily false, but not for the usual reasons you couldn't find something nice to say about someone. Hence why he needed to give Steve something good, so that the long silence could be explained away by the significance of the answer, rather than by a difficulty to find one.
Long ago, Cap had called him a mercenary while angry at something else, which was completely stupid because no simple mercenary would go through the constant danger and sacrifices an Avenger, or a superhero in general, had to live with, not even for all the money in the world – unless, perhaps, the money was to pay for something else, like, say, the medical fees of a family member...
The thought, for all it hurt to acknowledge it, also made Tony want to prove Steve wrong, to try and show him, once more, that Tony Stark was worth something – maybe not much, but something. That, even if Steve Rogers didn't like Tony Stark, he could nonetheless trust him to have Iron Man's back, to believe in the same things Iron Man believed in.
But right now, he sure sounded like it.
And now Rumiko was dead, Tony was alone in Kyoto – Rhodey, Pepper and Happy had offered to accompany him, but they were needed back in the States if he wanted to take even one day off to say goodbye – there was no future ahead of them, and it was his fault, not because he was responsible for her death but because he hadn't been good enough to make sure it wouldn't happen.
He really wanted to be selfish, but. The price was too high – it always was.
“I... Well. It wasn't... It wasn't funny, after Gyrich got at the head of SHRA, and then there were the Skrulls, and...”
So Tony barely spent any time at the mansion as himself.
Of course he had to. If he didn't, that would be hypocritical to a point – Tony wasn't against hypocrisy when it got the job done, but you couldn't push it that much, or it simply didn't work anymore.
How ironic, really, that the one who brandished his trust in superheroics as a principle of goodness was here the one who first used a measure of restriction that could be considered an inappropriate use of force against someone trying to talk things out.
So he just took a breath, bit inside his mouth.
“When Tony was killed, because he was too fucking busy dealing with the next crisis to defend himself, because he'd always known how to prioritize, because it always ended up being at a personal cost, do you know what happened, Steve?”
So he shifted his gaze to rest on said skrull, his face impassive – and thus ignoring the woman at the same time. She kept her cool, went on. The male, on the other hand, started looking angry, as if there was anything he could do to make Tony stop looking at him without bringing the energy wall down, which would be welcome but was not very likely to happen.
“Don't you think... Maybe you should go out and tell them?”
It had been the “official story”, after all, and Steve knew how little that meant when it came to SHIELD.
You'd think Captain America would be kind enough not to strike an injured man – but Tony knew from experience that when you were Tony Stark, that thought didn't apply. In fact, thinking back to Clint's Thunderbolts, to the mission he'd done with them as Cobalt Man, to the way Steve had shut down Zemo Jr.'s – genuine, for once – attempt at redemption – and okay, the man hadn't reacted well afterwards, but here was the point, afterwards...
