No, not too late. That’s not what I meant. I just mean… later in our ‘acquaintance’ than I would have expected. That’s all.
I vaguely recall visiting a client and failing to distance myself from her recollections: “I’d love to have gone further…such interesting conversation… this is special, let’s take it slowly…” I definitely remember struggling not to look at him during those pained moments. I remember finally feeling like a team again, but feeling further away from him than ever.
I keep my right hand in his front pocket, in case something turns up, and put my left hand in his back pocket. I’m digging around quite a bit at this point. Can’t have the man’s lip spilt, not with how much he bloody talks.
I know I said earlier that I would be willing to fulfill any role in Dr. John Watson’s life that he would permit me, but shouldn’t there be some reciprocity? Let me explain.
. It has a name. A young, perky name. Well, Katie, I’ve been saving John Watson long before you finished primary school. I won’t concede so easily.
“The short, blonde bloke you hugged earlier. The one with the green jacket and the brown jumper and the grey-blue eyes and the weathered face and the steady hands and the…”
Sherlock turns to me, a bit exasperated with, I think, just a hint of sadness?
“Not Ella. She’d be all booked up this time of year.”
John stands at my side. I quite like the look of him ensconced in my coat.
He stands up and lifts his hand to an empty street. “I’m sure you will love it.” All at once, five cabs skid up to the kerb. They crash into each other, horns blaring, but one pulls up in front of the pileup. I stand, mouth agape, as Sherlock opens the door to the undamaged taxi.
I throw my glass to my mouth, possibly dribbling a bit. I wipe my face with my sleeve and push myself off where I lean on the table. I'm already on way towards them when I say, "Not his girlfriend, Molly. Not if I can help it."
"Go away," I grumble. John shakes with laughter beneath me. I can feel his delight run through me. Heavenly.
Sherlock scoffs at me, looks around the room. I can’t help feeling that we should be having this discussion and any other time or place, but at least we’re finally having it.
"Sherlock, that's no way to treat a guest!"
He pulls my head down to his level and shows me just how little he cares about propriety. I could get used to this sort of closeness with John. And it seems as if I truly ought to prepare myself for further such displays. After all, he did learn our song for Christmas.
“Jesus, Sherlock!”
I nod at them approvingly. They deserve this moment, however strange it may be.
He pulls me up, smiles, and wipes away my tears. I have nothing to be afraid of any more.
“Perhaps it’s back right.”
“I think that’s enough, John.”
“Go on, posh boy. Let’s see what you can do.”
He opens up his dressing gown and gives me an eyeful. “I found a reference guide for this online. It’s called manscaping, John.”
However, right now I’m in the middle of cracking good fun Bond themed crossword in the Times…
“Because the length and intensity of that kiss demonstrated more than just a means of interruption of a deserved tirade on one of England’s surely most disposable service persons.”
“What sort of relationship did you have?”
“Nonsense. Anything for Sherlock’s guy.” He winks and turns to tend to another customer.
"And just how do you know so much about cricket players' bums, Sherlock?"
“You know, when I was off eliminating Moriarty’s operatives, it wasn’t all daring chases and impressive deductions. Certainly not interesting enough to warrant one of your most flattering blog posts.”
His phone buzzes. I nod, and he checks it.
Sherlock puts his drink down on the table looks at me like he is finally going to participate in the conversation. “When did I say that?”
And there’s the rub. Things
He huffs a laugh, nods, smiles.
“Oh, really?”
I mean. Ever since he was last cast aside from one of London’s more forgettable women, his mood and behavior have changed drastically. At first I thought it could be because Christmas is a mere five days away, but these are behaviors I have noted year round in some of my clients.
"A bit not good, you know, kicking our friends out on Christmas."
(I’m scared of what I will find if I really look.)
, he said, all those years ago. Clear as could be.
John slightly, but not entirely, disentangles himself from me. He looks down at the ground, eyes wide, and laughs a bit. He clears his throat and looks up at that woman, who is still standing there for some reason. "Katie, this is my flat mate, Sherlock. Sherlock, this is Katie. Be nice, wouldn't you."
“This just isn’t my scene, John. It’s that simple.”
It seems as if hours have passed as I sober up on the couch between a tittering Molly and Mrs. Hudson, who are carrying on comparing the calf muscles of different cricket players. John and Katie have since moved into MY bedroom (!!) and I can faintly hear some kind of animalistic squawking.
I step up and grab my floppy detective and remove him from the imminent danger that is ‘other people who don’t understand why cigarette ash is so important’. I sit him down on a nearby bench outside the pub. He looks up at me like a kid in school who has wet his trousers, desperate for salvation. I hope he doesn’t cry.
The woman holds up a hateful red and green knitted reindeer sweater. She approaches me with single minded focus. I feel time slow down.
been fine since John’s return. More than fine, in fact. That our friendship managed to persevere through all these years of lies, betrayal, and near death experiences was nothing short of a miracle. I consider myself the luckiest man in the world to call John Watson my closest friend. But goddammit, I’m a thirty-five year old virgin and sometimes push needs to come to shove!
At this point, I have both my hands in Sherlock’s back pockets, and my less than impressive height has me at eye level with the straining top buttons on his bespoke shirt. I look down at his chest. Huh. Absolutely hairless. How about that.
He looks up at me from under his eyelashes and I’m grateful for the scarf covering my reddening neck. He chuckles, “been noticing my mouth, have you?”
“Don’t speak too soon, John.”
Just as I am about to pick my jaw up off the floor and say anything remotely supportive or accepting, an alert goes off on Sherlock’s phone. He checks the screen, the bright light creating dramatic angles on his face.
“My mistake. It was in my coat pocket.”
In any event, I have vowed this year to abstain from any presents. It only gets me into trouble. In years past, John was disappointed that I neglected to get him anything, but when I take the time to handcraft a gift that is both useful and flattering to the recipient, John says things to me like “inappropriate” and “you’ve ruined the party” and “bloody hell, Sherlock how far does this research go back?” I’m a graduate chemist and one of the most celebrated minds in London. I don’t need to be chastised like this.
He laughs good naturedly and shakes his head. His hand ghosts over my shoulders as he makes his way to the stairs.
Molly casts a glance sidelong at Mrs. Hudson and nudges me in the side. "Not a fan of John's new girlfriend then, Sherlock? Katie, is it?"
“I’m glad you liked them. Those lights look nice,” John whispers on his way up the stairs to his room.
I turn and look at him, really look. Why can’t I see him like I used to?
“Yes, really. If I were to take you to my sort of bar, you would find yourself the fish out of water, so to speak.”
“Sherlock, mind if I borrow this? I can’t afford to get sick and miss my shift tomorrow.”
John shakes his head, rubs the back of his neck. Is he embarrassed? “Sherlock, I really want you to meet Katie. She’s amazing. But not yet, okay? Just trust me.”
Mostly, I find discomfort during the holidays because people act in unpredictable ways. This time of year either sends people into debilitating bouts of depression or hyperactive spells of retail mania; the usual motives I have come to suspect from people have no place in the winter time. There is no study to be had from a suicide spurred from loneliness or assault and battery over a coveted toy at the shops.
However, I am through putting John through hell. I am not equipped to fill all the roles that John deems necessary in his life. I can cure his limp, give him a flatshare, but there are some things I just can’t do for him.
“Sherlock!” Lestrade looked up at the darkening sky. “Any reason we can’t be looking out for Mahoney from the car? It looks like rain.”
Twenty nine days after I quieted a raving Sherlock Holmes, frantic and pacing, spitting out angular and angry deductions, made with no intention of conclusion to a problem, or “case”—
I wave stupidly at the bouncer and follow Sherlock into the club. A sea of fit, dancing men move to the thrum of the heavy bass music. The walls are lined with intimate booths and couches filled with men chatting and laughing. Sherlock moves effortlessly through the crowd and I follow, struggling to keep up. Eventually, we find a vacant booth and sit down, staring at anything but each other.
Our story comes to an end! Merry Christmas to all!
“John, please. A moment.”
“No need to pay. Just say my name up there.”
“Stanley, do you mind?”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” I reply as I walk to the fireplace, hiding my face and fiddling with the fairy lights I put up this evening. (I did have the leftovers and they were divine.)
“I think you’re right, Stanley. And look at me, standing about in just my tailored white shirt. Whatever will I do?” Ah, the first drops have fallen. Time to set the plan in motion. “And I have only the circumstantial evidence for you to convict Mahoney. We need to catch him in the act.” I gesture to the window just visible at the top corner of the alley.
And, if I happen to get a leg over every now and then, who am I to complain?
Though he seems to have sobered up in the intervening moments, I wonder if Sherlock Holmes has just directed at me an apology.
“Things are fine, Lestrade. About to be better. Don’t ruin this for me.”
“But why the irritation around the mouth? And the strict schedule…”
“Sherlock! I think he’s back downstairs!”
“Time for another drink. Want to head up to the bar? I’ll save the seats.”
“Christ! Did you see that?”
Of course, since my musician's strike began, my flat mate has reverted back to his unpredictable sleeping pattern. The result is an eye rubbing, slow and soft, positively grumpy John that I happen to find maddeningly adorable. And just like that, my resolve crumbles.
He turns back and smiles at me, the real, warm smile, reserved for those rare time when he can’t help it and the joy pours out of him. Twenty nine days later and all the days that come after, that’s where I want to be.
And then, Sherlock pulls the doors open and I’m struck dumb by the hot pink and blue neon sign reading ‘Bangers and Mash’. Sherlock walks briskly ahead of me and is suddenly embraced by the buff bouncer.
Maybe the holidays really are getting me. There is no reason that this Katie woman should pose any more of a threat to our partnership than any of the women before her. There have been scores of women before, all forgotten. The only difference is that now, I don't think there should be anymore. John and I need each other, and I will no longer concede to having to share him. I can be all that he needs. I'm mostly sure of it.
Dusty garland hoisted up from the basement flat. The smell of vanilla and cinnamon just barely overpowering Mrs. Hudson’s usual waft of marijuana smoke. A small, but distinct patch of red on the tip of the nose of one John Watson from the London chill. As inevitable as it is hateful, the Christmas season is upon us.
"The showers are in the cellar. There's hot water from six to ten every morning and evening. You're just in time."
"I can't deny them because YOU can't. Because they're part of you. And because I'm part of you too. I can't deny YOU, John."
She sniffles but doesn't answer.
But then Halsey had explained, "It's a lovely dream but it's going to stay one. I get by quite well. It spares me any disappointments."
John took a shower and got dressed. He put the stranger's clothes in with his own laundry. Then he sat down on the bed and opened the envelope. It was glued shut. Four sheets of paper. Sherlock's sprawling handwriting.
"It's been cancelled by now," Mycroft said. "Bomb threat."
"Tell me about Thomas," John said.
"The victims must have known the couple and trusted them, otherwise they wouldn't have let them do anything. So we have to assume that the sexual contact was already established by the time of the murder."
"Oh, then you know his laboratory?"
"My presence obviously irritates and confuses you."
A warm hand on his shoulder. Fingers brushing his arm, the back of his hand. Movement beside him. The mattress shaking. Breath, very close. Someone else's body heat under the cover. Arms holding him firmly. Pulling him into a place of deep, gentle comfort. Sherlock let himself fall and barely had time to feel it before he drifted off.
He blew out a puff of smoke and spoke without really sounding surprised: "I thought you'd come after me. What do you want?"
"Thanks."
John stood up again, walked back and forth a step or two. His head was buzzing. He was in over his head, had no idea what Sherlock was saying, couldn't believe it was true.
"Watson. My friend. Please."
Screams. Shots. Chaos.
"Sherlock, John. We got the Lowe killer! You were right, Sherlock. It worked. This is Luke Corcoran, by the way. Our undercover hero."
John hadn't answered for a long time. Then he'd looked up into his friend's eyes and surrendered with a sigh: "All right, fine. Tell me what I'm supposed to do."
"You're hurt."
"Such as?"
John took a deep breath, stretched, and stood up.
"I learned a lot," John admitted.
"What?" John said.
This corridor smelled different. Light, with a hint of sweetness. Colourful pictures on the walls. Sherlock stopped in front of a huge bulletin board. Birth announcements. Every baby looked identical to the next. More or less.
"Callum was married. He's a widower," John said, unsettled by the sudden turn the situation had taken. "He has four daughters, all academics with their own children and families. Callum probably has several grandchildren."
"No."
"So Ethan's a suspect."
"I didn't take you seriously enough, did I?" Sherlock whispered very softly. His voice quavered. "I didn't take you or all the things we're doing here seriously enough. They're important to you."
"Why are you asking that? You know the answer."
"To put an end to it. To everything. To destroy the satellite."
"Thank you," said Sherlock, impressed at the woman's professionalism. "What about the baby?"
Their eyes met. They watched each other for a while, both calmer now.
"No." Sherlock wasn't listening any longer, distracted by the condition of the head wound. It was dreadful. The young man's head had split upon impact. It was completely bashed in on one side, the skull fractured in several places. Sherlock gestured inside the wound. "There are specks of paint here."
"You can't find John's daughter," she declared.
Sherlock leaned against John as they both sat on the blanket John had brought along, his head on John's shoulder, John's hand in his. In the midst of thousands of people also waiting for the fireworks. Close by a young couple wrapped around each other. Behind them two families with children running and screeching through the crowd in high spirits. An elderly couple, the woman in a wheelchair, the man's hand on her shoulder. Mrs Hudson had run into some friends and gone to join them after seeing John and Sherlock holding hands.
Sherlock cleaned his violin and bow, stowed both in the case, and put it away. Then he unpacked the plastic bag, setting out the serviettes and plastic cutlery alongside the polystyrene containers. John had brought green curry with chicken and vegetables for him. Fried rice with beef for himself. Just like back on Baker Street. Was that feeling flowing through him happiness? Was it happiness to have someone who knew exactly what you wanted? Who thought nothing of making decisions on your behalf and bringing the right thing? Was that happiness, and he was just now realising it? Had he simply not noticed it all that time on Baker Street?
"The rituals were later demonstrably cut out of various manuscripts, omitted when new copies were made, or edited. And here: this is a blessing for the dying. Sheppard says it's unusual because it mentions someone carrying it out and absolves him of any wrongdoing. She believes it might refer to a ritual killing."
Martin smiled. "You're on the path of the Magician at the moment," he said. "I'll be interested to see where that takes us."
"I'll lead you. Repeat the words, Sherlock."
The words, along with the laid-back atmosphere and his sharpened senses, had triggered something in John that he hadn't thought possible. He saw another Sherlock. He saw, deep within the pale eyes before him, another Sherlock. He felt him. Felt him throughout his body. As if something had made his skin permeable and Sherlock was seeping into him, diffusing throughout his body, everywhere, through every square centimetre of his skin. John had tossed every notion he had of sexuality to the four winds. Amazed at how simple it had been. All the women he'd penetrated. It had been so easy to let them go. To let go of something that had never really made him happy, that he might never really have understood or allowed. Sensuality.
"You're thinking about something," Sholto said.
In it, James Waugh agrees to join all of his worldly possessions – including those intended for womanly uses – to those of the Boons following his marriage to Alistair Boon's sister, Pauline Boon, as a gesture of atonement and compensation. In return, the Boon family agrees in perpetuity to forget all injustices of the past.
John nodded. He understood. He sat down on the bed. Sherlock beside him.
"Sherlock's motive was never to serve the country. He thinks he chases down criminals but he's really chasing himself. Because he's afraid to stand still. If he did, he might catch a glimpse of himself and see what he is."
"What? You can't be serious, Sherlock."
Sherlock felt fear in there too. His fear. His fear of the storm that toppled mighty fir trees and took life blindly. His fear of losing control, of being exposed. Of exposing himself. His fear of loving and allowing himself to be loved. Of trusting. Wholly. Deep in the fundamental functions of his body. Deep in the intricate pattern of his soul. Was this what John elicited in him before they'd even touched? Before there was any kind of reality outside of oral daydreams? Was it this existential gravity, such as he'd never known before? What was happening to him? Who was he? Who was Sherlock Holmes?
He was startled by the strength of his own reaction and by what was now open to him, the possibility, the invitation, promise, adventure. He hesitantly reached out his hand to John, and John lay down beside him, slowly, no rush. Sherlock closed his eyes when John's fingers combed through his hair, John's lips nestled in between his, John's body found his, the heat and hardness of his sex palpable through the summer coverlet and the dressing gown.
"Steven Berting?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock stood up and John followed suit. She was truly a queen, Sherlock was right. The way she came toward them, proud, erect, gracious. John smirked. Sherlock's adoration of Nora was both unfamiliar and touching.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Of course it isn't his real name," he cried. "But that's not the point here, John. Ethan got us in, removed any obstacles that might lie in our path. He holds a high position within this brotherhood."
"John's never lied to me," Sherlock said softly, taking two exam gloves out of the box Molly held out to him and putting them on.
He set the child down next to him on the sheet of metal when she wanted to get off and her urge to move around gained the upper hand. She immediately crawled over to a piece of wood that was lying around, and picked it up with great interest. It was too big for her to swallow so Sherlock let her. There was nothing nearby that might have posed any danger to her.
"I belong to you," he whispered.
When he opened his eyes, he saw John walking toward him, a smile on his face, trolley case in tow, a day pack, jeans and a t-shirt, hair fair and bleached from the sun, face and arms tanned. He stopped in front of Sherlock, rested his suitcase beside him, no rush, took off his backpack and set it down too. Then he looked up. He was smiling, his grey eyes flashing with irrepressible joy. He inhaled, about to say something, but fell silent under Sherlock's gaze before the words could form on his lips.
"I know I don't talk about myself very much, and especially not without being asked," Sherlock went on. "But if there's anything you want to know about me, John then ask. I'll be honest with you."
"Yes," he sighed.
His trembling fingers when he took John's hand and guided it where he wanted it.
Before John could respond to this explanation, Lestrade came into the office and dropped a pile of folders onto the table next to them with a bang.
I finger the dried berries through the material of the handkerchief in my pocket as the Doctor and I stroll at a leisurely pace through the countryside back to our cottage. It is just outside the next village, and we are enjoying the extended walk, happy to be free of all those people. Watson is busily retelling what he has found out. We have discovered much in the course of the day, and I must confess that a picture is beginning to take shape in my head, in which the suspects are becoming more and more clear.
"The Holmes genius." Sherlock smiled. As the rims of their glasses touched and their eyes met, he felt something chilly in his heart break. His statement wasn't a lie. And yet he was lying to John again.
Sherlock watched John as he studied the information board. "I need to send you in alone because..."
Sherlock was sitting in his orange armchair. He looked terrible. Raw and shattered. John sat in the lime green armchair across from him. Two metres apart. The room smelled surprisingly good: fresh, different than earlier.
Sherlock was unsettled by his friend's reaction. "I've demanded too much of you," he said uneasily.
"We'll start in the City. Can you do the western side? I'll start in the northeast."
"John?"
Phil's friendly eyes rested on John. That serenity and smile back again, ubiquitous, anchored deep in the doe-brown.
"I'm in love with you, John," he said. It came out clear and firm, but the sentence cost him everything he had. His pulse was racing. His hand was shaking like a leaf. His entire body was shaking like a leaf. He heard John take a gasping breath. Confusion. Fear. A wave of panic. John's heavy breathing in his ear. Struggling for composure. No response. Just breathing. A dry swallow. Breathing. Heart racing. Swooning. Sherlock tried to get through it. Just get through it. A painful tug on his hair. Take a breath. Keep walking down the street. Just walk. Keep going.
"Stop it, Sherlock!" After a moment, once again neutral: "Why should gay priests form some kind of group? Why murder? I'd think it would be more in their interest to keep quiet."
The masseur. Sherlock wouldn't mention him twice without a reason. What did that mean: He's quite nice? Was he a lead? Sherlock seemed to be warming up to him, going to have coffee with him. John couldn't exactly say that comforted him. Dr Kenny hadn't contacted him again either. John decided to call her.
"We're looking for a murderer who had it in for men like that, John."
"What happened?"
"It's raining."
Sherlock nodded mutely. They were still looking at each other. Solemn. But calmer now. Ready for whatever needed to happen. It was a strange and novel situation. Not a case, not a criminal problem, not a public mission. Just them. The two of them. Their hands joined. And the topic they were discussing so earnestly was them.
"That's a declaration of love, Sherlock," John whispered, deeply moved.
John obeyed. It was as if he were in a trance. Maybe he was. He was calm and felt confident. He trusted what Martin was doing, what was happening, even if he didn't understand it. He sat in front of Sherlock, sorted out their legs, put his arms around him, let himself be drawn into a tight, desperate hug. Sherlock pressed his tear-streaked face into John's neck, his body shaking. John just held him.
Sherlock had stopped again. Apparently the short exchange had confused him so much that he didn't know up from down anymore. He stared off into the distance. John tugged at his arm.
The taxi driver's name was Nikita Makarovich Kusnezov, but he proposed that John simply call him 'Nikita'. In return, he called John 'John'. Nikita's English was fairly good, albeit with such a strong accent that John had difficulty understanding him sometimes. He'd studied mining but was working as a taxi driver because he could earn more than way than in his native trade. He knew a lot about Yakutsk, his hometown, and offered to show John the city. John agreed. He was less interested in the city, however, than in the information he could glean from talking to Nikita. Nikita knew an astonishing amount and was up-to-date on all the latest gossip. He also taught John a few words of Russian.
It was clear to me what happened from the moment I saw the document. But Pauline's nod is the final proof that my theory is correct. And here, now, is the feeling that sometimes comes over me when the culprits' evil deeds are spread out before me, becoming visible in their awful clarity. Bitterness and anger at what people do to other people. It is a brief sensation that I shove aside in order not to dilute the lucidity of the insight. But it overcomes me now, as the woman nods and with that feeble gesture cracks open everything that lay heretofore hidden. And at the same time, in the same moment, an unbridled joy wells up within me at having seen through the offenders and solved the case.
The neighbour's door opened. A young woman spoke to him in Russian. John showed her the piece of paper with the address. She read it, then talked at him, gesticulating. She held up four fingers and pointed upstairs, then waved dismissively and indicated with scrabbling fingers that he'd left. John nodded, and in answer to his question of where Andrej Igorovich might be now, she signed that she needed something to write with.
"Sure," John answered lightly. "I'll just need to plan it in."
"Have you ever checked whether Dr Kenny really allowed it, or whether Dave just said she had?"
The question threw John, and for several heartbeats he didn't even understand what Sherlock meant, nor what he should answer. Then he took a deep breath. His pulse was pounding and his heart fluttering anxiously when he said in a low voice, "Touch me, Sherlock."
"Come back later."
"Once. She gave her life for me. I wanted to thank her. Even if that's utterly ridiculous. I mean, she's dead. She can't hear it anymore. I'm too late." Sherlock's voice faded away. He was horrified to feel tears shoot into his eyes. "I know I don't have the right," he finally whispered with difficulty. "I broke my promise. I wanted to protect her. I would have done anything to protect her. Anything. But she was the one who protected me. And she gave everything to do it. Absolutely everything." Sherlock took a shaky breath. The pain cut off his voice.
John's phone rang a moment later. Sherlock's number. John accepted the call.
"My wife died eight months after our wedding," John continued. "She was in the late stages of pregnancy."
"And your father?" John asked.
Sherlock stared down mutely at the stone, at the grave of Mary and Sophie Watson. Fresh grass had already begun to grown in the recently upturned soil, daisies were sprouting next to the gravestone. Sherlock reached for John's hand. John had set down the flowers. Red roses for Mary, white ones for Sophie. John had carried the white ones to the cemetery, Sherlock the red ones. Sherlock had held onto the long stems tightly on the way. The thorns had poked through the thin paper, into his hand. He'd felt the pricks and only squeezed harder, wanting the pain, welcoming the blood. The sticky liquid adhering to the paper, secretly uniting with the flowers. And now that he was holding John's hand, sticking to John's palm. The same way their genitals stuck together with semen when they made love.
"Fake death, yes. I needed to go... away from you. You were in danger because of me. It never would have ended."
A policewoman rapped briefly on the door before entering.
"You loved him," Sherlock said tonelessly.
It had stopped raining sometime during the night. The morning sky was clearing. The moisture still clung to the mountains as a thick fog, hiding glacier, rock, and stream. The specialists from the cantonal police were searching the Reichenbach again for Sherlock and Moriarty.
"It's... incredibly exciting, John," Sherlock whispered. His forehead touched John's, he licked John's cheek with his tongue. "And salty."
Lestrade took pictures of the information wall. Then they gathered up all of the documents into a file folder. Rose said good-bye. Her mission was concluded as soon as the satellite burned up. She shook Lestrade's hand, thanked him courteously. Then she shook Sherlock's hand, a firm, female handshake, and said, "Take care of John and Sophie."
Sherlock boiled water to make more tea. Strong, black tea. Poured some grenadine syrup into a glass in the meantime (who bought such horrid stuff!), filled it the rest of the way with water, drank half of it (much too sweet!), added more water (better), drank half of it again and refilled it with water (practically nothing but water now, a barely perceptible hint of sweetness in the background and a negligible amount of pink. Perfect!). He ate the glass of pickles he found in the refrigerator and toasted some bread to go with it. More water. And more grenadine syrup. The sweating was decreasing. Good. Sherlock sat on the chair in the kitchen and tried to figure out what had happened to him. Dehydrated. Overstimulated. In love. Not good.
"We're dealing with the murder of a priest," Sherlock said icily. "Your friend might be helpful. That's all."
Once, John had even found another flat but decided in favour of Sherlock at the last second – following a horrific internal struggle.
"No," I say. "Thank you, Doctor."
"Why what?"
"You've made reservations in the most expensive restaurant in the city," John grumbled.
"Both murders took place almost exactly a year apart," John said. "Could there be some ritual behind it? An anniversary?"
Sherlock was sitting in his chair in front of the fireplace, lost in thought, staring off somewhere into the distance. He held the violin upright on his left thigh as he stroked the long bow across the strings. Very slowly, without exerting any pressure. A soft, scratchy, sonorous sound. His left hand on the fingerboard, as if in slow motion, fingering random notes on auto-pilot then lying still for long seconds while the bow set the strings in motion. Not in a melody. Just long, vibrating oscillations, so slow that they threatened to disintegrate into their overtones at any moment. Sherlock didn't seem to be aware of what he was doing.
"Some day," I whisper as I run my fingertips over John's lips, "some day we shall live alone in the cottage and do there as we please."
John felt the dehydration progressing. It was becoming difficult to think clearly. He was tired and had a terrible headache. His mouth was dry and sticky. It still tasted of chlorine. He didn't know how much time had passed. But if they didn't want him to die of thirst, he needed something to drink pretty soon. And badly.
"Come," he said.
Rose Granby was not the woman who had picked Mary up at the hospital. She was the mastermind in the background. She was older, maybe forty, a highly intelligent and experienced individual with an intimate knowledge of all of the usual methods of interrogation, including torture. This was demonstrably not the first time she'd been in a situation like this, and she knew perfectly well that the CSIS wasn't about to sacrifice her. She didn't so much as react to the officers' questions. She repeated her version of events, remaining pleasant yet obdurate, and provided all the information necessary to close the "Holloway shooting" case as quickly as possible. There was nothing more to get out of her. Rose refused to say anything else without explicit permission from the CSIS. Lestrade had already put everything in motion to get an okay from the Canadian secret service. One of the things he'd done was to contact Mycroft.
"How are you?" he asked Sherlock.
John gasped in shock, flung his eyes open. No, there was nothing there. Had he been mistaken? Sherlock. Sherlock's eyes. Wide open in disbelief. Startled. They looked at each other.
"A man?" Martin asked.
Sherlock asked for a print-out of the list with the six women who had either had a spider tattooed or removed from behind their left ear. The tattoo artist remembered one customer in particular, a thin woman around thirty years old with short, dark hair. Her name was Fabia Maher.
John got up anyway. He felt hollow, like he'd been run over by a lorry. His eyes were swollen and sore, felt as if they were full of sand. Sherlock was right: he couldn't go out in public like this. Even more so after he'd checked the mirror in the bathroom. The ice-cold water felt good. John cooled off his face, couldn't get enough of the coldness. But it stayed on the surface. His heart was raw. The water didn't reach that far.
"No. There's another one. The Chapel of the Virgin. It's well lit and quite friendly. Didn't Gerome show it to you?"
"Discrepancies? What's that supposed to mean?"
"I'm not his nursemaid. Where are you?"
John was staring at the text from Sherlock when a voice whispered to him from a couple of metres away: "Come with me."
The Grand Master. John felt a deep gratitude when he thought of Martin. The pain surrounding him had faded with every step he and Sherlock had taken toward each other. The foundation was holding. John smiled; smiled for Martin. If he could have seen it, he would have smiled back.
It was cool when John got up in the morning, extricated himself from Sherlock's arms. Sherlock didn't wake up. He turned over, kept sleeping, buried himself in the pillow, his dark curls tumbling across his face.
"John?" Sherlock placed a hand on his shoulder. "Let's go look at the garden."
We breakfast in silence. Mrs Walton does not pose any questions, nor does she impose herself. She sets apple juice, porridge, stewed fruit, eggs, cheese, and baked tomatoes on the table and leaves us to it. She is a reticent woman by nature. I am grateful for that.
John let Mycroft's limo bring him to Bart's. He'd come to an agreement with the elder Holmes brother that they would stay in touch until Sherlock was doing better. During the drive, John read in shock the text message that Sherlock had sent in the meantime:
Sherlock paused. Lestrade was right. What was he doing here? He didn't know himself anymore why he was snooping around John's flat. It smelled of John and the child. Was he looking for John? For John and the life he no longer shared with Sherlock? He wasn't focusing on Rosie here. It was difficult for him to fully comprehend that she had been kidnapped. She didn't occupy a space in his field of perception anymore. When Mary died, he'd somehow lost the child too, lost sight of her. John often handed Rosie off to others. He'd barely seen her. Not even at the beginning, when he and John had tried working together again. Rosie had disappeared from his life.
"Do you want to talk about what happened in the relaxation room?" Dr Kenny asked next morning.
Sherlock stayed silent, abashed.
"I'm leaving next week," he'd answered. "I still need some time... in this place."
"Yeah. It's all going perfectly. But I can't talk here. It's the silent hour and there's not a peep anywhere. I don't know who else is in the guesthouse and how well sound carries through the walls."
"I cannot either."
Quite a lot of alcohol was consumed, and after most of the women with children had gone home, the rest of the guests sat around the fire for a long time, drinking whiskey, telling stories about the village and the heroes and witches that had lived there. It was morning when John and Sherlock collapsed into bed, half dead. The cottage was a ruin and smelled of people, onions and sage. John and Sherlock had never been to a party like that before. It left in its wake a sense of having been accepted and welcomed, of belonging. An experience that overwhelmed both of them and made them happy in a new, heretofore unknown way.
"That's YOUR problem, not mine," Sherlock responded coolly and stood up, a sign that he considered the conversation over.
John looked exhausted. He gestured clumsily toward the violin. "Nice piece. What is it?"
"My door is open, you know," I said and left.
A car stood outside the wall. Mrs Beatty took the girl from Sherlock until he'd settled himself on the backseat. Then she placed the child in his arms again. Arthur Marsden took the seat next to him, his pistol cocked. Mrs Beatty was on the other side. She had clothes for the little girl with her, and dressed her on Sherlock's lap while the other man pulled the car into the midday London traffic. Sherlock felt his phone vibrate briefly in his pocket. John had replied to his text.
"I like it," I replied, quietly, without looking up.
"A couple of hours..."
"Organise it? In Tibet? How do you think that's supposed to work?"
Sergej looked down into his coffee cup. The topic seemed to discomfit him, although he was the one who had brought it up.
She doesn't appear to be particularly happy about our business, but allows us to enter, going ahead of us into the kitchen. The ceiling inside is so low that I am forced to duck my head in order not to hit it on the soot-blackened ceiling beams. The woman indicates a rough wooden bench at an equally rough wooden table, upon which lie pieces of two rabbits, a bowl filled with innards, and the two freshly stripped skins.
"See you," Sherlock said hesitantly. And before John could ring off: "John?"
John walked hunched over to protect his face. He'd wrapped his scarf around his mouth and nose and pulled his hood down as far over his face as it would go. The icy wind drove hard, dry bits of snow through the grey winter air. John walked quickly, his hands hidden in the pockets of his parka. The city was empty. Bare. No one was out on the streets. The huge blocks of flats were gloomy and off-putting. Sparse snow swept across the concrete slabs. John didn't know the area. He couldn't even read the name of the city, much less pronounce it. He wasn't familiar with Cyrillic. He'd flown here to look for him. To find him. No matter what it cost. He'd been looking for years. But now he was sure he was here. John walked as if in a trance. Siberia. The thought of him was warming. A vague sense of hope in this barren expanse of pain.
"No?"
"I'm flying to Tibet the day after tomorrow, for six months," Sherlock said bluntly.
"Let's get something to eat," John had said when they left the police office. It was already after 9 p.m.
John was completely thrown by the question. At any other time, he would have given an immediate, affirmative answer, if it weren't for the Lowe case and his promise to go along with Sherlock's investigation. It wasn't about him and Sherlock right now. It was about the case.
John had already reached the door, but now he stopped and turned back to Sherlock.
"No, we haven't been able to find anything yet."
Then John said quietly, "We've lived together for two years. It's also a question of friendship."
"Let me give you release," he requested, his voice low.
"May I?" John asked and reached into Sherlock's hair to pull out a handful of dusty cobwebs. "A treasure chest?" he said as he brushed the sticky strands off on one of the old gravestones.
Before Sherlock could react, John reached up into Sherlock's hair, pulled him close and kissed him. The gesture was rough and powerful, the kiss tender and filled with an intimacy that made Sherlock reel. Their gazes brushed over each other, their fingers, before John picked up his bag, left the building through the sliding glass door and climbed into the taxi.
"What does this say?" John had pointed at the handwritten text beneath the two photos.
A tiny smirk appeared on John's face. "Whatever you want to call it. But the way things are now is tearing me apart. And it doesn't seem like you're doing too well either."
"It will be over eventually and I'll come back to you on Baker Street."
. A surge of emotion. Sherlock bit his lip. He was overtired.
They looked each other in the eye.
I swim a few strokes. Not many. The pond is small. A couple of strokes this way, a couple more in the opposite direction. I try to distract myself, forbid my hand from reaching for my cockstand. The impatience is difficult to master. I will wait for him.
"I can be hurt. I can't defend myself."
"Hm. There were no signs of any occult rites on the bodies. It's still possible, of course."
"It's the first time I've felt this way," Sherlock added quietly.
"Should we not always do so, my dear friend?"
Sherlock turned his head to look at John. The city lights passing by outside winked across his somber face. "I truly don't know, John," he said, his voice muted.
John looked at Sherlock, meeting his pale blue eyes, where surprise flared up briefly. Realisation. In that fraction of a second, a clue that suddenly brought light to the darkness.
"Why didn't you stay at the meeting?"
Mrs Hudson set the tray on the table. Sherlock dug his fingers into the chair and closed his eyes when she began pouring the tea into the cups.
"Most of the doctors at St Anna's belong to the same club. An academic old boys social club. All three victims attended regularly. The lads in Bury have evidence that the culprits can be found there. They meet in an old manor house just outside of town called 'Lucifer's Gardens'. Doctors and chemists get together with scientists from the technical college and literature and philosophy dons from the nearby university. Kind of stuffy, I reckon, you know, the usual. Academic snobbery. Discussions, debates, explaining how the world works, drinking whiskey, reading, networking." Lestrade's tone made it more than clear what he thought of institutions like that.
"Please."
"No," said Celine. "Not really. In your own interest, John: no, you don't have any choice."
"Get in bed, John," said Sherlock. "It gets cold quickly in here. Come."
The gas lamp was still burning beside the mattress. They embraced affectionately. Didn't stop touching each other, unable to let go. They lay together and looked into each other's eyes. Free. Deep, with no obstacles between them.
"Good. Agreed. Dr Watson and I will be present for the interview."
"They're lying."
"Stay with me, John. Please," Sherlock sobbed into his neck. John rubbed his hand across the bony back, lost in thought.
"Stay alert. We don't know what's coming."
"Sherlock. Please. You're making me nervous. Come on, sit down."
"What's going on here, Sherlock?"
John remained stubbornly silent.
Sherlock placed a finger over his lips to signal John to be quiet. Then he flipped back the left side of his coat so that John could see the small silver cross pinned to his lapel.
Sherlock had left. Simply walked away. He couldn't do that. It was too much. Much too much heartache. Too much suffering. He couldn't take it much longer. John got up, stepped just outside the door. Sherlock was nowhere to be seen.
"If I take sides with the Canadian secret service, I'd be working against my own country. I don't think I need to explain that to you. My brother is a member of the government."
"No. I would not have gone along with faking an undercover investigation just to get some therapy," John admitted.
Sherlock's heart threatened to stop when John turned the doorknob to the bedroom and came in. Sherlock tried to breathe, keep his breaths calm. John didn't turn the light on. He slipped into bed beside Sherlock. Rustling. Someone pulled on the blanket, wrapped it around themselves. A familiar smell, mixed with the tangy freshness of the shower gel. Heat. John lay all the way on the right-hand edge of the bed like always, with his back turned toward Sherlock. John breathing in the darkness of the room. His breaths were deep, more like sighs going in and out.
"No, sir. Someone would have noticed, and it wouldn't have been very smart besides. The men lock their dogs up when they do the shearing. Stray dogs make the sheep uneasy."
John placed a hand on Sherlock's shoulder, squeezed it, and said in response to his friend's anxious tone, "The sacrament of Holy Orders is the most important milestone in the life of a priest. It's like a wedding. Friends and relatives are invited to witness the vows and celebrate together. It was long before I knew you, Sherlock."
"There's a cellar under the rectory."
"Come and sit," Sherlock said. "Drink this."
He looked up at John. Then he said, soft but clear, "I want to be an equal partner to you. And I'd like you to accompany me on the path to that goal."
"No. Explain it to me."
"How long have you been a couple?"
Sherlock tossed the report onto the table.
John felt confident in what he was doing. He knew it wouldn't be difficult to assume the role of a priest. He'd seen more than enough. He had enough real injuries and scars to convince any doubters. He'd even dug out his own Bible, surprised to see how well worn it was. Dog ears, bookmarks, highlighted passages, notes. He'd read and discussed the texts with Ethan when they were teens. Back then. It was a long time ago. Yet the book with the grey dust jacket still felt familiar in his hands. And John realised that he even still knew the order of the books and prophets inside.
John nodded. "I'll do it," he said firmly. "I've handled worse."
"Do any traces remain?" Sherlock asked, his interest piqued.
"You'll be kicked out after ten seconds if you don't enter the security code. Shift Alt m. Every ten seconds. Twelve times, then we'll be locked out."
John looked at his naked friend, becoming aware that there was more than just the night. There was also day. Light. Sun. Work. Other people. The daily grind. That the events of the night had an influence on the day as well.
"Myself, Martin, Callum and Gordon."
Was it good? No. No! It troubled Sherlock, this conclusive clarity. He smashed it with a fierce four-string chord, shredded the tonic, let the chord grow into dire suspense, built up dissonances, let them grind against each other, clear and sharp, seized the pain, looked it in the eye, withstood it, looked inside it, savoured it until it became familiar, lost its horror, revealed its purity, and finally let it go, gently, unhurried, one note at a time, until it melded into an unbearably sweet harmony that he immediately continued, concentrating on a single, pure, precise note that he neither delayed nor drew out but simply played and completed.
Constable Hartley fetches us in a two-horse buggy, and brings us to the neighbouring farm of the murder victim. He and the Inspector have assembled everyone who might know something. Another neighbour allows us the use of her sitting room for the interviews. There is a brisk coming and going between the two properties. The people come over to be questioned, then go back to the other house to say their good-byes and offer comfort. The husband's sister is there with the children; the husband is prepared to speak to us.
"He's taking care of an assignment for you, isn't he? Where?"
"Yes." The man's voice was clear and confident.
John hadn't counted on receiving a positive answer; he'd been prepared to have to convince Sherlock first. Sherlock wasn't a fan of strolls. John was surprised he'd agreed so readily. He would have liked to take it as a positive sign, but Sherlock's unsettled emotional state sent a diametrically opposed message.
Sherlock ran his hand down his face. He must have fallen asleep. Exhaustion. Maybe it had been exhaustion. He hadn't slept in quite a while. And now he felt tired and drained. Empty. A couple of hours anyway, that was something. He got up and went to the window. The night reigned humid outside. A church clock sounded out three-quarters of the hour somewhere. He didn't want to know which hour. Irrelevant.
"Of course. The next public one will be on Tuesday."
"As I said, brother dear: not on the phone. Tonight, eight o'clock."
"No. Hired from a car rental agency by an older gentleman under a false name. Returned on time, paid in cash."
"Just start somewhere. At the beginning. I want to know everything."
"We're retired, John. We have all the time in the world. I'll be back tomorrow evening at the latest."
The moon was full. One more thing to deal with. A cloudless, late summer's night sky spread out above Burnham Beeches. The pale disc hung large over the landscape, pouring milky light out across the fields, woods, and meadows, the path at John's feet a dun-coloured strip. John walked quickly. He heard the rhythmically undulating song, the drum accompaniment. The echo carried the sound to him. And he smelled the fire.
"Give me a few minutes, please, Sherlock."
John closed his eyes. Damn it! Martin wanted to know every last detail. And John had to play his role, had to keep himself open, allow it. Had to find a killer. He had an assignment. In light of the situation, it would be productive to give a positive answer to the question.
John looked into the beautiful eyes, their affectionate gaze resting on him. There was no one else who John trusted so implicitly. There was no one else whose eyes he could look into so long and so unreservedly. Sholto had an inner wisdom and peace that made it easy to believe him.
John set down the bag on the counter with the food he'd fetched from the Thai place around the corner and dug out the plastic containers. He'd actually wanted to cook, but when Sherlock was so deep in a case, it wasn't worth investing time in good food. Sherlock didn't notice what he was eating anyway. And the Thai curry was all right. John took it with him into the living room.
Sherlock let go of John's hand, dug in his trouser pocket and held the crumpled bit of paper serviette out to John. The writing pressed into the soft paper was just barely legible:
It wasn't clear whether it was a question or a statement, but Sherlock nodded.
Mrs Walton calls us to dinner. We knock out our pipes and go into the kitchen. It smells of onions and meat. Mrs Walton sets the apple cider and the pot with mutton stew on the table, along with potatoes, bread, and the obligatory cheese. The mutton has been cooked with onion, garlic, sorrel and tomatoes. Mrs Walton scoops a portion onto my plate. It smells spicy, lying before me in its red sauce. Watson has gone back outside to wash the tobacco from his hands. I reach into my trouser pocket, take out the knotted handkerchief, and open it. I ground the dried berries into a brownish powder with the mortar and pestle in Mrs Walton's kitchen when no one was looking. The powder feels soft and fine between my fingers. I sprinkle it over the mutton. A generous amount. I need to be able to think.
"I know. You didn't contact me either. He found you anyway."
Stean Whitehead nodded silently.
*****
"It will all come out, John. I'm going to get you out of here."
"I belong to you, John," Sherlock said eventually, right before they fell asleep.
Detours that ate away at their time. The license plate, the tattoo. Someone was a master of distractions. Was the abduction of Mary and Sophie a distraction too? To keep them away from something else, something bigger? Copernicus. Sherlock was undecided. Was it more important to find Mary or to go after the satellite?
Sherlock shifted over wordlessly. John lowered himself to the couch beside him. He smelled warm and familiar. The olfactory components that were missing from Baker Street. Sherlock caught himself inhaling them greedily. Memories and a sense of satiation. John was being lax with his personal space. He sat close. Almost touching.
When their lips reached for each other again, there was such a deep desire and tenderness in the act that Sherlock felt light-headed. He gave himself over when John pushed him gently down onto his back so that he could extend his injured leg off to the side. He surrendered to the overwhelming feeling of utter abandon and absolute trust. He stretched his body out under John's loving hands, drunkenly returning the intimate kisses, enjoying the slow, lascivious rhythm with which John rubbed against his thigh while John's hand stroked him, driving him into an intoxicating ecstasy, red-hot and unerring.
John breathed, tried to relax. The pain almost made him pass out. Then it dissolved, suddenly, simply drained away. Martin released the pressure of his fist, took it away. Two heartbeats later a strong heat flooded John's body, inundating him with brutal intensity. A flaming wave of arousal shot into him, setting him on fire without warning. Martin let go, moved away from him, but stayed seated beside him, one hand on his shoulder. He was breathing hard. He was aroused too.
Surprise registered in John's eyes. "Haven't you ever been?" he asked.
"We need to occupy ourselves somehow, don't we? Let's just start." John held out one hand to Sherlock, who reluctantly sank to his knees beside him. John scooched in close and draped the second blanket around both of their shoulders. "Let's make sure from the start that we don't get chilled."
The prognosis before the operation had been so bad that neither Sherlock nor John expected her to survive. But a beating heart -- along with a tiny ray of hope -- and an empty corpse are worlds apart. Broken worlds. Ends of worlds. The impact of the actual event was a shock. The finality distressing. The consequences unimaginable. A bottomless pit.
Sherlock read the pages, fascinated, with bated breath. He read and read and read. Page after page. Day after day. John's handwriting. Even and harmonious when the descriptions were affectionate. Crooked and irregular when he had doubts or became despondent. Sprawling and wild with anger and disappointment. Sherlock read and was ashamed and shocked by the things John had seen in him. Ashamed at his inattentiveness and arrogance, which had hurt John time and again. Shocked at the unambiguous words John used for him, both negative and positive. He was especially affected by the fact that John had already fallen in love with him in the first few weeks of their shared life. Maybe even the first time they'd laid eyes on each other.
But it wasn't over. Sherlock was still afraid to go into the morgue. He was sure that Molly had talked to John about him and what had happened. Molly was at John's a lot; she was Rosie's godmother and sat for her. He hadn't seen Molly at all since that difficult conversation. He'd been avoiding her. He hadn't followed John's advice to talk to her again, one on one. There was a lot of advice he hadn't followed. Including Ella's advice to take some time to go back to Musgrave and make peace with all of his memories.
Sherlock nodded wordlessly. He clicked on one of the linked references. The login page of CSIS. Sherlock copied the URL, entered
Sherlock nodded miserably and tried to relax. John laid him down with his back to the sideways table top. Their eyes met briefly, and John pushed Sherlock's tangled hair out of his face.
It was an extraordinarily respectully formulated question, by Sherlock's standards, and it made John smirk to himself. Sherlock was impressed by this man as well, never mind the fact that he was once again sitting in a markedly casual pose and wore a cool, impassive expression.
"What kind of things? What precisely did you need to know from Ethan in particular, hm? And why did you withhold this information all night? Sherlock. Ethan is a friend of mine. I don't want you putting him in danger."
"There's an internet cafe in Holloway," said Rose. "The inmates can send emails and surf the internet there under supervision. They need a special login code and everything they look at is registered, and their emails are read before they're sent."
"Not a good idea. Rosie's usually tired by this time. In fact she's probably already asleep and I'll need to wake her. She'll be cranky and reacts poorly to people she doesn't know."
"Yes," she whispers.
That smug tone. John felt anger and fury welling up in him. These damned Holmeses! He was scared to death for Sherlock and Mycroft kept feeding him one lie after another. Everyone was lying to him. Sherlock too. John was livid.
How did he deal with it? Hard to say. John gave it some thought. "I try to reassure him and still live my life," he finally answered.
Sherlock stared down at the creased face, the wet lips perfectly formed for suckling, the firmly clenched fists. The infant was sound asleep. A mild, sweet scent rose from her. Milk, vanilla, honey. Sherlock's eyes met John's. John was smiling. A thoughtful smile, with a warmth in it that confused Sherlock. Sherlock searched John's eyes for several long moments, trying to find the message being shared between them. It wasn't the child that made John smile like that. It was the baby and him, the two of them, the combination together. It was the shyness and awkwardness with which he held the bundle. And it was the unwavering, very basic trust of the child in his arms. Of this new, clueless human being. Just arrived. It was all the changes. New emotions. Untried. For him and for John. For all of them. A new story had begun, an unknown adventure. It scared Sherlock.
Gate 23 was still closed. The screen over the entrance to the boarding area said that flight BA 8764 to London was delayed by twenty minutes. The flight attendant at the gate was on the phone. Two men in ground crew uniforms stood next to her, talking. The passengers had sat down again, distributing themselves amongst the plastic bucket seats screwed to the floor in the waiting area. John decided to remain standing.
"You can stay here as long as you want." A hint of a smile on Sherlock's face. "Inofficially, if you like. You know that."
"All of the men," Schofield replies. "Waugh and Boon set off together and returned with the sheep."
John turned onto his stomach and Sherlock massaged his whole body with long, broadly drawn strokes. His back. Then his front. John lay there as if in a trance, stretched to his full length, completely relaxed. Sherlock's hands came closer and closer to his erect penis, their long, slow caresses passing over it, touching it, before moving on. John accepted the strong arousal without doing anything for or against it.
John shuddered as he recalled it. He'd climaxed within Sherlock's tight heat. Without even moving. His gaze lost in Sherlock's, his fingers resting lightly, so lightly, on Sherlock's swollen glans. He'd felt it overflow at the same moment. Sherlock's throaty, surprised cry. His own delirium. Disorientated, no sense of time or space. The subsequent words and caresses so tender; unending; intoxicating. Incredible. Both ransomed and ensnared. Caught in something that went beyond anything John had ever known before.
He played the first movement, trying not to get distracted. Were Eurus's thoughts invading his? Did she see or hear his uncertainty, his intention? Sherlock forced himself to concentrate on the music, not to pay attention to Eurus. Simply to play. He closed his eyes, listened closely to the tones, the phrasing, focused on the intonation, the vibrations, just as he did when he played when he was at ease.
The flat had a single room, was pitch dark and cold. The neon ceiling lamp cast it in a garish light. Someone had nailed a woollen blanket to a wooden slat to cover the window, providing both shade and insulation. A single table with two chairs. The smell of onions and cabbage. A gas cooker with a pot on it. John lifted the lid. A red soup. Borscht. A gas heater next to the window. John lit it. The blue gas flame spread around the ring with a dull pop. John set it to maximum so that the fireclay stones would heat up. In one corner the bed, unmade. Narrow. For one person. A cupboard. A small bookcase, around a dozen books, all Cyrillic. Next to that an armchair and reading lamp. John didn't turn it on, left the neon light.
Celine watched him, smiling. "You shouldn't drink with your mouth full. Has no one ever taught you that?" she asked.
John knew what Sherlock wanted and needed. And he knew what he wanted himself. The deep, tender kiss ignited their passion, fast and hard. They let it roll over them and sweep them along. Sherlock tore the blankets away from them, breathless. John dug his fingers into the cloth as Sherlock brought him to the brink of climax with his mouth and tongue, then entered him, both careful and impatient, and they collapsed against each other after just a few thrusts.
John watched him and smiled. Then he turned to the stove, got it going, put coffee on. He opened the cabin door. It wasn't raining anymore. The sky had cleared. He went outside, naked, went to the water trough, washed his face in the icy water. He hesitated a moment then stepped into the trough, into the ice-cold water, dipped his head under, splashed around, just for a few seconds, snorting, gasping. Then he jumped out, shook off, laughed out loud and free. He hadn't taken the towel outside with him, so the cool morning air chilled him immediately and he hurried back to the door.
"Oh."
I nod. I know. My God, what am I doing! I am beyond hope. I move away from Watson, lean back against the wooden cupboard and try to calm down. This cannot be. Such things cannot be allowed to happen. I am not in control. I need to take countermeasures. I am endangering both the Doctor and myself with such intemperate actions.
John's anger was clearly audible again. He was standing in front of Sherlock, looking down into his eyes. He was hurt and disappointed. Sherlock saw it but didn't know whether to comply with John's wish or not; whether he should stay and placate him or leave. Give him space, give him time to deal with what had happened.
"What do you want?" John asked quietly.
Sherlock.
Watson walks beside me, lost in his own thoughts. He has slung his waistcoat over his shoulder and opened his shirt, his eyes fixed on the uneven path in front of him. Beads of sweat shimmer on the sinewy hand with which he is holding the waistcoat. His shirt is stained and damp with sweat. I am also soaked through. But I sense that my body will remain complacent as long as I occupy my mind well enough.
"Are you certain? Why should he lie to us?" his wife asks.
Sherlock set the instrument aside, wiped the tears out of his eyes with the back of his hand, not even realising that he was doing it, before he started with the notation. He saw the strong line before him, needed only to write it down. It was so familiar. So simple. So immediate.
"So it's the spiritual aspect that scares you?" he then inquired in a surprisingly mild tone.
Sergej swallowed. "I'm sorry," he whispered. And after several heartbeats: "You must hate the driver."
"It's Mycroft," she said, completely distraught. "It's urgent. John. It's about John. Sherlock. Please..." Mrs Hudson's voice cracked. Sherlock took the phone out of her hand.
Sherlock didn't want that, didn't want the blanket or the dressing gown between them. He wanted John. Just John. He placed his hands on John's face, nudged him away a little, gently, took away the towel, slid his hand over John's shoulder underneath the dressing gown, pushed the soft material down John's arms and when it caught he undid the knot on the belt, pulled it open, removed the garment entirely from John's body. Breathless. John didn't move.
He asked so hesitantly, so incredibly hesitant, that John's heart clenched and then opened wide. Expanded and softened.
"Yes, I'm still here, John."
Three? John couldn't remember having packed three maps. Especially not three identical ones.
Lestrade pulled his men back out of Holloway once John had left the prison unmolested, the doctor's bag in one hand, dark expression, quick steps. Sherlock grabbed him and pulled him into the side street. Lestrade drove back to the Yard with his people in order to officially conclude the special unit's assignment.
A brief flicker of emotion flared up in Rose's doe-brown eyes. Just for a fraction of a second before the steel returned to them.
John grabbed Sherlock by the arm. "We're taking the case," he said firmly.
"I'm not giving up," Sherlock said. His eyes flashed sparks into the room. His mouth was grim, his hands curled into fists. "Never," he said, his eyes meeting John's helpless grey ones.
He stood before his friend, looking down at him, both uncertain and annoyed over the fact that John had his eyes closed and didn't look like he was about to open them.
Sherlock didn't respond. John took his hands away from his face and said calmly, "We're going to focus on those six words for three hours, Sherlock. On what they mean to us. What they mean for you, and for me, and for the two of us. Do you want to end this now? Before we've even started?"
"Yes." Sherlock summoned up all of his strength. "Yes, I'm in love, John," he said. John's pained breaths were so close it knocked the air out of his lungs. His pulse was pounding hard throughout his body, too loud to his own ears.
John walked resolutely. He had his gun with him. And he'd informed Lestrade without letting Sherlock know. Sherlock was oddly nervous concerning this case, and John was in a hurry to put an end to it all. At the same time, the previous night was stuck in his head, more than he could handle at the moment. John thought almost constantly about the tender, intimate experience; it made him pensive and at the same time filled him with irrepressible joy. He saw Sherlock differently now. He experienced him differently. It was as if he'd discovered and identified a second Sherlock hidden deep inside the one he'd known up to now. Maybe he'd made Sherlock's acquaintance now, truly got to know him for the first time. Maybe it was the first time he'd allowed the acquaintance. It was the first time he'd ever really set foot in the depths of his own sensuality and perceived the beauty lurking there. John knew that something important had happened, something that had to do with his inner self, and that would change him and his life. He'd wanted to sleep with Sherlock before, but it had been as if there were no common point of contact that he could have built on. After last night, there was one. It was different than John had expected. It was deeper and much more complex than anything he'd thought he knew about sexuality before. Neither of them, neither John nor Sherlock, had wanted to talk to Dr Kenny about it.
"Do you have the address of the flat?" Sherlock asked, ignoring John's question.
Sherlock carefully extended his injured leg. The rain had stopped a while ago. The first rays of dawn signalling the start of a new summer's day reached into the disintegrating building. The child in his arms whimpered softly and moved restlessly. Rosie was waking up, and was probably about to start crying. She needed dry clothing, fresh nappies, and food. He had to do something. Rosie struggled discontentedly, grizzling now and flinging her arms about. Sherlock opened his suit jacket, extricating her from the cocoon she'd been sleeping in. She was sweaty and stank, making it rather clear that she needed to get out of the soiled nappy. She started to weep softly when Sherlock picked her up with both hands and looked her in the face.
"I'm a doctor. Yes. I know what to do there. A soldier. Give me an objective and I know how to proceed. But as a husband, a father, a friend..."
"That's fine," Sherlock said.
Sherlock had placed the sonata back on the bed and watched John closely. He didn't know how to care for a clarinet.
He took off hat and gloves, opened his coat and started to break up some kindling and lay fresh wood on top of the old ashes. He wadded up some paper which he tore out of the Times and lit the fire. He waited until the flames lashed greedily at the wood before standing up and looking at me. His face was a pale mask. His eyes flickered in the unsteady light of the fire.
"McHattrick. He was twenty-six," Sherlock mused. And then to John: "I need to know who was active in the club with him back then, fifty-two years ago. See if you can find anything that has to do with Phil Salisbury or his partner, Davide Perilli. There should be something in the list of members. Are the membership records kept digitally?"
John woke up in a daze. He was hot, much too hot. His breaths were laboured. He felt beside him, touched the other body. Thank God! Sherlock was there. But something was wrong. John was confused. He felt for the lamp on the nightstand, turned it on and started. It was Sherlock's room. The old room on Baker Street. He wasn't in Siberia. Had they come back home? Sherlock lay beside him in bed and grumbled softly, probably complaining about the light.
"Just relax," John replied.
Sherlock looked at John, the start of a worry line between his eyes. John looked tired and sad.
John felt Sherlock's foot slipping in between his, the leg crowding in between his, hooking around them. So familiar. Sherlock, who pressed up even closer against him, rubbing against him with a soft moan. Sherlock's hand on John's bare skin under his t-shirt, his little finger brushing John's nipple. John knew it was hard. Hard as a rock. He closed his eyes.
"I know you're jealous, Sherlock. I'm sorry. It's nothing serious, don't worry. Come down and let's spend the rest of the time together. Should I come home?"
"Boon lives five minutes away on horseback. He could have fetched the dog to help then sent it back home afterwards."
Now, up close, she looked older than John had recalled. She cut the bread, focused and calm. Her hands were those of a mature woman. Her face was relaxed, the skin tanned and dry from the mountain air, creases around the eyes. Several grey strands in her short, dark hair.
Sherlock smiled. "Do you think you can handle it?" he asked.
It was a man's voice, and it confused Sherlock. It sounded familiar, but it wasn't precisely the voice he remembered, and it couldn't be anyway. Magnussen was dead. He'd shot him himself. Sherlock turned around. Three weapons were aimed at him: two revolvers with silencers and a machine gun. Two of the men were masked; the young man had apparently taken his mask off in order to let him in. Sherlock put up his hands when one of the men signalled him to.
John's eyes were on him. He was also upset. His breaths were quick and laboured. Sherlock saw the struggle in his friend's eyes. The thousand thoughts. Doubt. Regret. Weighing up. And then something he recognised but hadn't expected: fear. And at the same time the willingness of a soldier to act decisively. A long, searching look. Then certainty. Decisiveness. And within that: still, fear. John sat up, straightened his back.
He needed a distraction. He couldn't let himself call Sherlock. No texting either. No contact at all. It was harder than expected. John hadn't thought it would be so difficult for him. He'd already caught himself during the two-and-a-half-hour ride on the train, subconsciously waiting for a text, constantly being tempted to write to Sherlock. But he had a new mobile, a new number that Sherlock didn't even know, a prepaid card registered to John Horton, no contacts entered. A two-and-a-half-hour train ride. It was ridiculous. A ridiculously short time. A ridiculously short distance. A painful vacuum, devoid of information. John hadn't reckoned with this nagging restlessness. Nor with this dependence. Nor with the sense of helplessness his departure from London had left behind in him.
*****
John didn't have a key to the flat. Sherlock had it. He didn't know where Sherlock was, how he was doing. He expected he wouldn't be able to get in. But the door to the flat wasn't locked. John hung his jacket up on the hook, slipped out of his shoes. Sherlock wasn't there. The bed had been used and was unmade. Sherlock had slept there. That eased John's mind. At least he hadn't run off recklessly.
John had been pacing back and forth next to the kitchen table, but now he sat down in shock. He swallowed hard, looked at Sherlock in horror. Sherlock's eyes flickered uncertainly.
John was beaming. His grey eyes looked bright and clear in his tanned face. He'd showered and put on a light summer shirt, smelt fresh, of soap and dampness. He came over to where Sherlock stood by the cooker.
After that, everything had become a blur of dark and wet. Lightning and crashing thunder. An unbelievable volume of water thrashing down from the sky, whipped up by stormy gusts. A flood of Biblical proportions for him to run through. Run and run. Straight ahead, blind, no sense of direction. Into a forest. And onward. Darkness. The clamour of the storm. The beating of the rain. Wood cracking beneath his feet. His lungs gasping. Wetness. The searing pain in his leg. And Rosie, silently clinging to him. A meadow eventually, spanned by outsized power lines. The pain, crippling him more and more. Then the crumbling building. Refuge and protection from the rain. And the hope that no one had followed them.
Ethan nodded thoughtfully. "All right," he said quietly. Several long seconds passed before he began. "I met Thomas on the Way of St James. I walked it for several weeks, and our paths kept crossing. We ended up walking part of it together. We prayed the offices together in Latin. Other than that, we didn't talk. We'd both taken a vow to walk the road in silence. We didn't discover until we reached Santiago that we were both priests. And I discovered in Santiago how deeply that peacefulness of our time together on the journey had touched me, how connected I felt to him."
The picture drew John in as if by magic. It was unconventional. Large format. At least a metre and a half wide by one metre tall. A very large scale for a collage with crayon. It hung in Sherlock's room at the clinic. The initial impression it made was blue, misty, cool. But if you went closer and looked more carefully, there was a myriad of colours. Various blues, greens, whites, violets, reds, yellows, oranges. Wax crayons. Layer upon layer. Striking textures, broad strokes, as if someone had wielded the crayons boldly, with sweeping gestures up and down, back and forth in all directions, chaos superimposed on chaos. And yet there were small spaces densely filled with short, heavy lines as if someone had wanted to bury something there, cover it up, erase it. Beneath the layers of crayon, the collage shimmered through from underneath, sometimes close to the surface, sometimes buried deep beneath the colours. It was even possible to make out a few letters.
Damn it! John felt fury rising in him and flooding him with its heat.
Mycroft pushed a button. "Peter?"
"He'll be here in about two hours."
John reached for the heavy metal tag attached to the room key which he'd set down on the bench beside him, and placed it on the table. He didn't open his eyes. He heard the rustling of the coat. The sound of metal on wood. Sherlock took the key from the table and walked away. Not a word. John kept his eyes closed. Not until he was sure Sherlock had left the room did he open his eyes and sip some more of his wine. He was going to leave anyway. First thing in the morning.
"Mummy, the men love each other a lot," the girl said earnestly.
"I'm looking for friendship and love," Martin said. He smiled pensively, and an unexpected sadness was reflected in his black eyes. "But I'm not in a hurry."
Maybe because it had been raining for two days straight, the air humid and warm. London grey. Maybe it was because the tension in his hand was different, the tone of his thenar and hypothenar muscles not like usual, which altered the position of his thumb and pinky, in turn making him hold the bow differently. Or the muscles of his forearm were sending different signals to the tendons in his hand, were looser or tighter, the angle different. Sherlock couldn't say. He was restless. Everything was different.
"Maybe even the crew from the Yard."
"Sit down," John said lightly.
John put his hand over his mouth so he wouldn't shout out loud. He felt the strength leave his legs, his vision went black. He reached for the wall to hold himself up, then he sank down against it, gasping, sat down on the stairs, bereft of energy. His heart was racing, he struggled to breathe. Tears flooded his eyes. He couldn't control them. Sherlock.
family, the most common butterfly in Western Europe. A tumultuous mating game. So much life. So much free, unrestrained life, caught up as it were in a dream.
"We don't know," Lestrade admitted. "He met up from time to time with a Benedictine monk from the abbey of Mary Star of the Sea. But he doesn't know anything. We've questioned him. And Stean's candle isn't broken to bits. It probably got dropped on the floor, or just fell off something. Stean must have wrapped it in tissue paper after it broke in order to keep the pieces together. In contrast to Michael Johnston's candle, which was cut open with a sharp instrument." Lestrade laid the photographs on the table.
"She married her husband's twin brother a year after her husband's death," Lestrade said. "We checked it out. The IT expert, Paul Wilmer, had a twin brother named Peter. He lived in Australia and spent his summer holidays one year in Oxfordshire with his brother and the brother's wife. Paul died during the holiday and Peter stayed on in Europe, marrying his sister-in-law sometime later."
Sherlock feels it as he loses himself, his body, his soul, an aimless flight, loses himself in John, in the black lake, a spark suddenly springing forth from its surface, up into the night. It sweeps everything along with it. Sweeps up Sherlock and sweeps up John. Sweeps up the lake, shoots hotly into the sky, scraping over wounds and scars. Sherlock's hoarse cry. A sphere separates from the spark and explodes into thousands of crystals that fill the night sky, etching lines deep into body and soul before raining down, slowly, in soft, heavy silvery drops, redemptive, silent, falling into the lake, into the black depths which absorb them and swallow them up. Cooling water. The open G string. The sound echoing. The individual vibrations collapse in the treble line. The dominant lingers for a moment longer, barely audible, the tonic of the plainsong.
"No!" Sherlock cried frantically.
"It's everywhere," Sherlock said.
John sat down without responding. Sherlock remained standing as he poured himself some coffee.
"The late Mrs Waugh wanted to stand him at stud so she never had him fixed but couldn't leave him with her mares. He'll have to go under the knife now."
"That's not important. Please, have a seat."
Seconds dripped into the void. Sherlock didn't open his eyes. He reached blindly for the violin where it lay in the open case on the desk. Mycroft pulled the door shut behind him.
"No."
John was confused. He didn't know. It was just that quivering feebleness that had made him sit. There was grief. And desperation. And fear. John was having trouble breathing. Something was choking him. He felt as if he'd been left behind.
"How high was his blood alcohol?"
That was it. The consciousness. Sherlock looked up into Linda's blue eyes.
"Would it have interested you? You were solving cases like a man possessed. You didn't even have time for Rosie's christening, Sherlock."
"We?"
"And the baby?"
"Yeah. That's a great comfort. She's dead." John's voice was bitter.
I ask one of the ladies assisting with serving the mourners whether there is anyone present who knows about plants. She answers in the affirmative and fetches an old woman who leans heavily on a cane. She has a pronounced limp and is twisted and dessicated from the harshness of country life. She is dressed completely in black and wears the flat hat in the local style perched on top of her bun of white hair. I pull her to one side, out in the hallway, and ask her about the chaste-tree berries.
John stood beside Sherlock and placed his hand on Sherlock's back. A light touch, nothing more.
"No," he said finally. "Not that I know of."
Sherlock!
John surrendered himself to the final, wordless prayer; the priest left it open, to the room, to time, stillness, a point of entry. A silent memorial in the face of the power of nature, of fate. Mute meditation. John immersed himself deeply in the feeling of his love, sent it out, a focused beam, to the place where Sherlock might be, where it might reach him. Him or an angel who could relay the message.
"He said that?"
The woman nodded. "You can find your own way out?" she said, assertive now, a clear signal that it was time for them to leave.
"Precisely where you left him this morning. And if I might ask that you not reserve any more plane tickets in the near future. We'll bring you to the hospital in Meiringen with a medical transport flight. You'll be travelling as an emergency physician tending to a ten-year-old with a fractured leg. Oh, and before I forget - your luggage is here."
The man held out his hand. "Clark Miller," he said. "You save my wife's life. At Bart's. Do you remember? Five weeks ago. Meredith Miller. She had a stillbirth."
Sherlock had lain on top of him, nestled in close, rubbed against him. And John had opened his legs as if in a trance, thrust into the tight heat between their damp bodies, alongside Sherlock's rock-hard penis. Again and again. Sherlock had cried out. A muffled cry into the pillows as his semen discharged onto John's stomach.
"You don't need to tell me everything, Ethan," John said gently. "I don't want to hurt you."
They made the bed in front of the stove again for that last night, despite Celine's warning. They knew they were going to sleep together. Sherlock packed the backpack, just the bare necessities, burnt everything that might have given them away, the instructions from Celine, the notes. Clothes they couldn't or didn't want to take with them. They ate together and drank tea. Said what there was left to say. John tightened the leather bracelet around Sherlock's wrist.
We walk along the path leading away from the cottage toward the barley field. Our steps are slow and silent. I still feel a little weak in the knees and have hooked my arm around Watson's. I am so incredibly grateful that he has stayed. That he stayed by my side during the night. That he is not returning to London, but staying with me.
"Sherlock?"
The door was wide open. John went in. Smells from the kitchen. Someone singing softly. A woman's voice. John made sure his gun was close at hand inside his hiking jacket. Then he peered into the room. A woman stood at the sink, slender and wiry, short dark hair. Middle-aged. Maybe around forty. She was peeling potatoes and singing to herself. She looked up as John stepped into the doorway. A smile.
"I've been married for a year now, you see," Sergej said gently, "and my wife is also pregnant."
Sherlock's lips touched his. Quivering breath.
John spread out the photographs he'd printed of Dave's address book on the table. Lestrade reached for them, intrigued, studying the names.
John patted down the pockets of his coat, searching for another cigarette, which he then inserted between his lips with shaky fingers and struck a match. It was promptly extinguished by the light night breeze that blew through the park. I raised my hands and cupped them around his to create a space that was sheltered from the wind so he could strike a second match. He allowed me. His hands were warm and trembling. His gaze brushed mine. There was so much affection between us in that brief moment when our hands touched. John lit the cigarette and let his hands slowly fall away from mine. I sensed the effort it cost him. He hesitated. He also hesitated. What was between us was not over yet. And we were playing with fire.
Sherlock and Lestrade looked at each other.
John stared distraught at the one thing he'd never expected and certainly never, ever wanted to see in his lifetime. Like a chisel, reality hammered the knowledge into his consciousness, slowly and with destructive precision: Sherlock was married to Irene Adler and had a grown son.
The bookcase in the study was filled with texts on massage and physical therapy. Several books on sexuality. Literature on the Celts and solstice festivals. A book on rituals. John carefully removed it from the shelf and leafed through it. Harmless solstice rites for everyday use. A pile of newspapers.
John unpacked his suitcase and put away his clothes in the built-in closet. The bed in the sleeping niche was already made. Linda had already left a second set of linens in the cupboard. There were towels in the bathroom and the little kitchen was fully equipped. Linda had taken care of everything. She'd even bought fruit and mineral water.
"I need a shower and a change of clothes first, Sherlock."
"We'll see each other tomorrow, John," Sherlock said eventually. "How are we going to handle this?"
John started when his mobile rang. He grabbed for it frantically. Sherlock? No. Mycroft. That was something at least.
"Some monks and priests wear a ring that connects them symbolically with Christ or with the church," John said. "Ethan also wears one."
"Old stuff," Sherlock had answered without slowing down his typing.
"If you'd said something to me, I could have kept an eye on her, don't you see? I would have been more alert and might have been able to prevent it. But I was just sitting at home, clueless, when the two of them were abducted. And you were in Oxfordshire."
"That Holmes fellow is bluffing," Alistair Boon says. "He can't have found the weapon."
Their lips sought each other, touched. John took Sherlock's lower lip tenderly between his, felt Sherlock's lips gently holding his upper one. Just for a moment, then Sherlock ended the contact.
John tried to swallow down the anger rising in him. Sherlock was here. That was a positive thing. Even if he'd been left out of the loop again.
Sherlock looked away from the depths of those grey eyes in confusion and closed his own. His pulse was throbbing hard and fast. It was new, so new for them to talk to each other like this. Sherlock was scared, but he didn't sidestep, didn't want to sidestep it. Their present. Nothing was settled between them, nothing at all. Now the time had come which he'd feared for so long. John was right. They needed to face it. Both of them. They needed to communicate. He needed to tell John what he wanted, how things looked from his end, that he loved him and needed him, that he wanted to live with him. That Sophie was no obstacle for him, but rather a challenge that would be manageable with a little planning. He needed to make it clear enough that John would understand. They needed to find a way, a new way. It wasn't going to be possible without emotions. Sherlock forced himself to remain calm. He needed to endure this. There was no other way.
John stared at the papers in his hand. "What am I supposed to do with this?"
John sat down, adrenaline pumping in his blood. There was a bomb threat, and they were sitting here chatting?
"I was on call in A&E when Meredith Miller was brought in," he explained. "She'd given birth out in the corridor. Eve lived eleven minutes. The only thing left to do was try to save the mother."
"Not good?" he asked uncertainly.
"Who else has access to it?"
"Yes."
John shook his head. "No, Sherlock. I'm not prepared to lie to our friends and mess about with our relationship. It means too much to me for that."
"My list. The Suffolk Constabulary's. We've assembled a team under the direction of Linda Woodard. We're evaluating your information. It's working out quite well."
Sherlock fell silent. Breathing. He didn't look up. His fingers slid away from the glass onto the white cloth, seemed to explore the texture beneath the pads of his fingers for a moment, then lay still.
* The Nicene Creed, over and over. Part of the Mass he'd prayed and fought his way through with Sherlock in that darkened chapel. An arduous, backbreaking effort. Word by word, sentence by sentence, statement by statement. The text he'd discussed the most with Sherlock, the one Sherlock had been most critical of, the one he'd had the most doubts about himself. He didn't believe what the confession of faith said. Not the way it was set forth in the liturgy.** Not like that.
John let them know he was there when they arrived at the huge, wrought iron gate. It was decorated with foliage and roses, and allowed a view of the park, which was otherwise surrounded by a high wall. They'd gotten out of the taxi and sent it away already. A woman's voice answered over the intercom, the gate's locking mechanism buzzed and let them in.
"Yes."
"With him," Sherlock said. "My friend is a man."
John heard movement. Sherlock sighed, was probably being touched by Martin.
"Okay, I'll be at St Anna's in twenty minutes. I'll decide then."
John. It was a way to include John, to reduce the distance between them. It was a way to work with him again. And John was just the right man for the job. Sherlock missed working with him, the back-and-forth, the ease with which they understood each other. He missed John. Even here, while he was on a case. Sherlock was shocked by how much he missed him. Their progress on the case was difficult and slow. It was starting to get on his nerves. Rose, Lestrade, and himself: they weren't a team that was destined for success. He needed John.
John sat on the chair he'd indicated. Mycroft gave him a thorough once-over, not speaking, his eyebrows raised slightly. Creases formed on his forehead. He was unusually sombre. John felt uncomfortable beneath the probing gaze, but decided to wait until the other man spoke. Mycroft took his time. He inhaled sharply, absent-mindedly shuffled some papers around on his desk.
Sherlock didn't respond. He scanned the three individuals, the room. There must be some way of overpowering them, getting away, contacting John. Or Lestrade.
"You... you're in love?" John's voice wavered.
Pale, water-coloured eyes met John's. The man set the newspaper bundle with the potatoes down on the ground and pushed the scarf out of his face with his lumpy mittens.
"No."
"We should go on holiday together, Sherlock."
Sherlock wasn't sure what he hoped for more: that John would come, or that he wouldn't. His desire to see John competed with an unexpected urge to avoid him.
John decided to take the next train to Geneva and spend the night there, then continue on the next day. Departing Meiringen at 4:21 p.m. Then he'd be in Geneva at 7:47 p.m. If he left right away, he could make the train.
John had already prepared the ampoule with the antidote, had a towel in his hand to make a ligature. But he hesitated. If it wasn't the same poison, he could kill Martin with the antidote.
Sherlock tuned his violin, lost in thought. He closed the window and drew the blackout curtains. He didn't turn the light on, didn't need it. His heart was heavy. Heavy and full. He tried to explore that fullness. He sat on the back of the armchair, his eyes closed, let his arms hang down at his sides holding the violin and bow. The tip of the bow made contact with the floor, rested its weight on the carpet. Sherlock felt the slight counterpressure and deliberately relaxed the muscles of his bow hand. He was more tense than he'd thought.
"Are you saying..." John couldn't continue. His brain refused to think Sherlock's deduction through to its logical conclusion.
"His partner demanded that Michael die?" Lestrade asked incredulously.
Sherlock fought. He fought hard. He fought alone. For an eternity. Fought for breath. Fought to free himself. Fought for an end. For peace. For redemption.
Sherlock carefully cleaned his violin with the cloth. "It needs to be realistic," he said. "Otherwise we don't have a chance."
"Can you find out, John? He could be lying, playing a game."
The coffee did taste better than expected, and Sergej turned out to be quite open. He was in his mid-thirties, worked in Korolyov as an engineer on the Nauka module – the multipurpose laboratory module – for the ISS space station, and was in Yakutsk for a few days to say good-bye to his mother, he explained. Mostly, though, he was interested in his father and clearly hoped to get just as much information from John as vice versa.
They walked out, putting their arms around each other as soon as they were outside, before they'd even hailed a cab, kissing hungrily, filled with impatience in the darkness of the side street, and Sherlock swore to himself never, ever to go out with John before they'd had time for each other at home first.
Eurus's eyes were still searching his. She nodded slowly.
He still was, at that moment. My friend. Just barely. A few hours later, we were lovers and criminals. We retired to the house on Baker Street following the case. We were reflective. We both knew that the tenderness and the touches that already existed between us went beyond the pale of friendship. We both felt the desire that lay hidden behind it and that struggled to surface ever more emphatically.
So he'd pulled himself together and said, "I know, Martin. But I can't. I'm sorry."
Sherlock wrapped himself in the blanket that was draped over the couch and curled up in it. His phone. He groped for it. Six text messages from John, from throughout the day. John describing the excursion to the lake, sending pictures of himself and Harry and the countryside. Asking for a response, wondering why Sherlock wasn't answering. Sherlock wrote back that he was hard at work, and would report in tomorrow. And thanked him for the pictures.
"Enjoy it, my friend. Happiness is as fleeting as a shooting star."
"I'll let Lestrade know," he said.
"Did you find out where the clay with the diamond particles came from?"
Impatience flashed in John's eyes for a fraction of a second. Then they became pensive, scrutinising him. This was John's child. The child of the person Sherlock was closest to. The only person Sherlock was close to. Sherlock tried to smile. He wanted to be happy. But John saw right through him. Sherlock could see it in his eyes, the worry remaining, the lack of a smile.
John wiped his eyes, tried to collect himself. There was no way around the next step, no matter what came after. He picked up his bag and went to the door of the house. He had a key but didn't dare to use it. Sherlock was playing a pure, clear run of sixteenth notes, beneath them a sonorous counterpoint, low, constant, unfailing. John listened, hesitant. He didn't have the heart to interrupt the music. It touched something deep inside him, setting off a fresh wave of tears. He waited until the fugue wove itself into raw harmonies again before ringing the bell.
It was silent in the room. Dr Kenny let the silence simply exist. For several minutes. Then she turned to Sherlock again.
The light was warm and pleasant, the atmosphere quiet despite the large number of guests, the service attentive and understated. The place was full at this time of night. John had reserved a table. An excellent restaurant. Phil had recommended it to them. They'd already eaten and discussed the case and the club at length, enjoying the rest of the wine. It was their last night in Bury St Edmunds. The case was solved. Linda's team could handle the rest without their help. They'd decided to return to London the following day, declining Phil's invitation to the club.
"What you feel is love, Sherlock. Yours and John's. But mostly yours. Your own. Concentrate on it."
The cabin was small and rustic. Water came from the water trough in front of the house. A kitchen with a wood-burning stove, table and two benches, behind that the pantry and a tiny workshed that was only accessible from outside. At the back a steep set of stairs up to the upper level, a corridor on the side facing the mountain and two low rooms facing outward. Two single beds stood in the larger room, the smaller one was being used for storage. There was no electricity.
"Why didn't you tell me you had a partner who is also a priest?" Father Gerome asked. "My son, do you realise this is the highest honour which God can bestow upon you?"
John knew then that he was ready. For something he'd never so much as contemplated before, never imagined, never considered a possibility. Sherlock. He granted his friend's fingers free admittance, let them probe, invade. Sherlock was gentle. So gentle. So incredibly tender. The intimacy of the touch was overwhelming. The fact that Sherlock was doing it. The lust it incited in him, that he welcomed.
"No one will separate us, John," he said gently.
Sherlock lifted his head. Tender, wounded, icy blue eyes sought John's. Silence reigned between them for the space of several heartbeats. John searched the familiar eyes. The eyes of his partner. He saw the hurt, no question, but he wasn't willing to respond to it.
Sherlock paused, lowered both instrument and bow. His lack of words for the pain overwhelmed him. He stood there with his eyes closed, not moving. Every muscle in his body was limp, as if paralysed. Exhaustion shivered through him. A demon sucking all the energy from his body. Inside he raged, mauled and slashed at anything that came within reach. A horrific bloodbath for which there were no notes. The demon raged mutely, its reddened eyes flung open wide, blind with desperation.
"You could have said something."
"Well, have you two decided yet?" Lestrade asked from inside his office.
"Do you need the address?" John asked.
The bar was two streets away. John came here sometimes when he needed some space. He knew a couple of people here by sight and ran into them now and then. Regulars. Maggie, the bartender, was drawing an ale and mixing up a whisky sour.
"We're talking about my wife here, do you even get that? And my child! Why didn't you tell me? Sherlock! Why are you working against me?"
"No. He's in the midst of a crisis intervention. No visitors. Most especially not YOU, John."
"A likely story," Sherlock sneered.
"I'm afraid that IS the point," Mycroft said, his voice laced with concern. And a couple of heartbeats later: "When was the last time you saw Sherlock?"
"No. John and I are going home."
The train was on time. Sherlock's heart was pounding. His eyes were glued to the gate where the people spilled through. The tension hurt his shoulders, his neck, his head. Damn it! Sherlock forced himself to relax. He closed his eyes, leaned against the wall behind him, took a deep breath, pressed his shoulders down, felt the stiff muscles yielding as his body loosened up. Better.
"That's changed," Sherlock retorted. "I want to know everything."
"He doesn't know anything. It's Dr Watson we have to watch out for. You saw his text. He knows about Valerie and he can put two and two together. That's why we have to get out of here, and fast."
Their conversation had somehow turned the corner into an interrogation. John was aware of that, and his responses were accordingly cautious. He was careful to stick to the story he'd worked out with Sherlock.
"Nuns don't lie."
"I'm here."
"Good," said Celine. "Inform Mycroft in any case. You're going to go back to Meiringen and check out of the hotel. If anyone asks, say you're retreating to the Benedictine monastery in Engelberg for two weeks, in order to work through Sherlock's death. The monastery offers regular week-long retreats. Tell Mrs Hudson and Mycroft the same thing. You'll have a mobile connection once you're in Axalp, but don't call until you get to Meiringen. Remember, the antennas can reveal your location. Check out of the Baer, then take the train to Interlaken Ost, store your bags there and come back here. Take everything with you in your backpack that you'll need up here. And buy some groceries. We need coffee, tea and bread. A jar of jam would be good too. And flour. Bring whatever you have room for in your backpack. No shopping bags, that's too conspicuous. You don't need to get any butter, milk, cheese or eggs, I'll get those from the neighbour."
"Verena Wilmer's in the infirmary," Rose reported. "She apparently went to get something from her office and came to check on the emergency. But it looks like John has the situation under control."
"Who are you?" Sherlock asked.
"What about Sergej? You're taking his father away from him."
"Nothing. We are rational beings. You are correct, Holmes. We have the ability to recognise ourselves, to arrange what we know into an integrated whole, and to honour that. And so let us do precisely that."
. John didn't say it out loud. There was no response he could give. He reached out a hand to Sherlock and pulled him close. They hugged for a long time, not speaking. Longer than they ever had before. They just stood there in each other's arms, in the heat of each other's body, holding on. Until the taxi honked downstairs. John pulled back. Their hands brushed, held on for a moment. They looked at each other and nodded, both encouraging and anxious at the same time. Then John got his suitcase and duffel bag and left.
"Here's the sequence of events and the order of service. You should familiarise yourselves with them." Gerome handed John a piece of paper. "You'll enter wearing the alb and cincture with the golden stole. Nothing underneath. You can change in the sacristy. You know your way around the church by now."
"No! No. John!"
"No. No. I... it's fine. I was so afraid it might be someone else."
"Sophie's going to ask about Mary some day. I might too. Would you take her through the garden then? And maybe me as well?"
"He said you're meeting up with a very close friend next weekend."
"Who is it?"
"Yes."
Was that John? A man was running through the building toward Sherlock.
"John."
"Why did you lie to me?" John asked. "You said they were making sexual advances to you as a couple."
His breath left behind a banner of steam. He took the hat off his head, removed the scarf from his face. John opened his parka, pulled back the hood, unwound the scarf from his neck. They stood there face to face, observing each other. John looked into the blue eyes, which were now open. Open and filled with emotion.
"John. I wasn't trying to nose around in your past. Truly, I wasn't. The idea of involving Ethan in the case came from you, remember? But when you went undercover, he got scared and made contact with me. He asked me to protect you. He gave me the cross to pin on my jacket and instructed me in how to act like a priest. We got to talking."
"He's inordinately interested in me at any rate. That's why it would be best if he didn't see us like this."
"She asks the right questions," Sherlock said lightly. "You shouldn't restrict her. The more she asks, the more accessible the world will be for her. She's doing it right."
I open the bureau drawers, peer into the cupboards and examine the articles of clothing lying about. The nursery, first on the list, is surprisingly neat. Next comes the farmer's room, and finally that of the deceased. All of the chambers are simply yet tastefully furnished and tidy.
"You see? Do you see how strongly you react? There's a lot to set straight, believe me. I'm not a psychologist, but I am--"
"That's not ridiculous, John. I'm scared too. More than I've ever been. Or in a different way than I've ever been. Something like that. I don't know. But I'm scared too."
Later we sit at the table eating the Thai curry I went out to get. We don't talk. John's eyes are deep and pensive. Rosie is sleeping. In my room. We switched rooms. John sleeps downstairs now, Rosie's cot in with him. I've moved upstairs.
John nodded. Any words he might have said stuck in his throat.
John decided to find out what was at the bottom of it, and went with them.
"There are always clues," Sherlock retorted peevishly. "Every event leaves an imprint of its occurrence."
"Because I hid it so well no one could find it."
Sherlock stopped in the doorway. John looked exhausted. Sad and weary. He was breathing heavily. He was upset. Sherlock was too. Something was going wrong, something between them. Sherlock searched John's grey eyes. Grief and fear made his throat tighten. He lowered his eyes, closed them for several moments.
"Maybe he wasn't murdered," Sherlock said. He was pacing again as he thought. Then he stopped short in front of John. "Peter was young, thirty-eight. Why did he ask for the Chalice?" he asked softly.
It was barely more than a whisper. My voice failed. I reached out my hand, but he batted it away.
"Apparently not. What are you getting at?"
"Yes. Yes, everything's fine." Sherlock caught himself standing there, staring off into space. He peeled off the Latex gloves and dropped them into the bin intended for that purpose.
"Looks like I don't really have any choice," he said, looking at Mycroft. "At any rate, thank you, Mycroft. It looks like you've saved my life."
"Sergius and Bacchus," Sherlock said impassively. "The names are on there. Some saints or other to whom the chapel is dedicated. Why?"
The negotiations lasted four days. No real unified conclusion was reached, but in light of the time factor, everyone was prepared to compromise. There was one common denominator: everyone wanted to shoot down the satellite, keep their own hands clean, and make the entire thing go away. And so they at least arrived at a joint statement: Holloway needed to be cleaned out right away, as quietly as possible and without mention in the media. Further negotiations would follow.
"Martin?"
"The dungeon of subconscious fears," Eurus repeated thoughtfully. "Victor's down there. Did you know that? Victor is now John, and he's still down there."
Sherlock spoke with the last of his strength, his life spark rearing its head fiercely. His breath quivered, his body trembled.
An hour. They were supposed to sit here for an entire hour in preparation for the subsequent talk therapy session together. That was all. Nothing more.
John set out, feeling his way along the wall then into the room. He was unsteady on his legs and woozy, an aftereffect of his advanced dehydration. He crouched down when he heard breathing directly in front of him. His hand touched a body, and he sank to his knees, sank into Sherlock's arms, which wrapped themselves around him in desperation. A wet face on his neck. Sherlock was sobbing. John held his partner's haggard figure in his arms, shaken by what was happening. He ran a hand through Sherlock's hair; it was wet and sticky. Blood. There was blood on his back too, his arms, his clothes shredded.
"Be careful," he told John. "The steps are worn flat."
It wasn't until Sherlock reached the tonic by playing up a whole tone that he realised he was playing in a minor key, and that the poles of his melody were the subtonic and the dominant, dancing around each other in a completely different context than he'd initially assumed. And that they met in a common key note that lay between them.
But John held a trump card in his hand: the address book he'd found by the telephone. He'd taken pictures of it. Every single page. He was sure it would shed some light on the case. He wanted to talk to Lestrade and show him what he'd found. Maybe the names and addresses would provide some connection to the two murder victims.
It took a long time before Sherlock looked up again, met John's gaze and said, his voice quavering, "This 'more' that you mentioned. Show me."
"The man you came to know wasn't me," Sherlock said. "It was a role I was playing here."
John shook his head.
"Rosie." He reached for her with one arm. "Rosie, come here. Come to me." But Rosie wasn't listening. She sat on the rain-soaked floor, crying, completely immersed in her own misery.
"This is dangerous, Sherlock. For both of us."
"In the car."
Sherlock watched him, observed how he treated the instrument. How natural and confident he was with it. John's words echoed in him, and it was then that he realised more than ever before that John was an equal partner to him. In every way. He closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. Pride and love flowed through him.
Inside the house, Waugh and his sister are packing things for the children. Waugh's sister intends to take them with her for the time being. I announce that we need to look around again, and Waugh gives us the run of the place. Watson chats with him and his sister whilst I go out to the scene of the crime.
"All right. Sure. Why not." John was surprised that Sherlock and Gerome had apparently been out without him. Sherlock seemed to be circulating in this milieu with an unexpected degree of confidence. He also looked pretty bloody authentic in the dark suit with the silver cross, along with his pale, narrow face. He was probably making use of all the old clichés of the withdrawn, spiritual-minded priest. Tall, gaunt, mysterious, unapproachable. People nodded respectfully to him at any rate, and Sherlock nodded back, brief and somber, sometimes even raising his hand in an absent-minded gesture reminiscent of a blessing. He seemed to be enjoying the attention.
"John is the sea."
Sherlock.
"Yes. I will as soon as this here is finished."
"Take it."
"Did he know anything about the gems?"
John wasn't sure. He didn't like being touched by other men. Aside from Sherlock, perhaps. That would have been all right. But it had never come up with Sherlock. And Martin? John was curious about the archetypes. It made sense to be touched if they were going to be doing dynamic exercises. That was acceptable. Plus, he had a mission to complete. And he could break it off and walk away at any point if it became unpleasant. He decided to do it.
The priest wrapped a narrow white ribbon around the naked man, saying, "I bind Christ to you, and you to Him. The two of you are one in life, one in death and one in all eternity. Raise your head up and go to the Morning Star."
Miller was still crying, but he nodded bravely. "I will, Doctor. Thank you."
He put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder and squeezed it wordlessly when he set the tea down next to his laptop. Sherlock leaned back, put his hand on top of John's. He looked up, looked into John's eyes, saw that the grey was deep and open wide. He didn't say anything. Neither did John. Their hands rubbed together for a short moment. There were things that didn't need words.
John's heart contracted painfully. "No," he replied. "The priests' partners are kept secret. You know that."
I used to receive invitations for myself and Dr Watson. We were the odd couple, back then. Watson distributed his charm amongst the ladies, breaking many a heart. It was a game. We would enjoy a pleasant evening, eat well, and enjoy excellent conversation. Since he left, I attend these affairs alone and sulk. That is the state of things. I cannot deal with people without him. I feel myself at their mercy. I am insufferable. I won't try to sugarcoat it. It's the truth. I am unbearable without him.
"Not hungry anymore?" he asked.
"Hasn't reported in again. I assume something's happened in the infirmary to delay the plan. But I don't have any information."
"John's daughter has been abducted. Are you behind it?"
"Just a second..." The sounds of typing in the background. "Your train leaves Geneva at 8:15 tonight. You'll be in Meiringen at 11:41. I'll pick you up."
"I'm ready for it, John. I want it so much. Please."
She thinks about it, blows her nose. She has fallen into a story-telling attitude, which is often observed in guilty parties. Once it has been initiated, the information springs forth unimpeded, perhaps an unconscious function of the brain and the psyche. Easing the conscience as quickly as possible. The culprits become calmer and release themselves from their own burdens. It is a rare villain who is so fiendish and heartless that he intends evil right to the end. Only the most dastardly never show remorse. Miss Boon is not one of them.
"Oh, you know she's with the NDB?"
"Oh yes," he whispered, his voice low, "oh yes, I can. Dave's hands massage and caress me, but they don't touch me. One look from you touches every part of me without the slightest contact with your skin. And when our skin does touch, I'm lost. That frightens me."
"Good."
The nun – her name was Magdalena – was a tall, slim woman around John and Sherlock's age. She came across as calm and clear-headed. And she was beautiful. Not even the veil could disguise that fact. She looked up at Greg with alert blue eyes. He stood in front of her, legs in a wide stance and arms crossed.
"No," she replies flatly.
"No, of course not. There are particles of diamond dust in the clay I found at the first crime scene. The killer must have had it on his shoes. It matches the physical and chemical markers of the gems from the crown jewels."
Seal! Finally!
"It won't take long. I'll be with you soon," he said gently. "I'll see you later."
"HIM."
"It was a trade." Sherlock felt sleep threatening to overtake him, silencing his voice. He was seized by a sudden panic. Fear of a fall into the obscure darkness of his subconscious, where James Moriarty wore a bridal veil and Eurus, her throat slit, played her games with him on the precipice of a cold, wet waterfall.
"Michael Johnston was bound to a partner in Christ, but he fell in love with an officer he worked with in the army," said the nun from the Order of the Merciful Cross. She sat straight-backed and calm in her habit on the simple wooden chair in her flat in the rectory. "The two of them sometimes went to Sergius and Bacchus to pray together. They were closer than any two men I've ever seen, believe me. There was a kind of aura surrounding the two of them when they were together. But Michael was bound, and the sacred knot can't be undone. Michael struggled against that forbidden love like a lion."
John wrote:
Sherlock was impatient and restless. John could tell. Too many things that needed to be prepared and mastered. Too much uncertainty. And the case at the root of it all, stubbornly refusing to be solved. No diamonds far and wide, and no new insights. John didn't believe in any of it anymore. And he wasn't sure Sherlock did either.
"John! Please..."
Silence fell over the wooden table in front of the alpine cabin. The sun shone on the meadows higher up on the other side of the valley. The constant gurling of the water trough, the bells of the goat herd. Other than that it was silent.
"Just come back, John. Please..." And when John didn't respond to that: "John?"
"Mmm..."
"Someone's been here," he said, alarmed. "The blinds were down when I left."
Sherlock caught the young mother's eye. She swallowed. Knew as soon as she met Sherlock's gaze that the odd man was something special. Understood at the same time the other man who loved him. Understood the fascination. And understood that what he said about Amy was true.
"I lost it. I don't even know what I did anymore."
"The theory, yes," John said.
Martin's gaze transferred to John. Rested on his eyes for several long seconds. Maybe it was hurt, maybe a moment of sadness in his black eyes. Just briefly, before Martin turned back to Sherlock and said, "You wanted a systemic ritual from me. Still interested?"
John almost said no. But then he remembered there needed to be a reason for their split. He recalled Sherlock's suggestion that he make use of the meeting with Sholto, and said, "Not in my eyes. In his apparently, though."
"I know him," the second man cried in alarm. "That's Sherlock Holmes, the bloke who's together with Dr Watson. He's a cop!"
"I know. Take these things off. I have dry clothes laid out for you."
"I want to go to the cemetery with you," Sherlock said. And when nothing came from John but, just silence, he said, "I'd also like to get to know Rosie. And I'd like to return to Musgrave with you one more time."
He also saw John's body language and knew perfectly well how to interpret it. He could have deduced it down to the last detail, but that wasn't necessary. It was enough to observe his own reactions, to understand the language of his own body. And he did understand it. He didn't suffer from a lack of perceptiveness. No, what unsettled him was the effort it took to ignore it. John. He should contact him.
John stared at the Lover's text, the entrance he was standing closest to. Relinquishing control. Sherlock was seeking the Lover, the characteristics he lacked. Basic trust. Devotion. John could offer those things to him. So could Martin. Martin was a Master, probably in all of the archetypes, but especially in complete devotion. He made himself available for everything, no restrictions. Damn it! Would Sherlock fall for Martin's dark-eyed warmth, his openness, his generosity? His offer in the pitch-black centre of the ritual space. Like John? John was surprised that it wasn't jealousy he felt, but fear. Fear for Sherlock. Sherlock with his timidity toward anything physical wouldn't be able to handle it if that happened. Not even anything close to it.
Sherlock looked into the warm grey eyes, felt his own eyes sting, knew they were wide open and damp, his pupils much too wide, caught up in the heat, the intimacy. John. He couldn't imagine ever letting John go. He couldn't imagine going to sleep tonight without John. Going to sleep any night without John. There was no need for his feeble nod. Not even a tiny bit.
It was a bonding ritual from the White Chamber. Gerome had requested that they participate in order to become more familiar with the way the brotherhood worked. It was early, the sun wasn't up yet. They'd joined the circle of priests. The man – a lay brother – who wanted to be married to Christ had spent all night in the church, fasting, holding vigil, and praying, preparing in the presence of two priests and a few people close to him who had supported him on his journey. Now he knelt in the chancel, in the middle of the circle of priests. His friends and family knelt in the front rows of pews, in silent reverence. It was so quiet you could have heard a pin drop.
As John stared out the window, he realised it wasn't the sexual contact with Sherlock that had driven him away. It was the gravity and obligation that went along with it. This step towards intimacy meant something to him. Not just physically. It meant being allowed into someone else's soul. It meant devotion. Trust. He didn't trust Sherlock. He didn't know - never knew - where he stood with him, what game he was playing. That was sandy ground, and he couldn't build on it.
"How long?" John asked tonelessly.
"Drones only have ONE weakness," John said. "And that's radar."
. Sherlock tried to breathe calmly. A cool, damp spring evening. The air fresh and invigorating. The wind playing in the leaves of the trees. He lowered his hands from his head. John was here, was close to him. That was good.
John got into the shower, turned on the water. He bore the burden of the memories and the wishes alone. Martin was dead. All the undigested memories and tangled desires. Sherlock was out in the living room. His partner on so many levels, for so long already, close, familiar. A new adventure of physical passion between them, the goal of their desire down an unknown path, not sure where it would lead them. A shaky start. A tentative first step. John didn't know whether Sherlock really wanted that, whether it was important between them, whether it would bear fruit and enrich them. Or whether Sherlock would realise one day that this path wasn't for him, that it wasn't important. It was all open-ended. Torn open. John felt tormented and alone.
She examined John's face closely, searching. John swallowed. He didn't answer.
Sherlock threw his hands up in the air, huffed, and walked back and forth, to and fro.
The disk drive hummed as it read the data. All three of them leaned over John's shoulder as he opened the file. It was the documentation. The technical description of Copernicus-SL3, the architecture of the software, peripheral systems, configuration, coding.
"Yes."
"Are we following up on the spiders?" Lestrade asked.
"Dr John Watson. John's a medical doctor," Lestrade said. "He'll be doing the investigating for us."
"Where are you staying tonight?" John asked.
"I'll be there," Sherlock said.
They'd been sitting at the Suffolk Constabulary station for hours now. John looked at the information board with all of the connections and correlations Sherlock had laid out. The board was full of pictures and notes. A huge mind map. Reaching back, far back into the past. Back to Phil Salisbury's father. A good fifty-two years ago. Jonathan Salisbuy. Professor of Pharmacology at Cambridge and doctoral advisor to an extraordinary student, barely twenty-six years old at the time: Callum McHattrick. His dissertation on a rather spectacular topic: "The Library of Lucius Krambold: Science and Mythology in 18th-Century Pharmacology". It included a description of a strange recipe.
"I'm not going to take that responsibility off you, Sherlock. You'll either think of something we can both be reconciled with, or you won't. But that's YOUR job."
He smiled happily at Sherlock and took the instrument back.
"Nightmare?"
"Phil gave me the key," John said apologetically. "I wanted to know more about the archetypes."
"Yes. We..." Sherlock hesitated. "We also spoke of personal matters. Ethan made me promise to make you happy."
"Thank you for the truth, John," Sherlock whispered very softly, his voice choked. He was shocked at how close he'd come to losing John. How little he'd understood of what was happening between them. How painful it all was. His heart hurt, it hurt so much, he'd never thought it possible it could hurt this much. His throat and his eyes were burning. He let it happen, let the tears flow. They mixed with John's and seeped into the damp pillow.
Rose looked over at him. Her lips were a thin, hard line as she spoke, her voice cool and sharp: "You're the one who shot Magnussen, Sherlock. If you hadn't done that, Copernicus would never have come to light."
"Yes. I do."
John stared at Sherlock's hand with the key. He was unable to lift his own hand. He was paralysed. His legs began to shake. It took all his strength to remain standing. Sherlock was wearing a ring. A plain gold ring. On his fourth finger.
"Leave me be!" he screamed. The empty nave shook with the force of his desperate cry. The man reached for the silver chalice that stood ready for the Eucharist on the altar and grasped it with an iron grip, his face wild with pain.
"Take the train and be careful, John. We don't know yet what shadows Moriarty's death may cast."
"Good. I'm going to open your sacral and root chakras. That will open your body up for love and for sexuality. Just remain entirely calm and feel. Nothing will happen that isn't meant to happen. Are you ready?"
"Will you play it for me?" John asked. Sherlock nodded silently.
He nodded to her and smiled indulgently. Then he turned to Amy, who had followed the scene with big, curious eyes. He didn't say anything more to her. They just watched each other, silent and wondering: Sherlock and Amy.
Morning was dawning outside when the surgeon emerged from the OP. His weary face spoke volumes. No words were necessary. Sherlock held John firmly by the arm. John was frozen, his breaths shallow. He was ashen.
It drove off, leaving Sherlock behind, numb.
"Did you live with your mother in Moscow?"
The physical component of their relationship was still young. A few days in which they'd greedily caught up on everything they'd denied themselves for so long. John had gone back to work two days ago. His part-time job at Bart's usually involved him being on call. Irregular hours. Impossible to predict when he'd come home, and in what condition. John needed sleep too. Sherlock comforted himself with the hope that everything would work out, would somehow come together into a routine, familiar, convenient, stable, a firm foundation they could both build on. That his mind and heart would be free again in time, just like the attentive mind of the warrior finds peace, strength, and freedom in the thousand-fold practise of the kata.
"Sherlock. The news has reached me that Mary is dead. I am truly sorry to hear it. How is John doing?"
"He always had time when you needed him," Stean said, wiping the tears from his face with the back of his hand. "He was charismatic and full of love. He loved people. Everyone. He was an ambassador of love." Stean sobbed, covering his face with both hands.
Then Sergej said, out of the blue, "You're sleeping with my father, aren't you?"
When I look to the willows the second time, he is there. John Watson. He stands, legs akimbo, on the bank between the two trees, watching me. I move toward him through the water, climb out of the pond. He will see the state of my body, but I do not care. He should see it. He should know it and sense how greatly I desire him.
The chaste-tree berries occupy my thoughts. I find a bowl of them in the Waughs' kitchen, next to a mortar and pestle with traces of the same. I hold it under James Waugh's nose and ask if he knows what it is.
John swallowed. He looked into those light eyes, which had now become more certain, warmer. Sherlock's words were so unaccustomed that John had no idea what he might say in return. And so he didn't say anything, instead meeting his friend's gaze, allowing him to see that the words touched him and made him happy.
Sherlock waited. Eurus's music got faster and wilder, then stopped abruptly. She turned around. A searching look from her piercing blue eyes bored into Sherlock's. Sherlock wedged his violin under his chin, set the bow to the strings, and started the Brahms sonata. Eurus's probing gaze irritated him. At the same time, he was aware that she already knew. That she knew he wasn't just here to play music this time. Eurus didn't move a single millimetre, just stood there with the violin in her left hand and the bow in her right, observing Sherlock.
"Oh, right. Pure coincidence. How stupid do you think I am?"
Watson sits down again grumpily, and I let his wrist go.
"Not voluntarily," Sherlock said.
"Administration. In the main building."
"Yeah, I'm afraid." And after a moment in which a timid smile snuck onto both men's faces, John asked: "When's the next session with Nora?"
"Martin's the wrong one," John interrupted him flat out, impatient, not willing to go into it.
"She ate at the creche."
Lestrade pointed at an empty desk. Sherlock pulled up a map of London on the computer screen and called up the location of every tattoo studio. There were dozens.
"That's why I'm here," John said humbly.
"Okay."
Sherlock waited outside the prison gates. Mycroft had arranged for the Crown prosecution's petition for remand to be rejected. John had to stay in contact, but he could move about freely. He was being released. He'd only spent a couple of hours in custody.
Sherlock didn't answer.
John slept when he was tired and then continued, feeling his way over every centimetre of the floor and walls, feeling around the steel door for the umpteenth time, looking for some means of escape. And for moisture. He was thirsty. But everything was dry and warm and stank.
"Maybe later."
"I'm going to try to make a home for my children again," he says dully. "They can't stay with my sister forever. She's got three of her own after all."
"We'll find them," Sherlock said.
We eat in the kitchen. It is raining lightly outside. I feel a deep, quiet connection to Watson, whose grey, thoughtful eyes find mine again and again. My Doctor. I have not injected cocaine since I began having immoral relations with him. He quenches my addiction. He stills my unease. He satiates my body and my soul.
John was there, and he was staying. He'd re-opened his practise and taken on as many patients as he could. Sherlock watched with concern the way he buried himself more and more in his work. Just as Sherlock was kept busy with the case, John was kept busy with his patients. Sometimes their paths crossed at Baker Street. John had retrieved some of his things and set himself up again in the upstairs bedroom, although he still slept in Sherlock's bed from time to time.
Sherlock. The door that had suddenly opened. Fate, which had turned a new page in the book of life, paving the way to a whole new universe. It took his breath away. He was afraid of this new chapter that started with Sherlock and included him. He couldn't avoid it; he didn't want to. He was being roped into it, like a spider wraps up its prey in order to drain it later with a deadly bite. And yet. It was still his story. His own. And Sherlock's. A new, strong, deeply meaningful story. A story that was both weighty and weighted.
"Amy," said the girl.
The grand master of Japanese pyrotechnics. Famous for breathtaking compositions, perfection and harmony. In Hyde Park at the Serpentine. Midnight. Sherlock loved fireworks more than anything. And it was rare to be able to witness a performance this masterful. Truly rare. He looked over at John.
Their eyes met. What a thing to talk about! Sherlock felt a warmth inside, but also the stirrings of panic. They were talking about them. About their relationship.
"We're alone, John. We don't have to do it."
"I didn't ask him and I'm not going to. He never had any other purpose than to be with you. YOU left him. YOU need to be willing to give up your solution and find a new path together with him. It's your decision."
John pulled away from Sherlock so he could look at him.
Magdalena paused there. The memories seemed to shake her previous calm. She covered her face with her hands. It was silent in the interrogation room for several long moments. Finally, she dug a handkerchief out of her habit, wiped her eyes and blew her nose. Then she sat up straight again on her chair.
I cannot help it: I lean into him and insistently add my tongue, press my way in between his lips, into the heat and wetness. My own stiff finger, John's tongue. It drives me mad, what we are doing here. I take my hand out of his mouth and plunge in all the way with my tongue, holding his head steady as I dig my fingers into his hair. Our bodies seek each other, surging together. We both groan. Watson's hard loins press against mine. Our kiss is uncontrolled and unrestrained. I forsake all thought, give myself completely over to my body and its instincts. To Watson.
"It symbolises the presence of Christ in the flesh. In our eyes, it is no yoke, but rather a fountain, a source. You will bind yourselves with this golden ribbon, and in doing so ignite and release both His power and yours. The power of the Trinity."
Sherlock had put his arms around John's neck and hugged him, gentle and cautious.
Sherlock.
The beehives stood protected by the wall of the house. Sherlock had built a narrow shelter for them with room for eight boxes. He'd only put four colonies in to start. The four landing boards were the site of frenzied activity. A few individual bees rested on a fifth one. Sherlock had caught a swarming colony. It was still weak. But the late August weather was sunny and warm, and flowers were in bloom all over, even out on the fields and meadows. The colony had good chances of survival.
"For whom?"
Sherlock knew the porter wasn't supposed to leave his post, and wasn't about to. He smirked when the man said, "Sorry, I can't do that. I'm not allowed to leave my post."
John closed his eyes and swallowed hard. "No," he said. His voice was about to break.
"I know."
His phone rang. Sherlock went to the couch and picked it up. John. He refused the call. Two missed calls. One voice mail message, five new texts. Sherlock set the phone to mute and stuffed it under the couch cushions. Sweat dripped from his face. The stuffy midday heat squeezed into the dusky room through the walls and windows. Sherlock decided to take a shower, wondering even in his continued state of agitation how to capture the variation on paper.
"I need to disappear for a while, let the dust settle, John. Moran needs to feel secure. That's the only way to get to him."
Sherlock opened the door, ignoring the tearing of the red-and-white tape. Six desks. One had been emptied. The officers from the Yard had taken the computer and all the files with them. Sherlock rummaged through the drawers, desks, and filing cabinets. Blueprints, documentation, contracts. If there were any files on the manipulated earth observation satellite, they would be in digital form. He started up the computer on one of the desks. It looked almost pathologically tidy. A photograph of a woman and two children in front of a single-family home. The lower middle class dream. People like that were predictable. Sherlock turned the photograph around.
Sherlock ignored his phone's incoming message alert, pinned down the sequence of notes around the sixth. Strong. Demanding.
Sherlock nodded.
John turned onto his side again, snuggled his back against Sherlock. "Good," he mumbled, his voice barely audible as he drifted off again.
"Everything. As I said," Sherlock repeated condescendingly. Turning to Lestrade, he added: "John and I are going to have a look round the rectory."
"What does 'without a trace' mean?"
Sherlock's violin vibrated low and soft, close, very close to that tranquility. The flageolet climbed tentatively up from the depths, petering out at a dizzying height.
"I couldn't reach you," he growled at Sherlock without greeting, his voice like a repressed rumble from the gates of hell.
John searched the water-blue eyes, the pleading reflected in them. Sherlock's hand felt for his and held it fast. A firm, warm, familiar hand. John sat down on the edge of the bed again, tried to relax. Sherlock was right. It was better to take care of this now and not take it with them to their cottage. But there was still bitterness inside him. He couldn't just wipe away the whole affair.
"Come," John said softly, and at the same moment felt the surge that shook Sherlock to his core. Heat flooded into him. Sherlock flung his arms around him and bit into his shoulder, bit into him, moaning and gulping. It hurt. John dug his fingers into Sherlock's hair.
"John..."
"We still have time before Constable Hartley picks us up. Why don't we take a stroll, Holmes, before driving over to Waugh's place."
"Yes." John didn't hesitate a single moment with his answer.
"When I fall," John said quietly, staring out into the distance, "I always fall to you. Over and over again. I know that now. I never would have thought I'd be able to say that to another person. But it's the truth."
Sherlock nodded numbly. He leaned against the window frame, held onto it tightly. He was ready. He felt it in his body. There was no mistaking it. It was clear to him, and it was clear to John. There was a consensus. He was ready to sleep with John. And John with him.
"What, now?"
I need another bucketful of water to rid myself of the soap. I am still quite foggy. Lightning flashes to the north-west. Thunder growls. Dark clouds move in front of the sun. An ominous dusk spreads across the land. The first gust of wind caresses my body. Watson helps me, pouring water over me as I wash the last traces of lather from my skin.
Sherlock stared at John. No. That wasn't possible anymore. Too much had happened between them in the meantime. The friendship they'd had back then didn't exist anymore. It had become a romantic relationship. A long time ago. This conversation was the best proof of that. No two friends would talk to each other like this. Tender and honest, their gazes locked on each other. This warmth between them.
"How did you open the safe?" Sherlock wondered.
John was panting. Oh yes, he felt it. He was filled with heat and desire. His entire body burned and quivered. His genitals were throbbing painfully, swelling in his trousers. The unexpected lust, out of the blue like that, almost robbed him of his senses. His body writhed, tormented, and begged for relief. Sherlock. Why couldn't he reach him, touch him, hug him, kiss him, make love to him? Sherlock. His heart pleaded and sighed and cried for Sherlock. John moaned and gasped. His body threatened to burn up, his heart was screaming.
"The ways of the Lord are mysterious and inscrutable," the nun said mildly, her gaze still locked on John's. "It is not for us to judge. It is HIS will that will be done."
"I know. We're working together with Mycroft Holmes, at least on this particular issue. Talk to your brother, Mr Holmes. Then make your decision."
John decided to lie, since breaking and entering was still a crime. And so he gave the evasive answer: "Let's just say I had an opportunity and used it."
"Yes, Mrs Ferdinand. She comes every morning around ten and leaves by six in the evening to go home. She doesn't live at the rectory."
Mrs Hudson brought an apple pie. As a welcome back present.
Sherlock acquiesced. He also accepted the fact that when he took John's hand in his, John just squeezed it briefly before letting go again. They sat with their shoulders leaning against each other. Sherlock was grateful for the pressure and warmth from John's body. He closed his eyes and felt John's agitation, his gloom. Everything had worked out, but the confrontation with Verena Wilmer, the presumed mastermind and person responsible for Mary's death, had gotten to John more than expected. John had been forced to be friendly to her, to smile, to play the doctor, explain the warden's supposed fainting spell, give the all-clear and calm the waters. It had taken all that John had, but he'd done it.
Who was Sherlock Holmes? Sherlock sighed as he settled the violin under his chin, raised his bow hand, and touched the bow to the strings. There was nothing else he could have done. He was shaken and confused by his own thoughts and emotions. Why was there such a fine line between playing games and meaning something in earnest? They were so close! An inseparable set of twins. A glass bead game. Why all of this now? What layers was John tearing open, was his love tearing open? Was any of this going to be manageable from day to day?
Sherlock stood stock-still. His gaze was unsteady, fixed on a point in the distance. John tugged at his arm.
"She's my sister. And she needs me." Sherlock's reaction was brusque.
"Here." John reached into one of the folders and took out a photograph. A long, thin thread coming out of the hair at the back of the person's neck, descending between the shoulder blades, where a tiny spider hung with its head pointing downward. It was lowering itself on the thread. Was that the message?
"They're not important from day to day, but I can't deny them when I'm confronted with them," John corrected him, trying to clarify his thoughts. "You can't either, Sherlock."
Sherlock searched his memory for an atlas. The Atlantic. Coastlines. The freighter would either head southwest for the open sea and then follow the South American coast down. Or it would take the route south along the European coast. That was more likely in this case.
"Of course. We'll see you tomorrow at Rosenfeld. Officially. Come along, John."
He was helpless in the face of the facts. Who had saved them? Who was interested in his and Sherlock's survival? Mycroft? But who had attacked Irina? Had she had the information on her, and if so: who had it now? Sherlock would have seen the solution. But Sherlock was under sedation in the ICU. Were they even safe in this hospital? Was Sergej safe? What about Sherlock?
We walk at a brisk pace, mute and firmly fixed on our goal, accompanied only by the chirping of the cicadas. The weak light from the waxing half-moon which hangs in the night sky enables us to maintain our bearings. I hear John's heavy breathing beside me in the quiet of the night. I smell him. The scent of his clothing mixed with soap and the emanations of his skin. It fairly drives me mad. This outing whose object is so obvious and sinful, whose goal causes me to tremble with desire and hunger.
A smile in John's wide, grey eyes. Sherlock smiled back. Warmth and tenderness in the icy blue. His fingers played absently with John's.
"Is this spider one of yours?"
Sherlock wrapped both arms around John in the middle of his sentence, hugging him. He stopped talking, just held his friend in a close, heartfelt embrace.
John looked at the two men, who were now watching him keenly, the tension in their bodies having increased noticeably.
His phone. Sherlock reached for it. Lestrade. It was almost midnight. He'd turned down the case and didn't want another one. He'd made that more than clear. No more cases for the time being. He needed a rest. Sherlock declined the call. The phone buzzed again a few seconds later. Lestrade wasn't about to give up that easily. Neither was Sherlock. He declined the call again and turned the device to silent mode, set it face-down on the side table. Damn it all! Was it so difficult to understand that he needed some peace and quiet? That he had other priorities at the moment? Sherlock felt himself start to shake inside again. His hand holding the glass was shaking too. That was the end of his peace and quiet. One call, one interruption of his thoughts from an outside source, and his nerves started to misfire.
"And then?" Sherlock prompted provocatively.
"I can," he said softly. "You're my partner. Tell me how."
He stayed where he was, eyes closed, giving in, letting it happen, letting everything happen, trusting in Sherlock's hands. Sherlock's breath wafting over him time and again, heavy, deep. Sherlock's weight, rocking back and forth as he used it to regulate the pressure of his hands. A nocturnal agogic. His body dissolving in the sensual rhythm. His spirit bewitched. Scent. Breath. Heat. Sherlock taking John's penis in his hands, loving, caring, caressing and massaging it until an orgasm chased through John's entire body, utterly overwhelming him.
