In his peripheral vision, he sees Sherlock nodding.
Did he ever?
‘Yes, you should.’ He clears his throat, shuffling awkwardly.
But Sherlock knew, of course he knew, and now he’s acting all haughty because he can’t possibly envision a version of reality where things don’t end up after his wish. Or… because he trusts you. This thought, as much as the way that he smiles, makes you feel even more confident, as if the world is your playground as long as Sherlock Holmes has confidence that you’ll always keep it clean, saving the day. You’ll happily play into the hero trope as long as it guarantees you his appreciation. It’s ridiculous, you know that, and sometimes you feel like you’re in high-school all over again, all mindless longing and bashful pride, but you can’t help it. He’s too much. He deserves it.
John shakes his head, covering his mouth with his hand to hide a smile. He feels giddy, entirely unreasonable with the warm glow of affection clawing its way, further and further, into the cage of his chest. To hell with everything. Sherlock had confessed. If this is a crime scene, Sherlock's words have just wrapped it up, bringing years of investigations, false tracks and dead ends to their overdue death.
‘I don’t care, ’ Sherlock spits out.
‘Don’t be ridiculous, John. Why would I?’
but not these kind of lines. Not the ones that say “don’t beat your best friend up” or “don’t cry
‘What, this?’ John gestures towards them, and Sherlock frowns.
, but that only comes second to the panic swelling in his chest.
You wake up sometimes, in the middle of the night, his face in front of your eyes like he’s hovering above you, right there, waiting. Questioning.
He clears his throat, shifts a little from one leg to the other.
“I think
He doesn’t want to, not anymore.
Eurus was playing their song, years of loneliness and longing stitched together into something both right and beautiful.
You leave, too petrified to say goodbye.
. The person who has dedicated his entire life to Sherlock’s protection knows that John has beaten him bloody in one of the moments when Sherlock had needed him the most- and he’s right to doubt him. Mycroft’s words echo the cold weight in John’s stomach, the nausea, the twitch in his hand as his muscle memory betrays the imprint of past violence.
John huffs shortly. His approach: not working. It's becoming increasingly difficult, suppressing the urge to reach out (for real, beyond advice and empty words), to say something, anything, to bridge the gap between him and this impossibly different, impossibly similar human being. His mirror. He wants to (get the hell on with it). He opens his mouth, stares at Sherlock, then closes it again.
. Sherlock opens his mouth to speak, obviously having noticed the shift, but John steals his words by tangling his hands through Sherlock’s curls and pressing their open mouths together into a deep, unrelenting kiss.
. This effortless complicity seems to lift a weight from both of their chests, reminding John that this is the two of them, his steady island of dangerous comfort in the madness of everyday life and absolutely nothing to be afraid of.
I draw these lines out of what I need from you
He springs from the sofa in one elegant move, crouching down to rummage in one of the cardboard boxes he’d had brought over. John had spent an entire evening with him in an antique bookstore on a quest to remake the old library, surprised by some of the titles he’d never taken the time to examine while he was still living in 221B.
Sherlock is no longer in his chair. Instead, he’s bridged the gap between them, crouching in front of John.
It might be the most hopeful statement he’d allowed himself in a while. Sherlock seems to understand- he’s looking at John kindly, but also questioningly, as if he’s trying to see if John was only talking about Eurus or if there’s something more beyond his words. John has the urge to look away, to avoid letting that string of hope unfurl to a bitter end.
Now, he’s startingly aware of every meeting point between their bodies. The hand on his neck is an electric, stinging heat. Sherlock’s cheek is a warm comfort against his ear, his hair. Their chests, almost meeting, parallel heartbeats. There are no more shields to hide them from each other. He could breathe on Sherlock’s collarbone, if he wanted to, he could tear the fabric of his shirt and taste the skin beneath. John closes the distance between them until their bodies are no longer isolated from each other and revels in the continuous, merged line of them.
John huffs, a mixture of bitter amusement and disbelief.
“You won’t like this.”
in front of him”. John takes a deep breath, remembers what his father used to tell him.
‘Sherlock,’ the stranger says, extending a hand.
“You’re afraid of hurting me.”
He isn’t currently doing any of these things. He’s about to go home, bury his nose in Rosie’s soft curls and, most of all, sleep away the chill in his body to the last drop. As it is after any near-death experience- and (thank) God, he’s had enough of those-, being alive isn’t half that bad.
has shrunk his bigger-than-life personality and turned it into something else. Something that he needs to control, to repent for, to slowly suffocate in a treacherous hospital room.
“Come home with me,” John offers without a second thought a few days later. He’s soaked to the bone, the shock blanket a feeble attempt to shelter him from the crisp night air. The panic in his chest- his throat, his lungs as he was gasping for air- has subsided, leaving him weary, bitter and relieved as his adrenaline levels are slowly coming back to normal.
at the same time, so he looks away, heart hammering away in his chest with the contradiction. It feels right and raw, too much gathered between them to hold in one touch of the hand.
,” Sherlock says, and the reply throws John off-kilter, making him giggle as the weight in his stomach eases up. It seems that laughing in bed with Sherlock feels a little like giggling at a crime scene: silly, natural and entirely endearing.
His resolute gaze and the solemnity in his voice take John by surprise. It sounds as simple and as real (
, and he allows himself to truly, madly feel at home.
‘But that isn’t all. She didn’t want her to find out, so she arranged a fictive business trip, from which he’d only return in a few years. Only that he was never going to. He’d send a letter, explaining that he found someone else, but by that time his wife already got over him. The perfect plan, if it weren’t for the fingerprints. Typical mistake for an unexperienced criminal,’ he explains, not without his usual smugness.
“Sniffing the top of your head,” Sherlock replies dismissively, as if he was stating something entirely obvious. “Isn’t that what everyone does to show affection?”
‘What’s that supposed to mean?’
“What? Where am I wrong?” Sherlock asks, looking scandalized, not seeing how he is finally, gloriously right.
Sherlock looks at him, waiting, listening.
‘Hence the distractions.’
John is almost thankful for it.
“You need to recover, Sherlock,” he says, only half-aware that he’s deflecting. “Maybe it would be a good time to learn some self-care for a change.”
“Tell me,” Sherlock says, low baritone echoing on John’s lips. “I want to hear it.” He’s using his come-hither voice, as if he could sound sexier than he usually does without even trying- and, to no one’s surprise, it’s working.
He calls Lestrade and in an hour you’re back on Baker Street. He doesn’t question your destination, doesn’t even consider that you might want to go back to your apartment.
“Are you… storing me in your Mind Palace?” John hadn’t realized how much he was craving simple touch as well, for all his ideas about Sherlock being the cold, aloof one. Affection, a steady point of contact between him and the outside world, a reminder that maybe, just maybe, he-this- is enough.
Usually, Sherlock loses his patience in the first day.
It’s quiet and earth-shattering and absolutely gorgeous. His hands are shaking where he’s still digging his nails painfully in John’s back, his entire body a taut string pinned safely between the armchair and John’s body. Sounds: a strained sigh, a whimper and John’s own breathing coming out in rapid huffs, his voice repeating Sherlock’s name in a trance with the little air he has left while he holds him through it, shuffling closer to stroke his own length hard and rough. The contrast between the earlier deprivation and the pressure of his unrelenting hand makes him dizzy, hurrying his orgasm. Other sensations: wet warmth as Sherlock is spilling himself on both of their stomachs, tension building with alarming speed at the base of John’s spine, making it enough to pull twice, three more times before it hits him violently, playing his body with rapid, halting shivers. He comes with a groan all over Sherlock’s stomach.
“I prefer to rely on my doctor for such matters,” Sherlock comments, and he sounds almost coy… until he speaks again. “While I take care of the rest. You know, the blood-pumping adrenaline, the thrill of the chase, the actual detective work.”
“Come up. For tea.”
When they meet again, the house is physically unchanged, but it feels strange. It feels like a home.
“Oh. Dull,” Sherlock replies, but his eyes are in an entirely different conversation with John's. “Not good?”
‘Oh, don’t be silly,’ she replies. ‘Of course I did. But that hardly matters now, doesn’t it?’
It’s because people lack curiosity. People are only interested in their own dull lives.
Sherlock looks up at him with an expression that does unspeakable things to John’s heart. There’s tenderness and there’s fear, affection, lust and sadness, bringing John back to the days when they’d first met and Sherlock had been so young, so restless and reckless. Impossible to break. And now he’s here, having been broken time and time again, his eyes glassy and pleading, his lips swollen under John’s thumb as he leans in and…
“The game was definitely on,” John laughs, “though you do know we could’ve taken a cab back home.”
Your hands brush as you lead him to the door and it burns enough to make you want to never see him again, chase him away as soon as possible so you can be alone with yourself again, because sorrow is a vile mistress and she wants you all for herself. He stops twice; you can almost see how he wants to turn around and come back, but he doesn’t. He keeps walking instead, creating more distance between the two of you with every second. You briefly think of how you might never see him, taste him again. The lump in your throat turns to lead.
‘I wanted it too,’ you reply, your voice as soft as his.
He settles his hands on Sherlock’s hips to feel every twitch, every tremble of his lover’s body as he alternates soothing touches with rougher ones, tongue pressing insistently with the barest hint of teeth. Sherlock moans and ruts against silky satin at the ghost of pain, a reaction that goes straight to John’s groin, building up the exquisite pleasure-pressure there.
It’s warm and unexpected, the way he wraps his arms around you. You feel shielded, secure; you give in to the feeling, hugging him back. You remember your childhood days, trying to hug Mycroft only to get rejected every time, or at best hugged back with a cold, automatic gesture. Your parents were never too fond of physical displays of affection; they, too, lived more in their minds than in their bodies. After years of draught, you feel like something just gave in,
“You want me to say it out loud? What seeing you like this does to me, what I want to do to you?”
‘So that’s why you’ve got the time for shopping,’ you say as you both head for the pay desk.
Secondly, because there is no pain or ceasing of consciousness, or even diminishing of it. You look down at your heart, where blood fails to have stained your shirt. Suspension of disbelief; maybe there really is a Heaven.
“Good,” Mycroft replies, seeming satisfied with his answer. “Have a good day, Doctor Watson. And… see you soon.”
for you. The noises you make are absolutely obscene, you don’t even dare touch yourself because you know you’re gonna come on the spot.
Sherlock sneaks up behind John’s back in the hallway, holding a sleepy Rosie in his arms. He doesn’t seem surprised at all. A flurry of Holmeses apparently cooperating for the first time in their life- with no one getting abducted, threatened, insulted or shot at- must mean that it’s a special occasion.
John keeps thinking of how Sherlock’s strong body goes soft in his arms at night, how he wants and keeps wanting more every time their bodies shift closer on their separate orbits. After years of blindfolded, suppressed desire, one afternoon had been enough to break his defenses down and open the floodgates. An accidental touch of the hand, a turn of the head to reveal the pale column of Sherlock’s neck, their bodies occupying the same space, shared warmth and movement- they all make John’s day a fantasy from beginning to end, part of it gloriously fulfilled (Sherlock close to him, Sherlock’s heart in his hands without hiding), part of it a constant thrum of unfulfilled desire coursing through his veins (their hips, snapping together; Sherlock’s mouth on his cock, Sherlock moaning under him as he opens him up). It’s ridiculous, John thinks, to want someone so much. Entirely unreasonable for his age.
“Upstairs. Now,” he growls, realizing (a little belatedly) that Mrs. Hudson could have seen all of that, and realizing (also somewhat belatedly) that he didn’t care at all.
You both speak at the same time, your voices merging into a hollow echo. You look at him expectantly; it’s almost comfortable, slipping back into the role, giving him the occasion to shine.
Sherlock must read it all on his face, in his tone, because his expression changes from uncertainty to realization to hunger and in the next second he’s smashing his lips against John’s once again, sliding the shirt off his shoulders and touching and
Sherlock shakes him off instantly, jumping as if he’d been burnt.
Sherlock doesn’t like people, and he is interested in everything.
“… boring, yeah,” John laughs. “But not really,” he adds, cupping Sherlock’s cheek in his hand, his thumb massaging gently. Sherlock leans into the touch, like a cat being petted, and lowers his eyelids with a contented sigh.
“I want to hear everything,” John says, surprised at how hoarse his voice sounds. “You, before. College. The Work. Those two years, those we never talk about. I’ve been wondering for ages, you know. Your brilliant mind is always on display, but this.” He splays his fingers on Sherlock’s chest, where his heart is. “Will you let me?”
They take turns looking out for Rosie as the other one is showering. When John returns from the bathroom, Rosie is fast asleep in her crib and Sherlock has dozed off on the couch, still sitting up. His mouth is slightly ajar and he’s leaning to one side as if he’s about to tip over.
“Um…”
You wish you had something to say, something more than words, but nothing comes up. You could make polite conversation. You could get to the heart of the problem.
, this new, fragile, wonderful reality between him and the man who had saved him. John swallows and straightens his back, squaring his shoulders in a soldier’s defense. Mycroft and his parents are moving towards the line of chairs arranged against the wall, but Sherlock doesn’t take his eyes off Eurus, and soon, the taut, invisible line connecting their gazes seems to be sucking the air out of the entire room.
“Ok. What I want to say is that… I’m here, too. For you. If you’ll have me. Your sister killed your best friend. You repressed the memory and spent the rest of your life thinking you didn’t have a heart. It would be crazy if this were easy for you. And me? I’ve made my mistakes, and God knows I’ve been a terrible friend and a bloody awful doctor while at it. I’m bollocks at this, Sherlock. But I want to.”
When the message arrives, it’s been almost a year.
John finds himself hoping that this small act, this confession makes it less probable for Rosie to find out about his past in all the wrong ways in which he could replay it.
“Shut up,” John laughs. “One that matters right now. I’m sorry I didn’t get to actually touch you the first time I made you come.”
,’ you roll your eyes, ‘now John, you should really go home-‘
in John’s ear.
‘I meant myself.’ You look into his eyes, as dark as the room around you, but piercing, unforgiving in their confusion. For a moment, the world stops, but then he breaks the contact, looking away and clearing his throat.
“In my bed, I mean. In my bedroom. To sleep.” John mouths a curse, hoping that the dim light is working in his favour and Sherlock can’t read his expression. He’s afraid of what the detective might find there.
He takes his hand off Sherlock’s cock, plants both palms possessively on the armchair at the sides of his head.
He doesn’t remember falling asleep, only waking up with aching muscles, his lower body on the floor and his head resting on his hands somewhere near Sherlock’s stomach. Still dazed with dreaming, he drags his feet to the bedroom and falls back asleep within minutes.
The moment shifts again as John runs his hands on Sherlock’s chest and dips lower to trace the underside of his cock with his thumb. It brings back memories of how he was about to suck Sherlock off only a few minutes before, flooding his mind with images he’s tried hard to suppress- his nose buried in the hair of Sherlock’s groin, Sherlock’s cock down his throat; the taste, the noises he would make, the way his body would arch right off the chair, making John choke and gasp and come.
‘Oh. Were you now?’ you ask, half skeptical and half amazed, because overtly pointing out the good parts of someone is hardly characteristic of Sherlock, especially if said someone is a murderer.
‘Hm. I’ve always craved a purpose.’
The universe creating itself with every breath, then the story
The motives are nothing special- murderous jealousy, drug abuse- but the ensuing chase is enough to get their blood boiling and put them in mild danger when it turns out the man had an accomplice on guard, ready to jump in if anything went wrong. When they’re finally back at 221B, panting and laughing with adrenaline and relief, John is ecstatic with how much he had missed this. The uncertainty, the ever-changing rules of the game, the thrill of danger survived. His body and mind doing what they know best, fine-tuned by crisis. Judging by how electric Sherlock had been, wildfire deductions as his body was visibly thrumming with the thrill of it, he’d been in need of a fix as well.
‘You’re thinking that I’m insulting you by comparing you to a murderer. I should’ve known you wouldn’t catch on. You’re thinking of your memories here, with me. I know I’m not the only one associating stimuli with past happenings, John, even though you do seem to see them from a more emotional perspective.’ He’s looking straight at you and you realize that he’s been following your gaze as it lingered on the bookshelf, on his violin case, on the sofa…
‘Did you ever love me?’ you ask, your heart pounding in your chest with icy determination. ‘Ever.’
“Do you wanna come with me?”
John narrows his eyes, idly tracing the cold metal arm of his chair. They did this now, he supposed. The talking, the honesty. No more beating around the bush. John knows this from his days in the army: when there’s shared trauma, it’s difficult to keep up with old feuds and petty dramas. Words become clearer, cleaner- sharper or softer, depending on the case.
‘Give it back!’ John demands and is gracefully ignored.
‘Don’t be ridiculous,’ you huff. ‘I’m sure Mary would be quite displeased to find out that she doesn’t actually exist.’
“So. This has been… good.”
one’s going to die. Land mines don’t work the way this idiot think they work. You know what to do.’
“If you want to,” he says, not even sure about how he would finish his sentence if he felt lucid enough to see it to its end. His heart is beating wildly and he feels light-headed, entranced somewhere between
John thinks, a shiver running down his spine despite himself. “I place my trust in a very limited number of people, and I hope I was not wrong to have confidence in you.”
“Yes,” he replies. “If you want me to, I’ll be there. With you.”
She looks at you now, her eyes still clear.
It must be something about his new therapist. Ella used to unnerve him with her inquisitive gaze, her serious attitude, her grave questions. He would’ve never opened up to her like this. But
Sherlock’s years away, now palpable in the scars that John had only glimpsed around the flat before, on an accidentally bare shoulder beneath a towel or a carelessly draped sheet- he’d never mapped out the extent of them, never knew exactly how much Sherlock had been hurt.
“Bye, mate.”
Silent Wednesday evening; no case interesting enough to catch your attention. You stroll through your mind palace, stumbling upon childhood memories, things you’ve yet to forgive. For all your memories on John, John,
“Jesus, Sherlock… “ he breathes out. His chest feels tight, full of something both desperate and blooming. He didn't sign up for this. It's all-encompassing, crushing the last remnants of his resistance and turning him into a raw body with a raw heart, ready to love. He did not sign up for this. Did he sign up for this? When he chose to start this conversation, when he moved in with a brilliant madman on a whim, years before?
‘Hi,’ she says weakly. ‘Well,I guess that’s that…’ She sighs, placing her book face-down on the dirty floor. ‘It’s a horrible book,’ she smiles, having noticed your gaze. ‘Did she ask about me?’
Sherlock comes.
“How you’re mine and how I’m in charge of your pleasure and only your pleasure for as long as I’m still breathing,” John growls, sinking his teeth hard into the skin of Sherlock’s exposed neck.
They count together for a couple of minutes, their breaths in sync until Sherlock’s hands stop shaking and his eyes become clearer in the faint light coming from the streetlamps below. John is taken aback, once again, by how pale and vulnerable he looks, especially here and now, caught between his own big brain and, as it turns out, his equally telling body.
“Mattering to other people.”
You wait two weeks until you give any sign of life. It should be enough time, you think. You suppose. You have no idea, really, about how these things work, except that after the wedding you kind of do. It took him two years to get over your death, but you don’t have that kind of time now.
, loneliness distilled and turned into your drug of choice, just like before. it’s paradoxical how he is the only one who doesn’t make you feel like an alien, since your eccentricity stands out the most when compared to his human heart. but somehow, against all odds, he manages to bring you to his level of warmth, he makes you feel almost human. you don’t know how to live without it. you don’t.)
“Not always,” John replies with a frown, pulling his hand back from Sherlock’s skin as soon as he feels the familiar bitterness rising in his throat.
The street is spinning around your head, or perhaps it’s the other way around; these are the days after a fight, when you’ve seen dozens of soldiers in pain and blood and torn up skin and flesh and nothing else really matters anymore, not the cars and the noise, not your feet stumbling on the concrete, not the way you take two wrong turns or completely forget that you should have taken a taxi in the first place. It’s all décor to the story unfolding in your veins. Him, on your skin and underneath it. Years collapsed into one moment so fleeting that it seems like a dream. Too much, too fast, the way secrets stopped being secrets without use of any spoken word and then the gate was shut without a second thought, a garden in bloom to become a cemetery. It’s hateful and wrong, like towers built awry. Your blood sings for escape.
this sweet corruption. If neurons synapsed in perpetual climax
“So, family meeting, then?”
“Obviously,” Sherlock replies with a hint of a smile. He’s lying on the couch, long hands together against his chin; his thinking posture. It still looks handsome on him, especially now, in the late afternoon glow. It makes him look younger. “I played,” he continues. “She sat with her back to me, didn’t turn once.”
“You’ve just seen her yesterday,” John smiles. “I left her downstairs. Mrs. Hudson was really keen on letting her play with chocolate cookie dough, for some reason I can’t fathom.”
“John,” Sherlock says, taking a step towards him.
‘Nothing you could ever understand, brother of mine.’
‘Go on, then,’ he says, gesturing towards the chair.
“So, you’ll be moving back in, then?”
“I still don’t like the idea of you using,” he continues on a lower tone.
He’d loved her for understanding what he wasn’t ready to accept, for loving him in spite of it. He’d hated her for loving him in all the wrong ways. The lies (her past), the bullet (Sherlock’s chest), the lies (leaving him and Rosie), the bullet (
Things happen. He goes to Uni, he gets high on information and cocaine and sheltered lust, and he only thinks of John when he is at his lowest, as a memory of sorts, a chance never concretized, a particle suspended in quantum state, always hanging in possibility.
This simple gesture of surrender does unspeakable things to John. He doesn’t dare to admit it to himself, not often, how much his protective instinct goes both ways with Sherlock. He wants to keep him safe as much as he wants to be the one who makes him come utterly undone.
John slides his hands from Sherlock’s knees to his hips, massaging gently, kneading the sensitive flesh of his thighs. He leans in, drags his teeth with torturous slowness inches away from Sherlock’s leaking cock, reveling in the low moan it earns him. It’s torture for him as well, feeling the musky scent of Sherlock’s arousal and the hard evidence of his pleasure only a touch away, but he keeps rolling with it, tasting and biting and caressing every inch of bare flesh that he can find until time seems to have slowed down into a thick, sickly sweet flow and Sherlock is squirming beneath him, his eyes closed and his breath coming out in short, aborted huffs.
‘Sorry,’ you whisper against his neck. You’re not sorry.
You look up, notice the blood on her blouse, the terrified look in her eyes as you close the few steps between you and catch her as she collapses. Your heart stops. The pieces of the puzzle fail to fall together; this is only a finale without a plot.
They listen to the ambulance siren fade out, leaving the room eerily quiet once again.
“I’m fine, John,” Sherlock croaks, but his hand is clawing at John’s arm and he’s still trying to gulp for air like a drowning man.
‘Well, Mary’s not an idiot, as opposed to other people,’ you say, not looking in his eyes.
He doesn’t know what else to say.
They speak at the same time, voices mixing in cacophony.
No. John breathes through the wave of nausea threatening to take him over.
He undresses without looking at John, thinking nothing of it, and waits. His mind is a comfortable blank.
After a moment’s surprise, Sherlock’s lips curl into a smile.
John smiles and, just like in that first day when they met, the world stops being a stranger.
“Mm?”
but not unholy either. In that dream,
The intensity of his own thoughts surprises him. He’s never allowed himself to go that far, to imagine the details of being with Sherlock. There’d been fantasies before, of course, but he’d kept them purposefully blurry, as if he could pretend it was still a woman beneath that unruly mop of hair, kissing him with those tantalizing cupid’s bow lips. The very real, very sharp electricity of him being aroused by another man- by
The confession steals the air right out from his lungs. It should be nothing, really- Sherlock had expressed his affection, even his love for John before -
You haven’t even noticed the moisture in your eyes. You blink twice until you no longer see John in bokeh.
- to talk about his wife. His partner, his lover.
‘Yeah. Yeah, you’re right.’ He doesn’t look at you. ‘I’d better…leave, then.’
might be over a little too soon at our age,” he huffs.
It’s unexpected, like an earthquake on a quiet summer day. Your heart suddenly jumps in your chest, making the day’s work seem trivial. You rub your palms together; they’re sweaty, as if they’re trying to tell you:
He clears his throat, turning around to face John after he finishes speaking. Expectant, vulnerable.
You immerse yourself in your work and waste the rest of the day until it starts becoming less and less unbearable. Like a weight you’ve been carrying on your shoulders for days and it stopped being a hindrance, because it’s already a part of you. Life has become this clean, simple thing, divided between work and telly. You read sometimes and you go out in the weekends with a bunch of old friends who make you feel like a normal person again. Average. Content.
The girl nods with utmost seriousness.
Clouds painted in grey hues, heavy with the promise of rain. The subdued hums of car engines, interrupted by the occasional roar. Passers-by, passing by and minding their little lives, not unlike their own. Nothing seems askew on Baker Street. However, today is different, because 1. John had just cried in Sherlock’s arms earlier on in the afternoon, and 2. They’d had cake.
“Yes, you are,” Sherlock whispers, sliding his hands on John’s waist, beneath the open shirt. The look in his eyes makes it sound like a confession and a plea at the same time.
“I do,” Sherlock says softly, raising his hand to cup John’s cheek. Long fingers, slightly cold; the promise of warmth. The gesture gives John the courage to lean in and press their lips together in a chaste touch, feather-light and firm at the same time, more of a question than a statement. He pulls back, taking in Sherlock’s reaction.
Sherlock’s eyes are blown wide and his lips swollen from kissing, his open shirt exposing the pale skin beneath. He looks more debauched than John has ever seen him and downright
“Hello, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft says, smiling his half-amicable, half-plastered smile. To his credit, he doesn’t seem entirely displeased to be there. He’s wearing a café au lait suit with a buttoned-up shirt beneath, an outfit that makes him look significantly more… human. It’s an unlikely picture; family business, then.
“You’d have blood on your hands,” John says, amused.
And now, he wants Sherlock. He wants his mouth, his neck, his cock, his mind, his heart. There is no single part of this man that he would not have, and the immensity of his desire is both a weight and a relief.
family.
crushed by something much more powerful and brave and beautiful. That
your reason tells you.
“What does that have to do with anything?” John replies defensively, surprised by the change in subject.
‘Obviously,’ he says. ‘But you were her heart. I… don’t know what would’ve become of me if I didn’t meet you, John. Perhaps I would’ve ended up in an abandoned building too. Alone. Delusional. You made me believe that I could have a heart, and I think it might’ve caught on,’ he says. The hint of drama in his tone, the way he can only be sincere while pretending…it makes your chest ache with affection. ’She was me, but her kindness is something I’d never hoped to have until I met you.’
‘No, you weren’t
, his best friend, his partner, his
Sherlock steps forward and leans over his shoulder to find the object of his attention- a sheet of paper filled with pencil sketches- and the boy jumps.
‘Probability, John, not luck. You, as well as the thief, seem to have failed your statistics class. What is the probability of owning an aquarium big enough for a
to keep safe.
Eurus is being taken away, restored to her prison. Sherlock is safe. Exhausted in more than one way, but safe. And John- he could still be holding the slick, freezing skull of Sherlock’s childhood best friend, he could be drowning, struggling to keep his head above water while Sherlock is trying to placate his sister.
They don’t talk about the nightmares, but it’s not a challenge for John to realize what they’re about. It’s written in the way Sherlock shifts closer to him whenever he wakes up in a panic, seeking comfort. While he’s taking deep, steadying breaths, he wraps his arms around John’s waist, his shoulders, his back, touching him as if he’s making sure of his realness. He rests his forehead on John’s or buries his face in his neck, all previous boundaries momentarily forgotten as his fingers hold and grip tight, afraid to lose.
“So, how was it?” he asks. “You’ve been to Sherrinford, right?”
“Wanna talk about it?” John asks tentatively.
Sherlock takes a deep breath.  “I was captured by gunmen in Serbia, while I was dismantling Moriarty’s network.” He pauses. “It’s just transport, John. It doesn’t matter to me. Though I did anticipate your reaction, and it’s… flattering.”
“I don’t know, do I?” Sherlock replies with feigned indifference, but the challenge in his voice is more than clear.
- there was something familiar and comforting about her distance. She seemed miles away from him, even when she was listening. She felt like home.
‘Were you aware that the poison you used only has a forty percent chance of working?’ Sherlock asks, oblivious to her comment.
a feeble thing that had been lacking in his life before Sherlock and had reached ridiculous levels after moving to 221B- as far as hoping for a dead man to come back to life.
that meant nothing.
“I only hope that what transpired between you at the hospital won’t happen again,” Mycroft continues with the slightest hint of threat in his voice.
Sherlock is beside him in a second.
“I was thinking that you took the devil out of me,” John says, his brain unable to come up with a witty alternative and deciding that honesty is the best route. He bursts into full-blown giggles in the following moment and Sherlock joins him after a brief second of confusion. They’re laughing like teenagers again. It’s probably the oxytocin and the vasopressin kicking in.
I'm always hungry, always ready to take in
“Holmes, many things have changed, but your appalling self-preservation instinct is not one of them,” John replies in mock outrage.
More pity poured out the wrong way, how he’d have looked at you like you were a hurt animal instead of a hunter disappointed, aware that nothing ever again will compare to this day, this evening when everything turned to gold.
You slump back into the couch and go back to watching the telly, stacking the distraction of him being here in a hidden corner of your mind. It might as well rot there. You’re done with the drama.
‘Haven’t you heard me? Bored!’ he restates with more emphasis, but Mycroft is already back to reading.
There’s concern in his eyes as he walks out the door you’re keeping open for him, but that’s none of your business anymore.
“Some things just aren’t okay, Sherlock. What I did wasn’t.”
“Unless…” he adds rapidly, “you think that leaving Rosie with someone else for so long negatively impacts her development, so you’d rather…”
“So? Say it anyway,” Sherlock replies, looking straight at him with those piercing eyes. John feels a shiver run through him, a tiny spark of barely-there pleasure. He remembers the army, his commanding officer, those times when similar blue eyes bore into his with a heady mix of resolve and kindness.
“John,” Sherlock says, his voice steady, his gaze unfaltering. “You gave me more than I could ever expect from another human being. Your friendship, your loyalty, your care, were… more than I ever thought I would receive in this life.” He looks away. “You have experienced terrible loss and grief, right when you thought you’d had enough of it for a lifetime. Is it not normal to expect an imperfect reaction?”
‘Sherlock? Are you crying?’
He massages Sherlock’s right nipple between his pointer and thumb, earning a low whimper.
‘I do love you, you know,’ she smiles faintly, then closes her eyes.
There’s nothing John wants more than to taste it.
“Is this alright?” John asks, trying to keep his voice steady. He’s looking down, fixing a point on Sherlock’s chest, blue satin with white cotton beneath - warm, alive and incredibly close. He wants to trace the line where the world ends and Sherlock begins, to feel the steadfast comfort of his sinewy muscle, the maddening drum of his heart.
‘You were about to die, how did that make you feel?’ you ask Sherlock one evening, at the end of an exhausting and mostly fruitless day. You keep thinking about that night in the field, the terror that gripped you at thinking you were going to lose both of them. You want confirmation that it was real, that you weren’t the only one who was afraid.
‘But you were allowed to. I wasn’t. I’d made my choice.’
Instead, he pulls up to clean the mess on their stomachs with a couple of wet tissues retrieved from the kitchen and he gives thanks to whatever deity is out there for the small mercy of a small sofa that allows them- albeit uncomfortably- to fall asleep, with tangled limbs and lingering kisses, in each other’s arms.
“No, it’s just that… “ John laughs, a short, nervous sound. “Yeah, actually. Yes. What you did, Sherlock. It was… “
“Problem?”
‘Did you expect them to? Stop thinking of a finality. Be a part of this.’
The thug’s standing in front of you, arms crossed to his chest. He looks too dim-witted to have come up with all of this, with his small, empty eyes and crooked smile, but now he’s enjoying it as if he was in charge, which you suppose he is, because he is the one giving you a choice.
Mycroft has repeatedly called you sentimental. He is never wrong.
‘Indeed, ’ Mycroft answers on a sickly sweet tone.
He feels the slightest smile pull at the corners of his mouth before Sherlock closes the distance between them in one graceful step, pressing their lips together. Sherlock’s lips are dry, a symptom of mild dehydration. He never was very good at taking care of himself during cases.
John raises his hand, urges it to speak for him. After a second, he gives up and lowers it back, curling it into a fist on the soft arm of his chair. He focuses on the sensation. Anchoring, simple- unlike this.
He loves every moment of it with an intensity bordering on masochistic.
John looks at him questioningly, takes a tentative step closer and keeps moving as Sherlock’s expression starts shifting from surprise to understanding. He brushes his hands lightly on his waist, towards his back, stepping close enough to feel Sherlock’s body heat through his robe, but not enough to fully embrace him. Sherlock freezes.
He squeezes firmly, giving Sherlock what he hopes to be a reassuring look. He can’t read his partner’s face, but Sherlock’s hand clasps his own in a steady grip.
‘You’re Sherlock Holmes, aren’t you? And John Watson,’ the girl says. You wonder if she’s on something; she looks like she’s in a completely different world. ‘I’ve read about you.’
“Are you okay?” he asks, placing one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
‘John,’ he says, taken aback. ‘Thank you.’ He nods shortly, a smile playing on his lips, and you can’t restrain yours. The whole silence thing is terribly awkward, just like it was in the morning after you crashed his place (of which you don’t remember much, but enough to cringe at the memory), and god, you miss the times when silence was just silence, comfortable and unassuming.
“I may be bollocks at showing it, but I deeply care for you.”
The train moves slowly through the country, leaving it scarred by metal and smoke and sound. Sherlock loves it. He loves the sound the most- the staccato imposing a steady pattern in his thoughts, smooth yet steady, rigorous yet creating a wholly different world. The world outside the windowpane is nothing particularly entertaining, only green fields and steep hills, yet he loses himself in absent contemplation, if only for a few moments. He opens the window and tests the temperature of the air with his hand, followed by his head which he forgets about until Mummy reminds him where he is, and that he should close the window because Mycroft is still having a cold.
“I’ve never felt so ravenous in my life, do you know that?” he murmurs, taking advantage of Sherlock’s exposed neck and leaning in to suck a small bite there. He gasps against the skin when Sherlock runs his thumbs against the scar on his left shoulder, caressing, pressing slightly. “And here you are, making me wait.”
John purses his lips, feels his pulse quicken fractionally. Sherlock isn’t talking about Eurus or Sherrinford anymore.
When you open the door and she waits with a gun pointed to your head, eyes cold and unfaltering, you almost feel relieved.
“Self? Yes. Care? Mmmnot really,” Sherlock replies with a tone of feigned boredom.
What he means is:
“This is like cocaine to you,” John clarifies. He notices the uneasiness in his stomach and breathes through it, remembering:
You throw up on the bathroom floor, thinking of her blood on your hands. The next day, you’ve already sold the house.
“Her sitter’s currently chatting on Facebook with a man she met last weekend at a salsa course. He finishes work at 9. Your house is significantly closer to his office than hers, so you’d be doing her a favour by extending her work hours, allowing him to pick her up.” Sherlock smiles faintly, then something in his expression shifts.
and never cross them.
This is, it turns out, less simple than it has ever been before. John runs his fingers across the silky skin of Sherlock’s neck, his jaw, his lips. Settles it on his chest, where his heart is thumping wildly, and kisses him again, this time allowing his hunger to get the best of him as he tastes and sucks and bites. It starts building up slowly and ends up a frantic rhythm that has them opening their mouths to each other, John’s thigh sliding between Sherlock’s long legs, bodies pressed together insistently. They both moan into the kiss when their tongues meet, sharing heat and breath and sound, sharing- finally- the parts of them that they’d kept hidden all along, while their bodies inhabited the same space and their minds played the same frenzied, adrenaline-fueled game.
would’ve been a good reason for doing what I did. I’m sorry. Forgive me.”
‘Let’s go home,’ Sherlock says, heading towards the exit without looking you in the eye. ‘This case is closed.’
“Sherlock.” John laughs, releasing a breath he didn’t realize he was keeping in. “You’re a cock, you know that?”
, he picks up his coat and closes the door behind him once again.
has him moving his hips of their own accord, moaning against Sherlock’s open lips, running his hands through Sherlock’s hair as he leans in.
They hadn't.
You only call Mike because there’s no one else that you can get drunk with, and by the end of the evening the whole world’s smudged its edges and your blood feels as sweet as candy floss. You find yourself taking a cab to 221B. By the time you realize you don’t live there anymore, it’s already too late.
. He bites back a smile, absently tidying up the past week’s newspapers under the new (identical, clinically white-lighted) lamp near the desk, and allows the incurable romantic in him imagine saying it back.
“I know,” Sherlock whispers. He turns around without notice and grabs John by the back of his neck, clashing their lips together with urgency as he wraps his legs around John’s waist. Truth plays back and forth between their willing, famished bodies.
It’s not like you couldn’t last any longer, it’s not like you terribly miss him. In fact, a part of you is reluctant to respond, outraged at the way he still seems to believe that you’re at his beck and call, attached to the comfortable predictability that your life has slipped into. But at the same time, after the initial shock wears off, you realize that you’re dying of curiosity to see what’s happening. You wonder what crazy experiment he wants to show you, cut-off toes and all that, or perhaps it’s an urgent case and he’ll have you running around town again, like the old times. As if nothing ever happened, because that’s just how Sherlock works, isn’t it?
You take taxis from house to house, searching all four corners of London for anything that could lead you to the main suspect for the murder, a twenty-old chambermaid, as Sherlock promises. You only talk about the case, exchanging looks sometimes, but mostly avoiding each other’s gaze. He’s a bit slower, a bit more unfocused. It makes you wonder whether you became an opaque distraction instead of a conductor of light. Of course, you’re probably being too audacious to think that this could be about you.
you murmur without thinking.
‘The chambermaid. You were right. She was me,’ he says, resting your forehead against yours.
‘You git,’ he laughs breathlessly. ‘You wanna hear me say it, huh?’
‘You’re wearing clothes. Why are you still wearing clothes-‘ he says, pulling out with a sudden realization and coming down on the floor to help you undress. So much for the bed. He takes both of your cocks in his hand, grinding against you harshly, and you come so hard that you’re left shaking, burying your face in his neck to muffle out the noises. He follows you, cursing loudly. You stay there for a few moments, kind of leaning against each other, listening to your heartbeats slow down.
John breathes, clenches and unclenches his fists, turns around to look at Sherlock. Sherlock, who has been high for weeks, Sherlock, who almost died for on him, Sherlock, who seems to have lost his edges, watered down to this raw, vulnerable creature who looks at him with an honesty that he can hardly bear.
he thinks, then giggles a little at the ridiculousness of the thought.
John keeps drawing him and Sherlock is surprised to always find a new interest in his eyes, sparks of admiration at his every feature. An artist’s admiration for something that he could never recreate himself; a doctor’s clinical fascination at human anatomy. Something more. Friendship; trust. Joy, humanity. A closeness that Sherlock always finds endearing, and that he always welcomes, like cool water in arid deserts, like words to a man who spent a little too much time alone.
But more than that, the anger, the undefinable anger of being here right now, as if you truly wanted it, and furthermore, the dangerous thought that maybe, just maybe it’s really what you desire. Behind it there’s the grief for her, the confusion, the hurt, silent beneath your skin, yet digging a steady riverbank.
John loves him for it, plain as day.
‘You went to war. I thought you would know better than me,’ he replies, crashing on the sofa. ‘Plus, don’t be ridiculous, we weren’t going to die.’
Is that a challenge, then?”
Sherlock freezes. He blinks, looking like John has suddenly grown two heads, and opens his mouth, shifts slightly in his chair, then closes his mouth again. He’s gripping the arms of his chair with more force than it would be strictly necessary, brows furrowed in an (agonizing) attempt to understand.
Life is very long and timeless
He spots the deserted wooden house hidden behind a hill. The river is not far. He’d first found it by accident, during one of his usual walks. It consists of a single room with enough space for a bed, a desk and some empty shelves. The furniture is hand-crafted, probably by the owner himself. Considering the dust layer covering the rough wood, it had been deserted for at least one year, and no stranger had bothered to go inside after.
When Eurus shoots him, the letter is tucked in the left pocket of his jacket. John wakes up heavy-headed to a mess of broken glass on the floor and to Sherlock’s panicked face close to his.
All the moments that you could’ve triggered, strings of possibilities never stilled into reality, left oscillating between presence and absence- the way he looks in a suit beneath your furtive glances, the way he gets all bossy when he pulls rank, and then all the times he almost gave himself away, because you could never dare assume anything about his feelings, but the attraction, it was always there. All the moments when you could’ve taken advantage of that, but you didn’t, because it was never the only thing that you wanted from him, and those other things were always too incomprehensible to you to risk losing.
There’s nothing but contempt for this small man sitting in front of you with the world at his feet, as if he’s the one who owns it. He might. But he is done owning you.
You knew there was something wrong, but you didn’t want it to be. Your mind is as good at uncovering truths as it is at burying them.
‘Yeah?’
“Then I’d take you in my mouth, work you slow and deep, let you catalogue every flick of my tongue, every slide of my lips in that bloody brilliant mind of yours. Except you wouldn’t, because you’d be so past the point of thinking that you could only writhe under me as I watch you unravel.”
In the end, she’d broken down under his pressures. You don’t mention how they’d been filming you and John that evening, how she’d seen everything. The tape is still out there, waiting to be exposed. You would make it your next mission to recover it, that is if you cared. You don’t care. Let the whole world know.
“Good,” Sherlock replies, eyeing John mischievously before they both burst into laughter, foreheads touching as they ease each other out of their shirts,
, and you swear you want to be the one who brings him down and takes him higher than he’s ever been before, you have no idea how you’ve stayed away from him for such a long time- you’ve never kissed someone like this before, like your whole fucking life depended on it, like the universe is a thing that stopped existing and instead there’s only this, you, him.
, John’s mind supplies. Who even says something like that in bed? Inconveniently, the words go straight to his groin, setting his blood alight with a fresh wave of lust.
‘Now don’t be…’ You stop, looking at him, at his indignation. ‘You really have no clue, do you?’
It was easy back then, taming down sentiment and holding it tightly, only letting it surface when you were too desperate and you had to: give yourself to the urgency of unknown hands in foreign alleys, shut yourself in your apartment and get high, or dance. Dancing was always the mildest version of it, and you’ve fooled yourself into believing there was nothing but mathematic precision in the smooth flow of movement dissolving into movement until you first danced with someone who really mattered, and you found your heart again.
The floor, unswept for a few days. Clean. There was no one here to disturb the dust. You’re living at Mike’s until you find a new place, swimming through the oblivion of yet another loss. Another betrayal.
He walks through the fields under the summer sun and it’s tedious- at least if there were some mountains, secret passages or forests that he could explore, summer days would be less torturous, but there aren’t. There are just fields and a river and Sherlock learned them all by the end of the first summer- every sweep of a hill, every turn of the road, every name of every plant and tree and bird and their characteristics. The river and its winding, the dams where children gathered to bathe and play, the trees that he could climb to see the plains unfolding at his feet, confronting his mental map with the concrete relief to find, without lack of satisfaction, that they were the same.
Of course. He should have figured.
“God, yes,” Sherlock breathes, closing the distance between them. They share small, tentative kisses (this is really happening), cupping each other’s faces like they’re holding something incredibly precious (which they are). It’s tender, unfocused, a little tense; uncharted territory. Sherlock’s eyes are closed (John knows because his aren’t, not entirely) and his lips are incredibly soft, a contrast to the sharp sinew of his body. John isn’t surprised that Sherlock doesn’t seem to entirely know what he’s doing. It allows him to take the lead, finally threading with surer steps on a path that he knows all too well- the action and feedback loop of pleasure, the simple, straightforward dance of bodies melding together. He slides his hand down to rest on the warm skin of Sherlock’s neck as he sucks on his bottom lip.
, it’s impossible to stop. The subtle shift between them seems to surprise Sherlock as much as it does John. For a few moments, they face each other in silence, as if the world has found a new way of turning and they’re still trying to make sense of it. Sherlock tips the balance by closing some of the distance between them in two wide steps and reaching down towards John’s hand, interlacing their fingers with tentative slowness.
‘God, I missed you so much,’ you say, hugging him.
He blurts it out without realizing, chastises himself for saying it one second later.
“Happy birthday once again,” John says.
This chapter includes a brief description of a panic attack, so if this is a trigger for you, you might want to turn back.
Now you find yourself absurdly regretting it all, in these small moments of insanity when you indulge yourself in old addictions and thought habits.
“Alright, doctor,” Sherlock breathes, and it would be endearing if it wouldn’t break John’s heart to see him- hear him- like this the second time in one week.
You give up calling and knocking at his door after the second month. You’ve only tried both things twice, but it already feels like you’ve crossed a line, stepping into a space where you’re not wanted anymore.
‘You bastard,’ you growl, pulling him by his collar into an open-mouthed kiss. He groans at the contact, capturing your body between his and the door. The roughness of it feels familiar, it hits home even though you’ve only did this once before; you fit so well with each other, you fit so well with this terrible man who crashed into your life right on time to save it. Your hands stay on his neck and for the briefest of moments, you feel like hurting him, but there’s a bigger picture here, there’s something that goes beyond disaster and murder and revenge, or so you like to think. To
‘I want to draw you,’ John tells him one day, while they are both sitting on the river shore. Sherlock scowls.
“Now, John,” Sherlock commands, grabbing a fistful of John’s shirt and pulling him close to clash their mouths together with an intensity bordering on roughness. John can hardly argue with that (not that he’d want to), so he slides one hand in Sherlock’s curls, tugging lightly as he presses their bodies together. They moan in each other’s mouths when their erections meet through the thick fabric of their trousers, the pleasure so incandescent that John thinks he might burst from it.
“Are you sure? Because I’m way beyond the point of being able to say no,” Sherlock says, his voice barely more than a whisper. It’s surreal, that voice saying those particular words, bare of any attempt to control the output. The world stills as the fiery creature lodged in John’s chest coils and coils.
You wake up sometimes, in the middle of the night, and contemplate your decisions. The part of you that screams for the thrill of it all, silenced down for her, for
John shudders against his better judgment. He takes a deep breath, inhaling Sherlock’s scent- peppermint shampoo, warm skin, the slight trace of sweat.
‘Okay. Fine. I can do that,’ he finally says, biting back his confusion. ‘Who are you?’
as if his very life depended on it.
‘Too late,’ she replies softly, lowering the gun down until it levels your heart. You jump to take it from her, but there’s a shot before you can reach it. A moment of surprise; first, because you hadn’t expected her to really do it, no matter what twisted game she was part of, and again it’s all unfolding too quickly, before you can grasp any shard of truth and try to stitch together a bigger picture. You are being shot by the woman you love, and as usually, you are clueless as to what’s really going on.
- heart pumping blood to his sleepy limbs, body ready to fight back.
“Oh,” John chuckles, his voice low and just a little bit dark. “
John blinks, breathing into the silence between them, unsure about which part of Sherlock's words is the most difficult to process.
‘Okay, what was all that about?’ you ask when he closes the door behind you.
What he also means is:
“All of it?” John asks, burying a hand in Sherlock’s curls and pulling none too gently. He wants, God, how he
“The purest, most concentrated solution, and a thousand times better. I want to make it last forever,” Sherlock whispers. His breath is ghosting on John’s ear and his long fingers are tracing John’s areolas, dipping lower to run through the smooth hairs on his belly. John’s breath catches in his throat at the attention, the air between them thick with a languidness that hadn’t been there moments before.
‘Yes, terribly so,’ you roll your eyes, ‘come now, we gotta get you back to Mary,’ but you realize that’s too much of an ambitious goal before you even finish your sentence.
After that, the nightmares become rarer and less intense. Sherlock keeps waking up in the middle of the night, but it takes less and less time for his body to calm down and his mind to drift off to sleep.
It takes John a moment to catch on.  “You wanted to hear me?” he asks, taken aback. If Sherlock’s deep baritone was enough to transport him- and probably the rest of the planet- into a lust-addled trance, John’s own voice was nothing beyond ordinary.
It’s like Christmas when you finally get home (
He looks at you, confusion, then exasperation visible on his face. ‘I was simply trying to point out her innocence, despite the committed crime,’ he says.
“You should go, John.”
the palace empty, my friend again as echo.
That day, the pool, a dread you didn’t know how to shake off when you were about to lose him. The way it all shaped into focus in that moment, as if you’d been blind to yourself all that time. The day he saved your life, and even further behind, the day you met, when for a second you were uncertain whether he could ever be fixed. And then the thrill of the chase, dun colours turned into explosions, something that you used to force yourself into with cocaine- it was all better with him, and for a while you just thought it was better with company, any company, but you were wrong. You think you were wrong. You’re not very sure anymore. The flat is empty and dull and you’ve forgotten how to be alone.
He wants to take him apart bit by bit (maybe even beg for mercy; once would be nice), but Sherlock won’t stand for it; he pulls John up to taste his mouth, heady and desperate, arching his back to get the friction he’s being denied.
, John Watson, is the intended recipient of Sherlock’s message- no third person, no alibi.
He’s finding out, more and more, that he can’t build that fort alone.
“He… did something. For me. Something dangerous. Hell, he did many dangerous things. He risked his life. He almost got sent away for… doing something he shouldn’t have.” John laughs nervously. “I do realize I’m not making any sense, but the point is… it’s not easy for me. To ask for help. Maybe that’s why I brushed it off. What he did. How he looks at me. People don’t really look at each other like that.”
He still doesn’t open the cupboard.
But he had.
“Good,” John replies, allowing a tinge of sharpness to punctuate the warmth in his voice.
Tags updated.
John knows that’s not true, not anymore. Despite his raging instincts to
“I’ll keep going. To Sherrinford,” Sherlock says on a low, almost hushed voice, and it sounds like a love confession. He’s close enough for John to feel the huff of his breath- tea, crackers, the bitter echo of smoke. It brings up the memory of how it felt intertwined with his. “Mycroft and our parents will come too, eventually, if… she responds well. You can come too. I’d like you to.”
‘Who would’ve you chosen, John?’
‘That was amazing,’ John says, and Sherlock blinks.
He rests his hand heavy on Sherlock’s back, letting it slide up and down in a soothing motion. The fact that Sherlock lets his guard down around him, even after all that’s passed between them, amazes John to no end. Before he realizes it, he plants a small kiss on Sherlock’s head, holding him tighter.
getting in the way?’ he slurs and sinks into the sofa with a drunken laugh.
- makes him dizzy with surprise and want.
‘Yeah. She said you did it so if I thought of choosing you, I’d end up saving her instead.’
“Of course, you would be too far from Rosie’s room then.”
His eyebrows are slightly furrowed and he’s licking his lips, as if trying to catalogue the pressure and the taste of John’s. It’s such a Sherlock-like reaction that John can’t help but smile, moving one hand to cup this impossible man’s cheek and running his thumb over the smooth skin there.
,’ you huff. ‘I might be shedding tears, but they’re merely chemical reactions to external stimuli. I’m… cleaning my eyes.’
“Anyway, none of that was a good reason for…doing what I did,” he continues, fixing his gaze somewhere in the area of Sherlock’s chest. “
This is Sherlock’s heart, pouring out through his shaky fingers, his shallow breaths, his reluctance to look John in the eye, now that they’re finally seeing each other again.
He feels stupid for not taking a cellphone number, an address, anything, but again, the two of them were never like that.
“You aren’t used to it,” the therapist says in a neutral tone. Distant, comfortable.
“We can think of turning 221C into a new bedroom,” Sherlock says one day as he’s flipping through the burnt pages of what used to be his
You get lost in petty murders and the occasional demanding case, in cigarettes, in cocaine, anything to make the days flow faster. What are you rushing towards? Yeah, there’s an aim, a final destination, but he has exiled you. There are no other gates to open, nothing new, lest you want the waters to flood you.
‘Oh, shut up,’ he laughs bitterly. ‘Guess I brought this on myself, eh?’ Then, after a few seconds, ‘What the hell are we gonna do, Sherlock?’ You part, cruely brought back with your feet on the ground. There’s nothing similar to embarrassment between you anymore, but instead there is a dilemma, and you’re usually very good at solving those.
“John. I can’t.”
“No, no, not like that,” Sherlock rasps, still finding his breath. “I’m fine. Sorry. I just…”
“Oh,” Sherlock replies quietly, throwing a suspicious gaze in John's direction before looking away. “Good. It’s… good.” He nods resolutely in a way that certainly means it's not good at all. “Oh, who am I kidding. I need a distraction! At this point, I would probably murder someone myself to have a good case on my hands.” He rolls his eyes, sounding more tired than exasperated.
. When your tongues meet he makes this sound in the back of his throat and his hand in your hair clutches and
‘Don’t listen to him, John,’ Sherlock tells you from afar, his voice carried by the biting stripes of wind. ‘Whichever of us you choose,
Sherlock’s eyes are closed and John takes his time to look, to really look at the marble sinew of his neck, at the softness of his cheeks, at his full, thoroughly kissed lips. The way he’s coming undone beneath him, word by word, fills John with a heady mix of possessiveness and reverence. He brushes his lips against Sherlock’s in a tender kiss that feels at odds and, at the same time, completely congruent to what’s passing between them right now.
“Sometimes you’re adorable when you’re trying to think,” Sherlock says with a dopey smile, cupping John’s face with long (clean) fingers. John’s hands are sticky with their shared release, so he decides that the best revenge is to wipe them on Sherlock’s neck, which turns out to be a terrible notion of payback. He ends up with his fingers in Sherlock’s mouth- wet tongue and velvet lips licking them clean- and a spiking desire for a refractory period that would allow him to put something else in Sherlock’s mouth as well, right the fuck now.
His new place is a cozy apartment towards the edge of the city. Tedious, really, the way he chose to be away from where everything happens, exchanging life for a set of identical grey blocks where there’s nothing more interesting than the hum of the news channel set on minimum or the neighbours’ hystericals. Or crime, perhaps, there’s that deserted factory nearby, that could be an interesting prospective. Some distant part of you is afraid that it’s too early, but…two weeks. Isn’t that enough time to sulk? Doesn’t he understand that
“You’re bloody gorgeous, d’you know that?” he says as he straddles Sherlock once again, not unaffected by the charms of one consulting detective, gloriously naked in his armchair, vulnerable and intent. Somewhere between rolling his eyes and flushing a deeper red, Sherlock squeezes a dollop of lube on his hand and finally there’s the heat and slide of their bodies merged, a pleasure so bright that it envelops John entirely, stealing him from the outside world. And of course,
be rebuilt. And I want you to know that I’d like to. Rebuild them with you, that is. As much as it’s possible for us.”
“Yeah. No. I don’t know!” Sherlock says, frustration creeping into his voice as he sits up, almost causing John to fall over. He starts pacing through the room. Picks up his violin, puts it down again. Finally, with his back at John, he speaks.
, he’s not only a permanent, underlying presence in your mind palace anymore, but a living breathing warm creature whose directions you have cartographed, and you’d like a lifetime to explore, learn about every inch of him; not from blind fascination, but for practical purposes. The places that incite the most reaction, the ways you can make his body and mind sing and burst into a million shards of colour beneath your hands, your eyes. You don’t think you will get a lifetime for that. A couple of more minutes at most. He freezes like this for a few seconds, while he’s bucking his belt; lost in thought, perhaps trying to figure out what you’re thinking.
It’s the one remaining piece of the puzzle, after they’ve started rebuilding their lives in 221B, filling the air with laughter and tension and adrenaline when it’s time to do what they know best, steadying themselves in the joint construction of their shared life where nothing and everything is new at the same time. It makes John giddy, it sobers him up- his Sherlock, his Rosie, his family, so beyond what he’d thought he deserved that he sometimes wonders how come he’s not still at the bottom of that fountain, struggling for air. It’s the last piece of the puzzle: the woman who’s pushed Sherlock to the breaking point and almost destroyed him, a constant presence between them even as she’s locked up, miles away.
, he thinks, rolling his eyes out of habit more than a real sense of annoyance.
“Oh, for Christ’s sake…” John gets up, squares his shoulders, extends his arms towards his back, avoiding Sherlock’s gaze and hoping, maybe foolishly, that he will catch on. During what seem to be the longest ten seconds of his life, he watches Sherlock in the mirror, out of the corner of his eye, getting up from his chair with the same (amusing, maddening, endearing) expression of bewilderment.
“She didn’t want me to stay alive,” Sherlock says one night, nestled in John’s arms. “I was supposed to die from it.”
It’s barely a whisper, but it sends a chill down John’s spine nevertheless. He pulls back immediately, removing himself from Sherlock’s chair, and crouches down in front of him, steadying himself with one hand on Sherlock’s knee.
It’s John’s heart as well, with nowhere left to hide as he unbuttons Sherlock’s cuffs and kisses his wrists, one by one.
‘I didn’t doubt you for one second,’ he smiles.
“God, your voice,” John says appreciatively. “I always wondered how you’d sound in bed. Tried not to.”
“Far less than I’d anticipated,” he drawls. With his eyes still closed, he traces the line of John’s arms, takes John’s hand and draws small circles on his wrists, touches his fingers one by one, as if he’s mapping them.
They haven’t talked about John’s bedroom in the new 221B, or the lack thereof. Whenever the subject of his old room comes up, Sherlock immediately mentions nursery furniture and children’s books and educative toys, making John wonder exactly how long-term is this arrangement of theirs. Does Sherlock want to see Rosie grow up? Will they raise her together? If his old room will be her new bedroom, where will he sleep?
“Are you sure about this,” John asks, and he’s surprised to find that it doesn’t come out as a question.  “The last time we went so fast…”
“But I've been thinking and it made me who I am more than I'd realized. My dad, he used to drink all the time. He would shout at mom, at Harry and I, that sort of thing, then he’d sulk for hours. The beatings started later on, when Harry had already left home and started to build… well, rather to ruin her own life. It’s just… I always had the idea that addiction makes you weak, turns you into some kind of monster.”
They’d shared inside jokes, laughed, avoided each other’s gaze, looked at each other too much- him, Sherlock and Molly. Just like the old times, almost (but not really) ignoring the heaviness of the past days. The hospital. The blood. The crying, the embrace.
“Other times, I don’t imagine being so nice.” His voice gains a sharp edge as he slips his hand between the armchair and Sherlock’s back, aiming to pull him closer.
years ago. I’m only adding the missing details. Still need to collect data,” Sherlock muses, turning John’s palm face-up and tracing every line with the tip of his pointer.
Not enough for a lifetime.
In the still-spinning room, he registers Sherlock taking his pulse with one hand and holding his phone in the other. Probably calling Lestrade for the therapist in the airing cupboard, John thinks absently, hoping she’s still alive, then he dozes off again.
Sherlock kneels down beside you, winding his fingers through her hair.
to do? You almost went and got yourself killed, you lunatic! You found a case- the most complicated case you could’ve picked- and tried to solve it while you were entirely off your tits on drugs!” John feels the anger rising, traveling from the pit of his stomach to the tip of his tongue. He wants to pack it up in a concentrated form and send it directly to Sherlock’s brain- his brilliance, his utter stupidity. “Did you ever think for a moment that you might not make it out alive?”
non-dualism, state of flux.
“I know.”
They find a strange kind of comfort in their routine, John minding Sherlock a couple of hours each day as Rosie either remains with Mrs. Hudson (sometimes) or joins their silences and their stories in the sitting room (often).
You chase the thought away. Mary’s John’s life now.  He can’t possibly lose that again.
They take each other’s jackets off in a frenzy, but unbuttoning their shirts is more complicated work. It forces them to breathe, to open their eyes, and in no time the frantic rhythm they’ve been building up shifts into something more fluid and intimate.
“Thank you,” Sherlock replies softly, and when John looks, really
‘Well, that seems like a great alternative to lottery,’ you joke. ‘Any luck finding the culprit?’
He feels the tension slip away from Sherlock’s body as a contented sigh escapes his lungs. Warmth pools in John’s chest, bittersweet gratefulness for having the privilege of holding such a brilliant, mad, wonderful human being in his arms and of calling him his… best friend? his partner? Gradually, he allows his thoughts to melt into silence, his world to shrink down to the points of contact between him and his Sherlock as his body relaxes into their shared warmth, lulled towards sleep.
fish? The purchase was tediously easy to locate. Lestrade’s on the job as we speak.’
John waits, barely realizing he’s been holding his breath. He’s not sure why this matters so much to him. He knows who she is, what she is, what she’s done. Despite his willingness to come to Sherrinford, he’ll never be able to “get over” what happened, to accept her as a part of Sherlock’s family.
“Why?” Sherlock asks, looking at John questioningly.
‘How do you know these things?’
“John.”
Sherlock had jumped because he wanted to save his friends. His kindness, his self-sacrificing streak had been there even as John had left the lab at St Bart’s, calling him a machine.
Neither of these things happen.
Sometimes, he finds small animals and brings them back home, to the attic. One time, Mycroft found him taking a lizard apart and even though he’d feigned disgust, Sherlock had known that he was interested. They started doing dissections together and, unlike most things that include Mycroft, this felt… nice, as if they fit together well, like two different sides of a coin.
‘Sherlock!’ Mycroft shoves him back and picks up the book. Sherlock is only short of landing on his back, and his brother’s sharp look tells him that he wouldn’t have minded, not at all.
“Yes,” Sherlock answers immediately, as if John’s words had shaken him out of his stupor. He takes a step forward and wraps his long arms around John as he did before: one hand on the back of his neck, another one heavy and warm on his back. John’s breath hitches at the contact, his muscle memory leading him back to the first time he’d felt these touches. He’d tried not to think about it, then, and he’d forced himself to stay still even as a part of him despaired for more.
Using the last of his brainpower, he calls his neighbor, the kind, sharp elderly lady who’s been his safety net for Rosie ever since Mary’s death, and explains things to her in as few words as possible. Even though he thanks her and apologizes once again for the short notice, the edge in her voice is unmistakable. John postpones feeling guilty. He’d just witnessed a suicide, four murders and a revelation. He’d (barely) missed his meeting with death at the bottom of a well in the middle of nowhere. If anything, his parenting skills have nowhere to go than up from here.
He feels empty, as if someone has demolished a part of himself and ran away with it, leaving him sharp and clueless in the bitter company of his increasingly troubled mind.
“You’re teasing me,” he murmurs, sliding his hands down to grip John’s arse and holding firmly as he’s rolling his hips in slow, undulating movements. “I love it. Don’t stop.”
“Good. You’re human. I was beginning to have doubts again,” Sherlock replies on a quiet, almost whispered voice, but there is also a lightness in his tone, an invitation to play, to let go.
You keep rewinding memories, opening all these doors from your palace to let the feeling slide out so only the unfolding scenes remain, bland and colourless, devoid of any emotion. You can’t do it. Your longing is like an entity of its own, wolfing down your resources, constantly feeding on his absence. You move his chair out of the way. You consider moving places, then you spend an entire afternoon sulking at your own absurdity. You feel just like before- the loss, the refractory period, inertia gnawing at your bones and making it seem to last forever. It won’t, you repeat to yourself. Nothing ever does.
‘No. No, they don’t,’ he replies, looking at you. ‘My heart was always in the right place, since the day I saw you. There are some things that never change.’
Sherlock doesn’t reply. Instead, he gets up to arrange some of the books he’d found in the cardboard box, stacking them neatly on the top shelf near the window. He’s still not using any classification system; with his eidetic memory, John doubts he’d need it. “I don’t know how to do this, John. This…isn’t easy for me. I thought it could be, for a moment, but as you saw back there, it’s really not.”
He doesn’t believe in fortune or in faith, but he remembers words about how the world works in perfect order, always identical with itself, always falling into place. After many years, he feels like he found something that he wasn’t even looking for. A long-lost friend and lover that he forgot how to miss, because they were always part of him. A phantom limb. A childhood memory. The voice inside his head, the moments of eerie quiet before the storm.
’ He slurs your name and this time, you can’t hold back a smile.
You can’t help but laugh affectionately, remembering body parts, something different every day. Like the daily news- fairy macabre, but far more proximal. The incident probably primes something nostalgic huddled in your chest, because otherwise you would watch your next words more carefully.
Sherlock. How I’ve always been yours, since the day I laid my eyes on you.”
“Bit different from my day,” John explains, cocking his head slightly, “but… good. Very good.”
The kitchen table, where the sunlight falls in the morning through the checkered pattern of the window gate. You had her here once, in your second day after moving in. The sink, where you would fight about who’d do the dishes. The tiny room upstairs, used as a deposit room, but soon to become your first child’s bedroom.
And he did.
He stops midway, finally grasping the reason why his heart is still beating wildly in his chest, even if Sherlock is safe now.
After the violent rush subsides you become aware of all the points of contact between you, of how much you’ve missed this closeness that lights you up no matter if it’s a supernova explosion or a quiet star imploding. It morphs more into the latter now, when you stop once in a while to look in each other’s eyes, guessing more than seeing, taking your time for a gentleness that you haven’t allowed yourselves before.
at the same time. John tangles his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, pulling roughly as he bites his lower lip.
“I’d rather not.” He gets up, placing the blankets back on the sofa with more meticulosity than the situation would require.
Then there’s Stephanie, the paramedic, and Loraine, her best friend. Half of year. It passes like a dream, the time you spend with them, like there’s a radio show running and you’re somewhere in the background, not transmitting, not hearing anything but steady, comfortable noise. Like you’re missing out on something, but you couldn’t care less, because there is no home more welcoming than oblivion.
- and you start coming to your senses. Panic swells in your chest.
and I claim no one's abandonment.
John doesn’t answer.
It feels a little like a shifting dream, too good to be true for more than a passing heartbeat. It’s probably why the words cascade out of John with dizzying speed, as if one more second might mean one more lost opportunity.
Taking Sherlock to bed might be the most dangerous thing he’s ever done, so it’s no wonder that his body reacts as if he’s going to war: rapid breathing, mercurial heartbeat, the very air hitting his skin turned into a full sensory experience as Sherlock leads the way towards their apartment. As soon as John closes the door behind him, Sherlock is on him again, kissing hard enough to bruise.
“Yeah,” he says, taking a deep breath- a white flag, a victory-, relief and exhaustion washing over him as he sinks into the armchair once again. “I guess not.”
He takes Sherlock’s hands in his own, kisses his knuckles one by one, then brushes his lips on the inside of his palm. God, this feels amazing as well. They could’ve kept claiming each other fast and hard, squeezing years of longing in the (apparently) insignificant space of a few minutes, but this.
I get dizzy from routine and expect the void to fuck me with a boom,
‘No, I suppose it doesn’t.’
John gives him drawings. At home, he keeps them in a cupboard that he never opens.
‘See you around, John,’ he smirks. Do you seriously spend your nights awake because of this git? You laugh quietly to yourself and head for home.
yet wanting more.
“You’ve really taken a liking to her,” he says.
An emotionally immature, sociopathic murderer who killed Sherlock’s childhood best friend and would have done the same to him, out of jealousy? It still sends a chill down John’s spine to think about her. But Sherlock is offering something more than he lets on, here, and John wants.
, you think, then kiss him again.
When they get back, Sherlock moves the desk so it faces the room, while John watches him in disbelief. Sherlock sits on the bed.
He leans in to leave a trail of open-mouthed kisses on Sherlock’s neck, on his shoulder, on his collarbone, taut skin pliant under his tongue as he gets closer to Sherlock’s heartbeat. He wants to taste it. Elevated pulse, insane rhythm, Sherlock’s hands raking through his hair as John circles his nipple with his tongue and then opens his mouth around it, biting softly.
‘John,’ he says, and that moment is everything.
‘I wanna fuck your pretty little mouth. That sounds good, hm? Want you to feel me in the back of your throat and choke on it
“In the time when I dismantled Moriarty’s network,” he starts slowly, sounding like he’s picking every word with the utmost care, “I… couldn’t get high. Obviously. But it was…” He stops, as if reconsidering his words, rewriting them. “What I never told you, John, about that day on the rooftop is that there was a sniper for each of you. You, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade. Moriarty made me choose between your death and mine. I had several plans laid out, but none of them involved you knowing. I didn’t think it would affect you as it did, I thought… you would just get on with your life, wait for me and welcome me back whenever I came.”
‘I thought I told you,’ he says on a raspy voice, then clears his throat. ‘I thought I told you to leave me alone.’
John nods shortly.
As summers pass, the spark in John’s eyes shapes into something else entirely. Sherlock finds himself thinking again, and the once silent moments of pencil-on-paper lose their calm and become unbearable. The air turns thicker. In those moments, they rarely look in each other’s eyes anymore.
They walk in silence towards the flat, which happens to be in the same direction as John’s tube station. John can’t measure the air between them, doesn’t know how to take its pulse anymore after their earlier embrace. Something has shifted, but he’s not sure what. He’s used to crossing lines all the time, taking risks,
‘Why’d you…’
They’ve reached the flat. Sherlock has been looking at him the whole time. Deducing. John doesn’t want to know his conclusions. He feels raw, exposed, weary and strangely relieved. Mary has been gone for hours.
(Everything that is not straight roads, confining lines, known locations. Everything that is worth it.)
Whoever came up with the little scenario in the field, they didn’t want you. They were playing sentiment. They wanted John, or perhaps…
“Don’t thank me, you git,” John huffs. “I put you in the hospital, then you almost died because I somehow decided it was time to throw away years of friendship. Because I was hurt- as if you weren’t. I didn’t
‘What was what?’ he asks, furrowing his eyebrows.
‘But I know someone who will,’ you smile, taking him out of his jeans. You love seeing him like this, gripping the sheets, making half-noises as you lick torturously slow up to the tip, with his hands in your hair but restraining himself from pulling. He’s talking, saying your name between broken syllables, holding your gaze for a while then looking away like he’s been burned, and it’s all so very John, confusion and quiet determination, that you want to tease him for hours, really make him beg just to see him like this.
‘No one. We both knew we all would’ve died no matter what my choice was, so it has no relevance.’
`I.. It’s none of your business,’ he decides, chin pointed upward and voice trying to sound secure, so Sherlock just takes the paper before John can protect it and holds it high in his hand, so the shorter boy can’t reach it.
It feels like lightning after soft rain, intensified by the way Sherlock looks at him through half-dropped eyelids. Intoxicated. Thirsty.
Usually, he only gets the disbelief.
“Good,” Mycroft replies, then pauses. He says the next words deliberately, as if he’d thought of them for a long time. “Even though the circumstances leading to it have been most unfortunate… I am happy. He needs you, John.”
He freezes when he feels hard, calloused skin forming rough lines where softness should be.
The owner- middle-aged, seeking a quiet life, but obviously not quiet enough to completely cut himself off from civilization, hence the chosen location. Most probably male, since women hardly dedicated themselves to such a steep life. Sherlock had scowled- not enough data. Extensive research needed. The bed was worn out, frequently used. Not an occasional residence, but a permanent one. No objects left behind. No intention to return.
I don't know where I start and where I begin.
You know what he wanted to say.
Part of you misses him like hell. Part of you would jump to hug him if you saw him right now, but luckily, that part is quieted down by shock. You didn’t really think he’d stay away forever, did you?
and fuck myself dry.
‘Mh-hmmmmm,’ you hum, trying to ignore the hardness in your pants, the way you’re going mad with the desire to feel him in your throat.
The sight of Sherlock’s hard length visible through his pants, with the mark of his arousal obvious in the wet spot forming there, turns him on as much as he’d imagined it would, despite years of trying to pretend otherwise. What arouses him even more, though, is the way Sherlock is keeping his hands where John left them as he opens his legs fractionally wider- an invitation, a challenge. His dark, lust-addled gaze never leaves John’s.
“So,” John starts, sensing a good moment to break the silence between them.  It still doesn’t feel natural, the two of them in their armchairs, sipping tea as if it’s just another dull, lovely, danger-could-step-through-our-door-at-any-time day, but it’s more than John had expected. “How’s it going?”
‘The landlady, of course,’ he starts. ‘Classic chambermaid romance. She killed her landlord because she was in love with his wife. She wanted to protect her from him. He was becoming more and more abusive, isn’t that so?’
The world goes still: vicious earthquake against a volcano erupting in slow motion, now half-silent with the aftershocks before their bodies sag against each other, melded together by skin and sweat and come. Breaths ghosting on neck or shoulder or lips. John’s mind has gone pleasantly hazy.
for her, not anymore, not since…
“It’s about my dad.” Sherlock’s expression doesn’t change, so John feels encouraged (well, not discouraged, at least) to continue. “I know how this sounds, and this is precisely why I avoid talking about it. I don't fancy myself a victim of my childhood.”
‘Not purpose. Order. I think the world is beautifully crafted, a mechanism where every part plays its role. I suppose you could call it purpose, thought that’s not really what it comes down to, is it?’
‘I don’t believe in statistics,’ she smiles. ‘It will happen when it happens.’
Today, the front door is slightly open. He enters, making as little noise as possible.
“Of course you are, but you’re having a panic attack, yes?” John replies, his voice even as a part of him is secretly amused (and charmed) by Sherlock’s eternal stubbornness when faced with the unknown. “You need to control your breathing, activate your parasympathetic nervous system so your body stops feeling like it’s under threat,” he says, hoping that the explanation will appeal to as much of Sherlock’s rational side as he can access right now.
John startles and pulls away instantly, putting distance between their heaving bodies. His skin immediately registers the lack of Sherlock as
“Mmm,” Sherlock hums. “Don’t mind. Touching is…”
‘Why did you bring me along for this specific case? Are you making fun of me?’
- that there’s a place carved out in this world for you, that there’s a space where you’re appreciated and loved, and not by anyone, but by the man you hold the dearest. You wouldn’t have dared to think about this. You didn’t believe that it was a possibility that could bloom into concrete.
You avoid looking at people who remind you of him. A blasphemous thought, a persistent shadow that you can always see in the corner of your eye, yet never choose to mind.
John is petrified and exhilarated by the sudden realization that
“Public transportation is boring,” Sherlock replies with a shrug.
John holds him and holds him and holds him through it, hoping it’s enough for his body to relearn the feeling of safety.
Sherlock’s gaze is open, vulnerable. He doesn’t seem to make any efforts to disguise his fading panic, his weariness, his affection. John allows himself to think of how, in different circumstances, Sherlock would be exactly the type of person to wear his heart on his sleeve- entirely, whole-heartedly human, unafraid to show his kindness. He would be? He is. John looks back, finally feeling that this, here, is real; that in his own broken, fucked-up way, maybe he still has something to offer, and he is willing to do so if Sherlock wants it.
Sherlock would feel flattered, but he is not sure he knows how to.
, you don’t have a room for him. He’s an undercurrent, an accent that tints all your memories bright and alive with both lust for life and quiet heartache. You find him in the silent retreat of the attic in your old mansion, where you used to play as a child, in the interludes between the other kids’ insults and derision, in the bright rush of cocaine, in the comfort of dreamless sleep. Here, in the empty halls of your palace, he is the canvas where your life bursts into colour.
Sherlock blinks.
He doesn’t know how much of it is growing up with open eyes to the moments that make life great, and how much of it is John, but he does have a hunch about it.
John sinks into the hug, wrapping his left arm around Sherlock while he’s holding Rosie with his right. He allows himself to feel every ounce of comfort and safety that the moment offers- the three of them, alive against all odds.
Sherlock returns to his chair.
He shouts Victor’s name more than once. He shouts John’s name as well, and sometimes whispers it in the crook of his neck.
I wanted nothing from the beginning,
“Your turn,” Sherlock rasps between kisses. “Tell me.”
“Mmmaybe.”
His life is splintered in summers and not-summers, and the rhythmic noise of the train is the crossing line between real life and something entirely different, something that he would like to steal and hide in his pocket as a cure for bad days.
, as oblivious to himself as you are now; it’s almost too much information to process, his hands mouth body on you the way he grinds against you
It happens the next day, then the day after. On the fourth night, John is startled awake by a shout coming from the living room. He jumps out of bed in a flash, his amygdala sending instant messages to his body, danger,
To know you as treasure, I’d steal it all.
You climb the stairs, keeping your voices low.
The boy steps back, watching him with a mixture of amazement and disbelief. Sherlock feels somewhat flattered.
“Do you dare imply that I’m boring?” John protests, trying (and failing) to hide his smile.
‘It’s only teasing if I know what you want and I deny it to you,’ you say. ‘What do you want, John?’
He found little to do there, and eventually stopped going altogether. He would make his dissections there sometimes, but the attic was a far more risky and thus interesting place for such activities. In the end, he resumed to only visiting the deserted house at the beginning of every summer, to see if anything had changed.
‘Sherlock, I…’
They are old enough to notice, but young enough to pretend it’s not there. John stops asking Sherlock to pose for him, and Sherlock doesn’t mention it again.
‘Ha ha, very funny, Sherlock.’
Enjoy!
He opens up, still wearing his pajamas even though it’s midday. There are dark circles under his eyes, a blank expression greeting you from another world. You think you’re letting pity slip out through your mask, even though you wish you wouldn’t.
‘Draw me.’
‘Changes of heart. They happen,’ you say.
already, all at the same time.
‘Do what?’
“You,” Sherlock exhales. “I want to feel you.” His cheeks and his neck are impossibly flushed and when he opens his eyes to meet John’s with pointed, clear-cut desire, something inside of John
“Mm, well. It’s not Christmas every day, John.”
He goes to John’s house and instead of John, he finds a young couple picking cherries together. They laugh. Sherlock feels betrayed. Hateful.
A knock on the door; mrs Hudson is asleep and you usually don’t bother to answer the door, but it might be a promising case and you need that now more than ever. Instead of a client, though, you’re faced with a dizzy-looking John leaning against the doorway.
“I think my best friend might be in love with me.”
`Exploring,’ Sherlock replies naturally.
a fool's parade.
“Unless the cabbie wants to kill you.”
God, it’s amazing to feel this alive again. John’s body is still buzzing with excitement and relief, joined by an insidious, honeyed light-headedness. For a moment, he can see Sherlock’s face in high definition, colours vibrant in the dim hallway. Whirling specks of dust look strangely pristine in the light coming through the front door. John lets his eyelids fall and rests his head on the wall behind him, letting out a slow exhale between his parted lips.
‘Wait,’ you tell him twenty minutes later, still alive, heading for home in a trance. It’s evening and the alley is hidden enough; people shouldn’t talk. There’s tension buzzing through your veins, high-strung and electrifying, a swan song to this waiting game you’ve been playing for years. He looks at you; for a second, there’s confusion and disbelief, but it only takes him another blink of the eye to catch on. It’s not like you don’t always look at him like that, but now it’s focused, condensed, your longing with a life of its own; he knows the physiological signs, he can tell.
“Mmm… literally, no. You know me, I’m too careful for that. Metaphorically? Yes, but it wouldn’t be the first time.”
“I heard you,” Sherlock says, a little sadly, and John’s heart swells with affection, regret and something indescribably different, hot and cold and hot all over as the world spirals in and is simmered down to the wet points of contact between them.
He falters, looking down in a way that’s entirely too demure for his current predicament.
The fact that Sherlock is a man is relevant and, at the same time, completely inconsequential. John has never wanted to fuck someone’s mind as badly as he’s wanted it with Sherlock since the beginning of them, his gender an afterthought.
She leaves you after two months. You read about it on her blog, how she managed to cross ‘being with someone famous’ off her to-do list, right after ‘kissing in Paris’ and before ‘flying a parachute’. You laugh quietly. You don’t feel bitter at all. She was good for you while it lasted.
Sherlock stares, blinking into the half-obscurity of the living room, his normally tamed curls sticking out in all directions. An ambulance siren is wailing distantly on the streets below.
They keep each other's gaze for a brief moment before Sherlock speaks.
‘Of course,’ he replies. ‘All the clues were there. But I wouldn’t have deduced it so easily if you hadn’t taught me…’ He falters, looking away.
‘John,’ you say.
This must look funny from the outside, Sherlock thinks.
The few points of contact between them are neon-bright radiance. John’s hands in Sherlock’s hair, his breath on Sherlock’s neck, the naked skin of their thighs against each other, their cocks almost touching- for John, it’s not nearly enough, but underneath him, Sherlock’s breath hitches and his body tenses up. He hits his head on the back of the armchair with a thump as his hands wander, desperate, on John’s neck, shoulders, settling in a vice-like grip on his back.
You wish you could delete him sometimes, you really do. But that would mean losing the very foundation of your life, and you’re afraid it would all crumble to dust if he were to disappear. And besides that, why would you give up on the best thing that’s ever happened to you?
‘Family tradition, I suppose,’ Mycroft replies, and his lips curl into a malicious smile. ‘Not that you would know.’
“Other times,” he says, surprised at how rough his voice sounds, “I imagine pinning your hands above your head as I bottom out inside you. Feel your whole body pulled taut as a string as I start moving, fucking the tension away. Showing you everything.
And this, John thinks as he slips his fingers through Sherlock’s one more time, is exactly who they are.
“Jesus,” John gasps, baring his neck instinctively. “Yes, you’re my first, thank God for that pleasure.”
“Nonsense, John,” Sherlock replies. He’s aiming for dismissive, but he ends up sounding breathless instead. “You’re ravenous about 70% of the time, if we account for your insatiable appetite even in the middle of the most complex cases. Clearly, your appetite extends beyond the stimulus of my body.” His breath hitches just a little on the last word, in time with a particularly insistent press of John’s thumb.
‘And you somehow knew of this analogy before you even started working on the case?’ you ask, smiling.
‘Good girl,’ he tells her, smiling sadly. To your surprise, she smiles back; her lips, the blood on her chest, bright red signals, but you can’t look away from the point of contact where Sherlock’s fingers meet her forehead, a feather touch to soothe. There is something passing between them in this moment, like they have known each other for a very long time, like he is Mary’s Charon and they both know this is exactly how things are meant to be. A strange sense of quiet takes over you. For just a second, you feel enthralled, absorbed by these two people, your lovers, your beloved, the pillars that made and broke your life. Then you remember that your wife is dying in your arms, shot by your best friend-
‘Pardon me, who-‘
There is someone sitting at the desk, facing the window that opens towards the sunset. A young boy. Short. Blond-haired. Too absorbed in what he’s doing to notice that someone else is there.
When Sherlock leans in to plant a kiss on the corner of his mouth, he can’t contain a laugh escaping his throat, pure, ridiculous joy running through his veins. He feels giddy like a teenager.
“Yes,” Sherlock says in a small voice. “Of course I have, John.” He looks vulnerable again, like someone
‘Yes. But they don’t work.’
‘Bed, now,’ he growls, probably in response to the sound you just made- you’re not sure. You take his hand and lead him to your bedroom, try to slow things down, kneel between his legs- he looks down at you like you’ve just hit him in the face, and you can’t hold back a smirk.
John looks up at him. He’s wearing that expression of bewilderment and eagerness, wide eyes scrutinizing John as if expecting to find the opposite of his words somewhere in the angle of his brow or the crease of his shirt. John feels a pang of affection and looks down as he sets the kettle to boil.
Sherlock sleeps for fifteen hours straight, even as Rosie wakes up and starts crying, her shrill voice loud enough to wake an entire regiment. Even as John opens the window, letting some fresh air in alongside the noise of mid-day London, Sherlock’s eyes stay closed, his body curled into a fetal position as much as the sofa allows him.
‘Too early?’ you ask, shuffling awkwardly on your feet. Your hands are clasped tight at your back. There is no danger of them straying out.
Later on, when they’re back at John’s place and Rosie is fast asleep, John takes his time, sliding the tips of his fingers down the scarred skin of Sherlock’s back and tracing the lines there one by one. Sherlock shudders beneath his hands, perhaps from the intimacy of the touch, perhaps from the cold breeze coming in from the open window, a snapshot of their favourite kind of London: cold, murky and full with the promise of what lies in the shadows.
The hair on the nape of John’s neck rises when they enter the building, the clinical, unyielding appearance of the place mixing with his less-than-pleasant memories and settling as a cold weight at the bottom of his stomach. When Sherlock takes his hand without much fanfare, John resists a minute impulse of pulling away.
But you just can’t get that thought to make a home into your heart. ‘Perhaps it would be better if we didn’t see each other anymore.’
When they enter the cell- neon lights and empty walls, white over white- Eurus’ eyes immediately settle on John and on the place where his hand meets Sherlock’s. A cold chill runs down John’s spine at that look. Detached, clinical, a (mad) scientist’s perspective. He wouldn’t mind as much if it wasn’t directed towards
“Nevermind. You’ve deduced it already, probably years ago,” John says. For a second, he feels like a fool for wanting to share his secrets with someone who’s mapped them all out from the first day they’d met.
Sherlock works on John’s upper buttons with deft fingers and undeterred concentration. His breathing pattern changes slightly with every new patch of skin revealed the fact of his trembling fingers only adds to the intimacy. John sighs when Sherlock brushes them over his chest, dipping down to kiss the skin there.
It feels like the most intimate thing they’ve ever done- Sherlock on the edge of John’s bed, taking off his shirt to replace it with a dry one while John slides under the blanket, turning on his side. Sherlock lying down, first on his back, then on his side to face John. There’s so much space they could occupy separately, yet they choose to look at each other, heads resting on their arms, toes almost touching.
There’s nothing shy or tentative about it; you meet halfway like storms colliding. You kiss him like there’s no air left in the world and you need him to breathe, one hand resting on the nape of his neck,
‘Yeah? Don’t like what you see?’ he laughs, his hand lingering on your neck. ‘You can talk to me, Sherlock,’ he adds on a more serious tone, trying to catch your eyes.
So, beyond the remains of whatever self-preservation instinct he had in the first place, he looks back.
`What are you drawing?’
“How do people look at each other, John?”
A summer later, John kisses him hard, eyes lit and one hand possessively on the back of his neck, as if he had been waiting to do it for ages.
‘There is nothing to do in this house. Why do they insist on bringing us here?’ Sherlock starts pacing through the room, searching for a distraction.
“Of course,” Mycroft replies with a honeyed smile, closing the door behind him.
Greg would want to film this.
He clears his throat, looks down into his teacup, now half-empty.
The boy watches him with unsettled, yet intent eyes. Most probably, he is trying to decide if he can trust the unexpected stranger.
You dream of biting his lips bloody, holding those narrow hips as you crowd him against the wall back at Baker Street, rubbing against him with no mercy and letting your fury transpire through the way you pull his hair, the way you kiss into him like you’re burning Rome down. You’re his forbidden city, the one he destroyed and reconstructed, walking the streets like a king in search for his fool, but none of it matters now, when he’s lying bare beneath you and you’ve broken his pretty voice into adoring you. These nights, you wake up sweaty in an empty bed, with blurred lines between dream and imagination. You get off thinking of his lips around your cock.
‘Didn’t you delete poetry? I thought you believed that it was useless,’ he says, smiling.
Sherlock knows exactly what to do with his hands, one wrapped around their cocks and the other one at the nape of John’s neck, holding, affirming. They’re building up towards a vicious rhythm that has them rutting against each other and alternating between uncoordinated, dirty kisses and simply gasping for air, the heat between them too little and too much and
He knows Sherlock isn’t talking about Eurus.
John laughs before she finishes her sentence, a steady wave of bitterness coursing through his veins, a soldier’s retreat. He feels his entire body getting ready for flight: rapid heartbeat, shallow breathing, muscles contracting. Ready to run. Not ready to fight back. In less than a second, he’s already planted his palms on the arms of his chair, body half-way towards sitting up.
It devours itself beneath cold skin,
‘I don’t…want…to talk,’ you say, still not looking at him. You can’t believe it, you
‘Thank you,’ the girl smiles at Sherlock, failing to realize that this was never about her.
They haven’t talked about their relationship with Mycroft and with Sherlock’s parents, the three people who are now walking behind them on the long hallways of Sherrinford, and the thought of that particular conversation still unnerves John. But- his brain usefully supplies- if walking hand in hand to see the person who fucked up Sherlock’s life is what Sherlock needs, John is ready to provide.
“It might not be,” John says, surprising himself. “Look at all of this,” he continues. Sherlock looks pointedly at him, then lets his gaze wander across the room. It still looks like a battlefield: dusty floors and shelves, books that Sherlock didn’t want to throw out even though they were almost unreadable because of the damage, piles of old things and new things and, beyond all of it, an emptiness waiting to collect her rent and to be given form again. “Some things take time to rebuild, after the shock. You were her shock. Now maybe you’re helping her rebuild, as much as it’s possible. Even if that might not be as much as you’d want.”
“What are you doing?”
Do you understand my solid desire for nothing?
John pulls back and looks at him. He looks turned on and adoring and ashamed at the same time, and Sherlock wonders how could he have ever considered him ordinary.
‘Oh.’
“Come here,” John says on a low, casual voice before he can think better of it. It sounds playful and inviting, even to his own ears. The disparity of it strikes him, but only for a second: he’s using his bedroom voice on
‘Yeah?’ you raise your eyebrow. ‘So, what am I thinking about now?’ You’re inside the apartment now. Sherlock lights up the lamp on the table, a tender light that gives the same atmosphere of intimacy that you’ve been used to, as if nothing’s changed. It doesn’t feel right, being here, in this place that you’ve tried to deny with all your being for the last months. It doesn’t feel right, precisely because it does.
‘I want you,’ he articulates slowly, hours later, when everything has quieted down,‘to leave me alone. Now. And forever. Stay away from me, Sherlock, do you understand?’ He sounds determined, but his eyes tell a different story.
“What you needed to do? What you
The way you turned around and kicked the remote and the gun right out of the thug’s hands- you couldn’t have anticipated it, it was acting on pure preservation instinct, your sympathetic nervous system struggling to find a fast solution to save yourself, to save
But somehow, that only makes it worse.
he means. You sure as hell hope he’s got a better plan, because the thug’s holding the remote in his hand and you know he can kill the three of you with one press of a button, and frankly, this is not how you’d always wanted to die.
John looks at you with an empty expression. He’s crying, but probably doesn’t realize it, and it’s like his sadness is crawling out of the cavity of his chest and into yours, only to add to the whirlwind. You sit like this for a while, with Mary in his arms and you in his eyes. He must want to know what happened, why did she want to shoot him. You’re tempted to pity him, poor John, always caught in between, always with his heart in dangerous places, but you know that you can’t love and pity someone at the same time.
‘I know. Goodbye, John.’
you anything to thank me for.” John feels moisture gathering in the corners of his eyes, entirely unwelcome. He doesn’t want to cry in front of Sherlock, not again. He swallows, wipes at his eyes, squares his shoulders. Looks up.
? It feels like entirely too much.
“Look, just listen to me. What I did back there, it wasn’t good. I should’ve never… hit you like that. Yes, I was angry. Yes, I was scared.” He meets Sherlock’s wide-eyed look. “I was scared, Sherlock, because for a moment, I thought we were doing… that thing again. That thing where you tell me that it’s all a lie, a game, then you disappear for two years making me think you’re dead.”
John understands Mycroft’s implied promise when he shows up at his doorstep a couple of days after their phone conversation, right when John is leaving to work.
“But that’s my problem, not yours.” Sherlock’s fingertips are ghosting on his neck, his lips, the scar on his shoulder. Teasing, caressing. This is like a drug for Sherlock? John can work with that. He can definitely, whole-heartedly work with that. “I like
After weeks of late-night chaste embraces, the change of pace is electrifying. Although John has been surrounded by Sherlock’s scent night by night, he feels as if this is the first time he’s awakened to it. When he leans in to taste it, pressing his tongue where Sherlock’s pulse point is hammering away, the detective rests his head against the wall, slightly tilted to offer him a better angle.
“Do you think she’ll come around? If you keep going?”
John’s brain provides him, entirely inappropriate, with the memory of his stag night. The proximity, the comfortable oblivion. The warmth in his chest (and in various other areas of his body), his hand on Sherlock’s knee. He- absurdly- feels like laughing. It wouldn’t be a pleasant sound, so he keeps quiet.
You meet a few days after, on a rainy morning in Tesco. Something warm pools in your chest when you see Sherlock trying to find the right brand of milk, something like nostalgia, something like the world gone wrong. You’ve had trouble not thinking about it since you crashed on Baker Street, because that must mean something, right? People make mistakes, but you’ve spent enough time with Sherlock to know that they’re rarely arbitrary.
‘Shouldn’t have what?’ You’re standing in front of each other now, almost touching. Neither of you look away.
“There wasn’t a single day during those two years when I didn’t think about you. I thought I was craving a hit, but I was missing you.” A shudder runs down John's spine at the words as he feels Sherlock’s voice vibrating in his chest and echoing in his own, a low, heady rumble. This is it, he supposes; the point of no return. “That doesn't mean you need to save me, or always be the sober one. It just means I'll always prefer a life with you than without.”
‘That’s the one,’ you say, handing him the milk that you always used to buy for the two of you. ‘Forgot already?’
“Yes,” he replies.
. The routine of work and home life, all predictable patterns and worn-out evenings when nothing happens except the two of you. And it’s nice, it’s what you wanted. You love this woman, and sometimes you think you could even die for her. The problem is, you’re not sure you want to
John vaguely registers that his hands are trembling. An incandescent mix of anger, protectiveness and desire takes over him, climbing from the base of his spine to the shaky tips of his fingers and turning his brain into a precise, perfectly tuned mechanism with one single purpose:
Today, though, he is not in the mood. He walks in the fading sun, air cooled down by the approach of sunset. The train has left him feeling oddly calm, and even though his mind is far from being silent, his thoughts are tamer than usual.
You can save, but can you solve me?
Sherlock finally decides on a medium-sized porcelain statue of a plump angel with his arms crossed. He picks it up and throws it at Mycroft. He runs out of the room, but he can still hear his brother’s huffed breath of relief and his revolted call. Sherlock smiles. It’s what he deserves for soon being old enough not to be forced to come here every summer, anyway.
John learns how to make dissections and even though he is slower than Mycroft, he’s very perceptive.
‘Mmmm.’ He makes a sound of displeasure. ‘Don’t wanna. You miss me?’
He registers himself letting a deep breath out at the contact. For how long had this need been lodging inside his chest, dying to come out? It’s different from their hug from a few weeks before, when John had grieved and Sherlock had offered and offered. Grief and fear, replaced by curiosity and the warm bloom of affection. John rests his head somewhere between Sherlock’s shoulder and chest, inhaling the mixed scent of cigarette smoke and black pepper shower gel and
"Well, that’s not entirely accurate,” Sherlock intervenes. He seems, and probably is, entirely unaware of the chaos that his words had unleashed inside John. “Part of the motivation was saving you, yes, but the other part was bringing Moriarty down once and for all, which hadn’t been possible if not for…”
would be laughable, a cheap plaster over the wounds that John has inflicted on him time and time again.
“Yes, he is,” John replies, straightening a little in his office chair. It’s not usual for Mycroft to call him directly instead of showing off the many ways in which he has control over the British world, so John supposes that something has changed. Not much hasn’t, since Sherrinford. “You probably know that we’ve started rebuilding the flat. He’s… keeping busy. Still shaken, but it gives him something to focus on.”
“Well, I’ve got Rosie…”
‘So, which one’s it gonna be?’ he asks. The field is barren, now deserted even by the last light of the sunset, making you feel of far too little significance to be holding two lives in the palms of your hands. Sherlock and Mary are tied to posts: Sherlock to the right, Mary to the left. They’re sedated, but conscious enough to be aware of what’s happening. You want to go to both of them, tell them that it’s going to be alright, that as usual, you have no idea what’s happening, but that you’ll figure a way out, because that’s how it must always happen. The problem is, you don’t really believe in that anymore. ‘You save your wife, your friend dies. You save him, she dies,’ he grins.
‘Go on what?’ the boy asks, perplexed.
“Of course you don't.” Sherlock's voice is reassuringly even.
“So I’m your first, then,” Sherlock purrs, leaning in to lick a stripe on John’s neck, in imitation of what he’d received in the hallway- fuck, that feels absolutely perfect - and arriving just on time to speak the words in his low, velvety, fucking
There’s the human variable involved here, not him, but you, and somewhere in the back of your mind you’re aware of all the ways in which you might be distorting the situation, but sentiment blurs clear thought, makes your mind unfocus.
John’s eyes crinkle at the corners as he watches Sherlock dashing around the room with Rosie in his arms, showing her every little (new, strange, fascinating) detail as Mrs. Hudson looks on from the doorway. John puts an arm around her when he notices her watery eyes; she excuses herself, saying something about sentimentalism and old age, but John only smiles wider, the warmth in his chest telling him that this is less about being dramatic and more about seeing someone they love finally, gloriously happy.
He sighs into Sherlock’s mouth, the sense of
‘C’mon, let’s get you upstairs.’ You manage to drag him to his old bedroom- you’ve thought about finding a new flatmate, but why would you want a flatmate who isn’t John?- so the room’s how he left it, except empty of all the things that made it his, the things that could remind you of his presence. You sit on his bed until he falls asleep, carefully avoiding any part of him that might touch any part of you, especially his hand that keeps reaching out, searching. You tell him that you’re gonna call Mary. He mumbles himself to sleep, repeating your name at least four times in the process, and your heart oscillates between fondness and exasperation, because he chose this for himself, he chose her, and there’s nothing you want more than his happiness.
He’s trying for indifference, but John’s not buying it for one second. Sherlock’s voice is trembling and… are his hands shaking? John takes two steps and he’s immediately at his side, hand on his shoulder as worry coils in his stomach where arousal had been just a minute ago.
He’d been hurt. A lot, it seems.
‘’Ello,’ he greets you. ‘Think I lost my keys, will you…’ He gestures vaguely towards the room. You open your mouth to be the Reasonable One once again- even though you know that you’ve long lost the right to that position- and remind him that Mary’s home, meaning that losing his keys in no way forfeits access to his own apartment, but he’s already in before you can say a word, making you realize a bit too late that what he said didn’t mean what he said at all.
‘Let me know when you find another case.’ You witness his eyes widening, perplexion painting his features, and for a moment you almost believe that he misses it all as much as you do. Soon enough, though, his expression turns from surprised to all-knowing once again, like he suddenly understands.
John only wants to picture it, to save it for bad days, because it triggers a pang of affection and a sense of rightness that he can’t explain, as if this portrait of domesticity is the manifestation of his wildest dreams, which he knows it isn’t. He had a family, a home, a life with Mary and he was unsatisfied, terminally bored, desperately needing an adrenaline fix. What would make it different now?
“Yes.”
“I promise you, Mycroft, it won’t happen again,” he says. “There are few things I regret more than that day, and I mean it when I say I will use the rest of my time with Sherlock to make up for it.”
“Stop that,” Sherlock says.
hungry fingers always reaching.
He’s standing where his sitting chair used to be, looking confused, like someone took all the furniture from his childhood room and turned it upside down.
John enters St. Bart’s with tired features and a limp in his leg. When he sees Sherlock, he freezes.
John wants to take him in his arms. He can’t.
. He rolls his hips up so their cocks meet, slowly, methodically.
He starts looking for danger, if only it could relieve the excruciating boredom, the routine of breathing , the monotony of staying alive.
‘It is always,’ he says, ‘going to be too early, Sherlock.’
All essentially, ridiculously Sherlock, a portrait of him from different, yet equally telling angles.
You’ve been to war. You know that these kinds of choices don’t leave a man whole no matter which path he singles out.
“Yes, well. She is your daughter,” Sherlock replies.
Then Harry’s voice, bold and broken:
“Yes,” comes the immediate reply. “Thank you. That was… unexpected,” Sherlock continues, sounding more like his usual self.  “Been a while since I had one of these.”
They spend most of their summer together, and when Mycroft is asking him where he is going, Sherlock feels embarrassingly proud for having acquired a secret, and with it, possibly a friend.
Summer is a kingdom and they are not allowed to take any souvenirs when they leave, except that Sherlock has more than he can count.
“God, I missed it,” Sherlock says, voicing John’s thoughts as they’re both catching their breaths. They’re back in the flat, leaning on the wall at the bottom of the stairs, the semi-obscurity in the hallway not enough to hide the giddiness on their faces. “A good old serial killer. Barely a 3, mind you, but I’ve been parched.”
‘I live nearby,’ he answers. Obvious. ‘You don’t live far from here either, judging by the mud on your shoes. You come from a middle class family. Your mother trims your hair herself. You keep your hands at your back, so you’re used to taking orders, but your eyes say passive-aggressive. Your family doesn’t approve of your interest in art, so you come here to draw. What they don’t know is that you don’t want to become an artist, but a doctor. Interesting. Why don’t you tell them?’
