“Did you do it?” Sam asked Gabriel, checking his ears for any bleeding.
“You’re hurting him—” Sam growled, distressed, as the scent of Dean’s agony washed over the room.
Thanksgiving was a small affair, with turkey sandwiches and cider under a thick blanket. Snowed in, they couldn’t make it to Bobby’s but made plans to spend Christmas together in Bloomington, which they thankfully did, tho Cas was keen on letting them know exactly how wrong the entire holiday was, to everybody’s chagrin.
“Angels of the Lord do not
Dean rolled his eyes, uncomfortable. “Yeah, yeah, I’ll try and be nice, not break him or whatever.”
“No.” Repeated Dean, a little more forcefully, and Cas paused before dropping his hand. Silence settled between them, slowly growing more and more uncomfortable as tension between them grew. Eventually, Dean asked. “How bad?”
. “Sam will still be in the cage. We
Walking into it, Dean quickly found it to be bigger than the first one they saw. Unlike the office, sunlight flooded the room though the bare windows, allowing them to see clouds of dust as they moved.
— “I’d think you were going soft, talking so much about
. We need the firepower, Chuckles.”
. "The hell happened?"
In the end, it was just Cas and Dean, sitting on their front steps as Bobby’s truck vanished into the tree line. “Ten bucks says Sammy’s gonna call just to yell at me.” Dean offered, cheek resting in soft golden tufts as Jack snoozed in his carrier sling, snug against his chest. Like his counterpart but far more strongly, Jack smelled of sunflowers and ozone. It was lively and comforting and Dean
“And why is that a surprise?” Snorted Dean, going back to work. “I built Cas’s dumb little bird house, didn’t I? I think I can do a crib.” He mumbled, almost defensive. Sure, he wasn’t a professional, but he could make
find him, then. Dean knew most roads in the US like the back of his hand: if he wanted to be gone, he’d be, and Cas would never know.
“Not a kink, then.” Dean snorted, moving on down the aisle.
Sure, he cried and whined – he
It seemingly had a single floor plan but a large window at the top suggested an attic, at least. The walls and the porch were made of dull red brick and light brown stones, though the foundations were made of wood. Good wood, Dean thought, carefully rapping his knuckles against one. Strong, durable. Obviously weathered but still respectable.
Releasing some of the tension in his shoulders, Dean glanced over Bobby’s shoulder at Cas, watching him inspect the concrete beneath his feet with quiet intensity to give them privacy. “What do you think?” Asked Dean, looking back at Bobby. “I mean, you gotta have an opinion, right?” He mumbled, uncomfortable but curious.
“About?”
?!” The omega sputtered, burying his fingers in his hair in bewilderment. “Dude– He’s months old! He can’t roll over,
Then, Cas was gone. Just— not there.
Castiel stared. “You slept for twelve hours.”
Standing before the third, Bobby huffed beside Cas’s wagon. “Realtor’s late.” He grunted, shoving his phone in his pocket, and pushing away from the car to meet the others by the sidewalk.
Castiel was torn. “Which is exactly why we should be looking for professional help.” He tried again. “Dean— You’re losing weight. You’re dehydrated. You have a fever.
“Dean—”
And at the epicenter were Dean and Cas, sprawled on top of each other, and a squealing little mess, crying loudly and with enough divine power to rattle Bobby’s teeth.
. Yet another sensation he had yet to grow used to, how his body kept betraying his thoughts and feelings.
“Then, how do you want to do this?” The omega asked. “I take the guest room?” Castiel nodded, apologetic. “Okay. Let me just grab a couple things.” Moving swiftly, Dean quickly gathered a few changes of clothes and other essentials. “Since I’m up early, I’ll fix us both some lunch for later, alright? Make sure to eat; you won’t feel very hungry but it’s important that you do.”
“I know why.” Cas clarified. “I just— Don’t know how to tell
Glancing at the mirror, Dean froze, looking back and staring at his reflection. Reaching up, he gingerly pressed the tips of his fingers to the absolute beast of a hickey Cas had left on his neck, right above his gland.
“I’m here, Dean. For the good and bad. I wish you didn’t have to hurt, though.” Frowning, Cas felt Dean’s heartrate slow down and his scent turn to normal as time passed. “Is it always this bad?”
“Even the sandstone tile for the bathroom and the stall—”
Trying to wrap his head around the info, Dean still had a jab to deliver. “I guess that’s valid, I mean, not like you’ve been touching me much these days for it to be a concern, right?” An exaggerated shrug. “Why should I be worried about scarring our unborn child by going down on you when it’s not happening?” If Cas could get any redder, he’d burst into flame.
Dean just wasn’t sure that was enough.
that beautiful soul with the perfect replica of the body that had once housed it. Eyeing it with growing hunger, Castiel could wager he had succeeded.
He couldn't see his face, like everything in the room, but his heart skipped a beat and he knew: he was his.
Cas pursed his lips. “A fair point.” He eventually conceded. Despite Dean’s apparent liveliness, he didn’t need to take on the other’s scent to realize how tired his mate was, either: Dean’s eyelids were dropping, and he was sagging into the cushions, freckles prominent on his reddened cheeks. With an easy move, Cas pulled the other’s legs into his lap. “You could have called me, Dean.”
Dean blinked, smile falling a little as self-doubt nagged him. “May I ask why?”
It was Dean.
Of course.
Sam's back. Dean has mixed feelings about it.
Preparing, Dean reached and held on to the cord dangling out of him, waiting. When the time came to push, he
, Castiel.” Kushiel crooned.
When his head spun, Dean gave up on getting up. Instead, he carefully laid back down and breathed slowly, willing the nausea to subside and his head to stop turning. It felt like a weird ass hangover, minus the headache, Dean mused. He knew what he could do to find relief, however, but the stubborn and
Pray for Bobby: he leaves two idiots alone for a while and comes back to their first family dinner to find a house on fire.
. Castiel easily ignored the urge tho, too sated and comfortable within Dean’s arms to try anything, and aware enough to recognize that that was not a decision to be made alone or without permission.
The child, the vessel, was
Dean, whose hands are rated E for Everyone: ง'̀-'́)ง
, Cas.” Giving Dean the items to hold, Castiel wrapped his arms around the other’s back and carefully stood, helping the blond stand on shaky legs. “Really?” Turning the articles in his hands, Dean eyed the green onesie with amused eyes. “This is the outfit you’re choosing for your son’s first moments on Earth?”
, hunched over, gripping his bleeding nose, and glaring
Jack is colicky.
and Jack is
, Cas was avoiding him.
“Dean.” And Cas squeezed the hands in his, stopping the other’s tirade. “
Rewind: Cas, a billion-year and then some old, became human, a little more than a week before. Before that, he had started to experience feelings, which led him to doubting his divine mission. Now that he was no longer just a wave of celestial intent, he was starting to be able to put names to those feelings. He mentioned caring for people, Dean included, but that the care he experienced for Dean was different than what he felt for others and he wanted to find out what it meant, with
. Billions of years and all of them, wasted, trying to uphold the integrity and righteousness of their mission, only to be proven wrong.
Castiel was already shaking his head, refusing to listen. “We
He had told Anna so. And she understood.
and he needed to be taken care of, he was living up to his designation and wasn’t that a bitch?
Castiel stared at it for a beat before he grabbed it and shoved it deep in the glove compartment. It shut with a sharp snap, crushing the shopping bag amidst trinkets and empty packages of granola.
“… What are you doing.”
Yet, Cas’s lips met his right cheekbone in another soft, tender kiss, only this time he lingered for a beat, nosing at his cheek before moving away.
In just under a year, he had lived more and found more purpose than in the entirety of his existence.
“No one ever asked.” Explained Cas, shrugging. “It wasn’t a secret, we just had a strictly professional relationship, or so I thought.” Poking at his pie, he looked sorry. “They said that if they had known, they would have asked you to accompany me. They want to meet you.”
. Dragged Sam out of Hell, too.” Gripping tighter, Chuck watched as the hold his power was keeping on Dean’s body began to bruise the human’s skin. “I should have found you sooner. Not remembering this hole in the middle of nowhere? That is on me. My mistake. But
And Lisa could be heard smiling again.
.” Castiel mumbled, inhaling deeply.
might give you shit about it.”
Waving the others over, Cas feigned ignorance. "I don't know what you mean." As Dean climbed in and prepared to hotwire the car, the angel reached inside. With a tap to the dashboard, the car was on. "I plan to give the car back. No need to butcher it." He huffed at Dean's look.
"Well," Drawled Dean, throwing his sweater over his shoulder and pulling at Cas's, quickly relieving him of it. "Good thing I'm planning on doing most of the work, then." At the other's confusion, he raised an eyebrow. "I'm gonna ride you."
Dean closed his eyes, letting his head fall back onto the back of the couch. He heard as Bobby laid a hand on the fabric, right beside his skull in silent companionship. “I take it that my absurdly long heat wasn’t natural.” He drawled, connecting dots.
Cas squinted. “Sandalphon.” He suggested. “After the protector of unborn children.” Dean stared. “What? It’s a good name. A
“Bobby?” Called Sam, alarmed at the noise.
Ah, Jack. You poor soul.
There was a loud crackling sound from the other side of the line before they could understand what Rufus was saying again
However, and just as he was about to stop the procedure, a
. Looking down, the omega lifted his gown and suppressed a groan at the sight that greeted him.
if he could see them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel grinned. “And where would be the fun in that?”
Fine for fun.
If you haven't noticed, I've created a series for this universe.
Castiel squinted, looking to correct him, but then there was a knock on the door and Bobby was walking in, a large box in his arms. “I got the pie!” Then he noticed. “
Still staring, Dean felt a wave of affection for the other. The only other person who had ever helped him get through a heat had been Bobby and it was just with a care package on his very first one, consisting of heat pads, painkillers and, to his younger self’s amusement, heaps of chocolate. Sam ate most of it. “Wow, that’s— Thank you, Cas.”
“You don’t even cook, Cas. I’m the one that’s going to be staring at that monstrosity every day.”
Dean looked away when the alpha reached his body, trying to block out the other man’s cries.
“We’re not done.” Dean claimed, watching Cas glare in that squinty way of his at the interruption.
“What? You thrashed so hard against what you thought was an omega
“What’s a sub-gender?”
Now, Cas sat in his car and held the small bag, sweating bullets as he struggled to understand
Dean looked at him. “What do you mean,
. I’d understand—"
“I can go to a motel. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable, Dean.”
Castiel floundered, getting nervous just watching Dean try to get through to him. “Uh,” He stammered. “As in, which ones are the most aesthetically pleasing?”
And because it wasn’t the first time Castiel had talked about it, Dean let out a loud groan of annoyance. “Cas, I’ve told you a hundred times. It’s
Opening his mouth, Sam fully intended to say something,
“Shut
.” He snorted. “Only classic back home is my coffee machine, dumbass.”
The moment he did, Castiel felt like screaming, panic bursting through him at the sight that greeted him.
Dean twisted, trying to look at the angel. “Cas—” He paused, gathering his thoughts. “Remember what Chuck once said? About you not being in the story?” Dean eventually asked. Castiel nodded. “I figure that if you weren’t— I’d probably be Michael’s puppet right now.”
“Which you said, and I quote,
“No, your eyes—” Cas squinted. “David?” Nothing. “Jacob?” And they glowed again. “Jacob!”
to time contractions between bouts of murmured Latin, as he fought to memorize the incantation in the little time they had left.
Before he could try to call again, Cas opened his eyes and swiveled around to look directly at him. He seemed to hesitate, while they stared at each other. “You’re hurt.” He said at last, heavy with
“Sure, ya don’t.” Watching as Dean got to his feet, Larson studied him, hooded eyes mischievous. “So.” Dean braced himself for impact. “What are ya doing here, anyway?”
“Are those
No trace.
Silently, they walked to Gabriel and helped him to his feet, fully intending on leaving Cas to grieve in peace.
In the rain, blue eyes narrowed in annoyance, and a hand lifted.
Laughing silently, Castiel pulled and pressed the omega closer to him. With a gentle caress of grace, he poked at the nephil's own and tried to convince him to relax, soothing him into a lull. It took a moment, as Jack was clearly being cheeky, but the child eventually settled, immature grace wrapping around his own like a little hand around his finger.
Patting Dean’s shoulder again, Bobby walked past him. “Just don’t take too long, realtor won’t wait forever.”
Dean called it a gut feeling, instead.
And he sounded so unsure, Dean had to look directly at him. “Yeah.” He reassured. “Cas— He could be knocking on our door, back from the dead, right now.” Swallowing hard, Dean still felt trepidation as he voiced his thoughts, like the ghost of John Winchester would be jumping him the moment he finished. “This, us— It wouldn’t change. Not a thing.”
Bobby is their Dad and John should be hunted for sport. No, you cannot change my mind.
“Is Jack alright?” Castiel interjected, alarmed.
, even if he knew it was a necessary evil.
Still unable to turn his head, Dean groaned. “’llo?”
Castiel shrugged, completely unbothered by the other’s glower as he checked the photo on his phone. “You made me realize that we don’t have many of these, now do we?” He pondered. “It’s nice. To be able to physically preserve some memories for posterity.” For Jack. Dean only groaned in response, pulling the trench coat over his head as he tried to end the conversation. He felt Cas sit beside him and then the warm pressure of his hand on his back. “Are you alright?”
“Yeah, and Cas knows that I know he knows that I keep coming here, anyway.” Opening the door, Dean walked into the brightly lit room. Looking around, Bobby let out a low whistle. Like most of the house, the walls were covered in white wood paneling, though the wall on the right was halfway painted in small vines and leaves, colorful lemons peppered here and there. Paint cans and small brushes were scattered across the floor, on top of a small square of old cloth. “Cas’s painting these.” Dean explained, sitting in a rocking chair by the window with a wince before he sagged into the comfortable cushions. “Keep thinking I’ll tell him to just get some wallpaper, if he wants plants so much, you know. But I get it.” He murmured, crossing his hands together over his belly. “He wants to do it himself. Give Jack something
Dean smiled, a lopsided smug thing. “Have you ever known us to be normal?”
!” Before the nephil could try and smite the archangel, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and reached out with his own grace, hoping to hold the other back. “Jack, it’s
Maybe Dean would decide to be his and Cas would, in turn, be Dean’s but, for the moment, Castiel contented himself with what he had, still buried inside the other and bodies pressed together, warm, and happy.
Tilting his head, Cas peered at Dean. “Fair enough.” He said after a moment. “Even without our history, I should have realized that humans are complex creatures, and none are the same, so it should be unfair to assume they’d all be reduced to a series of adjectives. Or behaviors.” Putting his face back in Dean’s line of sight, Castiel made sure to catch his eyes this time. “But you are missing the point of my apologies, Dean. I am not just apologizing for making a bold move towards you without consent, I am apologizing for disregarding your bodily autonomy and perpetuating harmful stereotypes.”
“Wait—” Cas looked over his shoulder. “Pharmacy, a small blue container that was next to the painkillers?” The other nodded. Dean sighed. “Bring it to me, please.”
." Cas warned.
With a nod, Castiel offered him his hand in an unspoken truce. The hunter took it, giving it a hesitant squeeze. “Stay.”
“So, if we compare the two, I figure I’m what, at the end of what would be the first trimester? So, from the first to the sixth week, that’s the equivalent of the usual first trimester. Seventh to twelfth, the second. Thirteenth to twentieth, third and final stretch.” Leaning back, Cas stared at Dean with awe. “What?”
, he had been brought back himself by means unknown. Means that,
The archangel nodded, picking himself off the floor with a grunt. “Yeah. Right before getting thrown like a frisbee.” He sulked, taking off his gloves. He’d need a new, clean set.
Cas thinks he's human but he really just has his grace sealed within him.
“Hm?”
"Oh, put a sock in it!" Chuck snapped and the walls shook, effectively rendering the other silent. "You—" And then he laughed, humorless. "You, out of
“Right.”
The figure was suddenly in front of him, white wings glowing bright in the darkness of the room. “Dean, it
"That little monster won Castiel over, when he should have been eliminated." Explained Chuck, staring into the distance and no doubt reliving memories of another life. "Then the lot of you decided to raise him.” He shook his head, looking like the world’s most frustrated architect. “Dean nearly killed him once, though. That would have been nice, the perpetuation of the cycle of Winchester abuse." He sighed, as the others looked between them. "But nope. He did not pull the trigger. Instead, he baked it a cake and called it family.
"And Dean? The others?" The angel was silent, then. "I could have fixed it." Jack lamented. "I had the power. But I didn't. What good is having all this within me if I can't use it to protect my family?"
.” Dean tried but his brother just kept going.
“Love?”
, it said. “But I am not an atheist and you’re not even gay, Dean. You’re bisexual.”
And Castiel went, hastily making his way to where Sam was trying to get Dean to let him past the drapes. “Sam—” The angel patted the other’s shoulder, then took the damp towel he had brought. “I got this. Give Gabriel a hand, please?” As soon as the disappointed taller man turned, Cas slipped through the curtain.
Somewhere in the universe, Gabriel howled with hysterical laughter.
Falling silent, Dean dragged his gaze back to the ceiling. He swallowed down a wave of something. Guilt? Humiliation? “Didn’t mean to crash.” He muttered after long enough, worn-out.
To partake in their
There was a scream.
Cas glared, gripping the blade tighter in his right hand and pressing his left against the warm body behind him. Dean pressed back, tapping two fingers on the back of his right shoulder blade. Right. Their angel fighting supplies were to the right of the front door.
? No, I didn’t.”
“Don’t finish that sentence.” Interjected Dean, hands shaking. He didn’t know if he wanted to shake some sense into the other or strangle him. “Don’t you
Chuck
“Pushy.” Crooned Cas, shifting his hands down Dean’s bony hips and down his inner tights, marveling at the warmth of the other’s skin. Finally, he took pity on the omega and slipped his thumbs under the piece of fabric, tugging on it and smiling when Dean lifted his bum, aiding him. It took some maneuvering, with how close they were and given how little they wanted to move away but, eventually, Dean’s boxer briefs and then socks met the rest of the clothing on the floor and he was
Cas squinted. “I don’t wear any.”
“I’m moving out.” Cas deadpanned.
Standing in the doorway, Dean looked around the infirmary with apprehension. His eyes fell on the stuff of nightmares. “The hell is that?”
“It’s fucking Sandal, Cas!”
“Ain’t he an archangel? High ranking angel and all that?” Bobby frowned, pausing his riffling through the first aid kit. “What could be more powerful than that and have a stake on our lives?”
To Dean’s surprise, Bobby rolled his eyes so emphatically he might have seen the back of his head. “Not you
you posed as Dean's employer, in the first place." Squinting, Castiel turned to fully face the other. "Why get involved at all? What's your endgame, Gabriel?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“You don’t need to worry anymore, then. I’m retiring.”
RIP Lake house, you shall be missed (and renovated, again. At some point.).
already armor. You want to look authoritative; wear a sharp, tailored suit. Nothing keeps people on their toes better than looking razor sharp.” He explained. “You want to look approachable; go with soft, casual clothing. It’s like a handshake, right? You want to go in and give that hand a firm, brief shake, cos people will judge you based on how you do it. The same happens with clothes. People look at you and form an unconscious opinion of you. Choosing how you dress is playing with
, but he needed Cas to
“Not what it sounded like, hours ago.”
“If it’s still going tomorrow morning, I’ll go.” Promised Dean, already half-asleep beneath the other, too weak to stay awake for long. “Until then, just
“No.” Replied Dean easily, resting his head back against the bedpost. He stared at the ceiling, avoiding eye contact as he fell silent, trying to find the correct words to explain whatever was going on in his head. “It’s just.
Squinting, Castiel poked his head out of their room. Cautiously, he walked down the corridor, eventually coming to stand in front of the door. He hesitated. “Dean?”
? – kisses to his forehead and temples and even once to the back of his hand and
At that, Gabriel fell silent, swinging his feet once more. "You're my brother." He eventually replied. "Heck, kid's going to be my nephew." Shrugging a shoulder, he tried to sound nonchalant. "You're family. Can't just let Dad kill you for fun."
Oblivious to his father’s plight, Jack snoozed contently, tiny nose smushed against Dean’s henley.
Eyeing the sandpaper in the other’s hand and the worked pieces of wood scattered across the bench, Bobby frowned. “Is that gonna be a
“Well, I gotta, don’t I?” Snapped Bobby back, matching the tone. “Cos you freaking won’t!” Dean’s mouth closed with an audible click. Bobby took a deep breath, reigning in his temper. “You’re grieving.” He stated, daring the other to deny it. Dean didn’t, averting his eyes. “And I get it, okay?
Cas thought back to
“Jimmy seemed to prefer boxers.”
Cas let the length slip out of his lips with an almost obscene sound. Dean
Not breathing.
Hell suddenly didn’t sound so bad in comparison.
. Like he wanted to be near
Splattering against the dashboard, down his chin.
. He, who had treated Cas sometimes with less kindness than he had probably deserved, who had been curt and downright rude at him just because he needed to lash out and Cas was just there. That kind of unwavering loyalty…
. Every freckle, every scar, even the bow shaped legs— Cas had painstakingly rebuilt each and every atom, when he pulled Dean out of hell. Back then, he had already been possessed by the feeling of needing to do his very
Hazily, Castiel saw Gabriel stand straighter behind Sam and press a glowing hand to Jack’s chest, making the baby screech in distress, fat tears rolling down his cheeks. Cas sagged, then, scalpel tumbling off his hand. They were going to flee. Relief
Dean. More than life, more than all of creation.
“Are you?”
Stubborn, Dean tried to reason. "And how do you expect to pay for them? We got
And he said it so casually, too.
to have noticed the wards breaking.
As soon as he had returned, Bobby left, this time for good and closing the door after him. Anger gone, Dean stared at the food with apprehension, feeling the morning breeze on his hair, and breathing easier when the other’s scent began to disperse. Soon, all that was left was his and Cas’s odors, clinging to his very skin and clothes, even tho the nausea remained and kept threatening to make him hurl the previous night’s contents.
Normally, Dean would be hissing and spitting over the absurdity of it all but not then, as he gripped the folder in his hands in awe. “These are ownership papers.” He stated. “For the
Renovations are in motion.
Barely remembering to throw the car into park, Cas threw open the door and was running down to the wreck, slipping and tripping on the wet foliage as Bobby yelled after him, also running as fast as his battered legs let him. Reaching the car, Cas groped around in the dark, trying to get a feel of the door and where he could begin to pry it open. “Dean!” Yelled Cas against the window, trying to wipe it and see inside.
Dean pulled back. “Don’t be dramatic.” Chuckled the blond, giving the dick in his hand a last stroke before letting it go. Straddling the other’s lap, he watched as Cas reached for a small tube of lube on his nightstand. “Don’t think I’ll be needing that, to be quite honest.”
At that, Castiel swallowed down his embarrassment and sighed instead, shoulders dropping. “You put too much faith in that being.” He confessed, eyeing the other’s stomach.
Dean glared back. Then extended his hand. They shook on it.
Pulling back, Dean saw Castiel nod, eyes darker with want. He had scented Dean’s predicament, but remained seated, tense.
"I don't understand." Looking around, the angel slowly turned. "I was called here. There was a beacon, and I followed it." Finding the crib, he paused. "
“If you didn’t, you’d be ignoring that
Dean & Cas go shopping.
After he had apologized profusely for his outburst, they had given him a small box and then promptly scrambled out of the classroom, leaving him to stew in his embarrassment.
They had had something special (best and bendiest weekend of his life,
“My soul. A reaper took me to Hell. Chuck ordered it.” Dean shrugged a shoulder. “I’ve done a lot of bad, I
“You know,” Drawled Dean. “We need to come up with a name. Just child this, child that, isn’t cutting it, anymore.”
Suddenly, his hands made contact and Dean wiped away the fluids, allowing Jack to take his first, shuddering little breath. With a hiccup, the baby scrunched up his face and began to cry, no longer unable to.
a big gamble.” Dean admitted, rubbing his hands on his thighs. “Possibly the biggest we’ve taken. But— Not giving this kid a chance, it’s cruel.” Cas sighed, heart in his throat. Like he could already guess what the other had decided. “And this?” Dean waved between them. “The fighting, the yelling?
Dean was silent, looking down at the other. “You ever kill any?”
who He was. We thought He was a prophet when He was just using it as a cover. Sure, we weren’t always— pleasant.” Castiel admitted. “But nothing that would warrant this
Dean kissed him.
A car door slammed to his left, making Cas jump in his seat again. He breathed, recognizing that he was still in the parking lot of the supermarket. Dropping the bag, Castiel fumbled with his keys and turned them; the clock glowed a quarter past eight. It was snowing.
He didn’t let go of Dean’s hand until he woke.
Turning, he focused back on Jack. He was fine, crying his little eyes out, but no one was around to hear him, to soothe him. Dean’s clenched his hands into fists. If only he could wrap him up in his blanket, protect him from the cold of the bunker…
Continuing dinner, Dean allowed the other to lean on him in the meantime. He should be putting some distance between them, he knew, but after he’d arrived home and taken a shower, he’d applied some scent blockers, so they should be good for the most part. He didn’t enjoy it, feeling like he was wearing a thick layer of invisible sunblock all over, but it was a necessity. “You should go shower, Cas.” Dean said when the food was finished, and he turned off the stove.
Castiel nodded, swallowing hard.
Dean kept chewing, eyeing the angel from the corner of his eye. “
“Cas, what—” Rolling his eyes, Castiel waved a vague hand at the banner.
Squeezing the hips beneath his hands, Castiel hesitated. "Dean—"
Dean fucking
Knowing family and friends were safe, with Castiel by his side and Jack drooling on his shirt, Dean believed it. He laughed. “To the rest of our lives.”
With a sigh, Dean tapped at the chair beside his. Bobby took it. "Jack— is special." The older alpha snorted. "Yeah. Understatement, but
Just them.
. Make sure it stays that way.”
If their first kiss had been sweet, their second was searing.
We have a Nephil on our hands.”
. But then, you found a loophole and
And there it was, wasn’t it?
"I was loyal." Spat Castiel, shaking with anger at the accusation. Jack whined, disturbed. "I had
for them. He just didn’t meddle with humans for it to matter, for him to need to learn about them. Not until he was given the order to pull Dean out of Hell and watch over him, then grew to care for his charge.
Biting back a frustrated growl, he threw another rock and forced himself to calm down, to think it through.
Then, and before they knew it, it was New Years Eve and Dean had paced circles into their wooden floors as he considered chickening out but, by the time the clock struck twelve,
After his knot had deflated, Cas helped Dean up and they had showered, taking their time to let the warm water run down the omega’s back and ease the constant pressure at the end of his spine. It had helped a little and soon they were having breakfast, replenishing their energy.
. He should have searched for answers elsewhere, dug as deep as he could for a
Lost in his thoughts, Dean only saw Cas’s fingers as they hit his forehead before he gave a jerk. Once more, pain crossed Castiel’s face and Dean, for a second, might have thought it was his reaction that caused it, but Cas wasn’t even looking at him, but
. How easily Cas says it, as if he's said it a million times before. As if those three words don't change
Sam's eyebrows raise, but he shakes his head. "Just some water," he says, and turns back to his laptop.
They are both looking down, but Castiel has waited so long and he is not going to wait any longer to take what he wants. He lifts a hand to grab Dean's chin, tilting Dean’s face up towards his, slamming his mouth against Dean's in a fierce kiss.
Sam stares at Castiel’s back and shakes his head.
"Who would top or bottom."
“I’ll tell you tomorrow,” he promises.
Sam tries to shake off the hawk, encouraging it to go to Dean. The bird is singularly unimpressed at his efforts.
“A gift for the general, from a retired soldier. A new pelt for his wall.” Bobby says.
Sam looks up at Bobby.
Sam sees in Dean’s eyes the real meaning, the words he wants to say but won’t, not to Sam. Sam nods, though.
“About time you showed up, boy.”
“No, but it's close enough to what happened that you can maybe get why it’s so important to me.”
Castiel’s lips quirk, and the expression in his eyes is as fond as Dean has ever seen them.
Dean shrugs slightly.
Dean’s head snaps up and glares at him.
They’re seated at a small diner an hour away from Lebanon and they’re engrossed in a conversation about visiting Florida and spending time at the beach during the day and a casino during the night. They’ve never done either of those things and the idea of doing it together, just the two of them, couldn’t make them any more eager to pack up and hit the road.
“I think I’ll stay with miracle for a while”
His eyes are glistening, the tears ready to explode but he pushes it down and focuses on the smile plastered on the man before him. He smiles back and kisses him, the fear of losing his angel to time, evident in the way his lips linger longer than they usually do.
Dean licks his lips, and Castiel stands to his feet, not caring if he’s a little too buzzed to do it on his own. He manages though, almost like every ounce of alcohol has vacated his body.
“I am. I’m just confused about how, if these kids were the cause of Marcus’ death, then how could anyone beside Marcus know?” his brows tugged together, and Dean wished to kiss them until the creases melted back into his skin.
“How are you here?” He questioned and Cas looked to Dean before looking down, unsure of where to begin.
“Later.” Cas simply adds and judging by the way his eyes narrows down on Dean’s lips, he doesn’t need to understand what
“Hey. Eileen and I made dinner. You hungry?” he watched his older brother play with the dog they’ve hardly had for three weeks. He looked peaceful, even through the pain and the layers and layers of that bravado façade he was so good at pulling off, somewhere in between all of that was a tinge of peace. That peace, as tiny as it was, meant that there was hope, it was the light at the end of a long and tedious tunnel.
To let our mouths dance together
“You son of a bitch" he pulled the angel close and wrapped his arms around him. It felt almost unreal, neither of them thought that they’d ever get the chance to do that again.
“We did it! Come on" Sam didn’t notice the colour slowly drain from Dean’s face and he dldn’t notice the pain and fear in his eyes either, not until Dean stopped him.
Cas rakes his fingers through Dean’s soft hair, and he tugs at them as he feels Dean’s hands trail all over his nude body.
“He was cremated. I don’t… what do you want with him?” His eyes are wide, and his skin seems to be greyer than it was when they just entered the house.
He kicks the first door open and, nothing. The second door, and the same— nothing. Dean sucks in a breath and whips out his torch before heading down the corridor that led to the unknown. It led to one single door in the middle though, and as if hearing the cries of the kids on the other end, he knew that that’s what he was looking for.
His head tilted slightly and his brows knit together as he looked inside the boy. His soul was indeed different, it was his but it wasn’t at the same time. A bright white light infused with a black fog like type of energy, swirling itself around the light. It was Amara.
They’re in an open field surrounded by white and bright yellow wildflowers, their petals flying off as the hunter and his angel soar through the field pretending to fly. It’s silly and it makes them laugh but they don’t stop.
The lay flat on their backs, watching the ceiling fan spin round in an endless loop, the room so quiet that you can hear a pin drop. The silence isn’t awkward nor tense, it’s pleasant and comfortable, just the way it’s meant to be.
But Dean, as he is most days, is oblivious to the silent pleas Castiel throws at him. “It has to be a monster, some demon who enjoys tormenting kids before killing them…” perhaps he’s seen the look in Castiel eyes, but he needed to ignore it because all he can focus on right now is the five kids missing in this city, and the five dead ones they’ve already found, all he can think about is
detective— but still, having all of those people who might just see through their lies, doesn’t phase them in the slightest. “This has to be a human, or just something that knows how to cover it’s tracks, I don’t know.” Castiel lets out an exhausted sigh, feeling the helplessness wash over him as he turns to look at the lifeless 16-year-old boy whose throat had been slit, and eyes gouged from their pockets. He imagines it being Jack, and fear runs through his veins as he tears his gaze away. He makes a mental note to call Sam when they’re done, to make sure that Jack isn’t one of the ruthless killer’s victims— he knows how unlikely that is, but it would bring him peace if he’d known his kid was alright.
And even though my forever has almost reached it’s end
“Cobb’s diner.” Cas simply says, looking back at the rugged blue-eyed man sitting across him now, his eyes trying to focus on the menu in his hands instead of Castiel’s words.
He checks the EMF reader, his weapons, and hands Castiel his favorite gun— the silver one with the engravings— wanting him to protect himself in case anything goes wrong. Cas takes it without hesitation, and Dean gives him a kiss before cocking his shotgun.
The one with the pretty blue eyes
Sam notices his smile and once again, curiosity eats at him. “Why did you ask?” he questions Dean and then notices the bashful blush on his cheeks.
“I understand that my reaction earlier isn’t what you wanted, I know you’re confused… so am I, honestly. But don’t you dare think that I don’t want you here with me.” He begins, placing a hand on Castiel’s, trailing it down to his fingers.
"I figuered you'd need sleep since you're human now" After a while of doing nothing Dean decides on showing Castiel what he's been working on while he was gone. They're standing at the entrance of Dean's room and Castiel listens attentively to the adjustments Dean has had to make over the weekend to make sure that the room could cater for Castiel as well.
The song starts off slow and calm. They start to sway in tandem as Dean places his hands on Castiel’s hips and feels as the angel throws both arms around his shoulders. They dance quietly, moving so swiftly in their garden that you could swear they did it all the time.
It almost looked like a soon to be victorious hunt but it all turned sour when Dean was injured, fatally. Castiel’s breath hitched, his eyes immediately watered and his heart felt like it was ripped apart, slowly, piece by piece.
“I need you to do this. To be heavens angel. watch over the humans and keep the other angels in line”
“Castiel, don’t. It has to be this way" Jack appeared once more, sensing that something was wrong. He had to talk the angel out of doing what he was about to do.
“Cas?” he tried looking at him without passing out. His head hung back heavy as he locked eyes with the angel. It was truly him. He could feel it, not only with the touch of his hand but with his soul. His broken soul felt whole again.
“Yeah, well I'm doing it anyway. I love you too, Cas. So damn much” it felt good to say, better than anything he has ever experienced. It was complete bliss and the feeling was infinite.
“You don’t think that I know that, dammit!?” a few heads turn at the sound of them spiting out venom at each other. If they had known they were so loud, they would’ve stopped right there and plastered on fake smiles for the crowd.
They leave within minutes, and an hour later when the sun begins to set, they find the secluded house they’ve been searching for. It’s quiet and eerie, and it seems as though no one’s home but Dean knows better than to take a missing car in the driveway as confirmation.
“Jack” he answered vaguely. Uncertain whether he was ready to even speak the whole truth. Jack brought him back and that was all they needed to know.
He breaks his stare and looks to his gracefully aging husband, the wrinkles by his eyes more visible than the year before. It saddens him but he doesn’t show it as Dean throws him his most charming smile, his eyes still gleaming the same way they did when he was younger. And in that moment he thanks God for taking his time in creating the masterpiece that is Dean Winchester.
They didn't say anything after that, they didn't need to. Everything that they needed to hear was said that night. They were content and nothing, not even the end of the world could take that away from them. If they had to die right in that moment, they wouldn't once complain.
“You’re not going to leave again, are you?” there was something so broken in the way Dean spoke. He heard it and he knew Sam and Cas did too, but he didn’t care if they did… he actually wanted them to know, Cas especially. He needed him to know that he couldn’t go on without him, not really.
“It’s a day dedicated to pie, Sam. Pie! It doesn’t get any better than that" the smile on Dean’s face was the most precious thing he had ever laid eyes on. He had been to every end of the earth, has seen the most precious gems and the most magnificent creatures and places but nothing came close to the hunters smile.
Dean’s eyes shoot wide open, but there isn’t any time left for him to say anything, and that’s why Castiel turns around and puts his focus back on David. He pulls out his phone and alerts Detective Trainor just as Dean disappears, following the road to the Strand's old cabin they hardly ever visit anymore. Trainor had also been notified of that.
Dean swallows, and Castiel can’t help but look down at Dean’s own dick, which has also gone from flaccid to semi-erect. “Yeah,” Dean says, his own voice rough. “Best to be sure. Gotta be sure, you know, just in case.”
“That’s for Dean to explain, I think,” Castiel says slowly. “If he hasn’t told you-”
Bobby sips his ale, considering his next words carefully.
“I’m sure the general will understand you depriving him of that pleasure. He’s a very...forgiving sort of man.”
Dean drops his sword to embrace Cas. He closes his eyes, and sighs, happy, disbelieving. Cas holds him just as tightly back.
Sam snorts a laugh.
"Look at me," he says and when Michael doesn't open his eyes, Dean draws another line of blood as he forces the general's chin up. "Look at me!"
“Hey Bobby,” Sam says. He holds out the bird. “Got an injured bird here for you. Dean said you could help?”
“Morning to you too,” Sam says to it. “I don’t suppose you know what the hell is going on around here?”
Castiel is still petting the wolf, hands against the coarse-soft fur, when he notices the edge of light creeping on the walls of the pit. He stops his stroking, and the wolf’s eyes slit open.
Sam closes his eyes and leans his forehead against Cas’s; Cas tilts his in answer. Their noses brush and Sam falls asleep again soon after, to the gentle caresses of Cas’s hand over his hair and back.
Sam asks, “So. The soldiers seemed to know you quite well. There a story there, ‘Captain’?”
“I know,” Cas assures him. “I’m not asking for that.”
"Not the physical act. The whole…” Dean waves a hand at the screen. “Look, they have me as the
“Dude, I should be the top even in fiction. Have they even actually read the books?”
“I look forward to it.”
“It’s easy to lose contact when you never see your family.”
"Dismissed."
There’s a small woodshed, ramshackle and looking like no one has even looked at it in months. It’s just large enough for him to duck behind, out of the view of the windows. Sam squats behind the shed while he tries to come up with a new escape plan.
The guard looks at Bobby, somewhat annoyed, but his fear of the general trumps that.
“I want to make love to you,” Castiel murmurs into his ear. “Here, when the stars come out.”
"Now there's something you don't hear everyday," he says to the hawk. The hawk only cocks its head and blinks in reply. The rider clicks to his black horse and starts down the mountain path.
Castiel hesitates, but he clicks back to the works and reads through all of the ones Sam has written (there are many, and Castiel begins to appreciate that Sam is as frustrated with the lack of consummation as Castiel is).
“Always together, eternally apart.”
, he thinks wryly. He starts making plans for the next day, and falls asleep before he gets farther than “get to the next major city.”
Sam reaches him, and tries to help, but it's quickly evident that it’s no good. Sam makes the only decision he can and splashes into the water.
“God I missed this,” Dean says.
“What?”
His voice is low, but in the stillness of the forest it carries. Ishim looks up.
“Good morning Dean.” The air from the words ruffles the back of Dean’s hair at the nape of his neck and he shivers, but not from cold. “You okay? Are you cold?” Cas immediately asks, his wings seeming to tighten around him. The additional breaths don’t help, but Dean seeks to assure Cas.
“For what?”
There’s a metal clang, then Sam’s weight is off Cas’s arm and Castiel sees him shimmy up and out.
He thinks and goes through it.
Cas uses his free hand to pull Dean down for a very sloppy kiss before sliding it down his back, and gripping tight.
“Only if we’re very lucky.”
“He is...not in my custody at this time.”
“I know stories,” Castiel says. “I’ve never met him. We almost never interacted with the lesser gods.”
Dean’s head shoots up and he stares wide-eyed at Castiel.
It’s just those two and three crossbow men left from the camp. Two of the archers are taking turns aiming, not for Dean but Sam now. The third crossbowman is still attempting to ward off the sharp beak and talons of the bird, crossbow forgotten at his feet.
“You should go back to sleep,” he says.
Dean is silent for a long moment.
Cas opens the pouch and reaches in, pulling out a piece of paper. He tilts it towards the torch and finds the letter he'd begun the previous night. He nods, and finds ink and quill in there as well, and sits down to pen the rest of the letter.
Cas stares at Dean for a moment, his hands still moving. “Dean. I want…” the angel pauses. He growls softly and kisses Dean hard. Dean presses back into the kiss and it's like a fight between their mouths, a sparring match where the goal is to claim as much territory as possible.
The alarm bells haven't sounded yet, perhaps there's still time. Sudden regret at his request to Bobby flares, and he uses it to fight harder against Zachariah.
"You mean the curse?" Dean spits the words, noting with satisfaction the confused looks on the faces of the assembled advisors. "It's been mentioned. But that doesn't matter anymore."
“I’ll check outside,” Cas says. “The snow and cold won’t affect me.”
“It’s a long story,” Castiel says, and turns back to the saddlebags, resuming his search.
, he thinks suddenly. It sets an ill feeling in his stomach. Of course he does. He hasn’t realized, hasn’t witnessed all the times Dean and Bobby have tried to break it before.
If he concentrates he can pick out bits of conversation, but there’s so much going on that he has trouble following a thread before it gets overwhelmed by the buzz of so many conversations. Castiel breathes carefully, closing his eyes for just a second to deal with the sheer amount of information.
Dean snorts, but he starts, “Told you how I joined up, right? Well, every Thursday, the general has a meeting with all the captains and commanders in camp. Most of them were straight up dicks, Zachariah isn’t even the worst of them, but he’s damn close to it. Cas was-”
The wind picks up, blowing colder, chapping their faces. Dean glances up at the white sky, where thick clouds gather, heralding a winter storm.
High above them, the hawk screeches and plummets towards the earth.
Sam considers, then asks, “Does the name Castiel mean anything to you?”
Dean laughs. “After so many sunsets?”
“It looks worse out there,” Sam says, worried.
Dean stumbles out of the woods the next morning, exhausted and sore. He finds his clothes strewn not far from the edge of the treeline and dresses. He'd barely been coherent yesterday, and now his thoughts are eaten up with worry. He hopes Sam got to Bobby in time. He hopes Bobby was able to heal Cas. He fears-
“As if you ain’t just as pleased.”
“Here,” he says, handing it to Sam, followed by the quiver of bolts. “Cover me.”
"Yes sir, there was. It attacked my men." Zachariah clearly doesn't understand the relevance of the question, but soldiers on. "There's another thing, sir. The prisoner you sent us after. It seems that he is Winchester's brother."
Dean dreams in the night. Castiel is tempted to visit him there, contenting himself instead with listening to Dean’s indistinct muttering. Dean twitches, and his breath huffs out. Whatever the dreams are about, they seem to disturb him. Castiel rubs his thumb over Dean’s arms where he holds him, wanting to soothe the hunter.
Dean turns his head, and faintly opens his eyes to look at him, then seems to relax.
“I don’t care,” he says. “If that’s what you were afraid of.”
“You too,” Sam says.
to Dean. He lets out a soft whine -and since when does Dean Winchester
Dean just smiles a little more and when he looks back at the hawk, there’s a fondness there that Sam’s not sure he’s ever seen.
“Tada,” Sam says, and grins from where he sits, panting.
Dean scoffs.
“And you’re sure you are okay with it?” Sam asks again. “The idea of both of us dating Cas at the same time?”
“First things first,” Bobby says. “We’re going to need a cage.”
He tries to focus instead on the physical sensations instead. Soft, slightly chapped lips on his neck, goosebumps and tingles running through him with each one. The muscular thigh, pressed against his, the hard line of the the angel's cock against his hip, his own hardness against the angel's. The feel of teeth pressing against his neck, hands sliding over his back. The sound of Cas breathing in.
Dean rolls over as he dreams, facing the ceiling, his eyes flickering rapidly under his lids. His breath speeds up, then evens out. Dean stirs awake faintly, and asks, voice bleary with sleep but with urgency, “Cas?”
Sam wakes to the smell of roasting meat, and finds a very cheerful Dean poking at the fire.
Dean glares and draws his sword. "Michael. You know why I'm here."
“You want to repay it? Give Bobby’s plan a chance. If he’s right, if you and Cas could appear before the general together as men-”
“I love you too,” Castiel says, the second Dean is again out of earshot, and Sam gapes at him. “I love both of you.”
- as Cas's mouth presses against his, and they spend the next few moments just making out. Cas's tongue slips into Dean's mouth and-
Sam wants to stay and see but at the same time, he’s not sure he should. He quickly turns his back, and catching sight of the horses, he has a thought.
“Rumour has it,” Ishim drawls, “That there’s a rather interesting wolf running around these woods. Great big black beast, they say.”
Cas lifts a wing slightly, but he doesn’t drop the gaze. There is curiosity there.
“Thank you, Sam,” Castiel says, feeding a few sticks into the fire.
Dean rolls his eyes but doesn’t respond. They ride on in companionable silence. It feels odd to Sam, to be back at his brother’s side, riding together as if ten years hadn’t passed.
Sam passes by them, and turns into the first hallway that branches of the main one he’s traversing. Dean had told them there were two servant entrances, and Sam finds the first.
At last, he recognizes a couple of stained glass windows and knows he’s just two turns away from freedom. He quickens his step.
"Dean."
The captain turns to glare at the vocal soldier. Then he turns back, his displeased look replaced with a smirk.
"To surrender at last?" Michael asks, then sighs. ”I suppose not. You always were too prideful, Winchester. Thinking you know better than anyone else." Michael nods to Zachariah, who grins and moves around the table, drawing his sword as he goes.
Dean glares.
He reads through half of the first story on the list because he has to confirm that this is what he thinks it is. He reads through the second half of it because Sam, apparently, is very frustrated with the romantic and sexual tension between Castiel and Dean, and has a well-written argument and hypothetical situation about how, on a particularly nasty rugaru hunt a few months ago, they could have wound up together.
“Yeah, sure, if it makes you feel better,” Dean says.
Dean frowns at him.
Dean scowls and urges the hawk onto the perch he’d built of it. He glares at Bobby.
Silence falls.
"It gets worse," Sam says, takes the laptop and clicks to another page. "Your symptoms? It means that you're, ah, possibly experiencing heat." Sam's cheeks are red and he looks away as he says it.
“Tell us what you know? The stories and all,” Sam asks. “Please.”
Dean grins savagely.
“Sorry.”
Cas hestiates. Dean waits. He wants every part of Cas, and god, he can’t believe he’s saying no to this, but making love was Cas’s idea and Dean is going to do that. They’ll have time for other things later.
Castiel turns back, raising an eyebrow. “There is a simple way to determine one way or the other.”
"How is this even possible?" He finally asks. "I thought all our family was betas. Except Dad of course."
Dean snorts. Sam looks at him out of the corner of his eyes.
As Sam speaks, Castiel closes his eyes and focuses. With a loud whoomph! and a crack of thunder that rivals the sounds of the storm raging outside, Castiel brings his wings onto the material plane. Sam stutters to a stop, staring. Dean, too, seems to go slack jawed, blanket half dropped.
Dean stares at Cas, his brain working quickly. Maybe...maybe it could work. Dean can always cut himself off if it doesn’t. Sam deserves to be happy. So does Cas.
“Awesome.” Dean looks like he’s going to say something, but decides not to.
“Cas,” Dean says, low and quiet. “Shut the door?”
“So if you’re a fugitive, what were you doing so near Aquila yesterday?”
“I’m not sure I want to anymore,” Cas says, but he doesn’t touch. “You make it very hard.”
Castiel spends the day thinking about Sam’s worries and Dean. He loves his boys, loves both of them enough that it sometimes hurts. And now he has tasted both of them, and he wants to continue tasting them. But Sam is worried.
So that part matches up at least.
Bobby grunts, but he’s grinning, and as he looks back at the happy couple, there’s the gleam of a tear in his eyes. He wipes at that.
“Your brother?” Zachariah raises his eyebrows. “Small world. You know, I can see the resemblance. The height, that set about the mouth, that cowardly habit of running away…”
“What’s your business?”
“Why not? Shouldn’t he know there’s a way to break this curse?”
“You okay there?” Sam asks, amusement in his voice.
The wolf cocks its head, then goes to the man. It sniffs his hands before inexplicably licking them. It looks up at the man, mouth open and panting. The man strokes its head and seems to be whispering to it.
“It wasn’t your decision alone to make!” Sam says, stepping into Dean’s space. “For fuck’s sake, Dean, think about it. It’s not just you that’s suffering, Cas is too. Or are you so caught up in your need for revenge that you’ll disregard his wishes and his life?” Sam crosses his arms. “Hell, you know who you remind me of? Dad. Remember how he would just toss us at Bobby while he went off to chase ghosts because he was too busy mourning Mom to even consider living?”
“Yeah, it’s definitely...interesting.”
“Trading tips on hair and feather upkeep,” Sam says loudly. “You could use a few lessons.”
Dean stares at him.
Of course this would happen, Dean thinks wildly. Start presenting at thirty-fucking-five and it turns out that he has a whole nother set of organs he wasn’t aware of because it turns out that he’s a fucking omega and just to make things even worse, his new scent is somehow affecting a goddamned angel.
Dean stares down at him in something akin to wonder, something a little like need, something a lot like love. He comes as well, and collapses on top of Castiel for a few moments, before rolling off to lay next to him.
“It’s just one day, Dean, what can it hurt? If Bobby’s witch friend is right, you and Cas get a chance to break the curse. If he’s wrong, you still get to kill the general. Where’s the harm?”
Dean grins a little more. "I suppose we could." He loops an arm over Castiel and pulls him in. Against his lips, he says, "After all, we both had excellent points."
“Your decision. It’s a good horse though. Might be easier to have a name for it than just calling it ‘horse.’”
The brothers grin, and exchange a quick hug. Sam claims one from Cas as well while Dean gets one from Bobby.
Dean looks up as the fallen leaves crackle under Sam’s feet, announcing his approach.
“I should have asked earlier, how’s your swimming?”
He’s busy enough that he misses the way Castiel’s expression flickers, misses the way Castiel’s brow furrows as well as he follows Sam’s movement.
“Here,” Dean says, pulling up to Sam. He extends the arm with the hawk on it. “Take him, find shelter.”
“Where’d he come from then?”
"No!" He cries, and launches himself at Zachariah with sudden fear and grief.
“Missed
Sam has been looking inside a broken woodshed. He turns and holds up a helmet triumphantly.
Sam opens his eyes and stares at the ceiling.
“No. I remember...flashes, sometimes, of flight, other images, scents, sensations. Things that make no sense.” He shrugs, then winces. “They aren’t human memories, more like...dreams.”
Castiel wraps his arms and wings around Dean as loosely as he can, feeling the tension in the hunter’s body. Dean is nervous and scared, and Castiel really should not be surprised, but it’s faintly annoying.
"God, I've waited so long for this." He pulls the sword back, ready to strike, to end this son of a bitch's miserable life.
“We should get out of here,” Sam says. Bobby nods. They turn to approach Dean and Cas.
“Nice to have friends.” Dean grins. “You want us dead? Do it yourself.”
“Yes, which I believe is why they choose to portray you this way. In many of your sexual encounters detailed in those books, you enjoyed allowing your partner more control. Also, the writer of this story likely believes that you taking the more vulnerable position of bottom gives fictional-you an opportunity to show trust to fictional-me, and at the same time gives your character the additional pleasure of prostate stimulation.”
“I was joking.”
Sam smirks and chuckles.
He finds more than he bargains for under one that is labeled with 3 characters: Ao3.
In the morning, the storm is all but blown out. The wind howls a bit, but the spell seems to be fading.
They simply lay together for a time after that, exchanging brief words and lazy touches. Sam traces over Cas’s feathers, finding that sometimes Cas shivers under the touch, a fact which Sam files away for later investigation, should he get the chance.
It’s an unsettling thought. He might die, killed by the guards, or killed by Michael. Leaving Cas to suffer the remnants of their curse alone.
“You two are sickeningly sweet,” Sam comments to Dean.
“Cover the trap then get back,” Castiel tells them, still quiet. He walks towards the lake. The wolf won’t hurt him, but Sam and Bobby may not be as safe.
“What are you doing?” Dean asks, catching sight of him.
“I was referring to my vessel,” Castiel clarifies, though he’s not sure if it's necessary to say so. This conversation has taken a very odd turn.
“No, but it’s clear as...well, day.” Sam grimaces at his word choice.
“Tell me.”
Sam joins him in a moment with two mugs of beer in his hands. He slides one to Castiel.
With his lover-turned-hawk perched on his arm, he encourages the horse onwards once more. He needs to thank Bobby, and, he suspects, answer some questions from Sam.
Sam looks up at the horse’s rider, who is looking at him with as much consternation as Sam feels in the moment.
Bobby sighs.
Bobby nods, then continues.
Dean steps back into the bedroom for a second, to pretend he didn’t see that, and stares at the wall for two seconds, then comes back in as if nothing’s happened.
Dean opens his mouth to say something, make a joke perhaps. Instead what comes out is, “I really should get up.”
Dean lays with his back to Sam and Cas, and feels far colder than he would like. Cold that has nothing to do with the winter chill and everything to do with the memory of Cas’s wings around him that morning. He forces the thought away, and huddles in his blankets, eventually falling into a fitful sleep.
“Dean,” Castiel breathes in relief.
“Not if you want my help you won’t.”
“No!” Dean shouts again, desperate, and with a quick thrust and slash, he dispatches his opponents and runs for the hawk.
“Yeah, maybe. How do you know him anyway?”
Sam scoffs quietly.
Dean's face hardens, and he pushes his sword under the general's throat, forcing his hands away.
Zachariah snorts.
When Zachariah enters, Sam has to resist the urge to hide his face. He’s the only one here who might recognize Sam. But Zachariah is too intent on his conversation with a man in an elaborate long coat.
Cas pulls away at last, breathing hard. He stares into Dean's eyes in shock and all Dean can think is,
Dean wraps himself in blankets as Cas wraps himself around Sam. To Dean’s surprise, it isn’t hard to fall asleep.
"Then why are you reading it?"
Sam rolls his eyes and goes to the third room. It’s a small bedroom with a single queen size mattress on it. There’s a closet with a few moth eaten blankets that Sam pulls out.
“He a deserter like you?”
general?”
“Is it just me or has he been acting weird all day?” Dean mutters.
“Dean,” Sam shouts, calling for his brother even as he grabs the crossbow from where it leans against the wall. “Dean, wake up! There’s a-” he stops as he opens the stall door. Dean is gone, and Sam stares for half a second at the empty stall, then swears and spins around.
Dean laughs, steals a kiss, then unslings the pack he’s still wearing.
As soon as Sam leaves, Dean goes to his saddlebag. He pulls out a bundle of letters, pressing them to his lips for a moment before setting to the side and pulling out a silver dagger. He holds it, unsheathing it for a moment before looking through the chinks in the barn wall towards the setting sun.
Castiel looks at him, startled, but his lips quirk up.
"Morning sunshine," Dean says. "Good night?"
Dean wakes, opening his eyes to find Cas watching him “That’s still creepy,” he says, but there’s no bite to it.
“Oh yes,” Dean says, and he is smiling, eyes closed. “That was...definitely acceptable.”
“Let’s go,” he says, the sight of the dead animal making him feel sick.
Sam grins, and he looks relieved. “Good.”
Dean sighs, shaking his head. "Nope. Or at least, not till now. It's a fucking pain in the ass.”
Dean growls, and Sam’s grin grows wider.
He goes to Dean who has already settled Impala and Charger outside the barn.
A few minutes later, after a conversation with the tavern owner and parting with the majority of his purse, Sam leads the horses into a small barn behind the tavern. He chivvies the hawk onto a post and takes care of stabling the horses.
The sun reaches its zenith, and Bobby silently hands Dean a bit of bread for their lunch. Dean accepts it, and forces himself to eat it.
Castiel raises an eyebrow, for all Dean can’t see it. “Perhaps.”
Dean shrugs. “Yeah, probably just frustrated with being cooped up.” Dean leans forward and takes the chance to kiss his angel. Cas kisses back very lightly, then he pulls back.
“Never. He was a fellow captain, and he was all those things I said. I wished him to be less reckless perhaps, but I liked him. And somehow we became friends.”
Doing all this unfortunately has disturbed Dean, and the older Winchester briefly presses closer to Cas, having turned onto his side at some point, and then jerking away when he wakes. Cas turns his head to look at Dean, who has already moved away, looking somewhere between panicked and guilty. His gaze is sheepish when it finally meets Cas’s
Cas pulls away slightly, taking his weight off Dean's shoulders, and holds the hunter tight, arms wrapped around him nearly tight enough to hurt, but not quite. Dean settles into them, his own going tight.
“How is that
Bobby fetches a small pouch and tosses it to Castiel.  "Tell him yourself. That was sitting in my spare room."
Michael nods, unsurprised.
“Good luck.”
Castiel half smiles.
The sewer splits yet again ahead of him. Sam looks both ways when he reaches this turn, and there, at the end of the left turn, is a grate with light through it.
Zachariah leaves to carry out his orders, closing the door behind him.
“Uh, Cas?” Dean calls from the other room. “You wanna help here?”
“You’d agree with me, right?” he asks the bird, bringing it as close as he dares to his chest. “That their plan won’t work? It’s impossible. Ridiculous.”
A screech warns him, and he lifts his arm up, and a few moments later, the hawk lands on his arm. It shivers and makes a disgruntled peck at his hand, indicating his displeasure with the change in the weather.
“Shut up bitch.”
That night when they get ready for sleep, Dean suggests that Cas lay between them as he had first suggested a few days before. “Might as well,” he says, and the way Cas’s eyes light up is worth it, as is the way Sam looks grateful.
Castiel’s expression lightens, and he laughs a little.
The word is quiet, but he looks up to find Sam peering up a tunnel that angles up. A faintly lit grate is just visible a ways up. Castiel considers it. It doesn’t look big enough to fit a grown man in it.
Sam and Bobby both move to step between the captains already drawing swords and approaching Cas and Dean.
Dean grins at him, and then urges Impala into a walk, heading back to the road and into their continued future together.
A few moments later he hears running feet behind him.
“Of course.”
This story though. It gives Castiel a taste of something he wants, of something he does not (and perhaps never will) have.
Dean hesitates.
"Who writes this stuff?" Dean mutters, about a minute later, apparently still reading over his shoulder. "It's completely unrealistic."
"Yes sir."
He steps back and nods to the other guard who has not moved from his post. The gate rises and Bobby takes the cart and its cargo inside the fortress.
“Cas? Are you okay?” Dean rises, sniffs and his mouth drops open, because there is another scent mixing with his own now. It’s the scent of arousal. “Alpha,” Dean whispers. His eyes flicker downward involuntarily and, oh god, there is definitely a bulge there. He looks up guilty and his eyes catch in Cas’s. They stare at each other for a long moment.
“You’re forgiven,” Bobby says gruffly, and pulls him into a hug. “It’s good to have you back. Both of you,” he says to Castiel as he releases Dean.
Sam grins and claps Cas on the shoulder. “Of course. I’m happy for you.”
“Some no-name town off the main road. This place belongs to the tavern.”
“Thank you,” Castiel says, voice a little rough, unable to hide the emotion in his voice. He closes his eyes as the brothers reassure him with their touch, and an impromptu and rather haphazard grooming of his feathers takes place.
He’s just in time. A small gathering of men, some armored, some in robes, file past and into the room. Sam waits until he sees a few plain guards dressed in similar armor to what he wears; he joins them as they filter into the room. No one gives him a second glance and he takes up a post near the double doors.
“Getting soft in your old age?” Sam jokes.
revenge.”
Sam sits down on a chair placed against the wall and looks at the man across from him with new eyes.
"What is it?"
He compares the cuffed prisoners in the holding cell against his list and frowns.
Castiel stares at the cage as he dresses.
When Sam wakes, he finds Cas patiently waiting. Their eyes meet, then Cas kisses him a good morning and Sam can’t help but return it, warm and pleased, content. Then he remembers the situation and his stomach turns. Cas sees the change and tries to soothe him silently.
Dean makes a noise of protest, but after another minute of shivering, he nods.
Dean nods, not so sure himself, but he accepts the forgiveness, though it is undeserved. Dean knows what he owes now. He sighs.
“Did you tell Dean?” Castiel asks.
The shouts of the guards echo behind Sam. He runs and turns every which way, searching for a new escape. He sends a fervent prayer to whoever is listening that he can outpace his pursuers.
They’d decided it was too risky that someone would recognize Castiel, which was why he had gone with Sam to the sewers. None of them, including Castiel, are completely sure that the hawk will find them come the morning among all the buildings, but it seems less risky than being recognized by far.
Dean’s expression turns grim, for just a second.
“I thought you needed my help to get in,” Sam says pointedly.
“A witch? You’ve gone mad, old man, if you think a witch is going to help.”
Sam shakes his head.
“So how the hell did you two end up together? I didn’t even know Dean had a type that wasn’t blonde and buxom. Or brunette and-well. Girl-shaped.”
“Why were you looking for paper?”
“I spent some time working under General Bishop.”
“You have got to be kidding me.” He points at Bobby. “I spent a year listening to your hopes and promises that ‘we’ll break it yet,’” he mimics Bobby’s gruff voice. “Nothing came of it but foolish hope and even worse despair. I’m done with your wild goose chases, old man.”
“You keep an eye on him, then. And good, you can have the loft, and I’ll take the stall.” He yawns. “Might just turn in now. Try not to disturb me.” Dean’s lips quirk slightly. “You how I am: liable to take your head off before I know it’s you.”
"As an omega," Sam adds, and looks apologetic.
Castiel watches him, unsure what to say, if anything. Sam seems to be debating the wisdom of getting up just yet, and Castiel encourages him to stay with a gentle pressure of his wings. His arms are still trapped at his sides, but with Sam awake, he manages to get his right arm unpinned and wraps it over the hunter to embrace him properly. Sam looks at him, and hesitates, then adjusts slightly so that he is more comfortable as well, one hand coming out of the blanket to curl around Cas’s forearm. It’s a pleasant moment that doesn’t last long.
“Take him. Get help.”
Cas’s hand twitches and the door slams shut behind him. The angel’s eyes search the hunter’s face, and there’s something else other than lust and confusion in them. Something like hope. Dean leans forward and hesitantly kisses Cas, lips barely brushing.
“Say goodbye to your sinuses,” Sam mutters to Cas, and they climb into the foul sewers of Aquila.
“Then you’d better start talking. I’ve got nothing better to do right now.”
Castiel’s face tightens. “The only thing that’s corrupted is the army itself,” he says. Sam is almost directly behind Ishim, so Cas keeps talking. “Michael is an evil man, far worse than you could ever believe. If anyone does not deserve a command, it is he, not Dean.”
For some reason, when Sam and Dean look at each other this time, they both laugh, which only confuses Cas more. Calming down enough to answer, Dean says, “Yeah, Cas. We’re good.”
Cas nods and exits. Snow blows in fiercely as he opens the door and despite his claim, the angel has some difficulty getting the door shut behind him.
“Yes and no. Dean won’t listen, but we’re hoping you will.”
“Not much. He never mentioned you.”
Dean laughs, and stares up at the night sky.
“Why? Jesus, Dean, that place is
Castiel shakes his head.
Castiel nods.
"General Bishop, sir."
Sam considers him.
“Problem, Sammy?”
“See you tomorrow.”
“You’re acting like a damn fool. Give it-”
Their hands remain entwined.
Dean forces Michael to his knees, his sword nicking a line on the general's throat.
As for Dean… Well.
“I had hoped to get just the one of you back, but this is actually much better. Come back, and your sins will be forgiven. That troop in the hills, poor dead Marquet here. I have tasks that could use your unique skills. Both of you.”
Sam’s pace quickens.
I am going back there.” Sam shakes his head. “Dean, I haven't seen you in ten years. As grateful as I am for your help defending me from the guards and all, I’m not willing to go back into the frying pan I just crawled out of.” Sam rises. “It was good to see you again, Dean.”
“You know nothing,” Castiel growls. “You have no idea what you have done, do you?”.
Dean loves the sounds that Cas is making, the way that each pull of Dean's hand up and down his shaft pulls little growls and whines from the angel’s throat. How Cas is copying him, and oh does that feel good, and they are almost grinding against each other now, the effort of leaving enough room between them for their hands to move becoming too much to bear.
Zachariah's sword clatters to the ground, and for a few seconds the man stares at Dean, unable to talk for the dagger speared through his chin and mouth.
Sam makes a face.
Cas brings his wings back out shortly after he brings the logs in, and when he comes to sit between them, his wing embrace is much tighter. As they talk, the brothers telling Cas about old hunts today, and ribbing on each other as much as usual, they sit closer, leaning into the warmth. Sam takes one of Cas’s hands and Dean takes the other. No word is spoken about that, no interruption made to stories of prank wars and and other childhood shenanigans.
“You don’t actually mind,” Cas says, matter of fact.
He reaches down and tugs Cas’s pants down, then stops and bites his lip at the sight of Cas hard and leaking for him.
“Good night Cas,” Dean says, and looks content and pleased.
The half moon shining through the cracks in the barn wall illuminates a man with messy hair, gazing at him curiously. Sam meets the stranger's eyes for just a moment, then the man turns and heads for the door, the bolt dropping from his hand as he goes.
Cas comes in a few minutes later with several damp logs in his arms. His dark hair is plastered with snow, and as he sets the logs down by the fireplace, he turns to help the two brothers get the door closed one more time.
Michael stares at his map, thinking. Three years of that curse ought to have at least one of them ready to take his bargain. And with the brother to bargain with as well, Winchester should be more than amiable.
He sees his fear reflected in Cas's face, as Cas looks at him then at the light of the window. Cas steps into it, bracing himself.
Sam wakes up in the middle of the night with the urgent need to relieve himself. He wanders off into the woods, and finds a good place. While he’s in the middle of this, he hears a wolf howl, far too close for comfort. As he ties his trousers and adjusts his tunic, he has the thought:
“Idjit.”
“Yes.”
Captain Zachariah Marquet enters the dungeons with two men at his back. It’s execution day in Aquila, and he likes to personally take care of escorting the prisoners to the gallows, making sure everyone is in their proper place.
“You could have just not had pie for once,” Sam mutters.
Zachariah attacks as a madman, his intent to butcher Dean, but Dean, his goals have changed drastically. He’s no longer fighting for revenge.
"I have disturbing news, Sir. A prisoner has escaped the dungeons."
“I love you,” Cas says, twining their fingers together.
“Right.”
“Well that was fun. I take it there’s a little history there.”
“Who are you?” The man growls, voice deep and raspy.
Dean doesn’t intend to fail but-
“Yes,” Cas says, already knowing the meaning. He leans in and kisses Sam again. This kiss is far less chaste than the others, and though Cas has lifted a wing slightly for privacy, they still break apart when the sound of the toilet flushing comes from the other room.
When he raises his head, he hears the shouts and alarms, but they are all muffled, inside the walls. They must not know he’s escaped the confines of the fortress. Sam grins, but wary of celebrating too soon, he swims faster, and soon gains the shore.
The shot flies true.
“But Bobby’s plan-”
“Thank you,” Bobby says, in that gruff voice that belies deeper emotions. “For trying.”
Castiel nods, as if it were the most usual thing to be looking for at midnight while in the middle of the woods.
Castiel whistles, low, and the black wolf looks up, towards the noise, then heads straight for him, tail wagging low in recognition.
“Okay,” Bobby says, resignation in his voice.
They had agreed, and now Bobby and Sam dig while Cas takes his turn for a break and watches the surrounding landscape.
“He’s coming.” Cas’s voice is quiet, tense.
Sam dodges the arrow aimed towards him and jumps off of the road, unable to do much without another bolt for the crossbow. The horse of the dead man halts not terribly far from him, and Sam runs for it.
“Why don’t I take you to him, and you can tell me?” He nods to his men, who spread out, though the one who had called Dean “captain” and the man beside him both hesitate before obeying. “And we’ll be taking that oversized rat back with us as well.”
Sam’s mouth falls open. He stares.
Cas slowly lets his wings tighten around Dean. He tries to exude calm and patience. By slow increments, Dean does eventually relax before finally falling asleep.
"We, uh, hung out at a tavern most of the night. Had a few drinks and talked." Sam shakes his arm again. "Oh come on! Go on, go to Dean, you silly bird, go to your master."
“How?” Sam asks again.
It’s been long enough. Dean stands, checks that he has everything. Bobby notices.
him, with thousands of words of erotica about the two of them dancing in the forefront of his memory.
Michael sighs, looking once more at the map on his wall. Another loose piece on the board. This news of an escaped prisoner feels like a bad omen, and the timing with the waning moon just increases the feeling. This escapee is just the first breeze, the first warning of an approaching storm.
“He also instructed me to take care of you.”
Sam looks at him, and in that soft half sleep dazed waking state where thoughts are free and less restrained, he acts without thought and kisses Cas. He pulls back, a faint note of “oh no” beginning to go through him, but Cas doesn’t pull away, or even look upset. Instead, his hand comes up Sam’s back, holding Sam to him. Cas looks at Sam like he’s been given a gift, before he returns the kiss, just as chaste.
The riders ride towards them, though the two hesitant ones hold back, un-shouldering their crossbows. The two archers fire their arrows. At the same moment, Dean smacks Impala's rump, sending her straight for Zachariah.
Sam stands, and stops Dean at the threshold.
“You see him again, tell him I say hey.”
The sunsets and the light of it hits the trees and the surrounding landscape like a painting. A distant town has dim lights appear, then disappear.
“The storm should abate in a few days,” Castiel says, staring out the window. “Boreas has a violent temper, but he should get bored enough to let up soon.”
The horse sniffs at him and rolls his eyes, but doesn't prance away.
“God yes,” Dean says. He turns, and kisses Cas properly, lips slotting together. Cas parts his lips and Dean takes the invitation to slip his tongue in.
He’d just reached the front entrance when the bells began tolling their warning, had seen the two guards there jump to alertness. They’d immediately bolted the door and stood alert and ready to prevent anyone from leaving that way.
“I’m going with him. You follow behind us.”
"Yeah, about that. He may not have presented before but it's possible that..." Sam falters, clearly uncomfortable. He glances at the angel again. "You know what? Why don't you go talk to him instead. He's in his room."
“I can help keep you warm,” Castiel repeats. “If you will allow it, I can help insulate you with my wings.” He demonstrates, taking a step closer, and (not without a little nervousness and hesitation that he conceals) he wraps one wing each over the two boys, embracing them loosely. He lets his grace burn hotter with the proximity, and hopes they can feel it. He will need to be closer for this to be more effective, but even at this range, it seems to help. He steps back.
“I know,” Sam says. They exchange looks, Sam’s uncertain, Dean’s more so. But they know each other so well that after a few moments of that silent communication, they both relax, assured for the moment that they are both good with this turn of events.
Sam’s opponent is shockingly strong; strong and
“Ah.”
Dean finally manages to pin Zachariah, and he looks up at the broken window at a sun that is no longer shining as it should.
Sometime after midnight, Sam joins Bobby by the fireplace. Bobby offers him the flagon of ale and Sam accepts it.
“About a year or two after you left, Dean took on some mercenary work for the Aquilan army. The usual stuff, basic missions they didn’t want to risk their own troops on, or couldn’t. At some point the general noticed him and took a liking to him. He took an official commission with the army, eventually rose to the rank of Captain. One of Michael’s pets.
“Blunt as ever. Well, do give the former captain my regards. I have business to attend to anyway. Something you might be interested in actually. I know how much you used to enjoy hunting.”
Dean wakes up that morning feeling warm. He groans and goes to kick off the single sheet he went to bed with, only to find that apparently he not only got rid of the sheet last night, but he had somehow completely undressed himself as well. Dean sighs, dons his robe, and heads to the showers to cool off. It helps, a little.
Castiel allows himself a smirk. “No. Because they will.” He steps back, lowering his blade but remaining ready. “You had best go before they wonder where I am.”
And he thinks that now he can only have both or neither. Sam would forfeit for Dean’s happiness. Dean would forfeit for Sam’s. But neither would truly be happy in either case. He just has to make sure they understand and agree.
Dean and Cas harry Michael, who can’t hold them off for long. Before, they had been a smooth killing machine, always aware of the other, moving jointly. Even after years apart, that practice shows. They soon have Michael on his knees, Dean’s sword once more at his throat.
“I appreciate that. Well, Commander, it’s been a pleasure.”
The humor disappears out of Castiel’s face, and he looks away from Sam into the fire. He doesn’t answer right away, but Sam waits.
The closeness has both of them plumping up and the shabby pretext that has gotten them here falls apart as soon as Dean says, in little more than a whisper, "Can I- can we-"
“Yes, quite,” Castiel grits out, his voice strained.
Dean makes a sputtering sound, and Castiel feels a bit smug about having caught the hunter off guard for once. “You’re bullshitting me,” Dean says flatly. “There’s no way.”
Sam can’t deny disappointment as he wraps himself in the two blankets, but he accepts it easily enough. There will be other nights.
General Michael Bishop has only just regained any semblance of concentration when Captain Marquet enters the study and salutes.
“What the fuck?” The man swears, and then his eyes narrow. “Angel,” he hisses, voice dripping with contempt. “What’s one of your kind want with little old me?”
He is surprised at how many there are, considering that the Winchester Gospels have so little real detail and (according to Charlie) are not particularly well known-- although the series has apparently attracted a “cult following”. That part is evident in the hundreds of stories on this website. The number astonishes Castiel, given that all these writers have to go off is a few dozen books illicitly published, a story these writers think ended when Sam fell into the cage with Lucifer and Michael.
A few rounds later, Cas gets his revenge, and when they have a staring contest daring each other to fold, Cas mimics the wink from earlier, flustering Dean, though he at least has the sense not to let that sway him into folding. He still loses the hand.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel says, lacking anything better.
“I wish you luck with that.”
Dean heads to the kitchen first, opening the cupboards. “Hey, jackpot. We got plenty of canned food at least.”
Dizzy and on fire with desire, it takes far too much effort to stay standing. They fall into the bed, and after some rearranging, Dean does indeed wind up on top of Castiel, who finds he does not mind at all. The weight of Dean over him is a pleasing thing.
Castiel helps pull Sam out of the water, and then together they manage to chivy and push the wolf across the ice, tying the rope loosely around it so that Bobby can help reel him in.
It’s with light hearts that Dean and Cas head back down the path, where they wash themselves in the pool below the waterfall then take care of the horses.
Then Zachariah counters Dean and throws him off. With sun spots dancing in his vision, Dean spends the next few minutes just keeping himself intact, suddenly on the defensive.
“They both died, her and her father. Wasn’t anything left for me there. Decided to head east, and got caught in some sort of ambush when crossing the border. Wound up in the dungeons.”
“Captain Winchester,” one of the guards says, surprised, but not displeased.
Sam smiles. “You too, Bobby.”
They head back the way they came, returning to the gas station where this all started. Sam nearly cries with relief when he turns his phone back on and finds that he at last has a signal and wifi again. There are dozens of messages from fellow hunters and friends. He gets out of the car and leans against it while he answers every text, assuring everyone that they are alive and well.
Castiel regards Sam over the bowl. He wasn’t quite what Cas had expected of Dean’s brother, from what little Dean had told him before and the stories Bobby had told of when “his boys’’ had been of young children, not men.
“It is.”
“Yeah, ‘course you do. But you can’t tell me, can you.”
“The sun is going down.”
Dean follows and they soon reach the waterfall. They tether the horses and Dean gets ready to set up a proper camp, but Castiel puts a hand on his arm and shakes his head.
“I thought so. Let’s remedy that, shall we? The tavern awaits.” He opens the door to pouring rain. “We might want to run,” he says after a short pause.
Unnoticed behind Castiel, Bobby enters the room, joining Sam at the doorway.
“You need not be. You had nothing to do with this.”
They rejoin their hands, stroking together, finding a rhythm.
“Are you two okay?” Cas asks, and he squints slightly, brow furrowing.
Sam grimaces.
After the third such dive into the dirt, he emerges from the bushes only to be nearly run over by a rider on a huge black horse. Sam trips as he hurriedly steps back and tumbles to the ground.
“Be careful,” Dean says automatically.
Dean stares him down.
"What?"
“Good luck with that,” Castiel says, turning away.
a fortress.”
He nearly runs straight into the charcoal burner. The man is carrying an axe, held as if to ward off more than to attack, and is heading back into the barn instead of away from it.
Dean turns to Cas finally, and sees him, still human. Hope wells up. They have done it, but he is afraid. What if it didn't work?
“Yeah, I was. That future burned to the ground a year ago.” He sombers, but he’s not interested in talking or even thinking about Jess right now. “Then I had a run in with the Aquilan army, and joined forces with Dean to get away from them.”
“Ah. Last night I almost thought it was some sort of magic,” Sam admits, then chuckles. Ridiculous. Things are odd here, yes, but not that odd.
“Near a decade without seeing you, nearly six months without seeing him, and you show up now?” Bobby says. “Dunno if that’s a good omen or a bad one.”
What if he does?
"This has to end," he says. "We need to live. As humans. Not like this."
the one breaking the boundaries of personal space.
Dean pulls back and laughs, then pushes Cas away. “Okay there, you had a plan, we’ll stick to it.”
A few minutes later, rustling below has his eyes opening. He grimaces, quietly crawling to the edge of the loft to look below.
“How long you two going to lie there?” Sam asks eventually, and Dean opens his eyes and looks up to glare at his brother. “I’m not complaining, mind you, but I’d like to know if you expect me to eat this entire can of peaches myself.”
“It’s about time,” Sam says to Dean, not quite laughing. Dean knows he doesn’t mean about the food.
Gradually, they fall asleep. Castiel feels it, senses it as they both relax and their breathing evens. And as the night goes on, they both curl into him, and he tightens his wing embrace over them as much as he can.
“Just shut up and listen.” When satisfied Dean won’t interrupt, he says, “I tracked down a witch, a couple months back. She-”
His sword is no longer at the general's throat, but it doesn't seem to matter. The general stares at them both, human together, in the light of an eclipse.
A little later, Sam asks Cas, “What were you and Dean talking about?”
“I’ll get to Aquila tomorrow and General Bishop will meet his fate at the end of my sword, or I’ll meet mine at the end of his. Just leave it, Bobby.”
“I was going to say that to you,” he admits. He pauses and considers, because this is important. Then he nods. “Yeah, I think so. It’s...going to be awkward, but...I think so?”
“Where are we?” Cas asks from behind him.
Sam considers briefly. He can’t think of anything, but decides anyway.
Bobby turns and glares at Sam.
“I love both of you,” the angel says. “You both…” this time he hesitates, searching for the appropriate words, then goes on, “want me as well. And you and Sam are close-”
Cas smiles.
In the last hour before dawn, they all wait, none of them speaking. Bobby sits next to Sam, a flask in his hand that they share. In the pit, Castiel lays next to the wolf, petting his fur. The wolf is calm under the touch. Slowly, the touch calms Castiel as well, the panic and fear of loss ebbing. But he thinks again, prays the thought,
“Did he? What was it like? What did you talk about? Tell me everything.”
As they exit the clearing, the hawk swoops down with a shriek. Dean smiles, halting Impala as he lifts his arm up, and the hawk perches on him.
“I take full responsibility, Sir,” Zachariah says, somber. “Though if he has found a way out of the fortress, it would be a miracle.”
Sam snorts.
Sam sighs. “You've been complaining all day about being warm. And apparently you're twice as hungry as usual."
"What does that have to do with anything?"
brushes past him and he looks down just in time to see yet another shadow disappear, and it’s too dark for him to decide if that was an unusually large rat or some other sewer beast.
Then they wait.
Dean is saddling Impala, while the hawk looks on from the fence post.
Some time later, the waning moon at its height finds Sam and Bobby digging a hole while Castiel, taking his turn at a break, scans the treeline for any sign of the black Dean-wolf.
“It works,” Sam says defensively. “I can always pick a different name if I do keep it.”
"I told you I was gonna stab you in your fucking face," Dean says, and yanks out the dagger. Zachariah tilts and falls to the ground. He convulses for a few seconds, blood pooling, then stills, dead.
“Isn’t this touching.”
“My parents died a few years after I took my commission. And I was never on particularly good terms with my siblings. I’m sure they all think I'm dead.”
“He wants revenge on the general for something. You say you fought together- any chance you know the story there?”
Cas nuzzles his neck and Dean can feel the faint smile as Cas answers, “You smell amazing, Dean. You always did, most of the time anyway, but now…” Cas breathes in again, and Dean can't reign in the snort of laughter that follows. “Now you smell exquisite.”
“It’s him!”
“We do still have much to catch up on,” Cas says seriously, his humor betrayed only in the slight upward tilt of his lips.
Sam sits down by the firepit.
Dean lays there, letting himself be held, just tired enough to not care anymore about appearances. He wonders, then, what the point of his old pretense was, because this...this is wonderful.
"Impala?"
Unsettled, Sam finishes the rest of the meat as quickly as he can manage, damps the fire and heads for the barn, trying not to trip in the twilight darkness. He climbs up to the loft and lays down, sighing.
Sam looks at him in pity. Bobby nods and grunts.
Sam is taken aback by the fierceness of his voice. It’s just a bird he thinks, and then thinks...
Dean heads off to the kitchen to get Sam's water and himself a sandwich. Or two. God, he’s starving. When he gets back to library, he sets down his sandwiches and hands Sam his water.
“You lay a hand on my brother and you lose it,” Dean says to the captain, drawing his own sword.
“Yes.”
The guard salutes and heads off down the rows of cells.
The kiss ends. Cas drifts, his mouth going to other places, cheek, jaw, neck. Dean’s breathing grows heavy, and he gets his hands under Cas’s tunic, running his palms over Cas’s sides, up his back.
“I’m doing you a favor, Castiel. You used to be a real soldier, till that Winchester brat corrupted you. A commoner like him should never have been made captain. I mean, look at you. Look how far you’ve fallen. Keeping company with commoners and beasts.” Ishim shakes his head regretfully. “And to think I used to envy you.”
In that afterglow, he remembers the word. “Petrichor,” he says out loud.
Sam eyes his brother, tests him.
Castiel finally blinks, and opens his mouth, then looks down, embarrassed.
Sam walks past them, continuing through the hall to the corridor across from the one he just exited.
Dean doesn’t react.
need me."
“Not very creative. Might as well name it ‘horse’.”
“One of my men told me you returned. I wanted to cut his throat for lying, because I knew you weren’t that stupid.”
He reads these, first with perplexity, then with fascination. This is an aspect he has not explored very much, but like the pizza man video, he sees the appeal. And some of the words are so well written, so well
That’s not what Sam was expecting.
“What- Why? Come on, man. I would
“There’s not much point. I’m sorry Dean,” he says. “It’s done for.”
He soothes the horse, then mounts it, and turns it towards the road. He goes at a trot, resisting the urge to canter. it makes no difference if he reaches the house in one hour or two.
Sam eyes the grate and weighs his options. The shouting is distant, and the bells have stopped ringing, but they won’t give up until they find him.
“Back up the road, then left at the fork. There’s a cottage in the hills there, not far from the woods. Bobby lives there now, he’ll know what to do. Take Impala, she’s faster.”
“That’s fair,” he agrees. “Cas?”
Dean turns to look back at Cas, and for a long moment, they just gaze at each other. Dean lifts his hand and runs his fingertips over Cas's jaw, his lips. Cas’s eyes fall closed, his lips parting slightly as he leans into the touch. He opens his eyes again and lifts a hand, mirroring Dean’s touch.
Sam shakes his head.
he thinks, bitterly.
“Be seeing you then, bitch,” Dean says.
"Really? Dean One Night Stand Winchester isn't used to waking up with other people?” Sam smirks as he sits up, yawning. Castiel lifts his wings, folding them as he too rises.
"Oh, hey Cas. You find anything on Crowley?"
“Perhaps we will try it the other way another time,” Cas says quietly, for Sam alone. “I like this, though.”
And yet, he cannot have one Winchester without the other, even if he only wanted one. Their bond is too strong. Even when they are apart, they always return to each other. He wonders if they realize that.
Dean takes hold of his cock and then Castiel's as well. Castiel lets out a short, static moan, Dean hisses in pleasure, and both of them are now fully hard against each other.
"One more thing," Michael says, still looking at his map. "Try not to kill the hawk. It's more...valuable than it looks. I'd like it alive, if possible. "
“Take him.”
Freezing is not the word, and Sam gasps in shock as he grasps at the thrashing wolf. He wants to tell him to stop, but has no air for that. He grapples, trying to get a purchase, and the wolf’s claws dig at him, drawing long scratches that pierce his shirt and draw blood. He alternately snarls and whines.
Sam returns the hug then releases him.
“Okay. Fine.”
The horses walk a few more paces before Dean sighs.
Before they sleep, Castiel turns to Sam and kisses him lightly. “Good night Sam,” he says.
“That’s, uh,” Dean says and then stops to clear his throat. “Awesome, thanks,” he finishes.
Cas has taken a few steps forward, stopping just at the edge of the light cast from the broken window. His gaze is also focused on Michael, expression tense. His eyes flick to Dean a moment later.
Sam gives him a dry “fuck you” look.
“I’m glad to have met you, Sam.”
It makes a chirping noise, fluttering its wings before settling down. Dean clicks to Impala and leads them back onto the road.
They kiss again, which leads to other things. And eventually (after the purchase of lube and condoms) they do try both ways.
Castiel smiles, his own face lighting up, but the expression doesn’t last long.
Then he rises and walks towards the woods, the wolf at his side, as if it were a trained bloodhound following its master.
"There's something else."
Sam stops not at the words, but the clear hint of desperation in Dean’s voice. He waits, not looking back.
They finally clamber onto the cart and ride out of town. They seperate at the crossroads, Dean and Cas intending to go their own way for a bit.
They are quiet for a moment together, both contemplating the odd turn of events. Sam is the one who finally speaks. “We should...probably talk about this.”
“We had some ale, talked.” Sam debates briefly about mentioning the wolf hunter, then decides against it. No need to worry Dean. “He told me about how you met, how you thought he was a dick at first.”
Curious, the guard brings a torch up to the cage and the wolf inside growls at him.
In the evening, Dean finds a spot and declares that they will camp there. Sam’s tired enough that he doesn’t object, despite there being plenty of light to travel by. He doesn’t even say anything when Dean gets up and walks off into the woods, though the sun sets and Dean doesn’t return. Sam tries not to worry too much and closes his eyes.
"Hello, Sam," he says.
“Great, another mystery," he mutters to himself, then sits down to stir the fire back to life.
“Yeah, I think so,” Sam says. “My only plan a week ago was to get out of Aquila and start a new life. Bobby’s is as good a place for that as any.”
Dean doesn’t answer. They travel a little longer, and Sam changes tack.
“It would conserve body heat,” Sam says, clearly not pleased with the idea either.
One man does make an attempted move towards them, but a burly man with a beard stops him. They exit the room, and keep walking.
“It will be okay,” the angel murmurs, running his fingers through Sam’s hair.
“Good morning Sam,” Castiel says, quietly so as not to disturb Dean on the other side.
Behind him, Dean audibly chokes. “I’m sorry, what?”
“Hello Sam,” he says.
“So. You and Dean.”
“I miss him,” he says.
Sam hesitates. "I think you're presenting."
“I love you,” Cas says, urgent, and, “I missed you so much.”
He wonders how he ever got this lucky. He kisses the top of each of their heads and lays back until morning.
Bobby just glares at the ones he faces.
Well, now. Michael looks back at the map. Winchester had always had a talent for getting into and out of tight places, and Michael has at least three on his map. And if Winchester won't play, perhaps he can convince Novak back into the fold. He looks at one of his strongholds, the one he anticipates to be the enemy's next target. Yes. Either would be very, very useful.
Then they stop and make lunch out of a few of the cans in the pantry. They discuss whether or not to try and go out to the car for more supplies, but decide against it, as there really isn’t anything in it worth braving the snow for.
“All this for a wolf?” Ishim says to Castiel. “Really?”
Cas smiles back, then goes back to watching the scenery.
“It’s going to be a big one," Sam comments, following his gaze. As if in agreement, the wind gusts fiercer, bringing with it an icy chill.
They try another game that Cas is less good at, but he still manages to win several rounds. This time Sam is the one left unamused as he loses every single hand.
After some minutes Dean says, gruffly, “Thanks. I owe you.”
“Oh shut up,” Dean says grumpily. He winces as the blanket slips off him and he wraps it tightly around himself again. “Coffee.”
Dean has the air of a man parched in the desert, desperate for any drop of water, or in this case, word of his beloved. Sam had never imagined the Dean he’d known ever being half as in love as the one before him is.
“I’m...considering it.”
“He’s no more a pet than Impala is,” Dean says, laying the strip on a piece of leather. “Besides, he’s useful and brought us dinner, so don’t complain.”
His eyes fall on a grate in the castle wall. The grate is rusted, and several of the bolts look to be broken off.
Dean glares at him and slumps back down.
you escaped. Even if you won’t go back.” After a moment he adds again, “please.”
"What the hell Sam?"
“We spent that first year following every damn lead, trying every damn idea any of us had, the smallest hope from one of Bobby’s books. Not a single one did anything. Michael told us himself when he laid it on us, it’s unbreakable. The only hope we have, the only one he allowed us, is that if one of us beg, and I mean
Dean nods. They ride a little further until snowflakes begin to fall. Dean grimaces, and pulls them to a stop.
Cas withdraws his hand from the wolf’s cage, the beast seeming a little calmer now. He turns to Bobby and nods to him.
Slowly, reluctantly, and with pure fury in his eyes, Michael does. Dean keeps his sword pressed to the general's chin and reaches to grab the man's collar, facing him towards Cas. "Now look at him."
Sam doesn’t notice as Dean’s expression tightens for a moment, instead he chews the bread and looks around the clearing. The charcoal burner’s body is no longer where it had fallen.
“This is...wow.”
Dean nods as he dismounts.
“I only see one coward here. What, too scared I’ll send you and your boys back crying? Well, there are only four of you. You should have brought more men.”
Making his way around the village, he avoids the road and the guards patrolling in, travelling as fast as he can away from Aquila and its surroundings. He plans to stop at the next inn over and bargain for a meal and a night in the stable.
“I suppose you know what that feels like, a bit,” Sam says, with a lopsided smile. “Now I’m...I dunno. Looking for something else. Wasn’t anything left for me back there. Thought I would get a fresh start somewhere out east.”
“We should move the bed out here,” Sam suggests finally. “Or the mattress at least.”
“We’re almost there, I promise,” Sam says, hardly less irritated. “Don’t worry.”
Sam makes a snap decision, bursting into a sprint.
Sam sees only a couple children, and not far from where they play, a clothesline with some men’s clothing. Sending a mental apology to the person he’s stealing from, Sam pulls them down. After a quick dash behind a barn, Sam changes into the blessedly dry clothing.
“Are you going with him?” Castiel asks Sam.
“Are you crazy? Why the hell would I do that?”
Dean jerks his head and stares at Sam for a moment,. Something passes between them, and then he too nods.
Sam stares at him.
Cas stares at him in surprise that gives way to a pleased crinkling of his eyes and pink tinge to his cheeks. Dean winks at him, which seems to make the flush rise.
“I don’t need to be comfortable.”
Bobby and Sam explain the plan, and Castiel nods, appearing mildly doubtful but willing enough to go along.
“Fuck,” Dean says when the lights go out a few minutes later.
It’s Sam’s turn to scoff, but as Dean clearly can, he says nothing. Realizing he hasn’t mentioned it yet, Sam adds, “There was a man as well.”
“You take up falconry while you were in the army?” Sam asks, watching.
“Angel sandwich,” Dean jokes.
He’s still not sure
“Not my fault you weren’t paying attention.” Dean shakes his head, grinning again. “Good to see you, Sammy.”
Sam nods, taking both and slinging the quiver over his back. Dean rides towards the men, ducking as one of them lets off a shot. Sam aims for that man first and hits him in the side. Not a kill shot, but enough to put him out of the fight. He slides in the next bolt.
“We did it,” Sam says, giddy.
There’s a screeching from above, and a hawk dives into the fray, harrying the archers with wings and talons. It keeps those two far too busy to fire their arrows again.
The late afternoon sun shines in on their struggle, but something about it is wrong. Dean has become so very sensitive to light conditions over the past three years, and it itches at him.
Around them the captains and advisors murmur amongst themselves. Their general is dead, and no one is quite sure if they should be avenging him or not. Enough doubt has been sown in their mind that no one has yet made a move.
“Good morning Dean,” Cas says to him.
“I’m sorry.”
Bobby disarms his opponent, and knocks him hard enough that the man goes sprawling and doesn’t move. He goes to join Sam, who is holding off the two, but unable to get an advantage on either without the other forcing him back to defense. Together they hold them off.
Zachariah sighs and taps his foot as he waits, his good mood clouded by the annoyance.
“No. I was just worried. Big man-eating wolf in the woods? Kind of not safe to be out.”
Or so he thought, because even though Dean’s dick is exactly as he recalls, Castiel is no longer looking at it as another body part to repair, but as part of the man he is very much in love with and attracted to. He… wants.
Come nightfall, when they are ready to sleep again, Dean asks, sounding awkward and with a faint flush, “Can we switch?”
“Do you have any? Bobby mentioned Michael was your cousin or something.”
“That’s impossible.”
Bobby’s face flickers through too many expressions for Dean to process. Finally, his expression settles, resigned and pained. He nods once.
“Three years ago, you would have said magic of any kind was a fairytale,” Bobby shoots back. He sighs heavily. “Come on, Dean, you really want to live the rest of your life like this? You want Cas to live his that way?”
Csatiel turns to Dean and kisses him. “Good night Dean.”
Michael is no coward and draws his sword. He half smiles, his tone amused.
Sam eyes Dean, then asks, “You really think this will work?”
Sam wants to say no, he doesn’t, but then he has a thought.
“Dean-”
“Fuck,” Dean says, and then sighs loudly before clapping his hands. “Well, we got food, we got a fireplace and some wood, a couple of blankets. We can ride this out.”
“You too,” Bobby says to Cas, offering his arms. Cas is surprised, but not displeased, and hesitantly steps into the embrace, a quick squeeze. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“I wasn’t-” Sam shakes his head. “Never mind.”
Dean makes another noise at that. He’s panicking a little, because imagining that sends warmth that is not from the fire at all coursing through him, and the last thing he needs is to wake up with an awkward boner in these close quarters. Cas doesn't sleep, it could even happen in Dean's sleep, how embarrassing would that be...
“What about Cas?”
Dean’s sullen expression lightens. He glances quickly at Sam, then away.
“Petrichor. The smell of dust after rain. It's part of your scent.”
“We should be able to leave tomorrow,” Castiel tells them. “Boreas’s spell should be completely gone by then.”
“I’m coming,” a familiar gruff voice shouts. “Hold your damn horses.” The door is wrenched open by a familiar grizzled face. Bobby stares at him. “Sam?”
Castiel nods. "I'm aware. You are classed as a beta and Dean is classed as null."
They’ve rationed their supplies and determine that they can eke out meals for at least a week before they run out. Dean hopes that will be enough. He doesn’t quite trust Cas’s assertion that the curse will actually wear off in a few days, but they have little choice.
After a few minutes, Castiel presses his lips just below Dean’s ear and begins to kiss there, his hands moving slightly. Dean leans into it and closes his eyes.
“It’ll blow over,” Dean says. “How long can the dude be mad about some pie anyway?”
Michael permits himself the tiniest of smiles. Perhaps his fortunes are about to change for the better.
"Guess you can still smell wolf on me huh. Well, you don't have to worry about that ‘till nightfall."
“As soon as this blows over, we are going to find out how to kill that motherfucker and kill him completely dead,” Dean swears.
The idea was Cas’s. After laying out the details of how to break the curse and their plans, Sam and Bobby had admitted that the problem with executing it was simply this: Dean’s refusal to consider it.
“Bobby-Dean, you’re wounded, at least let me-”
Sam pulls back. “Wait, he’s okay with it?”
Castiel kneels next to him and strokes his fur.
“What?”
. He stares at Dean, and Dean stares right back at him. A long moment passes between them, as they drink each other in.
Dean turns to stare at him, his expression betrayed.
Dean grunts and yawns. He stumbles over to find the coffee is all gone, groans, and does his best with water and some canned fruit.
"Yes." Sam hesitates, as if wanting to say more.
Dean grins then goes to straddle Cas properly, lining up their cocks. He wraps a hand around both of them, and rests his forehead against Cas’s.
“We have to get out of here first,” Sam mutters.
“Nothing. It’s a blank. One minute I’m me, then I’m becoming...not me, then I’m back. I remember parts of the change, that’s it.”
Somewhat flummoxed, Sam nods, and the man stands, even offering a hand to help Sam to his feet.
“What? No.”
Dean parries a blow and slashes, forcing Zachariah to defend, but he counters the swing and puts Dean on the defense.
“Well lucky you,” Dean mutters, and Sam shoots him a glare.
Sam grins.
He runs after it and hears the trap snap and its pained cry. Heart pounding in his throat, Castiel reaches the place just in time to see Ishim step from the trees and put the wolf down, knife tearing across its throat.
“The two were on the run from Michael, but the general has a long reach. They were found, and Michael himself confronted them. He had learned of their relationship, through camp gossip no doubt. He was incensed by it, but he still offered them one last chance to come back. Not as they were, but if Dean took the mission, and Castiel took some light punishment, he would reinstate them both, but in separate postings, far away from each other. They refused.”
He does miss it, it was his home for millennia after all but not even heaven can take him away from Dean. His heart is with Dean and home is where the heart is.
“We’ve put a lot of work into it. Dean especially, he’ll tell you all about it later, I’m sure.” Castiel says as they stand before the myriad of framed pictures of themselves. Dean hung them up, even some of the secret ones of Castiel that he kept hidden on his phone. He figured that it was their house after all, so they could decorate it however they wanted, even with nude portraits of Castiel.
They’re hardly inside their room as their lips meet again. Castiel shoves Dean against the door, the impact shutting it with a loud bang and he winces at the sound, not knowing it would make so much noise. Dean ignores it as he pulls Castiel into him and tug at his black leather jacket and then his white shirt, urging for them to come off, which they do in a matter of seconds.
“I’m not going anywhere, not for a long time, Dean" the smile on the angels face was like hope on a silver platter. It was everything and more.
It all looks intimate and suggestive to Castiel, and as Dean rests on his side about an inch away, Cas unconsciously turns to his side as well, but it’s all he does, the fear of being wrong about Dean’s signals halting his hand from doing what it really wants to do.
“Sir, please.” Dean pleads in a desperate attempt to calm him down. Cas doesn’t say anything as it happens, he looks around the house, trying to find anything that can help, and when his eyes lands onto the white furry carpet under the table and under David's boots, he knows for certain that David Strand is the killer.
There were only two possible ways it all could play out. He could obey the new orders, keep his hands clean and let Dean die or he could rebel, once more, save Dean and Deal with whatever punishment he had waiting for him later.
"Cas!"
He stood right behind them and listened to their conversation, he understood that it was wrong of him but he couldn’t help it, the sound of Dean’s voice bringing much comfort to him.
Castiel rolls his eyes and tends to the bacon sizzling on the stove. “I guess I fucked it up.” He doesn’t exactly lie, but he doesn’t mention it being about Dean at all. He wishes he could though, Sam had always been so easy to talk with, he was always understanding and supportive, and maybe that’s why he was the first to learn that Cas was gay. He refrains from opening up, though, and falls quiet.
“Until we meet again detective Larry Trainor.” Cas reaches out a hand for him to shake, and he does without hesitation.
His hand twitches now, the same way Dean’s did just a few moments ago. He slowly reaches for the gun in his coat's pocket, not to draw it but to keep his hand around it, to feel secure. A gust of cold wind passes through them, and David’s eyes gape, as if he hadn’t gotten used to the feel of it, and the sight of his dead son appearing in front of him out of nowhere. He lets out a gasp, and that’s the warning Dean needed to know that the ghost was right behind them.
“It’s not just about what’s on the outside. Like I said, Dean, I find every little thing about you beautiful.” He realizes how much of a love confession his words sound like, but he doesn’t falter, letting them flow like breath.
“Would it make you jealous if you knew that I praised another man like this?” Castiel’s lips break into a smile.
The clock is ticking in a steady pace on the wall behind Dean as it counts each second and each minute. The noise faint in Dean’s ears mixed with the sound of his metal seat shuffling and scraping against the hardwood floor, creating yet again new scratches he’ll pretend he has no recollection of creating. His wooden tipped ballpoint pen swirls and dances swiftly on a piece of paper, leaving behind a trail of thin black ink.
the same as it did yesterday, the year before that and the year before that.
“Dean" it wasn’t Sam’s voice. He was sure that he was hallucinating, being on the brink of death making him go crazy. He would have believed that if he didn’t see, through blurry vision and all, the tan coat before him, taking his brothers place.
Dean nods and Castiel lets go of him so he could press play on the last song that played on his phone.
“—2254 Minx Avenue. Just about an hour from your motel.”
Sam walks up to the entrance, his steps hesitant, unsure of whether or not he should be disrupting Dean who made it clear that he didn’t want anyone around him today. He knocks on the door that leads to the garage, and he gives Dean a smile once their eyes meet.
“I missed you so much.” Castiel almost cries against Jacks skin as he gives him a tight hug.
He rests his hands on Dean’s hips, their eyes locked, the blue and red dim lighting in room setting the tone. Dean’s hands find their way around Castiel’s shoulders and he pulls him closer while swiftly swaying from side to side.
Their hands are intertwined as they sit on the porch of their small countryside home. Charlie, Sam and Eileen’s four year old daughter waddles out of the house and onto the porch with Jack right behind her, cooing and giggling as he chases her up and down the front yard.  .
With his breath heavy and his voice hoarse, he looks up at Castiel and whispers, “I love you so damn much.”
Sam felt bad for not knowing that and he felt even worse for making Dean talk about it when he clearly wasn’t ready.
Jack was gone most of the times yet his presence was always there, lingering in the air and in every little particle in the universe.
“I see them the same way as you humans see snowflakes. Each one unique, yet as beautiful as the rest.” He carries on, and if Dean could kiss him, he would, but he halts, taking note of the way Castiel’s mouth still parts. “I find every little detail of you beautiful, Dean. It’s why I rebuilt you as you were, freckles, scars and all.” There’s a tint of red on Castiel’s cheeks, but it doesn’t compare to Dean’s, and the way his lips can hardly stop themselves from tugging upward. He feels the burning in his stomach, it feels nauseating yet pleasurable at the same time.
The hunter cursed under his breath and pulled Castiel into a tight hug. He never thought that he could ever speak to the man again let alone hug him. It felt exhilarating. Heck! it felt better than that, Castiel just couldn’t come up with a word to describe the feeling. He wasn’t sure if such a word existed, feeling that the love he had for that man something so extraordinary and pure that no one could ever know what it was like. It wasn’t a love that humans understood, it wasn’t a love that the angels could understand either, all who knew what it was, what it meant, even with the lack of words to describe it was Dean and Castiel. They were the only ones who knew what their love meant.
Everyone except for Eileen, Sam, Charlie, and Stevie leaves the house, but they retreat to their guest rooms soon, not wanting to ruin Dean and Castiel’s moment.
Sam walked in soon after miracle. He was reluctant, not sure what state his brother was in now. It hurt seeing him that way, but what hurt more was how Dean tried to hide his pain from him. He said ‘We need to carry on, keep on living, for the ones we’ve lost' but Sam knew that he didn’t really mean it, he didn’t want to move on, not without Cas, or even Jack. It was impossible for him to.
He’s not sure what to call it but  luck  is the closest thing he could think of as he orders another round of drinks in the bar of the hotel they’re staying at, paying for it with the thick wad of cash he made from winning poker games and beating one of those flashy, noisy Elvis machines. They down their drinks within minutes, the alcohol making them feel like dumb, gleeful teenagers with nothing but trouble on their minds.
A breath releases from Castiel’s mouth and he suddenly doesn’t feel as angry and frustrated as he did just a moment ago. He looks to Dean, who’s eyes glisten under the flickering blue and red lights coming from a police van a few feet away from them. He tries to find the anger in Dean’s eyes as well, but there’s non, just pity and despair.
A new body formed out of thin air, piecing together like a puzzle. It engulfed his soul and as it did, he could feel the blood flow through his veins, his bones moving, his heart beating and muscles tensing as he lifted both arms and scanned them with the brand new pair of blue eyes he got. His majestic wings were spread out wide above him, the light above them illuminating them and creating a kaleidoscope of colours spread onto each and every feather. They looked beautiful and they stood for everything that Castiel was. He was light and colours. His soul was spontaneous, his vessel extraordinary, and so were his wings.
He rebelled for that moment and he would do it again without second thought. He was destined to rebel, destined to be the broken angel that couldn’t be controlled. It was always meant to happen, no matter who wrote the story, no matter how much they changed the chapters. It was destiny. A broken, shattered and yet beautiful one.
"Don't!" He snaps as he feels Dean's hand carefuly snake up his shoulder. Dean is concerned but Castiel couldn't give a damn right now.
“Not your life, your grace. All of it. You go out there and save him, and as you do so your grace will diminish and you will become human, you will live, feel and die like the rest of them" he interrupted. He didn’t even need to say it twice because Castiel was on board, no matter the price he had to pay, he would pay it over and over again if it meant that Dean was safe.
Their clothes come off easily and before they know it, they’re making love, with Dean beneath Castiel, moaning his name into damp skin while his strong arms wrap around Castiel’s body, as if to urge him to go deeper into him.
They’ve contacted Sam about thirty minutes ago and he helped with the tedious work Dean refuses to do. “You won’t ever make it in this line of work.” Castiel remembers teasing when Dean picked him up and lifted him so high that it felt like he was flying again.
“A boyfriend?” Sam raises a brow and a teasing smirk sneaks onto his face.
I come up blank
He struggles, his hand unsteady, the feeling of it all strange and nerve wrecking in a sense. It’s been too long since he’s done this, the last time he did it was about a crush he had on the dark haired blue eyed boy in his 9th grade English class— Lee Webb. He was the prettiest being Dean has ever laid eyes on at the time and after only two weeks of knowing him he was convinced that he had found love. Lee was the reason why Dean got into poetry, he tried to impress him, and it was a good way to let his feelings out without actually letting his feelings out.
He tosses the gun to Dean and watches him dust himself off. David wails out in pain, pressing a hand to his wounded leg and looks to Castiel as if he’s some sort of monster.
He snaps his head up, his eyes gaping at Dean’s rather sure and steady ones. “Sure, maybe Sam would’ve picked up on something we didn’t, He’s good at that. He’s my partner for a reason, but so are you. I don’t regret having you here instead of him.” Cas feels as Dean squeezes his hand, almost as if he’s afraid that his words alone won’t be enough to convince Cas.
“So, catch me up here, guys.” Sam is curious but Dean is incapable of speaking as he already chews into the roasted chicken Sam had made.
He jerks his hips forward, shutting his eyes, and when he feels Castiel’s fingers start to unbuckle his belt and unzip his pants, he almost yelps out with excitement.
The bunker feels warmer, it looks brighter and prettier as they step into it, the familiar sounds of the century old computers running like a warm welcome to them. They’re tanner, happier and much more relaxed than the last time Sam, Jack and Eileen saw them.
“You don’t think we should stay here?” Cas looks around to the chaos around them. He knows there’s nothing left for them to do, but still, he can’t help but want to turn the world upside down and find this killer.
Dean voluntarily lays on his back, his hands itching to touch the angel as he stretches his right one out trying to reach him. Castiel hooks his fingers in between Dean’s as he slowly climbs on top of him and pins his hands above his head before slowly and gently rolling his hips, grinding himself against Dean.
Maybe this is why Dean decided to buy it— to mend his past and create a future he knew he deserved to have.
"....but aren't there other rooms in the bunker?" Castiel questions curiously as they're both seated comfortably on their now shared bed with their backs leaning against the headboard.
Dean breaks into a smile and treads forward before taking a seat beside Castiel, bending his neck, and turning his head to catch Castiel’s eyes behind him. The former angel lays on his back with his arms folded under his head, and he’s watching Dean look back at him, swiftly moving himself backwards so he could lay down as well.
"I- I love you, Dean"
He carefully makes his way through the narrow path to the front porch. He notices a red mini van on the side of the house and prepares himself to find someone other than the kids in the house. He clutches his hand tightly around the gun and by the time he makes it to the porch, he raises it higher expecting just about anything.
I have you now, right by my side holding my rough and aging hand
There
“Sit down.” Dean looks to his brother and waits for him to do so. Sam sits beside Dean, with his back pressed against the impala and his knees pulled up to his chest.
“It'd make much more sense. I mean you’re an angel, I don’t know how many other handsome men you’ve seen and saved before me.” Dean says, not taking note of the fact that Castiel’s words were a joke. He’s seen attractive men before but non that has made his heart flutter like the way it does when looking back at Dean.
Castiel growls out in both pain and pleasure and a few thrusts later he feels himself pooling deep inside of Dean, the thrill sending a wave of chills down his spine. Dean follows suit and spills all over their bellies, but he couldn’t care less about the mess as Castiel’s soft lips closes around his own, muffling out his screams.
They don’t know how they ended up here but they’re glad they did. This moment so pure and precious that it’s already embedded deep into their souls and that whenever they feel alone all they need to do is just close their eyes and dream.
Castiel slowly turns and watches him, mesmerized by his beauty, by the way his dark, long lashes brushes over his freckled cheeks, and the way every crease on his forehead has been eased as if to show just how peaceful he truly is. Castiel wishes that he could wake him and tell him how much he loves him. He wishes to press his lips against Dean’s and make love to him like he’d never done before.
They reunite with Dean and Eileen in a few minutes and sit out on the patio where they eat breakfast together. Dean and Castiel try to keep things as normal as possible, but they fail to even make each other smile once, and that’s enough to put doubt in Sam’s mind.
“When you and Eileen got serious, weren’t you scared that you might lose her, like you lost all the other women you’ve loved before?” his question catches Sam off guard, and the more he tries to make sense of it the more he steers clear from getting to the bottom of it.
He scoffs at his own words. Dean knows better than anyone that Castiel couldn’t give a rat’s ass about heaven and their rules, and that’s why Sam doesn’t even attempt to remind him.
He thinks to himself, his lips curling up as he smiles. “Well, I think you’re quite beautiful too.” He speaks and Castiel lets out a laugh.
Sam doesn’t deny it, but he doesn’t confirm it either. Castiel did go up to him earlier and said that Dean’s upset with him. It was all he said, he didn’t give an explanation and by the way Castiel looked at him, Sam knew not to ask.
Your tongue slowly tracing over them
"Dean" Castiel's hand tentatively rests on Dean's knee, getting the human to turn and face him. His eyes matches Dean's, both drenched in pain and heartache and as if everything else wasn't enough to handle Castiel has to try and convince the man he loves that he's not going to lose him again not even 24 hours after already losing him.
“Do you think they make me look funny?” Dean questions quietly “the freckles, I mean. I’ve never liked them.”
Dean now lays flat on his back and Castiel is on top of him, grinding his body against Dean’s, already feeling the heat begin to boil up in the pit of his belly.
“There’s one person I didn’t mention yet,” he smiles and every one already knows to turn back and look to Castiel. He blushes, not sure what is happening at this very moment.
The dead boy combusts into a golden flame, and he screams, as if he could feel the fire burning off his flesh and turning his bones to dust. Castiel doesn’t know whether or not he felt it and neither does Dean, but they hope for the kid’s sake that he didn’t.
They spoke to the local police and pinned everything together in less than two days. It was a vampire nest they were after, an odd one at that. They preyed solely on kids and cut out their witnesses tongues. It was sick but Sam and Dean didn’t even wince, they’ve heard and seen so much worse than that.
Castiel wasn’t sure if it was a threat or not. He wondered what would happen if he were to simply just risk it all and hold the hunter one last time. He would hold onto him so tight and maybe if he had the courage he would kiss him too. The idea summoned a strange feeling in the pit of the angel’s belly, his tummy churned and his cheeks were burning red. He figured it out within a moment and when he did he smiled, knowing that even after the human in him has been stripped away until there was nothing left, his love for Dean would never dissipate.
“Dean!” Sam exclaimed just before getting rid of the vamp that had his brother pinned. Dean held onto him, his hands shaky and his eyes watery. How does he tell Sam? How does he break his brother’s heart and take away the one thing he never wanted to take from him? He didn’t know how but he knew that he had to.
He hates to think of himself as a weak human who can’t control his urges, but as he continues staring through the crevices, he knows that that’s exactly what he is.
“Yeah, turns out he knew the last victim.” Dean speaks into his phone as he steps outside the Dalton’s yard, treading his feet all the way to his car. “They all attended some music camp last summer.” He adds and Castiel frowns, trying to make sense of it all. Trainor stands beside him, curiosity in his eyes, but he doesn’t hover over Castiel’s shoulders, sure that he’d say something if it were important.
And then, naturally— like something given, the words begin to flow, creating a new poem he hopes would be as great by tomorrow morning as it is now while he’s high on serotonin.
the minute our eyes met
I can still remember the way your eyes glistened,
He downs his beer, and everyone cheers, even Castiel who’s sitting in the back, too tired from dancing to stand.
"You don't have to because I'm leaving" Castiel interrupts Dean yet again and pushes past him to get to the door. Dean, however, halts his movements by latching his hand around Castiel's wrist, gentiy tugging him back.
"Love?" Dean's voice is a few octaves higher than usual and he clears his throat when he realises. He suspects that Castiel's lost his mind in the process of losing his grace becasue Dean knows absolutely jack squat about love.
Cas can’t manage to say it out loud though, the only thing he manages to do is lean forward and let his lips find their way around Dean’s.
“I know.” Dean simply says, his mouth half full. Cas doesn’t speak as he wraps his arm around Dean’s body and places a soft kiss against his shoulder.
My love for you, Castiel, runs deeper than you could ever imagine
This is all new to him, things he rendered as useless in the past are now staring him right in the face. He has never needed to worry about food, water, clothing, and having a roof over his head but now that he's human it's all he can think about, that and his magnified feelings of sudden despair, anxiety and lust mashed together and shoved straight into his heart without any warning.
Another dead body had shown up while Dean and Castiel worked a case in Sacramento. Sam was at home, refused to come because the last time he was in that place he had to watch the love of his life die the same way his mother did 22 years ago. It was too much to bear, and Dean understood when he whipped up a lie about how his knee had been killing him from a hunt they’ve come back from a week ago.
“What the hell?” was all he could come up with, his mouth agape as he stared.
The angel who risked it all for one man
He was out. That pained and wrecked feeling he constantly had, gone. Replaced by nothing. He couldn’t feel anything anymore and it was like he was back at the start, back to the time when he was first created, nothing but a ball of energy ready to be formed into whatever being they want him to be. The first time was Chuck, and now it’s Jack. His father carved him into a blunt instrument, a soldier that was designed to take orders without hesitation. Question was, what was Jack’s plans for him? Was he about to erase the past twelve years of his life and turn him into that same soldier or was he thinking of something different, something Castiel could not even imagine?
