Now it’s Steve’s turn to shrug. He can’t quite come out and say that he begged to get this assignment. To get the chance to get Bucky away from the Avengers’ Tower for a while.
“No, Buck, no it’s not,” Steve says and his hand is on Bucky’s shoulder to make him look back up before he thinks about it. Before he remembers that Bucky gets triggered by unexpected or hard touches. “Fuck, sorry.” He lets go.
“Be a punching bag for him to work out his frustrations?”
Coincidence then, not a memory. Air is still very slow in coming back. So instead of answering, Steve pushes the drawing towards Bucky.
“I’m sorry,” Amara turns her smile back on him. “I get protective. He shouldn’t be flirting with you.”
Gabriel ignores them in favor of walking up to where a group of muscular men is apparently getting instructions. Or getting lectured, as it seems.
“I like bacon plenty,” Dean grumbles. “Bacon burgers are a thing.”
Gabe shrugs. “Nah, can’t be. I’m everyone’s type.”
Bobby frowns at him, disapproval radiating from every pore. It should be ridiculous, seeing how he’s wearing a sweater that has a Christmas tree on it and says
“Your baby,” Dean says tonelessly.
“I.. I want to come home. I… I miss you, too.”
Dean laughs. “Tell Ellen I send my best.”
“May I remind you that I
“It’s my job to listen to you, Steve,” Bucky says softly.
He nods. He knows that. It doesn’t necessarily make him feel any happier but he’s made up his mind and he thinks that this might actually have a snowball’s chance in hell to work, so there’s that. “I’ll be good,” he promises her and hugs her back as tightly before letting go. “Keep me updated on the papers?”
“Good,” Cas nods satisfied. “Then let's get inside and get you something to eat and drink. I have a feeling you need it.”
Cas turns to him and raises one eyebrow, a picture of indignant innocence. “Huh?”
“You have met me about ten minutes ago. You have no idea who I am!” Dean snaps.
Claire looks from Dean back to Cas, hesitant. “You don’t gotta,” she says. “If you have other plans. But Bobby and Ellen are pretty cool. But you gotta be okay with Kaia,” she says with vehemence.
Cas nods, and Dean isn’t sure what he’s agreeing to, whether it’s the egg or the fact that Dean is pressing him against the kitchen counter now.
She takes a sip of her tea, giving him time to figure out what he wants to share next. Cas is not sure, though. He had planned to give himself a little more time after all. Had planned to work it out. In a list, maybe, with little check boxes. Check off every piece of his past that he’s looked at until he’s worked through it all and comes out a better man. One who can be good. To Dean, if Dean still wants that. But also just someone who can be good.
“What?” The world has come to a screeching halt somehow.
Cas grimaces. "I’m sorry. I come from a religious white middle-class family. Everyone was either in the military or worked for the church."
“Wanna become a politician instead and change the frikking laws?”
and his loyal
“Okay. So I assume what you want from me isn’t counseling on how to make things work out between you two?”
“Dude,” Dean’s not sure whether he should take offense or laugh. He decides to go for the third option. “Keep this up and you’ll never again have a leg to stand on when telling me I’m too self-deprecating.”
Hannah isn’t even taken aback by his outburst. “To move on,” she answers without hesitation. “To stop running from the past and live your life. You deserve that, Castiel. You do. And isn't that what you want? Why you are here? To stop running?”
“Yes, because you’re drenching him.”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
Dean raises eyebrows. “I didn’t ask. I don’t care. We are not going to have a dog in the bunker.”
now, and at 90-something neither of us qualifies.”
Dean chuckles because this whole conversation is taking a lot of unexpected turns. "What’s with the fifth degree, Cas?”
“Take your brother and get the Christmas tree in.”
It makes Dean’s heart go soft. “Yeah, I’d like that, too.”
“Meaning?” Steve asks.
Then Cas pokes him in the shin. “Don’t be a grouch, Dean. Say Hi to Simpson.”
As soon as he’s gone, Natasha turns back to Steve. “I like you, Steve. A lot. But you hurt him, you’re dead. Not a threat, just a warning.”
Cas looks at him without understanding.
“No,” Cas shakes his head. “More like they fell out of their own time and only recently arrived here. Steve seems to get very confused by modern things, but he has a - sort of physical knowledge of older things. In a way, it reminds me of - me,” he finishes hesitantly.
“Not your fault,” Steve says quickly. “I was your superior in that unit, too. First time you were under my command. Do you want to know how that went?”
“I thought so,” Cas nods. “Dean, I know this isn’t fun. That it feels bad. But the longer soulmates are apart, the stronger the bond works to get them back together.”
“Because I thought I was doing the right thing,” Cas, who had been listening to their volleys silently so far, pipes up. “Because I thought your life would be better without me.”
“Oh, you gotta bring the two of them by then,” Natasha says from where she’s suddenly showed up in the doorway, “my boys have just said this morning how much they’d like a dog.”
“It’s fine,” Bucky says and leans closer until he is resting against Steve’s shoulder.
“I think they are very nice,” Cas states dryly.
So of course that’s the moment, when his phone beeps.
“An apocalypse?” Steve asks and feels kind of faint.
“Hi Charlie.”
good,” Balthazar grins. But when he sees Cas’ face, he relents. “Missouri told me you were in town. Told me it was a good idea to keep an eye out for you around the cemetery. Said something about you being a stubborn idiot for not calling her to come with you.”
“Just a hunter who’s helping me with this,” Sam shrugs.
So many revelations.
“You sure about that? Cause the world at large thinks otherwise.”
He’s clutzier than usual, his nerves getting to him and his hands not steady. “Sorry,” he apologizes though he doesn’t look at Charlie. “Do you want something to drink?”
“Shit,” Dean curses. He’s actually not sure which of these is worse. But he takes the phone from Cas and looks. And freezes.
“Warning stands,” Natasha tells him and then turns to Bucky, “Give me that and we’ll see whether the virus has found its target.”
A day ago, Steve would have said that it’s not cool of him to ogle his best friend. But that was before Bucky kissed him, throwing Steve for a loop.
So Dean paces and paces, intermittently trying to concentrate on the voice of the announcer on CNN, never quite managing and going back to pacing again. One hour to go. 45 minutes. 30. He counts down the last half hour in five minute intervals, checking the brightness outside again and again. He’s not supposed to start out before dusk. But today, the sun doesn’t seem to want to set. Another 15 minutes of pacing and finally, the colors of the sky begin to change. Blue changes into a warm peach and then a glowing red. It looks beautiful, or it would, if it didn’t look like the sky was aflame.
She predictably rolls her eyes at him. “Just drive, Dean.”
Cas shakes his head to clear it. Someone must have seen him climb in, right? At the very least, someone was leading the horses that pull the wagon. A thought which makes him notice, “We’re not moving anymore.”
So, Cas has picked up on the apologetic note. Ah well. “Seen them, sure. But have you ever been a part of them?”
Dean takes a deep breath when he hears the voices from the front door. He’s so not ready for this. Steve will outshine him because so far he’s done that every time they’ve met. And Dean will have to watch Cas smile at Steve and be excited about having him over for company, in a way he’s never excited about being in Dean’s company. And yeah, Steve’s most likely evil, but there’s the off chance that he isn’t, and even if he is, Cas will still have figured out that the Winchesters aren’t the only humans on the planet that he can latch onto, and oh God, the voices are coming closer.
“Thanks,” he replies though even the smell of the food turns his stomach. “Let me get you a plate.”
Bucky nods. His memory may have more holes than Swiss cheese, but his tactical instincts have yet to fail him.
He almost expects Cas to tell him how fragile he thinks Dean’s self-worth must be if it hinges on the pattern of the covers on his bed, but that might be his own mind-set, because Cas’ eyes brighten. “I like that compromise. Are you sure?”
“No.” The word isn’t loud but the tone still makes Dean flinch. Charlie seems to notice it, too, because her voice is softer when she continues. “No, Dean. I’m sorry but I won’t be able to do that.”
“Yeah,” Dean nods because that word seems to fit.
Still, Cas holds tight to the mane of the mare because everything is suddenly in motion. It isn’t the steady rolling of a wagon, either, there are four different hooves doing four different things.
So he goes running.
The rare show of temper has already passed by the time he reaches the last sentence but Dean still ducks his head. He doesn’t want Cas’ patience to completely run out.
“What a coincidence to meet you here,” the blonde guy says, stepping in front of his boyfriend. A protective one, Steve figures.
“We could have taken Lucky. That would have made the suburban undercover thing perfect,” Bucky muses.
Dean snorts softly. “No, he really didn’t.” Then the tiny bit of amusement drains out of his voice. “But our father – he changed after our mom was gone. He hardened from the inside out. His opinions on Omegas changed, too.” He glances at Cas for a quick moment but then averts his eyes and concentrates on the path in front of him again. “Bobby didn’t agree. Especially since – Anyway, their falling out was pretty bad.”
“Dean,” Cas squeezes his hand encouragingly, “You can do this. I know that you can.”
They’ve told Sam. And Sam has a girlfriend. Eileen, who’s a hunter. Who Sam immediately bonded with apparently and Dean didn’t even notice.
He brings up the photo he took of the picture of Cas and Gabriel, looks at it again, this time trying to figure out whether there’s anything similar between Gabriel’s expression and the way Dean looks when he has a bad day.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Even you have to admit that there is something off about them.”
“Umm, Cas, they ain’t exactly rich. They don’t have the space and I don’t want to be a bother. Just drop me off at the Roadhouse. I can find my way from there.”
“I don’t think I have to tell you this but have patience with the tough guy,” she tells Cas. “Grieving takes time. But in the end, he’s gonna choose you like he’s done before. I know it with all of my heart.”
Cas looks up from where he was staring at a book about gardening. “You’re back.”
Cas thinks he can actually feel the blood leaving his face. “That sounds even worse.”
He does a double take.
“You had many dames in the 40s,” Steve reluctantly gives voice to his thoughts when the silence gets too loud. “They never stuck around, but you were a real ladies’ man.”
A shudder runs down Dean’s spine. Whatever this is, it isn’t good. Still, “Who are you talking about?” he asks, trying to match Cas’ tone but his voice too loud in the room anyway.
"Uhh, his lips are very kissable as well?" Dean tries.
“Well, you’re not expendable to me,” Dean bites. “So you take Kaz and you give your own horse to Ellen. She’s hopefully enough to keep your temper in check and keep you from doing something stupid. And if she isn’t, well, Kaz is the fastest horse we’ve got.”
“Hey! Take some stuff inside!” Dean shouts after them before turning back to Cas. “So, this is Singer Auto Salvage. Looks like a junkyard, pretty much is one. ‘S also the only place that Sam and I ever sort of called home. After the age of four, anyway.”
The voice is deeper than Steve expected, startling him somewhat. There is no friendly smile to go with the words and boyfriend guy – Dean - cringes ever so slightly at the words. There’s something there, history that they don’t know of. But it’s the first time the guy they’re after is talking, so Steve takes it as a good sign.
"I'm not - exactly military anymore. But it is much easier to find a job in the vicinity of what you know how to do."
“What?” Cas squints at him, puzzled.
Claire notices it, too, that they've ended up on a well-trodden path cause she shakes her head with what passes for a fond grin for her. "Wasn't what I wanted to know anyway. Why him?" She clarifies. "I've seen you flirt plenty in the past three years and you've picked up enough people for a night or two. But I've never seen you fall for anyone. So why him? What makes him different?"
Sam gets his buzzing phone out of his pocket and swipes over the screen. His whole face lights up at the caller ID.
“You don’t have to.”
“No problem. I brought enough food for two.” She holds up the take-out bags.
“Dean, you have slept with many people over the years,” Cas says sternly. “Usually not more than once.”
“Hey, Sammy. Up already?”
Dean swallows and lets go of that thought. Everything is going to go well. They have it all planned out. They have a life together to start.
Dean shoots a smug smile back to his partner and walks past Steve into the house.
“But you meant it.”
For a long few heartbeats, Dean doesn’t answer. Instead, he pats a hand over his stallion’s nose, who snuffles at Dean’s shoulder like the good-natured animal he is.
So Dean hollers at Ellen that they’ll be back in twenty and they grab their jackets and go out.
Cas feels the heat rise into his cheeks. He’s definitely still not completely used to it. Or at the very least, he’s not used to public happiness about his wish to belong.
Cas laughs softly. “Oh Dean.”
. As if hitting your spouse is some sort of bad phase. There are even some Guardians who…” She shakes her head. “But nevermind. What I want to say is: Dean, I’m on your side. Whatever action you take, I’ll back you up. But I can’t promise you you’ll win a court case for an Unsealing based on this.”
“Where is your laptop?” Sam asks without explanation. Something is off.
But apparently Cas gets it because he’s quiet for a while, before he finally says, “I’ve spent a long time coming to terms with myself. I cannot lose that.”
“And yet in all of this time, I never told you why I’m here,” Cas replies and averts his eyes, his whole posture slumping.
Steve squeezes his hand again, a wordless promise that he’s here and will not abandon him whatever Bucky tells him.
“Text. Numbers. All in a command box. It’s too fast to make out.” Dean tries a few key combinations. “Normal keyboard commands don’t work. And the screen is blank apart from that one window. Sam, who the hell is hacking us?”
And Dean thinks this is quite enough scrutiny for the moment. “If we’re through, then everyone out. It’s been a long day.”
Dean looks questioningly at Cas.
“I promise I won’t,” Steve laughs.
“Don’t,” Cas touches his shoulder but Dean shakes it off.
It’s always a bit of a gamble when Bucky gets upset. Sometimes, you get an angry James Buchanan Barnes. Sometimes, you get an angry Winter Soldier. You really want to avoid the latter.
“Yeah,” Dean nods.
“No,” Dean shakes his head. “My father never liked it when I…” Staring at the band was the quickest way to get a beating. Especially when his father was drunk, and even for Sam, who never really got in trouble otherwise.
“I don’t. Or didn’t. But she introduced herself. I don’t fathom there’s that many Amaras running around who have a complementary soulmate mark to yours.”
“Right,” Dean says because that makes sense. They can’t have the police track them through the country if they want to disappear. There’s already a motel room rented under a false name for Dean a few towns over. It’s prepaid in cash for a month, no questions asked. He has a place to wait for Cas. He nods once, decisively, and then turns his thoughts away from tomorrow. “Left or right?” he asks and indicates the bed.
And that’s quite enough of that, thank you very much. “So can you do it?” Dean asks and steps back and away from her touch.
“Look, Dean, you’re not the only one who judges their value by the time it takes them to hack the Pentagon instead of by their intrinsic values.”
“No,” Dean shakes his head quietly, though he doesn’t make any attempt at freeing his hand. “No, of course I haven’t forgotten.”
He smiles at Bucky’s back where he is already disappearing into the house. Pretty much everyone has called Steve mad for this. For trusting Bucky with his life, when Bucky doesn’t trust himself to pick out cereal at the store. He’s got a feeling that their house has Tony on speed dial, too, and that any incident is going to be reported back to the Avengers’ Tower. Ah well, he’s just gotta make sure that there are no incidents.
So he pushed him away to protect himself. And of course Dean blamed himself. Took everything on his shoulders while it wasn't supposed to be like this. And Cas let him. To think about this leaves a sour feeling. He doesn't like this version of himself, he doesn't want to be that.
“Uhh,” Steve replies. “That’s two questions. For the first one, yes, of course it’s okay to wear sweatpants to bed.”
“Ah, a doctor’s apprentice then. Or getting into fights too often.”
But shortly after that his phone buzzes again so he sighs and tries to determine where he put his phone before going to bed. Maybe the texts are important. They better be.
Cas nods. “I think I do. But I - My last relationship was with Claire’s mother. I haven’t been with anyone since. Or with any guy at all. And I don't have the same traumatic experiences you do, but I’ve been deployed. It’s been a while but I still wake up drenched in sweat some nights, and I will probably never go watch the fireworks on the Fourth of July anymore in my life. I’ve got baggage, too, that’s a lot to put on someone. To put on - you.” He gulps visibly.
Suddenly, Dean thinks he hears an undertone of actual worry. And yeah, playing with Cas’ heart would mean playing with Claire’s heart, too. She’s lost her family once already.
“I hear you, man,” Dean says. “I mean, I guess I’m sharing that fate now.”
He shoves his way through the tight assembly of humans and wagons, for once not caring that he isn’t gentle. That he is drawing attention. But then he doesn’t know where to go. There is no place to be alone in a pack like this, not when they’re on the move. And he can’t fall back, he knows that, too.
Dean couldn’t care less, but he nods anyway. How does Cas even know all this useless information like dog breeds? But then, he’s always been kind of a nerd, even back when he was a full-powered angel. Also, he’d had a few millennia to acquire trivia knowledge.
“I apologized for that!”
"Not here anyway. He's from Illinois, remember?"
He doesn’t answer but he can feel how his face heats some more and that’s definitely a confession of guilt.
“Yeah, we’ve got coffee,” Claire confirms and actually goes to get a mug to fill it for Cas.
It makes a sick sort of sense. Dean hesitantly picks up the wide black wristband. “Amara and Amelia, huh?”
“I’m aware,” Dean snaps, patience finally running thin. “Believe me, I’m very well aware.”
That makes the other guy’s - Castiel’s, Steve has to try and remember the name - eyebrows rise and he gets up to his feet, brushing the dirt of his pants and coming a few paces closer to his side of the fence. “You’ve heard that’s a thing you do? Shouldn’t you be in the know about social norms?”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
Instead, he figures that he should concentrate on the task on hand and grill the burgers. The sooner this is done, the sooner he can go back in and observe Steve.
“Don’t you need to know what we want first?” Cas frowns.
“Yeah, man, I’m not old enough yet to get a heart-attack from one little fright.”
“So then you decided to do this?” Dean points at the tattoo covering Cas’ wrist.
“I’m sorry,” Cas apologizes again. “There will also be documents showing that you’ve tried to follow the trail and find the killer. You’ll need to touch them before I take them home to ‘find them’. Your fingerprints need to be on them. I thought it better to warn you.”
He intends it to be a gentle kiss, soft and tasting slightly of lemon because of the pie. But the talk of losing Bucky is still heavy in his heart, and it gives the kiss an urgency that he hasn’t planned. A need to hold on and never let go. To never let Bucky slip through his fingers again, never let him fall.
“I’ll sleep on the floor,” Dean decides. “Isn’t the first time, won’t be the last.” But then of course there is the fur-monster to be taken into account now. Dean’s got a feeling that the beast is a cuddler. He turns to Cas after all. “Uhh, but I’d be grateful if you were okay with me sleeping on the bedroom floor. You know, where there’s a door that can be closed and no dog to slobber on me. You good with that?”
“I’ll be right here, Dean. Literally. I’ll be no more than ten steps away.” Cas squeezes his arm for a moment. “You can do this.”
It’s now or never. Dean’s grasp slips against Cas’ palm, his hands wet with sweat. But he pushes through it, tugs at Cas again and the minute Cas moves, Deans legs work as well. Without turning back, he drags him towards the exit.
“Not an option, man. Not an option.” Dean shudders.
“Seems like I was more interested in you than in the game.”
“They used a virus. Elaborate piece of code.”
“Yes. We are quite capable, Sam.”
“Let me help,” Dean volunteers.
Cas hesitates for a moment but then willingly steps into her embrace.
He’s out of breath at that point and out of words, too, so he stops.
“Wa-what now?”
“Oh, you’re awful.”
“Uhh,” Dean’s never really thought to qualify that. “I mean I kind of raised him. So I guess sometimes he’s needs to - you know, spread his wings and fly. Get away from the family for a bit. And that’s good. I mean, he’s always been the smart one. He went to Stanford on a full ride.” It’s always strange, thinking about that. On the one hand, Dean’s so proud of his brother that his heart could explode, on the other hand, having Sam all the way in Cali was not his favorite experience. It’s so much better now that Sam is close again.
“So you two seem to get along fine,” Bucky comments, obviously noticing the silent little conversation between Dean and Steve.
Cas shakes his head, a small smile blooming on his face at Dean’s happy reaction. Still, Dean had been unhappy a second ago and whatever it was that made him unhappy, it has not been resolved. It takes a moment of uncertainty and a bit of stomping down on the small ball of old fear in his stomach, but he asks, “Who is Bobby?”
And suddenly, Dean’s heart is thumping really hard in his chest again. Because that sounds - really frightening and really good at the same time.
“It was a present,” Dean says, voice already defensive. “You can’t order me to take it off.”
“Cas, you…” Dean would laugh if all of this wasn’t so sad. “Cas, you aren’t. You could never be… They mean nothing! You, you mean – “
“Yeah. But apparently the community you grew up in told him to get his agnostic ass out of there and not come back. He thought it was best for you if he complied.”
Dean feels a little faint as everything clicks into place. The speech pattern that he knows. The way angelheart had known about their D&D campaign.
They bring the food back to the table but they haven’t even sat down when Cas comes back into the room. His complexion is not a shade better than it was when the call came in.
Sam picks up after the second ring. “Hey, Dean.”
“No, I’m not. I don’t want to become one of them in your heart and mind, either.”
“You talked?” Charlie perks up. “Good talk, bad talk, relationship talk?”
“It's worth consideration,” Dean grumbles.
that you love it. No one who doesn’t actually want to do this would go through all the trouble we went through to get in.”
“Is it on?”
“Uhhh,” Dean can feel the blush spread. “Not much? And we don’t have to light the candle or anything, I just, you know, wanted to make it nice. Since you’re putting up with me and everything.”
“And what an awesome team we’d make. The mechanic who wants nothing to do with his soulmate and bleeding-heart human rights lawyer on a tour to win the hearts of America. We’d get about three votes. And they’d be pity votes from our family.”
“Okay,” Steve says because he’s still reeling and right this second he’s got no words to argue anything.
A sob finds its way out of his throat, he puts a hand over his mouth to stop it, to stop himself from giving in to this. Then he turns around and flees. Because he can’t stop this, but he can’t cry in front of Dean, either.
“I-,” Cas looks away. “I don’t know.”
Cas flinches at the accusatory tone. "Illinois,” he says quietly. “That's where I come from."
That makes Cas smile again, if only a little. “You have a very unique way of showing affection to each other.”
“Right.” The sarcasm is dripping off of the sentence.
“So Cas is the person you rely on the most in your support network?”
So in the end, he doesn’t question it. All he does is shakes his head and ask, “Want to come in and have some coffee?”
There’s a long pause after that that makes Dean worry more than anything else today.
But then Charlie puts her remote to the side and puts a hand on his shoulder until he looks up at her. “I will not let that happen to you, Dean. I’ll help you get through this. It won’t be fun. But you
antics. He grimaces at the thought and focuses back on Claire and the present. Cause he's not his old man and he can make this better for her than life had been for him. “I’ll make you a deal. You stay sober and make it my Christmas miracle that I won’t get a call from Jody to get you either from the station or from the hospital and you can take the car.”
“Alright,” Castiel nods. “Here, hold this right here, and I’ll help.” He guides Dean’s hand to the handkerchief. It’s already damp where he’s been pressing it on the wound.
“Fear you’re wrong on that one, Cas,” Dean mumbles.
Dean can’t honestly say the same but he plasters a smile on his face and doesn’t remind her how often she called his phone before he finally reacted.
“Cas,” Dean lays back in bed, propped up against the pillows. “Stop apologizing. Everything you did was wanted. Just – you caught me off guard. I’m not used to any of this.”
Charlie’s face falls. “Oh gosh, and it’s a long story. And you’ll want to hear it all before you let me see them, huh? Well, I guess we shouldn’t show up over there before 7 anyway. I remember Dean getting very grumpy. And very grumpy Dean equals twitchy trigger-finger. Let’s not risk that. Okay. We’ll get comfy and do story-time.” She nudges at Steve. “Come on, Dorito-hips, If you’ve got some coffee for me, I’ll tell you everything. Spoiler alert: It’s all about angels. Mainly about the one angel who is particularly dreamy.” Her face brightens up again. “Though I’m guessing you have figured the dreamy part out already. Oh, I hope they’ve actually got their shit figured out. I’m gonna just drown in the cute gay.”
“Dean?” There’s a steadying hand on his arm. “What’s wrong?”
"You can say no," Dean reminds her. "It was his decision to come here after all. He's aware of the consequences."
“They?”
Cas immediately looks apprehensive.
“Are you saying that he – did he choose an Omega over his pack?” Cas asks, not able to keep his astonishment out of his voice.
Steve tenses when boyfriend turns to them. It’s a small motion, the movement immediately aborted, but he sees how the guy’s hand strays towards his waistband. Going for a gun before remembering that they’re moving in and shouldn’t shoot the neighbors. Alright, suddenly he doesn’t feel quite so out of place anymore. At least Steve remembered his role well enough that he didn’t forget that he’s not supposed to shoot anyone.
And in that way, maybe Cas is right. Maybe there are silver linings. Maybe the things Dean went through as a child are what made his mind screech at him the moment Amara stepped into his life. Maybe every punch, every beating that is stored in the muscle memory of his body is what made him react this way. What kept him from following the blind pull of the bond. What made him dig in his heels. What kept him safe.
“Cas, what - what are you saying?” Because that almost sounds like - but it can’t be.
“Like you’ve had such in-depth conversations with them”, Dean bites back.
“Shh,” she calms him. “You are here now and here is where you are supposed to be. Everything else you can decide later. Now, you need to focus on yourself. You came here for a reason and you need to see that through. Not today, though. You did enough for one day. You’ll drink the rest of your tea now and then you’ll go back to your motel room. I’ll give you a number to call. Someone who rents out rooms. You’re going to get yourself a room and you’re going to settle in here. And then you’ll come back to me and we’ll get to work.”
“So,” Dean swallows hard. “I have a question. And it’s not about Claire.”
“Shuddup,” Dean mumbles and by the way his face heats, he’s blushing. Which promptly gets rewarded with loud cackling from Claire. Dean quickly presses on, “So I’m taking it that your date went well?”
“Fuck,” it’s the first time he says it out loud and it reverberates around the empty street almost as much as it does in his head. “Fuck, fuck, fuck.”
“No one,” Bucky replies, and Steve’s heart stops beating.
“Tell me, Cas. Tell me what do you know of soulmates?”
Dean nods. “That was always clear, like always from the time I can remember all the way to now.
Dean thanks her and she nods, glancing shortly at Cas, who is keeping his distance like the sulky angel he is, before she excuses herself with a polite, “I hope you find what you are looking for.”
And that’s - Dean looks at Cas, the dark-haired stranger who came in out of the blue two months ago and has come back every weekend since, never really reacting to Dean’s flirting but always laughing at his dumb jokes, and he thinks of his temperamental blonde almost-daughter and it just doesn’t make sense to him. “Do you have proof?" he asks.
Guardians? Yer a tough case, Dean Winchester, aren’t you?”
“SHIELD?” Cas asks from where he’s standing behind everyone else, watching the emotional scene, apparently unsure where he fits in in all of this.
“Never asked,” Dean says. “Too scared, I guess. I mean I was pretty sure I knew the answer. That he liked me and liked what I could do for him and that he was biding his time until the One came along. And it’s not like - I had made my peace with that. Just thought I’d try to keep him for as long as I could. That’s why I didn’t give up after we broke up. Wasn’t exactly like I had anything to lose. And you know…”
That makes Dean laugh outright. “Nah, Cas, it’s not. It’s much more comfortable and so much more fun.” He stretches a hand out, maybe to pat Cas’ shoulder in commiseration, but then instead, he lets it glide down Cas’ arm until he’s got Cas’ hand in his. “I promise you’ll like it.”
The warnings for this chapter are basically the same as for the last chapter, with the addition that the topic of unwanted body modifications is being discussed in some detail between Dean and Cas.
“You need help with the shirt?” Cas asks. “Didn’t seem like you were all that mobile before.”
Sam snorts a surprised laugh. “He told you that, huh? Figures. He’s doing his best not to admit that he likes the dog. Oh, gimme a sec.”
"Oh."
“Dean, are you okay? Do you need anything?”
“Whatever it is, just don’t do it, okay, Dean? I’ll look into the telemarketer and see what I can find out. As soon as I know more I’ll let you know. Meanwhile, try to relax a bit. Maybe avoid your neighbors for a while. Don’t focus so much on them that you might overlook what is important.”
“I didn’t -”, but then maybe he had. “I didn’t leave a forwarding address but I never hid,” he clarifies. “She never came looking for me.”
“You’re a weird one, Cas,” Dean shakes his head, though his smile is back. He’s pretty sure by now that he’s not only making it up in his mind that Cas is one of the good guys. It gives him an odd feeling in his stomach.
Well, he’s got a little while more. Depending on what Charlie says, a few hours or a few days. Before he has to go find Amara and leave this behind. And for this little while, he’s got to make sure that Cas is okay.
“I know,” Dean says. “I really do.” He definitely wants to avoid a repeat of the almost fight.
“Civilian life?” Dean asks with raised eyebrows.
“Do you feel better now?” Cas asks.
“No. Cas said I need a Guardian for the Unsealing process. And that it can’t be him.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Sorry. Gallows’ humor and all.”
Sam shakes his head. “No one told you that you have to trust them. Come on, we should probably talk about this inside. Who knows who might be listening.”
“I’m not moving in with you,” he mumbles.
“Cas, what the fuck?” Dean whispers the minute Chuck is out of sight. “That guy is a
“They might not welcome us with open arms.”
“Who told you that?” Steve tries to remember whether he ever told Natasha this detail.
“It’s not like I can turn it off,” Cas defends. “Well, technically I can but you’re loud, Dean. And I kind of didn’t want to turn you off.”
“The Winchesters!” She throws her hands up in the air. “I happen to like them, okay? Don’t ask.”
He tries to locate his limbs, one at a time. Left arm, yep. Right arm, ouch. He flexes his fingers a few times. Not a good idea. He looks at his knuckles without comprehension. They are bloody and torn.
“No,” Cas shakes his head. “But I might still take some measures to make things easier on us.”
Cas nods silently.
“For, you know, being accepting.”
Still, he has the time to prepare Cas’ burger, and then convince Cas to let him snap a picture while he’s eating it. He says it’s as a picture for Cas’ contact info in his phone, but really he thinks it might be helpful in convincing Claire that it’s actually her dad that has shown up in Dean’s bar.
Cas tilts his head, confused more about Dean’s gesture than his words, Dean thinks, so Dean lets go before he turns around to go to the living room and find the laptop. He flips it open and of course it’s turned on.
Dean smirks, “But it’s so easy to get a rise out of you.”
Sam throws an uncertain glance at her before looking at Dean. Dean shrugs. He’s known his Guardian for all of a day. He’s got no idea how she’ll react to the - less savory side of the Winchester brothers.
“Well, Luigi, prepare for a hard battle,” Charlie grins and selects Bowser.
He checks his phone but there’s still no new message. Not that he’s expected one yet. He has a feeling Cas didn’t sleep much in the past few nights. So he’s going to be out for a while.
“Yes.”
Cas doesn't really know how he ended up here, sitting at the table with Hannah and drinking coffee. Well, technically, he is well aware of how he got here. He had a moment of shock outside, when it was Hannah in the garden, not her mother, he got invited for dinner, he tried to say No, she didn’t accept it and even offered to let him use the shower. Then there was an introduction to Hannah’s husband, a nice meal accompanied by small talk and now they’re sitting here while her husband cleans the dishes. Technically, it all makes sense.
With this chapter, the story is officially on hiatus due to creative differences and life. It will be back. Probably.
But Bucky’s chosen a tight shirt and it’s sweat-through now and clinging in all the right places. And his pants aren’t the bulky kind of runner’s shorts, either. Instead, they fall smoothly over the extent of Bucky’s ass, and yeah, maybe it’s not completely Bucky’s fault that he’s half a step in front of Steve.
“But I don’t want another fucking soulmate! I want to have a
For the first time, Dean notices that there is a bag standing at Cas’ feet.
But Dean’s shy smiles are beautiful, and if there’s something Cas doesn’t want to do, it’s to lose that smile. So instead of even trying to answer in words, he walks a little closer to let his shoulder brush Dean’s.
Something about that must give him away.
Cas bites his lips, apprehension filling him, even though he knows the house is warm and cozy inside. But then he pushes himself and his feet start moving, even though they drag along the ground, don’t want to give him any of their usual runner’s litheness.
“It’s always one of us, who has faith,” Castiel says and smiles, though there is a sadness in the smile, too, the reason for which Steve is not privy to. Some sort of history between the two.
But then, that’s Dean’s side only. Maybe for Cas, being soulmates with Dean would have been like being soulmates with Amara feels for Dean. The thought makes Dean sick. Never. He would never do this to Cas. If they had been soulmates and Cas didn’t want him, Dean wouldn’t have done what Amara did. He wouldn’t have forced himself on Cas. He would have let him go.
Well, that’s an easy decision then. “As your partner, Cas. I want you to introduce me as your partner because that’s what I want to be. Your partner in life.”
“What?” Dean asks taken aback.
It shuts Cas up. Dean isn't sure whether it's in a good or a bad way.
“So which one of the two is your poison?”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says quietly.
“You were so strong,” Hannah’s eyes stare into space, like she’s looking back through the years. “Always. I admired you a lot for it.”
“Sounds sucky.”
“Sam?” Cas asks, though his voice seems somewhat huskier than normal.
“Why?! Because I want Sam to check it, of course! We still have no lead on the Case and there’s something off about this guy. I don’t trust him.”
He listens to their hushed voices until they make their way into the kitchen.
“Hey, at least she worded that gender-neutrally,” Charlie snickers. “Also, I’m pretty sure Chuck has a boner over angelheart like every other writer on the planet. Maybe Becky thinks they can raise the kids in a big happy commune.”
Cas’ eyes are red and glassy when he looks back up. He keeps his shoulders hunched, like he’s got to keep himself protected.
with my little brother here, okay?”
“Holy fuck! You’re right! They might still be online
For the first moment, it’s awkward, their jackets thick and Cas stiff against him. But then Cas buries his face against Dean’s neck, and Dean’s chin comes to lie on Cas’ shoulder, and Cas squeezes him tightly and Dean holds on fast, and suddenly they fit. Their bodies mold themselves to each other, and there’s shared warmth, and it feels like cookies and safety and Christmas. And because Dean only needs to turn his head a tiny little bit to press a kiss into Cas’ hair, he does so before he can overthink it.
With that, they hang up. For a moment, Dean sits there and stares at his phone. Everything is a mess already and now this on top of it. Jess might not have been in danger
Steve raises his eyebrows because that sounds almost like Sam means it as an actual question. “You had doubts?” he asks.
“Oh Dean…” Her gaze is bordering on pity again before she suddenly chuckles. “I’d say you’re whipped but… you know… he’d have to be physically here for that...”
Bucky finally breaks the eye contact and holds out one of the bottles. “It’s El Sol. I got no idea about the differences but Steve’s a
Charlie laughs. “Yeah, man, I hear you. I’d be daydreaming as well if they had answered me. Oh, oops. Apparently everyone else has caught on now, too.”
He slows his pace until he comes to walk next to the man. “Hi,” he gives him a friendly greeting.
“It’s - complicated.”
as Chris Evans? I’m hurt!” Dean lays a dramatic hand over his heart.
, well, I can throw them right out on their asses.”
“Dean?” Cas asks worriedly.
Dean takes a deep breath. “Yeah, okay,” he nods. “I mean it is your decision who to tell. So - thanks for telling me now.”
Hope that through stubborn insistence and a bond forged not by a mark given to them without their consent but through years spent side-by-side, fighting with and for each other, they’d be able to spite the universe - or maybe not spite it, but to forge their own path and to persevere against the odds.
Dean looks Cas over once again. “Okay, let’s see. You work in an office, but you work out in some way, shape or form because you’ve got more muscle than an office drone should be allowed to have.” So, not flirting with this guy is apparently not an option for his brain. Well, then he might as well go in all or nothing. “You, uhh, like to take charge. Though I couldn’t say whether that is a professional thing, or just, uhh, something private.” Dean is glad that it is dark because he can feel how his face heats up with the statement.
“Hey,” Steve grasps his hand and squeezes it. “That’s pretty close actually. I didn’t hear very well with my right ear. Before the serum. So you kept on my left to make it easier for me to understand you.”
Dean never thought that shopping of all things could make his mood 10 000% better but hey, sometimes you got to be open for surprises.
A second window pops up on the screen, its text at least as fast as in the other one.
“Do you have any of them?” Bucky’s eyes light up. It had taken half an hour but then they’d both been composed enough to join Natasha again. True to form, she hadn’t asked but Steve got the feeling she knew anyway.
“Isn’t it? Dean, you’ve been the one being suspicious of your neighbors all along and now that we’re actually
“Dammit, Cas, that’s so not the point,” Dean shouts, though judging by his own reaction it kind of is.
“Well, he is half-fallen. He might be affected. He seems to like Steve a lot.” Not that this is bugging Dean or anything, but it seems strange to him. Cas never had such an easy connection to anyone right away and with Steve he declared immediately that he liked him. That just doesn’t happen.
Dean snorts and lets his horse’s reins fall to the ground, a sign for the stallion to stay where he is.
Dean mixes the cocoa powder with some sugar and cinnamon into the milk. “Illinois? That’s all I know.”
“You can wait in the living room if you want,” Missouri adds.
He shuts up quickly after that. No one asked his opinion, after all. He’s not even supposed to
“Dean?”
He rubs a hand over his face. But it does nothing to wipe away how drained he feels. How much it hurts. The therapists have told him that it’s good to talk about the old stories. That he should do it as often as possible. That no one knows what might trigger a memory.
They could have founded
“I – thank you.”
Dean’s got the urge to follow him, and really, how the fuck is it that when he’s close to his soulmate, all he feels is panic and the impulse to flee, but when he’s close to Cas, all he wants is to be closer still? Something is seriously fucked up in his brain.
Cas and Dean are finally mated, yay! Now, I know that the epilogue went fast and that we have a lot of possible plot lines still - Cas' heat! Rescuing omegas! Teaming up with Jody and Donna! - but this story was about how Dean and Cas move forward in their romantic relationship until they're ready to be mates, so it’s reached its natural end point here. :) Let me know in the comments whether you liked it and what you would still like to see in this verse!
“Thanks,” Sam nods.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean sighs.
“You can pay me back when you and Cassie have settled down. Right now, your accounts can’t look suspicious.”
Steve ignores the new squeal that the kiss produces and wraps Bucky up tighter in his arms. “Shut up,” he mumbles. “I’m not discussing the matter of my coming out with two redheads in a hallway in the middle of the night. At least not why we have more pressing matters to discuss.” He gives Bucky another small kiss, because it’s impossible not to, but then he looks up and looks expectantly at Charlie.
He breathes a silent sigh of relief when Cas’ arm comes up around him, drawing him closer. Seems like his Jinn dream is still going well.
Immediately, the nerves come back, Cas’ whole body tensing.
Which of course is when his phone rings. Because Dean can’t have nice things. He wants to ignore it, badly, but it keeps ringing and Cas tenses under him.
"Sammy! Did I not lock up last night?"
“That’s Captain America,” Dean says.
It is said as such a laconic statement of fact that it makes Dean shudder. “So instead you kill me?”
And Dean will be damned if his heart doesn’t jump a little at that.
“I think we have firmly established that God isn’t taking an active role in this world’s fate anymore,” Castiel says darkly. “So I wouldn’t give too much weight to Their opinion.”
The wording takes Dean aback enough that he puts down his glass and moves a few inches out of Cas’ personal space. “I hope you ain’t trying to insinuate any bullshit. Cause I’d take that personally and I liked you so far."
Steve can tell that he should let this topic go, it being none of his business, so he nods and says with a friendly smile, “I can’t imagine that he’d react badly. I mean, he is so in love with Castiel, I cannot believe that he wouldn’t want the same happiness for you.”
“Uh-uh, Cas. You want to fit in, you gotta fit in. No business attire at the Christmas party.” Not that a monkey suit has ever been regular business attire for Dean. Though he does own one for bank appointments and the like.
“Natasha,” Steve warns and it might or might not be the use of the word
“Yes, that was the truth,” he sighs. “Though technically, the term is
He jumps up and rips open the door of his room. “Cas?” he shouts into the hallway. “Cas, are you home?”
“But - Gabriel?” Dean asks flabbergasted.
“If I didn’t know this was serious…,” she wheezes.
“Alright,” Dean nods and puts his pillow on the right side of the bed. The blanket is big enough for both of them.
“I sent him a location and time! I can’t help it if he doesn’t check his email and is too late for the pick up!”
“So, you’re saying it’s going to be intrusive as shit.”
It’s a stand-off then, neither of them saying a word.
“What?” That comes from both Dean and Cas simultaneously.
.” Cas spits the word like it’s rotting on his tongue. “There are no pictures from after. He didn’t like it. Not that we’d meet at all. Definitely not that we’d hug. Talk. Make memories that didn’t have him in it. We didn’t meet all that often anymore after.”
“When was the last time you let someone do this for you?” Cas asks quietly. “Let someone be nice to you?”
“You texted me that you chose my brother’s cafe as the meeting point for tomorrow. I would deem it helpful if he was informed about the situation.”
“Right,” Dean answers. “You said that yesterday. Don’t think your faithful brethren agree with you much on that, though. Sam looked it up, there’s a lot of religious initiatives petitioning to make breaking a seal punishable by law again.”
Just to spite her, Steve attaches the picture to an email and sends it to Clint.
“Okay”, Dean nods. At least someone who doesn’t forget all the ground rules as soon as Dean isn’t supervising.
“Don’t call me Sammy. Also, you’re the one who called,” Sam retorts. “But yeah, I’ve been up for a while. I never sleep well while there’s still a ton of research waiting for me.”
“Like?” Dean asks.
“Do I think what?”
Cas looks up from his phone and at Dean. The question in his eyes is unbearable.
It makes Dean shiver in return because the words and the tone imply that Dean is someone that Cas wants. Maybe wants more than just any stranger who offers him a free pass at touching. “I’m sure,” Dean nods and leans into Cas’ touch to get them going.
And then it’s all kind of hazy until a few minutes ago.
Charlie looks from Cas to Dean and back, groans and buries her face in her hands. “You’re such fucking idiots, I can’t take it.”
“I – umm, what?” His mind is not really good at rebooting while Cas keeps using words like
“Peanuts, huh?” Dean grins and goes over to the driver’s side. “Tell me more.” When Cas looks at him with little understanding, Dean shrugs. “Sam has told her all of my embarrassing childhood stories, but I’ve never had anyone to tell me all of hers.”
First reveals. Also a dog.
Cas sighs but he doesn’t protest anymore.
“Maybe?” Jess says doubtfully. “I don't know, Dean. Just be careful, okay?”
“You’re one to talk. Like you didn’t notice that Cas guy.”
Cas’ family.
“... who lose their shit every so often? Only, not you, huh? You’re always there to listen. Always rational. Always polite. But what about you, Cas, huh? You’re not getting any younger, you know. Why are you wasting your time with my sorry ass instead of going out and finding your one, huh?”
“You don’t have to,” Steve says.
“Oh Dean.”
“Well,
“No problem. Do you think you can stand?”
“Yes,” Bucky confirms. “You’re an idiot. With all due respect of course.”
“Thanks. It’s a little - complicated, otherwise.” Sam stops, plugs earphones in, and puts the phone on a little wall that they’ve just been passing, before swiping at the screen again, a wide smile already blooming on his face.
“There was so much pain piled up in here,” Cas softly lays a hand on Dean’s chest over his heart. “I saw it even back in the alley, that you were hurting so much deeper than just the fight.”
“Cas, no offense, man, but I don’t want you to live on the streets, either.”
Cas nods without answering but Dean can see it, how close his sister’s story still is to the forefront of his mind. So he wraps his fingers around Cas’. It isn’t much but he hopes that it’s a small comfort at least. It seems to work, too, or at least Cas sees the attention, because he squeezes Dean’s hand in reply.
He hears the tail end of Cas’ welcome, “And here’s - oh, he’s not here. I’m sorry, I swear he was here a second ago.”
Not that Sam really pays him much mind. He is focused on his brother.
“‘S been the better part of a decade now since any of this shit happened, so like, ‘s not new or anything.” He turns to lean his back against the junker after all, pushing his hands into his pockets and looking into the distance. “That guy Michael that I mentioned? That guy kinda hurt me bad.”
“Guess you’re right,” she agrees amiably. “So, come on, old man, let’s play.”
makes his stomach hurt. He’s written Sam a text message that Gabe’s contact was a wash and that they’re taking a few days to regroup. Sam’s answered to not give up hope and that he’s still looking into the legal side of things. Dean’s insides had churned with the knowledge of how big a lie he was dishing out and how unforgivable it is.
“You’ve seen the shorts, you haven’t seen me in them.” Dean wiggles his eyebrows.
“You flirted,” Cas repeats, voice disbelieving.
“You were a Guardian?” Charlie asks surprised.
Dean’s stomach is decidedly not up for food, but with Cas and Charlie hovering he makes an effort. It’s easier than to have them pestering him. There isn’t really anything they can prepare for the meeting, so the day stretches with a lot of empty time. Cas calls in to work as well, though fortunately he only had one more appointment this afternoon, which is easily postponed. Dean can’t keep himself from watching him while he makes that call. He doesn’t even eavesdrop, just watches the way Cas’ lips move as he talks.
“If we keep good pace, we’ll make it by nightfall. Any word from your brother yet?”
“Avengers?” Cas immediately asks.
“Figure what out?”
Dean opens his folder and looks through the documents. Birth certificate, driver’s license, SAT scores, credit card…
Dean snorts a breath of laughter, though the familiar gruff tone makes his heart heavy with loss. “Miss me that much already?” he jokes halfheartedly.
Dean grimaces at the memory. They had agreed to disagree that day. Mainly, because Dean didn’t want to stop. Yeah, it might not be the healthiest reaction on the planet but he honestly wasn’t afraid of Cas.
Dean turns back to Cas. “So, which motel are you in?” he goes for the practical.
be grieving. Anything between you two will have to survive that before it can become more. For now, you’ll be
Surprisingly, Bucky chuckles a bit and curls up against Steve’s side, nudging his way under Steve’s arm much like a cat. “Wanna tell me why my memories say it wasn’t just in the field that I slept next to you? Why I got a hazy feeling that we also shared a bed at the apartment?”
“I tell you, the Princess is an asshole. Or an assbutt, as Cas would say.” Charlie turns to him in commiseration.
that I’m not cheating on my soulmate and they’d still fire me for having more than one mark. But love is not a scarce resource, Cas. Love is everywhere. You just have to choose to love. To open your heart and let someone else in. I don’t give a fuck whether that someone shares a mark with you or not. Maybe you don’t feel compelled to be closer to them but you
“Well, at least I’m not allergic to him,” Dean grumbles because if this was a cat he’d already be sneezing all over the place.
“I know,” Hannah nods. “She hasn’t forgiven herself for it, either. Or for Gabriel.”
Dean could of course be riding his stallion but he steadfastly trots next to Cas. Until, that is, Charlie leads her dun-colored mare up to them one morning when they’re setting out for the day.
After that, it’s all going through familiar motions. Take the bag and Cas’ keys, lock the front door, get in Cas’ car. The address Gabe’s given him is vaguely South-East, far away from the warehouse they met Rowena in last time. Dean feeds it into Cas’ navigation system and lets his mind go blank. Nothing is important now, nothing but getting to where he needs to be.
“You don’t have to do this. I can tell Gabriel it’s not a good day. You have time to decide. Just, Dean, please. Don’t make me lose you.” Cas’ voice sounds so small, so fearful, so unlike Cas and it’s all Dean can do to hold onto the chair and not wrap himself around his friend. To hold him close and keep him safe until his voice sounds normal again. Only, Dean can’t keep him safe. Dean can’t even keep himself safe.
“Oh don’t you start, too! It’s enough that Claire calls me that. Also, you used to be a skinny teenager!” Dean grumbles.
“Eh,” Dean deflects away from the compliment. “We’re a mess and we know it.”
Dean’s heart sinks, the short moment of preening under Cas’ attention already giving way to feeling pathetic. Well, he’s accustomed to that.
is overstating it for all the options available to him.
Cas blushes a little and scratches the back of his head. “I hadn’t - until yesterday I hadn’t told anyone but Gabe.”
“Because we haven’t? Not like this, anyway,” Cas replies.
She doesn’t say it but Dean hears it anyway.
Dean feels the flush creep up his neck even while he rolls his eyes. “Oldest joke in the book, Charlie. Find some new material.”
Dean looks at her puzzled because she already knows that he’s following Cas around like a lovesick puppy, so there’s really not that much new information there.
Dean visibly bites back a grin. “Bella won’t throw you, no worries. And we’ll stay slow until you feel comfortable with a faster pace.”
This time, Dean complies with a small grunt because the movement strains his bruised ribs.
Cas gets two bowls from the shelf and sets them before Dean. He observes with rapt attention as Dean knocks the egg against the rim of the bowl and then carefully separates the egg without dropping any of the shell into the bowls.
Dean drops down on his couch. “Ah fuck.”
“What we are to each other now!” Cas half-shouts.
“It is nice to see you again,” Cas says from behind him and steps forward. Dean has no idea why he’d felt the need to shoulder his way between Cas and their neighbors anyway. Even fallen Cas can take care of himself. And so far, their neighbors haven’t tried to attack them. Though that Steve guy keeps looking at Cas. Dean doesn’t like that. At all.
Dean looks over at Cas. “Is it safe to leave him alone with all of you?”
It’s the last thing he hears before the door falls shut behind them.
The next morning, Claire is up before him. She's started the coffee maker when Dean's finally out of the shower and dressed for the occasion in his ugly sweater with the seven dwarves in Christmas hats on it.
“Buck,” Steve says quietly, trying to let him know that it’s alright to change the topic if he’s uncomfortable.
Dean yawns. “Guess it’s bedtime.”
“Okay,” Dean tries to calm down. “Okay.”
“Want to tell me what Sam said?” Cas asks after a few moments of silence.
“That is what a relationship is about, though, don't you agree? Working together to make life good for everyone involved, whether it’s small stuff like accessories or - big stuff,” Steve says and Dean is not sure whether he is talking to them or to his partner. Who has been suspiciously quiet so far, seeing how flirty he’s been during their first meeting.
to have been my last relationship. It’s just kinda hard to come back from it. And Cas -” he stops because it’s the first time he’s admitted it out loud to Ellen that she’s not wrong there, either. “Well, he’s a baby-queer. I’m not sure he could cope.”
“So this is goodbye?” Dean suddenly understands. His heart sinks into his stomach again.
After that, it really is just waiting. They stow their new papers safely in the overnight bag, and then tinker around the house, cleaning things, straightening blankets, and in general doing things that don’t need doing because they’re both too jittery to sit down.
“Concealed carry permit?” Cas asks at the same moment that Dean finds the same document in his folder.
Charlie smiles. “Does he care about you the same way?”
“Bye bye, Red.”
“You can’t -,” Cas notices the strong word a moment too late, but he takes a deep breath and pushes through. “You can’t keep doing this forever.”
“I guess so,” Dean grumbles and is more careful this time when he hits the gas again.
“Yes,” Steve nods. He gives Dean a small crooked smile. “But if it is so, I really don’t want to know. I’m too weak to let him go. I’m going to grab onto him with both hands for as long as he lets me.”
Even in the dark, Dean can see the smirk when Castiel replies, “And? Am I going to get an answer?”
“Oh.” Dean takes a moment before he carefully says. “Cas, I’m sorry if it upset you that I talked about this with Benny. But of course your health is a decision criterion.”
, Steve hears Nat’s laconic voice when she showed him her scar. “Did you read about that, too?”
Cas rolls his eyes, though it’s not enough to cover up the worry underneath the affected exasperation. “I meant in general, Dean. Did things go well with Charlie?”
“Well, no one who isn’t at least a tiny bit queer writes loving gays this well. But the girl on girl action is just as well written as the guy on guy stuff, so…”
It’s no good. The only thing that would happen if Dean gave in to this now, if he asked Cas and Cas wanted to kiss him back, would be that Dean wants more. Give Dean your little finger and he’ll take the whole arm.
“Please try to behave.”
. To come back
She turns on her heel. Gabe looks back at them and shrugs before following her.
There is this dreadful pull that he can't escape every time he sees her. His mind screams at him to get away but his body moves closer. Her voice tells him that they are meant for each other. That he should give in so that all will be right with the world. His body wants to follow her suggestion. Wants to let go and find peace. And he’s not strong enough. Goddammit, he hadn’t been strong enough.
Which… “Hug?” Dean asks, still a little insecure that he’s getting all of this right but opening his arms up in invitation anyway.
"Yep."
“What do you think?” Cas huffs, though his eyes get stuck on the picture again. He lets a gentle thumb glide over the smiling face of his sister. “She looks so sweet and innocent here. But she wasn’t, Dean. Anna was tough. She could fight. It didn’t do her a single bit of good. Never does.” He looks at Dean. “If you don’t want me with you in California, I’ll be unhappy, but I’ll respect your wishes. But I’m never going to let what happened to my sister happen to you. I’ll fight my way through heaven and hell to stop Amara from destroying you. I will not watch you turn into a shadow like she did. I will not.”
Cas doesn’t really remember how long Balthazar had been at Missouri’s before they arrived. Not that long. He’d been too much trouble for his former home and then they’d thrown him out of a halfway house for trying to seduce every single guy there. Missouri’s had been a last ditch effort by the state, something to get him over the last few months before they could kick him out of the system for good.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jokes. Of course. It was a joke. Dean’s heart falls. “‘s okay,” he mumbles. “I know that I’m fucked up. And screwed, according to Sam.” He sighs. “He did some more research. Looks like there’s no way around Amara’s consent to break the seal.”
Dean nods along because he doesn’t know what else to do but the mention of
Dean snorts, and Castiel chuckles.
“I’m not letting you give yourself up to Amara,” Cas says determinedly. “But I do not like this option, either. Isn’t there a way where we can just disappear without killing you first?”
“I kinda thought you had known longer. Y’all are taking this very much in stride.”
The orange neon lights throw his face into stark contrast in regular intervals. His hair is tousled and he’s got a three o’clock shadow even though he probably shaved this morning. It’s a good look on him. It gives him something wild, like the boring office outfit is just camouflage for who he really is. Suddenly Dean’s mouth is dry.
There’s a lot of blushing going on then, and if Dean wasn’t still so uncomfortable from the call with Sam, he’d be smirking as well. As it is, he nods curtly. “I’m sorry we’ll have to cut this short, but we got to get back.” He really is sorry, too, if mainly because they haven’t found a single piece of useful information. He’s not even had a chance to excuse himself to go to the bathroom and maybe check out that notebook in the living-room. But it’s too late now.
And Cas has said that to him before. After Purgatory. And Dean had conveniently suppressed the memory and never mentioned it again. God, Dean’s not just a shitty friend, he’s a shitty excuse for a human being. He clears his throat and stutters a few helpless words. “Glad you - didn’t. Don’t know what I’d… I… Glad you’re still here, man. On this planet, I mean. Because I’d understand, you know. If after that whole thing in the bunker – If you want nothing to do with me anymore. I get it, okay? No need to break it to me gently or feel bad about it.”
“What about you two?” Steve decides to defend via attack. “Took you a while to cut the cake.”
Sam keeps researching their neighbors. He mumbles about this “new lead being great”. Dean’s got no idea what is so great about this new lead, seeing that basically what Sam is doing is googling
“A little much,” Cas answers. “I wasn’t…” He clears his throat and mumbles, “I wasn’t expecting to ever get to do this again.”
“The word you’re looking for is demi,” Charlie’s voice comes from the door. “As in, you need to have an emotional connection to someone before being able to find them romantically attractive. Also, I’m now officially on sick leave.”
Three hours later Dean walks out of the library empty-handed.
“Interesting outfit for weeding,” Steve remarks.
Dean shakes his head. “But you met as children!”
"So what do you do in Illinois, Castiel?" Sam asks.
Dean believes her, too. Which is the only reason why he asks, “Keep an eye on Sam for me if you can? I mean, he knows you. He knows I consider you a friend. So, if it’s not too much of a bother and if you can keep up the charade, maybe check in on him every so often? Please?”
“Your girlfriend?” Steve asks.
Bucky’s lips are softer than Steve imagined, less chapped. He tastes of beer and of burger but also just like Bucky. And he kisses with the abandon of a man who’s dying, his hand coming up around Steve’s neck, holding him in place, his movements fast and hard.
“You want a piece right now?” Gabriel asks and comes back a step.
Dean nods. “Yeah. Thanks. I think I needed that.” He scratches his neck embarrassedly. “Sorry for being such a wuss.”
So that’s it then, the call that they’re waiting for.
Not Sam then. Sam would have bitched at him via text once and then waited for a call back.
Charlie sighs loudly next to him and pokes him in the ribs again. “Earth to Dean, we’re still here.”
“We should probably - the pie,” Castiel mumbles and Steve is grateful for the backup.
“It’s okay, Steve,” Bucky smiles and turns back to the others. “Steve here helps. With - everything. He’s always there when I need him.”
“She might,” Cas nods. “But she won’t hurt them.”
“Oh great,” Dean groans.
They both chuckle some more, comfortable with each other again.
“I know what he told me. Don't know whether it's the whole story. But it made some sense to me.” When Sam still looks grim, Dean says, “Look, I don't really like it, either. But I am pretty sure that this isn’t a situation like our dad suddenly showing up to collect us after he left us in some foster home for a few months.”
“Well, you’d have to talk to her for that,” Hannah points out. “See that she’s changed. Forgiveness cannot be forced. But it can be worked towards.”
“Alright then, dishes.” Sam claps his hands and jumps up from the table. “Let’s roll.”
“Don’t ask, don’t tell?” Bucky asks, and Steve’s attention goes back to his boyfriend.
He’d almost forgotten that. Buried under his guilt, the only way he’d seen was to run. To get away so that he could not hurt Dean anymore. But he has no doubt that Dean felt their connection in these moments, too. In fact, Dean has told him as much. Has told him that he was always committed.
“But you’d rather I’d be there? During your heat?”
“From John,” Cas says quietly.
“Dude,” Balthazar frowns. “You’re messed up.”
“Please, Cas,” Dean asks again, “please. You’ve done so much, let me do something for you.”
“Okay,” Cas nods. “Then I’m going with you.”
She gives him a thoughtful stare, then she turns abruptly. “Bucky, can you get me the black canvas bag out of my room?”
“You said I should watch you running,” Cas says flatly.
Dean’s pretty sure sugar is not going to do anything for him, but he’s got a feeling that if he opens a whiskey bottle instead, he’s not going to stop drinking until the bottle is empty and he’s unconscious. So this is probably for the better.
Nat’s voice couldn’t be more bored but Charlie frowns. “And how do you know about that?”
Or at least not what Dean wants it to be. Cas is his best friend, like he has been for years.
“What are you thinking of?” Cas asks.
Cas already had his mouth open but now he snaps it shut again. His face turns a shade whiter, even though the cold had colored his cheeks pink before. “Claire googled…,” he stutters. “She was so young. I wanted to protect her so badly.”
“It ain’t me you gotta convince of that, man.”
“Do you want to tell me about him?” Missouri interrupts his thoughts. “The one who made you come here?”
“He was - he had the same expression that we had. After that camp. And then he asked me to and I -,” Cas shakes his head. “I haven’t been able to stop punishing him since.”
The saleswoman somehow manages to keep her smile even though ‘strained’ is now an understatement. “Maybe you at least remember what kind of bed you have? Futon? Boxspring? Single, twin, queen, king sized?” she asks and Dean can see how she is about to give up unless he says something that makes sense.
“To be - what?” Sam interferes.
“I only use my grace to help
“What do you say, Cas? Let’s make a big breakfast as gallows’ meal? Cause I doubt that I’ll be able to keep anything down tonight.”
It doesn’t stop the tears from flowing but Cas just kisses him again, focusing his attention to be on him. Dean kisses back with all he’s got until his body starts reacting on its own, his back curving up to meet Cas’ skin, his legs trying to find better purchase on the sheets to slide between Cas’. It’s only when his hands find their way under Cas’ waistband that Cas stops him.
“I’m kissing it better,” Cas states matter-of-factly and for good measure does it again.
“No.” Cas doesn’t hesitate with his answer. “No, Dean, it isn’t. This is something I want. Have wanted long before Amara was in the picture. But - but if everything has a reason, or maybe - a silver lining if not a reason, then this is it. This is where I’ll use everything that I’ve learned. I’ll not make the same mistake again. I’m not going to abandon you to either the universe or the law. I - actually,
He doesn’t think it’ll help, not much anyway, but it can’t hurt, either. And the fact that Ellen is wearing a Christmas sweater showing elves baking cookies means she was in a good mood at least this morning. She has a sweater where Rudolph breathes fire for the other kind of days.
And that is not a thing Cas has expected - or wanted. He takes an immediate step backwards. “But you need her. You need to scout ahead,” he reasons.
“Our neighbor is - Captain America?” Dean laughs somewhat hysterically because this is weird even by Winchester standards.
That finally is enough to make Cas get up and stalk over to Dean. He stabs a finger at Dean’s ribs. “You want to leave me behind, do it. I can’t stop you. But don’t go ahead and think you can make me
“I get that,” Dean answers quietly. “Personally, I think that anyone peddling their way as the only true way is selling you bullshit anyway.”
Dean nods dumbly because, yeah, he does and he doesn’t want to do that. He just wants this intensity to stop and the stinging in his eyes to go away before he turns into a blubbering mess. He uses the hand Cas hasn’t trapped to wipe away a stray tear that has already betrayed his messy emotions. It’s been a fucking long day in a fucking long week in a fucking long life.
It takes half an hour before Cas gets an answer.
“Wow.” Gabriel stops in his tracks. “Have I heard that right? Dean Winchester is grateful? Gee, I never thought I’d see the day.” Then his face turns serious again. “Take care, Dean-o. Of yourself and of my little brother.”
Abruptly, Dean halts, gaze suddenly hard. “You are my brother, Sam, but if you weren’t, I swear…,” he growls at Sam, who immediately takes a step back.
(See the end of the chapter for
“... uhhh.”
But that answer is not acceptable, has never been acceptable. Is definitely not acceptable now when Steve, as Bucky reminded him so pointedly just a few hours ago, is Bucky’s superior officer during this mission. This mission which blurs the boundaries anyway. At a point in time when Bucky doesn’t even remember enough about himself to know when Steve’s barrels over the boundaries between them. At a point in time when Bucky’s muscle memory is all Winter Soldier and obeying whoever is in charge of him. At a point in time when he doesn’t know how to say No to Steve.
“No. No, he wasn’t. He and my dad, they -,” he breaks off. “My dad wasn’t – after my mom’s death he –“, but that sentence finds no continuation, either.
“The target is out in the garden, weeding, by the way.”
Christmas Eve and Dean has a fond feeling of dejavu whenever he looks at her. Dean's pretty sure he was the same combination of brazen and insecure at that age. Not that his old man had been fond of
Dean nods again, because yeah, he appreciates that, air-quotes and all. “So I followed my father’s footsteps right into the loony bin, is that the story?”
But there is nothing to say to this. Nothing but, “I’m sorry.” For being a bother and a hassle and forcing Dean to make risky decisions.
And if Dean reacts to that, they’re going to be in heavy talk territory and he’s not up for that right now. “Whatever.”
him about what he wanted and listening to the answer.
“We’ll do it together.”
Their hosts share a look with each other, then Dean shrugs, “He saved my ass, that’s how we met.”
The knowledge that he isn’t in this alone, that Cas is coming with him, is what keeps Dean afloat. Some moments, it’s the only thing he knows to hold onto. He’s not going to admit it, still scared that Cas might change his mind and also still sure that he isn’t worth Cas giving up his life here for him, but he’s more than half certain that if he’d have had to get through these last three days on his own he’d be considering doing for real what they are staging now.
Dean has already put her on speaker but the audio actually goes to static for a moment because it can’t handle Charlie’s volume.
“Dean…,” Cas says it with such warmth, his name, as if he puts every emotion into this little word.
“Yes, yes of course,” but then the guy trails off, grimacing. “No, actually it isn’t. Not that it makes any difference to you. Did you want something?”
Cas smiles and Dean kind of wishes he would stop at the same time that he wishes Cas will never stop looking at him with a smile. But Dean’s not used to people being this kind, this caring. Not where Dean is concerned. His own soulmate being a point in case. So Dean doesn't know how much longer his heart can handle this.
Cas squints at him and jeez, when Cas is pissed it radiates out in waves. “Do you really want my opinion? Because it didn’t seem like you valued my input before. Or do I have to remind you that you already pointed out that I don’t even need to sleep enough to care about the pattern of the covers?”
“Umm,” Dean is dumbfounded for a moment and his gaze flits to Castiel, incredibly aware of his presence in the room.
“Sure,” Dean nods, but there’s something calculating in his eyes.
“What - what are you saying?”
“He’s safe. He’s safe, he’s just at work. As you knew he would be. Because he has a steady job. You can text him. He’s fine. Jess is fine, too. No one got hurt.”
Cas gives him another smile that spells out loud and clear that he doesn’t believe a word, but he also says, “I’ll try”, and that’s good enough for now.
Smooth, Winchester, smooth. Dean tries to frantically think of an excuse of what brings Sam back already.
“Dammit, Cas! You
“Hey,” Steve interrupts immediately and wraps his hand around Bucky’s. “Not anymore, remember? You’re safe now. I’ve got you.”
“I’ve been a soldier, yes.” Castiel’s face closes up.
“Yeah, but snipers rely on staying hidden. We’re already out in the open,” Natasha licks her lips and types furiously. Then suddenly she stops and stares at the screen for a moment. She exhales a long breath and looks up. “Cap, this is your op. Permission to take a risk?”
Dean isn’t sure what to make of it. It’s way too intimate a gesture for the approximately ten minutes that they’ve known each other. “The bruise is getting a goodnight kiss before me, really, Cas?” he attempts to deflect the unexpected feeling, voice rough and words stilted.
Immediately, the little dots are showing that there is typing.
Cas halts, plate still in his hand, tilting his head like he does so often when something puzzles him. “What?”
There aren’t many people out here. There are two or three widows who have started greeting him, barely concealed curiosity on their faces when they saw him here for the second week in a row.
“Well, then I guess I’ll have to open the door to find out who it is,” Steve rolls his eyes.
“We’re looking forward to it,” Steve smiles.
“Well, if it helps any, I can tell you that in none of the pictures I’ve seen from the ‘good days’ with Michael, he ever looked at you like that. Or you at him, for that matter.”
“The rush?” Cas asks and as usual completely ignores Dean’s attempt at flirting.
Cas doesn’t answer.
“Yeah,” Steve nods. “She is like that.”
Sam sighs as if he thinks Dean is extremely dense. It raises his hackles immediately. “Dean, I think what we’re going to do now is ask. I mean, not now-now, because it’s past midnight, but you know, in a case like this, talking is obviously the best option.”
And okay, Dean sees Cas’ point. Barging in there after their neighbors just hacked them is suspicious. They need a plan, preferably a good one. Something better than that damn lemonade.
“No, it doesn’t,” Cas shakes his head. “It’s my job to have a stable core of who I am. It’s not your job to bolster that.” Cas chuckles softly. “For all your self-deprecation, I think you do a better job at that than me. At knowing who you are.”
Bucky shakes his head to stop Steve. “Doesn’t matter. Was still me who did those things. Don’t pretend like it makes no difference that I did them. Cause it does. You’re better than me or her. You’ve always gone straight. Feels like just being near you I’m dragging you down with me.”
“Cas? What did I do wrong?”
“You wanna do a car wash, Cas?” Dean grins.
But of course he can’t say that.
But before he can do anything about it, Cas phone blares with an incoming call. Cas jumps and fumbles his phone out of his pocket. Immediately, his face turns from red to grey as ashes. “It’s Gabriel.”
“No.” Cas spits the word into her face. “I will not.”
“Yeah, I was in there alright, but - fuck,” Dean hits his hand against the kitchen counter with a loud smack before taking a deep breath. He can’t look at Cas while he explains this, so he stares at the heap of tomatoes instead. “The Mark’s no outside influence, Cas. It’s not Naomi ordering me to kill. The Mark only took what was already inside me.” He turns back to Cas after all, feeling utterly drained. “That murderer, that
“What happened?” Steve asks.
She smiles at him again. “Thank you, Dean. I gather this means that you won’t do it again?”
“Hoping that your brother has better taste in cars than you do. If he brings a Lincoln Continental, I’m gonna use all of our funds to buy a better car.”
As soon as they’re out of town, Dean tells him to turn into a dust road between corn fields. They stop a few hundred yards in. Just in time for Dean to rip open the car door and stumble out to empty his stomach into the grass next to the road.
“The Supernatural books of course!” Charlie answers as if that should be self-explanatory.
“No, can’t do that with someone who gave you his phone number,” Bucky says sarcastically.
“Right,” Bucky answers, rolling the
“Dean!” Definitely exasperated now.
“Actually, I appreciate frankness in this as in everything else. Most of my clients notice at some point. Actually, most of everyone notices at some point. But all that usually happens is that people avert their eyes and politely avoid the topic. Doesn’t necessarily make you feel any better, you know?”
“No one important.” The lie slips out uneasily.
Sam sighs a long-suffering sigh before going back to business. “Have you talked to her already?”
showing me.”
They spend the rest of breakfast talking about work in general and they clean the dishes together, working in the comfortable kind of silence that happens when you know each other well and work together without needing words.
Cas complies without question.
“You don’t even know whether we’ll be welcome anymore! We aren’t completely free of blame concerning Bobby’s death or…”
The twinge in Dean’s stomach is back, only now it feels suspiciously like butterflies again. “You really did miss me…” He only realizes he’s said that out loud when Cas ducks his head. “Well, what are you waiting for? Come over here!” Dean quickly distracts and pats the couch cushion next to him. “I’ve only seen Rey kick ass about a dozen times, I don’t want to miss a minute!”
“Seriously, Dean? The way you’ve been acting if I had any hacking skills, I’d try to check you out, too. No, what’s much worse is that they’re working together with whoever that other hacker was.”
Dean scrolls through the other comments that have collected under his by now. They are echoing Becky’s “oh my God” in various shades of geek, though instead of asking angelheart for babies, they are usually wondering the same things Dean is wondering. Like who angelheart is and why he's writing Dean.
“Granny,” he sobs. “He’s dead, Granny. He trusted me and he’s dead. I can’t - please make it not happen again.”
“Yeah,” Sam admits. “I hear you. But hey, you know what? I’ve got good news, too.” Sam’s face changes from a worried frown to a shy smile. It makes him look so much younger. “You wanna hear them?”
