He could hardly claim to be lonely. After all, what could most of the people of London offer him in the way of company, what with their boring lives and dull, half-blind existences? He saw everything about them, and they barely did more than glance his way.
She looked around at the students who were still making their way to lectures, and for the first time John picked up on the unease that permeated the atmosphere. It hung around like a storm cloud, whispers passing through lips like the distant hiss of falling rain. ‘Follow me.’
‘The day I knew I loved you.’
'No chance. I want him to actually help me on cases, remember?' Greg shoved his hands in his pockets, elbowing John in the side. 'You're still laughing at me, aren't you?'
'He has a point.' John shrugged, shaking his head as Commander Wells scowled. 'Look, if nothing else, the chopper is where they are likely to regroup. It doesn't seem like they have the numbers to keep throwing at this assault. If we get there before they do, we can be waiting for them.'
Nothing stood out at him in the evening sunlight. No suspicious characters loitered in their cars, and the Fiat 500 was nowhere in sight. He would love to think that meant Rosie was somehow off-limits to these people, but he refused to be so naive.
In theory, it sounded simple enough. All he needed to do was peel himself out of the sweat-salted nest of the bed, stagger to the bathroom, and get on with it. In practice, he couldn't find the energy to even swing his legs down off the mattress.
She probably didn’t mean it as a challenge, but it sounded like one. A year ago, Sherlock would have risen to the bait. These days, he tended to ignore Sally’s jibes. Instead, he looked at her, cocking his head in consideration. ‘A little,’ he admitted. ‘If you’ve not already, a bit of research into the family might not go amiss.’
'What have you done?'
John sighed as Sherlock turned away, sharing a quick, embarrassed glance with Greg. Not that they should be surprised; Sherlock frequently made them feel stupid. Except this time, he had good reason, and neither of them had a decent excuse for jumping to such a stupid conclusion.
‘In here.’ The Dean gestured to the doorway, her footsteps halted in respect to the police tape that had been pinned across its threshold. Donovan stood guard. She lifted an eyebrow as they approached. No sneer graced her lips, which made a change, but she did wrinkle her nose. ‘Might want to leave your coat out here, Holmes. You’ll need to kit up for this one. It’s a bit of a mess.’
Sherlock straightened from the laptop, turning to face John fully. He did not fob John off with platitudes or offer false assurances. Instead, he gave the question due consideration.
Sherlock sprawled across the bed, the sheets twisted around his body as he bathed in the satisfying afterglow. Loose-limbed and languid, he could only hum in approval as John draped a lazy arm over his waist and nuzzled at his shoulder-blade.
High functioning sociopath. What a load of bollocks.
He set the phone aside and looked around at the sparse smattering of his possessions. He’d tried, in Sherlock’s absence, to make this place a home, but it was a useless effort. Now, at last he was heading back to the one place he really belonged.
No. He was a soldier. He knew a hopeless situation when he saw it. This wasn’t home. It never had been. It was just a place, and there was no reason for him to stay here any longer.
Sherlock sighed, pressing the heel of his left hand to his eye as he scoured the photos, trying to find what he was looking for. If the shot exited Mary’s body through her back it would require a certain velocity to break through her flesh, and would bring with it a distinctive dispersal pattern that should be dotted on the dark carpet.
They had shifted closer, pulled back into one another’s orbits, even as Sherlock held his silence. That, more than anything, confirmed John’s suspicions. He was rarely shy about speaking his mind – seemed happy to strip away other people’s secrets in the blink of an eye – but when it came to this Sherlock did not dare to give the truth voice.
The scream of house alarms shattered the night, hitting John like a blow to the face as he gasped for breath. Claxons shrieked, not just from his neighbours' properties, but from every other building in the street with the capacity to do so. The din was overwhelming, and John could hear people shouting questions as they were roused from their peaceful evenings.
'There's a vending machine outside. Go and get something.'
They looked like a person made from paper, cut out and placed into a colourful world in which they could not possibly belong. Unease prickled along John's spine, intensifying into shrilling alarm when he saw the long, clean line of the weapon in their hand. It was no light foil or épée, but something heavy and brutal: a weapon of war. The blade curved, and John thought of the sword in the Dean's office: a cavalry sabre, Sherlock had said. Except back there, in its display case, it had been nothing but an interesting piece of history.
Sherlock spat a gob of blood on the floor, running his tongue along his teeth as he twisted Tyson’s arm at an awkward angle. The big man was on the floor, his back to Sherlock and his body contorted. Sherlock’s shoe pressed hard into his knee, his threat implicit.
With a noise like a finger over wet glass, the pool froze, the lapping water paralysed as the filters choked and died. It gleamed in strange shapes, aqua blue and cloudy white, wrong in so many ways. John’s breath shuddered from his lips in a dazzling cloud, and all around him the humid air turned grave-like with the chill. Frozen water sparkled in the acid lights like diamond dust, and the hairs on the back of John’s neck pricked upright in a belated warning.
‘If we’re lucky,’ Sherlock continued, speaking in the quiet, soft way he might to a man on a ledge, about to make one last jump, ‘Moriarty made the same assumption.’
‘The most tiresome, ill-educated lecture I’ve ever heard. She was wrong in every aspect. Worse, John didn’t hear it because he’d buggered off to sort out a reservation.’
‘No. No, I’m not.’ John sighed, shifting in his seat to get more comfortable and stretching his legs. Truth was, that wasn’t him anymore. Sherlock was irreverent and frankly careless about the feelings of others at times, but John wouldn’t change him.
Before long, the scent of herbs and red wine curled in the air, and he stirred the thickening gravy before warming some crusty bread in the oven. People put a great deal of emotional weight on food, and though he couldn't see it himself, he knew that John would find comfort in a hot, nourishing meal. It was a simple method of care, and one Sherlock suspected John had not used for himself in some time. All his devotion had been spent on Rosie, leaving nothing to spare.
'Instead, you stayed with your wife and the mother of your child, John. You worked to make things better between you; to build the life you both claimed to want.' Sherlock frowned, trying to find his way through this labyrinthine conversation. 'No blame can rest with you.'
Experiments had taken over most of their kitchen. John had given up trying to understand what Sherlock was looking at. He suspected it was just an excuse to make a mess. Glassware and dubious things in petri dishes. At least he had stopped using their crockery to grow bubonic plague or something equally horrific.
'Sorry, Sarah, I've got... something. I need to isolate.'
The rattle of keys made him turn, one eyebrow raised in surprise. A glance at John when he came up the stairs was enough to read his exhaustion: a day of dull patients and an interminable commute home.
'Nothing obvious, but I've called it in. I know Sherlock told me to go there off-the-clock, but if nothing else it's assault on Molly. Anderson and the others will tell me if they find any evidence. What about you?'
So why had she come back?
Sherlock shivered, his breath leaving him in a rush as he stared at the corpse. Here, in this impoverished place, one more body would not cause a stir, and he could not bring himself to feel guilty for breaking apart the bars of his invisible cage.
It had to be, for John's sake.
Sherlock chose.
‘Would you—’
Not even the sharpness of Sherlock's cheekbones – too thin; he'd not been eating properly – could ease the jagged rasp of John's anger over the frayed edges of his nerves. Each breath felt strange and futile, and each beat of his heart made his skin pulse and throb, feeding the urge to punch and snap and snarl that had taken root within his blood.
How wrong he had been. John Watson was no foot-soldier. He was a Knight. Unpredictable and unexpected, he emerged from the obscurity of the ranks with devastating consequences. His moral sense should have made him predictable, but John Watson did not follow the rules. Not if they got between him and the results that he wanted.
'Yet not one-hundred percent. As the gunman, Norbury had to be part of Mary's ploy, if one existed. They planned and executed the scene at the aquarium together. We have hypotheses, but she has the facts.'
John grinned and shook his head. “Perfect. Bring boxes.”
‘What, so we own a cat now?’
Sometimes, John thought he would never escape the legacy of the war. Not just the limp and the tremor, though both were bad enough. No, the worst of it was the grey veil that plagued him wherever he went. After the lush green landscape and bloody horror of Afghanistan – the mad whirl of life and death — London seemed lifeless: like living in a painting.
‘Juvenile,’ he chided, but his heart wasn’t in it. John was used to this, being a silent, sometimes smug witness to the brothers’ war of attrition. Oh, he got his own insults in too, sometimes, normally just to remind Mycroft where his loyalties lay. (With Sherlock. Always.) This time, though, he could see there was more to Mycroft’s subtle surrender than a tactical retreat.
Even that, it seemed, remained beyond his reach.
The silence from Mary deafened him, amplifying the buzzing in his ears until he heard a single, tight breath. Not, he suspected, because she grieved his loss. Rather, it had not been part of her strategy. Did that throw a spanner in the works of her cunning little plan?
'And if I do not?'
Ripping his phone free from his pocket, Sherlock jabbed his thumb on Mycroft's contact details, shifting his weight back and forth as he waited for it to connect. It did not take long for his brother's flat tones to come across the line, the thinness of his voice suggesting he had expected Sherlock's call.
‘You did well.’
John shifted his jaw, opening his eyes in time to see the medic offer a small, reluctant nod to Mycroft. He knew what they would be thinking: John would be best off out of the action. Blows to the head were tricky, and he realised from the grinding pain in his skull that he likely had a mild concussion. Yet there was no power on earth that could force him to leave this whole mess in Mycroft's hands. He and Sherlock had promised each other they would not face this alone, and John was damned if he'd go back on that.
'Me. Her coach. I don't think she'd told anyone else yet. She hadn't made up her mind. She loved fencing; it would have been a great sacrifice. She –' Winters gripped the edge of her desk, her fingers drumming, just once, over the mahogany. 'I wish I could help you, but this has been such a – such a shock. I spoke to her only yesterday and now...'
Some things, it seemed, never changed, even if he wanted them to.
Normally, it would be the kind of case that had Sherlock jumping for joy, but it was too close to home for both of them to find much pleasure in it. Rather than filling John's veins with the fizz of adrenaline, it dragged at his bones, a weight around his neck that he longed to shed.
John blinked, raising his eyebrows in surprise, and Sherlock wished he could call the words back, soften them, change them... something! They had slipped out before he'd had a chance to think twice, and now he felt horribly exposed.
As it turned out, he couldn’t stay in his new flat, either. It felt… wrong. Too neat. Lifeless. Like a showroom in Ikea where no one actually lived. He occupied it, sure. Slept in the bed, or tried to, but in the end, he always found his way back to this small sliver of stone amidst London’s chaos.
His fingers drummed a restless rhythm on his knee, and he cleared his throat, watching the passing traffic and hurrying pedestrians as they made their way towards the docklands. The congestion set his teeth on edge as the minutes ticked past. Mary hadn't given him long to get there: a deliberate move on her part. It gave him and Sherlock less time to put together any kind of plan. Now, he kept glaring at the clock on the driver's dash as adrenaline bubbled in his belly.
John hesitated, a mixture of determination and dread flitting across his features as he reached for the flattened boxes he had brought upstairs. 'We should put away anything breakable – anything that Rosie might smash by accident and hurt herself with, just for a while.'
This was the life they had fought for tooth and nail, and John would gladly share it with Sherlock – the triumph and despair, the calm and the chaos – for the rest of their days.
'Promises, promises.'
'Sorry,' he murmured, not knowing quite what he was apologising for. Getting ill in the first place? Being a clingy, feverish wreck, so miserable that Sherlock felt compelled to stay with him, not merely at his bedside but in the actual bed? His pointless grief and his awful dreams? All of it? 'Thank you for staying.'
If John had a sip of air left in his chest, he would have laughed. Moriarty asked for the impossible. Sherlock was many things, but after all was said and done, he was still human.
He did not have to explain himself to Sherlock. He knew that this was what John needed today: an active role, rather than a passive one. Not because he felt any need to dominate or have his way, but because he wanted to do more than simply be with Sherlock.
And how had he repaid Sherlock for his dedication? By blaming him for Mary's death because he was a convenient target. By expecting Sherlock to be faultless while the woman he loved revealed herself to be a stranger with a familiar face. By lashing out because he knew Sherlock would not crumple under the weight of his anger and guilt and grief.
That sight in itself was not one Sherlock enjoyed, but such emotion did not exist in isolation. Along with the rage and pain blazed the light of John's need. Not a thing of sexual desire, but something far deeper and more integral. John spoke to him, pleaded with him as if he might with some phantom: his fear that Sherlock would leave once more a palpable thing within the walls of Baker Street.
'I know, but we won't get any answers until we are on the scene, and we cannot risk Molly's safety by staying away.'
'It's been a long day.' Sherlock took a bite of the stew, easing the sullen ache of hunger that had taken up residence in his belly.
'Taking notes. What was your temperature?'
Sherlock's pocket magnifier glinted in his gloved grip as he wielded it. 'Since she was killed in her fencing gear, there's far less likely to be relevant particulate matter under her fingernails etcetera.'
Rosie whimpered, and John shook his head as he offered what he hoped was a passable smile. 'Sorry, love,' he murmured, jostling her in his arms. 'You must be hungry.' A glance at the clock made him wince. 'And tired. Let's get you sorted.'
'But?'
Their happy ending.
Now he held a similar expression, one where regret carved its story into every line of his body. He looked beaten; yet hints of strength remained as he lifted his chin and met Sherlock's gaze. 'Rosie's asleep. We need to eat.'
'Plenty, though whether it's relevant to the case or not, I can't be certain.’ Sherlock squinted, his lips curling downwards at one corner as his fingers moved to his temples, the press of them bleaching the skin white. The Belstaff collar cut a striking line across one pallid cheek, and John frowned, wondering if he was coming down with something.
A week ago, he had resented the very notion of Sherlock in his life. Now, John found himself glad that it had been Sherlock who pulled him close, both emotionally and, later, physically. His presence alone was a comfort that was, John realised in retrospect, desperately welcome.
He could tell John to go back to the flat, but he knew it would be a waste of breath. John was here to stay through whatever ministrations the hospital saw fit to prescribe. Nothing would usurp him, and Sherlock smiled at the thought of such a stalwart soldier. A perfect protector.
She hung up before Mycroft could respond, smart enough to know that letting him get a word in edgeways would only give him the opportunity to prevaricate. Mary set the phone aside, leaning towards one of the computers. Her fingers danced over the keys, calling up security camera feeds across an array of monitors, and Sherlock's heart sank.
Mycroft had disconnected not long after delivering his warning. His brother had much to do, after all. He had fallen into Mary's trap, and his team had paid the price. There would be no mercy for Mary Morstan. No back-room deals or secret negotiations to bring her into the fold of the British government. Perhaps that had never been a possibility, but he knew how Mycroft loathed to waste talent, and that was one thing Mary had in spades.
'Miss Watson remains safe and sound,' Mycroft promised. 'I apologise for alarming you. This has to do with what we found in the deposit boxes we raided tonight. There were three in total, all containing information pertaining to a scandal that would cause our nation immense difficulties. Or so we believed.'
'They're soldiers?'
‘You’ve not got anything lying around that might traumatise a little kid, have you? A normal one. Not like Rosie. She’s used to everything by now. No severed heads? No organs in the bath?’
He may have lost his faith years ago, but in Sherlock’s hands, he found heaven all the same.
They spoke over each other, their words tangling together like lovers before they both fell silent. John waved a hand, urging Sherlock to continue. He watched this man he had known for more years than he cared to count, as poised as ever despite the pleat of his brow.
He set Rosie down on her play-mat, noting the fire that danced in the grate behind a safety screen. The warmth of it kissed his skin, and he sat down in the armchair nearest it, reaching his hands out to the heat as if it could sustain him. He expected Sherlock to perch in the chair opposite, and a flicker of surprise darted through his veins when instead he sat cross-legged on the floor, halfway between John and Rosie.
Sherlock paused in his typing, smoothing his fingers down the laptop screen, oddly reverent. John thought he saw those hands tremble, and Sherlock's throat convulsed as he swallowed, tilting his head to one side in acknowledgement.
The door closed behind her. The latch rattled like a cage door, and John swallowed back the tight, panicked feeling of being trapped in his own life: a prison of his own making. He gave Rosie another smile and busied himself with all the things he should be doing: talking to her and playing with her, watching garish cartoons and trying to do anything but let himself think.
John grimaced, reminded of when he'd been shot and his damn leg refused to bear his weight for more than a few minutes. Yet despite the bad memories, he suspected he'd be grateful for it later. 'That's nice of her. I might not need it.'
A suitable replacement live round, hidden in her hand and treated with a sample of her blood, would be found on the aquarium floor. The evidence would tell the story of Mary’s death, even if it was nothing but a fiction.
He wanted to help, but how could he? Nothing he could do or say would ease those worries. Besides, all of John's anxiety was with merit. Sherlock had been watching the virus since it emerged in Wuhan, attempting to appease his own fears by consuming every research paper he could find. He had even begged Mycroft's favour, gaining access to some documents which had not yet been made public knowledge. Academically, the pursuit had been satisfying, but now...
Mycroft sipped his brandy, wrinkling his nose before he leaned in and plucked the King from its place. The glossy black surface shone back at him, winking mockingly in the firelight.
John coughed, chewing his mouthful quickly and swallowing it before he could breathe in a bit of rice and cause a scene. His own face felt hot, and he took a quick sip of water as he marshalled his thoughts.
The former won out, and Sherlock smirked as his brother leaned down next to him, his head cocked the better to pick out their parents’ words. Maybe he was expecting international intelligence or something, but to Sherlock, this was better.
'Nor for you.' He tipped his head back, breathing through his nose as he pushed aside the fog of his pain. He needed his wits about him.
‘Perhaps I should.’
'I know.' John shrugged, and for the first time there was something almost hungry in his expression: as if he longed for the inevitable confrontation in whatever form it took. Of course, with it would come an end, but Sherlock was not comforted by the notion of John racing towards some unknown finale. 'If it comes to that, we'll be ready.'
Very little came back to him: shadow and fear, mostly, but he did remember pleading with Sherlock – no, with Sherlock's ghost. He recalled that now: the absolute conviction that Sherlock was dead – that he had never returned from his fall at Bart's and John remained alone. His breath hissed between his lips as an echo of grief, and his body shuddered anew under the roil of emotion.
One of the first things he'd done, back in January when John came back to the flat fretting about hand-washing, had been to procure them a tube each of very good hand cream. At John's baffled expression, he'd explained about dry hands chapping from being so clean, and the risk of infection getting in through broken skin.
John pulled a face, closing his eyes and looking, for a moment, as tired as he had been in the depths of his illness.
It was tempting to bully Sherlock of the couch, to make him get dressed and do something, but that was never going to work. At best, he’d fail to connect with whatever it was, active in body but not in mind, and that would only make matters worse in the long run.
‘They’re vegetarian?’ he managed. ‘Aren’t they?’
'Certainly not from our lot,' Mycroft murmured, 'and I cannot comprehend why any foreign power would show interest in a retired army doctor, even one with connections such as John Watson has in his possession. No, Sherlock. I don't think any government, here or abroad, lays claim to these individuals.'
First things first, he needed to take care of himself. He'd keep an eye on Sherlock and worry about him later. He couldn't assuage any of Sherlock's concern if he relapsed. It felt wrong to make himself a priority, but it was the only logical choice. He had to regain normality as soon as possible.
'A person?'
Perhaps it was no surprise that he had grown up comparing each member to a piece of the board. He and Mummy were similar; not the King nor the Queen, but bishops, sliding in from unexpected angles and disappearing just as quickly. They were facilitators: traditional and constrained at times, but ultimately ruthless.
Mary wasn't dead.
'Let him go.' He sounded like a captain again, barking orders. It wasn't a plea but a command, and Mary's smile curdled. 'It's over.'
She lifted her chin, as if daring him to argue. 'Go to Hell, Sherlock, and let John be the one to bring you back.'
This time, however, he paid the cellar no mind. How could he, when it was the contents of the easily-accessible wine rack that intrigued him? There, tucked among some very fine Shiraz was something that certainly did not belong in Mycroft’s home.
'I have several, but first I want to take another look at the photographs you examined earlier. So far, other than Norbury's confirmation, they are the only connection we have to Mary's continuing existence. If they have anything more to tell us, then I need to see it for myself.'
swore
Shoving his hands in his coat pockets, he kept his head down, sparing glances for the closed, blind doorways that pocked the walls to his left and right. None of them looked like they could lead him to any sustenance, and he took a few random turns until, at last, he came across another bank of vending machines, each one gleaming and mercifully stocked.
'Perhaps.' Sherlock raised an eyebrow. 'The question is, who will be next?'
'No wonder Dr Watson was being observed.' Mycroft rubbed his hands over his face, casting John a quick, apologetic glance over Sherlock's shoulder. 'Send the files to me. I have more manpower and can have them decoded in a fraction of the time. Let's see if we can't get to the bottom of this once and for all.'
It seemed the van door he had kicked outwards had made abrupt contact with his nose. Blood painted his face, and his chest shifted in the steady breaths of the unconscious. He had passed out either from the blow or when the back of his skull struck the ground.
No. He didn’t care about everyone else. Greg, Molly, Mycroft: all those people who seemed to have picked themselves up and just got on with the whole business of living. Oh, he’d tried. Got the fuck out of Baker Street, for a start. Sherlock haunted the place. He hovered in the corner of John’s gaze, bringing the agony of desperate hope. He couldn’t stay there.
'Three buildings over,' he said, pointing along the row of porta-cabins: old engineering sheds, from the looks of them. 'One door in and out, and it’s raised on tall foundations, so looking in the windows isn't an option. If we can get under cover before the Hind is overhead, then they won't have eyes on us.'
It was the kind of place you propped yourself up against a high table, rather than sitting down, and Greg headed for one in the corner, as far from the door as he could possibly get. His lamb biryani sent up wraiths of steam, and John's chicken korma had his mouth watering. He’d be the first to admit that English curry tasted nothing like the original, but it still held a place in his heart: especially on a night like tonight.
She watched him, her pale eyes skittering back and forth across his features, thirsty for any hint of confusion or bafflement. He did not oblige her, choosing instead to keep his face impassive as his mind raced and his heart surged in his throat.
'Like what?' he asked. He thought of the thumb drive, condemned to the flames in Sherlock's family home. His bitterest wish was that the bloody thing never existed at all. It had been the totem of Mary's deceit, but his destruction of it had not erased the stain her actions left on their relationship.
‘And the Americans threw it back at us.’ Lestrade scowled. ‘Christmas is just as bad. Worse, probably. Tat and crap and happiness shoved down your throat until you’re sick.’
Except, of course, nothing was ever that easy. The vending machine stood silent and dark; its glass smashed into sparkling feathers that were strewn upon the floor. It had been emptied by someone or other, and nothing but bare coils greeted John's gaze. Even posh schools had vandals and selfish idiots. It was just his luck that they'd chosen today to indulge in their little crime spree.
It was good, sitting there, his shoulder pressed to Sherlock's, that lean body a seam of warmth down his side. He was under the duvet while Sherlock remained on top, his long legs stretched out along the mattress. His presence became an anchor: something John could lean against as the garish light from the television flickered over the walls.
Clenching his jaw, John focussed on keeping his breathing steady, his gaze alert and his body motionless. The stranger had not noticed him, but that advantage could easily slip through their fingers if John were not careful.
'Who else knew about that?' John asked, leaning forward. It seemed deranged that someone would kill her for wanting to leave, but he'd seen enough murder to know how twisted motives could be.
Gone were the peaceful depths of John's slumber. The quilt, which had once cocooned him tenderly, now wrapped in manacles of cloth around his legs. Sweat glistened on that wrinkled brow, and a fearful snarl twisted that thin mouth without mercy. One hand flailed, a thrashing, aimless fist, and Sherlock stepped forward, catching John's wrist before he could hurt himself.
Normally, watching Mycroft fidget so would have brought Sherlock hours of entertainment. Now, he could only stare, vaguely horrified by his brother’s clumsy attempt at…. At what? Matchmaking?
Immediately, John tensed, his body straightening and his slack hands bunching into fists. The fencer was dressed in the same, white kit as the others wore, the thick mesh mask pulled down over their face. Blank fabric covered them from head to toe, stark and anonymous.
'A brilliant idea.' John skimmed his hand down Sherlock's spine, humming in approval as he palmed the lush curve of Sherlock's arse. 'I'm guessing since I dropped Rosie off at nursery, did a morning in the clinic and then went for my appointment with Doctor Windsor, you got some much-needed sleep?'
'And the file?' Sherlock let the question slice through the air, his gaze never leaving Mycroft's face. They'd both had years of practice at hiding their lies from one another, but he still knew enough of his older brother to know the tells of a delicate fiction. For once, there was no sign of a fib as Mycroft heaved a sigh, speaking with blank honesty.
John's eyes flickered up to meet his, a glimmer of anger igniting in his gaze. For once, though, it did not seem to be aimed at Sherlock. 'Is that likely?' he asked, a mirthless smile stretching his mouth. 'Did they burn it to get back at you, or because I left London? ' He shrugged. 'It's one less place for me to hide.'
He had not truly lived in the place for years, and still, at a time like this, it called to him, promising all that was familiar and comfortable. The idea of going back settled around him, easing the fretful thrum of his heart and smoothing tension from his muscles.
'Clear. Fine. I mean, I get a bit breathless walking back to bed, but I think that's just because I'm tired. My oxygen levels are all right.' John shrugged, looking at Sherlock with dull, lifeless eyes. The shadows beneath them had darkened under paper-thin skin, etched deeper into his face by hour upon hour of shattered, worthless sleep.
With Mary?
He lifted his bow once more, already composing the most discordant melody he could conjure on such short notice.
‘Any thoughts?’ he asked John, handing him a pair of gloves. A quick sweep of the room showed everyone else was protected. Even Anderson had the sense to follow procedure. Just as well. One corpse was enough.
He would be right, of course, but that was neither here nor there.
Even as he said it, he knew she would not accept. Mary was not a woman who had found herself in this position by accident. She had made every choice with deliberate promise, acting not through desperation but ambition. Perhaps, back before the aquarium, she might have accepted the offer, but now she believed she had discovered a way to play the whole scenario to her advantage. She would not let go of that in any hurry.
'Here,' John nudged his arm, holding something out to Sherlock. He recognised it as Mary's gun: not the brutal monstrosity that had – only a short while ago – been pointed at his head. This was the one they had taken from her back at Baker Street, smaller but just as deadly.
'But it sticks out like a sore thumb.' John nodded, wishing he could get a good look under the chassis. 'It's bait. Like the warehouse.'
It seemed a stupid thing to ask, but there were huge swathes of Sherlock's life he had no real knowledge of. He'd never seen him unwell, not really. A cold now and then, which Sherlock pretty much ignored. Other than that, he'd only ever seen Sherlock injured, which wasn't quite the same.
Mary moved so quickly Sherlock did not even have time to blink. Her gun was a silver arc, and the muffled crack of the silenced bullet cleaved the air. 'Not anymore.'
‘Hold this.’ He gave Lestrade his coffee, ignoring the glare he got as he dug into his inside pocket and pulled out his wallet. He preferred not to carry too much with him, but some favours were kept close to his chest. Literally, in this case.
It was a second room for fencing, from the look of it. Equipment ranged along the walls, leaving the floorspace clear. Lines marked in paint delineated the arena, almost lost under the splatter of blood. A young woman lay on her back, her face pale and her short hair ruffled. A mask in the corner of the room was probably hers, maybe thrown on the bench only to fall on the floor.
It was no soft confession. Raw and bloody, it sounded like a wound, still bleeding after all this time. Sherlock had hurt him terribly, not just on the day of his staged demise, but everyday thereafter that he did not return. Even then, once he was back in London, it seemed everything he did struck John like a barb.
'There is nothing you have that could induce me to help you,' he said, enunciating each word. 'I care little for my brother and have no real regard for patriotism or any other such outmoded concept. There is, simply put, nothing in it for me.' He raised an eyebrow as Mary cast a pointed look at the gun in her own hand. 'I wouldn't. Alive, I remain a valuable bargaining chip, at least potentially. Empty threats are the vanguard of the vanquished, Mary.'
John watched, trying to read the play of emotion over Sherlock's face. He could not hear more than the very edge of Mycroft's baritone, but he could make out the rhythm: not quick and to the point, but slower... almost gentle. Sherlock's expression collapsed into a frown, his lips pinching at their corners as he met John's gaze.
Of course, he knew it was not just the flat itself that drew him in, but the presence of the man at his side. Sherlock was an undeniable part of the equation of John's well-being. He had resented that, before, but now he could see clear as day how necessary Sherlock was. Without him, the idea of facing what had happened – what Mary had done and the actions he had taken as a consequence of that – would be impossible. It would fester and rot John away from the inside until there was nothing left but a shell.
'But which one's which?' John shrugged, turning around to read some of the information that Mycroft’s people had provided. 'It says here that the memorial is aligned to the cardinal directions: north, south, east and west.'
John braced himself for the slew of information Sherlock could usually produce, his breath halting in his throat when, instead, he shook his head.
John blinked. He'd not noticed Sherlock go, but it seemed like he'd marshalled every pillow and cushion in the entire flat for John's use. There was barely a moment to protest before Sherlock set to work, building him a luxurious bank of comfort that let him sit half-reclined.
The temptation to return to Baker Street, to lie in wait in case his targets decided to launch some kind of assault, curled in his heart. Perhaps then he could bring this whole thing to a brutal, bloody end, but Sherlock suspected it would not be so easy.
John should have been little more than another face in the day-to-day parade of individuals in Sherlock’s life. In fact, that’s precisely what he’d been aiming for when he limped into the lab at Bart’s. Sherlock rarely saw someone innocent of a crime trying so hard to blend in with their surroundings.
‘I know.’ Even like this, facing a bullet, Sherlock sounded impressed at John’s paltry gift. He knew John could fire the gun in any direction and still make sure the projectile killed him or, if he was harder to kill than most, at least cause him some real problems.
'Yes.'
How long would it take their adversaries to realise that their quarry had gone to ground, rather than acting as they had hoped? The splinter group had been patient and careful before, but they were running out of time. Like Mary, they stood in the jaws of a closing trap. The file would offer them an escape and allow them to stand against the old guard, but without it they lost any upper hand and would likely succumb to the fierce retribution of the organisation they had betrayed with their desertion.
'Do you think we should?' he asked. It was easier to speak this way, back-to-back, comfortable in one another's company but without the connection of eye-contact or body language to feed their uncertainties. If nothing else, he suspected it allowed John to hide the depth of his feelings and talk more freely: something that he desperately needed.
John.
John huffed, opening up a jar of chicken baby food and popping it in the microwave. It was already cooked and could be eaten cold, but getting Rosie used to different temperatures was all part of the process. He warmed the gooey, meaty glup, hoping to get it to Rosie before she had a complete meltdown.
He pressed his foot flat to the bed, using it as leverage to flip Sherlock onto his back in a tangle of flailing limbs. He caught those slender wrists, pinning them gently to the pillow above Sherlock's head. He could escape in a heartbeat if he chose to do so, but instead he lay there, watching John with half-lidded eyes, lax and trusting.
With a deep, shuddering breath, Mary tied her hair back and slipped off her wedding ring. Personal effects would be returned to John later, and she tried not to think about the shock and pain that had carved his face asunder. She tried not to recall the way his hands shook, nor the half-hidden flatness of disbelief in his gaze. Rosie at least, was too young to remember her, too young to mourn her. She left no real scars there, but John?
Sherlock thought of his makeshift resting place on the floor, uncomfortable but for its proximity to John. It had been tolerable the first couple of nights, but as the virus settled in for a longer stay, Sherlock knew he would find his breaking point.
God, he hated her.
A knock on the door echoed through the house, shortly followed by Rosie clattering down the stairs. ‘Got it! Got it!’
‘That hit was a foul. Any player worth their salt would challenge it.’
Reaching for the blanket on the back of the sofa, Sherlock spread it out with a flick of his wrists, tucking it around John’s shoulders to ward off the chill. Cautiously, he slipped a cushion behind his head, John’s nape warm beneath his palm as he eased it into position.
So it was they continued as they were, working on assumptions and hoping for the best.
'We haven't been given the all-clear.'
It would be the perfect opportunity to claim she had acted with John and Rosie's safety in mind. Sherlock could see the gleam of it in her eye, but for once she seemed to realise that John would not believe her. Whether her family had factored into her decision at all no longer mattered, at least not to John. He had given up on her, and nothing she could say or do would win his heart once more.
Instead, he merely rolled onto his side to face John fully and reached out tentative fingertips to rest them on his arm: a subtle connection. A heartbeat later, John took Sherlock's hand and enfolded it in his. He did it boldly, unabashed, weaving their fingers together and holding on tight as if he were afraid the world would rip Sherlock away from him. Sherlock shared the feeling. There was something tenuous and fragile in this moment: the calm before the storm.
Bit not good. That’s what John said when Sherlock got like that. Not that he was much better. He’d seen too much war and death and misery to bat an eye at it these days. He had hardened himself to it, closing himself off from the empathy. It was that or go mad. Still, he supposed people found John’s serious practicality more palatable than Sherlock’s delight.
Sherlock smiled, no doubt enjoying John's surprise. 'After a fashion. She and Mycroft used to be involved. They've kept in touch.'
'Yeah, you could be right.' John took another mouthful. Was it Sherlock's imagination, or was there a brighter gleam in those blue eyes? 'Better safe than sorry, I suppose.'
'No.' John wet his lips, bowing his head as if he were making a ghastly confession. 'Whatever they're up to, it can't be good. God knows what would happen if they got what they wanted.' His gaze drifted to the baby monitor, his brow furrowed. Did he see his resolution as a betrayal of the family that Mary had left behind? 'You'd never give it up, would you?'
Sherlock arched up to meet him, his teeth clenched and his eyes closed, twin flags of colour riding high on his cheekbones. He was no mere recipient to John's attentions, but chased after every caress, hungry for more.
Once, he would not have cared. Lestrade’s problems were of little use to him, beyond leverage. John had changed that. Perhaps Sherlock should begrudge his “positive” influence, but he didn’t have it in him.
'Are all unharmed.'
The two digits weren't code at all, they were coordinates!
'And now they don't. Mycroft's team are experienced at extraction. He would have made sure you were not followed, including decoy cars and false leads.' Sherlock lifted his chin, determined. 'While there may be some strategy to their decision to burn your house down, there is still an element of the desperate to it. It is reactionary, and a possible effort to lure you home to see the damage for yourself.'
One wall of the living room was lined with book-cases and, to his surprise, a large TV occupied the space over the dark fireplace. There was a nursery and cot for Rosie upstairs, and several bedrooms for John to choose from, all the beds freshly made and waiting. There were even clothes in his size, plus spare outfits for Rosie, which was just as well. His packing had been slap-dash and panicked at best.
Thinking quickly, he reached into his pocket for the spare key to Mrs Hudson's, slipping it in the lock and opening the door. The lights bathed her rooms in their soft glow, and John pursed his lips. Her flat was the most obvious point of entry, being both on the ground floor and off the main thoroughfare of Baker Street: the perfect place to break in unobserved.
Fighting the weight of the quilt seemed a gargantuan effort, but he did his best, shifting his leaden body so he could slump against the headboard, dizzy and shivering. John pulled a face, wishing he didn't feel like something the cat had thrown up. His body didn't seem to know whether to sweat buckets or shiver itself into oblivion, and there was no way to be comfortable. Even sitting motionless hurt, and by the time Sherlock returned with the TV in his arms, John was scowling out of the window, petulant and sulky.
'Well, yeah, but at least this way we know the danger's still in London. They're not trying to follow us or figure out where we've gone. They're waiting for us to come back to them.'
Sherlock sighed, sitting down at John’s side before lying back, draping his arm over his eyes to shield them from the dappled sun. ‘Give her time to explore it. You’ll be chasing her all over the park before you know it.’
He barely noticed London's skyline gathering like a storm cloud before them and only blinked himself from his fugue when the car pulled up outside an expensive, under-stated clinic. Medical personnel were waiting for them, and John reluctantly allowed himself to be separated from Sherlock, his grip clinging to Sherlock's hand a second too long before they were led off in opposite directions.
'It was about the information they decoded. He and his minions have managed to decrypt the entire file. It was much as we thought. An itinerary of international secrets, and a number of deposit points where evidence is stored. Mycroft is already getting together the relevant documentation to have some of those secure locations searched. He wanted to warn me.'
'Sit,' Sherlock urged, stepping forward to guide John onto one of the seats at the kitchen island. 'I'll put something together.'
'I'm afraid I cannot say. So far, we have seen no indication they know where you and Miss Watson have sought refuge. Please tell my brother we will keep a watchful eye on Baker Street. Goodbye, John.'
An ending. How could it be anything else? What could be more final than a bullet to the chest and blood blooming bright across the canvas of her shirt? Had she done it for herself? Was it an attempt at control when, perhaps, she felt everything was slipping through her grasp? Or was it more than that – an effort to keep John and Rosie safe from the past that kept nipping at her heels?
For all his shock, John had seemed more than ready to believe in Mary's trickery. He had not denied the possibility, or sought refuge in rage at Sherlock's expense. Instead, he had met the suspicion with weary resignation. It broke Sherlock's heart to see him worn down and spread so thin by the consequences of Mary's actions.
John nodded, just once. He had to trust Sherlock's brother. 'Couldn't they have stayed here?'
‘Well, for a given value of “own”.’
John sighed, scrubbing his hands over his face and flicking on the news. Rosie was asleep, the baby monitor transmitting her quiet snores. Now the house sprawled around him, the world beyond the windows dark and the lamps glowing with mellow warmth. From the outside it probably looked like a home, but John could feel the emptiness within its walls.
'It might give me some focus,’ Sherlock stated. ‘Millie's wounds were forceful and determined. Fencing is about confidence, of course, but it's also about speed. Additionally, when you fence your touch is light, you’re aiming to make a hit, not perforate their spleen. All such things are instinct when holding a sword. Whoever killed Millie had to over-rule their training. Either that, or they're naturally heavy-handed.' Sherlock pushed open the door, standing aside to let John through before following him out. 'Besides, there's more to people than what they'll tell the police. Seeing the fighters on-piste, somewhere they are comfortable, will offer a more honest insight into their character.'
In some ways, it felt as if he were coming back to life after weeks detached from the world. Part of him tried to wave if off as grief’s natural progression. He'd had time to come to terms with what had happened to Mary, that was all. However, he could not dismiss the fact that it was here, in Sherlock's company, that he had taken the first step on the road to easing his despair.
'It's not your fault.' John jerked his head to the side: a quick denial. 'Not one, fucking bit of it is your fault.' He turned to face Sherlock, nudging him with his elbow. 'This, all of it? It's all Mary and me. She's the one who faked her own death and fucked off to God knows where, and I'm the one who was so angry that I shoved you away.' He ran his tongue over his teeth, hating himself. 'What do you think I would have done if I found out you were poking into the details of Mary's murder?'
'Get your gun,' he ordered, his gaze flickering upwards to pin John beneath its scrutiny. 'And be ready to leave.'
Once Mycroft said it, well, it made the most perfect kind of sense. Of course, once, a long time ago, Sherlock had wanted to be a pirate. What kid didn’t? Between the ships and the freedom, the heroics and the treasure, it sounded like a brilliant career choice. At least when you were seven and hadn’t heard of scurvy.
Even from here he could see the way the stranger's chest and shoulders heaved, driven by his fury. His grace had vanished, evaporating like mist beneath the rising sun and leaving every movement jagged and raw. Sherlock was driving him to distraction, narrowing his focus until he noticed nothing but his target, blinding him to anything else beyond the narrow boundaries of the piste. Sherlock had engineered this situation, bringing their nameless suspect out into the light and stripping him of all control.
Sherlock shifted beneath the covers, careful not to disturb the man sprawled at his side. One arm lay over his chest, possessive, while John’s strong thigh pinned his hips in place. He slept, that care-worn face softened with something like peace, and Sherlock would not disturb him for all the world.
In so many ways, John wanted to demand that Harmattan do their worst. He longed to snarl his challenge from the rooftops and get the inevitable confrontation over with, but that would be a fool's choice. These people, whoever they were, had the power to put Mary on the back foot. She had faked her own death to escape their influence, or so they assumed. To underestimate them could well be fatal for everyone involved.
'Drink that, too,' he ordered, setting a tall cup of black coffee down in front of Sherlock. 'Make yourself look a bit less conspicuous while you're staring at everyone.'
'I don't know,' he confessed, bowing his head and reaching out to hold Rosie's chubby little hand. 'I thought, after that mess with Magnusson, the Mary we were seeing was the real one. Perhaps it was.'
'No. It wouldn't work, but it will be enough to distract her. That, more than anything, will be your role in any coming confrontation. You need to hold Mary's attention to allow myself and Mycroft time to take whatever actions are necessary. You are perfectly positioned to strike at her vulnerabilities and she will retaliate in kind.'
'Wait.' The word tore itself from him, and he watched Sherlock sway, caught halfway through the act of making his retreat. He observed John over his shoulder, those silver eyes bright. 'Just, wait. I need to know what's happening.
There was a moment's silence, and he heard a small sweep of sound: Greg rubbing his hand over his face, perhaps, gathering his wits about him before he spoke. 'Right, I'm guessing all this is more under Mycroft's purview than mine. I'll get the bomb squad out to Molly's and make sure the street's cleared, just in case. If anyone asks, we can say we found something suspicious but leave out the details. What else can I do?'
‘Millie Russell,’ Greg said, his voice flat and hard. ‘King’s College fencing champion. Or she was, until last night.’
He was saying sorry for giving Irene the idea they were a couple. As if he still thought, after all this time, that John would object. His hand still rested in John’s grasp as if it were the most natural thing in the world, and John hastily tightened his grip before Sherlock could pull away.
'Good. I'm sure Sherlock already knows a low O2 saturation threshold, but make sure, yeah?'
He could barely breathe. The air was too hot. Their movements were cramped and desperate, but John could not bring himself to care. This was too raw and desperate for any kind of grace. The cool stone wall was the only thing holding them up, Sherlock’s back to it and John pinning him in place.
John, who deserved to find some peace at last. To find his footing anew and settle into a life with his daughter and whoever else he chose to keep at his side. The shadow Mary's actions cast was a long one. It would linger even after all this was over, but unless they brought it to an end once and for all, then the darkness would never fade. That alone was enough to tighten Sherlock's finger over the trigger and press his shoulder closer to the filing cabinet, waiting for the moment when the balance tipped over into the inevitable.
All he wanted, Sherlock thought, was a hot bath and the warm confines of his bed. The case was solved, eventually, though not without a rather unfortunate trip into London’s sewers.
There were charities working for veterans, he knew that, but it was the dead who got the glory. Not their fault, really. It just rubbed him up the wrong way, watching people turn into sycophants before forgetting all about it the next morning: Armistice day gone and forgotten while war raged on.
Was that when he'd stopped loving her? Properly loving her? When he'd found out that, in the end, she was not who she said she was? It wasn't even the fact that she was an assassin that bothered him. It was that she had lied.
Mary ran her finger across her top lip: a minor tell that obscured her mouth and was designed to distract the eye. Sherlock knew it well. What she was about to say would only be a partial truth. 'Information. It's how the world runs, these days.'
‘Thanks.’ John smiled. He had no doubt Sherlock had been about to dump his coat into Sally’s arms, which would only aggravate the sergeant’s already simmering temper.
‘Stop it,’ Sherlock muttered, as if reading John’s mind.
'Can we fake it?' he whispered, keeping his voice down just in case Sherlock had missed any bugs. He watched those elegant fingers tap across his mobile phone screen, sending off messages left, right and centre. Where John felt helpless and half-paralysed, Sherlock sprang into action, his mind already awhirl with possibilities.
John meant what he said. He forgave Sherlock, and what remained in the wake of that was a breath-taking, terrifying hope. He had spent months thinking they could never go back to how they had once been. Now, for the first time in bloody years, he found himself acknowledging that those feelings had never truly died. They lingered still, banked embers, just waiting to blaze to life once more.
Words caught in his throat, dying before he could give them voice as he struggled to choose just what to say. More gratitude, heartfelt as it was, seemed redundant. Instead, he could only offer a weary smile. 'I'll be all right,' he promised at last. 'I think the worst of it is over.'
Now, amidst the rubble of a different making, Sherlock could see he had nothing left to lose.
The expression on Sherlock's face suggested he had expected nothing less, and he offered no argument as he straightened where he stood, his voice firm and strong. 'We're in this together, John, and we'll finish it together, but let's not make our move before we're ready.'
No, the flat and all of its comforts beckoned.
Yet he was not the only one whose mind bloomed with strategies. He was in the company of two soldiers, both of whom he suspected had practical experience of guerrilla-style warfare. Neither John nor the commander cowered in wait for the predatory assault team that would soon stalk them. Instead, they set about manipulating their environment, moving furniture to block lines of sight and selecting the best angles of attack and defence.
With that parting pearl of wisdom, she retreated back into the sanctuary of her flat, leaving Sherlock to trudge up the stairs and through the door of 221b. He told himself that the eerie quiet of the home he shared with John was his imagination. No pall hung in the air. Nothing had changed except the presence of the virus within the sheath of John's skin. Still, he felt jittery, disturbed at some level far deeper than the conscious mind.
'And if not?'
He checked the clip of the Sig, the old pattern learned by rote and written deep in his muscles. Ducking down, he scurried across the intervening space, clinging to what little shelter he could as he watched the windows for any sign of life. It would be all too easy to allow his concern for Sherlock to over-rule his common sense, and John clung to his army-training.
If he didn’t, the whole thing would probably blow up in his face.
Sally's lips curved in a sneer, and she rolled her eyes as she turned away, leaving John to hurry off in Sherlock's wake. He should have known the temporary almost-truce was too good to last. Still, at least Sally was professional enough to take Sherlock's advice. She'd check on the family no matter how Sherlock insulted her.
‘Who made this?’
Sherlock watched her, trying to deduce what had caught her attention even as he considered the possibility of escape. The chair he was bound to was sturdy oak, unlikely to break no matter the force he used. Nor had he managed to locate any sharp edges in his surroundings that might help him cut the zip ties free. His feet remained untethered, but Mary had taken extreme care to remain out of range of any kicks, and he doubted his bleeding leg could support his own weight, let alone anything else.
Dimly, he noticed that some of the photos had changed position, as if John had examined them while Sherlock was busy. Hope fluttered ghostly wings in the pit of his stomach, and he raised one eyebrow in query as he jerked his head in their direction.
'And if we don't get there before them?'
The minutes dragged by as John paced the kitchen, bleeding off some of his restless anger in quick, ferocious strides. Sherlock stayed out of his way, perched in front of the laptop and apparently lost in thought. No doubt his mind raced with questions and possibilities. He would be merciless with Norbury, of that, John could be certain. There would be no circumspect questioning. Sherlock's intellect cut like a knife and his words would do the same. The question was, would Norbury have any answers for them?
One of the wardrobe doors stood open, the hangers within a tangle from where John had pulled garments free from them in a hurry: prone to running late, which was only half Sherlock's fault. Blackout curtains and tousled sheets gave away the fact he slept poorly, even now, and the lack of books on his bedside table suggested the quest for slumber remained his primary concern.
Air rushed into his lungs as he tore himself awake, sweat cooling on his brow and nausea rolling in his stomach. He swallowed back the greasy, sharp taste and tried to ease the way his heart hammered, driven half-mad. It wasn't real. It wasn't, and it was, all at once. Sherlock lived: it had all been a trick. Mary died: she was never coming back.
'My team picked up a white transit van leaving the area near where Sherlock was found: a similar vehicle was also spotted in close proximity to Miss Hooper's home early this morning. Two individuals were in it, though both took great care not to show their faces.'
Perhaps even more.
'What makes you say that?'
'Various people have been seen watching Baker Street, including Mary.'
He hadn’t cried, not beyond those first, desperate tears of shock and horror. How could he, when it all felt so wrong? Sherlock wasn’t dead. He couldn’t be. It didn’t matter that he had seen him fall - had seen him lying there, bloody and broken in ways no doctor could fix. It just didn’t make sense.
'Any sign of the splinter group?' he asked, glancing at Mycroft, who tilted his head.
'And who's that? Harmattan, or Mary?'
Kids these days, and most adults too, thought love was about what you got up to in bed, or against a wall, or over the kitchen table… Except that sex was everywhere, on every telly show and in all the magazines. There was nothing intimate about that, not any more. It was about touching flushed skin and sharing fluids and not much else. All pleasure and no heart.
‘Now, we solve the case.’
'Well,' he sighed, bouncing his daughter gently. 'Let's see what we've got, shall we?'
It took his eyes a moment to adjust, and he wrinkled his nose, examining the shafts of sunlight that filtered down through the holes in the roof. Once, it would have been filled with wares or shelving, possibly both. Now it was simply a huge, open room, penned in by uncertain walls. The flick of the light-switch did nothing, and John peered into the twilight.
He reached out, unable to stop himself, tracing his fingertip down the sinuous length of Sherlock’s spine. He teased at the cleft between his arse cheeks, smirking at Sherlock’s rumble of approval.
'That'll be easier said than done,' John murmured, pressing his fingertips to his aching temple and murmuring his thanks when the silent medic rummaged in a nearby bag, pulling out some paracetamol and water.
'You think that's why we're being watched?'
Or perhaps he wouldn’t pay attention to anyone else’s favourites. Sherlock may be cold and calloused to most, but if John ever wanted proof that he thought of John differently, then this was it. Food and comfort, space and time. He did not badger John to lighten up, as most people would. He gave John everything he needed to weather the storm of his own temper.
John slammed his mug on the surface, the hot drink slopping over the rim. Those blunt, capable hand shook like leaves trembling in a gale, and John’s voice was nothing but a reed-thin croak, rapidly unravelling.
There was little he could do except bide his time and play along.
This? It reminded him of when Sherlock was gone: the resounding, leaden ache his absence left in its wake.
He was the exception to the rule. Nothing he knew of John in those first few moments had changed in the years since. The flood of information, glorious as it was, had sketched the outline of a masterpiece. Ever since, Sherlock had been filling in the gaps and loving every moment.
Greg shook his head, his jaw slack. John knew how he felt. Logic had done a runner. The red-on-white filled his head with its visceral power. Gore did not usually bother him, but there was something about the bloody spectacle and the bird’s cold, uncaring eyes. They were dinosaurs once, or so people said. Looking at the cockatoo, John could well believe it.
'John?'
'Precisely. Mary is not your average culprit. Snatching Molly from Bart's would be too high-risk, and besides, my network has been keeping an eye on her. She's been taking taxis with a co-worker to get home for more than a week, guarding her safety. Mary probably snatched Molly from her house. By investigating, we may be able to gain a better idea of what we're facing.'
'So what do we need to do?' he asked. 'We can't give them this.' He gestured to the laptop, meaning the file they had uncovered. 'Assuming that's even what they want?'
It happened so fast that John sucked in a gasp, ready to shout a warning. The fencer lunged, the line of the sword tracing a wide arc that would have cut deep into Sherlock's shoulder, but he was already gone. His own blade deflected the blow and slid it harmlessly away as he stepped back out of reach.
John pursed his lips, letting out a sigh and giving his head a quick shake, not in dismissal of Sherlock's sympathy, but because he did not know how to respond. 'Thanks,' he croaked at last, hitching his shoulders in a shrug. He debated turning away, but something held him in place, and his next words forced their way past his teeth. 'I wish she'd been the one to say it. "Sorry", I mean. Not that she was, I suppose.'
'You're lying. He had plenty of time, and I calculated the load precisely. He would not have been more than a bit bruised and shaken.'
‘You’re welcome, John.’
‘Do you realise that almost everyone here is having an affair?’
They fell into step behind her, side-by-side. Sherlock’s shoulder bumped against John’s as they walked, and though he knew it probably wasn’t deliberate, he took comfort from it all the same. Sherlock seemed less inclined to dash off these days, more content to slow himself down to John’s pace. Or maybe it was just that he had finally learned to keep up with his whirlwind of a flatmate.
'However, they may not have that luxury. Without more to go on I cannot say how desperate their situation is with the old guard. It could be they cannot afford to lose this file any more than Mary can, and that will make them rash.' He swept the knuckle of his thumb over his lip before tilting his head to one side. 'In which case, they are likely to intercept Mary. They might lead us right to her.'
‘Two days? On the NHS?’ Sherlock lifted an eyebrow, but there was an ounce of pride dancing along the edges of his sarcasm.
It was there, in that small, secluded part of the graveyard, that John first felt it. Like a cold wind on the back of his neck, the sensation of being observed washed over him. His fingers tightened into a fist over the top of his cane, knuckles knots of bone threatening to cut through his flesh. Bloody Sherlock. It had to be. Of course it was. He never knew how to leave well enough alone.
Well, not quite. Dying had been easy. Coming back? That was another matter entirely.
'I caused a distraction back in London, something to captivate your observers' attention so you could get away unseen. I'm hoping some of what I found in their base of operations will help unravel this once and for all.'
'What?' John barked a hoarse laugh, sounding half-desperate as he leant over Sherlock's shoulder. 'We can't fly the bloody thing.'
Turning towards the north-east, he took a deep breath before setting off. Not a full sprint – there was no need to be reckless – but quick enough to give him the momentum he would need. Slate and concrete sped by beneath him, interrupted only by occasional moments of air as he took flight between one building and the next, darting over narrow alleys and scaling walls without batting an eyelash.
‘No. All fencing blades weigh 500 grams or less. You’re looking for something heavier. Long, though. A sword, not a knife. if I’m any judge.’
saw – but he had to settle for a more basic understanding.
John blinked, wondering what Mycroft had in mind when he created this fortress. 'Right, er... thanks.'
'God, even now it feels like... like she's two different people. Like the woman I thought she was is dead and buried, but Mary herself is still walking around London.'
The balloon, John's substitute, listed in its seat, half-deflated now, withered, much like the man himself.
'John, are you all right?' Concern laced her voice. He could picture her sat at her desk, all of her work forgotten. Even after the mess of their failed relationship she considered him a friend, and he allowed that kindness to wash over him like a balm.
Sherlock’s vivid eyes flickered quickly, as if scanning along a page of text. ‘Anderson, look out for lysis in histology. It’s possible that whoever collected these together and broke in to leave them on Miss Harris’ table did not, in fact, kill their owners.’ He lifted those slender shoulders in a jagged, shrug. ‘Forensics will tell us far more, but if we are looking for someone in the medical profession, we have to consider that these fingers may have come from a morgue.’
‘Oh.’ A tiny frown creased Irene’s brow, here one moment and gone the next. ‘I suppose congratulations are in order.’
Rosie hiccupped, and her whimper stirred John from his stupor. He took her from Sherlock's arms, not snatching her away but cradling her tight all the same as he pressed a kiss to the crown of her head. 'It's all right, Rosie. We're all right.'
, and his haggard profile was an ugly sight. Another was of Rosie and Molly doing some shopping on Oxford Street, looking at the bright shop windows on a grey dreary day, and the last one...
'Which means they are confident they can bring about such a turn of events.' Sherlock scowled, dissatisfied with the idea of their forward-thinking. 'A notion which is not very comforting.'
Its contents had not changed. Brief and to the point, they were designed to cut like a knife, carving away any uncertainty. There was nothing kind in John's note. Nothing to save Sherlock's feelings; why should there be?
Yet there were cracks in her composure, faint fractures that hinted at the emotion beneath, and it was not the placid indifference her voice implied. She looked like a woman gambling everything, watching the spin of the roulette wheel to see if she came out a winner, or if she would be dragging Sherlock and John down with her in failure.
‘I was going to say “got our act together” actually.’
‘Why not?’
'Yeah, I've got a thumb-clip. I bought one back in December.'
John stood back, letting him pass through to the living room before following along behind. The fire still burned in the grate, offering a joyful atmosphere at odds with the bleak mood that seemed to coil around them. Rolling up his shirt sleeves, Sherlock flicked on the lights, chasing off the shadows before scooping the pictures from where John had left them strewn across the floor.
Tempting as it was to remind John of all the skeletons in Mary’s closet, Sherlock shook his head. As Mycroft had pointed out all those years ago, what mattered was not that John was getting married, but that he was not getting married to Sherlock himself.
Sherlock lay sprawled on the mattress, the sheets wrapped around that elegant body and his hair a tousled nimbus on the pillows. He looked bleary and delicious, those full lips curving in a drowsy smile of welcome as John kicked off his boots and sauntered across the room.
'All right. Thanks, Molly. I'll send you a text about watching her tomorrow?'
'They wouldn't be so stupid!' Mary snapped. 'Without me, they'll get nothing. They'll have no way to even acquire the file. Mycroft won't negotiate with them!'
It was nothing but a patch of concrete surrounded by high, windowless walls. There was a gate that led out into the alley beyond, and he opened it, looking down the narrow, penned-in space both ways. It stood stark and empty, bathed in the morning's weak light, and John nodded in satisfaction.
'Norbury feels safe where she is: secure within the prison service. She's probably right to believe herself so. A maximum-security place like that is nigh on impenetrable to any threat. The biggest danger she faces is one arranged by her own government, and Mycroft and his ilk will not be able to handle this with their usual clandestine flair. Not without raising too many questions. She's in the public eye, and it gives her an element of protection. That makes her confident. Perhaps foolishly so.'
The shelves carried an eclectic mix of bits and pieces, suggesting maybe she was an academic before she became an administrator. Her desk, though large, carried the scars of the passing years: a much-loved piece of furniture. A gleaming new Mac perched on its surface, the screen shielded for privacy, and John settled into one of the very comfortable chairs set up for students or whoever else might find themselves within the book-lined walls.
John grabbed Sherlock's wrist before he could slip out of the gate and into the alley beyond. His heart thrummed, battered by a hundred things he didn't dare say. Instead, he could only swallow, his voice hoarse around his plea. 'Be careful, yeah?'
At first glance, John could almost tell himself Sherlock had simply slipped into his mind palace. Except, if that was the case, he did not look like he had gone willingly into his memories. No, if anything, he would say Sherlock was having a panic attack: paralysed by whatever association his marvellous mind had made.
'All right, but no commentary from you. I don't need you telling me I'm watching crap.'
She would not have suffered, Sherlock realised, not even for a moment.
‘Your clothes are several seasons behind the current fashion. Your shoes have been repaired and you would never normally allow your manicure to fall into disrepair.’ Sherlock mused, walking around Irene in a steady circle. It took John a moment to realise he wasn’t looking at her, though, not really. A glance, here and there, to take in the details, but the rest of the time that brilliant gaze was fixed resolutely on him.
'So that's it?' John trotted across the kitchen, interceding before Rosie could try getting into any more cupboards and redirecting her attention with a flashing, singing ball. 'We're just going to wait for Mycroft?'
'Be good, yeah?' he asked, knowing she couldn't understand, but needing it all the same.
‘I wasn’t,’ he lied, brash and bold-faced. The fact he was loitering by the door suggested otherwise, but Mycroft had no actual proof of any wrong-doing.
‘We’ll be along presently,’ Sherlock added, his brusque tone softened at its edges as he inclined his head to the Dean.
The windows were a different matter, and John decided that he would be better off trying to dissuade intruders from getting through them by stacking breakables on the wooden sills. He used plates and cups, rather than anything irreplaceable, uttering a brief apology to Mrs Hudson for the abuse of her crockery. Anyone hoping to break through the glass and clamber in would struggle to do so without sending the pottery crashing to the floor: something he and Sherlock were bound to hear.
Greg nodded, giving a shrug. ‘Thanks. It’s more than we had to start with.’
Pursing his lips, Sherlock shook his head, ignoring the ache beneath his ribs. There was nothing to gain from these morose meanderings. If John’s departure hurt, then who did he have to blame but himself? He was the one who had opened up to sentiment, and this was the result: misery and melancholy.
One which had led him to this time and place, safe and loved in Sherlock's arms.
'One in which Mary believed she held all the cards. I wonder if, in the end, that was her downfall. I've decoded entries from her logs to give us some indication of the time-frame of her activities. She started when she was still part of AGRA.'
He was under no illusion about the facts. Regardless of their friendship, Mary's life would be eminently closer to the "normal" she claimed to desire if Sherlock was gone. He was not, and never had been, part of her plan. He was a facet she tolerated for John's sake. Perhaps she even understood that in some ways, he helped John to be the husband she wanted, more accepting of normality as long as he had a little bit of Sherlock's wildness to soothe his cravings for adrenaline.
'Thank you.' Sherlock disconnected and drummed his fingers on the table, casting a dark glance towards the clock on the oven.
'Sit.'
Even then, Mary had known that hurting Sherlock would hurt John in turn. Had she feared that ending his life would have brought John to his knees in a way she could not cure? Had it been a conscious decision, or had all this been something lain down deep within her instincts, forcing the bullet slightly lower and leaving the outcome of the wound ambiguous at best?
John closed his eyes, his nostrils flaring as he inhaled. A buzzing filled his ears, shrill and discordant, getting worse with each moment until a gentle touch at his wrist sent it crashing into silence.
John blinked, looking down at the sleek, black panel where a key-hole should be before pressing his thumb to the screen. A moment later, the door's bolts slid open, allowing him to push his way inside. He neither knew nor cared when and where Mycroft had got his fingerprints. After all, the older Holmes had plenty of opportunity over the years.
He chewed his lip, still swollen from Sherlock's kisses, trying not to let his circling fears gain any ground. Not that it worked. By the time they stepped out onto the street, John felt brittle with uncertainty, like he might just snap in two.
He didn't have to utter a word, not to a man as attuned as Sherlock. He noticed the switch in John's mood immediately, and his right hand dropped to rest on top of John's knuckles. The scar lay hidden beneath the thick wall of their palms as he blended gentle, close-mouthed kissed across John's temple. He neither pulled back nor pinned John in. Instead, his caresses grew soft, reminding John of the outlines of his own body. He anchored him with kisses to his brow and the tip of his nose, his chin and shoulders, tying John to the here and now.
Flicking off the water, John wrapped a towel around his waist and glanced through the bathroom doorway to check Rosie was still where he had left her. Satisfied that she had not escaped, he set about drying himself off and running a razor over his stubbled jaw, falling back into old routines like a soldier donning his uniform.
'Her survival. She expects me to give her the file and you to allow her escape, all in exchange for Sherlock. At least, that is what I anticipate. I could be wrong. Mary Morstan has proven, more than once, that she has a unique sense of strategy.'
Sucking in a deep breath, he picked up the device, wincing in spite of himself as he awaited some form of painful retribution. Yet none came. The world carried on as quiet as before, and John frowned down at the small display, reading that there were three short tracks available before he pressed the skip button with the pad of his thumb.
Sherlock swallowed, shaking his head as he ignored the pain that clenched beneath his ribs. It was of no matter. He had survived life before John, and he would survive it after him. His main concern now had to be finding out who was watching John and why. It may be the last thing tying the two of them together, but as long as the mystery lingered, John would never be free to make a decision regarding what their future might hold.
Yet that was not the truth of the matter. In the end, living in a fantasy would get him nowhere. If he and John were to move past this, then they needed to press on through the pain and hurt, no matter how much they would both rather ignore it.
'Wait!' Norbury's hand smacked the tabletop, her gaze flitting to the officers watched her.
'Surely if we know about it, then the splinter group does too?' John asked.
Sherlock hated her for it; the pain she caused, even now.
John raised his eyebrows, accepting the mug gratefully and taking a big, hot, fortifying gulp. ‘How do you know all this?’ He tilted his head. After all this time, Sherlock shouldn’t still be able to surprise him. Yet here he was.
'Clothes,' he murmured. 'What about her clothes?' The files spun past, a flashing roulette skimming before his eyes until he found what he was looking for. Mary's blouse showcased its gruesome testimony on its front, the rusty brown stain damning in all respects. However, it was the photographs of the back that Sherlock cared about the most, and he snatched the copy from the printer before exposing the image to the glare of the kitchen's spotlights.
He sighed, glancing away from the epitaph of timepieces and over at the jewellery counter, still remarkably intact. Diamonds and sapphires winked beneath the glass, untouched. That was why Sergeant Weaver had allowed them across the tape. Sherlock’s reputation preceded him, and though it did not take a genius to see something was off about this “robbery”, all the usual alternatives didn’t seem to check out either.
Flicking on the kettle, he glanced towards the baby monitor. For now, at least, Rosie slept on, oblivious. The water steamed as he poured it over a teabag. Caffeinated. His only compromise to the fact it was just gone 2am was that he wasn't drinking coffee. He needed it though. The heat. The clarity. Something to root him in the moment and brace him as he faced up to the truth of his situation.
'I'll check anyway,' Molly promised. 'Maybe she didn't scratch her attacker, but she might still have managed to grab some trace of him for us.'
'He just – he just moved so quick...'
'Whatever happened to "caring is not an advantage"?'
'Unlikely, but we can at least put her on the back foot. You are Mary's weakness. Her connection to you, for all that it was filled with untruths, did not lack genuine feeling. That's why she will attempt to meet you alone. It is a two-way street, that sentiment, and Mary will endeavour to influence you even as you attempt to do the same to her.'
John sighed, scrubbing shampoo through his hair and soaping his body as his thoughts whirled. It all felt insurmountable: one thing after another when he was at his weakest, stacked upon him like a teetering pinnacle about to come crashing down around his ears.
Sherlock cast him a disbelieving look. ‘Football has “friendlies”. In fencing, it is either an assault or a bout. Either way, they’re keeping score, and there’s nothing relaxed and amiable about the way they’re fighting.’ Vivid eyes narrowed before long fingers snagged at John’s sleeve, dragging him away from the scene. ‘Come on. We should not keep Lestrade and the Dean waiting.’
'Maybe I should call an ambulance,' he muttered, guiding Sherlock to the floor and trying to ignore how hard his own hands were shaking.
Sherlock hummed, his eyes narrowing in thought. ‘Possibly. Molly will be able to tell you more about the injuries, but most people tend to flail around with a sword. These, though they’re vicious, are quite precise. The person wielding the blade was familiar with one.’
'Yet nor was I blameless. You were not wrong. My arrogance hardly helped matters. Perhaps if I had approached it differently...' Sherlock grimaced. He had spent too long going over that night in his mind, pulling at the various strands of events in a desperate attempt to weave an alternative outcome, but to no avail. All his deductions and extrapolations ended in the same place: with Norbury pulling the trigger. 'I'm sorry, John.'
'Thanks,' John rasped, smudging a kiss against Sherlock's temple and nuzzling at his curls. 'I needed that.'
‘We can switch if you like,’ he said, staring unseeingly at the car in front. He’d given up trying to make rude words out of the number-plate an hour ago. Now he never wanted to clap eyes on an Audi again.
‘If I'm right, then the first segment decodes to “Paris bribes. Marcus Harper. Foreign Intelligence. Three Seven Two.’ Sherlock tilted the page he had scribbled on, showing the hectic scrawl of his deciphering efforts.
John swore, flailing around before reaching into his pocket, scowling down at the unrecognised number on the caller display. He shared a quick look with Sherlock, his expression falling into hard, flat lines as he connected the call. He did not utter a greeting, but listened to the voice on the other end, his eyes growing shuttered. Only one person could make John look like that, and Sherlock's stomach curled in anticipation.
Swallowing the greasy patina in the back of his throat, John retreated. 'It's not him,' he murmured, meeting Mycroft's gaze. 'It could be the guy that you saw with Mary on the CCTV, though.'
'Almost certainly, but until we discover the nature of what Mary concealed, we cannot act against your observers. They want something, but without knowing what that is, I'm afraid there's little we can do.'
'Bollocks!' John lowered the gun, freeing one hand to jab a finger in Mary's direction. 'If you gave a shit, you would have warned us about what was going on. You would have worked with us. Instead, you faked your death and fucked off.'
“Still need a flatmate?”
'Well, that’s not quite true, is it? Still, I suspect that you’ll have made it hard to access. Time-consuming and complicated, another obstacle in my way. It was never the plan to get the file from you, Sherlock.
Looking over his shoulder at the Intensive Care unit, he considered his options. He ached to be at Sherlock’s side – to be right there – for better or worse, but he did not know if he could bear it.
Like a wound splitting open, the despair welled anew, and John bowed his head before the black gravestone. Tears bit at his eyes and tangled in his throat, threatening to choke him. The shadows lengthened, leaning in to wrap him in their black wings, but they could bring him no comfort. Sherlock was beyond reach, and he was never coming back.
‘John’s going to fucking kill me,’ she muttered. ‘Come on, Sherlock. Please say something.’
He strode away, smug until the moment Mycroft broke the silence.
'You're dead,' he whispered, shaking his head at the phantasm of the friend who meant so much to him. 'You're dead. I saw you fall.'
'I'm not coming back to Baker Street.'
He meant it when he said it wouldn't happen. What he and Sherlock shared was well worth fighting for. Relationships only broke apart when one party gave up, and he knew, deep down, that neither he nor Sherlock saw that as a possibility. They were in it for the long haul. They had been since the start.
'96 percent and 102 beats per minute,' he read out, scribbling in his notepad. 'No dramatic change since this morning.'
‘No.’ He sucked in a breath as Sherlock raised a questioning eyebrow. Already he could feel those same old uncertainties flooding back, but for once he shoved them away. He’d been a coward too often when it came to Sherlock, and he had paid the price for it again and again.
'So, was she watching me, or them?' John rubbed at his left eye. 'What – was she just checking in? Making sure I was all right? Was she trying to work out if her bloody past would come back to haunt us?' He dropped his hands to his lap, running his palms down his thighs and clutching at his leg, no doubt attempting to stifle the ache that dwelt there. 'I wish I could say I thought the best of her, but...' He tilted his head, casting Sherlock a sideways, hurting look. 'It's easier to think the worst, isn't it?'
‘If you –‘
'You may not like what you find.'
'Too much information, or perhaps too little.' Sherlock frowned. 'It's like trying to read through frosted glass, all obscure. I can't see what's right in front of me.'
The only small blessing that either of them could claim was that he had not developed any symptoms. John may be a wretched heap of malaise, but Sherlock remained healthy, much to John's contradictory delight and disgust.
A rumour dangled like a lure was all it took. Moran may be a predator, but he had lain dormant too long. Eagerness for the hunt made him clumsy. Sherlock used that to his advantage. A swift distraction, a poisoned glass and the last of Moriarty’s loyalists followed in the steps of his master.
'Resentful?' John asked, knowing that beside him Sherlock would be glancing at the list.
'Sir.'
She'd craved something else, something different. Something like normality. She'd used her talents to disappear once more, blending in with the great, seething mass of humanity as she found her way to London. She left the life of Rosamund behind, or so she thought.
'It will be. She'll use you as a way to try and get the file, hoping to exploit that same connection, no doubt. She imagines she'll have more luck with you than me. It is your opportunity to prove her wrong.'
He had hoped, perhaps, for panic and confusion in the wake of John's departure. However, this patience implied an element of strategy at play. They had not surrendered the upper hand and merely reacted to John's absence. Instead, they gave the appearance of biding their time: watching and waiting with predatory intent for John to re-emerge from hiding.
There was no way to go back – to undo all that the world had wrought upon them. Neither he nor John could wipe their slates clean and start afresh. Their shared past would always cast its influence, but he would not have it any other way. In that time, they had found and lost and found each other again. There had been deceit and pain, heartbreak and jubilation tangled into the Gordian knot of their existence, and through it all they had persevered.
Sherlock’s sleep-roughened voice purred over his words, and John smiled as he saw a gleam of silver between the dark line of his lashes. He should have known that Sherlock would catch him. After all, he noticed everything.
Once in a while, though, something truly baffling would land on the Detective Inspector’s desk, and it was as if Sherlock’s world filled with bright, crystalline light. The intrigue and the puzzle, oh how he loved it. Others found his delight distasteful, but what did they expect?
Sherlock pulled on a glove with a snap, placing his covered feet with care as he approached the body. ‘Is that what you think, Anderson? That she was killed in a fencing bout?’
John sighed, letting Sherlock lead the way. It didn't take long before they were sat in the corner of a dining area called the refectory. A generous English Breakfast steamed on the plate in front of John, and he hummed in appreciation. He sat with his back to the room, allowing Sherlock to take the seat opposite, which offered him an uninterrupted view of the people gathered around them.
Delirious he may have been, but in the midst of his nightmares, John had been honest. Brutally so. Oh, how he had ranted at Sherlock, eyes glazed and breathless words stumbling. Gone was the clipped, curt anger of when he first returned: its strong walls crumbling to reveal the pain within.
Climbing the stairs at a trot, he shouldered his way into the room he and Rosie shared, wrinkling his nose at the tell-tale odour of a soiled nappy. No wonder Rosie was screeching fit to bust. She'd flung all of her toys out of the cot in protest and now gave John a look of such betrayal that he had to bite back a laugh.
They were loose-leaf, disordered and chaotic, as if someone had thrown them aside in a fit of pique only to scoop up the pages and dump them back on the surface. Dense type greeted Sherlock's scrutiny, and he pursed his lips: ionic alphabet – Greek, he realised. There was no time to translate it now, and he did the same as with the photos, taking hasty pictures as he shuffled through what he could, gleaning everything possible.
'You should find everything that you need, Sir, including for the little one. There is twenty-four-hour digital surveillance around the perimeter of the property, and all points of entry are alarmed. There is also a panic room which is accessible through the kitchen.'
‘It’s about decks, isn’t it?’ John shrugged. The army did not have a great deal to do with ocean-going vessels. Mostly all they cared about was whether it stayed afloat. ‘If it’s got more than one deck above the waterline, it’s a ship.’
It was John.
‘Not about Mary?’ he asked, his grip firm and sure around Sherlock’s wrist. ‘Then who was it about? Me? You?’ His breath shivered between his lips, and his voice tightened. ‘Us?’
'Yet despite that, you don't seem surprised to see me.'  She sighed, looking towards Sherlock. 'What gave me away?'
'You.' Sherlock's grin was a flash of mirth, and John growled in response. It was a non-decision on Sherlock's part, but John heard the message behind it all the same. What they did together today was John's choice. He could have whatever he pleased, to give and take and share between them.
'You were about to suggest that you could drop me off somewhere out of the way until you've dealt with this whole Mary mess yourself. The answer's no, Sherlock. I'm not leaving.'
God, sometimes he wished he'd never met them. Sherlock and Mary both.
He kissed him.
Mary swallowed, and John wished he could see her face. He didn't know if she believed Mycroft's claim or not, but any uncertainty they could introduce was a valuable asset. They needed every advantage they could get. If nothing else, she had to be second-guessing everything, and when she spoke again, her voice strained in her throat.
The only time he showed any real connection with the world was when he changed the dressing on Sherlock's leg. Then, he became alert and serious, taking in all the necessary information as he made his assessment. So far, the injury was healing, though too slowly for Sherlock's liking. The painkillers made him sluggish, and no matter how much he railed against it, he would not be up to running across the city any time soon.
'Give me until tomorrow morning, and I might have something for you,' he promised, his mind racing with possibilities.
As the killer, she should have been the epicentre of that scene, but to John she had been a bystander. Even Mary, lying on the floor and breathing her last, had only been one facet that held his attention. The rest – all his pain and hate and misery, had been on Sherlock – vicious and vitriolic behind the glassiness of shock.
An uncomfortable knot sat low in his guts, just under his navel. Every time he thought of Mary, it would clench, becoming leaden and hollow. He kept remembering the gunshot, the jerk of her body, the pain in her eyes...
‘She’s a vegan.’
'I've rigged a couple of sound traps to catch out anyone trying to sneak up on us. My room should be all right. It's pretty inaccessible, but if enough people break in, it's also a dead end. There's no way out of it without fighting through whoever is coming at us.' He swallowed, wrinkling his nose. He would need sleep eventually, but the thought of getting his head down in his old bed seemed ill-advised at best.
To him.
Sherlock held out an imperious hand, and John surrendered it, pocketing the key card before leaning on the pillar at Sherlock's side. 'Not sure it'll do us any good. Not like we can match names to faces.'
'All done?' he asked Sherlock, gesturing to the small EMP device.
John raised his eyebrow, looking both doubting and amused.
Sherlock was gone, and all that John held dear had died with him.
John huffed a mirthless laugh, propping his elbows on his knees and bowing his head. 'When is it ever?'
'Then we must make it safe for Rosie and ensure we have everything we require to encourage her to thrive.' Sherlock reached for his phone, his fingers flying over the keys as he typed a hasty message. 'Since you have to buy many items anew and your need is immediate, I am asking Mycroft for a loan of the infant furniture in the safe-house: cot, high-chair, that kind of thing.'
It was that time of year again, and John found himself stuck in an irritable, crap kind of mood. Poppies sprung up everywhere. Paper favours and enamel pins: people stopping in the busy rush of their lives to pay lip service to the soldiers who had fallen in war.
cleaved him in two, leaving him cold from skin to spine.
He'd sent it to the surgery in a nondescript white envelope, the address typed and formal enough to blend in with the rest of the mail. Post to his house could be intercepted by any convincing stranger on the street, and John wouldn't put it past whoever was watching him to do just that. Here, letters were delivered straight to the front desk. There were no temps on-staff; no one but trusted employees who had been working here for years. It wasn't beyond the realm of possibility that John's workplace had been infiltrated, but he would take that risk.
Now, not for the first time since they came to the safe-house, he held John as he shook his way through a fresh surge of grief. Whether Mary had orchestrated the illusion of her demise or not, John's love for her lay dead. Any vestiges of it, Sherlock suspected, were quickly warping into something spiteful and cold. There would be no forgiveness for Mary Morstan. Not after this.
He flicked his fingers towards the remains of the warehouse.
The mug of coffee at his side was still warm. Impossible, unless someone had replenished it more than once. Mrs Hudson was visiting her sister, so it had to be Sherlock. No one else had been in. John would have noticed.
Mycroft polished off the biscuit, getting to his feet and retrieving the USB stick before removing a sheaf of paper from his inside pocket. 'A list,' he explained, 'for Doctor Watson to consider when he is ready. Due to the confidential and potentially criminal nature of recent events, I'm afraid a standard therapist will not be suitable. John would not be able to discuss his concerns with any level of honesty. These people are used by our agents to maintain mental health and work through their issues. Since they operate under the purview of MI5 and MI6, they are accustomed to dealing with more... unique situations.'
‘Or rigging,’ Sally added. ‘My dad loved boats. He used to say it was something to do with the way they turned. Whether it leans in or not. Something like that.’
Selecting a line of approach, he pinned his body to the wall beside the door. He could make out Mary's voice: her volume steady and her tone traced with mockery. Yet beyond that, there was no other noise: no pacing or shifting. Grimly, John wished he could get one quick look into the room to know what he was up against, but he did not have that luxury.
Molly nodded: a slow acknowledgement that he might be right. 'I can watch Rosie tomorrow, and Mrs Hudson said to call her whenever you needed help. I'm sure between all of us we can sort something out.' She pursed her lips, shifting her weight. 'If Sherlock –'
Hefting the grocery bags, John waited as Sherlock juggled the luggage and the house keys, taking far longer than necessary to get the front door open. He made a good show of it. Anyone who didn't know him would consider it a genuine struggle, rather than a pantomime. 'Hurry up,' John grumbled. 'It's brass monkeys out here.'
'Wait, don’t –'
Sherlock swallowed, shaking his head. It was useless supposition. He had reached a dead-end, and battling against the mental wall in his path would lead to nothing but pain and frustration. No, he needed to find out what his consultant hacker unearthed on the USB stick. Somewhere there was a connection, something that would tie his disparate theories into a web that could ensnare John's stalkers and get rid of them for good.
He dropped his bag before retrieving his wash kit, thinking only of brushing his teeth and collapsing into bed. He did not meet his reflection's gaze as he got to work. His actions were mechanical, leaving his other senses free to pay attention to his surroundings. Years of army training meant he barely needed to think about it. He prioritised and categorised every sight and sound, listening for anything unusual as he rinsed out his mouth.
Sleep claimed him, and John went willingly.
‘John won’t kill you.’ He wet his lips, screwing up his face as his stomach roiled. Head injury. Concussion. A fair bit of blood. No wonder Donovan looked like… like that. Like she was staring at a corpse in the making. ‘He’s a doctor. He values life’
'I wouldn't want them to.' John raised his eyebrows, leaning back to get a better look at Sherlock's face. He read the truth in the faint lines of insecurity etching themselves into that expression: uncertainty painting its mask over the bright glow of hope. He was no genius, but he would bet a month's wages that someone in Sherlock's past had expected him to change. Someone had thought they'd be able to mould him into what they wanted.
Sherlock looked up from his notes, a shiver running down his spine. He had not noticed the fire dim, the flames turning to embers as London’s night drew in. Baker Street, old as it was, could not boast good insulation. Drafts whispered around the window frames and frost drew its patterns on the inside of the windows.
John squeezed his hand again, his head lolling back against Sherlock's chest. Shadows stamped themselves under his eyes and dragged at his skin. Already, his breathing was deepening, turning slower and steadier as sleep tried to claim him. Not, Sherlock suspected, the same shattered, terrifying, dream-riddled slumber of the past twenty-four hours, but something restful and restorative.
'No.'
With a sigh, Sherlock trotted down the stairs, focussing on the shared areas of the flat. He ran his gaze around the hall, analysing the surfaces that John might have touched. It took him a solid half an hour to disinfect door-handles and light switches, coat hooks and the bannister rail. His hands grew sweaty in his gloves, but the repetitive, boring task at least helped burn off some of the anxious energy that pressed itself against his skin.
Irrelevant. They would not blame her. Not when the blame was not hers to bear. His own fault. A misjudgement. One which no one but he would pay for, not even in so cryptic a currency as fear or dread.
Slipping the ring on his finger, he swallowed, his heart racing. He had never considered himself romantic, but he could not deny the truth:
‘Perhaps,’ Irene Adler said with a smirk, ‘we should make a fresh start.’
Sherlock took it all in with a sweep of his gaze and politely said nothing as he divested himself of his burdens. A steaming cup of tea found its place on the bedside table, and he settled the hot water bottle with John's reach, refraining from comment when John all but pounced on it.
Greg hummed his agreement, folding his arms. ‘Anything else you can tell us? Anything about her beyond what we already know?’
Not for the world.
He would as well, but Greg thought that was a price Sherlock could pay. He was slumped awkwardly in John’s armchair, suit jacket abandoned and his shirt sleeves rolled up. Rosie, sturdy at almost three years old, had her little arms around him. She was drooling too, breathing in little snuffling snores.
She would be picking at her lip: an anxious gesture she had never been able to shake, but in her voice there was no trace of doubt. She did not speak in the soft tones of the pitying, or with harsh disbelief. She merely sought answers.
‘She missed.’ He shrugged, knowing that stating the obvious was unlikely to make Sherlock feel much better, but at least it might distract him – tempt him back from the sharpest, cruellest edges of his personality: the ones where justice was a much bloodier, less official affair. ‘Thanks to you.’
He knew the name "Harmattan"; he had come upon them in his time eradicating Moriarty's far-reaching network, yet they had not fallen victim to Sherlock's swift and merciless eradication. Partly, it was because there had been nothing to tie them to Moriarty's endless games, but also there were some organisations that remained beyond his reach. Unofficial, according to global governments, but well-resourced and perfectly trained: the scalpels needed by those in power to cut the world into the shape they desired.
He eyed the tense line of her back and the rounded hunch of her shoulders. She braced her palms on either side of the keyboard, the gun resting on the desk nearby. She was confident he would not be able to retrieve it from her, and he had to admit that she was correct in that regard. However, he did not need bullets to wound people. He could make the truth his weapon, and he had every intention of doing so.
The accusation cut through the air, brutal and pointed. John glared at him, his gaze cutting across the intervening distance, daring Sherlock to protest.
Here, captured by one intense moment of radiation, they were living, growing structures, sculpted by the body that surrounded them: exquisite. They were the glowing core of every vertebrate creature, haloed and brilliant against the black.
'You won't win against them,' he pointed out, knowing he was pushing his luck but aware he had no other choice. 'Not on your own.'
He talked about the gun calibre and the damage to Mary's body, the inconsistency of the bloodstains and the residue on her shirt. With every theory he outlined, John's heart sank a little further. How many times had they both fallen for Mary's ploys because they had refused to look beneath the surface? Now, history repeated itself, and John was left feeling like a fool.
He’d patch himself up. After that? Well, he had a case to solve.
It should feel awkward, being like this. Oh, he and Sherlock had touched before, quick flutters of companionship or a swift embrace of relief. This was different. Sherlock held him as though he were something precious to be treasured, and John felt guilty for relishing the gentle warmth of him and the hard planes of that body against his own.
'With my love life?' Greg pulled a face. 'Sweet fuck all. I don't have time to eat dinner by myself, let alone take anyone else somewhere. I'm too busy at work. Seems like half of London's trying to kill the other half. I swear this city is off its rocker.'
He dove into his mind palace and allowed his memories to unfurl.
Sherlock would never agree to that. How could he, when he had John beside him: golden and glowing and glorious and better yet, fresh from the shower and wearing nothing but a towel?
John’s lip curled before he took another sip of beer, torn between wanting to ignore the ghastly sight and being unable to look away. He wasn’t sure what disturbed him more: the tatty ears, the huge eyelashes, or the sorrowful expression of the poor zebra whose head sat mounted on the wall.
'Well, that's not surprising, is it?'
He shivered, knowing there was nothing that could warm him up again. It felt like his bones were carved of ice, radiating a primordial chill and chasing the life from his frame. It felt like he'd replaced his blood with grave dirt. Maybe he had. He'd spent long enough mourning at tombstones, these past few years.
'Not someone I know. Somebody she paid to assist, rather than a so-called friend, ally or acquaintance. Young adult male by his build, but an unknown.'
John slept on, clinging to Sherlock as if he were the only thing that mattered in all the world.
Mister Holmes. Try not to use it where you might be seen. Not on the street. Not in your apartment.'
A tight noise pulsed in John's throat, hastily stifled, and he crammed his fist against his lips, a cold sweat breaking out across his brow. A distant, snarled word from the other end of the line made him smile: Sherlock calling Mary an idiot, but he said nothing more.
Only the distant buzz of Sherlock's mobile tweaked his ear. John paid it no mind until he picked out Sherlock's next words, spoken not to him but whoever was on the other end of the phone.
'Because of Mary?'
In many respects, they were not dissimilar to what AGRA had once been, except that they answered to no single government. The group itself had existed for longer than Sherlock had been alive, and in that time, they had collected their own knowledge – their own power. Enough to make them shadowy but influential figures in global events.
He could not take on a case or invent some excitement to offer a distraction, and that, more than anything was what John needed. It was not that Sherlock wished to banish John's emotions, but rather that he hoped to give him some respite from their endless burden. Of course, there was one sure-fire way to bring John back into the world that awaited him.
He cleared his throat, letting his eyes wander the ceiling of Baker Street, taking in the occasional flutter of oft-ignored cobwebs lingering in the corners as he uttered the uncomfortable truth. 'You must know that there is no way forward that I can see which will bring Mary back to you.'
'Yes. The only survivors of the splinter group are incarcerated and will remain that way. The Harmattan old guard have distanced themselves from the whole affair; they will cause no issues.' Mycroft's expression softened into something almost kind. 'Miss Watson misses you and would greatly benefit from your presence.'
'The link to AGRA is the fulcrum on which this rests.' He traced his fingertips over the acronym, considering the individuals that each letter represented. 'With the demise of Ajay, Mary was the last surviving member of the group and the final connection to this "O Dio" individual, with the potential exception of Vivian Norbury.
Yet when he glanced over his shoulder, lips parted in rebuke, there was nothing to see but empty gravel pathways and peaceful stretches of lawn. No lean silhouette observed him from a distance. There was nothing there but the breeze, and John shivered despite himself.
There were no crossed out words, nothing to indicate things written and then removed. The pressure of the pen didn't vary from one word to the next. At first glance, sentiment scrawled itself plain upon the page, but on closer examination it seemed to be a mask, hiding what lay beneath.
It felt like torture, standing there within the cloak of gloom that nestled between the pillars. He itched to act, and the only way he could fight the urge was by glaring at the stranger, trying to pick out something – anything – that would let him put a name to the face behind the mask.
'Agreed.' Sherlock got to his feet and scooped up his bag, already striding across the room towards the door. 'See if you can find any more information on the people watching John. I know you've not yet pulled every string in your possession.'
John followed him out, hurrying to keep up with Sherlock’s long stride. ‘What’s the rush?’ he asked, blinking in the sunshine as Sherlock hailed a cab. ‘You thought of something else about the case?’
At least, that's what he told himself.
John stepped back, busying himself with all the little tasks people did when they were trying to distract themselves. He settled on the floor once more next to Rosie, putting on a brave face for his daughter as he reached for the toys at her side. His heart was not in it, his mind clearly too distracted to offer more than a facsimile of a doting father, but for now it was enough. Besides, it sent a clear message. Sherlock had been given a job to do, and that was where he should direct his attention.
John hesitated. Indulging in a fantasy like this, even for a case, was dangerous. It would be all to easy to forget they were shamming. As it was, most people they met assumed they were a couple. This just put the icing on the cake.
And he wasn’t the only one. Sherlock may disregard almost every social convention, but when push came to shove, he saw everything: including his older brother’s well-concealed distress.
As soon as the words slipped out, he wondered if he had ruined everything. Emotions ghosted across John's face, too swift to name, his brow puckering and those bright eyes turning downcast. John fiddled with his cereal spoon, and when he spoke, there was an edge to his voice that Sherlock could not parse.
Sherlock looked down at the fingers clasping his, John's skin tanned against the pallor of his own. It was not a gesture shared in the adrenaline of the chase, nor in the well of grief. Instead, it was deliberately made, and Sherlock's heart surged in his throat as he gave his answer.
Rosie arched her back as he attempted to put her in the high chair, wriggling and fussing. John tried unsuccessfully to shush her so as not to interrupt Sherlock's phone-call. Yet when he turned to look it was to find Sherlock watching them, his mobile against his ear and a lopsided smile on his face.
And who could blame him after the way John had behaved since his return? He had spent every waking moment building a wall between them, establishing the line of friendship so firmly that Sherlock did not dare cross it.
His heart throbbed beneath his ribs, and the tension in his shoulders twisted with every moment. He knew that whatever they faced in London could change his life forever. There was so much unknown about the situation, and the only way to get the answers he needed was to face it head on.
Except that Mary knew what he was like. She'd had plenty of time to learn his strengths and weaknesses over the course of their acquaintance. No, she was not trying to test him. More likely, she was attempting to distract him and further reduce his non-existent opportunities to either make a run for it or plan his escape.
'Are you all right?' John asked, his voice thin and breathless as his fingertips hovered over the bruise that lingered at Sherlock's temple. 'She shot you...'
'That depends. From what Norbury said, their working relationship had already grown more distant.' Sherlock rubbed his thumbnail over his lip, considering the convoluted possibilities. 'Mary was in the process of pulling away from her, though whether it was because she intended to stop her activities or merely carry on independently, I cannot be sure. Whatever the reason, Mary and Norbury found one final use for each other: an escape route of sorts for them both.'
Somnolence: an inconvenience at best. His deprived body’s essential need for rest could, eventually, overcome the siren call of even the most compelling case. Often, it stole up on him softly, creeping in across the edges of his mind like someone winching down the curtain on a stage, forcing the cast of his thoughts into darkness.
No, better to be honest. If nothing else in all their time together, Sherlock had learned that truthfulness was often less painful in the long run.
'What happened to me keeping my distance?'
He offered the card to Lestrade, who took it numbly, blinking as if he didn’t understand. ‘I don’t know if there’s anything she can do.’
John hummed, his smile widening as Sherlock shifted closer. ‘You know you’ll have to tell him eventually.’
Mary had deceived them all.
'John, I think I've found something...' Sherlock paused in the doorway, his face creasing in a frown. 'Are you all right?'
John nodded, already gulping his coffee. Sherlock's mug was empty, and the chips he had set aside had vanished, much to his satisfaction. 'Where are we going?'
Sherlock sighed. It was a simple choice: stay here in Baker Street and allow himself to blur and fade into a resentful phantom of his former self, or head to the Yard. There was really only one logical answer.
Not, he realised, that Mary could have any claim to her either, not beyond the basics of biology and genetics. Had she known the fullness of what she was sacrificing when she put on her performance, or had she thought they'd both still be there, waiting for her to step back into the hole she'd left in their lives?
Sherlock clenched his hand into a quick fist before getting to his feet. He would not allow himself to be tentative, not in this. If John bit his head off for it, then so be it, but he could not let him stand there looking so defeated, caught in a cage of another's making.
'Yeah, thanks for that,' he grumbled, knowing Sherlock had a point. Bed was the best place for him, and he gripped the arm of his chair, groaning as he hauled himself to his feet. The blanket spilled from his shoulder like a superhero's cape, and he clutched it in one hand, trying not to limp as his hips and knees set up a raucous mantra of complaint.
All John could do was wait it out, and make sure he was there when Sherlock emerged once more.
'I have nothing to prove that Mary was not genuine in her remorse,' Sherlock pointed out. 'And I did not dig into her past until it became relevant to your future. Yours and Rosie's.'
With a grimace, John paced towards the kitchen, glad of the distance. It was easier to talk to Sherlock, sometimes, when he didn't have to meet that unapologetic scrutiny head-on. He set about putting together some dinner for them both. The soup from the hospital had been a paltry offering to a healing body, and Sherlock hadn't even had that much.
And for those few who fought back? Who lashed out before Sherlock could verbally rip them to shreds or run circles around their dubious intellect?
His gaze caressed the faint creases that age etched upon John's skin. Some were familiar, old friends. Others were newer, more born of stress and sadness than of joy. Sherlock could never claim to have made John's life an easy one. Even before the fall, he held no illusions about his personality, which could, at best, be considered challenging. It spoke volumes of John's own temper that he had been drawn ever-inward, rather than pushed away.
‘You weren’t saying that yesterday when she got her hands on that scalpel.’
'Here, lean forward.'
A tiny frown pleated Sherlock’s brow. ‘Yes.’ He looked back at the young woman, his eyes narrowing. ‘She wasn’t wearing a mask, but they didn’t touch her face.’
The taste of failure was a bitter wash across Sherlock's tongue, and he swallowed it back as he cuffed a hand through his hair. He had stifled his deductions in the name of keeping the peace with John. He had reacted instinctively to John's request for help, more fearful for his safety than intent on finding a solution, and he had continued to turn a blind eye to the possibilities that could have brought all this to a close.
'John –'
'Are any others catching your eye?' John asked, turning to watch Sherlock check over the room again and sighing when he gave a slow shake of his head.
'Yeah. Yeah. We've been stocking up, me and Sherlock. Helping out Mrs Hudson, too, since she's not meant to go outside.'
And if, a few days later, she found a box on her desk? Well, Sherlock knew nothing about it, nor the creamy silk scarf that nestled in its depths.
‘Your right arm, too.’
Fluffy dice. Sherlock had attended many a crime scene in his time helping the Yard, but never had he seen one quite this strange. Normally found hanging from the rear-view mirror of boy-racers and the occasional cab, these were tied around the victim’s neck. And his wrists. And his ankles...
A whispering breath passed his lips, and he rolled over in the unfamiliar bed, punching at his pillow in an effort to get comfortable. There would be no going back to sleep now. Further rest would elude him. Perhaps he should have done as he originally intended and stayed up all night poring over the evidence he had been able to gather. It could have been time well-spent.
His gaze darted around the room, noting the limited exits – there was only one door and the window had been painted shut years ago. No way out, then. Not without being seen.
His thoughts shattered into knife-sharp slices, cutting his composure to ribbons as his next breath left him in a stuttering stream. His throat throbbed, locked tight around sobs that clawed at his chest, desperate for release. Tears bit his eyes at his lip wobbled, only to be restrained by the vicious clamp of his teeth. He wouldn’t cry. He wouldn’t because that meant it was real. That meant – that meant –
At least now he knew Sherlock had got his message – that the bloody git was aware something was going on. Besides, his single word response said quite a lot. If Sherlock were familiar with the people watching John, then John’s safety wouldn’t be a concern. The question was, if Sherlock wasn’t pulling their strings, then who was giving them orders?
Sleep washed over him in waves: never a deep, abyssal slumber, but shallow, wretched expanses. He could never quite breach the surface, but nor could he find the respite he sorely needed. The headache grumbling around John's skull felt like a constant presence, and pain lingered on his mental horizon, shaping the blank canvas of his unconscious mind into phantasms.
'Tea?' John did not turn to face him as he asked the question, and something twisted deep in Sherlock's belly. He could almost pretend that things were back to normal between them: comfortable and close. If he closed his eyes, he could imagine they weren't like two shards of glass, constantly drawing blood with their jagged edges.
'Would it not be better if you told him yourself?' Sherlock asked, carefully editing anything like sentiment from his voice. He was fairly certain that Mycroft heard it anyway, judging by the faint, mirthless laugh that trickled down the line.
'You fence?' John didn't know why he was surprised, not when it made such perfect sense. 'Well enough to become Cambridge champion?'
More than once, Sherlock had considered taking matters into his own hands and cultivating a test. At least verifying what John had would perhaps offer them some comfort. However, he did not have the equipment and chemicals on hand for a polymerase chain reaction analysis, and nor could he get a sample to the lab. Not even Mycroft could offer his assistance. A framework could not be manipulated if one did not exist in the first place, and the UK’s testing response was laughable at best.
One grudgingly pulled up to the kerb, and he murmured his thanks as he gave the name of a street near where Mary had asked him to meet. He would arrive on foot. It was safer that way: there was less chance of innocent bystanders getting caught in any crossfire. Not that he thought Mary would start gunning people down, but he had once believed her incapable of being an assassin, so what did he know?
Quickly, John pulled his phone from his pocket, snapping as clear an image as he could manage of both the sword and the picture before ferreting the device away once more. He did not think Winters had seen him. She was too busy answering Sherlock's questions, her eyes dry now and the tissue John had given her crumpled in her fist. A weak smile still lay pinned upon her lips, but it was clear her patience with Sherlock's interrogation wore thin.
Her next breath came a touch too sharp, and John pulled a clean tissue from his pocket and offered it to her. She took it with a strained smile as John got to his feet, turning away to look around the room in an effort to give her privacy.
'No.' She pulled a padded envelope out of her bag and handed it over. 'It's come to Mister Holmes' attention that you're being watched. That's a completely private and secure line to the
Sherlock glanced in John's direction, taking in the solid lines of his body and the blank mask that covered his face. Not even a trace of emotion bled through. There was no relief to know that he and Rosie had factored into Mary's plan, nor anger at her desire for material wealth. Instead, he watched her like a cat watching a mouse.
He could put that to one side – would, in a moment, if John required it – but perhaps now, while John was asleep, he should take the time to look after himself. After all, he wanted to be at full strength to help John through his recovery.
‘Her sports bra seems heavy duty: adequate to minimise her natural contours and reduce the danger without making her uncomfortable. Chest protectors have a reputation for being cumbersome. A lot of female fighters will disregard them for practice. She was fencing with a friend.’
Strong fingers banded John's wrists, easing his hands away from his face. He screwed up his eyes, trying to deny the vision in front of him, but it was no use. Like someone caught under a spell, he could not help but part his lashes to look on that face once more. So what if it was a dream? Did that matter? Couldn't he enjoy the illusion, just for a little while? Didn't he deserve some small piece of comfort after so much grief?
He remembered very little of Norbury: an unassuming older woman with her hair in a bun. Glasses perhaps. Neither tall nor short, and unremarkable except for the gun in her hand.
Dawn's pearl light painted the eastern horizon as Sherlock slumped in the doorway opposite a run-down building in Bayswater. It had been an office, once, judging from the papers stacked behind its grime-encrusted windows: an old-records facility, perhaps, barricaded up after whatever company owned it was mothballed in the recession. Now it stood, grim and dark at the far end of a busy street, part of the scenery and nothing more.
Her breath shuddered through her lips, her gaze growing shuttered. 'There was a third version of the file on the AGRA stick I gave you. I know you burnt it, but I also know Sherlock. I refuse to believe he didn't take a copy when he had the chance. That's why I'm here. If I can get that file and give them the information, then all this will be over. They'll leave us alone.'
His suffering compelled Sherlock to do whatever he could to set things right. Not that he could offer much. There was no cure he could slip between John's lips, no panacea to bring him back to health. He could only bear witness to John's misery and do his best to alleviate the symptoms as they arose.
'I'll do that first and let Mrs Hudson know what's going on so she can keep herself safe.'
John glanced over his shoulder, peering through the thin seam of the doorway to Sherlock's bedroom. The occasional flap of fabric and shadow moving on the wall suggested he was doing just as he said. In fact, now he thought about, where he'd expected dismissal from Sherlock, the attentiveness came as a pleasant surprise. 'Mrs Hudson's downstairs if it comes to the worst, but I think I'll be okay.'
'His own.' Sherlock sighed, steering out onto the motorway. 'Though perhaps that's not true. He apologised for the speed of his actions. However, some of what they found could have an immediate impact on the British government and the economy. They are seeking to reclaim it before it's too late. He did not share the precise details, but he would not act with such haste unless it was necessary.'
He could barely wriggle his fingers, let alone twist his arms, and the bolts securing the chair to the floor meant he could not throw himself to the ground in an effort to shatter its restraining presence. Much to his irritation, Mary had thought this through. She was no petty criminal, reacting to an unfolding situation. Even when her plans began to go up in smoke, she seemed merely irritated.
'I'm not suggesting an in-person visit. A video call will serve our purpose far better. John will not agree to being left behind, and I do not think any high-security facility is a suitable location for Rosie.'
London was his ocean and his ship, all rolled into one.
‘John.’ Sherlock’s deep voice rumbled through him, pure temptation and unbridled lust. Rumpled clothes, trousers shoved down around his thighs as John’s hand worked between them, stroking along Sherlock’s length in an entirely different kind of worship. ‘John, please.’
'Cross the street. It's more sheltered on the other side.' John wrinkled his nose, checking for traffic before leading the way. He'd be shuddering if not for the false warmth the beer provided. As it was, he could feel the threat of the cold pressing down around him: London's stormy autumn nights leaving no room for mercy. 'You still want that Indian?'
Sherlock was watching him, his gaze astute, but softer than normal. ‘You’re dealt with worse,’ he said at last, speaking in the slow way of someone working through a particularly difficult puzzle. ‘Much worse, both on the battlefield and off it. You’re not usually this…’
The sounds of Sherlock bustling around in the bedroom tweaked at his hearing, and he listened with half an ear as he peered around the flat. The cleanness of the place was what hit him first. The lives he and Sherlock shared were comfortably cluttered, but now some of that mess had an organised look about it.
'What about the files?' John prompted, perching at Sherlock's side and leaning in to read over his shoulder. 'God, your handwriting is a mess.'
'He's driving. I can put you on speaker?'
John swallowed, his throat pulsing as he handed the bottle of formula to Rosie and made sure she had a firm grasp on it. His hands shook, and he turned to prop himself against the counter as he struggled with the enormity of Sherlock's quiet confession: a dozen or so words that said so much more.  He should have known. He should have seen it at the time, and John cursed himself for his wilful ignorance.
Sherlock watched him, his pale eyes seeing far too much. Not for the first time since they became flatmates, John felt like a short book with big letters: easily read. Once, he had wanted to hide from that searching gaze, but these days there was something almost comforting in it.
He repeated it like a mantra, keeping the cadence of his voice steady and timing it to the sweep of his thumb over John's wrist. Moments dragged out into minutes as John's struggles slowed, growing less fretful. The tense arm in Sherlock's grasp wilted once more. A shuddering sigh escaped John's lips, rattling over a shiver as he once again curled tight in on himself, trapping the heat next to his skin.
‘I eat.’
‘Thank you,’ Sherlock rasped, wishing he had the strength to at least glare at John, but such effort was beyond him. His head was stuffed full of mucus, and his voice had faded to little more than a gravelly growl. His eyes burned in their sockets, and his head ached incessantly.
