“Sunshine over there “ – another wave with the gun which made both Steve and the other guy flinch – “Tried to rob me. So we had a fast showdown with him shooting me and me taking his gun and then I told him to call the police, meaning you. So if you, please, could arrest him…my patience is wearing thin”
"Are you..." Bruce began and stopped midsentence. "...gay?" Tony asked. "You can run away now in disgust and avoid me for the rest of my life."
“Sir, as you might have noticed you are the one carrying a gun and I would advise you to put that one down.”
"I know, but since I had some free time in my hands I decided to check out the field. Are you on the team?"
He tried to walk past them without staring. He could only see the back of the boy, but that was enough.
Taking one look at the engineer, the doctor opened his bag and pulled out a few things. Banner used a thermometer to check Tony’s temperature, sighed and moved on to inspecting the injury. Steve watched him help Tony out of the brace and his shirt, then unwrapping the crumpled bandage on his shoulder. He tried not to stare at the half naked man. Even when hurt Tony was still attractive for sure.
"So, write your names down and throw them in here." Natasha handed out paper and pencils and held up a beanie.
“Clothes are lying outside”, Steve told him, and Tony heard him walking away. Opening the door, he found a pair of soft sweat pants and a blue and red sweater with a white star. Both were a bit too big on his lithe frame but at least dry and cozy – and smelled good. He couldn’t help but blush, knowing that this was Steve’s smell. After tossing his soaked clothes into the bathtub, he made his way to the kitchen.
"The next time something like this happens, don't move him. His temperature was dangerously low. He could have gone into cardiac arrest."
“He told me he just has to ask you a few questions for the protocol he is writing on the incident”, Pepper answered, “Come on, Tony, help this young man like he helped you.”
“Okay”, Steve answered. This was by far the most unusual job someone had ever asked him to do - but not the worst. He waited for the brunette to respond but Tony was staring at him, looking shocked. As soon as Steve met his eyes he looked away, Steve could make out a small blush tinting his ears.
He was indeed a little tired after passing out, but that would pass. Steve was acting way too protective. Well, it was nice and cute and...
“I only bulked up in the army, late puberty or something. Buck was in my squad and we spent a few months in Afghanistan. Bucky got hurt and we both left the army, going on to the police academy. I graduated in…uh, what was it? 2013??”
“About…6 months at least”, Banner informed him. And Tony let darkness wash over him once again; not wanting to deal with this fact right now.
Steve was humming a soft tune while he shaved Tony with swift strokes of the razor. The engineer could feel his face burning with shame.
“I guess I know which building your talking about. I talked to his personal assistant and she just send me a note inviting me over for the questioning tomorrow.”
He nodded and followed Steve back to the kitchen, where the others had just started another round of exploding kitten.
Realizing that Steve must have carried him here, Tony felt his face heating up. God, he was well and truly fucked.
“Well then go, find out and send Mr. Stark our best wishes on his recovery. I’ll let you take the rest of the day off” Fury sighed and dismissed him.
Tony never knew that simple board games could be that much fun and when the others started to leave he felt a pang of regret, that the evening had passed so fast. He had called Happy and was now waiting for him to pick him up.
When he woke the next time, it was Rhodey sitting next to his bed. He was wearing his military uniform and clutching his had in one of his hands. Seeing Tony open his eyes he smiled.
He had been lost in thoughts on one of his newer projects, so when someone had pulled him into a dark alleyway, he had taken a short look at his attacker and decided that the guy wasn’t even worth his time. Like, he had stuff to do.
"Yeah, I kinda fell asleep while working on my project", Tony admitted. It was better to tell Bruce the truth because he would work it out either way.
On second look he actually saw one of the sleeves of suit-guy glinting in the dim light – probably blood. Focusing on it he could also smell the iron tint in the air. Shoot…
Spending time with Steve somehow became an important part of the following weeks. As soon as Dr. Banner allowed Tony to start working again, he did. He knew that Pepper still was carrying a lot of his workload, so Tony tried his best to actually go to meetings and meet the deadlines demanded by the board. During work he messaged Steve. When their schedules allowed it, they met and went out. This way Tony had gotten to know all kind of different museums in New York as Steve was interested in art and Tony enjoyed watching Steve fussing over old paintings. They also managed to discover a few nice places to eat and Tony could finally take Steve out for the once promised date. Overall it felt a lot like dating. But while Tony was 90% sure that Steve was also flirting with him, he didn’t dare to make a move on the police officer. This whole friendship thing was still quite new for him – as in Rhodey and Pepper had been the only ones to put up with his bullshit for so long – and he didn’t want to ruin it.
“I can do it. Well, change the bandages and stuff, make sure he takes the medication…”, Steve said earning himself the full attention of both men. “I, uh, could come over after work. I helped a lot of injured people in the army so I know what I’m doing.”
"Gonna stay here, my parents are busy anyway." Tony answered. He sat up and started cleaning his glasses.
Tony dried himself with a fluffy towel then he put on boxers and sat down at the table while the coffee machine was running.
“Ah, you know, I’m an insomniac but I managed to sleep for a few hours”, Tony answered, running his left hand through his hair.
“I don’t have any plans tomorrow night, so let’s do it” Steve answered, “Also next time, please don’t call my boss. Here, I’ll give you my number, you can just text me; and it’s Steve by the way.”
“You know, I have the day off tomorrow and could come over again, if that would help.” Steve offered with a soft smile. He could see the billionaires face light up with excitement before Stark managed to hide the emotion behind his professional smile.
When they met again for lunch Tony was in a way better mood. He had spent the morning discussing various science projects with some of the guys at the fair and got new input to perfect DUM-E.
Tony sat down and ripped open the bag of chips. He had missed both lunch and breakfast and was getting hungry. Hopefully Steve would return before midnight.
"Sorry guys, won't make it." Tony texted but before he could put his phone away again a number of texts arrived.
The guy snorted and as he opened his mouth it dawned on him that he hadn't been on the floor before they collided.
At least he had managed to obtain the revolver. Tony tried to stand up only to notice black spots form in front of his vision. So he let himself fall against the wall, sliding back down into a sitting position. He quickly changed the gun into his working, left hand and raised it.
"I'm fine", he insisted and stumbled forwards. His legs gave in but before he could hit the ground Steve caught him.
“Put the gun away and get lost”, he sighed, “don’t wanna hurt you, you know. Also you can do better, I have only like 50 dollars on me.”
When he allowed himself a short break he noticed that someone (most likely Bruce) had founded a WhatsApp group for them and the others had started planning a movie night for this evening.
“Well, I’m 29 years old and a captain at the NYPD. I’m living with my roommate Bucky, who’s also my best friend, we’ve known each other since we were kids. We both joined the army after school, I actually had to bribe some officers, since I was, uhm, a bit sickly.”
„Enjoy it, we don’t get those nights this often“, Steve answered with a soft smile. He knew that Bucky did like those nights as well, just them and the silent noise of the car engine. Sometimes they would stop at one of the dozen good pizza places he knew and enjoy some midnight pizza.
"So, if that is true," Steve continued, "would you like to go out... on a date... with me?" He blushed a little, "I mean, after you're healed?"
He carefully made his way to the bathroom. Steve's Jacket and his shoes were missing so he had probably spent his night with Peggy. Even better! Ok, not good, but he was finally alone.
“Just leave them, I have cleaning personnel coming in the morning”, the engineer intervened, when Steve turned on the water to wash the plates.
Maybe he should miss his first class to drop his stuff off at the dorm, but it wasn't that good to miss his first class at college ever. So instead he threw his duffle bag containing his football stuff over his shoulder, grabbed his suitcase and took off as soon as the bus stopped in front of the college. Thank God he had had a tour of campus a few weeks earlier.
Steve only stopped when he saw Tony, leaned against the wall, deathly pale. He was clutching a small package against his breast and it looked like tears had dried on his cheeks. He was not wearing a jacket.
As a matter of fact, Tony knew no one who was doing so bad at candy crush, but Steve failed completely. He also looked a little down.
Steve sat down on his bed again. Maybe he should wait 'till Tony was out. But after a few minutes his bladder started protesting. He had to use the toilet. Now!
When Steve had arrived in the tower, he had taken a short look at the mess that was Tony’s face and then, without any malicious attempt, he asked him, if he should help Tony shave. So now they were sitting in the bathroom, Tony at the edge of his tub, Steve kneeling in front of him.
“Ahhh, that’s a lot better. Thank you, honey”, he sighed. Steve froze in his tracks and as Tony turned his head to look at the blonde, he saw a faint blush tainting Steve’s ears. As fast as he had reacted, Steve was back to normal again, taking the towel from Tony’s hands and smiled.
Tony could feel the panic rising in his throat making him unable to breathe. The monitor he was still attached to gave out loud beeping signals and the doctor started to look quite distressed.
They made their way through the main entrance hall of the building swarming with a lot of people. Steve had to remind himself that even though this was a heavily secured building, people still worked here. Some of the stared at him when Mrs. Potts made her way through the crowd towards an elevator, so Steve gave them a friendly smile. When the door of the elevator closed behind them he could see the redhead’s shoulders slack. She turned around and gave him a shaky smile.
He would love to get to know Steve better but after he had just spent half an hour of his life on listening to him talking about cute girls he was a little discouraged.
Tony ignored him, trying to put on the stupid brace himself – just that he wasn’t really good at it. Even after nearly four weeks after hurting his shoulder and wearing the brace.
Half an hour later Steve was standing in front of Stark tower again; again waiting for Stark’s PA to fetch him. He felt like a dog. Bucky once had told him that Steve was like a golden retriever – happy to serve without complaining - and right now he sure felt this way. Finally, Mrs. Potts appeared in the entrance.
"Nope. Neither can I, and neither could Pete," Tony said. "It would bring an end to over seventy years of war."
Tried, but ultimately failed. It was almost like the more he tried to not think about it, the more he did.
The file containing Beck's proposal arrived about ten seconds after the monitor went blank, titled Illusion Technology: A Revolutionary Breakthrough with Limitless Applications. Tony smirked as he tapped it open, thinking that it was painfully obvious that Beck had gone to Stanford instead of Tony's alma mater of MIT. In Tony's experience, Stanford engineers had always had an extra flair for the dramatic.
“That’s ‘cause he’s the smart one,” Tony says, causing Steve to smile at the abject pride in Tony’s voice.  Peter Stark truly is an amazing child, one of the sweetest that Steve’s ever met in his life, and Steve loves it when Tony brags about him.
wished he could resume his Spider-Man patrols, well, Peter could understand why Ned thought he was being especially uptight lately. Spider-Man had been an outlet for Peter, something that allowed him to use his crazy enhancements to do some good for people, and as much as he enjoyed Academic Decathlon and building Legos and playing chess and his ballet lessons with Auntie Nat, they just weren't the same.
"Okay, but put a boost on it, will ya, J, Steve is trapped!" Tony snapped, pounding on the ice once with his own fist to no avail. "And send out the reconnaissance suits too, yeah? I wanna see who or what the hell managed to cause this! No one's allowed in or out of the Compound until we find 'em!"
"It's not gonna do us any good to get bogged down in what ifs, Steve," Sam said firmly. "Let's just take care of the obvious problem, all right?"
"Peter? Are you okay?" Gwen said softly as they were finishing their dessert. The Stark Raving Hazelnuts ice cream hadn't turned out to be that bad, actually, and Peter ended up eating an entire pint of the stuff, thinking that he'd try the Star-Spangled Berry Blast tomorrow night.
"I'm so sorry, Gwen," he sobbed as he cupped Gwen's cheek, a single tear dropping to land on her silky blonde hair. "I'm so sorry I didn't catch you!"
"Nah, we're too old, or not cool enough, or some shit like that," said Bucky. "Isn't that what Петр said the other day when I asked him what the hell a vine was?"
"All right," Steve said once his cowl was in place. "Tony, I'd like you and Peter to start working on some manoeuvres similar to what he's done with James and Sam. You guys instinctively worked really well together during the battle, so let's work on getting those instincts as sharp as possible, okay?"
With a quick shake of his head, Tony turned back to Phillips to ask for his dismissal, and was startled to find the colonel staring directly at him.
"I'm—I'm sorry, sweetheart. I'm so sorry. I'm—I'm just—I never meant to make you think that—I mean, you know how much I love you, and—I never, ever want you to think that I'd—that I would—"
"Thanks," said James as he got to his feet, hauling Steve up with him. Steve was so dizzy that he nearly swooned once he was upright, his eyes unable to focus on anything besides James's shiny armoured arms holding him up.
That at least brought a hint of a smile to Peter’s lips.  “Yeah, I guess so.  It still doesn’t make sense why the drug trials were suspended though.  Even if they wouldn’t be able to help Steve, I’m sure they were helping somebody.”
"I don't think this is as connected to that programming as we originally thought, Captain, since both of the other times Peter went comatose he had sustained physical injuries as well," said Dr Cho. "But now, since we no longer have to worry about him having to fight against his own subconscious while he's healing, I'm hoping that means this episode will be shorter than the others."
The words were barely out of Steve's mouth when Tony felt his blood pressure spike and a bolt of pain shoot down his left forearm.
“Ah, Captain Rogers,” the man said, far too conversationally for Steve’s taste.  “I see you’ve finally regained consciousness.”
"It's all right, Captain Barnes," Tony said, shooting a wink in Steve's direction. "Like I said, I didn't expect any of you to make it on the first try." He checked over his controls, his tongue peeking between his lips like it often did when he was concentrating. "Looks like you were only zero point three seconds off, Captain, so it should be an easy fix."
By the time Steve wakes, hungry and shivering from the cold, at least twelve hours have passed based on the state of his leg.  He blinks his eyes open to find Tony sitting nearby, bent over his armour as he tinkers with some of its components.
Bucky's eyes went wide. "Actually, I have, when I got fitted for this," he said, indicating his brand-new prosthetic arm. Tony had constructed it using Peter's design, building it from the very same metal that he used to build the container for the tesseract. "They were talking so fast that I could barely understand every third word they were saying!"
"Yeah, that makes sense." Peter could understand that part too. After living so long with so many restrictions, eventually the restrictions cease to be restrictions and just become the new normal.
"Yeah, yeah," Peter muttered as he downed the last few sips of his cocoa. "And I'm not a child. I'm a teenager."
"Oh no!" Steve gasped as he immediately banked to the left, twisting in the air as he pointed the nose of the aircraft straight up. Based on what he'd learned about the X-302's power source the risk of an engine stall in a straight vertical climb was pretty much nonexistent, so as long as he didn't somehow run out of sky he would hopefully be okay—
“Ya think?” retorts Tony.  “Is that why I just bounced the hell off of it like a goddamn trampoline?”
” Tony stated.  “Which I was, last I checked.  As is Steve Rogers.  You know, the man you seem to have
"No, no, don't you be trying to give me any of that bullshit, Steven, you know you're a goddamn terrible liar!" barked Phillips. "How many times have I had to tell you that?"
“We’re not trying to make any guesses at the moment, buddy,” Tony said.  “We’re just trying to put the pieces together of what might’ve happened.”
"Yeah, well, he gets that from you." Tony burrowed further into Steve's embrace, burying his nose into Steve's paint-splattered t-shirt and inhaling deeply, allowing the intoxicating scent of his husband to permeate throughout his body, relaxing him to his very bones. He liked to joke sometimes that if he could figure out a way to bottle Steve's scent, especially the hint of vanilla that always clung to his skin and hair no matter what else he was doing or how sweaty he was, that he could likely double his fortune.
"And can you also please make sure the heat is turned up in Peter's room?" Steve added. "It needs to be at least twenty-eight degrees in there when we get there."
Tony's smile grew even wider. "Ah, his name's Steve. And I've gotta tell you, Pete, he's just about the hottest guy that I've ever seen."
Tony's lips quirked into a soft smile. "Ah, I've still got a bit of programming to do, and then I need to go over the patrol reports from last night and this morning, but then—"
"Do you really think that I've never fought a battle? Are you so arrogant to assume that no one else has ever fought for something that they considered vital?" He stepped forward, entering Dad's personal space, who, despite being several centimetres shorter, proudly stood his ground. "You do realise that Thanos might very well be waiting for us when we arrive at our destination, and if that is the case, that my vow to not allow the Time Stone to fall into his hands absolutely must stand firm. You have to understand that if it comes down to saving you, or the kid, or the Time Stone, that I will not hesitate to let either of you die. I can't, because the fate of the universe depends on it."
"Well, that can't be good," Tony muttered. Steve huffed, grabbing Tony's hand and squeezing hard as they stepped inside the room, which was filled with three rows of what looked like the same kind of odd sleeping capsules that he had seen in one of Peter's Star Trek movies. Steve watched as Tony's jaw tightened and his eyes narrowed, and the lead ball in Steve's stomach grew even larger.
like being reminded about his time in the ice, any more than Dad or Peter liked being reminded of their time in Afghanistan.
"Yep. And his time." Just like Gwen knew that Peter was Spider-Man, she was also one of the few people who knew the truth about Uncle Bucky, that he'd been Papa's friend since they were kids, and that he had been a prisoner of HYDRA for over sixty years.
Thankfully, the monitor stopped its incessant noise about a minute later. It was Ms Sharon's day off for the week, and for once Peter was grateful for the lack of interest from his substitute nurse. There was no way that Ms Sharon would've just sat out there in the nurse's station gossiping while one of her patients was in a dangerously high tachycardia.
"Yes," murmured Steve as he obediently opened his mouth, taking a big sip of the broth. It was only lukewarm, and barely more substantial than water, but his stomach welcomed it eagerly anyway.
"But what?" asked Phillips. "Why the sudden interest all of a sudden, Rogers? For crying out loud it's been ten damn years!"
Tony squeezed his eyes closed, fighting against the tears threatening to fall as he took Peter's freezing hand between his own, cradling it against his cheek.
Materials that Tony would only be able to obtain if his proposal was absolutely foolproof, and then only if General O'Brien happened to be in a good enough mood once he presented it.
"I'm so sorry, little guy," he sobbed, his tears dripping down to wet Peter's blankets. "I am so sorry that we weren't here with you."
Tony shook his head, curling even further in on himself. Normally he would've jumped at the chance to tinker with another alien ship, especially after his experience with fixing Thor's.
Resting his chin on his arms, Peter studied the puzzle, finally connecting a piece of one of Hedwig's wings. He was reaching for another when Gwen's fingers closed over his wrist, halting him.
"That's what HYDRA always does, Стиви," Bucky said, laced with both anger and remorse. "They hit you where they know it'll hurt, and then they just keep on hittin' and hittin', until all you can think about is making the pain go away."
And the very first person Papa had asked to add on as an additional flight instructor was Uncle James, the man who had saved his life during the Phoenix mission dogfight.
"You mean, you don't want all of you super-types to eat everything in sight before I get there?" Tony said with a chuckle. "Not to worry,
"So… you're telling me that you figured it out 'cause you were snooping around in his stuff?" Peter asked. "Is that it?"
As soon as they arrived at the Compound and unloaded their stuff, Peter and Gwen jumped into Peter's bright blue Audi RS Q8 to head to the nearby grocery store. Peter had offered to cook for Gwen that night, hoping to put some of his numerous lessons from Papa and Uncle Sam to good use, and the grocery trip also gave him a great opportunity to show off his new car for his girl, since she'd only been able to see it in pictures up till now.
"How 'bout I give you a haircut later, hmm?" she asked. "I'm surprised you can still see with all those curls hanging in your eyes."
"The day that you saved him," Steve finished. He curled his arm around Tony's shoulders, planting a kiss on his forehead. "You went there, to that hospital, and you stayed there. You stayed there for weeks while he grew stronger, never leaving his side. Isn't that what you've told me?"
Steve attempted to swim that race even though his arm was injured, and maybe even made the injury worse in the process.
Steve grinned, sliding his hand across the console to cover Tony's knee. "Well, like I said. I was really proud of what you did for Scott today. You gave him a job and made it possible for him to see his daughter in the span of only a couple of minutes. Tony, he's going to get his entire life back on track now, and it's all thanks to you."
"But they had my blood samples, Tony!" Steve shrieked, loud enough to briefly draw Bruce and Natasha's attention. "The notes that we found in the Siberian bunker said that HYDRA had my blood samples, and we know the other Winter Soldiers were made and trained at that base. And this base is set up just like that one, and now we've found this list that has Peter's name on it, so—"
Tony’s heart flipped as Obie’s eyes first went wide, then narrowed, which Tony knew from previous experience meant he was about to pull out the Howard card.
Maybe that ER doctor was right.  Maybe swimming really is a lot easier on his lungs than outdoor sports.
"Oh, you're really not okay," Gwen said worriedly as she wrapped her arm around Peter's waist, trying to help support his weight. "Did you already call your dads? 'Cause I know you said they were gonna pick you up, but you probably should—and Mom was wondering if she should call an ambulance or something, so—"
Apparently nature was trying to force Steve into a rest day from running, since his alarm was due to go off in less than three hours.
And torn backpacks and hoodie zippers, ripped shoelaces, and broken drawers and cabinet handles. Peter had once described it as feeling like a bull in a china shop, while still resembling a harmless bunny rabbit. He simply couldn't seem to control his own strength, but since it was so randomly inconsistent, he never knew exactly what to expect.
Tony's bottom lip was trembling as he stared at the wall over Steve's shoulder, struggling to form words. The problem with just going back to bed was that Tony was absolutely certain that even if he tried, he would not be able to sleep again, and it wouldn't be fair of him to keep Steve awake with all of his tossing and turning. Steve may have liked to remind Tony that he didn't need as much sleep as a quote,
"Yeah, 'cause the fact that Thanos is just as big as Hulk isn't already compensating enough?" asked Rhodey.
"Mmm, that's swell of him," Tony said with a nod, shifting slightly on the table. "Bet he and Bucky are spoiling Pete rotten though."
"Oh gods, baby, you know I'll do anything for you." Tony gasped as Steve's lips reached his pelvis and his aching erection, pressing small kisses all along its length before taking him into his mouth. The moan that escaped from Tony's throat was loud and wanton, his fingers burying into Steve's thick blond hair as Steve trailed his calloused fingertips all along his sides and hips, pleasure bursting through his body like fireworks.
“Mr Stark did not accept any calls from Mr Stane during this past weekend, Master Peter,” JARVIS stated.  “However—”
"Hill reported a few bumps and bruises, but other than that it was mainly just property damage." Natasha paused, giving Steve a knowing smile. "And she also told me that the Stark Relief Foundation has already pledged to replace all of the destroyed vendor stalls and any lost merchandise, so…"
"So does this mean that you've actually located your handlamp?" she asked as she stepped inside the room, her own lamp clutched in her slender, piano-player fingers. "I was beginning to wonder if you'd remembered where you put it."
Rhodey sighed, tilting his head. "You know that's not true, but I'll let it slide anyway." He clapped a hand on Tony's shoulder. "I'll be right back."
Sam let out a chuckle as he took a drink of his Powerade. "Pretty sure you're not alone in that sentiment, Cap. I don't think any of us are used to how much that kid has grown lately."
"Well, I'm not exactly sure Howard can make anything quick, but we'll see if he can try, hmm?" said Colonel Phillips.
"That's part of the same long story as the rest, Buck," Steve answered. "One that I promise we'll tell once this is all over."
"We have to do it together, okay?" Steve answered. "That's the only way we'll get through any of this."
"Yeah, okay," Sam said as he got to his feet, stepping closer to the bed as an image appeared of Winter Soldier Bucky strapped to a metal chair, trembling in fear. Bucky jumped as he saw it, his head jerking back as though he'd been slapped as his Winter Soldier counterpart started to thrash against his restraints, begging the colonel to stop as he continued to advance towards him.
" Tony murmured. He jerked his head in the direction of the bedside table. "Lube's in the top drawer."
"I'm not," Steve whispered. He wound his arms around Tony's waist, his blue eyes sweeping across his face. "I just—I just want you. Here. With me."
“No kidding,” Tony playfully grumbled.  “Maybe you can tell the kid to quit growing so damn fast, hmm?  ‘Cause he sure as hell won’t listen to me.”
"But Dr Strange already said he won't do it!" Peter cut in. "So you're really just wasting your breath by arguing with him!"
"All right." Very carefully, Tony picked up Bucky's metal arm, holding it slightly bent at the elbow and donned his own glasses. He thought about grabbing a set of his arm gauntlets just in case Bucky suddenly decided to flip out, but decided against it. Bucky had only been violent with Peter during their very first meeting, when he had first arrived at the Tower and was still pretty out of it, and as much as Tony hated to admit it, Peter had been able to handle himself just fine. Tony sometimes didn't like to admit just how strong Peter was now, but that didn't mean he didn't believe it.
"That he was, little guy," said Papa. He reached over, giving Peter's hair a quick ruffle before turning to the cabinets, rummaging around for a baking dish.
He had even already started on his essay, choosing to write about the simultaneous development of the two different versions of the polio vaccine. Papa had been especially resourceful when Peter started researching for his essay, regaling Peter with numerous stories of his ma's experience with polio victims during her work as a nurse almost a century ago. Papa loved telling stories about his time as a boy, or at least stories that didn't involve him getting sick or beaten up, and never failed to make Peter smile at his enthusiasm when he was able to assist Peter with his schoolwork.
"Of course I am, little guy," Steve replied, almost cringing with how fake he sounded. "Why wouldn't I be?"
Steve reached for Tony's hand as soon as Peter was out of earshot, his face etched in worry. "Tony, he's acting like he has to prove something to someone."
"All right, Nat," he murmured. "Let's bring the pager here and see if Bruce can recreate the signal."
"Huh?" Tony rasped, his lungs rumbling with each jagged inhale. "Steve? What the hell is wrong with you?"
Peter can understand Dad’s need to separate himself from his father, he just wishes Dad didn't feel like he needed to work himself to the bone in order to do it.  He knows it was hard for Dad to grow up under the huge shadow of one of the most prolific weapons’ manufacturers out there, to have his name forever linked with a man whose legacy is building bigger and badder weapons of mass destruction.  And even though Dad hasn’t spoken to his father since Peter was a tiny baby, Peter knows Dad still feels like he’s trapped under that shadow until he can come up with something that is completely his own.
Finally, Dad looked up, his eyebrows knitting together.  “As long as I know where you are.  And just ‘cause I’m allowing you to go there doesn’t mean that you can start wandering around wherever you want, okay?  It’s not safe for you to be—”
"Huh?" Steve said, hissing as Tony cupped his cheeks with his calloused hands, inspecting the skin of his face and neck.
"What?" Steve said, gasping as the pain in his hands and feet suddenly ramped up to almost unbearable levels. He looked over at Tony, trying to blink away the shimmering halos surrounding his glasses as Tony carefully guided him to the ground, wrapping him in his arms.
“All right, buddy,” Tony finally agreed.  He clapped his hand onto Peter’s knee, squeezing it gently.  “Let’s do this.”
Flash's tanned skin immediately went pale, his throat bobbing as he attempted to swallow. "Yeah, whatever. At least I don't need an actual god to stick up for me. And you're just trying to assert your new authority as Decathlon Captain whenever you get the chance, aren't you, Stacy?"
The entire panic room was instantly filled with a nearly blinding yellowish light as the sceptre activated, the Winter Soldier shining it directly in Image Peter's face. Steve flinched as Image Peter let out a horrible, bloodcurdling scream, his back arching up off the table.
"I have no problem with following a proper chain of command, Mr Stark," Stacy said proudly. "As a police officer, I'm pretty well acquainted with it."
Tony nodded rapidly. "Yeah, I know, but here's the thing, and honest to God we're gonna have to thank our kid for this when he comes home, 'cause this is really all thanks to him, but—"
"There," Tony said to Clint, rather triumphantly as Steve stumbled backwards. "Does that answer your idiotic question?"
"I agree, little guy," Steve said, tossing him a brief smile. "Sam, we're supposed to touch down over there, by the main palace building."
"Absolutely. There's no way that I'm missing it." Peter made a mental note to be sure and pack at least three sets of web shooters, just in case.
Sam started, as barely a second later none other than Dr Strange himself stepped through the circle, dressed in the same wizard's robes he'd been wearing when Thanos' alien accomplice had taken him aboard his ship.
"All right… James. Thank you, sir," Steve said. It was beyond awkward for him to address a superior officer by his first name, but as long as the Colonel insisted he supposed it was okay.
you, and there wasn't a single damn thing that I could do about it except hold your hand and beg you to stay with me!"
His list taken care of, Steve tucked it back into his pocket and carefully sat back down, gripping the edge of the countertop as he tried to get a hold of himself.  His heart was still thudding against his ribcage in a staccato rhythm, like he’d just finished one of his morning runs, and he could tell his face was still bright pink, if the waves of heat idly spreading across his chest were any indication.
“All three of them know I’m just fine, bud,” Tony said firmly.  He planted a firm kiss to Peter’s forehead.  “No one needs to be worrying about me, yeah?  Especially not you.”
"Looks like we're here, Стив," Bucky said softly as he gathered up his rifle and secondary sidearms. "You ready?"
"Oh, yeah! That sounds fun, thanks!" Peter hardly ever turned down an opportunity to hang out with Uncle Sam and Uncle Bucky since they were so much fun to be around. The team liked to joke that Dad and Papa often bickered like an old married couple—which was actually the truth—but to Peter Uncle Sam and Uncle Bucky were even funnier. Trading insults, bantering about their preferred sports teams, and in general acting like two grumpy old men most of the time usually had Peter laughing so hard that his stomach hurt.
“Captain,” Thor says as he grabs hold of Steve’s shoulder.  “Captain, I am here, but I am afraid I’m going to have to ask you to move.  You see, I cannot release the tether, so—”
"I know Wanda didn't mean to make us see what we saw in that HYDRA bunker," he began. "And I know she still feels bad about it, but… they—they still—I mean, I still—I just wish that I could unsee them, you know? 'Cause—'cause, and now with Gwen wanting to go away to England, I just—I can't not see her falling, and I keep thinking, how am I supposed to protect her if she's all the way over there? I mean, not even our Quinjet can get to England that fast, so…"
“Not until the job is finished, Mr Stark,” she’d said.  Which, given Sokovia’s wretched history, would likely be about the twelfth of never.
into the search bar.  A few seconds later, Tony’s heart flutters as the search returns a series of videos, the first one being Steve’s Olympic qualifying race.
They had at least been able to rule out a few places thanks to the scouting raids conducted by Uncle Bucky, Uncle Clint, and Auntie Nat on several HYDRA coastal strongholds throughout Eastern Europe and Russia. Western Europe was more difficult to cover, as it wasn't as easy to slip in and out of those countries even with just the three of them. So far they had been able to rule out the countries along the Mediterranean coastline, but that still left a lot of European ground uncovered, which Director Fury—along with Pepper, since Stark Industries had offices in many of those countries—was trying to help cover using some of his old spy connections.
Giving birth was the worst part. Not because of the pain but because the Stark-Rogers family had a bit of a dilemma. Peter, being the overly overprotective brother he was, had
Peter opened the door to their room and toddled up to Tony who was leaning against Steve, his black undershirt not doing any justice to cover his large bump. He had only one baby inside him but it looked like he was pregnant with twins, even small triplets.
Their five-year-old daughter, Maddie, came out of the elevator behind her dads, wearing skinny jeans and a hoodie. There was a crash, an “ow!” and then footsteps. Peter came flying downstairs crying. He latched himself onto Steve’s leg who bent down and scooped the boy up.
Peter blinked the sleep from his eyes and nodded. He moved his hand to where the baby was kicking and started whispering into his Dad’s skin.
What felt like five hours but was only ten minutes, the pair made their way into their bedroom to find the TV showing a Play-Doh commercial and two knocked out kids. Steve picked both boys up, placing each one on his hip, then carried them into their bedroom. He put each one in his bed, then kissed both their temples, letting Tony do the same thing to them. He turned their light off and closed the door slightly so the dim hall light partially flooded their dark room.
“Man, that’s a wine named after our family if I ever saw it, huh Tony?” Tony smirked, putting a hand on the taller man’s lower back and his other hand his own stomach.
Peter got up and ran as fast as his legs could go, tears streaming down his face. Deafening sobs emitted from him as he banged on the bathroom door. Tony scooped the toddler up, rocking him to and fro gently.
Peter had also been a large baby. Due to Steve’s super soldier serum, Peter (and probably this baby) had superhuman strength.
Both adults knew Peter wouldn’t understand why people would avoid him if he showed off his “cool new ability” (Clint’s words) but they knew that if people did actually alienate him, Peter would become anxious about why.
“It’s okay, Bubba, Papa’s here, okay?” He bounced the boy, peppering him with kisses, hearing his sobs slow down to quiet cries to hiccups to silence. Unlike Peter, Harley had more of an obsession with Tony.
Bubba,” Harley said, claiming Peter as his own by wrapping his arms around Peter. He put his face in the crook of his neck, his breaths warm and soothing. “Yeah, buddy.
After the others finally arrived and everyone was done socializing, they brought out the cake and balloons. Inside the balloons and cake was either pink or blue. Steve popped the balloons, and Tony cut the cake to reveal a brilliant shade of blue.
His sharp little teeth could bite through just about anything so once he was up and walking, he would put anything his little hands could grab onto, into his mouth. The two adults quickly came to realize that anything they didn’t want to end up in pieces, had to be put out of reach from Harley.
Steve, being the artistic one in the family, had used his talent to draw a banner for the gender reveal party that was in a few days. Peter had drawn a portrait of him, Steve and a (
The dirty-blond had stayed put on the floor, too focused on his drawing. Crayon wrappers and colored wax flakes littered the ground around him. His brother and dads made their way back to the floor.
Peter was beyond thrilled to show his baby brother how to breastfeed. “Look at me do it, Harley,” Peter instructed, latching his mouth on Tony’s nipple. Harley was a squirmy baby; full of energy, so he latched onto Tony’s other nipple after watching his big brother do it but had let go too early after he decided he was bored with feeding, letting the white fluid soak into Tony’s pants and shirt. Tony couldn’t help but smile at the two boys.
"Okay, Peter, can you do me a favor and sit here?" Bruce asked the boy. He pointed to an exam table in the lab as he rolled over a microscope.
Tony ran upstairs to see what fell down. He came back down with Harley buried in his chest. Tony brushed a lock of his son’s hair behind his ear. “They were just roughhousing upstairs and took a tumble. Isn’t that right, Harles?” the brunette cooed. He felt his son nod against his chest.
the poor kid out of the doctor’s room, kicking and screaming. “You’re gonna hurt the baby! Pwease don’t hurt the baby!” he sobbed, tears streaming down his bright red cheeks. He had wanted to hold Tony’s hand during the birthing but the doctor wouldn’t let Peter see the process. So both Steve and Peter had to wait outside the room until they were greenlighted to go back in and see Harley.
Peter slowly woke up to Tony shifting his weight due to the baby kicking. “Hi, Bubba, did you have a good nap?” Steve asked Peter, sitting across from them.
“What happened to him?” Steve asked, pulling a chair over to where Peter was. He climbed up onto the chair and plucked Peter down from the ceiling.
Steve was mentally freaking out. His son was a spider. A spider. Don't get him wrong, Steve was fully aware that his son was still human, just with spider-like powers.
Urged to wipe Steve’s touch away from Tony, Bucky bent him over the kitchen table to take him as soon as Steve left. Reason flew from Bucky’s mind as he hit every spot he knew would drive Tony crazy, causing shrieked moans to be released from the man.  His craving to reinforce to Tony he belonged to him had Bucky driving harder than he ever had into the man. Bucky was purposefully rougher than needed, wanting to ensure Tony would feel him long after they were finished.
Bucky grabbed Tony’s legs beneath his knees again as he started a slow back and forth slide, bouncing Tony softly in his lap before increasing his pace. Tony’s arms came up to grip Bucky’s biceps when his thrust centered on Tony’s prostate, striking lightning bolts of pleasure through him almost painfully. Tony’s breath was in coming harsh, rapid pants around his moaned words increasing in volume with each stroke. “Oh God, Oh God, Oh god, Bucky… Uhhh, I’m gonna, yes, please… Ahh God, Don’t stop, don’t stop, Ahhh… Right there, don’t stop, right there… fuck, yes, yes, uhhh, yes.”
Sex with Steve that night had been the best they’d ever had. Tony was still a little revved up from earlier and attacked his boyfriend as soon as they walked into the room. Tony nearly ripped of Steve’s pants in his rush to swallow the other man’s cock. He was so into the blow job that Tony didn’t notice Steve’s telltale nearing orgasm signs coming much sooner than expected and was surprised when he came in less than 5 minutes. Once done he pretty much collapsed on the bed shell-shocked with the intensity, leaving Tony to prep himself.
Since the beginning, Tony had successfully made sure all of his and Steve’s interactions were limited and only with others there as well. This was easy enough being that they were all pretty busy, Steve and Tony more than the others, and usually only congregated to do things like movie night. It wasn’t until Tony went through his first noisy period with the team there his record was unfortunately broken. While they usually came at least once a month, fueling a week of creative binges, Tony didn’t realize how much his constant contact with dominants would affected him. It was nearly 3 months after the team moved in officially that Tony even noticed he hadn’t had a noisy spell in months, and it would be another 6 before they started again.
He shifted his thrust inside Tony, aiming them to hammer against Tony’s prostate just the way he liked. “Now that we’re agreed, get comfortable, you’re gonna be there till your boyfriend passes out from coming over and over on my dick.”
On the fourth day after Steve had become his Dominant, Tony had reached the apex of his frustration and was ready to get help.
Steve was now rock hard again in record time visualizing the dirty things spilling out of Bucky’s mouth. He began stroking his dick and felt a tremor rake through his body as Tony moaned out his approval as well. “You’d like that to wouldn’t you Stevie? You’d love seein’ me fuck Tony for hours, whenever I wanted, coming in him over and over.” Steve’s hand began to move faster along his hardness, moaning at Bucky’s question to him. “Stop touching yourself Stevie.” Steve shuddered as he gripped himself tightly before removing his hand. Opening his eyes to look at Bucky, he saw the other man’s gaze on him. “I asked you a question, answer it and I may let you come again.” Steve’s hands gripped the sheets beside him as he groaned out yes with a nod.
All three men sat in the living room talking through the things that may be hindering Tony from achieving an orgasm. Steve sat next to Tony on the sofa facing away from Bucky, who was sitting in the sofa chair in Tony’s direct line of site closest to Steve. Grasping Tony’s hand Steve said, “I know this may not be the most conventional way of doing things but I think Bucky can really help us.”  Bucky widened his legs so Tony could see his hard on against his thigh through the thin fabric of his track pants. He watched Tony’s face grow flushed with his eyes on Bucky’s hand. His gaze followed the movement of Bucky slowly stroking the length of it while Steve pleaded with him holding both Tony’s hands in his own.
Head cocking to the side for a second as he took Tony in, Steve looked as if he’d finally unraveled the last piece of a mystery. He leaned down into Tony’s space, hands bracing his weight on the table behind Tony. Though light in wrapping around his upper arms, they were firmly holding them in place. He really hoped the Dom didn’t feel the small shiver of arousal that raced through him at the action.
“Tony… What are you…?” Bucky trailed off saying as he began to move his hand again. “I’m sorry Tony… been trying so hard… Now here you are.... Just to fucking beautiful.” Tony was finally able to get his body to respond in self-preservation. His knees went weak and he had to grasp the door handle to stay standing. Heat coursed through his body as all his blood rushed to harden Tony further. “God baby, I need you… I can’t fight wanting you anymore.”
Steve’s tone was unyielding and completely firm, telling Tony he meant every word he said. “I can and will when they touch things that don’t belong to them.”
Though his erection had flagged after the other two had come, Tony began to get hard again as Steve kissed beneath his ear and rubbed the towel gently between his legs. When Steve’s arm brushed against it and Tony moaned softly, Steve looked down and noticed he hadn’t come. When a look of guilt rushed across Steve’s face, Tony quickly shushed him before he could say anything. “It’s alright Steve, seeing you lose yourself was more than enough for me. Besides,” Tony shrugged giving him a small smile, “It’s your birthday so tonight should be all about you.”
“Jesus Christ Tony...” Steve fired back as a hand rose to cover his face. He shook his head in exasperation while Clint and Nat had completely stopped what they were doing to stare at him. Finally uncovering his face to see why everyone had gone quiet, Steve looked at the pair in confusion asking, “What?”
Steve looked confused for a moment before comprehension dawned on his face, bringing a look of sadness along with it. “Because I made you feel like you didn’t.”
When he made his way to the bed, he made sure to focus completely on Tony, blocking out where Steve sat on watching. Bucky had started out by licking the smaller man open, consuming every drop of cum Steve had poured into him. As Tony’s cries had begun to crescendo louder throughout the room begging for release, Bucky finally gave him mild relief as his fingers joined his tongue. He prepped Tony the way Steve should have but had been too turned on at the thought of him watching. Bucky had seen the rush Steve had taken and knew Tony would spend most if not all the time Steve was inside him getting used to the intrusion instead of enjoying it.
Steve chuckled quietly. “You should have thought of that before you decided to drink the entire bar. Had you listened to Nat you wouldn’t have a hangover.” Hands grazing delicately over Tony’s face he said, “She’s pissed at you by the way, open up.”
Smiling Bucky slapped Tony’s ass making the other two men jump. “Don’t worry sugar, I’ll work your ass good and hard in just a second.” Bucky leaned Tony down a little, his hands going to Steve’s chest so he could hold the diagonally seated position. Resting his back on Steve’s bent legs, Bucky’s hand went to grip the plump globes in front of him looking to Steve, who lye slightly propped up on a pillow. Bucky heard Tony’s breathe catch when he slid a thumb inside his sweats testing to see if the man had prepared himself like he instructed. Grinning when he felt Tony’s slick entrance, he focused his gaze on Steve.
Bucky smirked arrogantly as he turned to Tony and leaned against the door frame. “No you don’t, you just wish you did. If you hate anyone it’s yourself sugar, for loving me in spite of it all.” Bucky’s gaze grew serious momentarily as just before walking away he said, “For what it’s worth I love you just as much sweetheart, and I’ve never given those words to anyone. Ask Steve if you don’t believe me, and about the fact that I’ve never been with anyone longer than 3 months.”
Subs due to their constant need for approval and their startling tempers when they didn’t get their way. The higher your level, the harder it was for Dom’s to exert control or put you into Subspace. Most Subs at this level liked being independent, only subservient or respectful to their Dom and maybe a handful of others that gained their admiration.
Tony began stroking his cock at yesterday’s indiscretion, as well as Bucky’s continued honesty to him and only him. Although he doubted the man at first, he could honestly say he believed Bucky now when the soldier said he loved him. Tony shuddered as the plug inside him roared to life and moaned as he saw the door open. Smirking Bucky made his way into the room. He watched under a hooded gaze as Bucky kneeled at the edge of the bed and began a seductive crawl up the bed towards him. “Somehow when Stevie told me you’d be working in your lab all night, I knew exactly where you’d actually be.”
“One on one?” Steve asked, turning to give Bucky a questioning look. “You don’t want to talk to us together?”
It didn’t take the Dominant nearly as much time to secure Tony’s hands to the bed as he lay on his back. Pulling the last tie tight, he asked softly, “What’s your safeword sweetheart?”
Tony was floored at Bucky’s maniacal genius, especially at hearing Steve say, “That’s a good idea, Tony’s never been shy and that way you can still do what you need to.”
Steve muttered under his breath with a groan before replying back. “I’m almost positive I’ll be sorry if I ask but… What the hell are you talking about?”
Bucky didn’t know what to say to Steve when he found him sketching on their living room couch the next morning. He’d woken up in bed alone before everything that transpired began coming to his remembrance. He then found himself quickly getting up to get dressed and find Steve to…
The first time Tony came up from his lab to find Bucky fucking Steve slowly over the couch, he wasn’t sure how to feel. Steve barely noticed Tony’s entrance as he was impaled gradually. Tony ended up giving both men a kiss as he walked by, pretending he had just come up for coffee. Tony stayed down in his lab until well into the night before Bucky came down looking for him.
When Steve first brought Bucky to the compound after finding him, he was grateful to have his friend back close to him. The team was wary at first not knowing Bucky’s state of mind but soon grew to embrace him as well. He enjoyed verbally sparring with Clint, talking to Natasha about Russia, pranking Steve with Sam, and taking Wanda under his wing helping to control her powers. After a month they started inviting Bucky to the weekly movie night. He usually sat with Steve, when he was there, throwing popcorn at Clint when the moving was boring or giving quiet commentary to Steve when it was one he liked.
“Not the fucking time, Steven Grant. Our son is climbing on the fucking wall. How does that even happen?!” Tony asked, throwing his arms up in the air in a dramatic manner.
“You’re hungry? Well, I can take care of that,” Tony said, scooping the boy closer to him. He lifted his shirt up and massaged and kneaded at his right pectoral until dots of milk came out.
Harley burst into tears when Tony handed him to Peter. He was a very clingy baby when it came to the man who gave him life. Peter
Peter, much to Harley’s disappointment, got to the remote first. He turned the TV on and brought up Paw Patrol. “I don’t wanna watch this show! It’s for babies!” Harley tried to swipe the remote from his brother.
Tony’s voice was soft. When his husband was like this, it could very much go in two different directions: good or bad. Steve rarely got angry but when he did get angry, it was scary. The room would be so quiet that you could hear a pin drop on the floor and its echo. “Stevie? Bruce found the solution to Peter.”
his heart when Harley collapsed into a ball and broke down in tears. His big brown eyes blew up, tears welling in his eyes.
“Daddy, I wan’ hang them up on the refigurator!” Peter exclaimed, taking the drawing out of Tony’s hands and running over to the fridge. He grabbed a magnet and stuck the drawing up.
Tony gave Steve a dirty look. “The boys need to go to sleep, Steve! They can’t stay up until ten thirty watching Paw Patrol! They need to have a healthy sleep schedule!”
with pride. When Steve asked why they pulled out matching chains with engagement rings on them. Bucky’s dog tags clinked against the gold ring, as they fell back into place. Steve hugged his best friend, feeling tears form in his eyes.
"Papa, let me go! I wan' keep climbing!" Peter said, struggling to remove himself from Steve’s grip.
When Peter was first learning how to speak, Tony had found out he was pregnant. Peter couldn’t pronounce the word ‘brother’ and it came out as ‘Bubba’ which both parents found absolutely adorable.
) pregnant Tony (to the point where he had more belly than body). Tony drew a cabin in the woods, with a yellow sun in the corner of the paper, smiling down on the trees.
“Daddy, hungwee,” Peter said through his thumb. He had been sucking on it due to the anxiety of the gender reveal party. They hadn’t told Peter if he was going to get a brother or a sister, they just told him that he was going to be a big brother.
Harley looked up at her, gave her a quick smile and then continued (inaccurately) coloring in Spider-Man. Despite having Steve’s talent for art, Harley colored like a toddler; the colors were streaky and patchy and the colors jumped out of the lines.
episode. But you have to promise that you will go to bed right after it ends, no questions asked. Got it?”
Peter wrote the names above each figure, his ‘p’s backward so it spelled out ‘qeter,’ ‘qaqa,’ and Tony. Tony sighed and tossed the crayon onto the table, brushing off the other crayons that had rolled onto his paper. He picked it up and turned it around to show his husband and son.
Harley shook his head and clambered down from Steve’s lap, running back upstairs. He burst into their bedroom and ran into the bathroom, running into Tony who was brushing his teeth. “Daddy!” he shouted as if Tony was standing on the opposite side of the house. Tony closed his mouth around his toothbrush so it was hanging from his lips and clamped a hand on Harley’s mouth.
let Steve play with Harley when he was away at school. Harley was an unintentionally destructive kid. If and when he got left alone, Harley would break
“Shit, he’s probably overworked himself in the gym again. JARVIS, why didn’t you tell me?” Tony asked, fully awake from panic. He hated when Steve overworked himself in the gym. Steve didn’t realize when his body had had enough because when he was stressed, Steve didn’t listen to his body screaming for him to stop working out. He jumped off the couch and ran down the stairs, two at a time to the gym. He stood in the doorway, watching Steve’s muscles flex as he pounded the punching bag.
Over the course of a few months, Harley learned to realize (with the help of his Bubba) that he did have to take into consideration that he had the strength of five full-grown men and the mindset of a three-year-old.
“It’s a little of both. I’m trying to help Tony design something for Stark Industries. Well, more like Pepper because she’s now the CEO as of last week but either way: I’m helping Stark Industries.”
Steve's heart broke at the sight of his son crying. He pressed a kiss to the boy’s forehead. "It's okay, Bubba. We just have to figure out why you're like how you are."
“You’re okay, big Bubba’s here,” he said, his voice soft. The baby’s kicking slowed to a stop. Tony looked down at Peter then locked eyes with Steve. Brown met blue, and they both smiled.
On multiple occasions, Tony had to order new keys for many of his cars due to Harley biting them into bits and pieces. But they couldn’t get mad at him. He was a toddler; it’s what they do. When he had
It started as a normal day. A cool Saturday morning, high of 56 and not a cloud in the sky. Steve woke up to the soft beeping of his alarm clock, the red lines that formed blocky numbers read 5:30. He hit the snooze button and quietly slipped out of bed as to not disturb his sleeping partner, threw a hoodie on over his bare torso. He slipped his sneakers on and headed outside, going for his daily run.
“It’s part of the show! She’s pink in the show!” Peter screeched. He got up, threw his crayons at Harley and ran away, crying. “I like it, Harley,” Maddie said, tucking her hair behind her ear. She smiled at him and then went back to coloring Simba and Nala.
Peter, Harley, and Steve were drawing, Peter’s “drawings” was more just scribbles and lines because he was four and didn’t know how to properly draw yet. Tony was reading up on something NASA was doing in the near future. He had tried to explain it to Steve but it was no use; it was like he was speaking a foreign language to the man. Harley was drawing a family portrait, which was impressively detailed for a six-year-old.
over to the bathroom, Peter scrambling off the bed to follow him. “Peter, I have to pee, I will be right back, buddy, okay?”
“Hey,” he breathed, kissing Tony on the lips. Their moment was interrupted by Harley wedging himself in between the couple. “Papa, tell Daddy that you said that I can stay up an’ watch my show!”
Steve had worked up quite a good sweat in the past hour. He stopped and turned to Tony. “Well? What is it?” impatience edged his voice.
Tony would ask Steve to watch Harley but, Tony lacked the ability to cook (except pasta, toast and other basic foods), and so Steve was the only one who could cook.
Both Steve and Tony had both been stressed out about why their three-year-old kid was able to climb walls and shoot webs. Whenever Steve got stressed, he would go to the gym. He would go down to the basement for hours on end, letting only the sound of the workout equipment fill the void of silence.
“Hmm?” Tony asked, sleepiness thick in his voice. He moved the book from his lap to the coffee table, dog-ear folding the page he was on. “Where’s Steve? I found out why Peter is… the way he is,” he said awkwardly.
Tony was usually a calm person for the most part, but the baby had been stressing him out. He’d been kicking his vital organs, causing the poor man pain until all hours of the night, making him moan and groan with pain.
“Whatcha workin’ on here, Stevie? A new art piece or something fashion-y?” Bucky asked, flipping through a college-ruled notebook full of atomically accurate drawings of people with little blurbs about what they were wearing and which celebrities body parts most resembled them with swatches of colors littering the edges.
Tony gave Steve a dirty look. “Harles, it’s nine forty-five. It’s already past your bedtime by fifteen minutes. Aren’t you the least bit tired?” Harley shook his head. “No,” he declared. “I’m gon’ stay up for the next hundred years!”
The next to arrive was Vis, Wanda, Clint, and Pietro. They hauled in bottles of wine and trays of catered food that contained an arrangement of crackers, cheese, grapes, and vegetables.
. Whether it was a lamp, a table, a chair, a toy or one time he even managed to break an Iron Man suit (how he did that was
Peter shook his head, his brown hair flying everywhere. "No, Daddy. I'm sowwy," he mumbled around his thumb.
Tony attempted to scoop him from behind by the armpits but Harley was firmly planted on the ground. “Daddy! No! I don’ need a nap! I’m a big boy!” he whined. He tried to squirm out of Tony’s grip but it was no use; the man had an iron grip (no pun intended). The brown-haired pulled on the boy harder, stretching his torso so he was sitting upright, leaving his arms fully extended.
Peter let a small smile appear on his face. “Bubba?” his brother said, breaking Peter’s attention. “I lub you.” Peter let a full-on smile appear on his face. “I ‘lub’ my little Bubba too.”
The night was capped off by Maddie falling sound asleep on the white leather couch. Clint and Bucky quietly crept out of the house, Maddie in Clint’s arms, a wet spot forming on his shirt due to his daughter’s open mouth.
Peter stood up from the couch and lazily jogged over to the kitchen where Steve was stirring a pot of chicken noodle soup and Tony was standing beside him, swaying gently with Harley in his arms. “Can you take care of your brother while I go take a quick shower?”
“Papa!” Steve looked up from his notebook. He looked down at his drawing of Peter, deciding whether or not it was proportionate and then put the book down on the kitchen counter.
“It’s supp’sed  t’ be red n’ blue!” Peter whined, standing up and pointing an accused finger at his brother. “You’re making him yewwow, pink n’ gween!”
It really only became a hazard when the four of them went out in public. They would go to the park that was a few blocks away from the Tower. Steve and Tony would let Peter and Harley run off and play with the other kids in the neighborhood only to find out that their son had accidentally uprooted a small tree or thrown a ball into another neighborhood.
“I’m sowwy, Daddy,” the golden-brown haired toddler sobbed. Like his older brother, he hated to get yelled at even if it was for the smallest reason. Peter burst into the room with a pillow, hitting Tony with it.
because Peter and Harley both definitely have AD/H/D (one or the other) (and you can’t change my mind) so they would constantly be switching back and forth from breast to breast.
As the boys got older and Harley was becoming his own person, it was becoming difficult for his three peers to force him to do things.
He was (roughly) six and a half months along with a baby boy. Steve thought for sure it’d be a girl because father’s intuition but Tony was for sure it was a boy because of mother’s intuition. Steve, Peter, and Tony were all thrilled to have another baby in their lives. Peter wouldn’t stop obsessing with Tony’s belly and the baby.
After Peter decided he was bored with drawing, he stood up and threw a handful of crayons at his brother. Harley retaliated, throwing crayons back then the younger boy.
“It’s okay, Bubba, you’re okay. Look, it’s Uncle Bucky and Uncle Clint!” Steve said, distracting the toddler. Peter gave a half-assed wave which was more of a floppy hand but despite what it was, he received two waves back.
Steve went jogged up the stairs, two at a time. He stripped off his hoodie, sweatpants, and boxers then slipped into the shower, the steaming hot water dripping down his body. He shampooed and conditioned his hair then he heard something fall and Tony yelp.
“Holy cow, this kid is strong,” Tony groaned as he felt a kick. He clutched his swollen stomach as he felt another one.
He went to the top of the stairs and called down to his husband. “Stevie? You coming to bed?” The brunette saw the light turn off, turning the downstairs pitch black. Steve emerged from the blackness into the dim light upstairs.
His milk-filled swollen pecs were constantly being used by both Peter and Harley. When the kids were finally asleep, Steve would lick Tony up and down making the brown-haired moan to high heaven. Tony would
The elevator dinged, revealing Clint and Bucky. In Bucky’s metal arm, was a bottle of wine. Holding it by the neck of the bottle, he handed it to Steve.
an episode,” Tony muttered, turning to the sink and rinsing his mouth. He wiped his face off with the towel that was hung over his shoulder. “But can I, Daddy? Please? I’ve been good!” Harley whined. Tony sighed, ignoring his son.
“It’s okay, big Bubba is here, Harles,” he softly cooed into his brother’s hair. He felt his brother’s grip tighten around his neck, no sign of letting go anytime soon. Harley’s crying slowed down to quiet fits and gasps and then to a full stop. He made grabby hands toward Peter’s slightly too-large hoodie, pulling on it to bring him closer.
Thankfully, the name of the rather goofy-looking pair of wire-rimmed glasses didn't translate to what they induced, or Peter might’ve had to beg off watching Papa’s experiment.  Instead, the glasses relied on a complex holographic system that connected with the user’s hippocampus, allowing the system to locate a certain traumatic memory and alter it before projecting the memory onto an external infrastructure.  Through the altered projection, the wearer would hopefully be able to re-experience the memory just differently enough to make it less traumatic.
Setting his phone down onto his desk, Tony stared at it for at least three minutes before he felt like moving again.  It really was amazing, for lack of a better word, how he had only met Steve not even three months ago, and yet he somehow seemed to know and understand Tony better than someone who had known him his entire life.
Peter huffed, the effect of his attempted glare lessened by the fact that his eyes were bruised and bloodshot and both of his cheeks were scratched and bleeding. He looked like he could sleep for a week, and most likely would once he got cleaned up and ate something.
“All right, buddy.  I’m sure you’ve gotta be hungry, yeah?” Tony asked.  “So how ‘bout we get going.”
"I'll stop by and check on him tomorrow afternoon," said Dr Cho as she and Uncle Bruce got up to leave.
Finally, when their bodies were sufficiently relaxed and the water had started to cool, they towelled off and got dressed to head over to the school.  Tony was relieved to see when they arrived that thanks to Happy’s diligence with his security forces, the school grounds were completely free of reporters and cameras.
Rhodey asked. A second later, about a hundred guns slid into position on the ventral half of the ship and began firing shimmering blue bursts of energy onto the battlefield. Screams immediately erupted as T'Challa, Valkyrie, and Steve all ordered their teams to find cover, while rage and fear surged through Tony's veins, just as blue-hot as the energy blasts peppering the battlefield.
Then again, why would someone like Rogers be looking at Tony? It's not like a top-notch, recruiting-poster boy pilot like him would ever be interested in a civilian single father like Tony.
Raking his fingers through his sweat-dampened hair, Steve carefully laid back down next to Tony, draping his arm across his husband's waist and tucking himself up behind him. Then he buried his nose into the nape of Tony's neck, struggling to keep his roiling emotions in check. While it wasn't unheard of for Steve to occasionally revisit his flight on the
"Which is why I said you should make it one millimetre thicker," added Grandpa. "This'll only work if the vessel is thicker, otherwise it's too high a risk."
Gwen's question seemed to snap the guy back to reality, and he frowned as he reached for the big popcorn bucket sitting on the counter.
“Yeah, sure.”  Tony idly sipped his coffee as JARVIS went to work decrypting the file, trying like hell to not think about what Steve might be doing at that moment.
"He's already on his way, Tony," Sam replied. He quickly wrapped the blanket around Peter, mindful of his likely broken hands as he gathered him into his arms. "Bruce's already got a therapeutic bath running for Peter and Nat's coordinating the lockdown."
"No!" Tony cut in, shaking his head. He looked towards their bedroom door, calling Peter's name. "Pete! Oh God, Pete, are you okay? Pete—!"
"That's it!" Quill said as Dad landed next to Thanos, looking up as Dr Strange raised his arms towards the sky and opened another portal, allowing Mantis to drop right onto Thanos' shoulders.
Tony gave a frustrated shrug. "I don't know. I've thought about it, since it's pretty much a souped-up version of the same stuff they gave Pete, but most of Pete's dreams were self-inserts into things that had already happened, not things that might happen."
"You know that the current continental power modules only have about five years left before they stop working, right? And that's only as long as they're able to keep up with the palladium mining requirements, which isn't exactly a given, so—"
"Until you got caught," said Steve. "Unfortunately, I think that's the case for most thieves, isn't it? You think you've gotten away with something right up until you get caught?"
Or, maybe he had left the bus, joined in the fight, and been beamed up to the ship, but then Tony had safely returned him to the Tower and the watchful eyes of George Stacy, allowing Tony to fly to Wakanda along with the rest of the team to help protect the Soul Stone.
At least a full minute had passed by the time Obie cleared his throat, his hand gripping the top of his chair so tightly Tony could see indents in the rich burgundy leather.
"Why not, Dad?" the middle boy piped up from across the table. "Captain America is pretty cool, we even learned about him at school!"
of a pair of hard-soled shoes on the floor. Peter froze, gasping as Gwen suddenly came into view, her green eyes going briefly wide before narrowing again.
"Yes, he's completely fine," Steve assured him. "His burns weren't nearly as bad as yours, Shuri said they were just like a second-degree sunburn. He was healed up in a few hours."
"Ahh, yeah," Tony said after a short pause. "Um… something like that." Finally locating the goggles he was looking for, he exited the ship and began surveying the damage to the engine.
"Oh, come on, Tony," Natasha said, rather cheekily. "I know you've been to bigger parties than that."
"As you were," Phillips announced with a rather impatient wave of his hand. As soon as everyone was seated again he stepped forward, his hands clasped together in front of him as he scanned across the assembled group of pilots.
not personally invested in the idea of forcing a superpowered kid to fight against his own father, unfortunately I can't really say the same for the rest of my colleagues, so… it's probably best that we don't tempt them, don't you think?"
"Yes, yes," Steve said as he broke away from Tony's mouth. A low growl rumbled up from his chest as he cupped his hands under Tony's ass, squeezing it as he carried him over to their bed, laying him down before crawling up to hover over him. Tony gulped as he looked deep into Steve's blown-black eyes, filled with such tenderness and adoration that his breath caught in his throat.
Tony breathed in against Steve's neck, trying to contain himself before poking his head back up to find Peter removing his headphones, a huge smile on his face.
Slamming his gaping jaw closed, Steve's mind immediately flew into its rapid-planning mode that he had perfected during the war, cataloguing data and formulating theories as he attempted to come up with all of the possible explanations for where Dr Strange had just transported himself from, and, more importantly, why he was no longer in possession of the Time Stone.
Steve’s jaw twitched as he looked down at their joined hands, his gorgeous blue eyes clearer than they had been in weeks.
"So you seriously can't tell us anything more about what happened?" Ned asked Peter through a mouthful of hamburger. "I mean, if it was big enough to take down most of the government then you have to know
"Yes, sir," Rhodey said, his hands shaking as he reached for a spare headset. Tony knew he had to be worried sick for Carol, who still had about fifteen seconds left on her radio blackout.
"Please, sweetheart," he said, his voice trembling. "Please, don't do that. Not now, not while—" He broke off, cupping Tony's cheeks in his hands. "It won't help anything, and right now we need to focus, okay? We need to focus on what we can do to keep this from happening again. On what
Which just happened to be the same thing that he had told Peter as well, but like Sam liked to say, sometimes Peter needed to hear things from someone other than his dads for it to completely sink in.
“Honestly, Cap, I don't know at this point,” Tony says with a frown.  “But I can’t imagine that Strucker would just take off without the thing either, so if I had to guess, I’d say that Strucker probably took off as soon as the alarm went off.
Gwen opened her mouth as if to protest again, but then snapped it closed as Dad lifted Peter into his arms, carrying him towards the medical Suburban driven by Uncle Bruce that had just pulled up to the curb.
"Oh, that sounds awesome!" Ned exclaimed, with so much enthusiasm that Betty jerked backwards. "I love Clue!"
The sound of the two armies colliding could only be described as epic. Steve ducked down behind his shield as he drew back his right fist, landing it square in the jaw of one of the Chitauri warriors and sending him flying. Next to him, the Wakandan warrior M'Baku let out a booming war cry as he leapt from the ground, managing to catch one of the Chitauri speeders as it attempted to fly overhead, its driver crashing to the ground with a sickening
"Yeah, don't I know it," Tony muttered. He was already six years old by the time his own defect was corrected, and that had been only because there wasn't a surgeon available in Langara who was trained in the correct technique until then.
“Thanks for doing this, Buck,” he murmured as he clapped his friend on the back.  “I know it’s not easy for you.”
"If I may cut in, Captain Rogers, I believe I have some information pertaining to current discussion that would be of interest," JARVIS said suddenly. "It is regarding Mr Beck's off-site server."
"Babe," Tony said gently, brushing his fingers across Steve's lips. His chest was heaving, and there were beads of sweat sprinkled around his hairline. He had been just as nervous as Steve, but as usual had been trying to hide it. "Honey, let's not worry about that now, yeah? It's four in the morning. We gotta take Pete to school in a few hours."
"Yeah, 'cept he's not my friend," Tony stated. "Saving his life is more of a professional courtesy."
Tony snorts, his chin dropping to his chest as he shakes his head.  “Jesus, Cap, you sure do have an interesting way of propositioning a guy, you know that?”
He'd been doing that a lot in the hours since he'd landed, dazed and confused and half mad from thirst and cold, frantic to see his two beloved boys. Aside from the fact that he simply enjoyed seeing his own creation adorning his boyfriend's—
Steve has had no business leading the Avengers on these raids.  Not when the need for them compromises him so badly.
"Well, they've got twice the amount of trouble than Dad and I do," Steve said. "But Uncle Clint and Auntie Nat are definitely excellent surrogate parents. Nat told me yesterday that she got a call from one of Wanda's teachers, telling her how well she seemed to be fitting in with her class." Steve didn't add that hearing that news had brightened his entire day. After being held captive for months in the same HYDRA prison as Steve, he'd had some serious concerns that the twins would be able to easily rejoin society. He'd been especially concerned about Wanda, since she had been forced to participate in Steve's torture and had directly witnessed the death of her father at HYDRA's hands. She had even forced Peter to see some pretty horrible things after he infiltrated the prison, visions that still sometimes haunted him while he slept.
Peter pursed his lips. "Uh huh." It wasn't that he was scared that Steve would refuse to carry out the mission once he found out. From what he and Steve had talked about during his visits it didn't seem like Steve wanted the war to continue on forever or anything, and especially now that he had Dad. But since what Peter and Dad were proposing was technically illegal, it was going to place a whole lot of pressure on Steve and his two teammates—and everyone who'd be taking care of things on the ground too—to get the job done before anyone high in the government figured out what was going on.
And yet, ever since Steve saw Bucky standing there on that bridge in D.C. and realised that he was the elusive Winter Soldier they'd been searching for, Tony has stood by Steve’s side, promising to give him whatever help he needed to find him.  Tony was there when the helicarriers came rising out from beneath the Potomac River and began their ascent.  He was there, duking it out with the HYDRA agents as they fought to replace the carrier control chips so millions of innocent people didn’t lose their lives.
It wasn’t the chilly type of cold that Steve was familiar with, like the autumn weather in New York or the training gym at SHIELD’s headquarters in D.C.  The kind of cold that a sweatshirt or jacket or a cuddle up with Tony under a blanket would alleviate.  It wasn’t even the type that used to seep through the thin walls of his and ma’s house during the bitter Brooklyn winters, burrowing right through his multiple layers of patched clothing and ragtag bed coverings.
Because not only had Howard’s obsession with Steve destroyed his entire family, it was now also attempting to destroy the very root of his obsession.
"In that case, would you prefer that I construct Master Peter's equipment in the lab at the Compound, sir, seeing as that is the location where it will be used?" JARVIS asked.
"Please, don't be sorry," Steve said. He tucked Tony's head under his chin, rubbing soothing circles on his back. "There's no need to be sorry."
"I think that's a good choice, Your Highness," said Steve. Creating a bottleneck would help to slow the enemy's advance, giving the team more time to pick them off.
But Papa was cut off by another repulsor shot, followed a second later by the sound of a hard impact, like he'd been slammed against the floor or a wall.
Ned quirked an eyebrow. "Yeah, she is, Peter. I've never seen her cheeks turn that pinky colour when she hangs around anyone else, so yeah, she is!"
"Sir, the intense heat from the fires has sealed the canopy shut!" shouted one of the emergency team members. He tugged on Steve's arm, attempting to pull him away. "We need you to step back, we're waiting on the salvage equipment now!"
"Yeah, I kinda got that," Tony whispered. "And I know that you visiting him has really helped keep his spirits up since he's been in the hospital, so—"
And he definitely still enjoyed being cuddled to sleep, sandwiched between his dads and listening to their distinctive heartbeats as they lulled him to sleep. It was something he hoped to never outgrow.
Uncle Bucky raised his eyebrows, shifting slightly on the chair. "That's a pretty straightforward way of lookin' at it, don't you think?"
"Yeah, there is." He lifted his head, staring up into Steve's ocean blue eyes. "If it were just me I'd've already told JARVIS to start building them, but since it's not… I need to know if you're okay with this, babe. I mean, it's basically a really, really souped-up version of a home security system, which wouldn't normally raise any red flags anywhere, but—"
“Okay, honey, it’s okay.  We’re gonna get through this,” Dad said as he stroked Papa’s hair.  “Pete?  JARVIS?  How’re we looking over there?”
Which meant that Tony needed to find a way to make sure there wasn't a next time, and he needed to do it as soon as possible, while the odds were still tipped in their favour. Because while he knew that Toomes' arrest would buy them a small amount of good will, the Avengers were still on the shit list of a vast majority of the newly elected politicians, and Tony had a strong feeling that they were looking for any possible excuse to go after them.
As soon as Rhodey stepped away Steve offered Tony his arm, leading him towards the exit doors. They were only a few steps away when Tony heard a laugh, a high-pitched, screeching laugh that was so vaguely familiar that he whipped around, tugging Steve with him as his eyes focused in on the far corner of the hallway, where a man dressed in an expensive, custom-made suit was speaking to Senator Davis and another man who appeared to be an Army general.
"Hey, Uncle Thor," Peter said. He rolled his shoulders as Uncle Thor released him, trying not to stare too long at the eyepatch covering his left eye. "I heard that you had some trouble with your sister?"
"Based on how quickly his broken bones have healed in the past, I'd say about two to three days at the most," answered Dr Cho. "I'm not detecting any further signs of atelectasis either, so I'm going to assume that the puncture in his right lung has already sealed itself off." She paused, her eyes sweeping across Steve. "Or, if you like, I can order another chest x-ray, just to be certain, but—"
Tony nodded as he stepped back, allowing Steve to take his turn. His throat tightened as he heard the two of them softly whispering, with Steve reassuring Peter several times that he would make sure Tony was okay.
"All right then, little guy, headphones on," Steve said to Peter, placing a hand on his shoulder. As soon as the headphones were in place Steve turned to Tony, giving him a reassuring nod.
Peter had meant his statement to be funny, but the frank words still hit Steve like a missile to the chest, something that didn't escape Peter's notice.
"JARVIS, do you know where my phone is?" he asked as he grabbed one of the blankets on his bed, giving it a hard shake. He cringed as his phone suddenly shot out from somewhere deep within the blanket's depths, aiming directly for the wall.
"No, Captain. Sorry," said Tony. He sucked in a deep breath, shuffling through his papers for the go/no-go sequences. He'd have to think more about that stuff later; at the moment he needed to concentrate.
"And this isn't just another weekend training session or a fight against some HYDRA fire-zombie," Tony continued. "We're on a ship, Pete! One that's heading for who-knows-where! This could very well be a one-way ticket, and neither Papa nor I would've wanted this for you!"
"Yeah, and something tells me that HYDRA doesn't exactly allow their scientists to resign," said Steve.
The boat took off with a burst of speed, strong enough to pull both Steve and Peter up onto their skis in only a few seconds. Tony sighed happily as he glanced in the rearview mirror and saw the huge smile lighting up Peter's face. Like Steve, Peter had been having a pretty tough time with nightmares and flashbacks over the summer—and really, who could blame him?—so seeing him so obviously enjoying himself gave Tony at least some measure of peace that he would somehow be okay.
"If I have to," Papa said. "But I still don't—" He paused, shaking his head. "I'm not quite sure what's real and what's not anymore."
"Afternoon, JARVIS," Tony said as he grabbed Peter's satellite diagram and leaned back in his chair, tapping his chin. He was so tempted to just forget the whole thing. To just go forward with his original idea for the weapons system and hope that maybe someday down the line they could convince General O'Brien to see reason.
"And Peter would know that too, Mr Stark, which is the main reason why I think he chose to go by himself," she said. "If what Dr Banner said is true, then it's possible that Peter saw exactly what he'd be facing and decided that it would be safer for him to go alone. You know, kinda like how the Rebel X-wing fighters were able to get past the powerful defences on the Death Star? The Empire didn't think they were a threat because they were small."
Steve frowned. He'd been hoping that Tony hadn't noticed his own burns, which had been quite a bit more severe than Peter's but still nowhere near Tony's.
Tony tilted his head, eyeing him fondly. "You really are a mother hen, you know that? Were you like this in the Army too?"
"It's not up to you to understand, Captain, just to answer the questions," Davis snapped. "Now then, in the interests of time I'll forgo some of my more involved questions, but suffice it to say that you were then placed in the Stark home to act as a sort of bodyguard, is that correct?"
Steve let out a sigh, rubbing at the back of his neck as the names just kept on coming, scrolling across the screen with inputiny. So far JARVIS had identified over three hundred Stark Industries and SHIELD employees that had been snapped, and while Steve had so far managed to keep up with sending condolence letters to their surviving family members, he could no longer deny that the strain was starting to wear on him. He had practically no appetite, only eating when he felt too weak to continue working, and had been keeping himself awake with way,
He'd wait until they got back from their vacation to bring it up. No sense in him trying to push things while everyone was still extra twitchy.
"From what I've seen, I can agree with you," said Grandma. "And to be honest, that's not all that easy for me to say. I'm not proud of it, but I've spent the last twenty-eight or so years blaming Howard Stark for what happened to my husband."
I can’t wait to see what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment!  💖
"Yeah, you two seem to do that a lot," said Dad, smirking. "And what exactly were you talking about this time?"
"But then he told me that he liked to draw, so…" Steve's arms flopped to his sides, his bottom lip caught between his teeth. "It'd been a pretty long time since anyone had been impressed with the fact that I can draw, and I—well… I guess I liked it. And he's just so sweet, Tony. He's the sweetest kid I've ever met, and—"
Dad had tried calling the phone number given to him by the FBI agent who'd arrested Papa as soon as he had gotten home the night before, which turned out to be nothing but an operator at an answering service who promised Dad that they would "pass along the message as soon as regular business hours resumed" on Monday.
Except, instead of the missile breaking apart into its smaller components just as the sparks appeared, it remained intact, therefore defeating the entire purpose of the new design.
"You're here," Steve murmured as his movements grew more frenetic, more frantic, the grip on Tony's hip tightening. "I can feel your heart beating."
Steve huffed, tears burning his scratchy eyes as he looked away. Sam had always told him that he needed to talk through his 'stuff', as he'd called it, to get it out there in the open, or else it would just build up inside him, festering and fermenting until Steve did something stupid.
But instead, Steve chose to be selfish, and use Tony only for friendly companionship because he was too scared of possibly being rejected if he tried to go any further.
"Okay, okay, just hold on a second there," Steve said, raising his hand. This was starting to sound way too much like something out of one of Peter's movies. "'Cause it sounds like you're talking about a time machine."
His lungs screaming for air, Tony raised his head, flipping onto his side as he scrubbed his palm across his soggy eyes.  He’d always known that despite his genius intellect, underneath it all he was just a complete idiot.  Peter had warned him that he needed to tell Obie about Steve.  Hell, even Rhodey had mentioned that he might want to say something before things got too serious.  But did Tony listen?  Did he listen to his sweet son who he knew had grown to love Steve like a second father?  Did he listen to his best friend in the entire world, the guy who’d been looking out for him since he was fifteen years old?
And, after Peter had answered that question with a resounding “yes!” and got one of Papa’s awesome bear hugs in return, Papa had then proceeded to get down on one knee, take Dad’s hand, and ask him to marry him.
And also the three broken drawer handles in the kitchen, so many exploding tubes of toothpaste that he had lost count, two broken seatbelts in Uncle Sam's car, and no less than three torn shoelaces.
"Then… don't be thinking like you're thinking, and he'll have no reason to make it," said Peter. "Right?"
seeing so much internal blame and second-guessing behind them, as if everything that was happening was somehow his fault.
"You are such a sap, honey," Tony said as he curled his fingers around Steve's bicep and tipped his forehead against his shoulder. He breathed in deeply, reveling in his husband's glorious ivory-soap-and-vanilla scent as they swayed gently to the music. "You know that, right?"
"Ahh, whatever," Sam said. "C'mon, Sir Bucky. I'm afraid those girls won't let us anywhere near that kitchen until we smell better than we do now, so—"
"It's nice to meet you, officer," Steve said as Brian first clasped his hand, then Tony's, shaking them both vigorously. "Thank you for all that you do to keep the city a safe place."
The second thing that he noticed—which might have actually been the first, but he supposed that was besides the point—was the
"I just figured that she'd've gotten a job already," said Steve. "She's gotta make a living now, doesn't she?"
"There it is," Peter whispered as his gaze landed on the gloomy dark grey building, barely visible through the thick mist hanging in the air. The Iron Legion wannabes were still flying their sentry routes around the perimeter, so Peter took a couple of minutes to memorise their pattern and calculate an approximate distance so he could program the repulsors to shut down at the right time. It wouldn't do him any good to blow the entire thing by crashing into the side of the building because he'd miscalculated the flight time.
Peter thought, then immediately felt bad for even thinking it. As per their usual, Dad and Papa hadn't shared too many details from their recent mission since they'd been back, and Peter hadn't been able to get much of anything from JARVIS either. But Peter could tell that they had found something that had unnerved them both, even more than they were already.
"That's to help prevent someone else trying to tamper with the program, right?" asked Steve. "Isn't that what you taught me?"
"And so far we can't figure out why, Pete," Dad said firmly. "Which means it was probably just a glitch."
"Yes, sir. It is housed in one of the now-defunct Stark Industries buildings on the old California property."
Tony knew that it wasn't completely over yet. While several arrests had already been made in the couple of days since the battle against the Chitauri-enhanced Hammer suits and most of the remaining HYDRA agents were on the run, Tony knew that it was going to be awhile before things managed to get back to some semblance of normal. The fact that the Secretary of Agriculture was currently the acting President of the United States was just one example of how deeply HYDRA's roots had managed to take hold inside the U.S. government, with many of the other major world powers experiencing similar fallouts in their own governments once the news stories started coming out.
"Ah!" Peter cried, another ice bolt rocketing down his back just as Thanos' right arm broke free, his fingers immediately wrapping around Gamora's neck.
Tony let out a soft groan as he zipped up his suitcase, hefting it up off the couch. Despite the freezing-cold winter weather, the week spent in their Irish cottage had been so relaxing and peaceful that he wasn't ready to head home just yet, back to the harsh reality that awaited them in New York.
"Ah. Then I suppose it's okay as long as he doesn't throw a dart at your head," Gwen said, her eyes going wide as she looked around the massive suite, taking in the expertly laid out platters piled high with all sorts of yummy appetizers that Uncle Thor and Uncle Clint were already busy sampling.
He had little doubt that HYDRA was watching them. In fact, they most likely had teams of agents assigned to monitor not only the Tower, but also the Compound and the D.C. building, as well as each individual Avengers' team member.
"Okay, then, how about you acknowledge that there's nothing we can do about it right this second, and try and get some rest, all right?" said Papa. "Dad and I have arranged for you to ride back to the Tower with Sam and Bucky once we get back."
“Uh huh!” Peter said happily.  He quickly moved his queen, placing her behind one of his rooks.  “I’m out of it now, but you're still doing awesome!”
"And you've updated the program that calculates the go/no-go points?" That program had been one of the first things Peter had written, and it had worked so well on the trial mission that Tony hadn't given it much thought since.
General Arnold gave a grim nod. "Yes, Captain, that's very true. I guess you would understand that better than anyone."
"He doesn't want to because all of his friends wait outside, babe," Dad said, glancing up from his tablet. "And we're usually here before he comes out anyway."
"Well, anyway," Steve said, clearing his throat. "Give me five minutes to get changed and then we'll go. Okay, little guy?"
Tony pressed his palm to his chest, pushing Steve's dog tags into the scarred skin covering his pounding heart. "Yeah, bud, it did," he whispered. "But you know that doesn't necessarily mean what you think it might mean."
"That'd be nice," Peter said softly. He buried his nose into the soft fur of his polar bear's neck, contemplating if he should ask about going to Gwen's house now or wait until his dads got home.
"Pardon me, Master Peter, but Sergeant Barnes is asking for permission to enter the penthouse," JARVIS suddenly said, startling Peter such that he knocked his pen onto the kitchen floor despite the UI's quiet tone. Dad had reprogrammed JARVIS to speak more quietly once his enhancements started to emerge, but nine times out of ten whenever Peter was alone and concentrating on something, JARVIS still managed to startle him.
A thought suddenly occurred to him, his eyebrows knitting together as he tried to make sense of the zig-zaggy timeline.
"Copy that, Phoenixes Two and Three," said Tony. "All Phoenix aircraft, you have a go. Captain Rogers, it's your call."
“Oh, Christ,” Tony mutters as his gauntlets slide down his forearms to cover his fingers.  He stares at his left hand for a few seconds, mumbling something under his breath as he disconnects the armour covering his left pinky.
It was the first time that one of Steve's physical enhancements had ever been used against him. If it hadn't been for JARVIS… both he and Bucky would've likely been killed.
It doesn’t help that Natasha, as pure as her intentions might be, seems to be hell-bent on setting him up with any guy she comes across that has a pulse.  Steve has told her over and over again that he’s just not ready to “get back out there” yet, but for some reason she’s made it her sole mission in life to get him to go out on a date.
"Yeah, but these guys seem to have some pretty advanced stuff, and Quill did say he was half-god," replied Peter. "Maybe they'll be able to help us too."
Even after all the time that had passed, and how often Steve told him so, Tony still wasn't used to how much Steve loved him.
Steve tipped his head back against the headrest, lolling it sideways to look at Tony. "Well, we could always just build him a treehouse. I'm sure he wouldn't mind that."
"Dad's right, little guy," Steve said in a muffled voice. "We're not gonna let anything happen to you."
Steve already had a pretty strong feeling about most of his fellow pilots. In addition to underestimating Steve himself, General O'Brien also seemed to have underestimated the bond that the pilots shared. To Steve they were his extended family, even those like John Sheppard and Major Kowalski who he didn't personally know as well, but he could not assume that they all held a similar conviction without more evidence, and knowing who they could trust would be an absolute requirement going forward.
"She doesn't really hate your father, sweetheart," Steve said once they were parked outside the hospital. He hadn't been lying when he'd told Tony they were only going to stay for dinner, explaining to Sarah that Peter had been going to sleep a bit earlier than usual lately. "It's just not illegal for anyone in Langara to hate Howard Stark."
"Yeah, honey, I do," Tony said as he brushed a soft kiss across Steve's forehead. "'Cause we're in this together, right? Whatever it takes."
"Shh, mo grá," he said as the tip of his tongue poked out between his perfect teeth. "Ach déan iarracht scíth a ligean. Just try and relax."
Steve pursed his lips, fiddling with his bottle cap. Bucky had said something similar way back when Riley was killed, and Steve had just brushed it off as him venting some of his anger and frustration over losing another teammate. But if he and Sam were still actively discussing it then that likely meant they weren't the only ones, which also likely meant that—
“Hmph,” Tony muttered.  “Nothing like a big-ass bully with an even bigger-ass, seventy-year-old grudge, hmm?”
The penthouse was eerily quiet as Peter crawled up onto the ceiling, carefully making his way down to Dad's lab. His web fluid was being stored with the rest of his chemistry equipment, which was far enough away from Dad's area that he should be able to go unnoticed as long as he was quiet enough, but Peter was still relieved to find Dad conked out next to one of his workstations when he got there, with code strings running across the monitor and a half-empty coffee cup next to his elbow. A lump rose in Peter's throat at how freaked out he knew Dad was gonna be once he realised that Peter had skipped out on the dance, but he was hoping that getting Papa back alive and taking down HYDRA once and for all would be enough to make up for it.
He would assume not, since Howard had been so long removed from the Air Corps by the time Steve received the serum that he likely didn't even know it had been used, but since Tony had shared his Project Phoenix information with his own son, Steve couldn't be certain.
“Okay, little guy.”  Closing his eyes, Papa tipped his head back, his eyebrows knitting together in concentration.
"But, what?" Gwen exclaimed. "Peter, it wasn't real! What you saw, it was just some spell! Like you said!"
"I'm almost done with that too," replied Tony. "I'm reverse-engineering the coding I used when I built Peter's glasses. Once that's done I'll upload it to JARVIS so it'll be available in mine and Rhodey's HUDs."
Gwen gave a nod as she walked past their History classroom, leaning against the row of lockers next to it. "And you? You're doing okay?" she asked quietly. "I know you weren't as hurt as Captain Rogers, but my dad told me that you were still pretty beat up."
"Yeah," Peter said with a chuckle. He cleared his throat, not knowing where the hell this sudden surge of bravery was coming from but deciding to run with it anyway. "I was thinking… there's a movie theatre that's only a block away from your dad's police precinct, right?"
This chapter is a bit on the fluffier side, as I think our boys deserve a bit of a break! Please also be aware that I have changed the rating from T to M, as there is a scene about 2/3 of the way through that I felt pushed the T-rating a bit too far. :)  To me it’s not much more detailed than what I’ve previously written, I just wanted to be on the safe side.  😊
Obie threw his head back and laughed, like Tony had just told the funniest joke in the entire world.
"I am quite all right," T'Challa called back. He pushed himself up to his feet, nodding at Steve as he brushed the dust from his arms. "I am more than capable of taking care of myself, Captain. You and your team must be on your way."
Grandma tilted her head, eyeing Peter as though she was trying to size him up. "You know," she finally said. "You look a lot like your father. Has anyone ever told you that?"
"Thanks," Tony said softly. He sighed as he reached down into his shirt, pulling the tags out and pressing them to his lips, trying to imagine that he was kissing Steve instead.
“It’s a good thing that Dad renovated all of the fume hoods last year, or else Brad could’ve burned down the entire school!” Peter said, his eyebrows so high they were almost touching his curls.  “I mean, what an idiot!”
"Peter told me you had another emergency call with Damage Control this afternoon," Steve said softly as he kissed Tony's cheek. "What's going on with them now?"
"Uh huh," Peter said, even as he feared it might be pointless as Thanos placed the Time Stone into its spot on the gauntlet. Crackles of blinding white lightning engulfed him as soon as it locked into place, spreading across his massive chest and down his arms as he let out a triumphant roar.
Thor let out a wide grin, looking quite pleased with himself. "Well, I am aware that I am quite popular with most of the young people on this planet. That is, of course, assuming that your sister is indeed—"
Once Tony's breathing had evened out, Steve leaned back in his chair, trailing the pad of his thumb across Tony's knuckles. Shuri had told Steve the night before that Tony's skin grafts were all doing beautifully, which, Peter had explained, wasn't surprising since they had been grown from samples of Tony's own skin and soft tissue cells. There weren't even any scars left behind, which Steve found absolutely incredible given how badly Tony had been burned.
"All right!" exclaimed Sam as he clinked his beer bottle first against Bucky's, then against Peter's can of Dr Pepper. "Now, do we finally have permission to eat, Captain? 'Cause if I have to sit here and listen to these guys' growling stomachs for too much longer, I'm gonna—"
And he did.  Buoyed with the knowledge that he was in the safest possible hands, Steve filed away all of his fears and misconceptions into their appropriate mental files as Tony gently worked him open, allowing himself to concentrate solely on the pure
“Why don't you go ahead and get dressed, Peter, then we can head back to the conference room,” Mr Rogers says.
"His heart rate and blood pressure are elevated like he's under stress, Tony, but neither of them are dangerous," said Bruce. "You know I'll let you know if they get too high."
"Yeah, Peter couldn't decide what to wear," Ned said, his jaw dropping slightly as he caught sight of Betty standing with some of their Decathlon friends. "I finally had to threaten to come without him if he didn't hurry up."
Tony said, his breath hitching as the pleasure coiled deep in his gut, his fingertips digging into the hard flesh of Steve's ass. "Baby, 'm so close, I'm gonna—!"
"Peter," Gwen said as they finally arrived at Peter's locker, thankfully both still in one piece. "It's just an interview. It doesn't mean that I'm actually gonna get offered a position."
" Steve nearly sobbed. "If you—if you don't mind, I'd—I'd—I mean, we still don't know if they—if they made it, but—"
Steve's heart gave a lurch at Peter's tone, resignation laced with a heavy layer of sadness. What job could possibly be so important so as to keep a father from being with his sick child?
"Uncle Bruce and I will bring you to school in the morning, okay, bud?" Tony said. "You got your alarms set?"
"I'm so sorry, little guy," Steve murmured as he trailed his fingertips down Peter's round cheek. "I wish I could make all of this go away."
I’m always eager to hear what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment 😊
"Well… see… that's the thing. I'm not really sure how," said Scott. "But I was kinda hoping that you guys could help me figure it out 'cause… well… I'm pretty confused as hell as to what's happened here, and I figured if anyone knew, it'd be the Avengers. So… you think I can come in? It's—it's a bit cold out here."
"Really?" Peter exclaimed, covering the receiver so he didn't cough in Dad's ear. "I mean, really? How?"
He was silenced by Steve's fingers, brushing softly across his lips. "No apologies, okay?" he whispered. "I love you."
"Hey, Steve!" Sam said as he and Bucky jogged over to Steve, sweat dripping down both their faces. "A bunch of us are heading out to the ball field for a while, you wanna come?"
But then, even the yellow beam that had attacked the pilots after the trial mission had gone after Uncle Bucky instead of Papa, so it still didn't make any sense.
"They were captured along with the guy who had the Time Stone," said Bruce. "I don't know if that helps you or not, but—"
Steve chuckled, leaning down to kiss Tony on the cheek. "Pretty sure Peter would end up being late for school, sweetheart."
Uncle Bucky shrugged, his upper lip curling into a sneer as he glanced down at his left shoulder, and the arm that wasn't there.
"Oh, that's so good," Tony said in a rush, not even caring when Phillips shot him a goofy look. "We'll see you when you get here."
“Okay, so I’m about ninety percent positive that Hulk just took out the last of the big bunkers, Cap, so why don't you go see what Tony’s up to while the rest of us search for stragglers, hmm?” Clint says.  Another roar cuts him off, one even louder than the last.  “Actually, make that one hundred percent.”
"Well, some people tend to show their grief a bit differently than others, mo grá," Steve said. "I saw some of that during the war. Guys would be talking to their buddy standing right next to 'em one second, and the next he'd be flat on the ground, shot right through the head or the chest." He let out a sigh, one so heavy that Tony reached for his hand. "And during a battle, you can't stop, or you might get shot too. You just have to keep going, and that makes it even harder."
Davis cleared his throat. "You stated that the rules for the Avengers as a team are created by the team itself, is that correct, Captain?"
"Uh huh." The delicious scents that'd been wafting up from the kitchen for the last twenty minutes or so were already making Peter’s stomach rumble, despite the fact that he'd just had a pretty big snack right before he got ready.
"No, just wait, please," he cut in. He needed to get this out. "Tony, I need you to know that no matter what happens with this mission, that I love you and Peter with all of my heart and soul and everything else that I am. And I will never, ever be sorry about that. No matter what."
"Weird is a good word for it," agreed Grandma. "But from what I've seen, 'inconsistent' would probably be a better choice. And it's those very inconsistencies that have hurt more people than I care to count." She let out a heavy sigh, fingering the thin golden band circling the third finger of her left hand.
mission, but it still hit him like a sledgehammer to the chest, forcing all the breath from his lungs. He still didn't remember much from his time in the bunker or from his coma that followed, only that he'd never been in so much pain in his entire life, or so incredibly exhausted that he felt like he could sleep for a hundred years.
"Well, I'll say it as often as you need me to, okay?" Papa said. He kissed Peter's forehead again, tucking his blankets up to his shoulders. "And I might have something else that'll help you sleep too. I'll be right back."
"No, it's really not," Tony shot back. "How many times have you had your shield bounce away from you during a fight, hmm? It even happened again while you were in Africa, Steve, I heard it! Well, with this kind of suit, something like that were to happen, you'd be able to form a new shield that'd be almost as strong as your actual one, giving you that much more protection." He let out a frustrated growl, raking his hand through his hair. "Honey, I just don't think I can handle listening to you getting shot at anymore. I just—I can't do it. I've almost lost you too many times. You and Pete both, and I just can't do that again."
Once again, silence fell across the panic room as Peter collapsed back against Bucky, with Tony practically vibrating in Steve's arms as Bucky looked back at them, a wide smile stretched across his face.
"Probably too many to count," Steve said. He shot Tony a wink as he offered him his arm. "Shall we?"
“Okay, honey, you're starting to freak me out a bit now,” he said, letting out a frightened groan when the call disconnected.  He was just about ready to start pounding on the door again when he noticed a fluffy grey cat with piercing yellowish-green eyes approaching from the main aisle.  Peter and Steve had both told him about Ashes, the cat that apparently had come with the storefront, but Tony had never seen her before now.
"Uhh, what're they talking about?" he asked, suppressing the shudder that followed. Peter was sixteen already, and therefore deserved at least some measure of privacy, but—
Tears stung Tony's scratchy eyes, and he turned away, pressing his fist to his chest. "Yeah, well, unfortunately concern's not gonna fix my son's heart now, is it. Not unless something miraculous happens."
"Okay, but Colonel, do you seriously think that this is really what's best for our son?" Steve demanded. He looked over at Howard, anger welling in his gut at the man's expression of mild amusement. "No offence, Mr Stark, but you haven't exactly been up to your usual standards for a very long time. Have you?"
"Don't, Стиви," Bucky said. "Птер needs to do it himself or it won't work. He needs to be free of it. You know that he does, and you know why."
Steve quickly toweled himself off and threw the clothes that were crumpled in the bathroom corner back onto his body, and rushed downstairs. What he saw in the living room was like something out of a movie: his kid was on the ceiling running in circles and laughing his head off. There were white globs of what appeared to be spider web chunks stuck to the wall, the ceiling, the furniture, and Tony.
“Harley Grant Edward Stark-Rogers, put me down this minute!” Tony snapped. He didn’t like to yell at
“Does it have to do with the super soldier serum?  Because when I gave birth to Peter, Bruce said that the serum could affect Peter."
“C’ mon, bud. You were willing to nap earlier. Why are you resisting nap time?” Harley had to take a nap. He
“Oh, baby boy, no, never. We would never break up,” Tony rushed to wipe the boy's tears with the sleeve of his quarter zip.
Peter was very clingy with Steve. Why he was, was beyond both of them. It wasn’t like Steve was giving one hundred percent of his attention to Peter. More like sixty percent, in Tony’s opinion.
For the most part, Steven Grant Stark-Rogers was a calm person. Rarely did he freak out about something weird or bizarre, especially in people, because, after all, he himself was a weird “lab experiment” as Tony would say. But today, was not that day. Both Tony and Steve were freaking out about Peter and his weird new ability.
when Steve got to his sore, tender nipples and sometimes even shed a few tears from them being so damn sore.
After bringing him home, the first few months were rough. Tony was relieved to finally be able to lie down without having a pregnant belly in the way. Steve was right about Harley having superhuman strength. It had really only become a problem when the boy started walking and teething.
“Peter, come help me out for a second,” Tony said. He was wearing an undershirt in a way so that his arms went through the head hole, exposing both his pecs. Harley was lazily sucking on a nipple, milk all over his face and splattered over Tony’s shaved chest (Tony had learned to shave it the hard way when Peter was a baby because babies like to grab hold of things and well you probably get the idea).
Peter was still very cautious about Steve being near Harley. Even when he was two years old, Steve could only interact with Harley under Peter’s supervision. The five-year-old would intently watch his Papa rock and cradle the baby, making sure Steve’s superhuman strength wasn’t in effect when he interacted with him.
Tony had fallen asleep on the off-white leather L-shaped couch, an open book was faced down on his stomach. Peter was snuggled against the bump, an arm around it and a wet spot on Dad’s grey shirt from Peter’s open mouth.
Steve put his pencil down and stroked Peter’s hair, taking in the scent of the shampoo they used. “I can try to convince Daddy to let you stay up for
“Tones, you okay?” Steve asked, putting a hand on top of his partner's hand. It was Saturday morning and they were sitting on their bed in the master bedroom. Tony had been up for an hour, dealing with Kicks Mcgee as he called him.
Tony and Steve crawled into their own bed, kissed each other, turned the lights off and within minutes, fell sound asleep.
“Of course, baby,” Tony said, looking over at Steve. He planted a kiss on the kid’s temple and then sat down next to him on the workbench.
On numerous occasions, Harley would pick Peter up and carry him around the house. Both were big kids; they looked a few years older than they were, so sometimes, Harley would come barreling around the Tower from room to room with
Peter pushed the blond’s hand away. “No, Papa! You’re gon’a hurt the baby!” The toddler’s eyes blew up with sadness and a small grin slid across both Steve’s and Tony’s faces.
“Because people might, uh, ‘freak out’ if they see you do what you can do,” Tony awkwardly said, shifting uncomfortably. He didn’t want his son to be an outcast; no one does. But he knew that if Peter didn’t learn how to control his powers, people would very much alienate him.
Poor Steve tried everything to make his husband happy. Bubble baths, massages, his favorite foods, and getting whatever odd foods Tony was craving.
“Harley, it’s time for your nap, C'mon, buddy, let’s go,” Tony said. The boy was sitting cross-legged on the floor, hunched over. There were Pokémon cards, Legos, crayons and Lincoln Logs scattered everywhere.
This was too cute. Steve pulled out his StarkPhone and snapped a picture, sending it to the group thread that he, Clint, Bruce, Nat, Tony, Thor, Vis, Coulson, Bucky, Sam, Peter, Wanda, and Pietro were in.
“Me too, Daddy” Tony whipped around to spot Peter standing in his bedroom doorway, his thumb in his mouth. “I wan’ watch Paw Patrol!” he shouted, as he and Harley raced toward the master bedroom. The Stark-Rogers house rules were simple:
When he got back, Tony was up with Peter on his hip, a cup of coffee in his hand. Steve wiped his forehead and face with a towel then, throwing it over his shoulder, he kissed Tony, then Peter.
Tony heard Bucky’s dark chuckle and greeting to Steve before he was unable to follow the conversation anymore. He could hear the two men speaking but failed to comprehend the words as Bucky moved in him. Sliding Tony back and forth in his lap, the soldier could only move about a fourth his cock out before having to drive back in. Tony didn’t care about trying to stop Bucky anymore, he just wanted to chase what he was feeling. He needed more, wanted Bucky slipping out completely before filling him again. Arching back into Tony whispered as much into Bucky’s ear and shivered as a dark fire lit his eyes at the request.
Before his first time with Bucky, this would have probably gutted Tony to pieces. Now, his arousal went from zero to sixty so fast Tony hadn’t even registered he had moved until was chest to chest with Steve. He felt as if lightening was rippling across his skin as he remembered the feeling of Bucky’s cock spreading him open. Steve moaned into his mouth as Tony brought their lips together, rubbing his arousal against Steve’s. Raising his leg to lie across Steve and Bucky’s bodies, his eyes fluttered shut as he moved further up Steve, lining his dick up to slide in where Tony wanted to be filled again. “Fuck Steve, want you now. Give it to me baby, need you in me.”
Yeah, Tony had definitely reached the inner circle of hell known as agonizing blue balls frustration.
He saw Tony shudder as he moaned low, moving on shaky limbs to straddle Bucky’s legs. Once he was in place, Bucky held his dick up for Tony and turned back to Steve. “What is it that you want us to talk about Stevie?”
“Nah,” Bucky stated as he rose offering a hand to Steve as he pulled the other man up to rise as well. “I think you’ll be too nice if the other person is in the room. Or worse, just say what you think the other person will want to hear.” Clapping his friend on the shoulder Bucky gave him an award winning smile saying, “Let me talk to Tony for a sec, we already talked about the few things you liked when you came to me. I’ll see what Tony wants out of this then we’ll go from there, okay?”
Thor didn’t have orientation and was like a hilarious old uncle to Tony. He loved to see the other man coming, knew without a doubt what Thor would say was sure to be hysterical. Thor would always come to him with questions about ‘Midguardian’ things that confused him. Obviously, when he first tried to ask Steve these questions he’d get a mirroring look of consternation. His day to day inquiries would range from “Who is this Maury Povich Midguardian’s speak of and why is he telling men if they are fathers? Does he have magic of some kind to know these things?” to “I wish to use my StarkPhone and call my fair Jane but cannot seem guess the correct code to unlock it,” or Tony’s personal favorite so far, “Darcy spoke of some felching attraction and how Jane should take part, what is this amusement and how can I assist Jane in doing so?”. Thor ended up having to ask Natasha the last one because Tony couldn’t stop laughing long enough to answer him.
Tony gave a nervous chuckle the belied his flippant tone as he spoke. “Then I’d like to start out by saying anything done prior to ’99 was under the influence and should not be taken into consideration in regards to my moral character.”
Tony sat at his dining room table with Bucky and Steve as they looked over the list of sexual preferences he had already completed. Bucky had been explaining to Steve what a few things meant for the last hour before finally throwing his hands up and saying, “You know what, unless Tony’s marked it off we’ll try everything on here you’re not sure about.”
Bucky had never stopped moving, kept fucking Tony through his orgasm and continued on after he’d finished, though Tony could feel his arms shaking from the aftermath. “If anyone is making you come tonight, it’s gonna be me. I said I was nowhere near done with you, that I’d make you come twice, and I always make good on my promises.”
Giving him a concerned look, Steve reached up to hold Bucky’s face in his hands. “I know… I know it came as a surprise to all of us, but…” Steve looked away as if searching the room for answers before bringing their eyes back together. “We all have to figure out why it I
Now that he knew any of this was possible with his boyfriends he wanted to experience it first hand with them. He needed to know how to pull those reactions from both men. Steve knew he’d be okay with both men together once that happened, once he figured out how to make them feel that good with him to.
Steve knowing Bucky should have and had previously been able to block his attack quickly rushed to kneel beside him. “Buck, what’s wrong? Are you okay?”
Steve shivered slightly as he dropped down, wasting no time before putting his mouth to work. Tony watched in fascination as Steve devoured Bucky, using his hand to stroke the other half of his dick Steve couldn’t swallow. All that could be heard in the room was the slurping sounds suction each time Steve brought his head back up. Tony couldn’t help but envision himself in Steve’s place bringing back the memory of when he actually was. He licked his lips as if the taste might still be there and was brought out of his fantasy by Bucky’s moan.
Tony sat in his lab working on Bucky’s arm as he had for the past few days. Being that Tony would often have to stop and work on something urgent from Pepper or about the Accords, it was taking him longer than it normally would to repair. The damage to Bucky’s arm was extensive and Tony was surprised it had taken this long to malfunction. According to the soldier Hydra never did too much upkeep, only giving patch jobs as necessary and usually from what Tony could see, not very well.
The team all filled Tony’s life in different ways, making the house he always had into a home finally. Those four never failed to bring Tony out of his slumps or his lab for that matter, except when he had noise in his head and the world became too much, then…
Tony’s hands were fisted above where Bucky’s were holding his wrist, eyes screwed shut as he panted whimpered loudly. “God yes Bucky, so good… Need it, fuck please… Deeper, harder please I… Fuck, Uhhh need deeper…”
Chuckling Steve replied, “There’s no chance of me not being around, whether you’re fit or not.” Steve picked of his hand tape from the floor and started rewrapping his hands where the last layer had broken. As he did Steve eyes looked to Bucky asking, “What’s on the agenda for today?”
Wanting this to end as quickly as possible Tony got right to the crux of the issue. He gave Steve a self-deprecating smile saying, “I can’t fully submit Steve, to anyone, ever. Subspace doesn’t… it won’t ever happen for me. No Dom will ever be able to claim me, never be able to form bond. Sorry for wasting your time Cap, but that’s what you’re doing… You’re just wasting your time. I literally cannot and never will be able to be your sub, or anyone else’s for that matter.”
It was during a sparring session with Steve that it happened. Bucky and Steve had been at it for around an hour, neither needing a break due to their enhancements, when as Steve’s fist came to punch Bucky’s abdomen he tried to block the blow with his metal arm but it stayed in place not moving. When the blow landed driving Bucky to the ground he was also unable to break his fall neatly only having one arm that was functional.
If it were him he wouldn’t have stopped either, kept at it until Tony got everything he needed. The constant words spewing from Bucky’s mouth about how good Tony felt and how great he was being for Bucky helped to keep him from going soft as well. He’d never come so hard or so many times in such a short period of time.
Tony lost track of what Steve was saying when Bucky grab his hips, moving Tony slightly up his length. Mouth dropping open as in a silent gasp, Tony turned to look at Bucky and get him to stop.
Eyes still on Bucky, he saw the man’s smirk widen at Steve’s question. “Everything’s fine here,” Tony responded, hoping his voice was coming out as normal since Bucky was still moving him. “Bucky’s… behaving fine, um… He’s, ah, right there, uh sorry, right here if, um, you wanna say hi.”
After their first orgasm, Bucky pretty much fucked Tony throughout the room. The only reprieve he got was when Bucky told him to go shower, he joined Tony about 15 minutes in once he finished giving Steve a blowjob. The man had been straining in the chair; able to come twice from watching the pair before he was stuck waiting for Bucky to give him relief. Tony’s ass was pleasantly sore from Bucky’s rough treatment, but he didn’t call a halt to Bucky lifting him and sliding in deep once more. Tony didn’t think he could come anymore, Bucky having rung 2 orgasms out of him already, and said as much. Bucky just kept fucking into his slowly, pace never quickening as his tongue made a similar ownership of Tony’s mouth. He was leisurely stroking into Tony as though he wasn’t chasing an orgasm, but just loved the feelings of having Tony wrapped around his cock.
He’d told a little white lie to Tony when he said Stevie hadn’t been able to take all of him, but he knew Tony needed to hear it. Bucky had also lied about where and how he came. He’d actually spilled into Stevie’s ass, twice to be exact, cumming like a freight train both times as he pulled 3 orgasms out of Steve. All of that withstanding nothing, and Bucky meant absolutely nothing, came close to being inside Tony fucking Stark. Bucky would do anything, even if that meant lying to the man between his legs and never touching Stevie’s ass again, if it meant Tony would keep giving it up to Bucky whenever he wanted it. It hadn’t even been the first time he’d fucked Steve, it was just the first time Tony had ever seen them. He’d been inside Stevie’s ass almost as much as he’d been inside Tony’s these past few months. Tony had just never known because he only ever wanted Steve’s ass when the other man wasn’t around. Bucky would just have to make sure Stevie never spilled the beans about his rides on Bucky’s dick.
Bucky turned back to Tony giving him a mischievous smile as they heard Steve’s voice from behind him. “Oh, well, um guess that’s… Yeah, wouldn’t want that, uh, are you sure you…” Bucky ran his hands down Tony’s thighs until one cupped his balls gently while the other drew light fingertips up the surface of his cock. Tony threw his head back releasing a desperate cry cutting Steve off. “Oh wow, um Bucky, Tony sounds like he really needs you to keep going. If he’s ok with it I’m ok with it to. We know you don’t mean anything by it.”
Sitting back down in Steve’s lap on top of his hardness Bucky turned Tony around to face him. “You’ll be more comfortable if you can see where its at,” He looked at Tony giving him a cocky smirk, “Seeing that the monster I’m packing isn’t going anywhere you don’t want it to.” Tony’s face was growing flushed at Bucky’s words as as he took off Tony’s sweats, telling Steve if was for Tony’s comfort as well. He put Steve’s hands back at his waist and Tony’s feet beside them as he reached beneath Tony’s bent knees to lift him by his armpits to sit on Bucky’s cock. Leaning Tony back enough for his shirt to hide from Steve how wide his boyfriend’s ass was being wrecked open, Bucky grinded forward bouncing Tony on his length and sliding Steve’s through his flexing crease.
“Fuck Stevie, I’m sorry… It’s just been so long since I’ve had him. I can’t, God can’t stop… Fuck Tony, gonna give it to you so good you feel it for days.” Bucky then used Steve’s shoulders as leverage when he leaned back to bounce Tony on his cock, no longer hiding his movements. Steve gave his reluctant consent after Tony arched back moaning for Bucky to keep going and not to stop. It wasn’t long after that Tony’s orgasm consumed him, with not only Bucky but Steve as well following him over.
Feeling more at ease Steve laughed as he jokingly slapped Bucky’s thigh. “Shut up ya jerk. Tony and I started having sex pretty much as soon as we got together so, 3 years.”
Taking one of the Quinjet’s they made it to New York in just under two hours. Steve showed him to the Penthouse saying he could take one of the guest rooms or the floor below them. Opting to see how well this first meeting went Bucky didn’t give an answer initially and just dropped his duffle bag in the living room. He’d let Steve assume what his response was until he made the choice. Shortly after their arrival Tony made his appearance. The dark haired male had grease smudges on his cheek and forehead as well as spots on his T-shirt and jeans. Rooted to the spot he initially rose to stand in when Tony arrived, Bucky was frozen.
For the first time, Tony was surrounded in the feeling of love, and he never wanted to come back down from it.
Steve chuckled lightly as he slapped Tony’s ass making him yelp. “Be good, let your Dom sleep for a little longer like a nice little submissive.”
“Oh god, yes. Just like that, don’t stop.” As Bucky continued to ram his way through Tony, losing himself to the feeling of being fully seated inside someone for the first time, he relinquished all that self-control he’d been holding on to like Tony asked. No longer holding back, his hands moved to Tony’s shoulders to keep the smaller man from moving up the bed with each thrust and held him in place. Tony was moving rapidly to a place of incoherence with the way Barnes was driving into him.
Bucky nodded at Steve, losing himself a little in the sensation of Tony being halfway down his dick and gripping it so fucking tight. “Fuck baby, yeah. You feel so good around me, taking me so good. Gonna take it all for me again, aren’t you sweet thing?”
Tony’s mouth opened quickly to contradict Steve’s statement, but was promptly shut again when a look a disappointment settled across his Dom’s face. Tony stared down at the table, jaw clenching in aggravation. He was upset at his sub instincts yelling for him to wipe the expression from Steve’s face and because of the fact that Steve was right. Though half his brain had been figuring out ways to avoid this, the other half was desperately trying to figure out how to apologize. He was wounded at the knowledge he’d hurt his friends, his family, so carelessly without any effort.
He had more or less become resigned to his current situation with the only silver lining being those moments he had alone with his soldier, when he walked off the elevator to Bucky fucking Steve over the sofa. Tony had direct line of sight to the pair right in front of him as soon as he exited. Steve was sitting on the sofa arm, eyes closed and head thrown back clutching Bucky’s shoulders as he stood between Steve’s legs. Cum covered Steve’s chest showing he had got off at least twice already, as Bucky held his legs up pounding into him. Bucky was the only one to notice him enter and acknowledged him with a “Hey Tones” not bothering to stop his efforts to drive Steve to further heights of incoherence. Tony didn’t want to verify if Steve noticed him or not, the answer would hurt too much if it was what he assumed it was, as he gave a nod back saying he was going to shower.
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony as he thrust in crying out, “Yeah Tony, God yes baby. Always wanna be in you.”
There were two downsides to this plan, one Tony had expected but the other came as an unwelcome surprise. He anticipated that if he started to make friends with Steve, the other man would want the information flow to go two ways. This unfortunately meant Tony had to let Steve get to know him a little in return. There were questions Tony wouldn’t answer, and to his surprise Steve never tried to pry one from him, but he still had to answer most to avoid suspicion.
Tony leaned back into his seat eyes moving away from them to stare at the wall. Although his tone was casual, the shadow of pain the flashed in his eyes betrayed how he really felt. “That’s easy enough to answer. He made me feel like I was the only thing that mattered.”
Tony’s eyes fluttered minutely as a small tremor made its way down his back.  He focused his gaze back on Bucky, and then moved down to where he was stroking what Tony had been fantasizing about for days. Not taking his eyes off what he wanted most, Tony answered, “Yes, yes Bucky please. I, I need it, need you.”
Tony just shook his head with a grin as Steve calmed his laughter to answer Bucky. Before he could respond, the shrill sound of a phone rang through the room beside Steve and Tony. Both men looked over to see it was Fury calling Steve’s phone. Steve gently pushed Tony to stand as he followed retrieving his phone. “Sorry baby, I forgot Nick said he was calling. It shouldn’t take more than 15 minutes.”
Bucky waved Steve off and sat his cup down as he leaned over to look down at Tony. Bucky grimaced rubbing his forehead looking pained as Tony swallowed. He couldn’t take in air having a fourth of Bucky’s cock down his throat, massaging the portion there with his throat muscles. “Sorry Stevie, didn’t mean to scare you but damn, it’s really blowing… Uh, fuck yeah its Um, it took me down far. Was caught by surprise, engulfed my head out of nowhere. It’s coming… Uh, feels just about finished up, give me a sec…” Still swallowing around him, Tony began rolling his tongue along the veins underneath. “Damn, ahh fuck that’s it,” Bucky groaned under his hand massaging his temples, cock pulsing in Tony’s mouth as he came. “God, Damn… that was…” Bucky shook his head down at Tony before looking back to Steve. “Sorry Steve, never felt anything like that before. Just about blew my head off.”
Another dry orgasm shook Tony’s limbs and he began to beg, pleading through tears of frustration for Bucky to let him come. Every muscle in his body was strung tight enabling Tony from making any movements of his own without help. He was bound completely by the fireworks building in an agonizing pressure beneath his skin, each minor eruption making the sensations increase. The words being whispered in his ear from Bucky were not helping to ease the pleasurable sparks rolling through out him. “Gonna make you come so hard Tony, been waiting to take you like this with him watching. I knew you’d choose me baby, you love what I do to you don’t you?”
For the first time in his life, Tony wished to be a normal sub. He’d never before wanted to give up any part of who he was, not even to find someone he might be able to spend his life with. But in this weak moment of drunken weariness, he wished that he was so he could be with Steve.
“See Tony, told you it’d only take a sec,” Steve leaned back into the sofa, feet coming to rest on the coffee table, “And Bucky showed you some attention so you wouldn’t have to go into withdrawals.” Tony groaned low when Bucky pushed his shoulders down causing his dick to slide back inside Tony. “You want me to take over now?”
Bucky opened the door to walk into the dark bedroom. He was barely able to make out the two figures lying on the bed, Tony on top of Steve’s chest leaning to the side as the other man lay on his back. Bucky wanted to laugh at how easy it was to secure an open invitation to this bed from Steve. Turn on the sob story and Steve Rogers went down like the Titanic trying to make everything better. Bucky loved his friend, but it was laughable how gullible he could be sometimes.
As he continued to stroke himself through his climax he heard Bucky growling voice. “God if you aren’t fucking perfect under me.” Steve wondered if this was a mistake. Even though he felt jealous and wished he could do for them what they were obviously doing for each other, Steve came harder than he ever had watching them. He wasn’t sure if Bucky calling Tony perfect made him come even longer or all over again. What he was sure of was that it was just the one night, and that he’d be a fool not to enjoy his boyfriends drive each other crazy in front of him. Even better, after this they’d probably feel comfortable having sex with Steve together now and he wouldn’t have to leave one or the other out.
Tony’s face grew almost purple in humiliation and irritation while sputtering, “I wasn’t… I didn’t…” Taking a moment to reign in his emotions, Tony made sure his words sounded clear and confident, or something like that, he hoped. “You’re mistaken, that isn’t what happened.”
Bucky could see his cock pulsing through Tony’s stomach as he filled Tony to the brim with is cum. He held Tony to him still plunged inside, enjoying the after orgasm spasms Tony emitted around him when Steve slurred, “Sorry Buck, was distracted for a sec, did you ask me something to me?”
The smirk Tony could hear in Steve’s tone as he said, “Sure thing Tones, whatever you say,” let him know things did not bode well for him.
“Hmm, so you love how deep I fuck you baby. How big my cock is inside you. Want you to show me sweetheart. Wrap those pretty lips around it, show me and Stevie how much you want it.” Tony moved quickly to slide down the length of Bucky’s body, closing his eyes as he moaned around the head before he began sliding more into his mouth. “Fuck yeah sugar, that’s it. Take every inch baby, show Stevie how my dick should have been swallowed down.”
When they exited the elevator on the common floor, only Natasha, Thor, and Bruce sat at the table. The first two were speaking quietly to each other across the table while the latter sat between them at the head, frowning silently at whatever he was reading on his StarkPad. Steve motioned for Tony to sit as he walked to the kitchen to fix them whatever Bruce had prepared that morning. All conversation stopped as they entered. Thor paused to give them a cheerful greeting while Nat simply glared his way. Bruce, engrossed in whatever he was looking over, didn’t give any signs he’d even noticed them.
Nat’s eyebrows went up slowly with her mouth following the same path to a smirk. “Have to say, I did not see that coming. Never would of thought you’d need help in that particular department.”
“Uh, Stevie, I’ve almost never had sex the same way with each person. The positions may be the same but there’s always something different. Like with missionary, some of them liked me to roll my hips, slow grinding softly into them while some liked for me to nearly break their hips fucking them hard through the mattress. You can break those categories up into people that liked to be talked dirty to and the ones that liked to hear affectionate stuff instead, then break those down even further with other stuff. I’m not even sure where to start telling you what may work because I’m not sure what Tony would or has gotten off on you doing.”
Bucky’s hands unlaced behind his neck releasing to lower Tony’s arms back to the edge. “I always give him what he needs,” Tony felt hands grab the inside of his knees pulling his legs to extend out of the water towards Steve. “Need you to hold his legs up Stevie, I’m going to concentrate on tunneling in these areas back here.”
When Tony gave a frustrated whine as he said, “Yeah sure, I’ll uh, just wait…” then collapsed at the end of the bed away from the soldiers, forearm covering his eyes.
“Oh fuck, Bucky I…” Steve groaned out breathless just as he came from Bucky’s words alone, cock jumping in his lap with each stream of cum.
Steve’s voice, no higher than a whisper, rang throughout the room as though he had yelled. “You should stop there or you won’t like the consequences.” His tone, so chillingly cold and terrifyingly lethal, stopped Nat in her tracks.
Steve watched as one more time turned into another, and then another, and then another. After the third time he stopped trying to interrupt and just watched the two men together. He couldn’t even blame Bucky much for it, at least he had tried to stop initially, Steve was sure he wouldn’t have been able to do even that. Tony begged and pleaded for Bucky over and over again through the sexiest moans Steve had ever heard in his life. They were so filled with need and longing that Steve found himself hard the entire time they were going at it.
Smiling at Steve, Bucky stood after laying Tony on the other man’s chest, clearly fucked out shuddering every few seconds. “It’s nothing, was just having a, um, very hard time. Tony was really tight but we finally were able to work into that spot. I’ll probably hit it again later if you want to help me again. Not that I need it but you obviously are having a rough time thrusting into Tony ass and releasing all that pent up pressure he’s built up.” Steve nodded saying sure tiredly as his gaze fell to Bucky’s dick. Though it was soft it was still just as big and was currently glistening, covered with the remainder of Bucky’s cum not still inside of Tony.
Bucky looked sheepish as he leaned over them both to nod at Tony, “I ah, tried but, uh, kinda made a mess of Tony.”
As both men’s breathing became more even Bucky smiled at them saying, “Well, I think that was a good first lesson.” Clapping Steve on the shoulder to get his attention, Bucky nodded towards Tony as Steve’s gaze focused on him. “Why don’t you try what I did and let me know how it works out in the morning, alright?” Bucky eyes then traveled over Tony, pausing for a moment on red swollen erection between his legs before walking out. He really did hate to make the other man suffer, but Tony brought this on himself. He’d learn soon though, they both would.
Steve glanced up from where he stood in the kitchen talking to NaTasha over a cup of coffee. Putting his cup down he began to open one of the cabinets while smiling at Tony. “Good morning to you to… I’d ask you how you slept, but seeing as you’ve been out of it since 6 O’clock yesterday I’ll assume it was ok.”
“How did you…” Steve started but paused when he found himself trying to speak through the small amount of embarrassment worming its way forward. When Bucky finally opened his eyes, realizing the uncomfortableness Steve felt, he was finally able to push out what he wanted. “How did you know I’d like it?”
The experience had been both overwhelming and devastating at the same time, pushing Tony to a place of complete peace. When Bucky had coaxed him back down to earth, Tony felt was wrung out and boneless in the best possible ways. He had smiled through a satisfied moan when Steve began to pepper kisses all over his face saying, “There you are sweetheart.”
Tony dropped impaling himself on Bucky length, grunting as he bottomed out before Bucky even finished his speech. “I love this dick, I love everything you do to me, fuck… I love you. I’m so fucking already yours…”
Greeting Steve first with a heartfelt smile and kiss, Tony looked hesitant but also curious as Steve guided him over to meet Bucky. When the smaller man reached out a hand to Bucky saying, “Hello handsome, it’s good to finally meet you.” Bucky’s playboy ways took over before he could stop himself from toying with the other man.
Huffing out an exasperated breath Tony nudged Steve. Coming awake much faster than he had, Steve smiled at Tony and slid right in front of him. They kissed briefly before Steve leaned back saying, “Good morning baby.”
Once Tony finished with the first, Steve handed him another to work with giving the same exact instructions as before. This continued until Tony had finished with everything he needed and was told to set the table. Steve outlined exactly how he wanted each of the plates, cups, napkins, and cutlery to be situated. Tony wanted to laugh at how much a control freak Steve was, wondering how he’d never seen it before.
Steve sank his teeth into Tony’s side, causing a long low moan to emanate from Tony’s throat. “You sure about that, sure you can give yourself what you need better than I can sweetheart. Mhmm, well since you so sure you know what’s best then okay. Tell me what you think you need and I’ll give it to you.”
Bucky’s orgasm surprised them all. He moaned as he fucked Tony though it saying, “Jesus Christ Tony, I’ve never felt anything this good in my life.” When Bucky stopped thrusting, aftershocks still rolling across his skin, he saw the minor disappointment on Tony’s face. Tony tried to hide it but damn if he didn’t want the monumental climax he felt burning under his skin just barely out of reach. Bucky leaned down to devour Tony’s mouth before he leaned back with a cocky smile. “Oh sugar, I am nowhere new finished with you yet.”
Tony felt his face grow hot as Steve unknowingly hit on the gaping wound he’d tried to hide from everyone since he was 17. It wasn’t common knowledge, and most people wouldn’t even know to go looking for it. Ever since he’d come across the old book telling him why he was so different from other sub’s, Tony had felt a rain cloud roll over him that had never left.
Sitting across the table from Tony and Steve, Bucky resisted the urge to pluck Tony from his chair and bring him closer. The beast inside him had been roaring from the moment Steve arrived home. Bucky hated when his friend hugged Tony into a kiss telling the other man how much he missed him. Steve came to give Bucky a hug as well before going to shower. Seeing Bucky and Tony were already dressed he told them he’d hurry so they could get going.
. Tony walked up to her frowning at Clint still leaning over a lounge chair laughing. “What? You were the one who suggested this. Even though I was skeptical, really
Natasha’s laughter trickled off slowly but her smile lingered as she thought through Tony’s question. She began unraveling the tape from her hands as she looked up at the ceiling muttering out her thoughts. “Fairly new relationship, protective instincts will be going haywire… Need to assert dominance…? Nah, overpowered by sub care instincts. Submissive acts…?” She snorted loudly before softly stating, “Tony’d never pull that one off…”
Looking down Bucky gripped the sticky flesh in his hand smirking arrogantly. “Yeah it went down completely when I was banging into Tony, knew it’d finish and ease up at some point.” Shrugging and walking to his room Bucky said, “Told ya it was nothing to worry about, went soft right after I was done drilling into Tones.”
When Tony went to rise, trying to avoid seeing the disappointment settle on Steve’s face, his legs were gripped tight and kept him from moving. When he could no longer hold it off, he looked up to see the only expression Steve wore was mild confusion as his mouth puckered questioningly.  “Why… You really believe that, you’re not just saying it.” Steve words seemed like they were murmured more to himself than they were to Tony. “Why do you say you can’t submit sweetheart? Why wouldn’t you be able to relax into subspace?”
When Steve didn’t reply back, Bucky looked over to where he lay and realized it was because he was in the middle of painting the sheets with his come. Having confirmed they wouldn’t be interrupted again, he brought his attention back to making Tony scream and shake underneath him until he forgot everything but Bucky’s name.
As soon as he could, Tony quickly ushered the man out of his lab saying he had work to do for SI. Bucky walked away with a retort of, “Remember I’m always here for you now Tony. Anytime you need me to help you go through a few positions or have trouble finding the right spots just call me. I’ll be here as soon as I can, that’s what friends are for.”
Blue eyes raised to meet brown as Bucky’s fingers dipped down, teasing the skin above Tony’s abdomen. He leaned forward, breathe ghosting across Tony’s lips but not making contact. “I’d be so good to you to sweetheart. I want to hear you say my name while I’m inside you. Just give me one night with you baby, no one will know but us.” Tony was on the cliffs edge when Bucky finished saying, “Let me give you what you need, Tony.”
Bucky held his arms to the bed, thrusting in deeper and deeper as his mouth kiss and nipped the skin below. Tony’s cries below him were coming faster and closer together as his drove the man to incoherence. He made sure to graze every hot spot on Tony’s body, focusing on the ones that made the man below him arch beneath him and squeeze around Bucky’s erection. Although moving a little faster, he denied Tony that last inch of him, waiting for the right moment. “That it baby, love it when you moan and shake all over my dick. You love the way I give it to you to don’t you honey? Love the way I make this ass mine don’t you sweetheart?”
Steve however he had clear sight of. Tony could see every pant and moan Bucky pulled from him as his hand gripped the pillow he was laying on. When Steve managed to gasp out, “You can… Mhmm… Uh, you can try more…” around his groans.
Steve gave a deep sinful laugh. “Sorry pet, that’s not an option anymore. The moment I walked in here, saw you covered in me from head to toe, wearing my name around your neck…” Steve let out a low groan from deep in his throat, fist clenching tighter on the chain bringing Tony incrementally closer. “Now baby, the only place you’re going is to my bed, and the only thing you’ll be riding is my dick.”
Bucky murmured apologies to Steve as he pulled back. He took a moment to regain his control before he pushed back in, careful not to give the other man more than he could handle. Once recovered, he focused his eyes back to Tony’s face and saw the confusion on it. Steve was slowly drifting out of it between them and hadn’t noticed yet. Continuing his slow glides he stroked the leg Tony had lay on Bucky’s side to get his attention. When brown eyes fluttered open to focus on him Bucky asked, “What’s wrong sugar?”
Hand still moving slowly over his erection, Bucky smirked down cockily at Tony. “I told you not to worry, I know exactly how to take care of you doll.” He let go of his cock to reach down and clutch each of Tony’s ankles in his hands. “I know what you’ve been missing, what you’ve been aching for sweetheart.” Tony slid forward as Bucky pulled him to the bed’s edge. Bucky lay each leg against his chest while Tony’s ankles occupied the space on each shoulder. Tony watched as he began leaning forward, bringing Tony’s knees to his chest and folding Tony in half. Reaching down Bucky said, “What you been needing baby, is me.” Tony’s toes began curling in anticipation at the sensations Bucky’s cock elicited when he felt it just outside where he wanted it.. “And I’ll give it to you till you can’t take anymore.”
Steve’s said his last words as he was walking away. Sighing Tony stared down at his dick, still very much hard from what happened, thinking it was time to bring in reinforcements. Cracking through Captain America’s chivalry was turning out to be a lot harder than he thought it would.
Things pretty much continued the same way while Steve was gone. Tony slowly slid further and further into Bucky’s grasp, loving how he knew exactly what to do to drive Tony crazy. The first day Bucky had to seek Tony out after they parted that morning. Finding Tony in his lab, Bucky put him on his knees taking out his cock. Bucky didn’t say a word to him and didn’t have to. Once it was in his face, Tony wasted no time getting his mouth on Bucky and swallowing the man down. He nearly choked the first time trying to take it all and had not planned on making another try. Tony just began sucking as much as he could fit in his mouth, missing the last 2 inches.
Although he was angry with Bucky at first, when the soldier nodded pointedly to Steve with raised eyebrows Tony knew he was actually trying to get him back on track. Tony spoke as best he could but found it nearly impossible. It was hard to focus with Bucky’s tongue now plunging teasingly into Tony as Steve jerked himself closer to completion. Bucky gave Tony’s center the same treatment he gave Tony’s cock, starting out with teasing licks before diving in fully. “I like that he, uh, edges me a little with his tongue… Fuck Bucky yes, uhhh just like that, um, before he really gives it to me… Ahhh, God please Mmmm… really gives it to me how I want it.” Tony continued telling Steve what Bucky’s tongue was doing to him until he was seconds away from coming. After Bucky had switched back to sucking his cock and fingering him open, Tony moaned out, “Oh God, I’m gonna… Fuck Bucky yes Uhhh…”  But before he could cum Tony was cut off from his orgasm. Bucky completely stopped all motions and rose up to stand over both men sitting on the bed.
Bucky’s eyes came back down to Tony scanning possessively. “I got you sweetheart, bang through this ass every day if you need me to. Won’t stop till I demolish my way through every fucking muscle.” Leaning forward to gain more momentum Bucky stabbed deeper and faster into Tony causing every muscle in his body to clench as overpowering wave of sensations flew through him.
Tony nodded his head as he opened his mouth to speak but gave a throaty moan instead when Bucky grazed his fingers across his prostate. “Fuck, Oh god… I feel, you’re always so deep. Didn’t know… Oh fuck Bucky, please baby… Didn’t know it could feel so good, Uhhh... Feels like, you own me. Give it to me, God Bucky please.”
Edging Tony closer to his climax, he quivered feeling a sick thrill from Bucky’s veiled words. “We’re about to brief now so I should be back in a couple hours.”
Looking stunned Bucky asked, “That’s it Stevie? How long have you two been together?” Steve was opening his mouth to answer when Bucky waved his hand saying, “Scratch that, how long has it been since you two started having sex? I know you, you’ll date someone for a decade before you get them into bed.”
happening. Something you do for each other makes you keep going back. Talk to me Bucky, tell me what’s going on with you so I can understand what’s happening.”
Nat gaped a Steve with raised eyebrows of her own while Clint turned his head in shock, forgetting the ball he’d thrown. He was reminded pretty quickly when it bounced off his face. The surprise caused him to lose his balance as he fell off where he was perched, “Ouch, fuck… No, no, no…”  Hand holding his face complained loudly his entire drop to the floor. “Damnit, stop laughing Nat. Ow, ow, ow… Stupid Steve’s fault… A good Dom would help their Sub instead of laughing their ass off… Fuck, I think I bruised my hip.”
“Alright baby, but the only way I can is if you do whatever I tell you to.” Bucky raised Tony to hover above him then began driving his hips up to slam his dick back inside. Tony’s mouth opened to cry out as Bucky wrecked him so completely, but his body tensed hard at the assault striking fire throughout every nerve ending. It was almost a full minute before he recovered belting a throaty groan, shivering as he became limp in Bucky’s arms, body just taking what Bucky was doing to it. “You gonna do everything I tell you to baby? Do anything so you can take me like this every day?”
Narrowing down his best possible help to the only other couple in the Tower, Tony opted to talk to Nat. Although a talk with Clint would probably yield the same results, it would likely end in their usual childish name calling. The archer’s Domme was still way too deep in protective mode to take it as light heartedly as she normally would. While there was a time he would have put his life at risk to get laid, Tony had definitely grown older and wiser.
Tash was right, but Tony would be damn if he let her know it, he’d just get a beer. Putting in his order, Tony felt a hand caress his elbow to get his attention.
Wanting to get this over with already, in true Tony fashion he decided to just barrel forward blindly. “Soooo… I’m assuming you nursed me back to health so you could have your talk. The band finally packed up and left for the evening and my head doesn’t feel like it’s gonna explode anymore. You can just… What do you want to…?” Tony last words where murmured into his mug as he trailed off.
A couple hours later Steve walked into Bucky’s room at the compound. Bucky had been lounging on his bed working through a couple items on the list Tasha gave him of important history he missed. “Hey Buck, Tony’s locked down in Manhattan for the next week so we have to go to him. You okay with staying at the Tower for a few days?”
Bucky was beyond words, beyond thoughts. He just wanted to keeping fucking Tony until he felt like he owned every part of him. Wanted it to be plain for everyone to see, never leaving anyone in doubt. Steve calling his name from where he sat leaning on the headboard, finally trickled into the possessive haze clouding Bucky’s mind. Steve was panting as though he’d run a marathon while his cock stood at attention, already hard again even though he’d only just come. “Bucky, what are… We talked and said…”
Tony couldn’t help the sliver of fear that rippled through him when she kicked the chair out of her way striding forward. Natasha was truly freighting when the demeanor of her killer assassin persona took over. Tony’s mind began to race as his fight or flight instincts kicked into high gear. Before he could even decide on what to do it became unnecessary.
“Loved watching you sweetheart, always have been more of a work of art than anything on the walls of those fancy’s shows you dragged me to.” Bringing a hand up to cup Steve’s cheek Bucky asked, “Do you trust me baby?” When Steve gave him a nod almost immediately he continued on, “I want you to sit here quietly and not move, not even to touch yourself, until I tell you it’s ok.”
“Bucky,” Tony began but choked on the moan threatening to spill out making it hard to speak. He managed to get out the words, “I can’t, and Steve…We can’t,” when Bucky sat up sliding to the edge of the bed to stand.
Bucky raked his hands through Tony’s hair saying, “Your mouth feels so good Doll, wish I could feel it all over. It’s ok you can’t take it all sugar, no one’s been able to do that for me.” Tony was spurred on by the challenge, wanting to do something for Bucky no one ever had. After a few tries he managed to relax his throat enough to swallow all of Bucky, drawing a long low groan from the man. Tony wasn’t sure how long he sucked Bucky down before the man came, but he swallowed it all loving every second.
