The room really wasn't too bad. He could get used to this.
John stretched as he drew up the blinds. The harsh light the sun let it slowly subsided and revealed his, rather pale looking, flat. Perhaps 'room' was a better term for it, he thought idly.
The obvious first stop passing by, John ran a mental list of the next places he could go in an attempt to help the day pass by.
He breaks into the head office at night in hopes of finding new information, only to be confronted by Sherlock when he enters the office.
Chapter 6: Confrontation
“I've got some free time before lunch, let me show you around then, some.” Greg offered.
"That a boy, Martin. Great job bringing him here." he said fondly, gently patting the boy's head.
John went through the rest of the procedure, does it hurt if you lean this way? If I press my fingers here? Stand up and walk with your each leg touching the previous one. Reach your hands out like so. Do this, do that.
"Oh, I'd like to think so." She said happily, taking the coins he layed out on the counter and returning him his drink.
“So what did you do before you came to us, John?” Molly asked.
“Hm, no, don't think I have.” John shook his head.
The boy nodded slightly, clearly unsure, still frowning.
“Oh gosh! I’m sorry, Doctor.” Molly corrected nervously.
"Abel will get you your mattress soon as he knows you're here." Greg laughed, "Don't worry about it. Martha has the tendency to tell us things a bit last second.”
The younger boy, Milo, frowned and looked away, awkwardly attempting to cross his hands on his chest, while still holding onto a small plastic hoe.
The children, on their part, were very happy to report to her on just about anything they deemed ‘out of the ordinary’, from a fight breaking out to simply someone working too slow to their tastes.
still unsure what to do with this scene:
As he walked closer he noticed she was wearing a plain pink shirt and some oversized sweatpants, as well as a comically large sun hat. She looked adorable in the kind of cliché sense of the word.
The older woman looked at him warmly, "it's Mrs Hudson near the children, love," she corrected with laughter in her voice.
“Yea.” he said, slightly louder now. “It's my heads. It hurts, a lot!” he explained, most traces of his previous embarrassment hidden by the need to carefully explain his headache.
He couldn't help but muse over the memories. It was something of an intense experience, but more so it was really just his whole life. Memories from before his service seemed scarce, even while he was serving, perhaps due to having started very young. He started his medical studies straight out of highschool, continued to his combat training, and before he knew it his whole life centered at the base. His troop, his friends, his work.
The universe wouldn’t put them together for no purpose.
“Mike… told me.” Sherlock isn’t sure whether that’s just a beginning of the sentence or if Stamford really
“No, hold on right there,” John says, getting closer to him. Sherlock can’t back away any farther. “And fucking
comes back home with grocery the moment John walks out of the building.
—They say simultaneously.
He can almost pinpoint the moment John’s heart starts beating quicker.
"Another one of your bloody jokes. You’re just trying to make me say something nice.”
He can hear John repeat his name louder and louder and then his vision goes blank and there’s nothing.
“Of course it would.
Molly enters the Bart’s laboratory without knocking. Sherlock pretends he doesn’t notice her.
“God, what will my husband do…” the woman sobs quietly.
John smiles warmly.
John goes up first. Sherlock follows half a minute after him, shutting the door to 221B behind him as silently as possible. John’s already by the window with his head bowed, and Sherlock knows what’s coming.
“I’ll let her know. Take care, mate.”
Time will cure… whatever is happening to him.
known.”
"Did I do it wrong?”
“You’re okay?”
"Greg. And step away from my car, Sherlock.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Besides, how do you know where I live? It’s confidential.” Sherlock only stares at him. As if Lestrade didn’t know him. "And what are you doing here so early in the morning, for god’s sake?”
“I don’t know. Could it?” Sherlock says, barely a reply, not looking at John.
Sherlock holds his gaze.
“Why haven’t you ever said anything, you idiot?” he breathes between kisses.
“Your point being?” Sherlock snaps. “Just to traditionally humiliate me or is there some sort of hidden motive I’m not seeing?”
Sherlock blinks the tears away, unnecessary now. John, of course, doesn’t notice.
. John has no idea about the scars he bears outside and down the centre of him as a reminder of everything he’s done for him. He doesn’t know that all Sherlock’s dreams have been of him since the moment they met, he doesn’t know that every morning Sherlock wakes up with a still living memory of everything that never happened, or that he thinks about him everywhere, anytime, all the time, that he can no longer eat or even breathe normally when—
“Sherlock,” he starts slowly.
"Who’s Gavin?”
He’s discharged from hospital two weeks later. John insists on taking his bag and offers his arm so Sherlock can hold onto something, and Sherlock is too tired to argue, so he just takes whatever John offers and doesn’t think about any possible repercussions it’ll have on him.
“Since he doesn’t feel
"All the hidden romantics hate weddings,” John says.
For a moment, silence falls between them. John meets his eyes and nibbles his lower lip, and Sherlock knows what he’s about to say, and he can’t let him say that just yet. His
He shoves his hands in his pockets, though he suspects she’s already seen they’re trembling, and briskly walks away. Not daring to look back.
John blinks.
It’s heavy and it’s difficult and it’s raw and honest, and it’s perfect, it’s abidingly perfect.
On the very tip of his tongue he had:
He hears quiet crying and frowns.
Lestrade leads them inside an old dosshouse and Sherlock can almost physically
worse, more unbearable, but he can’t cut John from his life just now. He needs a couple of weeks more, maybe a month or two; he’ll celebrate every moment, every given opportunity, he’ll hang on every word he says, he’ll quiet it down and then melt away somewhere between one meeting and the one that will never happen.
When he composes himself after a moment and lifts his eyes to meet Sherlock’s for the first time, Sherlock sees tears in them.
"I forbid you to say anything.”
to do it, after all.
"Oh, then I suppose Gavin should do well.”
Days pass imperceptibly on natural domestic conversation and simple actions; soon they turn into weeks, and these into months – but John stops counting time.
John doesn’t hide his surprise.
“We’ve already decided. I want you to be a part of his life, Sherlock, not just daddy’s friend.” Sherlock doesn’t answer. He doesn’t even know if he can bring out any words anymore. “Would you like to visit us next week?”
“Would you want it to be like that?”
The flat’s door is open. Sherlock stands next to the window; he doesn’t move even though he must have heard John walk in. John places his suitcase down and only then does Sherlock turn around. Sherlock takes John’s damp coat and hangs it on the chair next to the heater to dry, and then stands in front of John. John looks right at him, but their eyes don’t really meet; they still linger around each other, when Sherlock speaks:
"Greg,” he shakes his head, amused, "is a friend, but it’s you—” He stops. Sherlock sighs mentally. "You’re my best friend, Sherlock.”
John looks at him shortly and then leaves to his bedroom. Sherlock doesn’t say anything.
"For how long?” She looks him in the eye.
“I love you. I love you, Sherlock, I love you so much.”
"Say what you must, Mycroft, and leave,” Sherlock mumbles finally, opening his eyes to look at his brother.
It’s like gazing at a distant star.
Sherlock presses a tissue to his bleeding, almost certainly broken nose, watching John get in a cab without offering him even a single gaze. A minute later the cab drives away.
The rain rings hollowly outside. Big raindrops fall down and trickle to the nearest ditches. John is packing quickly, not thinking about anything. The ability to gather the most necessary things into one bag has remained since his time in Afghanistan, but in this moment, he’s not thinking about it. He closes the lid of the suitcase, grips the handle and leaves, passing Mary without a word, not closing the door behind him.
He’s been writing his wedding speech for two weeks, changing words repeatedly to make it sound as ordinary as possible, a "hey-we’re-just-friends” sort of thing.
Sometimes, when he’s working at St. Bart’s, he goes out to smoke in the morgue. He listens to people crying, looks at their tears.
“This case would take up to three months, add or take two weeks. Far from London, far from—“
“Let me through,” he repeats, only a bit stronger.
Eventually, he kneels down and takes Sherlock’s trousers and pants down in one move, and then their lips meet again in a long, passionate kiss. Sherlock ends it roughly and darts away, breathing heavily, listening to John’s rapid breath.
John agrees. Sherlock asks about the honeymoon and their trip. John doesn’t mention Mary or the baby too often. Sherlock starts to suspect that maybe, just maybe, John sees more than he thought.
He wishes he could just lift John onto the sofa and lie down by his side, wrap his arms and legs around him and just breathe, breathe in his scent and his devotion until his lungs aren’t ruined anymore and his eyes aren’t dried out of forgotten tears, until he stops feeling so fucking
Sherlock smiles. Questions run through his mind, questions he’ll never ask, although he suspects John will see through his mask and maybe, in his mind, give the answers he’ll never say out loud.
“Holmes,” he says flatly.
It doesn’t.
John crushes their lips together and Sherlock feels his want and need course through his touch, pouring into his bloodstream, making him come alive, clearing all his thoughts. Sherlock’s hips thrust involuntarily because he needs that friction and it’s not enough, he needs John closer. John nibbles Sherlock’s ear lightly.
Sherlock dare not say a word but he can’t look away from John’s piercing gaze, and maybe that’s what makes John do the math. For a moment, it’s eerily quiet. They both hold their breath.
He runs into the fire without hesitation. He takes John out of the flames, his name still his only thought. Maybe he keeps saying it aloud, he doesn’t know.
Sherlock never finds John in this or any other universe.
John is happy. So he should be, too.
Mycroft huffs, irritated. He understood the allusion. Sherlock expected no less.
Twenty-three days pass. Sherlock wonders if he is ever going to stop counting them so neurotically.
He takes a quick shower, trying to stabilise his breath before he comes out to confront John’s decision.
“Are you…?” Sherlock lowers his gaze immediately. John’s eyes wander on his face. Sherlock isn’t sure if only alcohol is to blame.
“I want you,” Sherlock whimpers, his mouth completely dry. John leans over and meets his lips again and the kiss is soft, but passionate. When they break apart, Sherlock looks into John’s eyes again. “Tell me you want me, John.”
Sherlock shuts his eyes and pretends he fell asleep. He foolishly anticipates John will brush his hand with his finger or pull a stranded lock from his forehead so he can feel the warmth of John’s body on his skin, all over him, and he waits and waits and waits, but it’s still unbearably cold and lonely when he actually dozes off.
Sherlock has
“I’ll call her and invite her to the Christmas dinner at my parent’s. I think it’ll be for the best if you two talk on neutral grounds,” Sherlock says flatly, without a single pause, without any emotion.
“Sherlock, I’m sorry, I didn’t want to—”
"Just giving it a go.”
"This going to be your new arrangement, is it?” he asks quietly so that Molly can’t hear them.
God, would he.
John leaves to get some groceries and Mycroft takes that precise moment to pay him a visit. Sherlock doesn’t even have to look at him to know what it’s all about.
“John, you are allowing emotion to cloud your judgement—”
John rolls over, throws the used condom away and then lies back by his side. He smiles and Sherlock can’t help but do the same for him. He can’t possibly think of anything to say that wouldn’t stain this fragile, papier-mâché situation with unnecessary sentiments; but John doesn’t seem to mind the silence. He pops up on one elbow and just looks down on his face, caressing his arm with his thumb gently. His eyes are soft, his expression relaxed, all the tension gone from his body; it’s so easy to imagine him say these words. The dim light spills through the half-closed door from the living room and all Sherlock can hear is his own heartbeat and their mixed breathing. It’s too easy to imagine John saying that.
Sherlock knows when John stops wearing the wedding ring: it’s after he shot the murderer, after their second case since John moved back in at Baker Street.
“For what?” John asks immediately as if he was expecting Sherlock would say these words.
is so quiet that it barely reaches John, but by how his posture changes, how he tenses for a second, Sherlock deduces he heard him. He doesn’t reply and Sherlock doesn’t expect him to do so. It only matters that John doesn’t bring up the wedding topic.
When they enter the room and Sherlock sees the corpse, all other worries and regrets cease to matter. He’s hooked.
Sherlock yearns to hear “amazing” from John’s mouth again, just once, but it never comes. Hope slowly vaporises out of him until he’s left completely drained. John doesn’t say anything and Sherlock realises bringing him there was a mistake and that realisation terrifies him.
Mycroft shoots him a short look and sits down in Sherlock’s chair.
“Why does Sherlock think I’ll be moving back in here?”
Or maybe they learn each other anew. John is free and wants to forgive, and Sherlock doesn’t have to pretend he doesn’t care. Maybe John moves back to Baker Street and maybe their knees touch again, until one lazy evening John’s hand covers his; and none of them say anything. John doesn’t say a word when Sherlock rests his head on his shoulder; his fingers automatically entwine in his soft, dark hair, and Sherlock gives in to his touch. Maybe their eyes lock and it breaks something in both of them, and their lips touch gently, carefully, examining one another. John closes his eyes, tasting him like wine, and the burden is gone from Sherlock’s chest, replaced only with the feeling of
His brother sits down in a chair that John should be sitting in, and remains silent for a while, his eyes never leaving Sherlock.
He couldn’t do it. He wouldn’t dare to destroy John’s chance for a happy life, for children and a family he’s always dreamt of. Sherlock won’t tell him the truth, and John will never find out. He’ll watch John fall slowly into his new life, belong to it more and more, until their shared past will become just uncomfortable memory and a hollow talk when they bump into each other on a street "accidentally”, because Sherlock would break and he’d start following him again. There were many scenarios but he should have known that they will all come down to this point, in the end. Does the path they’ve travelled here matter? Hardly.
He surrenders, he knows he surrenders.
“You should go to sleep.”
“How is she?” Sherlock asks one time, sitting in the dark, after John closes the door behind him.
"Maybe I shouldn’t have indeed.” He stands up and goes to the window, stopping by the chair that used to belong to John for a spare of seconds. "But you can’t possibly know that.”
Mycroft gauges him with his eyes and then a smile slowly twists his lips.
“John, you’re—” He doesn’t finish. John’s soft lips touch his. John kisses him delicately, with no hurry, as if they had all the time in the world, and Sherlock’s eyelids fall involuntarily. John lightly sucks and nips at his lower lip and Sherlock opens his mouth wider, letting him in farther. Their tongues barely touch, only learning each other now, and then repentance strikes him like thunder and he draws away, still perched on his knees. John looks at him astounded. “—drunk,” he finishes the sentence with one out of two possibilities, because he just couldn’t bring himself to say
“It was the most efficient method.”
It only happens once. Only once.
”I did not realise that was a goodbye.”
Solving crimes, deducing the criminals’ intent, following their actions step by step: it’s always cleared his mind. He used to make a performance out of his work, he used to elevate it to the status of art. It’s been more than a profession, more than a job. He used to be the only one in control, the master of his own game, the strongest pawn. His body used to respond to his work like to a challenge, sending a signal to the adrenal glands to release the adrenaline. It all used to matter.
"Yeah, my best friend,” John assures him. He must have heard something in Sherlock’s voice and mistaken it for doubt. Well. Sherlock supposes that’s the least painful possibility. "Will you agree to be my best man?”
He shrugs. What else is he supposed to say? They both know the story.
“We have certain suspicions that our MPs in Brussels could have been… bribed,” Mycroft starts without preamble. “The Prime Minister has personally asked to bring this matter to your attention.”
Finally, they back him into a dead end. The man shoots and Sherlock pulls John down; John’s gut instinct is faster and before the suspect manages to shoot again, John reaches for his gun and takes one precise shot. The gun falls out of the suspect’s hand as he writhes around in pain, covering the shot wound on his arm. John can only hear the police car halting sharply right next to him and Sherlock and the police officers run to the shot killer. John takes a deeper breath, closing his eyes, and when he opens them again, Sherlock is in front of him with his hand extended in his direction. John takes it without a word and Sherlock helps him get up, not letting go of his hand for a moment; or maybe it’s John who’s holding onto it desperately, squeezing his fingers around it, not letting Sherlock’s reassuring presence disappear — he doesn’t know.
“No what?” John felt like he was going to split apart into a million confused pieces.
“And you are not …” No, not that one. Sherlock quickly shut his mouth and turned away, face hot with shame. There was nothing that made John more defensive than someone claiming that he was gay, and to joke about that was definitely “not good”.
Mortal heart
Her hand shook as she finally drank her coffee. It didn’t matter that Mycroft hadn’t mentioned a single thing about Sherlock being in danger, she still felt the panic clawing at the fringes of her mind. She needed a distraction. Before she could change her mind, Molly pulled up Lestrade’s contact and pressed the call button.
I know the shape of my heart
He hadn’t heard from John until the next morning, but when the call came, it had been glorious, and what John said was totally unexpected. Sherlock had been ready to distract him from his next nightmare and had prepared a number of suitable topics that could make John laugh if discussed the right way. But John was already laughing, and rambling incoherently about a house and a job and Mycroft and Rosie. Eventually, Sherlock had been forced to threaten to call Lestrade in to help.
Once they were done, Sherlock turned off the lamp in the window, picked Rosie up in his arms and stood back from the tree to let her take in the sight of the tree glistening in the dark.
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock hummed and nodded.
Her friends had shrieked again, one of them slapping the table.
“Again: you will do no such thing!” John’s smile returned. “But I will not stop you from tricking her into telling the story tomorrow at Christmas lunch. I’d love to see Mycroft squirm.”
“Lestrade.”
Molly felt her skin go ice cold. There was probably a polite response that was expected at this point in a phone call, but she had absolutely no idea what it could be.
Sherlock joined him inside the door to the living room.
Then, suddenly, John grabbed Sherlock by the neck, squeezing roughly and pushing his forehead against the cupboard door. His hand was not trembling anymore.
“I don’t think life as a GP and a single parent is working very well for him. Maybe he would do better with a job with more flexible hours. And more — adrenaline.”
A fine thread had been holding John’s temper back since he left the pub, and now he could feel it breaking in his chest. It felt good, in a way. Cathartic. “You have been exploiting Mrs Hudson’s kindness again, haven’t you?”
“Molly Hooper.”
“I’m not making any promises,” Sherlock smirked.
Thank you for reading, and merry Christmas!
“Not really.”
“JOHN!” Sherlock had yelled. “What are you talking about!”
John looked up at Sherlock, surprised. “You have nightmares?” He had never even thought of Sherlock and nightmares.
“Yes, I know.” Sherlock looked up at him, eyes suddenly full of compassion. “That’s why I didn’t tell you. She was never going to let you be a father if you took my side. I had to try to make sure she stayed with you.”
Suddenly, her phone rang, vibrating in her hand. An unknown number. Could it be Lestrade, calling from an office phone somewhere?
“Yes. Thank you.” Sherlock’s shoulders lowered a tiny bit, as if he was relaxing a little under John’s hand.
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
“Apparently, the one we need to thank is Mrs Hudson. I wish I could have been there to see her sorting Mycroft out.”
“What are you talking about?”
“You do that thing with your face. You drain all emotion from your face so that you look almost like a statue.”
He contemplated how to respond so as not to scare Sherlock away. This could be a step forward for both John and Sherlock, not to mention an opportunity for himself. Maybe having John in a suitable job would help bring Sherlock into a more meaningful line of business.
“If my Irregulars prove correct—of which they rarely fail to do—Lord and Lady Hamilton have spent the afternoon at home. Any status on guests under their roof was more difficult to uncover, however the eyes I employed to keep watch upon the estate stated that the carriage remained in its parked position for the rest of the evening after our departure last night. With this information before me, I could do little but to conclude that McGraw did not return to his lodgings yesterday, and it appears he has yet to return to them still.”
“Thank you, John. Your aid has been invaluable to us, even all these years later. I hope you know this.”
Reynolds: In your business with Mr. Perry, has he indicated any fraying moral behaviour?
“Mr. Silver,” Thomas spoke, turning around to look at the man. It felt like the continuation of a conversation the two of them had started hours ago. Something passed between the two men, something that buzzed like an electric charge in the air. James seemed oblivious to it, dead to the world outside Thomas, where his face was buried in his shoulder.
“Exactly how much debt is your husband in, Miss Guthrie? Or should I say, Mrs. Rogers?”
“Good,” I turned to look at Silver’s face, surprised that this had come from him. There was anger there, anger that I had not expected to see replace his mild, cheery disposition. I realised again that John Silver was a man of depth and complexity that I had not yet begun to understand. “Yet one thing eludes me, Mr. Holmes. How was Lord Ashe aware of the Captain— of Flint’s movements?”
Within the occupied seats at the head of this event were two men. One with long, auburn hair—neatly gathered in a queue—a firm, determined jaw, and clad in what was unmistakably a Royal Navy Lieutenant’s uniform. Even as he was seated, his back was as straight as a bow, a habit I had only seen in other men with a military background. In the fire-lit parlour, I could see the bright green eyes under a somewhat furrowed brow. If my knowledge did not betray me, I assumed this to be none other than Lieutenant James McGraw, the very man who Lady Hamilton had taken into her bed. It surprised me to see him here—for would this not be much like a murderer returning to the scene of the crime?—but for all his rigid discipline, McGraw did not appear uncomfortable or out of place. Quite the contrary, he looked rather at home in the Hamiltons’ residence, and at Lord Hamilton’s side. While I could not readily discern much from his stern expression alone, the letter read in Baker Street earlier that day lingered in my mind. Much of the same embarrassment I felt upon meeting Lady Hamilton returned to me, feeling as though I was intruding into a world of private passions I should not have been privy to. It astounded me how this stern-looking, sea-hardened man could have penned the poetic words of devotion that Holmes and myself had read just this morning.
Holmes was not in Baker Street by the time of my return—around four—so I elected to occupy myself with notating some aspects of the case. Perhaps a detached, bulleted list of events would remove my feelings from the matter enough to prepare for the incognito work Holmes and I were about to embark upon.
“Moreover, Lady Hamilton’s respectful tone and kind words painted a very different picture from the one presented by the Earl. I am sure you would agree, Watson, considering your experience of the luncheon yourself and Mary shared with her. The Lady’s words all appeared to be sourced from genuine emotion toward each individual she spoke with but none more so than her husband. I observed the several brief interactions between them, Watson. No phrase or affirmation from Lady Hamilton was out of place, no look or single word seemed to be filled with some nefarious purpose. Indeed, all I observed was a woman who held a great love and admiration for the young Lord. I have spent nearly two decades in the work of detection, my dear doctor, and consider myself rather skilled in the art of unveiling nefarious intent behind a welcoming face. For the life of me, I could not locate a manipulative soul beneath the eyes of Lady Hamilton. This can lead to some fascinating convictions indeed. Tell me, Watson, what did your interaction with Lieutenant McGraw reveal for you?”
I could not tell if Holmes’ comment came from a place of harsh implication, or genuine support. Knowing what I did of him, I imagined it was the latter, yet I appeared to be living my existence on edge in a manner I had not done in years. Every minor word out of place sparked terror in my heart, shattering my hopes at composure. I no longer felt to be a level-headed member of this detective partnership, and feelings such as that were unwelcome in work sensitive as this.
The following events unfolded in such rapid pace, that neither I nor Holmes could do anything to prevent them. In the very blink of an eye, Lieutenant McGraw was upon the officer, the two of them clutched in what looked to be a bloody, violent brawl. McGraw clearly had the upper hand, and was the more skilled fighter of the two. While the shorter man had clearly managed to land at least a punch on him—for McGraw’s face was certainly bloodied—the man I had grown to know as a quiet, stern Lieutenant now fought like the devil himself was driving him. His fist rose and fell, and rose, and fell, and even from where we were sitting, I could see how his knuckles collided with the other man’s nose and broke the bone.
“I have not known James in any intimate manner since our first introduction, Thomas, as you know. Our brief interactions have often been laden with tension, distrust, or outright hostility. However, I have spent these last few months planning your rescue beside him, and I have seen now first hand the responses he has toward both your loss and your return. I have been left uncertain of many things since your father first came to me with his case, but not once have I questioned the truth behind James’ devotion to you. It did not waver when you were taken, and it has not wavered since. A change in career, or a change of a life could not wish to alter it. I doubt the end of civilisation itself would alter it.”
“Please meet me upstairs in five minutes to discuss the schematics of tonight,” was all he said. I complied without hesitation. After finishing my chapter, and placing my empty mug at the bar, I ventured upstairs to the room not occupied by Mary and Miranda. Inside, I found James and Silver seated around a small round table, most likely brought up from the tavern. Atop it lay what looked like a map, as well as various other documents I could not read from my place at the door.
“I am so glad that we are seeing eye to eye, Mr. Holmes,” Eleanor jeered at us with a slick grimace. It was so unlike the expression I saw about her just hours before, I wondered if this woman was even the same one that served me an Earl Grey that very morning.
I had no idea what funds Holmes spoke of in that moment, nor how he managed to uncover the location of them. I doubted that anyone in that room knew, save himself. And yet, every eye in the place was on him, hanging onto his every word.
“To what, my dear Watson, do you refer? I was being nothing if not cordial with our guest,” he deflected, but a knowing grin spread across his cheek. I ignored the familiar, glimmering eyes sent my way in favour of engaging my curiosity.
did you think was going to happen?” James exploded, which was impressive, considering a man twice his height had an arm around his neck.
“You knew of my persuasion, Holmes. You must have, after James and Thomas. There was no hiding it any longer, certainly not from you.”
“Oh, I know that very well Mrs. Barlow, and she herself reminds me of it every day, I must say. And you Sir must be none other than Dr. John Watson, famed biographer!” I nodded and shook his hand in confirmation. It did not escape my notice that he seemed to know all our names before we had said them. “Your stories are quite popular across the pond as well, you know.”
“Ah, yes, of course, of course. Well, I wished to see you all the same, even if you cannot regale me with new engagements at Baker Street.”
Holmes and I stared at her, however something brightened up on Silver’s face when he saw her. He struggled to his feet as quickly as he could, hindered by his peg leg.
“You’re not in a position to make demands, Mr. Flint.”
“Remarkable indeed,” I replied, mesmerised, and if Sherlock knew that I was not speaking of the sunrise at all, he said not a word. We just sat there, at the end of this long night, hand in hand, bathed by the early morning light.
sent me one year prior, Mr. Flint, but I did not believe his connection to you or the Hamiltons to be of relevance to his missing daughter. I did, of course, look into his deeds when you made me aware of him, though nothing of interest came up—he was a widowed man, raising his only daughter, and had recently come into a high-level appointment at Whitehall, which was not surprising due to his political achievements. But, now that I sat in his home and drank his tea, I observed something rather uncomfortably familiar in his parlour. An ornate, wooden clock upon his mantlepiece, with gold plated hands.”
“My identity is a well kept secret when I travel on work matters in Britain and the continent, Mr. Holmes. I would much prefer it to remain so,” she said evenly. “In our company, I am happy to be merely known as Madi.” She walked to James’ other side, where he enveloped her in a one-armed hug. “It is good to see you too, Captain. Now may we please all take a seat before you have fallen over yourself. I have many things I need to tell you.”
you knew where we were,” James spoke first. “The last time I saw you, you were vandalising segregated signage in Virginia.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Silver picked up the letter and paused for a split second—contemplating whether or not to read it?—before handing it back to Holmes.
At his words, the three men who were hovering around froze and turned to look at my friend as one. Their hands went to the impressive guns hanging off their belts. Silver also seemed shocked, however Miss Scott raised a hand at her men in a definitive gesture.
“I… cooked it?” Silver replied with a grin, immediately shedding the Scots and now speaking with a fairly indistinguishable English accent. If there was a reason for the deception, I could not discover it before they continued talking—however it troubled me that this man seemed to be capable of lying so easily about something so basic.
It read:
“May I kiss you, Holmes?”
“What is it?” I asked after a still moment passed.
“Eleanor hated it when I used to do that,” he said with a vicious kind of joy that I did not fully comprehend. The histories between all these people were much more complicated than I realised, yet there was little time to unravel them.
I was about to ask him what it was that had shaken him so, when I felt everything inside me freeze. For Lieutenant McGraw was looking directly at us.
She gave me a wry smile. “To be honest with you, I thought I may have to. I knew there was no way Miranda could return to London. And I would not be parted from her ever again. So I already said my goodbyes, darling. To me, a home is not a place. I discovered this long ago. My home is where she is.”
Wishing to spare James the pain, I spoke up instead. “A friend most dear to us was imprisoned, some years ago,” I swallowed dryly around the anxiety in my chest. “All we want is to find where he is and—” And what? What were we planning to do? Rescue him? As much as I wished to, I still felt it to be a fool’s errand, in a way. “And ensure that he is all right.”
Then, it passed. James nodded, his face blanched, and he leaned heavier on Silver’s good side.
I knew he could tell I was diminishing the significance of my injuries for his sake, but he did not mention it in the moment. Instead, James complied, twisting his body towards me the way I directed it. His muscles were so tense I was afraid they would snap the second I touched him.I began preparing a suture needle after cleaning the surrounding area of his wound. The bullet was nowhere to be seen, but the damage left behind was undeniable.
Before one of us could voice those concerns,  a clear voice bearing a broad Scots accent boomed toward us from the kitchen door.
“You have gone to great lengths to continue my work over the years. You have helped many men, who would have otherwise faced fates worse than mine had you not intervened,” Thomas explains gently. “You have ensured James’ safety and brought me back to him, unharmed. You have just now reassured me that James’ feelings for me are unchanged. I would say this is plenty to be thankful for, Mr. Holmes.”
Hamilton: Angus Perry is a man of high morals, and is greatly revered by well respected men, including myself. In all my interactions with him, I have seen nothing but a kind and admirable figure.
“Oh, but I do not mean it in a reproachful way, not in the slightest.” Miranda turned to us with a charming, beautiful smile. “Thomas would only question your views and ideas out of love and care. It is in his nature to seek freedom for everyone, and sometimes he will attempt to free you even from yourselves. It is very much how he won me over all those years ago. Half a decade of marriage—and I am yet to tire of this quality of his.”
M. Stamford
I could not defy the request of such a lilting voice belonging to a man I cared so much for. I attempted to curl toward him for a brief grasp at the closeness we shared the night before, but instead I was met with fabric being thrown in my direction. Of course, I would be a fool to say his restlessness was not expected.
We solemnly made our way back to Baker Street after another quarter hour observing the Hamilton home. I elected to spend the night in my old rooms within 221B, rather than trek back to my lodgings with Mary. I knew it would be of no concern on her part, as such an act was common enough in recent months. The warmth of our parlour was most welcome after the chill of the London evening.
James leaned back in his chair, breathing heavily. “But then— the transport route—”
“Well, Holmes, what do you make of the room? You have spent quite some time pondering it now.” I spoke in jest, but the question was genuine.
“Her father, Lord Richard Guthrie, is the owner of the property, is he not? Remember how I referenced just how wide Peter Ashe’s grasp on British society was?”
I do not miss you in the same way I did when I thought you dead. Now, rather, I think of all the glorious adventures you continue on with in my absence. I think of the rare moments when you have invited me along, and how they are a mere blip into the scope of your fantastical life. To be privy to any of it is a gift, but it does allow my daydreams to run wild with possibility. Do you enjoy your time away from me? Are you thankful to not have the limping, curious presence of a burdened man at your feet?
I finished stitching up James’ shoulder before all the air in my lungs vanished with the nonexistent wind. He said this as though this projected happy ending for Holmes and I was inevitable with this knowledge in my hands. As though the only thing preventing it before this moment was my own foolish mind. I fetched a fresh bandage from my medical bag with shaking hands.
“All right, I will do as you ask.” I prayed that the dim lighting within the parlour was enough to cover the deadened expression on my face.
Thomas only sits and watches Sherlock, his gaze careful and kind as it always was. He is silent. He also waits.
“Excellent! Let us reconvene here, come evening, to bring about any new developments. Now, be gone, Watson, we have an adventure before us!”
“You’ve got a stool pigeon in your ranks,” Vane grunted, his eyes fixed on the road ahead. “Someone betrayed your plan.”
As disconcerted as I was by this, I was unable to ignore my Hippocratic Oath and therefore I attended the Gaol surgery to inspect the ailments of one Mr. Hamilton. The gentleman in question seemed severely underfed and underslept, which I was informed was due to his recovery from a recent bout of dysentery. I have suspicions as to the truthfulness of this statement as I have known guards at Reading Gaol to refuse food to troublesome inmates. I was asked to examine a head wound of minor severity and that had caused no concussion—a wound that Mr. Hamilton had, reportedly, inflicted upon himself.
so much as a colleague by obligation,” James sneered, but there was no venom in it. I could not tell if that lack of bite in his words was caused by exhaustion, or by a hidden affection for Silver, but any attempts at discovering the truth behind that were a waste of time at the moment. James McGraw was a difficult enough man to get through the layers of, but it appeared that James Flint was infinitely more complicated to unveil.
He jumped into the hold carriage and, through the noises around us, I clearly heard four gunshots echo through its metal walls. James’ face got impossibly paler and Silver’s hold on him tightened. I squeezed my eyes shut and slowly counted to ten.
“When we met, you told me of how deeply you disdained your father’s work, and how keen you were to dismantle his hold on you,” James said, as though just now beginning to quell the urge to scream. “Would you care to enlighten me as to what changed?”
I admit, I did maintain some acquaintances with military histories from my visits to the Criterion Bar, but few of those I spoke to were tied to the Navy, nevermind active officers.
The courtroom gallery buzzed with life as the final witnesses took the stand, especially after the strong accusations the defense made toward the prosecution just one day prior. There were no women present
. In the drawer are several extremely sensitive documents and letters, with the names and addresses of several dozen men. Doctor Watson should retrieve these letters and, if he finds it appropriate, share them with his colleague. They would only be safe in his hands.”
It was a gorgeous, late summer morning in 1894, early in the month of June. My dear friend Sherlock Holmes had returned to his work of detection just a few months prior, after his… rather unfortunate hiatus brought on by unforeseen circumstances with one Professor Moriarty. Despite my lodgings now existing elsewhere, I found myself spending many a day in my old rooms at Baker Street. Few members of the English public were so aware as to Holmes’ return, as many had only heard of his apparent demise within the last eighteen months or so through my rather dramatic account in the Strand. As such, his work had come to an—according to the man himself—unacceptable drawl.
That being true, the mention of Holmes’ absence formed a sore physical reminder in my chest for a breath of a moment. I was grateful that she did not inquire further about such a painful time in my life.
“I do wish you would allow me some decadence from time to time, John. There need not be an occasion for a husband and wife to have an afternoon lunch together!”
Around ten o’clock, many of the guests began to depart from the Hamilton estate, concluding their final thoughts on Thomas’ readings as they walked out the door. He would engage them until the very moment they passed through the threshold, sometimes after. Lady Hamilton was immersed in a discussion with my Mary, as Holmes sauntered around the back of the parlour. Lieutenant McGraw, now standing, maintained his post at the hearth, though I could swear I caught him peering toward the foyer from time to time, cautious of Thomas’ every move. I elected to occupy myself with my friend before attempting an introduction with the officer.
And with that, this marks the end of our intermission! Starting Thursday, we will be posting with our regular schedule and sharing Act Two of the fic. I hope you enjoy!
Holmes’ thoughts trailed off uncharacteristically as he met James’ eyes. Something unspoken passed through them, silent but powerful. There was a minute nod of James’ head, one that could have been missed by a less observant man.
“John.” Sherlock’ fingers gently touch the back of John’s hand, and John looks toward him. “It is alright.” Then, he meets Thomas’ eyes. “Lord Hamilton.”
At this, James began pacing about the small room with his hand on his head. His breaths quickened, and Holmes took pause in his story for a moment. I could do little but watch as Holmes’ truth unraveled before us, and tore James apart. Silver, on his part, seemed to be ruminating, filling in gaps of the story that had been unknown to him before. He looked at James.
“I-I’m sorry, I did not—” I attempted, but was interrupted as his lips crashed into mine with fervour. There was an intensity behind this new kiss that was less present in the first—as though Holmes was trying to pour two decades of feeling into one touch. When he released me, our eyes met for me to see the fire now burning within him.
“Why would you help me?” was all she asked, her eyes still fixed on Holmes.
“I hope you do not mind, ladies, if I was to steal Doctor Watson for a glass of port in the parlour instead?”
Somehow, every word from Holmes worsened the fear bubbling within me. If my wife shared this concern, it was unreadable on her face. The terror swirled around my heart like a viper, ready to strike at any moment. If what Holmes said was true, the journey to the Hamilton estate was, undoubtedly, a doomed one.
“You thought he was in love with me.”
“That fact only motivates me to ask more questions. What about that letter gave you such a radical change of heart?”
It’s a secluded holiday house for wealthy nobles who wish to remain unseen by the adoring public. I have... visited it once or twice on professional business,” Silver explained, though the way in which he referenced his profession was loaded with a connotation I could not comprehend. James gave him a long, hard look for a few seconds, but continued to explain.
“Absolutely not,” James cut across.
“Ah, well, I am rather glad his return has been joyous. My husband and I are avid readers of your stories and have been through them all at least half a dozen times now. So, should you ever feel so inclined to return to the serials, count two votes in their favour,” she spoke with a casualty so rare in those of her social stature. Had I not been aware of her familial ties, I may have doubted her title. The tone of her speech was not unwelcome, however.
Max gestured towards Rackham and Vane, who were now sharing the bottle of alcohol Mary had brought for James’ wounds. “The two ruffians who formed your… rescue party of arguable success are Charles Vane and Jack Rackham.”
A buzz of laughter came from several directions. Mary, handkerchief in hand, wiped her eyes of the lingering tears there as James tore himself away from his lover, slow and methodical. Silver approached him and reached to touch James’ elbow but seemed to think better of it. Mary hugged Thomas herself and I approached him then, feeling weak in the knees. Thomas seemed dazed—for how overwhelming this must all be for him, after five years of complete isolation and bone-crushing loneliness—but his face broke into a wide smile as he saw me.
Despite the scandalous nature of the young Lord’s words, Judge Reynolds appeared to trust Hamilton’s testimony—as did the jury. After two hours deliberation, the commonwealth jurors reached the conclusion that Viscount Wilfred Henderson was GUILTY of robbery and libel against Mr. Angus Perry.
Mary stood, squeezing my shoulder in thanks. “I will show you where the rooms are. There should be enough for all of us, however—”
At first, I had intended for my record of the Hamilton affair to join the numerous accounts of my adventures alongside Sherlock Holmes in The Strand. Given Holmes’ initial intrigue and excitement with the case presented before us, I was certain that it would delight the many avid followers of my famous friend’s exploits. Oh, how dramatically have our circumstances changed since. Nevertheless, I find myself compelled to record this remarkable course of events for my own private memoir if nothing else, in the hope that one day—once the lives of those involved are not in mortal danger—this rather exceptional story will touch someone’s heart as it has so touched mine.
“Hello,” Silver waved. “I am, indeed, the eyes.”
“Was I to believe you would wear your new summer suit solely to spend the afternoon upon our chaise lounge?”
Mary squeezed my forearm gently. “I will go fetch some tea for you all, dear. I am sure I will be able to muster some food for our guests from the kitchen, too.”
Despite the fact that he was barely standing, James threw us a poisonous look. “I am not
He offered the letter to Holmes for further inspection, and I resisted the temptation to examine it myself. Enough impropriety had occurred in the previous moments, so I elected to return to my notes in the interim. A moment passed, and Holmes folded the letter back into its envelope, placing it in his own breast pocket.
“Shut up.” Miss Guthrie—Mrs. Rogers—looked as if she was about to explode.
“Very astute observations on your behalf, Watson. Based on your account, I believe the next step in our plan must be to pursue an investigation into the very nature and purposes of Lieutenant McGraw. He would seem to hold a key to the chest with the answer to this mystery. While you were not stationed with the Navy yourself, would you happen to hold any contacts in veteran circles that could inform where Naval officers of his rank would spend leisure time?”
“Have you a given name, Miss Max?” I asked before I could stop myself. My words made Silver smile, for some reason.
here?”
Slowly, my eyes shifted away, and caught sight of Silver. He was staring at James and Thomas, mesmerised and unable to tear his gaze away, much like the rest of us. In his blue eyes, there was an intense hurt beneath the surface of delight. As joyous as he clearly was to see this happy ending, he also looked as if he were at a funeral, grieving the death of his true love. It did not take the skills of a detective to deduct what emotion was written all over John Silver’s face. James was too preoccupied, too dazed by Thomas’ presence, but if he could lift his face from where it was hidden in Thomas’ shoulder, he would see it too.
“Yes,” Sherlock interrupts. He does not wish to see Thomas struggle any further through the terror those memories must encapsulate. “You were in a place quite unlike mine, Thomas. To believe him in that moment was of no choice of yours. In my case, it was not for lack of information, nor helplessness. It was cowardice, and if I have learned anything in the last half decade, it is that to be a coward in the face of such things is inexcusable.”
Thomas swallowed and put his hand over that of his wife in an affectionate gesture. “Dearest, surely I am not so bad as to be reproached in this way in front of our guests?” His jovial tone and sparkling eyes indicated some kind of private joke between them.
Thomas raises a hand to interrupt Sherlock. “You misunderstand me, Mr. Holmes. I am not here to seek an apology from you. There is no forgiveness you need to seek from me and, even if there was need for it, I asked Miranda to convey this to you on the day I was taken. Did she not do so?”
A hush came over the table then, as all four of us seemed to lean in toward one another. In an effort to reduce the radius of the conversation, Mary came around to my side of the booth to listen closer. True, the tavern was run by people who were familiar to James, but the sensitivity of our task was palpable nonetheless.
I did not miss the way she said his name, lighter than James, yet I also did not fail to notice her use of the past tense.
James said nothing; I was too shocked to think of anything in response. With one last look at us, Vane took the gun Rackham handed to him and turned around.
When I willed myself to pull away, the faint lantern light from outside glimmered in Holmes’ eye.
Holmes took a puff from his pipe before responding to me, his eyes hooded in contemplation.
(See the end of the chapter for
Until we meet again, I remain your good friend,
Through my limited naval contacts, I was able to uncover a small list of potential public houses through London that any off-duty, retired, or high ranking naval officers may frequent. While it was not a clear confirmation of Lieutenant McGraw’s whereabouts on a night off, it could serve as a point of reference for which Holmes and I could explore.
Jack Rackham raised his chin in defiance. “I will take no comments from
“You gave Mrs. Rogers a false lead.”
too much time around Thomas, doctor. Even after half a decade, you sound exactly like him.” He pressed his forehead to his palm, his shoulders tense with a heavy emotion. “Dear Lord, I—”
in the manner I thought him to be suggesting. His expression was grim, with no whisper of humour behind it, as he met James’ pained stare. Was Holmes capable of it? Was he capable of murdering a man so devilish as Peter Ashe? Without a doubt in my mind, he was. He had done much the same to Professor Moriarty, and to Charles Augustus Milverton—though I may have reported differently on that matter. However, it was not something he did with a light hand. To kill another was something Sherlock Holmes did when no other option existed, and in this moment, I was convinced it was true of Lord Ashe.
“One of us ought’a keep watch,” Anne Bonny spoke for the first time since she had entered the room. “I’ll stay here.”
“On the day we received that letter, the one informing us of Thomas’ death, I could not stand the feeling of being in my own skin. I desperately wanted to forget it all, to become someone else, to die a death in all ways but physical. So, I went to the first molly house I could find, I threw money at the first man I saw and took him into a room.” James swallowed. “That man took one look at me and he produced a bottle of rum. ‘You do not need to fuck,’ he told me. ‘You need to drink and talk.’ So drink and talk I did, all through the night. That man was John Silver.” James’ mouth curled, whether in a scowl or in a smile I struggled to say. “Then, in the morning, I found that he had pickpocketed me out of a trading route for the next shipment of cotton I was planning to disrupt.”
I quickly started adorning myself in the clothing he threw my way, and looked to see that he was dressed in the majority of his suit, save for the waistcoat and jacket. On top of which, he wore his favourite blue silk dressing gown, lined with a rather delicate lace pattern. If I was less racked with the weariness of sleep interrupted, I may have commented on the rather feminine garment being yet another sign of Sherlock’s inclination that I missed.
Vane nodded and took the map out. Without a word, Anne turned around so he could spread it over her back. Just as I was about to join them in exploring it, Rackham’s voice sounded near me.
I could do little to help the aghast reaction across my face at Holmes’ words. A decade with this man at my side, and still his ability to stay one step ahead of me drew my unending attention. I glanced over at Mary to see a knowing smirk upon her, mirroring the look Holmes offered me just a moment before.
hissed through his teeth, and the air felt thick with the implication behind the statement.
“Doctor Watson, hello!” Silver welcomed with a bit less of the—I assumed—trademark glee than he held this morning. So complex an ordeal as this required a bit less charm and considerably more focus. “Please, have a seat.” He gestured to the empty chair beside him, and I sat down to gaze upon the delicate proceedings.
“I—” For a brief second, my words caught in my throat. The image already present in my mind replaced one of the poor souls I saw with an image of Thomas. A man such as him did not belong on the dirty floor of a train car, with half his mind left behind. I had seen, first hand, the brilliance he was capable of, and the sheer idea of that being ripped from him was somehow worse than when I had thought him dead. “It is not impossible.”
, and you’re asking if
if you didn’t shoot us as we’re trying to save you, thanks,” the voice of the first man who had approached the door came from my other side and took hold of me as James let me go. It held a slight lilt and poise in it, even in its urgency. I could not see the face of its owner through the smoke, however James seemed to believe it to be safe as I could see him leaning on another man through the haze. So I took a deep breath, took the hand offered to me and let myself be led outside the burning inferno.
Once inside the hansom, Mary inquired further of the nature of this case. The three of us traversing to a high society affair led me to reminisce of when Holmes and I made Mary’s acquaintance at first; a client in need of assistance in discovering the mystery of her inheritance. Many years had passed since then, and yet it never ceased to bring me joy at the thought. Now, the nostalgia of a past case may be little more than a justification for my mind to escape the fear of what was to come next.
shall be the crown jewel in his ever so varied body of work. For I am certain that the great philosopher is now approaching the sunset of his life, and it is natural for a man in such a position to wish to share the parts of his life that he deems made it worth living. I do so doubt that it is a work fuelled by ego, for is this not the man who wrote that ‘pride is at the bottom of all great mistakes?’ There are other reasons, dear fellow, why one would wish to turn to biographical writing in life.”
“We have yet to uncover who that someone may be, but the list of options is rather slim,” Jack explained. “
“They are
to see him. He made the rest of his way over to our booth and seated himself next to me, swapping his crutch in his other hand and squeezing himself in the tight spot with a surprising nimbleness. The exchange between Silver and James left me puzzled. I knew very little of James’ time abroad, but a Captain was not something I assumed of him to be. It was not possible for him to be so in a naval capacity, at least. Yet, Miranda seemed unsurprised by the moniker and I was curious as to what the story behind it was.
“The right one’s closer!” Silver yelled back.
“No, I cannot say I have. He told me he intended to meet me for breakfast this morning, so I imagine he will not be long.”
“Perhaps,” I finally interjected in this heated discussion with some trepidation. “We could leave the logistical discussions of the route and the rescue until the morning.”
I met Holmes’ eyes and nodded, in reassurance that I will be okay. Rackham let me lean on him as he led me to what I assumed was the cargo hold.
Holmes cleared his throat and a shadow settled upon his face. “I fear Lieutenant McGraw may well be more of a threat to the Hamiltons’ safety than just a simple affair—particularly to the young Lord. You witnessed the way he treated a fellow naval officer just for speaking one word against the Lady’s honour. What, indeed, would he do if Thomas was to discover his friend’s indiscretion, especially with his own wife? Would McGraw hesitate to hurt him, do you think? For I tell you Watson, the conversation between the Lieutenant and his superior left me in a particular distress.”
As I had some time allotted before I was to rendezvous with Holmes, Mary and I elected to walk through Hyde Park to enjoy the summer air.
“I will contact you within the fortnight with my findings,” Holmes affirmed in confidence. I stood to regard our guest again, leading him toward the door.
“I am aware that violence and darkness cannot be helped in sensitive circumstances such as these. Despite this, I have seen the effects of violence and darkness on him. It changes him, John, into a man that I barely recognise. I do not want this of him. I do not—” She took a deep breath. “I believe Thomas would not want this of him either. So I beg of you, if there is any way at all to spare him from the darkness, to stay his hand from killing Alfred Hamilton, I beg you to look for it.”
“As a
“Militia?” James asked, spinning on his heel to look at the man incredulously, although the movement seemed to hurt him. He was more injured than I had thought at first glance. “You brought the fucking
“James would never hurt you,” Miranda replied, resolute. “You mean more to him than he shows. And believe me, I know. When I made this request to him it was— insincere. I want nothing more than to put the noose around Alfred Hamilton’s neck, then pull the lever with my own two hands.” Something dark and dangerous flew over her face but was then gone. “John. If there is a chance in this endeavour, if there is hope for us to save Thomas— this will be a task greater than any of us have ever attempted before.  I do not want James to enter it with a more violent mind than is necessary. I fear that, in doing so, the result will only cause him more pain afterward if— if the result is not what we wish it to be. I know you intend to join him tonight, John, and I ask that you do what I cannot.”
“We are not—” What was it that I wanted to say? Why was I reacting so strongly to James’ question? “It is not a comparison you can make, James, for mine and Holmes’ friendship has nothing in common with your affections for Thomas.”
“It was only after that interaction that I discovered how far back Lord Ashe’s friendship with Lord Ashbourne went. He had aided him in many lobbying efforts in the past—although this was never documented to the public—and appeared to agree with him on most issues of importance. There was no way that the young Lord Hamilton would have known this before he accepted Lord Ashe’s help. For all he knew, Peter Ashe was still his dear, close friend. If my deduction about his betrayal of the Hamiltons proved correct, I needed to find evidence of it. I knew I had to be careful, lest I scare Ashe into destroying any material proof of his association with the Earl and, more importantly, any clues as to what Lord Hamilton’s fate really was.”
“He is one of my primary informants here in Glasgow, doctor. Once he stopped being a useless thief and stealing my hard-earned intel,” the glance he shot at Silver was heated enough to melt steel, “he proved himself to be a useful asset.” Silver’s smile widened at what he seemed to take as a compliment, though he stayed silent. James moved one of the pages around the table to show me. “This is the address of where Ashbourne is staying for the moment. We will leave here on horseback tomorrow evening at nine o’clock sharp, set to arrive a quarter of an hour before ten.”
“Gentlemen,” Eleanor Guthrie said, her sharp, discerning eyes fixed on us. “If you would please surrender your weapons, this would be much easier on all of us.”
“Don’t concern yourself with my injuries or my energy,” and truly, even when diminished and wounded, I did not doubt James’ capacity. “The rooms upstairs will be suitable.”
off me, damn you!” Jack Rackham’s now familiar, higher pitched voice shouted across the dining hall. “You are positively
“I did not know you were to be involved in this plan, Mr. Silver,” I said.
Much Love,
I am contacting you for a rather peculiar case that I am hoping you can shed some light on. I apologise if any of the events in the following letter are distressing in their nature.
“On the contrary, Mr. Flint. In the months before your arrival in Glasgow, with the help of my informants, I have made my own moves in this horrific game. If you have forgotten, Lord Ashe and Lord Ashbourne wronged me as well, though perhaps not to the degree they condemned you or Thomas Hamilton. They threatened something of immense importance to me, something that I could not forgive being used against me in this way. Upon this realisation, I could do little to quell the rage it bore inside of me. I—” Holmes took pause and shot me a quick glance. “Peter Ashe has been taken care of. He is not a concern you need worry yourself with any longer.”
The words upon this page, much like the rest of my life as of late, serve as nothing but a reminder of your absence. To say they provide me any form of solace would be a falsehood I cannot pretend to believe any longer. These words are nothing now, but the grief fueled musings of a lonely man, destined to remain as such until death takes me in my old age. Perhaps the cold hand of shame will take me earlier than that. I feel its grip strengthen every day.
“Do you know why Holmes attacked me that day?”
“Vane, I’m not taking another step until you tell me how the
Silver was looking at James and chose to speak instead. “We had indeed been hoping that the first statement is true, Mr. Holmes, hence our presence here.” The mention of Thomas’ name didn’t seem to phase him—Silver knew of James’ past, then. “And as much as I appreciate you vouching for my honour, I believe we would all like to hear of the events that led to your presence here with us tonight.”
“True,” James breathed, and I could feel his shoulder relaxing as much as he could under my hands. “I have no doubt in Madi and Max. I have every doubt in Silver, Vane, and Rackham, but I do hope that Anne Bonny’s scowl and your colleague’s presence will stop them from killing each other.” His eyes met mine and I could see that he was struggling with something, something that would not quite reach his voice. “Doctor. These— The men we saw in that first transport. What had been done to them?”
James did not reply and she pulled him into a gentle, comforting embrace.
John Silver in the first place. He knows I hate the moniker—and he knows I would only use it as code if I was forced to do so. The money is safe, Captain. Though I have to say, I appreciated your quick thinking in lying to Guthrie that the cache is
But, he is not afraid of him, and the man he sees seated across from John Watson is not one seeking vengeance or retribution for past cruelties. He speaks of sleep and of tea, and of the man he loves. So, Sherlock swallows the hint of dread in the pit of his gut, and speaks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not for some time, I’m afraid,” I admitted. I hoped that the sadness behind my confession was unreadable behind my eyes.
I looked at the letter that was still in Holmes’ hands and a feeling of unease settled deep in my gut. Although I had not read it, the meaning of my friend’s words was as clear as day: the witness—this Peter Ashe—had known of the truth regarding James and Thomas’ relationship. The moment Thomas had seen him on the witness stand, he had understood that James was about to be exposed, tried, and likely imprisoned as his lover. The Thomas Hamilton I knew would have never allowed this to happen—even at the cost of his own life.
“Do sit down, my dear Watson,” my friend said, his voice calm and quiet against my ear, as his shrewd eyes observed the scene unfolding before us. We were still hunched back into the shadow, ensuring that we did not attract undue attention onto ourselves. “There is little we can do but observe. Intervening in this situation will compromise our position, and help precisely no one.”
For a moment, Holmes said nothing. He stared at me, wordless and confused, as though some unprecedented realisation had come over him. Somehow, in seeing Holmes’ own fear about the circumstances laid before us, all previous rumination left my mind. If he was not doubtful of his own motions, but rather of mine, then there was nothing to contemplate. I would follow him to the ends of the earth if it meant getting to work by his side again, and I would not allow a brief hesitation to take that chance from me.
McGraw’s eyebrow shot up as he continued observing me. If I did not know better, I would say there was something vaguely mocking in his expression. “You would like to hear my thoughts, Sir? Very well.” He looked above my shoulder to where one could just glance Thomas, conversing with several of his guests on their way out. The Lieutenant lowered his voice. “My thoughts are that many of these Eton-raised, Oxford-schooled men are only here so that they can boast to their fellow Eton-raised, Oxford-schooled friends that they rubbed shoulders with one Lord Thomas Hamilton, famous for his unconventional radical thinking. My thoughts are that Lord Lewis there,” he tilted his chin to gesture to a short, dark-haired man, who was looking up at Thomas with reverie, “who has been enthusiastically nodding along to Lord Hamilton’s readings of John Stewart Mill, will, come tomorrow, be the first to cast his lordly vote for yet another reduction of factory wages. My thoughts are also that Mr. Harcourt there,” another nod at another fairly unassuming man, “will be laughing at all our expense over his cricket game this Saturday, explaining to all who would listen how Lord Hamilton is an idealist, air-headed and coddled, who only lives a life possible in the great philosophical texts.”
Holmes leapt up from his chair to usher me out the door, a buzz about him that I had not seen in far too long before this case. In other circumstances, his joy would have reflected within me, his smile so often an instant source of calm in my soul. Yet, with every waking moment, I felt my friend reach closer to the truth behind these individuals; a truth I so feared to uncover myself.
“John,” a soft voice murmured beside me. “John, wake up.”
When I did not reply, Thomas tilted his head in a question. “Has my candour made you uncomfortable? I am ever so sorry. As Miranda has pointed out, I do rather have a habit of putting my foot in it.”
My well known dismay replaced the previous excitement with vengeance at Holmes’ voice. I did not doubt my friend’s abilities, and if his past performances in detection spoke to the current job, it would not be long before he discovered the true nature of things in this house. I thought of Mary, of her new friendship with the Lady that is blossoming just across the room. More so, however, I thought of Thomas Hamilton, and the rigid Lieutenant keeping a well trained eye upon his enthusiastic Lord. Perhaps, I saw such a resemblance between McGraw and myself for more intimate reasons than our military attachments or duty to a more Bohemian colleague. Perhaps, the knowing glances my wife shared with me in the tea room earlier today were not unwarranted in their presence. I could not allow my mind to wander to such absurd possibilities for long however; too dangerous in their nature to suggest on a whim.
“Of course, Miranda. I will do what I can.” There was nothing else for me to say, in truth. I did not want to see the hateful voice in the depths of James’ soul to leave unneeded agony in his wake any more than Miranda wanted it. And, much as she did, my brief interactions with the new James Flint indicated that such a result would be likely without any intervention.
“I am a man with a very low pain tolerance,” Silver shrugged with a smile that made me doubt every word that left his mouth. “Threaten me and I will say anything to get myself out of danger.”
James was quiet and tense at my side and I felt intensely uncomfortable with the full attention of everyone in the room focused on me. Mrs. Rogers seemed to consider something before meeting James’ eyes again.
I took a calculated breath as I finished the first set of stitches before answering the weighted question. I motioned for him to lean forward so as to begin on the other side of his wounded shoulder.
Holmes and I weaved through the remaining crowd and out the door of the Red Lion, moving at a pace quick enough to match the Lieutenant, but not to spring his attention upon us. We stayed several steps behind him, ensuring that we ducked around corners and used cover behind anything we could find. McGraw was a shrewd man and he was not to be underestimated; he looked over his shoulder several times with a discerning, careful gaze, however we seemed to succeed in remaining hidden from his sight.
Miranda’s eyes scanned the dining room anxiously. “He did not sleep here?”
“Prisoner transport?” Eleanor looks taken aback, not taking her eyes off James. “What on earth do you need with a prisoner transport?”
“I—” My hands fell away from James’ wound. He carefully felt the fragile stitching with his fingertips. “I do not know what to say, James. These are— deep feelings, thoughts I have harboured for many years, and I do not know if— if I can simply—”
“You are okay with this?” I asked, finally. “I realise that you most likely did not mean to abandon your life in London when you agreed to come to Glasgow with me.”
Before Holmes could begin to explain how such a drastic effort could be accomplished—freeing Thomas would be no easy feat, I was certain, and there was of course the matter of finding him before all else—there was a loud
I cannot even begin to explain how much this story—it’s planning, writing, and publishing processes—changed my whole perspective on my writing. Working with Tim/Toni has been incredible, and the way this story happened was so natural to the both of us. I can’t thank you all enough for the engagement you’ve been giving this fic throughout the publishing process, and the support you’ve offered to both of us authors. This story is incredibly near and dear to our hearts, as are these characters, and I’m so glad we got to share it with you.
Sherlock is lost for word or reason for a moment, thoughts racing across his mind. If apology was not what he seeks, then what? He takes a deep inhale from his pipe, unable to locate a cohesive thought.
“I called him a self-obsessed careerist,” Thomas said with a gentle smile, “and he rather heavily implied that I was but a spoiled noble, with no idea of the world beyond the walls of his parlour. I have to say, this was the moment that I was certain we would become fast friends.”
Together, we dragged the table to lie on its side, a makeshift cover for us to crouch behind. My heart was racing wildly in my ears as we knelt behind it and James focused his attention on the approaching footsteps.
As the door closed behind him, I turned to look at my companion in search for some clarification.
My heart stopped. “Passengers? Prisoners? So the hold was not empty after all? Oh thank Heavens—”
believe I was going to let you take on this dangerous endeavour all alone, did you? Not in Glasgow of all places, our second base of operations? We have eyes everywhere, Captain, lest you forget. Eyes that you have used for information, too.”
I paused my ministrations for a moment at the repeat of the memory in my mind. It would take many years for the image of what we found in that train car to be erased.
Thomas turned around, ripping his gaze away from me and smiled warmly. “That is no problem at all. Miranda’s musical talent does make one forget everything around them with ease. Time is getting on, though we do tend to retire rather late in the evening, but I would so despise endangering either of you in getting home at such an hour.”
“Fucking took you long enough,” Vane growled. Another woman who I had not noticed had come from the shadow, in a gown entirely too beautiful to be in a place like this. She was working on Vane’s restraints.
Holmes moved toward James and Silver with a delicate, calculated step. James’ dagger stayed planted at Silver’s throat, but with somewhat less force than a moment before.
suited her ever so much more than Lady Hamilton did. I found that the discarding ceremony was surprisingly easy in the presence of the Hamiltons.
“You’re incredible, you know that?” Silver hissed at James, evidently recovered from his state of shock. “You’re angry at me for something I didn’t even
“Holmes, forgive the interruption, but what in the Lord’s name are you talking about?” At that, he jolted upright, looking at me square on with a puzzled expression.
I looked back at Mary. “If Thomas knew all that was at stake, he would probably kill us all for even thinking of attempting it. I cannot tell you whether we will succeed, my dear. I cannot tell you whether we will all get our happy ending. But what I know—and I am as certain of it as I am of the fact that the sun will rise tomorrow—is that we must at least try. We simply must.”
want?”
“This leaves one question unanswered, Mr. Holmes,” James started, finding some of his wits again. “How does any of this prove Silver’s innocence?”
“... but my dearest Philpott, I simply cannot find it in myself to agree with you,” he was saying with a gentle smile that did not at all suggest malice in his disagreement. “I, too, enjoyed Ruskin’s thoughts on Byron and Wordsworth—and in fact, as James here would readily attest, I was one of the select few to even find his work on industrialisation and weather patterns rather gripping indeed—but I do believe that
“Hello you,” she murmured into his neck, her voice dripping with emotion. James was still and silent in her arms, but I saw the lids of his eyes shut with the weight of her touch. “You are dripping blood all over my floor.”
“What is that, my dear Watson?”
I hummed in affirmation, an absent smile forming along my face as I continued to eat. The five of us maintained amiable conversation for the remainder of breakfast—though that mostly translated to Silver’s continued storytelling—before the eloquent man excused himself to return to his work.
Huge thank you’s to Mara and Finnen for editing this beast for us. Thank you to Char @CharCubed for making the gorgeous cover art (viewable on Chapter 1). Thank you to AI @AIHolmes for your brilliant plot contribution! And of course, thank you also to all of our regular readers who left comments on most/every chapter when it came out. All of you helped make this fic into what it was, and we are forever grateful.
Pleasant dialogue was had between us, before my knowledge of respectable behaviour finally won out over my enjoyment of our new friends. I noticed that Lieutenant McGraw had at some point disappeared, though I did not remember seeing him leave with one of the groups beforehand, nor had Thomas left our company to bid him goodnight. I made a note of this fact, though I did not know if it was to turn out to be anything of import. I collected Mary from her station by the fire with Lady Hamilton, and the three of us departed from the Hamilton estate after exchanging hearty goodbyes and with fresh invitations to dinner the following week. The feeling of budding friendship with such fascinating individuals as the Hamiltons was very near to overcoming my anxieties of the case at hand. This did not appear to be something solved within the day, and I knew that my fear would do nothing but increase until the safety of the Hamiltons, as well as myself and Mary, was ensured. The sole question that remained, was how to do so without indicating more to Holmes than was decent.
As he came out of the cargo hold, Vane threw the gun to the side as if it burned his skin to hold it. In an instant, Rackham was at his side, two hands on his shoulders. His words were too quiet for me to hear, yet I could see Vane leaning into the touch. A vulnerability I did not think him capable of was clear in every distressed line of his face.
“Of course I am, Holmes. I would quite like to hear them”
“He thought you had attacked Thomas, right?”
At the mention of Silver’s wife, Miranda brightened. “Ah, yes, of course! It is truly a pleasure, Mr. Silver, to finally make your acquaintance. Your wife is truly a remarkable woman.” Miranda offered her hand for a greeting and a kind grin. Before I could register her reply, Silver’s emphatic voice returned, his attention now focused on me.
“It is a matter that concerns my eldest son, Thomas. He’s been married now for just over five years, and though I have never approved of his choice of wife, there was little I could do to dissuade him. He married rather late—he was nearing thirty, many years out of Oxford—and I rather hoped that marriage would quell Thomas’ stubborn, foolhardy nature. It seems, gentlemen, that I had rather underestimated the wickedness of this woman. She speaks out of turn, often encouraged by Thomas himself, and behaves herself in a manner most unsuited to the wife of an Earl’s heir. Her contacts are numerous and capricious, and she often uses them to steer Thomas’ opinion in the most insidious ways. On top of it all, she has yet to provide him with an heir and has indicated no intention to do so for the foreseeable future. I am certain you can understand, gentlemen, how my disapproval of the woman has done little but grow in the time since their nuptials…” His words trailed off into silence, and Holmes took the chance to interject with a rather pronounced—to my ears, at least— lack of empathy for our client’s predicament.
Mary, Holmes, and myself sat upon three empty chairs to the Lieutenant’s left, as Lady Hamilton reached her throne-like seat at the hearth. There was easy chatter filling the room and a servant immediately materialised at our elbows with glasses of wine. I focused my hearing on Lord Hamilton’s pleasant, cheerful tone.
“They must have changed their plans last minute,” Holmes huffed, adjusting his grip on me. “Vane, have you the map that Madi provided you with?”
“Fucking hell,” James muttered. “Is she involved in it, then? She was the one who betrayed us.”
in elegant cursive on its cover.
“Y-Yes?” I forced out of my trembling lips.
“Do not flatter yourself,” Max huffed. “Madi and I have important work in Glasgow that does not concern you. The nature of which—” she raised her voice when James opened his mouth to interrupt. “The nature of which is highly confidential.”
Fortunately, not all were so led by my tale. One day, a rather insistent knock rattled upon the door to our parlour.
His statement was simple, and was a sentiment many people share with him. And yet, something in my heart fluttered at the words. The idea that Sherlock Holmes, a man I so often thought to be above simple joys in life, more interested in criminal studies than domesticity or romance, enjoyed something as natural and common as a sunrise. I turned my gaze away from the fuschia and lavender sky to meet the eyes of the contradictory man I adore with all my heart, and saw a golden ray reflect off of his blue irises. He stared ahead, basking in the warm glow of morning, and I saw how the light pooled into the broad, thoughtful lines of his face.
“Silver, now!” James shouted behind me.
LORD HAMILTON TAKES THE STAND
Sherlock is surprised for a moment at Thomas’ aptitude for reading his emotion, but is then reminded of who is opposite him. The caring voice prevails even past years of horrors, and Sherlock is grateful for it. He stands up, slow at first, and walks toward the fireplace. The stones lining the mantle are rough beneath his touch, and centre his mind just enough to respond.
His story took the words from my mouth and left them outside my reach. Such an introduction befitted them better than I could have thought possible, and yet I felt a twinge of something in the back of my mind. The affection that bled through James’ story was undeniable, and while it was something I had allowed to warm my heart in recent weeks, the reality of things started to sit rather heavy upon my shoulders.
This marks the beginning of act two! There are just ten chapters left now, and I hope you all enjoy.
“James, he is not inside, and you do not need to see—”
I sighed heavily and looked out into the street from the small window in Mary’s room. Snow was gently falling outside, dancing around the air in a frozen waltz. Outside the front door of the inn, I could see two figures, sitting down on the curb, their hands tangled in a gesture of unquestionable affection. I thought I recognised Anne Bonny’s fiery hair.
Thomas’ eyebrows rose up in bewilderment, eyes widening ever so slightly. My heart clenched, afraid that I had offended him with just the assumption that I could not force myself to speak. He was a perceptive man, however—I watched the realisation dawn on his face, as his mouth formed a quiet “Oh” and he took a gentle step back.
“The official article chronicling Thomas Hamilton’s trial did not state the name of the witness who emerged prior to the incriminating outburst now made infamous. But if the
Looking to my right, along the curve of the road, I saw the cottage that James, Thomas, and Silver had been chosen to occupy. To the side of the front door, I caught sight of James and Silver standing next to one another, joined at the shoulders. James looked as if he were struggling to stay upright, but his eyes were fixed on the horizon and the rapidly undulating sky. Silver, on the other hand, did not seem able to look away from James’ face. Before I could think to wonder where Thomas may have been, the door to Mary and Miranda’s cottage opened, and the women living within it emerged in nightgowns and light coats. None of us had planned to meet outside at sunrise the morning after Thomas’ rescue, and yet our three separate households had elected to share this experience all the same.
“Who is hurt? Is it James?” I enquired, for I could not get the anguished sound out of my head.
“Tell him Long John Silver sent you. He will know.”
“Sherlock Holmes? The bloody detective?” Jack Rackham’s voice rang from the bar. “Just what we fucking needed.” However, I was blind and deaf to anything and anyone in the room now. Hearing the name said by someone who could confirm his presence to be beyond a fantasy made something within me shiver. He was here, before my eyes, for the first time in months. The adrenaline of the evening slammed against a wall of affection that I could do nothing to stop.
I placed the letter in my inner coat pocket just before hearing a knock on my door. On the other side was none other than Miranda.
“So I’ll actually have to fight them?!”
welcome to the start of our two week long intermission! the intermission is entirely epistolary in nature, and i hope you all enjoy it!
CWs for this chapter: intense violence, graphic description of medical malpractice, emetophobia, medical violence
The corner of Madi’s mouth twisted in a smile. “Very well.” She gestured to the beautifully dressed woman, who sat next to her. Now that I could see her in a proper light, I felt as if every secret I kept deep inside my chest was exposed under her shrewd, dark gaze. It made shivers run up my spine, but I did not know why. “May I introduce you to Max,” Madi said with a smile. “My partner in all things and the reason why you, Captain, are not currently burning to a crisp in the
Before Silver could actually shoot any of them at all, a terrifying gurgling sound came from the men’s direction. I looked up and saw that both men who had been standing next to Vane and Rackham now had two deep gashes in their necks that were spurting blood wildly. I gasped at the sight, for the men in question were still tied to the posts and had not moved from their position. Rackham’s voice then reached me, overflowing with what I could only describe as sheer adoration.
“I must say, Dr. Watson, your escapades with Sherlock Holmes were always a favourite of mine. While I am sorry to no longer see the stories within the pages of the Strand, I am ever so grateful for his return to London.” Lady Hamilton spoke with such an ease, as if the words themselves were hand-crafted for each interaction; the very soul of the person she spoke to seemed to always be considered foremost.
want you dead.”
I heard the banging on the door to the left of ours, the one leading to the empty room. If only we had had the chance to use it, to maybe lie in wait! I cursed myself for following with James’ murderous impulse.
A group of navy officers were observing McGraw from the side, and one leaned to say something to him, though I could not catch it well. Holmes raised an eyebrow. I was well aware that my friend’s hearing was much superior to mine—he had not spent years under the rain of gunfire, after all—and he was rather proficient in the art of lip-reading, a skill that had proven itself infinitely useful in our work.
Though, it was less a request, more so an affirmation of what must be done. I knew her aid was the best method here.
He sends a bowler hat my way, along with a larger jacket to cloak my form. It was foolish to wear such layers on a warm summer night, but I understood the necessity of it.
It was not relief that I felt, for any positive emotion seemed to not exist in the warm, stale air of the train car. For when one of the men met my eyes, I nearly recoiled and fell back. A large, unseemly scar was running across the top of his head, red and infected, the wound most likely beyond saving. His hair had been shaved, haphazardly, with no care. His mouth was open and drool was leaking out of it onto the floor. The worst, however, I thought, were the eyes—dead, blank, listless, as if made of glass. The man did not seem to see me where I stood, he did not seem to register the burning train carriages around him. He just emitted a low, guttural noise.
For all their nonchalance, no one seemed to be marginally worried that James was ready to kill Silver with his bare hands. I wondered whether this was all just a bizarre dream.
This past week I have been asked to attend to a patient at Reading Gaol. I was advised to be extremely cautious in this matter, for the patient was severely mentally unwell and a danger to himself and others.
“Go,” Silver said, when I got onto the horse. “Mary and Miranda will await you there. You remember the instructions?”
“Good Lord,” I whispered to myself. They were the first words I had spoken in what felt like ages, but the weight of Holmes’ explanation burdened me too much to maintain silence.
“I can assure you the lady is unharmed, Mr. Flint. I managed to deal with the men sent after both of you soon upon my arrival in Glasgow late on Tuesday evening. I have been aware of your and Lady Hamilton’s movements, Mr. Flint, and I have done all in my power to keep you all safe, even more so after the Watsons joined you. You may have seen me yesterday morning in the dining room downstairs, though I was quite adorned in the dress of a fellow much older than myself.”
James still struggled against Silver’s grip. “No, I won’t fucking—”
“Don’t listen to her, dear,” Mary implored and gestured to the small settee. “Come in, sit down. You look dead on your feet, both of you.”
Almost as though reading my thoughts, a soft but decisive knock rattled on my bedroom door in that moment. I was supposed to be packing my things and possibly catching a short nap, but I answered nonetheless. I opened the door to find Holmes on the other side of it.
“What information could you possibly hold that I need to know,
“You know me, Captain,” he winked at James. “I always prefer the back exit.” James’ eye roll at this was nearly audible.
Anne’s words sent a jolt of panic through my body, as I leaned onto Holmes to hobble out of the carriage. The air outside was heady with smoke and fire, and I saw Charles Vane’s form jogging up to us.
I staggered out of the carriage and even if filled with the smell of soot and ash, the air outside felt like a blessing to the putrid smell inside. I emptied my bowels off to the side.
As I leaned upon the mercy of a stranger with smoke choking my lungs, and screams and, Good Lord, the
“Oh, Lord, Silver. Don’t tell me you have been flapping your gums the entire time I was gone.”
“We are well aware of the purpose of your journey here, Captain Flint,” Madi added, gently. “And we wish to help you, as you have helped us over the years. Please accept this.”
“Hm,” Holmes replied after a drawn out pause. “My brother’s involvement in the aristocratic dealings of the empire are active as ever, I see. However, I do not believe you are in my lodgings at present to discuss Her Majesty’s government. Would I be correct in that assumption, sir?”
“Well what the
As we made our way outside, it was just before dawn, and a foggy mist coated the outside air with its early spring dew. There was a small stone bench beside the front door of our cottage that I had not noticed in my emotion the night before, and Sherlock and I elected to sit upon it after he lay down a blanket he procured from the sofa inside.
“James, you are hurt. You need to be seen to.”
“The years—” Holmes choked on his words. “The years without you doomed me far worse.”
that I will not let your Lord Hamilton be taken by these bastards. Yes, we got the route wrong, but there is still hope. They all leave from the ferry port. The second route intersects a station not too far from here. If you and Watson do not slow us down with your wounds, we will be able to get there much more quickly and Rackham still has a barrel of gunpowder left, yes?” The logical, clear way in which Silver was putting things seemed to put James at some ease. “
. Someone should say so, and someone should be willing to defend it.” He then smiled, but there was no happiness in it, no joy. It was sharp and dangerous. “One man? A hundred men? A thousand men? They would do nothing to keep me away from him. I would lay waste to the entire world, if it meant I could spend one more minute with him. Do not doubt that, even for a second.”
“Mmm,” he hummed. “Please do not hesitate to do so, and I will perform my due diligence to inquire within my own connections. In the matter of the budding friendship between yourself and your wife with the Hamiltons, I think the additional intel you may garner from a more intimate attachment to them will be of use to this case. Besides, it is quite rare for you to socialise as of late, Watson, it may be of benefit to you.”
I would be dishonest to say that the direct comparison made between Holmes and I to Thomas and James did not shake me. I halted my suturing in contemplation of his meaning, before deciding it best to just ask him what he meant.
The Lord waved a hand. “Please. We do not stand on ceremony in this house. Do call me Thomas. Lord Hamilton is my father, and the title does make me feel rather beyond my age.” I did not miss the sharp sour tone of his voice when he mentioned his father, however the shadow of it was gone as soon as it had appeared. “And there is no need to be bashful, Dr. Watson! I assure you, there are no strident minds within these walls tonight. We hold these gatherings so that voices can roam free without the yoke of shame on their shoulders.” The casual informality of his words gave the impression that the remarks he had made regarding my chronicling habits now held little weight in his mind. He spoke as though every new thought was of equal significance to the one before.
” Without a second thought, every single patron of The Hangman’s Rest scurried out the door, cowering from the owner’s raised voice almost as much as from the bloodied, feral man before them. Vane and Rackham seemed unperturbed at the scene happening in front of them and they sauntered over to the bar.
I hummed inquisitively in reply, my eyes still set upon the door of the cottage furthest from us. Thomas emerged from the door, and by the Lord, was it still a shock to see him there in the flesh, so undoubtedly alive. I did not quite know if this awe would wear off. He looked rather fuzzy around the eyes but did not seem at all surprised at the moment of intimacy he had caught Silver and James in; even if Silver did jump back as if he were burned. James just huffed and disappeared into the cottage, returning with a blanket to throw over Thomas’ shoulders. Silver kept looking at the two of them, his fingers once again undulating with apprehension. Even from this far, I could almost clear James’ exasperated sigh, as he pulled Thomas close with one arm, and offered his free hand to Silver. Bewildered, Silver took it, while Thomas, entirely unsurprised by this turn of events, nuzzled into James’ shoulder. With that, I could swear to God, Thomas appeared to fall asleep while standing.
“Sherlock,” I muttered through my bleary haze. Out of my line of sight, a set of cautious lips pressed against my shoulder.
“Come now, Watson. Let us hope we are inconspicuous enough in our appearance so as to not alert the Lieutenant of our presence.” With that, we made our way down the staircase to hail a cab. The journey to the public house was not long, but Holmes seemed rather insistent on silence within the hansom. I watched him in his stillness—eyes closed to avoid unnecessary distraction—as the puzzle transformed in his mind. As thrilling as it was to watch feelings of excitement course through his veins, the quiet moments of thought held an intimate aspect that remained absent in the height of discovery. The sharp look in his eye, the smirk upon his cheek, were instead replaced with a content contemplation and ease that few ever saw in the man outside of myself. I cherished the privilege to witness such tranquil times with Sherlock Holmes.
the smirk upon his lips. This was the beating heart of our work together—the thrill of the chase, the adventure, thrumming like music in our blood and our bodies—and the joy emanating from my friend echoed through to my own heartbeat. Seeing Holmes so energised brought me a visceral joy, for I had worried that, after the Moriarty affair, he would have difficulty stepping back into this role. Now I could see that for him, doing this work was as easy as breathing. He had a genuine deep love for it, a love men ordinarily reserved for their spouses. That thought stung my heart in a most unexpected way.
A muscle twitched under James’ eye at Thomas’ name spoken so freely in the room. I knew that he had known—had hoped—that this would be true, however anxiety still remained in the hard line of his shoulders for reasons I could not comprehend.
Thomas’ eyes glinted playfully. “In part,” he confessed, not elaborating further. “But yourself as well. I think you quite underestimate what a fascinating individual you are, Doctor Watson. I can see it with clarity, even if you do so seem to prefer standing in the shadow of your illustrious friend.”
Miranda Barlow was rather different in demeanour and appearance to that of Lady Miranda Hamilton of five years ago. Of course, she was the same in all ways that are necessary, but no longer was she adorned in extravagant silks that so often made up the frocks of nobility, nor was the title of cozy aristocracy granting her freedom from the woes of the world. With all that removed, it seemed to make her stature look somewhat smaller. Miranda, I thought, was a woman who was born to dress fashionably. Her clothes now were plain and somewhat worn— I remembered her letters and James’ words, realising that life could not have been easy for them in America. A guilty twinge pierced my heart that I had offered them no financial help in that time, though I doubt they would have accepted it.
Any and all fight that seemed to remain within James was gone with the sheer exhaustion; he simply nodded in agreement. As everyone around the table stood to leave, I heard Madi going up to him and saying in a quiet, gentle voice:
It was not as if we had not spoken our given names aloud to one another before. Of course, there were times we uttered it as an introduction to a client, a friend. But, in the stagnant nighttime air, on an unfamiliar sofa in an unknown place, hearing my name said softly from his lips was the one home I could find.
“Sherlock,” he says. “Call me Sherlock, please.”
In the past, such words would do little but enthrall me in the brilliance of Sherlock Holmes. His prose, so natural in its eloquence that I could not be helped to hang upon each word. After the evening we experienced, however, my dread doubled in my throat. I had a significant concern for the safety of Thomas Hamilton, and for the heart of my dear Mary. To think both these excellent people had invested themselves into loving a woman so indiscreet in her behaviour was bewildering to me—her deceitful nature must be transparent to them, especially when her lover was sneaking into her bedchamber under the cover of night with no apparent effort. Yet, my interactions with Lady Hamilton remained in my mind along with that concern; the contradiction of her manner with the evidence in front of me. All the times in which Holmes had regaled me in the past of emotional attachment and its failings played over in my mind. Just how foolish would mine and Mary’s investment for the Hamiltons prove to be? Would it risk overtaking our work? Could Holmes observe such emotion within me?
“That is excellent to hear! Ah, well, I hope that hiatus may come to a close soon enough.”
“Rogers?” Rackham voiced all our confusion.
could have done it?” James wielded his dagger up to Silver’s throat, in much the same manner he had just an hour previous to Alfred Hamilton. Silver did not flinch, however.
“I am in love with you, Sherlock Holmes.” His gaze snapped up at me again, and something akin to shock lined his face.
“Not at all, Thomas.” I swallowed, my throat feeling dry and closed up. I tried to wash away the feeling with another sip of port. I could hear the faint sounds of Miranda’s clavichord from down the hall to where I presumed her study to be. “Not at all. I was simply wondering—when you said you had had similar experiences of meeting truly great men, did you mean anyone in particular? Lieutenant McGraw?”
“James, dearest, you simply must come hear of Mary’s account of the Harringtons’ new exhibition! The same one we went to see together, remember?” Lady Hamilton called out to the Lieutenant, as though attempting to cover what possible conversation we may have been engaging ourselves with in that moment. Lieutenant McGraw bade me goodbye with a curt nod and marched over to the woman he supposedly was in affairs with. I followed him with my eyes as he walked away, his back ever so ramrod-straight.
“I don’t see what business that is of yours after what you did tonight.”
Thomas let go of Miranda and started towards James, single-minded, blind and deaf to all else around him. James seemed frozen in place, as if he feared he was trapped in a dream, that Thomas would disappear in a puff of smoke. I gave a gentle squeeze to his shoulder, which seemed to bring him back some. With a small, uncertain step, he walked towards Thomas, and I could see the way his nails dug into his palms.
“More,” Sherlock said, his voice gruff.
“Yes,” John said. “You are good at that.”
“But they itch?”
“Look, Rosie,” he said and bent down to plug in the Christmas lights. Half of the Christmas ornaments were still in their boxes, but he didn’t suppose that mattered to a three year old.
John suddenly unfroze again, as quickly and uncomfortably as if he had been doused in cold water. “You didn’t realise that I would grieve?”
A fine thread had been holding John’s temper back since he left the pub, and now he could feel it breaking in his chest. It felt good, in a way. Cathartic. “You have been exploiting Mrs Hudson’s kindness again, haven’t you?”
Sherlock shuddered and gasped hotly against John’s skin. “I’m glad you came home.”
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
“They will pick Mrs Hudson up at twelve so they should be here at half past. I’m not sure when Mycroft arrives with your parents, but the food will be here at a quarter to one.”
(See the end of the chapter for
A whimper from Rosie’s room in the middle of the night had Sherlock up and moving away from his Christmas project before he even realised that he had registered a sound. It was interesting to observe how close cohabitation with a child so quickly could attune a person’s senses to its sounds and movements. Rosie was prone to nightmares, which was apparently common for her age. Somehow, Sherlock’s ears, or rather the subconscious parts of his mind, could already distinguish between normal sleeping sounds and nightmare whimpers, at least when he was awake. He couldn't be sure if he reacted the same way when he was asleep himself. Maybe he should record her sleeping sounds for a few nights to gather more data. Or maybe not. John seemed disproportionally pleased with the fact that they now lived in a house free from recording devices.
John’s night with Lestrade must have ended prematurely, Sherlock mused. They could not reasonably have had time for more than two beers, and John’s heavy stomping indicated frustration rather than fatigue.
“You can count on me, John.” Sherlock’s chest felt full of air, as if he was turning into a hot air balloon, about to fly away into the night. He took a deep breath and realised that he meant what he had said in more ways than one. “I mean that,” he continued. “I know I’ve not been the most trustworthy of friends, but I intend for that to change.”
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
“Why?” Another stupid question, but what could he do.
Under that sun
“Lestrade wanted an early night?” Sherlock realised that it was the wrong thing to say as the words were coming out of his mouth.
“Dr Watson is currently out of the country with Sherlock. They have just solved the case, so I expect him to return to London soon. It would be best if there were no alcohol available at home when he arrived. Someone needs to go to his house and get rid of all alcoholic beverages for him and I think it would be best if you did it, since you know him so well.”
To John’s surprise, Sherlock shut his mouth and looked at him with something that almost looked like kindness. “There’s Christmas cake in the kitchen.”
When they were done, Sherlock put their plates in the sink and said “Let’s go. I’ll deal with this when I get back.”
“Yes you did.” John dragged his fingertips up into Sherlock’s hair, scraping his scalp.
, Captain, and have I once betrayed your trust? Who do you think was it that convinced Madi that you were to be trusted when you materialised in Savannah out of nowhere? Who was it that stopped Max when she was ready to set her assassins on you? When—” Silver tripped up the stairs and James steadied him with a hand on his elbow. “When Mr. Dufresne was trying his very best to kill you, who was it that split his skull in two?” Silver’s voice lowered to a whisper. “Perhaps you need to get it through your thick head that, at times, I’m the only man in a 100 mile radius that
As I reached to begin the examination of the wound, Mr. Hamilton caught me by the wrist with a force greater than I would have assumed from his weak constitution. We were alone in the room—I had insisted so, for I had respect for the wretch’s privacy—which only increased my anxiety, as I was certain he was seeking to hurt me. However, when my eyes met Hamilton’s, he did not look to me to be a man of an unsound mind. Quite the contrary, Watson, to me he seemed to be a fellow very much with his wits about him.
“Do not hesitate to apprise me with your findings, Holmes.”
“I shall look into your… dilemma, Lord Ashbourne. The letter will stay in my care, safe from any indiscreet eyes. Think of it as my favour to Her Majesty’s nobles,” he smiled. Had I not known him as well as I do, I may have taken it as genuine. Perhaps, that is why a returning grin spread across the Earl’s face. There was something rather unpleasant about this grin, it left me feeling perturbed.
“Eleanor…” Silver tried again, as though speaking in place of James. “Can we not discuss this with some layer of civility, rather than this unnecessary violence?”
Mary nodded and leaned her head against my shoulder. We stood there in this moment, savouring its stillness, appreciating it to be the last quiet hour before the storm we were all about to walk into.
“I believe, my dear Watson, much the same knowledge you acquired during your luncheon,” he detailed, a sly expression forming as ornamentation to the words he spoke. I could not share his playful nature, however, as dread shot through my soul at the thought of Holmes discovering just how close to my personal anguish this case now lay. He began to explain before I could formulate any sort of response. “Lady Hamilton attended the same art exhibition as your dear wife just this last week. I employed one of the Baker Street Irregulars—as they elected to refer to themselves—to find that piece of information. As I know the both of you to be rather unburdened by the need for public luncheons on a Friday afternoon, I gathered that she was to introduce you to a new acquaintance. Perhaps, one of high social stature, who shares her interest in the arts. To be truthful to you both, I spent little to no time outside Baker Street this afternoon, a mere half of an hour to receive confirmation of my suspicion.”
This seemed to take James out of his stupor. “Miranda!” His breathing was coming in short, panicked bursts. “Where is she? Is she—”
The man called Vane huffed a humourless laugh. “You think Madi and Max would just let you up and leave without a word of goodbye? You’re more of an idiot than I thought.”
The night stretched around us, long and undulating, as we sat in the darkness and waited, electing not to speak any more. For a few moments, I thought James may well nod off—for he seemed to be just on the edge of it—however his nerves seemed to chase sleep away from his eyes. I felt much the same. After bandaging my own wound with what supplies I had left, I felt fatigue creep into my very bones. I could not entertain the thought of sleeping, though. Not when I had no idea what Holmes’ fate was, not when I did not know whether I would see him alive again.
Therefore, the man beside him—with short, blond hair, calm disposition, and a warm smile—had to be Lord Thomas Hamilton. There was a poise about him unlike that of his father, such that one was not required to assume who led the readings and discussions we were to embark on. His command did not come from any intimidation or aggression, however. Instead, he held the room with the same gentle persuasion and powerful presence that I had noticed in his wife. The both of them seemed capable of understanding and respecting any individual they came into contact with, all whilst consuming no effort on their part. As if caring for others came with an ease akin to breathing. There was an unspeakable charisma about the man, ready to draw in even the most skeptical of observers. I could feel myself enchanted already, waiting to hear what he would say.
The dim firelight of the lantern beside the door warmed the area as we entered the cottage. Our cottage. Holmes walked in front of me, and I locked the door behind us. No oil lamps were illuminated as we stood in the quiet. The darkness swirled around us, suffocating me with nearly two decades of waiting—of shame.
Within the half hour, we arrived at the elegant home of Lord and Lady Hamilton, nestled in the heart of St. James. The outside of the home was immaculate, adorned in sculpted marble and intricate masonry. We were greeted, among a small group of guests, by Lady Hamilton herself, beside a butler. Had I not met her just hours previous, I would have been more taken aback by the informality, but any disturbed emotion I may have felt was replaced with the same lingering dread.
Thomas furrows his brow, looking thoughtful. As if he has forgotten that he was the one that came to their doorstep in the first place.
The only sign of any discomfort in James’ face was a slight twitch under his eye. “Do you think they made it? Do you think they caught the second transport?”
“I suppose I owe you a greeting as well, Lieutenant. Or should I say, Mr. Flint,” Holmes said, reaching to remove the blade from James’ grasp. “It has been far too long since last we saw each other.”
As his lips met mine, I felt my mind go blank of all thought that may have occupied it before. My hand reached up to his jaw, and then to his neck; as though keeping him in place, desperate for the moment to last forever. His soft touch first came to my shoulder, and then to the back of my head. Our kiss intensified as the shackles around us shattered, much the same as the ones we freed Thomas from.
“But, of course, L—Thomas! I cannot say I have witnessed such thrilling conversation from another soul, outside of my dear friend here. It was a pleasure to see young minds share as you do.”
The voices were coming closer. Two doors away now. James cocked his gun.
The rushing night air shook James back into wakefulness as we approached the outskirts of Marilès. As instructed, just after we passed the signage indicating the small town, we turned left off the road. We followed down a smaller dirt path, away from much of the village and up a hill until we reached a small clearing with a collection of modest cottages. I was uncertain which one belonged to Mary and Miranda at first, but I spotted two twin lanterns off in the distance, and then I remembered the final piece to Miranda’s instructions.
“Charles,” I heard a gentle plea from Jack, but it did not deter Vane.
“No,” I put myself bodily in front of Vane, feeling something aflame in my own chest. The man eyed me down but I stood my ground—it did not matter that he could, quite likely, tackle me without much care. “This is not a decision you can make, and as a doctor I will not stand for it.”
“I assure you, Holmes and myself are well equipped for sensitive matters. Your word is safe within these walls.”
Thomas watches him carefully. “I understand this is a lot to take in. You thought me dead but a week ago, and yet here I am, at your breakfast table, drinking your tea. When James finds himself feeling much like I assume you are at the moment, it helps him to stand and pace on the floor. Feel free to do so, if you would like. I would not judge you.”
“Sherlock.”
“Does my nature toward him hold significance, given his state upon leaving our rooms? He appeared rather delighted upon my acceptance of the case.”
“In the meantime, we must get something to eat, I’m positively starved,” Mary said, waving down the waitress from the other side of the room. I could see that her free hand was hidden under the table, and soon, Miranda’s joined it, undoubtedly to tangle their fingers together.
“In July of last year, I was hired on by Scotland Yard for a case to find the missing daughter of a Peer of the Realm, one Abigail Ashe.” At the name, I heard a sharp inhale from James, as if he recognised its origin. “Whilst the nature of the missing persons case was rather fascinating, I shan’t regale you with it now, as that is not what I find to be most relevant to you. During the initial investigation, I met with the young girl’s father, one Lord Peter Ashe. I visited his home to examine it for any clues, and held a brief interview with him. Of course, I had been made familiar with the name before from a correspondence
For a moment, the silence in the room was damp and heavy, and I felt it choking my lungs. We waited, and waited, and then, without another word, Eleanor Rogers turned on her heel and went to the door of The Hangman’s Rest.
“Sanatorium?” He growled. “What the
He thought on my question, flicking his thumb against his lapel.
They pulled back, and brought their foreheads together. Thomas said something, barely a whisper, which was well beyond my earshot, but James’ incredulous reply, half-sobbed half-laughed came through clearly.
We put James on it with some effort. He was still conscious, yet it was clear that he was struggling with it. The blood loss had made him drowsy and sluggish, and I feared our ability to get to Marilès safely.
“Quite right, Watson. Intriguing as that alone may be, it does nothing to answer the question of where to find him tonight. I kept my eyes peeled upon his residence, not so foolish as to attempt a break-in, but enough to gather where the common gathering spots of other stationed officers may be. Those, like McGraw, tasked with the work of handling bureaucracy during the lull Her Majesty’s Navy has faced in recent years. Just a few streets from McGraw’s apartment, as well as the home of the Hamiltons, I located the Red Lion public house in St. James’s. Modest enough to not displace our humble Lieutenant, but frequented by enough of those alike him in a professional manner. So, that is our destination this evening, Watson. Are you amenable to join me?”
Her insistence on the matter brought me discomfort. If this case was too dangerous for my own participation, how was I to explain to Holmes the reasoning of such a thing? To show my disinterest now may implicate me with more attachment to the case than is true. My mind returns to the contents of the letter, of what Holmes said of words unspoken. Does he know more of this potential scandal than he allowed me to understand?
Rackham’s eyes met mine and I immediately understood why Vane needed the gun.
Thomas is the one who looks away now, seeming lost and out of place. He takes some time before answering. “I cannot— in these last two days, James has done little but sleep, which I cannot blame him for. He looks as if he has barely done so in the last five years. However, I cannot, will not simply assume that his feelings have stayed the same. I—” His hands bunch into fists as he fights something deep within himself. “The image of him was what kept me alive and sane through everything that has happened. I will never stop carrying him in my heart, as I have carried him all these years. However I am also painfully aware that it was my actions that lost him his career, something he has worked his whole life towards. I would be a fool to simply… hope that his heart still belongs to me.”
“...if he likes you well enough, he would even let you fuck his wife.”
“You met James and Miranda in America?” So many questions about this vibrant man ran through my mind, but the least invasive of them came to my mind first.
Breathless, Holmes went to tackle the man behind him and put him in an efficient headlock. James dodged a punch from his opponent. “Shoot the left one!” he yelled at Silver.
“From the little that I could read from the Admiral’s lips, I surmised that he was telling McGraw that there is a… well—a darkness within him. Something wild and rather dangerous, if his actions tonight were any indication. Should the Admiral’s assessment be correct—and remember, he looks to be a man who is intimately familiar with McGraw—we may indeed have a dangerous man on our hands. A delicacy is required in such circumstances to protect the lives of those in danger, one that may warrant more time upon this case than I previously suspected.”
“I will be all right,” Mary reassured me for what felt like the hundredth time, her hands gently resting on my shoulders.
“Quite right. You are a detective after all, I should have known better than to assume rumour was enough to incite your interest.” Lord Ashbourne reached into his inner coat pocket to retrieve what appeared to be an envelope. “This is a letter from one of her… paramours. It even has a name attached.”
“If it were up to me, Flint,” Max added loftily. “I would have let your stupid ass blow to bits.”
“Oh, do shut up Mr. Holmes. You are the least of my concerns at the moment.”
Thomas closes his eyes and swallows, taking deep breaths as much as he is able. It takes him some time to speak again. “It is all I have wanted. To know how he is. To know that he is well. That he is safe. That he is happy, even if he could be so without me at his side. And he-- he has been so alone, it seems. All this time, even though he has been surrounded by so many people who love him, he has been so alone.” Thomas shakes his head and Sherlock realises that he was probably speaking more to himself than he was to him. “No more. Never again, if I can help it.” He looks at Sherlock again, his eyes clearer, even if slightly red. “Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Holmes.”
…) cannot be named after him.
“What did you say?”
“Wait here,” he says quietly and approaches one of the officers. He talks to him shortly. Meanwhile, John tries to calm his abnormally rapid breath, fixing his eyes on the ground, only looking back up when he feels Sherlock’s soft grip on his shoulder. “Baker Street?”
When he calms himself down and looks at John, he sees the admiration in his eyes that he’s longed to see for so long, and it’s almost like six years ago when they were still young and innocent and free and God, it used to be so easy.
Because, how often could you possibly meet the right person? If you meet someone who seems perfect and then split from them, then from the logical point of view, they just weren’t perfect for you.
“It’s none of your business.”
"Is there anything left to say, though? Just look at yourself, Sherlock, look where this—”
. Sherlock just snorts ironically.
At least that’s what he keeps telling himself walking down the street. He couldn’t bare the mere thought of hailing a cab back to Baker Street alone.
"It’s destroying you inch by inch.” Sherlock sighs deeply, closing his eyes and running a trembling hand through his hair. "You shouldn’t have let that happen.”
That’s enough for him. That has to be enough for him.
“Christ,” John breathes and kisses him again. He unbuckles Sherlock’s belt and takes his trousers off, staring at the bulge in Sherlock’s pants before he takes them off.
Sherlock doesn’t thank him. Gregory knows.
Sherlock takes a moment to chew on that information. No Mary, from now on. But more importantly, no baby. John’s baby.
“Come here, Sherlock,” John says, using his other hand to wipe his eyes.
"Sherlock…”
Most often, after a few hours spent with Gregory or in his flat, taking clients, Sherlock goes out and keeps wandering around the city until the night falls down. Most often he ends up at the very same spot: at Northumberland St., in front of John’s new apartment’s doors.
“Take me,” Sherlock pants into John’s ear, moving his hips so John can feel his erection. He feels the unmistakable bulge in John’s trousers, too. “Take me, John. Fuck me. I want you inside me.”
The rain still pours down, covering Baker Street in a thin translucent curtain. Sherlock stands right next to the street, one arm stretched out, trying to catch a cab; in the other hand, John notices, he holds a half-smoked cigarette. John doesn’t speak, but gets a bit closer. Eventually, one of the black London cabs stops in front of 221B. Sherlock opens the door, letting John in first, takes the last puff and then puts out the cigarette and gets inside. He closes the door. The driver asks where to go and Sherlock hands him a small piece of paper with the address written down, and they go.
He tries to tell himself that he has been reprieved, after all. He has put a death sentence on himself and were it not for his brother, he would have paid for his sins. Nothing seems to work. The drain is still black with hair after he showers.
“Christ, Sherlock,” John says, his voice breaking. He cups Sherlock’s face in his hands, running his thumb over the trail one single tear left on his cheek. He hesitates for a moment, still penetrating Sherlock’s gaze with his, and then simply says:
goes dimly through his mind, but Sherlock’s not entirely aware of this thought.
say that,” he interrupts harshly, putting his feet on the ground and sitting up. "Don’t say that.”
After three months, their meetings reduce to two a week, at tops. After five months, Sherlock only sees him once a three weeks.
”I told you I wanted you to be there. With me. On my wedding.”
Both these universes are connected by the fact that thirty-four of John’s facial muscles contract.
Of course he thinks about it sometimes. He
He doesn’t think about it. If he’d just let go, if he’d said everything he never managed to say, if he’d risked… It doesn’t matter. They would find themselves right here today, anyway.
lonely he had to be. Back then Sherlock didn’t reply, and he also didn’t show he was wondering about the answer to that question. How was he supposed to measure loneliness? Was it even possible? He only knew it was possible to feel more or less lonely, he’d checked. It means there was some sort of measure which would allow him to test the degree or intensity of the factor someone once called loneliness.
Sherlock comes back home at three in the morning. His steps are quiet and steady — he must have found and, most probably, also taken care of the rapist’s arrest. John gets up from his chair the moment Sherlock stops at the doorstep.
He doesn’t see John for another eight days.
"All the signs are there.”
Eventually he gives up. The speech still sounds like a love letter but he is too drained to keep rewriting it.
Sherlock swallows back the last tears and chokes off laughter. He laughs louder and louder.
“Irrelevant?!” He hears that John’s got up from his chair. Panic starts flooding his mind and he can’t think of a reason good enough to leave and hide in his bedroom so he just stands in the corridor dumbfounded.
"No, no, no, no, no. It’s a joke.”
Sherlock tightens his lips.
Sherlock stops automatically. He hates the control John has over him. One word, that’s all it takes.
For a moment John only holds his gaze, and then nods his head and walks in.
"The signs?”
Sherlock is sure John’s grip on his arm will leave bruises.
He has no idea who first said that time cures all things. He only knows they must have been an idiot.
"Ah, I was just admiring the view, it’s a beautiful neighborhood,” he says.
John pushes Sherlock lightly, making him sit on the bed. He takes advantage of the sudden height difference and entangles his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, brushing it with his hand slowly, and Sherlock closes his eyes and surrenders to his caress. John takes his face in both hands and Sherlock opens his eyes, feeling John’s gaze all over himself. One of his hands moves to Sherlock’s lips; John circles his lips with his thumb, never looking away from Sherlock’s eyes.
John drops by a few times a week. At the beginning he helps him with cases, but as time goes by it becomes rare when he can actually
Sherlock reaches for his hand and their fingers intertwine immediately, and John looks up at him.
John just looks at him for a moment with disbelief in his eyes, then shakes his head to clear it. He leans down and presses their mouths together.
"Not this time.”
“Could it always be like that?” John says, his voice husky and barely above whisper.
In a different universe maybe he’d have what he’d always wanted. Maybe, in that universe, he comes clean, and John
Lestrade takes him on every single case, even the most obvious ones, and Sherlock never denies.
He doesn’t fight the tears that well up his eyes; at best John will mistake them for joy. He realises John loves him in his innocent, friendly way, and that demanding anything more is stupid, is bad, is idiotic. He, Sherlock Holmes, is a fool for thinking a man as good as John could ever want anything more. He’s a fool.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
Lestrade just looks at him and Sherlock knows what’s coming.
At first, they both stand still. The night’s silence is disturbed only by their balanced breaths. John takes the first slow step towards Sherlock. Sherlock doesn’t move, only watches him. When John stops right in front of him, Sherlock lowers his head. John’s heartbeat increases rapidly, his heart is beating so strong that John quickly realises what he’s doing right now must be right. He raises his hand and caresses Sherlock’s cold cheek with his fingers. Sherlock sighs lightly at the touch of the warm hand, tightening his lips. John does not stop touching his face in the most delicate caress until Sherlock raises his gaze and crashes the last barrier in him. John lowers his hand, grasping Sherlock’s coattails, taking it off him and hanging it on the hanger behind them. Sherlock doesn’t move; for a moment John only studies him, examines his body, his half-closed eyelids, his slightly parted lips, or his chest moving as he breathes out. Finally, he cups Sherlock’s face in his hands, sliding them down his jaw, his neck and farther down his chest. John is slow and careful, examining the texture of his skin, brushing it against the fabric of his shirt.
Finally, during one evening when only the "how’ve you been?” is shared, John finds the courage.
"Best friend,” he repeats dumbly because that’s what it all comes down to. He feels unprovoked irritation, but he won’t let it show.
He does not wonder if he should knock; he doesn’t knock. He takes out the key he never returned to Mrs. Hudson or Sherlock, opens the door to 221B Baker Street and walks inside. He closes the door behind him and goes straight upstairs.
, and maybe his lips crash Sherlock’s in a heated kiss.
His last revelation seems to break something in John. Before he realizes what’s happening, John is right next to his chair, leaning forward and then straddling him. His lips meet Sherlock’s and he’s kissing him so fiercely Sherlock is sure he’ll draw blood, but, God, he can’t think about it now. Now it’s
John’s hand moves on to his chest.
Sherlock doesn’t bring himself up from his knees until he hears the bed creak under John’s weight.
He feels John’s lips on his and opens his mouth, allowing their tongues to touch, to feel his own taste on his tongue. He wraps his arm around John’s naked body, pulling him closer, surging his hips to meet John’s.
“You’re so thin,” John breathes over his skin, the warm, shuddered air making goosebumps appear.
Eventually some afternoon John drops by at Baker Street after work, and sits next to Sherlock on the sofa. Their knees are touching, but
John scowled at him, hoping against hope that a stern look could stop the deduction.
“Right,” John chuckled. “That’s enough soppy talk for two blokes in the middle of the night. I’m going back to bed. You should get some sleep too. You’ll have to be awake
As John moved, Sherlock flinched and looked over his shoulder. “Sorry. It’s just hard having someone right behind me.”
“Could you bring me an aspirin and a cup of tea, please? And an updated list of our current positions for medical personnel within Greater London.”
“I certainly endeavour to be.”
“Please. They have been haunting my dreams since that night in the lab. I need to see what they look like in real life.”
A mortal with a heart
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
“I want to hurt the people who hurt you.” The words came out of his mouth before he knew he was going to say them, and judging from Sherlock’s quick look over his shoulder, they were both equally surprised.
“Oh, so you think that would be a good idea, do you?” Lestrade almost yelled into the phone. “I don’t know about any weaknesses of his, but I am aware one thing. John Watson has had it up to here with your snooping and sticking your nose into his and Sherlock’s lives. That man has been to hell and back, and most of his troubles have been connected to you in some way. So if he treats himself to a couple of beers or a little good whisky now and then, I am quite certain that he has earned it. You stay out of his life and leave him alone, do you hear me?”
Her friends had shrieked again, one of them slapping the table.
John froze. He had heard and used the expression many times before but never realised that it was possible to actually freeze. Perfectly still, not functioning, not capable of neither thought nor action.
John stepped forward, staring at the red scar on Sherlock’s chest. It still got to him. It didn’t matter that he knew it had healed, that the red blood was contained within new but perfectly healthy scar tissue. It still felt like it was running out of Sherlock, seeping onto the floor and into his chest cavity, draining him.
“What do you need?” Her voice squeaked unpleasantly but at least she got the words out.
“I don’t know.”
The Christmas tree glittered in the dark corner of the room. Sherlock turned around so that Rosie could see the tree over his shoulder. “Look, Rosie. A Christmas tree.”
“Sherlock, stop that right now!” John barked. Sherlock froze. John didn’t bring out that voice very often.
A moment later, John realised that Sherlock hadn’t leaned forward. He was just sitting there, stubbornly waiting for John to feed him. John’s pulse went up again. Fine. He’d feed him. But as he moved the cake towards Sherlock’s mouth, a strange jitter of nerves came over him. What were they doing?
The scent of greasy Chinese wafted from Sherlock’s coat as he floated up the stairs in front of John. Day had turned to night and the darkness of the stairwell was playing tricks on John’s eyes, making him think that Sherlock was wavering, about to fall. Looking up at Sherlock from below was always a challenge, John thought, but as long as he was walking up stairs it was usually fine. It was actually worse to be behind Sherlock when he was going down the stairs. If he was wearing his coat, John couldn’t see if his feet were sure on the steps, or if he was about to stumble to his death.
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
“I know, Sherlock. You already have changed.” John frowned and pinched his mouth shut for a moment before continuing. “I intend to change too, you know. I went back to Ella last week, and I’m starting an anger management program after New Year’s.”
“Correct, three and a half years old. Anyway, children that age need their parents, I have been told, and since her mother is not with us anymore, this lot falls to John. It is imperative that he does not succumb to his weakness for alcohol, don’t you agree?”
He had been twenty minutes early and had gone to meet Susy in the pub outside her office. She’d mentioned she might go there for a drink with her co-workers before meeting him for dinner. As he walked in from the cold, there was a roar of laughter from the corner by the bar, and in midst of the noise, he had heard Susy’s bright voice.
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
Mycroft had very mixed feelings about John Watson. On one hand, he had been very good for Sherlock, and very loyal to him. On the other hand, he had treated him worse than anyone else, to the point of even abusing him. And Sherlock seemed to have no limits as to what he would allow John Watson to do to him -- or what he himself would do for John Watson.
“Are you coming down with a cold, John?” John liked it when he was polite.
Sherlock’s face turned soft. “You thinking that I was dead, and getting on with your life, was the best possible protection for all three of you. I didn’t realise that you would grieve, but the fact that you did provided extra protection.”
Sherlock sat immobile for a moment, but then he stood up and started unbuttoning his dark red shirt.
“No, don’t,” he said. “It will be nice for Rosie if she has another nightmare and wakes up. She’ll be able to see the lights from the top of the stairway if she comes looking for us.”
“She told me not to tell you. She was quite insistent. At that moment, it felt like a threat.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I was hoping to fly under the radar while I pushed two warring factions into taking each other out.”
“What?”
And we will make you a mortal
“Careful, Rosie. The tree can topple over if you push it.” Sherlock had taken care to place all delicate ornaments at the top, making sure they hung securely from the branches and would not fall down easily. At the bottom were sturdier ornaments that would not get sharp edges if broken.
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
“I’ll have to change trains five times.”
John burst out laughing. “You are incorrigible.”
“Why?” Another stupid question, but what could he do.
Fear gripped Mycroft’s heart. Here it comes, he thought.
Mycroft hung up and Molly was left staring at her phone. Did John know she was coming? Did Sherlock know that his brother was meddling? Probably not, but neither of them would be surprised.
Slowly, Sherlock put the bottles back in the cupboard, pulled off his gloves and goggles, put them back on the shelf and closed the door.
Ah. Fighting anger with passive aggressive levity. A classic Watson tactic. He’d best join in, then, Sherlock thought.
“What?” The question had roused John, but he seemed annoyed rather than pleased.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock took the cup and closed the door again, softly but decisively.
He walked out into the kitchen, where a picture perfect Christmas cake was placed at the centre of the table. The icing was flawless, white and smooth. No frilly decorations had been placed on top, just a dark brown silk ribbon tied around the base. Mrs Hudson must have bought a new holiday food magazine.
So, that's it then. Hope you enjoyed it!
Flailing for something to say, something to make his whirlpool of a brain catch up with what his body was doing, John looked down at the cake and said stupidly “It’s a very good cake.”
John walked over to Sherlock’s chair and did his best to loom over him. How did the man manage to be so tall even when sitting down? He thrust the cake towards Sherlock’s face. “Eat the cake.” The icing was starting to crumble under his fingers and small pieces of sugar and marzipan fell into Sherlock’s lap, dotting his blue silk dressing gown like white snow flakes.
“Don’t take this the wrong way, Sherlock, but would you have a whisky with me?”
There is a hole there now
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
He enters
(See the end of the chapter for
John had started clearing his throat, as if it was irritated.
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
“It has come to my attention that John has been struggling lately. Considering his daughter is no more than three years old …”
I know the shape of the hole in my chest
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
“Yes. One of the first days, while I was still given high doses of painkillers.”
John dropped the cake on the side table and cupped Sherlock’s face as quickly as he could, before the man retreated irretrievably. “Thank you.” He looked into Sherlock’s eyes, searching for a yes.
“What?” John was getting agitated.
Sherlock frowned and hid his face in the crook of John’s neck. “Did not.”
Disobey orders again
The woman in charge is going to touch a faulty bottle
“Will you have a whisky with me and see if we can manage a conversation without shouting or storming out?” John said.
In that desert
The stairway creaked softly from John’s feet padding down the stairs. “Hi there,” he whispered from the doorway.
“No. Mycroft got me out at that point.”
“Right.” Lestrade sounded suspicious.
“Dr Watson is going to assist my brother on a case of a sensitive nature. They are going to have to attend a very formal dinner party and he will need a dress suit of impeccable fit. Sherlock has arranged for him to have it fitted at Ainsworth’s at twelve o’clock today, but I am afraid that Dr Watson’s innate
Time suddenly seemed to shrink and John wished he could do this afternoon all over again, this time staying with Sherlock and asking him every single question he could think of. “Okay. Let me get my bags,” he said.
“Come, Rosie. Let’s go look in the living room. I have been working on a surprise for you and Daddy.”
“Well, that’s not really an accurate description,” Sherlock rumbled from the living room. “Fermented, distilled and then aged, I should say.”
John stomped harder on the creaking steps to erase the image of their horrified faces from his mind. He had turned around and left, expecting Susy to come after him. As he had walked through the door, he had shot a glance over his shoulder. Susy hadn’t been running after him, apologising. She had been looking down, shaking with repressed laughter, trying to keep her face in control until he left the pub. He had let the door slam behind him. Another roar of laughter slipped through the crack before the door closed shut.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock shuddered and gasped hotly against John’s skin. “I’m glad you came home.”
A cup of hot, black coffee in one hand and her mobile in the other, Molly sat down in the canteen. She opened her text messages and reread her latest conversation with DI Lestrade.
“So am I.” John slid his arms down to embrace Sherlock, hard. “So. Am. I.”
“Oh my God, you were having sex with a fruit cake!”
John dropped the cake on the side table and cupped Sherlock’s face as quickly as he could, before the man retreated irretrievably. “Thank you.” He looked into Sherlock’s eyes, searching for a yes.
Sherlock put the bottles down next to the sink and opened the kitchen window. “I need to clean this flask. Residue is contaminating my experiment.”
The Christmas cake was untouched, which made the anger claw in John’s chest again. “You haven’t even tasted the cake!” he roared.
Something in the flat started beeping and John felt his adrenaline spike as he looked around for danger. A moment later, he realised that it was the coffee machine. He padded back to the kitchen and poured a cup, drinking it at the counter while he waited for his hands to stop shaking. Just like that, all the contentment from the past few days of excitement and silliness and well deserved rest was gone, blown away by a few words from Sherlock and the beep of a household appliance. Stockholm suddenly felt very cold and very alien.
“Yes.” Sherlock lifted his chin, staring at John’s mouth again.
These days, Sherlock played a very small part in her life. He would occasionaly visit the morgue to look at a corpse and she sometimes bumped into him when visiting Mrs Hudson. Her infatuation with him had long since faded away and she thought of him like a friend, or perhaps a relative that she cared for but had long since given up hope of truly understanding. But the nightmare stayed the same, and the dread it left behind felt as real as if Sherlock was still the love of her life and she was still guarding the secret of his survival.
“You want me to go with John to the tailor?” The request was so absurd that Molly was certain it must be some sort of code. She squeezed the coffee cup for warmth, but realised that she was crushing the thin plastic and put it down to avoid an accident.
“Not really.”
And then he enters
“Yes.”
John held up his hand to stop him. “You didn’t realise that I would grieve?” he asked again. Even his voice sounded cold, as if that bucket of ice water had seeped into his very soul.
John chuckled and went to get the glasses in the kitchen, navigating between scientific equipment and piles of newspapers. It always amazed him how Sherlock constantly managed to make a complete mess of the place, while still keeping some invisible structure intact so that John always knew where to find the things he needed. He opened the cabinet and took out a bottle and two glasses.
Flailing for something to say, something to make his whirlpool of a brain catch up with what his body was doing, John looked down at the cake and said stupidly “It’s a very good cake.”
“So we were … There were … He did …”
I let him stay
“I knew that it was a possibility.”
John seemed to sense his embarrassment and started walking down the stairs. “Let’s go look at that tree, then.”
And then, finally, they kissed.
To give away
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
“Where did it come from? I had no idea you were getting a tree.”
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
Chuckling, John started walking up the stairs. “Good night, Sherlock,” he said over his shoulder.
“Really?” The choir switched to a new song. John had no idea what they were singing, but it sounded angelic.”I wish we had this in London.”
He walked out into the kitchen, where a picture perfect Christmas cake was placed at the centre of the table. The icing was flawless, white and smooth. No frilly decorations had been placed on top, just a dark brown silk ribbon tied around the base. Mrs Hudson must have bought a new holiday food magazine.
“Yes you did.” John dragged his fingertips up into Sherlock’s hair, scraping his scalp.
The meal was hot, greasy and absolutely delicious. They didn’t talk much, focusing on the chopsticks and on pretending that John wasn’t leaving and Sherlock wasn’t staying in a foreign country.
John drank the last dregs of his latte and walked out into the cold, damp Stockholm winter.
“Tomorrow is Christmas Day,” Sherlock started. He was about to explain the origins of Christmas, but stopped himself in time. Instead, he started humming Silent Night. Soon, Rosie was leaning her head against his chest, her eyes drooping.
John looked up at Sherlock. “How could you not know?”
“Metal shackles rubs skin raw very quickly, it seems.”
“You are wonderful with her. She adores you.”
John grinned back at him. “It’s Susy. And no. I can’t even remember what she looks like." He pushed his fingers back into Sherlock's hair.  "But I might send her a fruit cake for Christmas.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, Lestrade and Molly are taking my luggage to the car. I’ll catch up with them in a moment,” John had said.
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
“So, to what do I owe the pleasure? Have you got the results back?”
John realised that he was gripping hard again, holding Sherlock too tight which must be both uncomfortable and triggering for him. With effort, John relaxed his fingers and let his thumbs smooth the soft skin on the inside of Sherlock’s wrist, feeling the occasional bump of thicker scar tissue.
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
Mycroft gritted his teeth. There was no reason to snap at Anthea just because she was last in a long line of people not doing as they were told. “Thank you, that would be most kind.”
“Now you eat. Take a bite.” Sherlock’s face was neutral, but his voice had a tinge of both a challenge and a plea.
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
John had intended to get straight to it, but it took him half a glass of whisky to gather enough courage to ask. Finally, he took a deep breath and said “I want to see them.”
“Eh, no.” Lestrade sounded confused. “Well, I was on the phone but the call got disconnected somehow. It doesn’t matter, I’ll call her back later.”
John clenched his fist on the armrest of the chair and took another sip of his drink. OK, Sherlock thought, there’s the rage back again.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “I see you haven’t had your dinner yet. You get grumpy when you don’t eat.”
Sherlock looked a little less skeptical.
The soldier
“No, there is not. No reason that I can see, Sherlock.” John cleared his throat and swallowed audibly. “You have got to stop doing this. I can’t …”
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
He turned back. Sherlock looked small and lonely in the middle of the big hall.
That had finally made John start from the beginning, and get to the wonderful end. He wanted Sherlock to come live with him and Rosie. He wanted Sherlock to be there, every day. He didn’t want him for the adventure, or the adrenaline, or the danger. He wanted them to be friends, to be housemates, to be in each other’s lives always for no other reason than that they fit together like no two other people did. And he wanted him to be there for Rosie.
“What are you doing?”
Lestrade laughed so hard that he dropped his phone. Molly felt a grin spread on her face and her shoulders drop back down into place. She would get through this day too.
“He should be here at 12:46, then,” Sherlock said, which earned him another punch in the arm. He bent down to pull the plug on the Christmas lights, but John stopped him.
Sherlock thought for a moment. “You’d better pour me a whisky then, John. Let’s see if the age old ritual of two men, a fire and two glasses of distilled, fermented grain mash can keep my facial muscles mobile.” He bent down to start the fire in the grate.
“Snipers? There were snipers?” John realised that he had flinched when he felt Sherlock’s hands tug on his wrists from the movement.
Sherlock stayed silent for a long time, turning his hands to cradle John’s wrists with his long, calloused fingers.
After putting the cork back on the bottle, John took a deep breath and seemed to allow the anger back in. “Why on EARTH do you have nitric acid and hydrochloric acid IN THE KITCHEN?!”
John stomped up the stairs, shame still burning his cheeks. It was one thing to be dumped. That had happened too many times to count. Not being up to scratch in bed was worse, but well, not everyone were compatible sexually. He could live with that. Anyway, most of the girls mentioned Sherlock rather than his performance as the reason for the breakup and he couldn’t fault them. Cases with Sherlock was better than sex, there was no way around it. Even if he would never admit that aloud to anyone.
Deadly
John wasn’t fooled. He knew that Sherlock was on edge. But he was choosing to do this, to allow John this courtesy. Stepping closer, John looked away for a moment, preparing.
“Thank you. Your assistance will be most appreciated.”
“Mary visited me in hospital, after I was shot.”
“Yes. More so lately.”
John took Sherlock’s glass and stepped into the kitchen, picking up his own glass on the way. He took care not to look at Sherlock, to give him the space that he seemed to need to prepare for what they were about to do.
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
Exhausted after a long day investigating, a long evening at the dinner party and a very long night at the after party, they had spent most part of the next day asleep in the little flat Sherlock had borrowed in Stockholm’s Old Town. At three o’clock in the afternoon, when darkness was falling outside, Mycroft had called John and demanded that he wake Sherlock. A large number of people had wanted explanations -- the police, the literary academy, and even someone representing the Swedish royal court.
One more, they said
“Yes, Sherlock, you do. Whenever anyone gets within ten feet of anything personal or you risk showing an emotion, you pull the shutters down so that no one can get to you. That makes it difficult to have an honest conversation.”
Sherlock’s eyelids slid half shut. “Because I wanted something of mine in your mouth.”
Sherlock looked as surprised as if John had struck him.
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
“Yes.”
John didn’t know how to integrate the these rewritten memories of Mary with the idealised image of Rosie’s mother that he tried to instil in his daughter’s young mind. He had placed portraits of Mary at toddler height and tried to tell Rosie little stories over dinner about what an amazing mother she had been. Maybe this was one of the reasons he was finding it so difficult to keep up the pretence of being a good father. Good fathers didn’t go around blackening their memories of their late wives, did they?
