“Yes, see you.” Sherlock grabbed his book and his blanket.
“I’ve got you, love,” he breathes. “I’ve got you.”
“Why did you want me to stop?” Sherlock pants against John’s mouth.
“We’ll be out in a minute,” Sherlock called back and decided he would get out of the pool first, so John’s bare backside wouldn’t cause any more trouble to the interested party between his legs.
Sherlock what he felt once this Moriarty mess would be over …
"And?" John presses on.
“What do you want?” Sherlock inquires without any formalities.
“Yes,” Sherlock croaked and tried to clear his throat to no avail. John kissed the base before his fingers took hold of it and he smeared wet kisses over his entire length. “Oh God– John– ahh! Hnnng–“
“You and I both know there is just one possible, reasonable thing to do," Sherlock says. "I thank you for all you've done for me, for all you've given me – and for Rosie. I'll always love you, John." He grabs John and kisses him again, short but loving nonetheless, in front of an eye-rolling Eurus. It gives John little consolation. He kisses back as well as he can, clinging to Sherlock’s coat. It’s over before he can get lost in the sensation, but then, this isn’t the place or the time. Sherlock lets go and walks towards the end of the roof. “It’s the right thing to do,” he repeats – whether for John or himself, the doctor couldn't possibly say.
“You don’t have to do this,” John whispers into his hair, stroking gently over Sherlock’s back.
“Yes,” he nodded. “I planned to go this afternoon, but Irene arranged other plans for me.”
“Oh, don’t start.” Sherlock bumped against his shoulder.
This is a different melody, though. Softer. Fuller. More hopeful.
“You two know each other?” John inquired, his eyes wandering between Sherlock and the young lady.
“Better rare than non-existent,” John countered.
He didn’t know why or how he had ended up on a train with the guy that had somehow won his heart within mere minutes and tortured him for the weeks to come until they had found themselves on an evening that included too much liquor and just the right amount of dancing at an event Sherlock actually despised and eventually led to very drunken love-making in the dead hours of the morning, but maybe he shouldn’t look for a reason. Not this time. Perhaps the reality was enough. It was enough to slip his hand into the warm pocket of John’s jacket into which John reached afterwards to close his hand around his own. It was enough to conjure a smile on John’s face as he asked him to tell him about his “adventures” chasing criminals all over London and watch that smile turn into astonishment, wonder, and amazement. It was enough to be asked to deduce the people who walked past them in the aisle and to hear him giggle as he complimented Sherlock on how incredible he was. It was enough to be welcomed by his parents as though John were already part of the family. It was enough to feel his breath on the back of his neck with his body wrapped around Sherlock's own after they had made love under the covers and tried to stifle their moans and gasps, so his parents didn't hear them.
Sherlock. He is sitting in his chair. 221B.
He pulled back a few moments later and rested his head on John’s chest, enjoying the warm hands in his hair and on his back.
"He's making a funny face," Eurus Holmes says as she raises the gun, pointing it at his head. "I think I'll put a hole in it."
He is kneeling on the ground, looking for things the explosion had left in one piece. There is Sherlock's skull. Slightly burnt, the colour of the bones is darker now, brown. Sherlock finds the bull that had been hanging on their wall ever since John had moved in. He spots the headphones he always wore and puts them to their rightful place.
He wasn’t given the chance to deduce where John had actually been. He probably
Something brushed his lips and then something that tasted like water moistened his lips. He swallowed the welcome liquid eagerly. It seemed to be the only function of his body that still worked properly.
stupid.”
Lestrade
John started with the service which, from Sherlock’s standpoint, was pretty vigorous already. Greg jumped when the ball was about to cross the net and tried to block it, only managing to hit it with his fingertips. Sherlock rushed forward and almost landed on his knees as he tried to bump the ball back to Greg, thankfully hitting it with just enough force for Greg to smash it back into John’s half and score the first point.
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
John let go of him, and he sank to the ground, holding his middle.
John sank into the welcoming comfort of his armchair. “Yeah, took me long enough, though,” he sighed and closed his eyes for a moment. “Could you make us some tea, love, please? I’d love a cuppa.”
When his head sinks back against the pillow, his entire body is aching. His back and neck feel terribly stiff. He tries to turn to his other side with little luck, but his neck thankfully allows him to crane his head just a bit further. It is still hard to identify the silhouettes in the darkness, but the blur is dissipating slowly.
"Don't need to," John replies. "Your heart is beating so fast I can feel it thumping against your ribs." He rests his hands on Sherlock's waist, carefully turning him around to face him. He smiles up at Sherlock, sees how the detective's eyes dart down to his own lips. So John stands up on tiptoes, pressing a loving kiss to Sherlock's mouth who gasps again, hands coming up to trail through John's hair.
When John finally (finally!) came home that day, Sherlock let out a weary sigh. He pressed his palms against his eyes and then ran both hands though his rumpled and tousled curls.
And then the words came without restraint, without second-guessing them, without even knowing how they found their way out so easily, openly. “I love you, John.”
»What about the one you’ve hidden underneath your bed in your room?« Sherlock wanted to know and raised his eyebrows.
When John was looking at him again, Sherlock asked, “So you decided to go on vacation as soon as exam period ended?”
“It was just her, nobody else,” Sherlock countered.
»Besides, your parents asked me if I wanted to come over for Christmas dinner again.«
Sherlock was quiet for a moment.
Sherlock didn’t answer; he couldn’t. His entire body was shaking even though he knew it was only a dream and if he said something now, he was certain his voice would be shaking, too. He wanted to save himself that embarrassment if at all possible. He closed his eyes again and was glad he was facing the wall. He simply couldn’t look at John now so he pretended to still be asleep. Perhaps he was lucky and John would believe it.
Yeah, thought I was, but I looked at the wrong schedule. I’ll see you tonight. Don’t blow up the flat whilst I’m out. –J
A silent chuckle resonated in the room, loud in Sherlock’s ears, louder than the panting, the shallow breathing, the rustling sheets and the wet kisses.
____________________
, and at the moment, that feels quite overwhelming on its own.
"Wait. Is there no-one to pick you up? Shall I call you a cab?"
He realised his heart was pounding so hard in his chest it made his entire body ache. He’d never felt so nervous and
“Full body play, very good,” Greg nodded towards him with an appreciative smile and raised his hand to give him a high-five. Sherlock hesitated for a moment. He had seen his classmates do this all the time after they had scored a point when the situation had seemed a bit unpromising; and yet nobody had ever wanted to do so with him. Not a single time.
"I take it you like what you see," John smirked and took off his shorts as well. He bent over to grab them and throw them next to Sherlock, revealing his not even slightly chubby sides. When he straightened up again, his gaze fell upon his swimming trunks that should have been forbidden.
“And you didn’t come to me for help like you usually do."
“You’re tense,” he said, and his thumb stroked over his shirt-clad skin. It was more than distracting.
»God,« John gasped and closed his eyes. »Like that,« he breathed and tried to meet Sherlock’s strokes by thrusting into his fist, moaning softly.
"Nothing less than that," John chuckled softly, "which is good 'cause I might ask for one in return some day."
John holds him close, not minding the mess that stats to dry between their bodies.
“It’s up to you,” John said, taking another bite of his pancake. “I can pick you up afterwards, too. If you want to go out somewhere, that is.”
calm down. And it worked, didn’t it?«
“Took me too long to figure out that I do,” Sherlock says. “You’re not the only idiot in that respect.”
Meanwhile, Sherlock frantically tries to turn off the bomb, muttering under his breath.
Their lips brushed lightly at first, but soon John found Sherlock’s tongue in the enveloping heat of his mouth. Sherlock gasped and let his head fall back back and sink into the cushion behind him.
It’s barely six; breakfast is not before seven thirty. He raises his hands to his face, pressing his palms against his eyes, wincing as he does so. His chest feels like a bomb, about to explode whenever he does a wrong movement.
John didn't expect this question. He should have, considering the wedding, the awkwardness of their conversation, Sholto's reluctance, his guilt.
John closes his eyes, desperately wishing that that image would leave his mind.
“The things you got up to in my dreams,” John shakes his head. “Unspeakable.”
"There are … several things, actually," he says, looking a little confused. "I've found a footprint in her room – well, not a clear print per se, but a few crumbs of soil and plants and whatever sticks to the sole of one's shoe. The kidnapper left us some clues with that."
»Welcome back, Mr Snowman,« John chuckled softly, standing in the doorway to the sitting room.
There is a shot. Then another. Flying through the air without resistance. John's heart is racing faster than he can run. He closes his eyes and ignores the pain, the dull ache inside him. His legs are wobbly, but he keeps going. A third loud boom reaches his ears, numbing him, deafening him. His pace falters.
He was surprised when John suggested they share one. He almost wanted to ask if that wasn't too obvious, but he managed to hold himself back just in time. Instead, he appreciated the gesture and gave in with a smile. "All right, then."
He did have enough money to buy another ticket, but he outright refused to do so. He would be damned if he gave up so quickly.
He cleared his throat and set down the glass. »Do you– would you like to dance?« he asked Sherlock and held out his hand.
“I’ve got the rest at home. There are 18 of them,” he laughed as he poured them each a cup of tea.
“Um, pardon?“ Sherlock asked, his eyes widening a little.
“No.”
Whey had he let Irene convince him to go in the end?
With a quick tug, John’s pants joined the pile of clothes that already lay on the floor.
It got dark, but he didn't feel like eating anything. Eventually, his head found its place on his cold pillow, and his eyes fell closed, burning sensitively as though someone had thrown a bucket of salt into them. No more tears would fall, but this one word kept on resonating through his mind, again and again and again, until he fell asleep imagining John's arm wound loosely around his waist and his cool breath faintly against his neck.
“Goodnight, you two,” Karla said, standing in the door. “Sleep well.”
Once Rosie is in her highchair, John sits down, too. "Thanks for," he clears his throat. "For staying and taking care of her last night. I didn't even hear her…"
»Involving butyric acid, yes,« Sherlock lied and smiled from ear to ear.
“Sit.”
“This is not the time for abstract metaphors.”
They reached the end of the album eventually; a single photo on the last page. There were little to no pictures of his time during late secondary school because he didn't let other people photograph him anymore, but the last one's heading was "Year 11 Prom", and it showed Sherlock dancing with a girl who was smiling up at him. Sherlock smiled back at her, but when he looked closely at his face, he saw it was mostly forced. He hadn't planned to go to prom at all, but Molly had persuaded him. She was the only person with whom he got on well, who didn't hate him for who he was and who wanted to spend as much time with him as she could. They used to pair up for science assignments, mostly Molly asked him and he accepted because he knew there was nobody else who was intelligent enough or willing to work with him at all. She was nice, but also hopelessly in love with him and also very bad at hiding it. Sherlock had told her he wasn't into that sort of thing and he was glad she accepted it back then. They remained friends, and he was grateful to have her around, to have at least someone who defended him when other people were throwing insults his way. She didn't seem like a strong girl, but she was passionate about the things and people she loved, and she didn't let others get to her or Sherlock, at least she didn't let it show. Sherlock knew she wasn't at tough as she pretended to be, but she definitely changed in the time of knowing him. She grew more confident and strong.
Instead, the smartphone screen crashed into a thousand pieces when it hit the ground – not unlike John's heart when his owner's body landed on the hard pavement.
And Rosie.
“You already played with me. What’s so bad about them?”
John was standing in front of his bed Sherlock was sitting on, cross-armed and cross-legged.
John hummed understandingly. It made Sherlock look up into John’s eyes. He hated what he saw in them now. Regret. Sadness. Pity?
Sherlock closed his eyes, the punch made him feel light-headed and the music ran through his veins like the electric current he felt again. Everything was the way it should be.
"I heard you reading to her," John says quietly, a smile tugging at his lips. He nods towards Sherlock's chair, inclining his head; a silent request for Sherlock to join him.
He is on the verge of toppling forward when a clamorous bang fills the air, followed by a pained scream and a crying baby. His heart races too fast, his lungs heave too much with every gulping breath he forces himself to take, his legs almost giving out under the sheer weight of guilt and fear and horror, and he trembles. Trembles on the edge of the roof, the ground so close, so close.
»Don’t worry. I have done so for a long time and don’t intend on stopping anytime soon,« John answered and his grin only widened when he saw Sherlock’s now very displeased look.
This is the Sherlock that has kept talking to him all this time. At least that part hasn’t changed.
Their bodies pressed against one another, fitting together like two halves, like lock and key, and Sherlock shifted to feel every inch of John against him, inside him, around him.
“John,” Sherlock gasped, the sensation of John rolling his hips slowly almost pushing him over the edge, so John closed his hand around the most sensitive part of him.
"This isn't what I meant, though. I meant a relationship," John objects.
John’s hands and lips were everywhere and Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure how long he would still be able to keep himself together. His chest was heaving and every part of his body was trembling from both pleasure and anxiety.
"And he… he cried?"
, it won’t change how I feel about you.”
“Hi,” John smiled when he saw him.
come in handy every now and then–«
want to?« John asked him carefully, needing to be certain. »Because if you don’t, it’s totally all right. Like I said, I don’t have any expectations and if we never do anything else but kissing, I wouldn’t change my mind … about us, I mean.«
“You really look like you could do with some fun,” the guy said with a greasy grin.
»I work
Sherlock’s lids fall closed, but his eyes move rapidly behind them. John is still amazed by how quickly Sherlock disappears into his mind palace sometimes.
Sherlock nearly bumps into Mycroft who enters John's room directly after him, eyes trailing after his brother.
, he is about to say but manages to stop himself before he gives those thoughts a voice. "You've taken care of Rosie for more than two weeks now. You need a break, too."
»Looks like it’s not going to stop snowing anytime soon,« he mused as Sherlock picked up a wooden log.
," Sherlock snorted. "None of them ever caught my interest. They were boring, chatting about makeup and gossiping all the time. I'm glad I was no part of that. Besides, feelings just get in the way of rational thinking. They cloud your judgement and leave you unable to assess objectively."
What would he give for one of John’s shoulder massages instead. That would loosen him up properly. God knew what they had planned for him …
Sherlock apologises again. It's heartfelt this time. It warms John's insides. He wants to reach out and pull him into his arms and doesn't want to think about the fact that this might not be welcomed.
“Do you know how often I thought of you like this?” John whispered into his ear, a silent susurration. “And when I saw you sneak into the last row at rugby matches, I found myself hoping I’d have the chance someday.”
“Are you sure about that?” Mike asked. Sherlock saw him staring intently at him out of the corner of his left eye. He raised his glass again.
"You didn't look very pleased on that one," John remarked carefully.
close.
“I know,” he answered and then hesitated. “I’m sorry.”
“Do you really–“
Just John and him. On a proper date. Dinner. And then a film back at John’s place. And then, well …
He goes back to the house in the suburbs one last time, to face her, to tell her, to break things off and apologise. He can deal with the guilt on another day. When he arrives, he finds her packing. “It’s all right, John. No need to say anything.”
The hand that had taken his own tightens its grip. He looks up to where the man is standing. He wants to form words, but it's so painful with such a dry mouth and his body and chest aching all over. "Sh…," he begins, swallowing once more. "Sh'lock…"
"I know I've hurt you, but … will you at least listen to what I've got to say?"
Sometimes John's eyes were calm as the sea on a warm summer's day – as blue as the sky, gleaming brightly with the sun's reflections; sometimes they were dark and dangerous, his pupils blown wide and his irises resembled a storm raging across the ocean. Right now, they looked like the latter.
“Regular repetition, huh?” John smirks at him. “I think that’ll be manageable.”
Overcome with the desire to touch whatever part of John that he could reach, he ran his fingers over his pebbled left nipple down to his neglected erection. Only in that moment did he realise that he had merely laid his eyes on it but never actually reached for it, taken it in his hand. John had done most of the work during their first night together, the first time they were intimate.
“Look at me and tell me you’re happy,” Sherlock told him.
“I was just gonna grab a flannel. This the bathroom?” he asked, pointing to the adjacent door.
When they parted, their foreheads rested against each other for a moment before Sherlock buried his face in John’s neck, breathing in his scent smelling of lavender and coffee and something that was just uniquely John. His fingers were caressing Sherlock’s scalp as his breathing slowly evened out, keeping his eyes closed.
He grabs the bag and tries not to hiss, thankfully making it out of sight without showing any weakness. It still hurts. It’s still painful, but he has got it under control.
Sherlock dared to look down at John who had closed his eyes as if to cherish the entire experience. A small smile appeared on his lips when he got his head around it.
Sherlock nodded and closed his eyes once more.
“I never thought I would say this, but before I dance to Britney Spears, I’ll need more alcohol.”
His muscles loosened up, his heart rate slowed; he blocked out all the noise and focussed on the wind against his face and in his hair, on the smell of saltwater reaching his nose and the German lady's instructions that were barely louder than they needed to be for everyone to hear them.
Greg was slightly taller than John. His hair was dark brown, but a bit lighter than Sherlock's own. He was just as muscular as John, and his face looked very friendly and open. There were a few wrinkles around his eyes when he laughed, which he seemed to do all the time.
“You should’ve paid attention, then,” Sherlock said, trying to gain the lead again. “What does the winner get?”
John laughed at that. “Trust me, I don’t think he will be with me, but I’ll find a way to tell me the truth.”
Mycroft had told him the same thing over and over again when they had been younger. “You don’t have to conform to anything. You’re different, so what? Why would you mind? Why would
Purely imagining it made him feel dizzy and he felt the need to get away; he needed a moment. He simply couldn’t keep dancing with John and think about what might happen later on tonight. He lost control over his brain and more and more images flashed through his mind. He had to leave immediately, just for a few minutes.
Sherlock dismisses it, waives it off. “Nothing. This is a story for another time.”
“You’re very welcome.”
I hope you liked this chapter :)
He refrained from leaning against John or resting his head on his lap again. There were no gentle touches on John’s part anymore and Sherlock wasn’t sure if it was a good moment to initiate anything now.
He took a few steps backwards, trying to bring a small distance between himself and the sharp blade of the knife.
"Good," John said mildly and leant forward, cupping Sherlock's cheek with his left hand and caressing the warm skin under his fingertips. He brushed his cheekbone with his thumb, and Sherlock's eyes fell closed for a second as he leant into the touch, thanking whoever allowed him to have this.
Sherlock shook his head and buried his face in his hands. Why had he been so foolish? John had told him their time was limited. He might have said this wasn’t a meaningless fling, but who knew if he meant it. Why else would he have kept pressing him to go to Cambridge? Not wanting to bar his way to a bright future? Sherlock laughed bitterly at that. He wasn’t interested in a continuation of their relationship at all. That was much more likely.
»You own woollen socks, don’t you?«
“Oh trust me, honey, I’m concerned about your well-being. Did I mention I was a dream reader?”
“It’s a shame you don’t get on well anymore. You two were so charming together when you were both little.”
"Isn't it," John whispered and rose to his tiptoes to seal their lips together. They had done this more than a hundred times, but whenever John's lips pressed against his own, parted them and let their tongues join the game, something inside Sherlock's body buzzed and prickled. He revelled in the feeling because John's kisses were always so recognisably familiar and natural. Morning kisses were different from goodnight kisses. Goodnight kisses were different from the ones they shared before sleeping.
,” Sherlock keens. “I’m sure, I want this. If you’re up for it, that is.”
He already had. There was no need to go over it all once more, but he realised that for now, he wouldn't get a more positive reaction from John, so he decided to drop the subject. "I will, even though I don't think it'll change my mind."
“Nice to see you, too,” John chuckled quietly. “You’re early.”
“Ahh! Ohhh, fuck, Sher-Sherlo…” John groans and squeezes his eyes shut when he comes. A wave of sticky semen lands on his belly and his chest. He feels as if he's falling, but he doesn't need to worry about the landing. Not this time.
“Please do, John. I’m
He closed his eyes and breathed deeply. The summer night’s air cooled his cheeks a little.
"Bit unobservant by me, I admit," Sherlock shrugged. "He was a beginner, though."
This is different.
“Me too.” John’s fingers played with an errant curl close to his temple. “But what’s bothering you?”
“No need,” John whispers, and then, “Sleep well, love.”
“Obviously, I am.”
"I knew I made a mistake that night at Angelo's when I turned you down. I was hoping I'd get another chance at some point because it's only been a day, but …,” he clears his throat. “You insisted you weren’t gay and never passed up an opportunity to mention that, so I–“ He stops and remains silent for quite some time, probably not knowing how to continue. “Our friendship always meant more to me than anything else.”
Sherlock shrugs, putting his cup to the side. The tea is now cold. "I wasn't."
Sherlock’s gaze falls on the empty glass on the small table beside John’s chair. He already knows what that means.
John left him gasping and panting when he pulled back; his pupils blown wide and his pulse elevated. He looked down and saw the bulge coming to view in his pyjama bottoms. He could feel it, too, hard and resistant on his belly.
“That’s hardly my fault,” Irene answered, handing him the dark purple paper ticket.
No. He’s moving on.
The memory of it is overwhelming. John feels so much guilt and dread when he thinks about what he has done. The way Sherlock looked up at him, his nose bleeding, his lip trembling, his bloodshot eyes, his skin pale from fatigue and exhaustion caused by all the drugs that he thought were necessary to take to save him …
With that, he lets his lips sink down onto John's cock. "Oh God!" John moans as his head sinks back against the pillows. Sherlock presses open-mouthed kisses to the tip. John grips the sheets tightly. It's pure bliss.
Sherlock turned his head to look at John who was rolling his eyes at this. A bit of hope had budded in Sherlock’s chest at the first statement, but John’s reaction caused it to wither and die immediately.
“We could go for a swim if you feel up to that,” John suggested.
"Not a chance," John laughs, turning his head to smile up into Sherlock's face.
with someone else and betray your trust and hurt your feelings in this way really feels like a punch in the gut, but I know I deserve it. I should never have behaved like such an idiot. I should have seen how terrible I made you feel and if I had the chance to go back in time, trust me, I would, but unfortunately, that’s not possible. So if you still trust me a teensy bit and would still like to,” he cleared his throat, “to be with me … you have no idea how happy you’d make me.”
He looked around and saw all the little things he imagined to see. There was a microscope on Sherlock’s desk, chemical equipment all over the place. His parents probably didn’t want to store it in boxes in the attic, which Sherlock appreciated very much. A periodic table adorned the wall next to the bed and he could see some scribbles on the opposite wall. Had he been solving equations?
When his back hit an old light post, his heart must have skipped a thousand beats at once. His chest was heaving.
He was miles away, completely focused on the bees and not even listening to the babbling of the children anymore who kept begging their parents to go and play with them in the water when a very sandy volleyball hit the back of his head out of nowhere.
“I’m not! Jesus,” John sighed and rubbed his eyes, feeling absolutely knackered. “You look exhausted. We’ll talk about it tomorrow, all right?”
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, trying to find something to hold on to, so he didn’t lose his balance.
It took another three attempts to actually leave the cubical. After he washed his hands, he more or less weaving out of the restroom and went back into the main area of the disco. He wasn’t sure if he should return to the bar or actually go looking for John and the others, though he considered it might be a bad idea in his current condition.
John’s hands follow the lines and muscles on his back before they come to rest on his sides. He caresses him circling his thumbs.
John sat down on the edge of the sofa and ran a hand through Sherlock’s hair. »You were quite keen on going, though.«
John turned around and preheated the oven to 180°C. He lined the baking tray with baking paper and then melted dark chocolate and coconut oil in a water bath. In the meantime, he stirred an egg and carefully added cocoa powder. He’d mix the molten and the stirred ingredients later.
“Okay, at least that’s normal again,” he said and removed his fingers. “You gave us quite a fright last night.”
“It’s only cold because you’re so hot,” John told him with a grin. “Compliment intended.”
That was settled then.
He knew it was physically impossible to hear his bones shatter. Some bloody cyclist, who wasn't capable of using his eyes apparently, had incapacitated him. He had hit his head on the asphalt; everything was buzzing, raw around the edges, spinning. He still cannot recall how he managed to walk to Sherlock in the end. He felt like collapsing on the ground again and again and again, stumbling more than once. But he had to be sure. There was this tiny ray of hope inside his chest – a spark of hope that anything was possible, thanks to this incredible man who had made so many miracles happen in John's life – that he was still alive. That somehow – despite the impact of hitting the ground from almost 20 metres above – he was still breathing, still a part of John's world, that he could tell him they were going to be all right, that Jim Moriarty cannot break them, despite what he had seemed to accomplish so far, that he needed him. God, he needed him …
»Don’t you dare deduce it.«
Sherlock looked down at all the carton boxes that were still full. He cleared his throat quietly. »John, err …«
“You could play with us,” John suggested, automatically raising the ball in his hands.
Sherlock hang the wooden figurines on the upper branches and then stepped back to admire his work.
John’s fingernails scraped against his scalp and Sherlock almost melted. It was one of his sensitive erogenous zones.
“You’ll be asleep in five minutes.”
spot by the marram grass.
John wasn’t the only one moved by this story of his childhood. Sherlock could not stop thinking about how John had tried to cling to something so simple that would bring some joy and comfort into his life; something giving him hope it would all change for the better.
»I’m really sorry, I honestly didn’t want this to–«
“If you tell me about your time away?”
Greg invited them to Scotland Yard’s annual Christmas party when he’d come to pick up Alison and John wanted to go; not without him, though. This conversation went on for a few days and Sherlock hated it.
He tries to block it out and focus on Mary instead. She asks if he is okay, and he answers, ”yeah, yeah. Me? Fine. I am
John pinched Mike’s chubby side and shoved him away. “Just leave him alone,” he grinned and pressed his hand against Sherlock’s back to turn him around and get away from the others. “Don’t listen to him.”
A companionable silence stretches out between the two of them, but John breaks it at some point. “Have you finished renovating the flat on your own, then?”
»Where did you get those?« Sherlock asked and had a look at the carvings. There was an angel, a reindeer, a snowman, a priest, a king, a gingerbread man, a rocking horse, a sleigh and Father Christmas right in the middle of them.
"Yeah, I'll be back in a sec!" he called back, and a smile tugged at his lips. Sherlock found himself admiring this tantalising smile. When John looked back at him, he was still grinning, white teeth flashing in the sunlight. "You sure your head's fine?" he asked him.
“Ugh, fine,” Sherlock huffed and turned around. John smiled at the sight and pressed a kiss to his cheek before he got up to grab a flannel from the bathroom. Sherlock’s eyes fell shut as the sheets welcomed him into their soft cocoon.
"I don't know. He didn't tell me much," John explains, clearing his throat. "Even though this is rather … personal. You know how he is when he's on a case. He doesn't want to treat her as one, but it's, well …"
“Oh, Liebling, it’s fine. I’m sure John knew that already,” she winked at him and then looked at John who was grinning from ear to ear at how red Sherlock’s cheeks could turn within mere seconds. “I’m so happy for both of you.” Her smile was warm and her eyes crinkled.
John wanted to say something else about it, but he didn’t. Instead, he told him, “You didn’t have to be nervous, you know?”
“I’d like to know about all of them.”
“Jesus, that must have hurt badly.” John’s eyes widened.
Sherlock had got used to it. But here was one thing he would never get used to.
John doesn’t want to imagine Sherlock going back to the empty flat. Alone in the silent darkness before he would decide to get a new dealer and go for self-destruction once again.
When he pulled away, his lips felt slightly swollen and John only worsened the state by kissing him deeply. "That was," he kissed the corner of his mouth, breathing heavily, "incredibly hot."
On the one hand, Sherlock was glad that he didn't remember much because that way, John did all the talking. He was grateful he left out the embarrassing bits and just let her in on the important parts that were relevant should it happen again, which it certainly wouldn't. He may have been reckless enough to try it, but he was sensible enough not to do it a second time. He would keep the pills for chemical experiments, nothing else, most definitely not for usage.
“Your brother?” Sherlock asked carefully.
Once that was done, too, he played the entire song. It filled six pages of music paper and was about eleven minutes long.
Sherlock sits on the edge of the tub, hunched over the medical paraphernalia in his hands. Scissors, gauze, bandages.
“I know I can’t make you responsible for the way other people are screwing up my life, but this is a very sensitive subject, and when I saw those damn pills, I couldn’t think straight. I was so angry because I didn’t want you to be like them, but there you were, telling me excuses that I couldn’t believe.”
»You keep cutting out the biscuits while I make the chocolate sauce, all right?« he asked with a hearty laugh.
. Besides, you might want to remember that I've apologised many times for what I did. I gave you an explanation which you refuse to accept. I thought your stubbornness succumbs to your reason as a doctor, but apparently, that is not the case."
He was busy watching the ice cubes glide through the liquor when the most fortunate event of the evening occurred.
«God,« Mycroft snorted. »How very gracious and generous of you.«
John complies and nestles his head against Sherlock’s chest. Hands find hips. Eyes fall closed. “We’re safe.”
He feels Sherlock’s attentive gaze on him. He wants to speak, say something,
Sherlock smiled against John's lips, and he returned it; the serious conversation was already forgotten.
them, not
However, perhaps it would relieve the disconcerting pressure on his chest. If only a little.
He glances at Sherlock through the windows of the cab, with his nose bloody and his posture hunched as if in severe pain. He watches Sherlock whose eyes are fixed on him as the taxi drives away. Mary tells him she likes him. He can't believe how that's possible after the show Sherlock has put on.
“I do, yeah,” John answered, his voice dreamy. “Why?”
“You weren’t going to eat it anyway and I’m starving. Stop complaining."
The young man's smile vanished, and Sherlock hated himself even more for letting this deduction slip out. "How the hell do you know I'm studying medicine?" he wanted to know.
“I’m sure it isn’t.”
moments until Sherlock nudges him with his foot and groans. His cock is leaking onto his stomach, glistening in the dim light, dark and red and absolutely exquisite as it rests against his milk-white skin. It’s almost obscene.
He closes his eyes and lets out the breath he has been holding.
John sucked at the skin below Sherlock’s clavicle, probably to stifle the sounds he’d make otherwise. His attempt to keep quiet failed horribly, though, because Sherlock groaned loudly when John sank his teeth into the already sensitive skin. He was speaking but couldn’t even process his own words. It was probably meaningless babble anyway because when John touched him like this, he wasn’t capable of much else.
“Yes.”
"Can't believe how long you guys take to shower," Greg said, shaking his head in mock disbelief. "Saving water by showering together and still you take at least half an hour to get ready, my, my."
Sherlock huffed out a quiet laugh. “That’s a matter of taste.”
“It wasn’t you, just some version of you that I dreamed up to feel better.”
John captured Sherlock’s lips in a slow and lazy kiss, running a hand over shoulder blade and his clavicle. Sherlock reciprocated gladly and wrapped his arms around John’s neck, pulling closer closer closer.
“I rather enjoy her spoiling us,” John laughed and sat down, waiting for Sherlock to do the same before they started eating.
Sherlock grinned and nuzzled John like a cat craving affection. "We've got some time to pass, then," he whispered in John's ear and was already half on top of him.
I know. It's been an age, but uni has literally eaten me whole in the last couple of weeks, which made it very hard to write regularly. I hope this kind of makes up for the long wait, though. Thank you for being patient with me. I appreciate it just as much as your kind words!
He was feeling thirsty, but he knew for sure he wouldn't make it anywhere with his entire body hurting the way it did. Besides, he was in someone else's bed and had no idea how he got here. Thinking about it was too painful, and the most appealing solution to all of this was closing his eyes and going back to sleep. It was still dark anyway. Falling back against the pillows, his arm hung down the side of the bed, and his hand brushed against a plastic bottle. He reached for it, took off the lid and drank eagerly before he set it down beside the bed where it stood and snuggled back under the duvet. He couldn't care less where he was and how he had got here, but he was grateful for whoever put him to bed because sleep was all he needed right now.
Their new member?
“I’d rather I would not have to,” Sherlock sighed dismissively and buried his head in his books once more.
“No,” John shakes his head. “I got better at it when she thought it appropriate to leave us behind. I felt that when she was gone, I could finally breathe again. But I was so angry with her. I didn’t care what she did to me, but I was angry because she left her own daughter behind. I think I already knew that our marriage was falling apart then. I just didn’t know what to feel. I’ve already tried to save our marriage once, and I didn’t know if I could go through that again. I wanted to try because I was committed to whatever it was we had. A divorce was unthinkable because I knew Rosie couldn’t stay with me. But leaving her with Mary wasn’t something I wanted either. The only thing I knew was that I shouldn’t have cheated on her.”
He would lock himself up in his room and let the dam break loose. In a place where nobody would see his weakness. People saw enough of that in him already.
Sherlock nodded as he watched the procedure. John applied a tourniquet on Sherlock’s upper arm, slipping a finger underneath it to be sure it wasn’t too tight. He had no trouble finding a prominent vein. He tore open a fresh alcohol swab and wiped the skin of the inner crook of Sherlock’s elbow. Removing the catheter from the package, he quickly checked if it’s working, inspecting the needle and the catheter hub.
He dared to open his eyes slowly and found John observing him; his eyes almost entirely black in the dim light of the light post that fell through the window.
»Are you serious, John?« Sherlock asked when he saw where they were heading.
hletic and
His lips curl into a drowsy smile.
John smiled a little, though his lip was quivering slightly, Sherlock observed. He hadn’t expected
13th February 2017, 9:20 pm
His knees giving way was the last thing he remembered before he passed out again.
He grabbed the hem of both his trousers and pants and removed them at the same time. Sherlock gasped at the friction and the cold air engulfing him all of a sudden. To his own surprise, he didn’t feel exposed under John’s gaze, even as goose bumps spread over his entire body.
Sherlock stands there, watching. "What about a nice cup of tea to welcome Daddy home, hmm?" he asks Rosie, and she turns her little head around, grinning. "I'll take that as a yes," Sherlock chuckles, and by God, he actually
“Did he hurt you?” she asked after a long silence.
“Nothing, it’s fine. They’re waiting for you,” Sherlock answered, trying to ignore the stinging disappointment spreading in his chest.
He wants to punch him. To knock all air out of his chest, so he is left breathless and panting and quiet. Just quiet.
The pressure on his chest feels as though death has got his grip on him finally. If it’s not the injury itself that kills him, the pain and the uncertainty definitely will.
He wraps his fingers around himself again, and although his own hand is not as good as Sherlock’s would be, it's all he has at his disposal at the moment. He reaches down to touch his balls, to massage them gently, to fondle them in his hands. They're already drawn up tightly, and he knows it will only take a few more jerks of his hand. There are sweat stains beneath his arms and on his chest, beads of sweat on his hairline, but all that matters is finding release, needing it so badly. Craving it from the person who dissolved with the cloud that was his dream and all he has still left is his imagination.
Sherlock was certain of it when he felt John’s lips against his own for the billionth time today. It was the day of their second anniversary. Two years. 730 days, 1 hour and 42 minutes since John had shouted at him, screamed even.
Sherlock nodded and leant back against the pillows, watching John walk to the door and sneak out.
“Love at first sight, eh?” the other man chuckled and earned a light punch on his shoulder from John.
John guided them safely in the little space they had, and when the artist began to sing he tried not to think about the words he sang and merely enjoy the few minutes he would be able to spend with John,
"And I'm telling you that you don't need to be. You just need some practice."
»Yes, thankfully! Oh John, can we please watch it again?« Allie asked him with big eyes when the film was over. »Please.«
“Addicts are the best betrayers, Sherlock,” John told him, not looking at him.
Sherlock hit the ball a bit too hard; it flew out through the glass door.
Sherlock hesitated for a moment, letting his eyes fall shut and inhaling deeply. What would he think now? “… I don’t want to go to Cambridge.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and pushed himself off the wall he was standing on. “Sorry, not interested.”
With that, he disappears through the door which falls into its hinge much harder than it has to. His coat billows behind him as he rushes outside. John barely has time to feel guilty about his sharp, edged words that have cut into his best friend's heart like knives. That's exactly how he feels. Numb. Unable to stop the bleeding. He hates his inability to control his temper, his brain that is always slower than his tongue, but most of all himself.
"Hey!" John gently bumped one of his knees against Sherlock's spine in mock-irritation. "We all are sometimes," he grinned. "Look at you right now. You're the epitome of laziness."
John pulled back when the weight of Sherlock’s head felt heavier on his chest than before, looking at him to ensure he was all right. As far as this was possible under the circumstances anyway.
“I’ll be convinced when a few girls come and throw themselves at
John can barely hold his gaze. He can’t mean he would have–
“Stop it.”
, he also conceded he overly enjoyed John’s presence in whatever situation possible because whenever John was there, he seemed to be unable to stop smiling. He was filled with joy and anticipation whenever he saw or was about to see him; it was like a flutter inside him that made him feel at ease and light-hearted. Days without him were boring and meaningless and when he reconsidered his choice, he crossed out the first option immediately. No, leaving wasn’t an alternative at all. It would be a catastrophe a hundred times worse than the persistent weight on his chest.
“Who cares about social standards?”
“Believe me, it’s not always fun," John countered as he took a seat at the bar.
“That you’re a twelve-year-old? Yes.” John tries to lighten the atmosphere. It doesn’t work.
John’s lips found a pulse point on his neck, sucking, biting gently, leaving a red mark.
His face is dangerously close again. Deliciously close.
Maybe, they have finally started healing.
The detective walked to the sitting room and realised his legs were quite unsteady which he shouldn’t let John know about as he would worry about him even more than he already did. God, he really
Sherlock's hands found John's arse and suddenly felt eager to remove the last garment covering John's flawless body.
“You don’t have to be quiet,” John whispered against his skin. “Unless you want to.”
Sherlock kept coming back though. He looked different in his dreams. Thinner. Paler. Not like himself. John wanted to make him sit down at the kitchen table and make him eat everything he cooked. He knew Sherlock had secretly liked John’s food. No matter how appalled he looked when John dished up. He wasn’t that bad a cook, but then Sherlock always had to be dramatic first, didn't he?
John ends the call, then stands behind Sherlock to rub his back. "Ready when you are," he says quietly, waiting for Sherlock – and only Sherlock – to signal him that it's okay to have a look at Rosie's bedroom.
»It would probably still bother me, but this whole thing wasn’t my idea,« Sherlock informed the older Holmes.
John giggled as he put the pillow into its case. “Unless you invite me up there, I am.”
, he told himself because it still felt so strange. Not in a bad way, not at all in a bad way. It was wonderful. This was what he’d dreamt of for months and years, being certain he’d never have it, never be allowed to touch and taste and
It didn’t even take half an hour before Sherlock excused himself to use the bathroom. He didn’t return for fifteen minutes.
Now things were different. Now he had spent more than seven years with a person who was his partner, his colleague, best friend and lover at once. John was someone he’d always appreciated for his sincerity, his honesty, his reliability and his trustworthiness.
feel better in a situation like this and given it a try. Words weren’t necessarily needed; he didn’t need Sherlock to talk about what was troubling him, as he knew Sherlock never discussed emotionally upsetting matters, so he just gave him comfort and a feeling of security by folding his arms around his shivering figure and soothing him with a lovely and peaceful song.
»They do happen every now and then,« the doctor answered which made Sherlock sit up.
“Bossy tonight, are we?” John asks as he kisses his thigh, teasing him with his teeth, nibbling gently.
"You have the equal amount of my gratitude, John." Sherlock's voice is barely audible, but John feels his breath on his forehead, and it makes him shiver. He closes his eyes, relishing the moment, trying to take in as much as he can as long as it lasts.
»Oh, I see,« Mycroft eyed him very thoroughly. »John sent you. This is very interesting indeed.«
John smiled softly and took the glass from him when it was empty. “It was no problem. There’s no need to thank me.”
One more excuse to tell Irene not to go to this stupid disco. Unfortunately, his train was going to leave before it would even start. Of course, he had chosen this one on purpose. No way would he let her turn up at his flat and drag him to it after all. If he wasn’t here, he wouldn’t have to bear this undertaking after all.
In the pocket of his trousers, his phone starts to buzz.
John walked back to the sofa, straddling Sherlock’s hips and leaning forward. He took hold of Sherlock’s wrists and pinned him down into the leather couch. »Hmm, you’d like that, wouldn’t you?« he grinned and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s, capturing his lips in an agonizingly slow kiss.
“But the real thing also currently starts to dry on our skin,” John reminds him, unable to stop grinning.
It threatens to swallow him whole. But then the pressure on his wound increases. He can hear sirens. Bright light is flashing behind the windows.
A small group of children ran past his window; one of them turned around to see if the rest of their friends were close behind. A little girl shouted something indistinguishable and waved her hands towards them, motioning to hurry up. “Los! Los! Schneller!” she called, barely able to carry her swimming ring.
(See the end of the chapter for
As the days passed, Sherlock forgot the time. It's merely a concept after all. Nothing tangible, nothing he could grasp. Day after day, his heart began to harden a little; stone after stone was put on top of another until he had built a steadfast wall. He couldn't let such a terrible incident happen again, being weak in the face of emotions. No. No, definitely not.
“No, it’s the truth,” Sherlock countered. “Just look at you. You look absolutely miserable, and we both know who caused it.”
At some point his brain switched off; Sherlock didn’t know if he should be grateful or disappointed. He wanted to remember this moment for the rest of his life, he had to cherish every gasp and every moan John let out when their tongues brushed or what John made him feel like when he took his bottom lip between his teeth.
“But– she threw herself in front of Sherlock, she died in front of all of us!” John answers, raising his voice, trying not to lose his temper and failing. “How could she have survived that?”
They went downstairs and out through the front door. John was right behind him.
The two 'warrior' positions were much more comfortable, which his body was very grateful for. This couldn't be a course for beginners. The poses like the 'open' and 'rotated triangle' spared him more pain, and the 'dancer position' was his new favourite. The ladies' abilities to master it would not come close to his in years, but then, he had always loved dancing, and he could spend hours holding this pose without difficulty.
»Mummy and Daddy want you to be there, John wants you to spend Christmas with your family. Bloody hell,
"I don't mind waiting," John answered softly. "Do you want to lie down? You can. It doesn't bother me. I could see if I can be of use in the kitchen–"
With a petulant pout, he reached into his breast pocket and regarded the ticket suspiciously. "Winter Wonderland," he scoffed and rumpled the little slip of paper, leaving both the card and a now very irritated-looking Irene behind by the table.
Sherlock exhales shakily. "I'm not … I …"
Sherlock untangled his limbs from John and turned around, facing the window that was covered in the sky’s tears.
Too many things have been going on in both their lives and even though John still isn't able to adequately differentiate between what was his coma-induced dream and reality, he knows Sherlock has been through a lot as well. His childhood, his brother, not being appreciated but instead bullied for the way he is.
you used.”
She looks at her gun with a smile. It is different than the one she had put on on the bus. How could he have fallen for this?
»You’ll find out soon enough,« John whispered and pressed another peck to Sherlock’s lips.
“Those things are the worst, aren’t they.” It’s not a question. “If at least the coffee tasted a little better, right?”
Another step backwards.
"Why does anyone do anything?" she asks him full of wonder.
His eyes dart from Mrs Hudson to Sherlock whose cheeks, John is certain, blushed a little deeper before he turned away, walking to the window, not meeting John’s eyes.
Somehow, that was very funny to John.
Sherlock nodded and John helped him back into his shirt. He placed various cushions and a blanket in front of the fireplace. Picking Sherlock up, he carried the still too thin man to the inviting batch of pillows and lay down beside him. Sherlock covered them both with the blanket and rested his head on John’s shoulder. Immediately, John’s arm found its way around his body to pull him closer. »Are you in pain when we lie like this?« he asked him.
“A break-up,” Mycroft informed him, leaving John wide-eyed. “He attempted to make my brother quit, help him to get clean for good. Quite the opposite ensued so he left."
John moves slowly, works his finger in – up to the first knuckle, then the second, until it's buried inside him, feeling how Sherlock's muscles clench up around his index finger. He probes with care, pressing, pushing forwards and backwards steadily. Then he pulls out, adds more lube and pushes back in with two fingers. Sherlock arches his back.
Closing his eyes wasn’t hard at all anymore. Sherlock nodded affirmatively when John put him back on the drip. John changing the compresses again a minute later was the last thing he noticed before he was lulled to sleep.
Sherlock breathed in shakily.
»Sure, if that’s what you want?« John said softly and refrained from giving Sherlock’s shoulder a reassuring squeeze.
"I'm so sorry, John, it was stupid, I thought it was the right track, I thought she would be there– I–" Sherlock stammers, not daring to step into the living room. He doesn't see any anger in John's eyes, but it is palpable.
“Are you sure we should––“
Whenever he breathed out, a little moan of pleasure accompanied his gasps, but he simply couldn't suppress them.
The detective agreed and started clearing up the kitchen table. That was easier than John had expected. He took all the ingredients he needed out of the cupboard and set them down on the counter. He wiped the table very thoroughly; just to be certain the dough wouldn’t be contaminated.
Retreating to his Mind Palace, he hoped to get some useful information that might help him with his search. He thought of the things John liked or particularly enjoyed, things he would appreciate or accept with a thanking smile, but also things he would pretend to be grateful for and yet put away as soon as nobody was looking and never take out again.
Sherlock’s gaze softened, trying to encourage John to go on because he was sure there was a story behind it.
John would smile if this weren’t so serious.
"So you're the guy John won't shut up about," he said with a grin after they shook hands. "It's nice to meet you finally."
“I’m not. Like you said, I missed my aim considerably yesterday,” John grinned and bumped his fist against Sherlock’s knee.
John is incapable of speaking.
»Oh God, no, John please, let’s not–«, Sherlock said vehemently.
Sherlock groans in annoyance and trails his hand over John's chest until it rests dangerously close to his crotch. "Don't be such a bore."
“So…, “ he started, but didn’t know how to say it without making it sound terribly wrong. “He found someone else. Did you, too?”
“No-one is going to blame you. We’re not perfect either,” John said and sat up so Sherlock would look at him.
The detective was out for hours. He had bought a new apron for his landlady, chocolate for his parents, a set of pens for his brother. He’d have to ask John about what to buy for Lestrade and Molly, but judging by the frightfully good mood the two of them were in during the past couple of months, rompers would be in order soon.
“Mostly, yes.”
“Think you can make it to the buoy?”
(See the end of the chapter for
, he shouted at himself silently. The man approached him with big steps now, and his sleazy smirk exposed his teeth that flashed as brightly in the light as the blade did.
Sherlock's hands explore his chest, opening each button of his shirt with one hand only. The other one rests on his cheek, caressing it in such a gentle way that John hasn't expected Sherlock to be capable of. He uncovers more and more inches of his skin until his vest makes an appearance. He steps forward, and the shirt falls to the ground. His scar on his shoulder is uncovered, no longer hidden from Sherlock's sharp, all-seeing eyes. It's the first time he truly sees it, despite the long time they have been living together.
He sucked at John’s bottom lip and deepened the kiss, tasting and licking and moaning when John’s tongue started to compete with his. It was like fighting without having the chance to win. John’s tongue simply overwhelmed him; he’d definitely underestimated John’s kissing skills.
»Who says we’re normal?« John asked in return and sipped at the hot cocoa.
Sherlock needed a moment to process this. “I– I’m,” he stuttered and then cleared his throat. “I …”
»We went to church every Sunday and sang it there; we sang it at home while baking biscuits with my sister and we listened to it in the car, humming along.
“A lot of them were watching us. You really didn’t notice?”
»What is it?« John whispered and Sherlock could feel his hot breath on his lips swollen from the kisses.
John went to get it from this room and handed it to his friend. Sherlock looked down at it. His heart was pounding rapidly against his chest. They always went on cases together and this was the first time
“Yes, we do. You’re out of the woods, but you still need to get up on your feet again,” John told him mildly.
He looked up into John’s eyes, finding fear and concern and doubts in them.
Sherlock slept in the next morning and woke with a panicked start, fearing he woke up too late. He sank back against the soft and warm pillows after he had taken a look at his watch. Only 10 am. John would be here for lunch. There was still enough time; and yet his heart wouldn't stop beating violently in his chest. He couldn't place his nerviness. It was only lunch after all, but he wanted his grandma to like John. He also wanted John to like Oma Karla, which wasn't that hard, though, because everyone liked her.
With that, John pulled him back up to crush their mouths together, tongues meeting immediately, moans breaking free, hands in hair, fingers stroking, caressing, touching, feeling.
"Oh God," he breathed and stopped moving his hand to discard his pants altogether. He couldn't stop thinking about how John would touch him. Would he make him squirm underneath his hands? Would he wait until he begged? Would he kiss his heated skin? There were endless possibilities.
John just shook his head disbelievingly, reciprocating the grin regardless. “I think you heard me the first time. I don’t kiss and tell.”
them and besides, this is
," Sherlock murmured and wanted to turn away. He'd never been particularly good at any sport; he was a fast runner and knew a lot about Baritsu and a bit about boxing, which never came up in P.E., though. Every time the teacher made them play a team sport, he ended up being made responsible for losing the game. It was his fault, every goddamn time.
Sherlock let out a silent laugh. “They didn’t know what they signed up for.”
get lonely,” Karla said with a smile that wasn’t sad at all. Really, it wasn’t. Sherlock remembered her smile. It was always happy, always warm, never tight like his own.
Sherlock would have liked to keep listening to him, but the sun followed its path and was soon about to disappear behind one of the huge hotels that towered in the little town that was a neighbour to this one. The sky's colours went from light blue to orange to red to purple and the breeze that cooled his heated skin earlier picked up and became colder and colder now.
“Sherlock.”
Before John drifts off to sleep, he finds himself hoping against hope that this,
, he thought as he nodded, waited for orders and tried to get his breathing under control.
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He hated all the people working at Scotland Yard apart from Greg; he was an idiot, too, but he was bearable. He knew John didn’t like anyone other than Greg either; and Molly of course, who would be there as well.
Sherlock stared at him. “Why is this a serious matter and why you discuss this with my brother?”
“Hang on–“
"No, I want to," Sherlock cut him off. "I do."
"You … think so?" Sherlock inquired incredulously.
"No, this can't be it," Sherlock mumbles. "If she's taken a day off, that must mean she is planning something and–"
Sherlock buried his head deeper in the warm pillow and took a deep breath, trying to get rid of the lump in his throat by swallowing a few times. His hands trembled and he dug his fingers into the sheets to stop them from shaking. “The MI6 offered me a job which required me to do undercover work in Eastern Europe. It would have been … fatal. Six months were all I had, according to Mycroft’s estimate.”
“Tired,” John whispers; it’s a little easier to speak now. “My chest hurts… amongst other things… ”
He removed the syringe when it was empty and disposed it as well as the gloves. “How did you take the cocaine?"
“Yes.”
Sherlock's silhouette stands out in the soft light of the street lamps shining through the window behind him.
John stopped at one of the stalls and ordered beers for both of them.
John gave Sherlock a spare toothbrush and waited for him while he got dressed and ready to go. He was still a bit wobbly on his legs, so Mike suggested John take one of the bicycles in the garage. He got onto the saddle and Sherlock onto the pannier rack. “You all right back there?” he asked and turned around.
Something … or
“I had no idea you how badly this hurt you. How badly
“It’s just– people say a lot of things they don’t truly mean in certain situations. It can get quite challenging to distinguish between what they say and what they actually mean. The discrepancy between language and meaning is hard to keep apart sometimes,” Sherlock told John candidly.
John closes his eyes as anger flares up in his stomach. And why do other people always know what’s best for him?
Sherlock just shrugged. »I persuaded him to some extent last year because I needed to get hold of his laptop. He said he probably wouldn’t come this year, but I don’t mind if he doesn’t either.«
“John.” Sherlock’s voice is steady. “You are more than your mistakes.”
Sherlock fell quiet. Of course John was right, but there were always risks no matter what. There were risks that you could die if you got into a car or boarded a plane and yet you do it anyway. Besides, he knew how to defend himself; and so did John.
“I do, yes,” John answered, not at all embarrassed or reserved about it. “And I really enjoyed tonight with you. In fact, if you hadn’t been there, I’d have left after five minutes.”
His heart sank. It turned and twisted and it pounded so hard as if it wanted to jump out of his chest. Maybe Sherlock should let it. He would be better off without it anyway.
“There, too,” John chuckled heartily, leaning forward to press a kiss to Sherlock’s nape.
He reached for the waistband of his pyjama pants and struggled his way out of them. They clung somewhere around his ankle, but he couldn’t care less because John was giggling and reversing their positions. “Need some help coordinating?"
Greg pulled them to the bar and invited them to a drink. Sherlock had to translate the drinks menu and order eventually. While Greg, Bill and John stuck with beer, Mike and Sherlock both had a tequila sunrise. If Sherlock had to endure the sweating throng of people moving to the music – it couldn’t be called dancing, Sherlock was sure of that – he wouldn’t do it in a sober state.
They’re going to die here.
“Come on, don’t be so negative.”
In the end, they played until the final score was 29:27.
“Well, whatever you’re doing, mates, I will not miss this invitation,” Greg announced and got up from the bench with his beer.
Sherlock leans forward in his chair ever so slightly. John doesn't even notice. "You aren't a burden, John. If any of this bothered me, I wouldn't do it. This is the alcohol talking. Maybe you've had enough for today."
“No.” John’s tone is harder and colder than he intends it to be. “What I need is for you to tell me the truth for once in my life!”
“But also?"
“Sherlock, I was stressed. She almost died from hepatic insufficiency once, I had to find her as soon as possible,” John groaned. “I’m sorry, okay? I should have called, yes. But I had to get her back to the clinic so I went to your brother for help. We brought her back and I had a long talk with her then.”
The detective nodded, looking for the Lindt section on the shelf.
»Curious.«
Sherlock sighed wearily, but didn’t say another word of complaint. With a lot of care and clever fingers, he wrapped up the little carton boxes.
»You couldn’t help me if you knew anyway!«
It got better with time, though, and that was an improvement. Mary improved his life, which is why she needs to stay in it. They aren't perfect. They bicker and fight, but make up again, too. Like normal people, living an ordinary life. Maybe this is what he needs. An ordinary life with someone steady by his side.
“You’re staying here. I won’t risk anything, John. It’s too dangerous. You–“
he kept telling himself while he couldn't help but stare at John's flawless upper body. Since when did he find that sort of thing attractive? He couldn't answer this question. Instead, he mentally declared that John should stop wearing a shirt altogether.
John sighs. There's no point in hiding this from Sherlock. He knows anyway. John blinks up at him, eyebrows drawn to together.
“Great,” John grinned, showing his flawless white teeth, which Sherlock hated, too. He hated every perfect thing about John. They were doing things to him nobody and nothing had ever managed to do to him before. It was bittersweet. “I’m sure you’ll enjoy it.”
Sherlock smiles. His lips are swollen. It is a sight John wants to see for the rest of his life. “No.”
»I’m not saying you shouldn’t go,« Sherlock said and went back to his microscope.
John just shook his head in disbelief. “I can’t believe you didn’t even tell me your name.”
He wants to move and finds that he can't. Everything is numb and heavy. It feels as if he is in one of his nightmares, feeling the need to move, to just step forward and walk, do something, but he is chained on the spot, paralysed, incapable of running.
Sherlock comments from the back of his head.
“I warned you–”
"I didn't know you–," he raised his hand and made a vague gesture, "were also interested in … men."
“I’m sorry?” Sherlock didn’t know what he was on about.
There were photos of him of all ages, from his birth until late primary school/early secondary school. She skipped the first few pages, landing on one that showed him with a papier-mâché volcano that was almost too heavy to carry for the little boy of twelve years only.
1) John
“I want to trust you again, I already do– it’s– “
“You figured that out only by looking at my shirt and my hands?” John asked, astonished.
She was already walking upstairs before Sherlock had the chance to reply.
Sherlock's ears perk up. "Really? Where is it?"
The song ended, but it didn't take long before the DJ played the next one which caused a massive uproar in the crowd as "
Nervousness floods his entire body. It's more than the adrenaline kicks he keeps searching. This is more than unsettling. They start bickering. Why doesn't Sherlock know how to defuse a bloody bomb? Sherlock points out that he was a soldier, which is never let unmentioned. It's not helping now.
Sherlock nodded, although this wasn't really what he meant. Still, at least John found gatherings such as this one not so appealing either. It was a start
"I just want that to stay that way." John's voice was stern and gentle at the same time, and Sherlock wondered how he achieved that. He squeezed his hand, and his eyes turned soft. They were as blue and deep as the sea, threatening to pull him in and drown him if he didn't tread carefully. Sherlock never took careful steps.
He pulls him down into a kiss, buries his hands in those wonderfully soft curls and grinds his middle against Sherlock’s through the two layers of fabric still separating them from touching. They both groan simultaneously.
“Harry called, or well, her doctor called. She needed me,” was all John had to say.
He folded the sheets of music with care and slid them into an envelope that was actually meant for a Christmas card. He took out the card and wrote a few sentences in his best handwriting.
»But me no buts,« Sherlock murmured and pressed his nose against John’s neck. John buried a hand in Sherlock’s thick and curly hair.
“You should rest now,” John told him quietly.
“John,” Mary pants. Oh yes, right. She is still here. He’s still got a job to do. Or she does. He will have to see how the night goes.
"What?" John stares at her.
________________________________________
“It’s not about her, is it?” he manages to say.
“Yeah. You forgot them,” John answered. “Thought you’d notice sooner, but then I realised you were in real trouble.”
Sherlock shook his head. No way. This was never going to happen. He shouldn’t have dared to hope.
Sherlock found himself staring, unable to do anything but breathe, although that was an almost hopeless endeavour, too.
He thinks of Sherlock sitting there all night. Hesitating to come in? Too upset, so his initial plan faltered?
Sherlock gets up from his chair, and together they walk upstairs to Rosie's nursery. John stands by the door, letting Sherlock examine the room. He didn't want to destroy even the most minute clue by accidentally leaving his own footprints all over the place.
Mycroft arrived half an hour after the call with a large bag containing everything John asked for. “Thanks,” he said.
“You’re almost standing up straight,” John laughed heartily. “All right, then. Let’s try it with the ball.”
"You're complaining about my choice of clothes, and yet you can't wait to get there because of your own dumb idea," John said, pinching Greg's side.
Sherlock returned it. “Yes, thankfully,” he said. “I’ll just get changed quickly and be back.”
Sherlock gives him a sad smile. John cannot bear to look at that sight of him, so he changes the subject. “What will we do about Mary?”
"Let me," Sherlock says. "If you go, you'll only come down with a fake smile plastered on your face, show me to the door, and bid me good-night. You're staying, and you're not to touch that tumbler again, understood?"
"If I had had any idea that you felt that way–"
“Oma!” Sherlock groaned and felt his cheeks heat up.
She shrugged with a comforting smile. “I just know what it’s like.”
“He had a bit too much to drink,” John explained.
11:58 pm
John tasted of chocolate brownies and tea, of honey and caramel. He tasted like home and Sherlock couldn’t get enough of it, meeting his tongue again and again until he was out of breath and his jaw slacked. He let John lick into his mouth, barely able to kiss back. It was a thing John did and he loved it. His clever and sly tongue overwhelmed him and he simply couldn’t make out how he’d developed this kind of technique of kissing him and leaving him utterly incapable of reciprocating.
Mary takes him home and puts him to bed, and he does precisely that. Retreat into another world, a safer world, a better world where Sherlock strokes over his hair with a concerned look on his face.
Though the sharp pain shooting through his muscles slowly faded, the ache of the aftermath remained, crawling through his fatigued body, leaving him breathless.
“I’ll think about it,” he half lied, half genuinely considered it. “Thank you.”
“When are you going?”
“To these songs?” Sherlock asked, almost incredulous.
"Um–," Sherlock began, but Mike patted his shoulder with crackling laughter.
He didn’t want John to touch him when he wasn’t a hundred per cent sure John still loved him yet he also needed,
He heard Sherlock swallow, but he brought himself to ask. "Have you done this before? With Sholto?"
When he peeked through the spyhole, his heart stopped for at least five seconds before it started beating so violently that he thought he would faint from dizziness.
He locked eyes with John. “Say to what?”
Sherlock’s body lay limply on top of John’s as their release started to dry between them.
It’s just the two of them against the rest of the world now. For real this time, as it should be.
John chuckles at that, and cups his cheek, obsessed with the idea of touching him, fascinated by the fact that he doesn’t vanish the moment his fingers meet his skin.
“Come back to Baker Street."
He wished John would get it over with quickly, but he also wished he would never stop. He wanted those hands on his skin for the rest of his life.
, he thinks, but can’t say it out loud.
“So you caught some criminals, too?” he asked when he recovered from Sherlock’s denigrating comment about the police force.
to be in there.
“Hmm,” Sherlock grumbled. “My brother could.”
“Anxious?” Sherlock teases, pulling him back to the here and now. “I’d say eager applies here.”
Sherlock almost sobbed when John uttered those words. Overwhelmed by the entire situation, he leant forward and rested his forehead against John’s, placing his other hand over his.
He imagines Sherlock’s hand when he brings himself close to the edge. Those long, dexterous fingers around his aching cock. He doesn’t remember the last time he was so aroused, but that doesn’t matter.
"I did my best to gain his respect. That's all I'd ever get from him, at least that's what I thought. One night, he came back to the base with a graze. It was nothing, he said, but I took my time treating his wound. To my surprise, we started talking, actually talking, not just giving and receiving orders, and yeah, that was … I wanted to keep listening to his stories. He'd been a major for five years back then and had a lot to tell. I invited him back to mine after I'd finished treating him, and he accepted. We had a few drinks, well … we had a few too many probably, 'cause at some point– don't ask me who initiated it, but after a while, it just happened. He wanted to leave, I wanted him to stay although I'd never done with before with another bloke."
“No, I’d rather have a bath,” Sherlock told him, running a hand through his hair and made a face to emphasise how sweaty it was. “I feel grubby.”
started. But they’re both too tired to think too hard about it or to care, and then Sherlock’s shirt is gone, and he steps out of his trousers and leaves his socks on the floor, and is led to his bed. He doesn’t know how he managed to tell John “Stay,” but somehow he does, and John’s smile widens despite the weight that pulls his lids down and makes his eyes seem so small.
, he saw it. Its gloriousness could be seen from outer space.
Winning a person back is never easy. Not when you have hurt them, not when they have threatened to fall apart with you only being able to stand by and watch. It’s difficult, and you need a lot of patience – but, God, how worth everything has been in the end. They have lost each other, but found each other again, too.
Suddenly the rattling of the dishes and cutlery in the sink stops. "Oh, John," Mrs Hudson answers; her voice sounds soft and disbelieving as though she is upset she has to put this into words. "You're not a single parent."
“Cramps,” he whispered as he turned onto his side and pulled his knees up against his chest, trying to find relief in the position.
He remembered John's nightmare about his father, how badly he panicked when he had woken up, concerned about Sherlock's wellbeing. How must he have suffered in his childhood and youth under his father's alcoholic assaults? Had he ever hit him? Sherlock didn't dare to think about it. Merely knowing that he had endured enough under his terrible words and actions made his heart ache and his stomach turn.
he admitted.
John soaked the cloth in the water again and placed it on his forehead. He had never regretted his decision to overdose more than he did in this moment.
A pained groan in agony reached Sherlock’s ears. Overcome with rage, he tried to use the remaining moments of what should have been his chance to escape. He sat up and met the new attack, blocking the man’s hands with his lower arms in front of his chest and using that as a means to kick him rigorously with his legs to find a standing position once more.
“Why not?”
If Sherlock angles his head just
John simply shakes his head and sits down at the other end of the table. He wouldn’t be of much use until Sherlock actually finds something.
John stared at him. »Would you rather I was grumpy and ill tempered and we argued all the time?«
“Stop, John. Stop!” Sherlock begged, doubling up with laughter. “John!”
Sherlock grumbled something incoherent and turned onto his side with a hiss. »It still hurts.«
“Packing and taking clothes out later are two different things, John.”
job killing my husband.”
“Exactly.”
“Point made,” John chuckles, and they resume their glorious snog.
“Nobody is infallible,” is all he says.
Sherlock let out a breath, trying to regain control over the situation.
Sherlock decided to run and throw himself at John so he’d fall to the ground and he could rub all the snow in his face to take revenge, but he tripped over and slipped on the icy path leading to the front door, falling backwards and almost hitting his head on a very sharp stone.
The sound causes a slight pang in his head, but the cradling caress on the back of his hand soothes it.
“I don’t care what you thought!” The words were biting. How could a man go from soft and sweet to harsh and hurting so quickly? “You could’ve
“A good evening to you too, brother dear,” Mycroft says with his ever-present sneer on his lips.
Sherlock's head jerks towards the door. John isn't sure if it is just the hazy glow in the living room making it look as though Sherlock is blushing or if his cheekbones redden indeed. "John–" he swallows.
“She did a great job killing many people,” Sherlock answers. “What do we have to do with this? Why does a little girl have to pay for her mother’s crimes?”
“I’m not sad. If people don’t put the same effort and dedication into it, it’s not going to work out and if it wasn’t meant to work out, I’m glad it’s over,” John answered.
He let his hand wander to John’s back, feeling the soft fabric of his t-shirt. He wondered if he allowed to slip underneath it, but he couldn’t think through to the end because his hand had already done so and was now pulling the soft material up John’s body. He found warm and naked skin and savoured everything he was allowed to have in this moment. The insistent tongue that kept licking into his mouth, the hand in his hair, the fingernails that had returned to lightly scraping his scalp again and the skin and the strong muscles he was about to explore with his fingers made his head spin. The sensation and the intensity of this experience clouded his brain, making him feel as if he was drunk.
“It’s too uncomfortable, yes. We’ve had this conversation, remember?”
Karla had always despised the Nazi regime and everything that came with it. There was almost no way of protesting against them or taking part in active resistance without losing your life in a concentration or labour camp, but if she had the chance, she always refused to go to events or celebrations organised by the leading politicians – if you could call them that.
,” Sherlock moaned in mock annoyance. “You’re rather observant already.”
“Mental asylum– Sherrinford– John, I don’t have a sister.”
Sherlock nodded briefly, encouraging John to continue. John stabilised Sherlock’s arm with his right hand, inserting the needle with his left. He hit the vein at the first attempt and moved it deeper into it. Maintaining pressure on the skin, he pulled the needle back a little and advanced the catheter into it. Once it was seated, he removed the tourniquet and taped the catheter with sterile bandage over half of the hub and held the catheter in place as he pulled out the needle completely and disposed it.
Sherlock reached for the envelope that lay under the tree and handed it to John. »That’s for you,« he told him and a small and expectant smile lingered on his lips. »It’s not much, I know, but … I hope you like it anyway.«
He pressed back against John’s chest. “Now keep doing what you’re doing, please.”
She listens to his stories about Sherlock. She is mindful when John tells her about him.
"Nothing," Sherlock answered. "I'm just exhausted."
"Sherlock …" John reaches for his hand and takes a few steps towards him, but Sherlock involuntarily flinches and retreats.
“Actually, no,” John grinned, grabbing the volleyball his friends had brought along. “Nosy people will remain uninformed,” he teased back while Sherlock blushed bright red.
John chuckled softly. “That’s pretty cool! Imagine we’d dance to talk to each other. It would be quite entertaining.”
It was still dark when Sherlock woke which was unusual. Normally he’d wake up quite late especially after exhausting days like yesterday. The warmth radiating from the body behind him almost lulled him back to sleep, but he knew if he stayed, if he was still here when John woke up, it would make things incredibly complicated. As if it wasn’t awkward enough already, Sherlock thought and took a deep breath. Everything in this room smelled of John. It was lovely. Maybe his pyjamas smelled of him now, too. He might just wear them until the smell would’ve faded, he decided.
“Hardly,” Sherlock answered bitterly because this was the truth. Not that he had wanted to be admired by them. Just respected. That would have been nice. “I just know it.”
John’s smile was sleepy and his cheeks slightly rosy. His ruffled hair and the little wrinkles around his eyes when his lips curled upwards made Sherlock smile, too.
, his arm folded
“Sher–– ah! Sherlock, wait. Wait, oh God. Wait …”
Sherlock’s head turned in an instant as he was pulled out of his trance. Panic immediately rose in his chest whether John might have heard her words, but very likely he was dozing on the table while Bill was blathering away about the party preparations the organisation team was planning.
They went about their evening routine and got into bed. Sherlock’s head came to rest on John’s shoulder, facing John this time, as he wrapped a strong arm around Sherlock’s waist, pulling him as close as humanly possible.
“You learn a lot of things at uni, you know?”
Sherlock agreed and threw it in John’s direction before he got into the pool.
Yet he has still been too proud to say sorry. Or was it the guilt that has prevented him from doing so? An apology wouldn’t fix anything, but it was a start. That’s what Ella told him once when Harry came up in one of their sessions.
"Uh … yes, of course!" John whips out his phone and taps a quick message to Molly. Briefly, he shudders at the memory of that dreadful dream sequence he had during the coma: the I love you said to the wrong person, the despair, his own hatred at that moment … he shakes his head to clear the cobwebs away and presses "send." The answer follows within seconds; Molly is happy to assist and awaits Sherlock in the lab.
When the doorbell rang, his heartbeat picked up.
Sherlock suddenly felt like an idiot. Why did he bring his own mug? John surely didn’t want to spend too much time with him right now despite everything. He cleared his throat once more. »I’ll – be downstairs then.«
“We can do that, mate,” Greg told him. “You’re getting rather good at blocking.”
Sherlock handed him the glass of water and dropped the aspirin into it. “I figured you’d need some.”
. John had been out of reach for him all this time. Something must have changed; Sherlock wasn’t exactly sure
"You just couldn't let another man hurt you again even though he did it unintentionally," Sherlock concluded. "I understand it now, why you kept being so insistent."
He uses a scalpel to scrape loose the material imprinted on the floor. “I'll analyse this at Bart’s. Can you tell Molly I’m coming?”
John laughed breathlessly. “Mum cried and my father kept shouting at her. He wanted to beat her, but I stepped between them to stop him. God, it was terrible.”
John remained silent again, but this time, he smiled sadly and shook his head in disbelief.
His back was lined up with John’s chest and for some reason, his heart pounded a little faster. Not knowing what to do with this new reaction of his body, he tried to keep focusing on John’s voice. “Yeah, like that.”
“And if you think I’ll go home now, after we made it through one of the worst parts,” the smile reappeared on his lips and he reached for Sherlock’s hands again, “you’re on the wrong track.”
John ignored that comment altogether and inspected Sherlock’s hair instead. “You look so different like this.”
“Can you squeeze some lube on my hand, love?”
“A bright future lies ahead indeed,” Sherlock answered and took a sip of his drink while John cackled with laughter. He didn’t quite get how what he said was funny, but the sound of John chuckling at something he said was a sound he would not forget anytime soon and savour safely in a separate room inside his mind palace. A pleased smile appeared on his lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
However, the silence in his humble flat slowly started to suffocate him. It gave his nagging thoughts a voice and let doubts flare up in his stomach.
»Everything,« Sherlock interrupted him and pressed his lips against John’s.
"That was beautiful," John tells Sherlock whose back is still facing him.
“We don’t have to tell her right away. We can say you’d like to check on me,” Sherlock suggested.
“I told you I had help,” John chuckled, nudging back gently.
John kisses Sherlock’s scar once, twice more before he moves down further to Sherlock’s abdomen, his hipbones, his groin. Sherlock’s body writhes underneath his touch, raising his hips involuntarily. His moans fill the quiet room.
“You sit down!” Her voice is insistent, but not lacking the motherly tone John is well accustomed to. “I brought biscuits and tea.”
Sherlock’s eyes are hard on his, threatening to pierce through his skull. “I never told you about him.”
Sherlock stands in the doorway for a while, uncertain of what to do. He probably hates seeing John like this, so does John himself after all, and desperately wishes he could do something for him – John suspects he deleted "How to Comfort People You Love for Dummies", a gag gift by Lestrade for one of Sherlock's birthdays. So he quietly steps inside, gently closing the door behind him, and starts humming a little melody under his breath, deep and low, to hopefully comfort Rosie a little. She keeps crying a bit longer, but her wails become softer, more muffled until she moans one final time and then falls quiet, rubbing her nose against Sherlock's chest.
, he would–
"My bed is more comfortable, too," Sherlock said and started walking.
“You should go back to sleep,” Sherlock admonishes quietly. “Come here.”
“I’m not, it’s just this once, dear,” she winks and disappears in the kitchen.
Out of nowhere, the guy spat in Sherlock’s direction, but Sherlock had seen it coming. There was a safe distance between them. He was breathing heavily. The air flowing easily into his lungs and out again felt like an overwhelming relief.
“Of course, what did you expect?” Sherlock answered, burying his left hand in John’s hair, carding through the golden strands.
His chest was heaving as John trailed down to his chest with his insistent tongue, taking one of his nipples between his teeth and making Sherlock hiss in pleasure, silently asking for more.
“I thought you were a doctor,” Sherlock murmured.
John's heart skips a beat. He curls his fingers into a fist. "Wh-?"
If he didn’t know any better, he would say that they are his parents, but they do not exactly fit John’s imagination. These people are too … normal. Ordinary. So unlike Sherlock. And yet the man looks like an older version of him. They can’t be …
It was intolerable.
“Hmm,” Sherlock agreed, sitting up and shaking the sand out of his hair.
Suddenly he felt two hands closing around his ankles and before he realised what was happening, he found himself falling backwards into the water as John pulled up his calves and he lost his balance.
“Since it’s obvious you’ve had too much to drink already,” John chuckled.
»Didn’t you like surprises when you were a kid?«
John’s hand moved up and down his back and eventually something extraordinary happened. He pulled him closer and folded another arm around him, embracing him tightly. Sherlock’s brain disconnected completely. He let himself be surrounded by John’s strong arms and pressed against John’s chest.
He clung to John for never-ending minutes and if it were possible to always be this close to John, he wouldn’t have anything against it.
John nuzzles his nose against Sherlock's cheek and presses a kiss to it before he intertwines his fingers with Sherlock's. "Thanks, love," he murmurs quietly. Sherlock shuts the laptop and sets it down on the table beside John's chair. "Come on, up you get."
»Whose idiotic idea was it to take the train?« Sherlock groaned as he let his head fall against John’s shoulder. »All the noise and the people are dreadful.«
He tears at his hair. The pain grows stronger.
It was hilarious.
John came back a few about ten minutes later, clearly needing time to come back to his senses and shake off the shock and daze the nightmare had caused. He climbed back into bed, pushing his duvet away a little and got comfortable beside Sherlock, resting his head on his shoulder and wrapping an arm around his middle.
John breathes faster, harder. He licks his lips again, hears Sherlock gasp and exhale loudly. His fingers tighten their grip on the shirt, holding him close and tight.
»I’m glad you decided to come,« he grinned. He’d already had quite a lot of punch; that much was obvious.
Sherlock falls quiet. John is afraid he's said the wrong thing again, but he can't have, he can't–
“What did I sign up for?” he sighed dramatically and heard John giggle behind him. His face must have been very close to his ear because he could feel John’s breath on his sweaty skin and his voice echoed in his head for a long time. He didn’t want him to let go. Somehow, it made up for the awkward position.
They were both so close. Sherlock could feel it. He met John’s movements with every stroke, pushing himself against him until the friction was just right and, oh God, he came apart like a man who drowned in the sea.
Some more blinking. His eyelids threaten to fall shut again. Just a bit more sleep … just … a tiny bit
He didn’t deserve any of this. He should be in hospital, facing the signs of withdrawal on his own, calling for a nurse who would deal with his vomit or his fever, not John.
John was right. Of course, he was right. All these labels were ridiculous because people changed throughout their lives anyway and different ones applied at different stages. That wasn’t truly what troubled him, though.
“You could come over to my place. My grandma is already dying to meet you.”
As quickly as John’s mouth had landed on his, as swiftly it was gone again.
»You look pale,« John stated. Walking around the table, he placed a hand gently on Sherlock’s forehead. »You might be running a temperature,« he said softly and already disappeared into the bathroom the get a thermometer.
being ridiculous. We’ll find out in a minute.«
“Daddy!”
»Isn’t that what you wanted? White Christmas?« he asked.
It did nothing to stop his tears.
“John…,” he gasped, rocking his hips, moaning.
John turns to look at him, raising an eyebrow suspiciously.
“Shh.” John pulls back to look at him. “I swear, I’ll prove to you that you don’t have to fear to trust me anymore, but you need to accept that we’re not there yet. We both have a hell of a lot of work to do, but we’ll get there, okay?”
think you are. And that’s all I need to know.”
It was bliss, getting to wake up this way every morning with a protective arm wound around him, warmth radiating from the body behind him and from the sheets covering his skin. It was only when he turned around in John's arms that he realised that he was hard. Again.
“I liked it,” he managed to say. He could feel his cheeks flush at this and the realisation reddened his cheeks even more.
“Who cares about that?”
He hadn't even realised how much he was shaking and he wasn't entirely sure if he could blame the cold alone for it.
“Precisely. So you need more clothes.”
Thank you all so much for reading and for the wonderful comments!
“I understand. Do you study in London?”
“You said it.”
everyday life,« Sherlock retorted, giving him a disgruntled look.
(See the end of the chapter for
»Did – did you like it, then?« Sherlock asked hesitantly.
John’s mouth moves lower,
Three things still remained unexplained, though.
a lie!” Sherlock said firmly. “When we were at that disco you dragged me to, someone gave them to me. I took one because–“
He felt John’s hand in his hair once more and pretended to fall asleep after a few minutes by breathing deeply and evenly.
Nothing else.
»Thank God you don’t have to,« John responded quietly and he turned his head to look at Sherlock.
When he hears Sherlock say his name repeatedly, his head snaps up. “What?”
“Sherlock! Wait!”
She is a dream. A dream!
»I watched you in your sleep last night,« he admitted and avoided Sherlock’s eyes. »You looked peaceful at first, but then you suddenly started shivering very strongly. I suspected it was a bad dream causing it, so … I thought it might calm you down if I sang you the song that always helped
“‘nk you,” he mumbles wearily against John’s chest.
“Tell me what’s wrong, then.”
“Whatever you’re thinking, stop it,” he heard John say.
And he's just told her this is all they get. Now she must think he's stingy.
“I’m sorry.”
John made him chicken soup for dinner (»You should eat something. Your body needs fuel,« he’d said). Sherlock didn’t complain this time and just did as he was told before he said goodnight and retreated to his bedroom. He was aware John was not going to be there tonight, which only ruined his already dampened mood completely.
John’s hands ran over his back in a comforting manner as if he sensed what he was thinking.
Sherlock looked at John and shook his head only once. “I’ll be anything but.”
drowned in them. The wrinkles around his eyes that made him all the more likeable and all the more attractive. That debonair demeanour that wooed everyone around him into his trap.
” by the Backstreet Boys blasted from the speakers.
If there was any trace of inebriety left in Sherlock, he did not let it show. It was as if he had sobered immediately. The blood in his veins was boiling. Who did this man think he was? “We have to live with the pointless existence of homophobic imbeciles like you, too. Get over it.”
He kisses him once more, deeply. Sherlock’s tongue is wet and willing, pliant like his entire body and yet insistent. “John,” he half breathes, half moans, bearing down on his fingers and pulling him closer.
John sat up and kept running his hands over Sherlock’s naked back. “Please, love, come here.”
He snapped back into reality.
"You could've waited another twenty seconds," Sherlock chuckles. "It's not like I'm capable of going anywhere." He gestures down to his own erection.
When Sherlock picked up Rosie from pre-school the following day, she already sputtered out exactly what kind of pumpkin she wanted. It had to be big, she kept repeating. And orange!
as John had called it himself? How had he not realised sooner that he wasn’t serious about them? He would simply try to delete it, but the mere thought made him sick. His chest constricted.
"You got shot and fell into a coma," Sherlock tells him quietly. His eyes are full of concern but also of relief.
He was wearing a plaid button-down shirt under his jacket and navy blue jeans. His hair was slightly ruffled from the wind, and a few wisps were wet from the rain. His smile lit up his entire face. He looked– very good. Sherlock couldn't take his eyes off him for a moment, which John seemed to notice because he cleared his throat. "Can I come in?"
Let me wake up. Let me wake up. Let me wake up. Let me wake up.
"You know, he won't stop if you keep reacting this way," Sherlock said once they were out of earshot.
John is convinced it cannot get any worse, but when his shoulder starts stinging in unison with his wound next to his sternum, all the air leaves his lungs. An image of the hot, dirty desert of Afghanistan comes to life in before his eyes and the echoing sound of firing guns. He falls to the ground as his ears buzz; he feels drips of blood splashing around him. It must have been similar when a bullet breached his ribcage.
“Irrelevant.”
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure if taking that thing off would be a relief or a punishment.
"Then I'd better make this good," John smiled and came up briefly to kiss him, intensely, passionately, before they parted with a wet smack that seemed loud in Sherlock's ears. Sherlock had no doubts about that. This was already so much more than he ever dared to dream about.
So many salty drops were covering his eyes that he knew if he blinked now, they would fall, but merely thinking about what had happened, how 24 hours ago, everything had been fine, perfect even …
“Well, I’m glad the others didn’t convince you yet.”
“We’re going to Bart’s. Now.”
It was mid-morning when he awoke again. His limbs felt heavier than before and his lids hang over his eyes. His vision was slightly blurred, but it got better after a few moments.
“You kissed me although you saw that I was not free, which says a lot about your moral standards, I suppose. But then, I shouldn’t be surprised.”
“I’m glad you’re smiling again,” he whispered against his lips. “Makes you look much more gorgeous, too.”
»Ahh, the famous I-lost-my-shoe-but-I-can’t-go-back-because-he’ll-not-let-me-go-then-scene,« Sherlock announced and John giggled quietly.
. John would whither without him, would stop wanting to live, and he cannot do this to himself or his daughter. Sherlock absolutely mustn’t go through this again.
“I didn’t think you had noticed,” Sherlock breathed against his skin, kissing the pulse point behind his ear.
Sherlock’s lips curled upward. “I just wondered what it’s like, living with them every day. I don’t think I could live in a dorm.”
"I'm sorry I didn't listen the first time you called me."
John burst into laughter. “You have a point there. Too late now, though.”
It’s still unreal, and he has to remind himself a lot of times of the fact that he is allowed to do this now, and so he does. He leans forward to kiss it because he can.
»Everything you gave me this year is already so much more than I ever dared to imagine to have. I never thought that this – us was ever going to be a possibility. So being with you, being able to touch you, to hold you, to come home to you, knowing you feel the same way about me like I do about you, is the best gift you could’ve given me even though it’s not quite Christmas yet. This is all I ever wanted, love. All I wanted for Christmas was you, and now we’ve got each other. This is better than any Christmas present you can buy in the shops.«
"Argh!" Sherlock groans and runs his hands through his curls, tugging hard. John immediately reacts, grabbing Sherlock's wrists and holding them steady, trying to calm him down. It works; Sherlock's fingers loosen their grip a little.
“As much as I want to hear all the sounds you make, I’m sure your grandma values her sleep.”
“Just a minute!” he called back. “Sorry, you were gonna say?”
"Neither can I," Sherlock breathes, and they look into each other's eyes for a long moment, and they would have for much longer had it not been for Rosie who starts crying right there, right then.
»She and Clara are back together,« John explained. »They probably want to be alone. Not that I mind.«
When they finally parted for a little longer, John spoke first. "… Not here on the sofa," he whispered, probably not trusting his voice quite yet.
»Yes, but what have I done to deserve you being so–«
He cleared his throat twice. »Yes, sure,« he answered, clenching his hands as he sat down in front of the tree.
»I was just getting a bit worried,« John said and then asked, »are you alright?«
»Hmm?«
He was haunted by devious dreams in his slumber. They made him wonder how he could have been so blind.
He panted for breath when John’s teeth grazed lightly against the sensitive skin and shivered beneath his touch.
“Unbelievable,” John snorts and leans in again.
John huffed a soft burst of laughter at that and carded his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
John finally took a huge gulp from his beer. “Unbelievable.”
“You can have it. Those were more or less mental exercises,” Sherlock told him.
Sherlock whimpered quietly. "I'm still done from yesterday's training, to be honest."
Taking a few minutes longer than necessary, he made sure nothing of the sort was going to happen again as soon as he stepped out and saw the drops of water running down John's naked skin. He had no time to figure out how to stop this particular feeling or John would think he had changed his mind, or worse even, he would suspect what was going on.
John reached for Sherlock’s hand to check his pulse. He didn’t have to count many beats to know it was above what was normal for an adult. “So it’s wearing off?”
»As soon as you get in here,« he mumbled and lifted the duvet for John. The doctor chuckled and walked around the bed. »Hurry up!« Sherlock told him and turned onto his other side to face John, placing the hot water bottle between the two of them. They immediately snuggled closer to the other and warmed their hands. Sherlock was asleep within minutes, sinking into a deep slumber, but bad dreams wouldn’t stop haunting him.
Sherlock did not find the courage to look at John yet. Instead, his eyes roamed the room to find Irene, who was dancing the male part of a disco fox with her girlfriend Kate a few metres away from them. When Kate did a half-turn, Irene raised her hand to show him a thumbs-up and a wide grin with another one of those damn winks.
Sherlock was still incapable of producing any sound but a hum. He tilted his head to press a kiss to John’s sweaty forehead and then sank back against the pillow. Its warmth and softness welcomed him and he found himself drifting off to sleep when he felt John move beside him.
“Oi, where ya goin’?” Greg asked when they got up.
"Thanks, Molly, you're a real gem," John says with a warm smile and squeezes her shoulder.
His heart beat so terribly fast again when the last notes rang out and John allowed Sherlock another slow turn to end the song. Once the song was over, a lot of people cheered and clapped, others reached for the collars of their boyfriends to pull them down for a kiss. To Sherlock, this felt like a dream world because all he could focus on John’s hand which slipped out of his hand to rest down on his waist, not letting go quite yet. And then he smiled brightly. He never looked more beautiful, despite the light shade beneath his eyes from days not of sleeping properly. Despite the lines around his eyes that seemed deeper now that he was utterly exhausted. Despite everything.
Phone in hand, Sherlock dials Lestrade's number who picks up after the first ring. He puts it on speaker so John can hear, too, and the worried voice of the detective echoes through 221B.
John shot him a look at Sherlock’s utter delight.
John didn’t notice, and now, Sherlock was thankful he didn’t. It would only make things more complicated. Feelings weren’t going to solve their problems. Obsessing about it wasn’t going to make it any better.
I'm so sorry I haven't updated for ages. I have to admit I'm not really satisfied with how it turned out, but I didn't want to keep you waiting even longer. I hope you enjoyed it anyway. The next update will come very soon. It's almost finished and I just need to do some editing. Feedback is always gladly appreciated! :)
"And when you were counting all those texts I got from Irene, you were, in fact, jealous and not annoyed." It's not a question anymore; it's a statement. John decides to let Sherlock talk. He'll find out soon enough anyway, and he's much more eloquent at putting his thoughts into words.
Sherlock inhaled deeply, held his breath and nodded his head with difficulty. Even if he wanted to say something, nothing but a choked sob would have come out.
For a brief moment, Sherlock truly considered offering to help John with his paper, but he dismissed the idea mere seconds after it had come to him. What sort of impression would that make? He was already on the list under the heading of “weirdoes” of almost everyone in his year. Why would he want to add John to the many people who already regarded him as such? Awkward smiles were enough, thank you.
(See the end of the chapter for
»I’m afraid you’ll have to eat those yourself. I will not touch baked goods for as long as I shall live,« the detective declared.
need my help.«
Sherlock found himself nodding, lowering his head to kiss John once more. Their tongues continued the lazy game of teasing and pressing while John freed button by button, gently pushing the soft fabric down Sherlock’s shoulders.
“Well, technically, it’s not exactly a favour. Remember when Greg suggested the first one who gets a girl gets to bring her home? That night we all went out to the disco.”
get that? Do you know what this can do to you? And why the hell didn’t you tell me you were an addict?!”
The sick smile reappears on her face. “It's either him,” she pulls a gun out of her pocket and points it at Sherlock, “or her.” She gently pops Rosie up and down on her arm. “It's your decision. I'm not going to make it for you.”
He’d lit the fairy lights on the Christmas tree and a few other tea lights on the coffee table. There were two steaming cups of tea and a large plate of biscuits and Sherlock’s favourite self-made brownies.
“I didn’t see you much after Greg and I went to the dance floor. Mike said he left you at the bar and saw you head for the loos at some point. Later, you joined us and danced with us. I don’t know, you didn’t seem to be quite yourself. How should I explain … you just talked a lot, most of it was nonsense. I blamed the alcohol, really, because I think you had more than too much of that, judging from the way you staggered sometimes.”
The fire in the fireplace crackled and Sherlock felt warm all over, leaning back against the hand playing with his curls. He smelled John was wearing cologne and smiled a little. »So what’s this treat you were talking about earlier?«
God, it had been so long since someone had kissed him with so much love and affection he’d forgotten what it felt like to feel someone else’s lips start moving against his own because he gasped into the kiss when John parted his lips and invited him in. If John weren’t supporting his weight, he might sink to the floor, Sherlock thought.
“I need the pink phone, the one Moriarty sent us …”
“Well, I didn’t bring anything with me but myself,” John chuckled and then grimaced. Sherlock smiled. He’d really had too much to drink.
»What a shame. I never understood why people would wrap the gifts. They tear off the paper anyway so why would they want to waste it?« Sherlock stated matter-of-factly.
John spent most nights at Sherlock's place. It was a silent agreement after John had told his friends. Sherlock didn’t see Greg, Mike and Bill for almost a week, but after the third night he and John had spent in the same bed, they all met on the beach. The knowing and teasing grins on their faces told him everything he needed to know.
»What if this goes horribly wrong and it turns out this is not what you want?«
John's fingers found their rightful place in Sherlock's hair, rubbing the pads of his fingers over his sensitive scalp and caressing the soft, untameable curls – dishevelling what wasn't willing to look acceptable tonight anyway. Upon grazing his skin with his fingernails, Sherlock let out a quiet gasp, giving John's tongue the chance to sneak into the heat of his mouth, meeting Sherlock's – teasing, playing, exploring.
He shook his head. It was probably too early to think about those things now.
Darkness.
Gosh, my lovelies, I am so sorry this has taken ages again.
Mike ignored John completely. "You should hear him," he chuckled. "He's so gone on you, it's–"
Sherlock turned back onto his back and closed his eyes, running his hands through his hair. Was John embarrassed about what he did? Did he feel ashamed? Did he think he went too far?
God, he wanted it, too. He merely needed more time – he wanted it to be good for John; he didn’t want to disappoint him or worse even, scare him off with his inexperience.
“I’m not anxious. I’m just not exactly keen on our landlady knowing what we get up to in bed.”
“No human remains in our living room. No backtalk.”
"What are you–," Sherlock started but was cut off when John intertwined their fingers loosely but undeterred.
His counterpart's eyes gleamed, and he flashed a smile as he reached into the pocket of his jacket and revealed five little pills in a small plastic bag. "Like this."
“What do you think is it going to be?”
»Perfectly alright, thank you,« the detective blushed and cleared his throat.
He is
And for the next few hours, he didn’t remember why he felt sad.
Sherlock cut him off. “Yes.”
John presses a kiss to his forehead and retrieves a flannel from the bathroom to wipe them both clean, making a quick job of it before re-joining Sherlock in their warm and comfortable bed. He pulls the covers over both of them and welcomes Sherlock in his arms when he moves closer, careful not to rest his hand on his healing back.
Sherlock reprimanded himself mentally and looked down into John’s eyes.
He stretched his leg and pulled his toes up, hoping the seizing pain would ebb away, but instead it increased, and his still weakened body was pulled underwater a little. "Damn," he breathed, calling out, "John!"
“Sort of.”
Pleasure pooled inside Sherlock’s belly. He hadn’t even looked down yet.
“You’re into investigating cases, then?”
He still hadn’t found out where it came from. He only knew its constant presence had accompanied him ever since he saw John regularly. Any autonomous attempts of his thoughts to consider what Irene had said about “having a crush” were stopped immediately. He couldn’t allow himself to fall for someone, even less to think about the process. Admitting it to himself would make it real, make it true, and the truth cannot be disregarded and remain unacknowledged for long. Better not to think of it.
He sat up and kissed John briefly before he reached for his pants and making his way to the loo.
For a long time, time stood still.
Read it on
“Yes.”
"But I'd love to hear all the beautiful sounds you make." The gentle susurration crawled through his skin into his rib cage and squeezed his heart, causing the dam to break. Gasping, he met John's strokes that were slow and teasing, but firm and with an unfaltering rhythm. When he circled his glans with his thumb, a croaky moan slipped from his lips.
He thinks of all the times he argued he wasn’t gay. How much that must have hurt Sherlock.
Sherlock reached for the tape and then stopped inches above the present. »You,« he cleared his throat once more. »You really want to leave it like this? It’s crinkled all over the place.«
“No. I prefer my doctors clean-shaven,” Sherlock smiles.
He excuses himself to the bathroom, and John gives him the privacy. He appreciates it partly, even if it baffles him a little. Sherlock has never been coy about revealing large parts of his nude body in front of people; Buckingham Palace being the best example. This is different, though. This is more intimate.
?” John frowned in confusion. “Are we going to the same uni?”
He would have to give this some thought. A hasty decision was very inadvisable.
Sherlock reluctantly wrapped his arms around John's waist, but John offered, and he wasn't going to refuse. His fingers dug into the soft fabric of his shirt.
John makes out his form a little bit clearer now, but this damn darkness wouldn't take pity on him. "Wa… water, please…" he whispers, and then the cold hand is gone and so is the silhouette, saying something that sounds like, "of course."
“People sometimes do horrible things for reasons that seem appropriate and justified at that moment. The crucial thing is that they realise their mistakes. Some never reach that stage. What happened is in the past. You can’t undo it. You must learn to acknowledge and accept your wrongs.”
Waiting for John to finish counting his pulse beat, he hoped the weariness would pass eventually.
“Where are you going?”
He grinned wickedly. »That doesn’t mean I wouldn’t enjoy him complaining about having been stuck on the M25.«
»John!« Sherlock groaned. »Would you just let it go?«
He truly couldn’t believe his luck at any rate. He could still feel his lips on him as they kissed him
"Don't mention it," Sherlock answers, taking plates out of the cupboard.
I intend to update more regularly, but I can't make any promises. Hopefully, you still enjoy reading as much as I enjoy writing it.
His steps were silent since he was barefoot, but the sound of the man's shoes hitting the ground echoed in his ears, everything was loud and buzzing;
»Mrs Hudson probably heard that,« John panted and Sherlock could feel the huffs of breath against his ear.
Peaceful.
What's so special about Gardenias, though?" John wishes to know. "I'm not much of a botany expert."
The shock on John’s face made way for the incredulity which yet again made way for the outburst of laughter. “You’re ridiculous.”
»I suppose,« Sherlock grinned and relaxed a little. »Would you like me to play it for you?«
Something clenches in John's chest as he hears Sherlock's whispered, pleading words full of uncertainty and hope. He looks adorable standing there – and yes, that truly is the only word fitting the look on the detective's nervous face.
She takes a seat in the chair – previously occupied by Sherlock – and takes on a stern look. "I hate to say this, but that's where you belong for bringing that poor man to tears!"
“Yes, he showed me a few tricks.”
Their sealed lips separate, and John sits up to coat his fingers with lube once more. Three this time. It can be quite an uncomfortable business if done for the first time, which is why preparation is even more important, besides the risk of tearing sensitive spots within him. The last thing John wants is hurt him again.
“I thought you would …,” he stopped again, not knowing if he should tell her. He didn’t want to upset her, but he had also sworn he would be honest with her. “I thought you would be disappointed.”
“Hey,” John whispers.
And now he lies in Sherlock’s – their? – bed as if nothing has happened at all.
When he woke the next morning, his entire body felt as ease. His eyes adjusted to the sun rays that found their way through the branches of the tree in just next to his window and woke him up gently. Not fully recalling the last time he had slept so well, yesterday’s events came to his mind.
His look turned serious and incredulous then. »You haven’t – since you were at uni.«
a sweet one, and he definitely did
John directs his gaze at the floor beneath his feet. They're clad in warm, woollen socks, giving him a feeling of being comfortable, of being at home. "You shouldn't have to," he mutters.
Sherlock couldn't hold back the whine that broke free from his throat. It already felt like an age since John last touched him, and God, how he had missed it. John's presence, his voice, his smile, and his touch. He seemed to know just how much pressure he needed to apply, how tight he had to jerk his fist to elicit the sweetest sounds from Sherlock, how fast he had to go to bring him close to the edge, and how slow he had to tease him by running his thumb over the head to make him go mad with lust and need.
problems, yeah,” John sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “Harry’s my sister.”
He hesitates in front of the door, watching the golden numbers. Bright, shining, reflecting the dim light of the grey late afternoon as if a burning force had come to life from within them now that the rightful inhabitant is back where he should be.
“Well, that’s a first,” John replies.
His hands wandered up and down John’s strong, muscular thighs as John aligned both their erections and started stroking slowly but firmly.
“Your body isn’t used to it,” John answered. “But it will be. You just need some exercise and you won’t find this uncomfortable anymore.”
Sherlock rubbed his eyes, causing the tears to roll down his cheeks. He was unable to stop them. What the hell was John going to show him? What was this all about?
"It is. Thanks so much for having me."
“I don’t mind.”
They continued their practice setting the ball back and forth between each other.
Sherlock would climb into bed after conducting an experiment or coming back to the real world after retreating to his mind palace for several hours, trying to solve their current case. He would snuggle into John’s sleeping figure in the middle of the night. In the morning, he would wake up with John’s arms wrapped around his torso, just like he did a few days ago. John might press lazy kisses to the back of his neck or trace the lines on his chest once he was awake. Sherlock would turn around and kiss him. God, he would kiss him all the time if only John would let him.
Sherlock couldn’t hear the voice at the other end of the phone, but John’s mood changed as soon as he saw the person’s name.
But in the end, it was better to do it now than later. When it was possibly too late.
"That was …," Sherlock whispered, not quite finding suitable adjectives yet, "very, … very …"
“Your wish is my command,” John whispered and then began to lick up and down his cock as if it were an ice popsicle.
Sherlock could feel his eyes on him as he prepared two cups of tea and his lips curled upwards.
Sherlock hesitates for a moment, but then says, “Deal.”
She placed it on the sitting room table with Sherlock to her right and John to her left. Of course, she would have to find the photo of his swollen cheek first, though, which meant John would get to see plenty of other very embarrassing days of his childhood. Hoping it wouldn't scare him off, he had agreed to it, despite being very reluctant about it.
“Trust me, it was the worst,” Sherlock murmured.
He settled on one of his grandma's deck chairs – she never moved the other one that belonged to his grandpa – and continued to read his book about bee culture.
the yoghurt, I went back to the main road and was
“You are all much more capable than I am. Don’t run yourself down.”
John was awake and kissing his nape, caressing him with his fingertips.
too late. It can’t be. It
Sherlock watched John with an amused smile. The scene reappeared in front of his mental eye the way it would in a movie.
It must have been something that bothered John a lot. He hadn’t witnessed a situation like this with him before.
If John’s words hadn’t reassured him, his answering smile definitely would have.
"I'll take that for you, shall I?" A hand reaches for the phone. "Oh," she laughs. "It's Sherlock. Funny coincidence, isn't it?" She accepts the call.
John chuckled and pulled Sherlock along. They headed for the beach, walking hand in hand. Away from the crowd. Away from the music. To the sound of the sea running over sand and stone, the sound of marram grass swaying in the soft breeze.
He does none of these things.
Sherlock laughed a little and pressed his palms against his closed eyes. “I hate you.”
Sherlock reaches down, letting his hand trail over John’s chest, through the thin, golden hair on John’s chest, but John takes him by the wrist. “What––“
“No, but then I’m not with you all the time.”
It was too soon, but that didn’t matter.
»Get up now. We’re leaving in a minute,« John chuckled and stood, heading towards their bedroom to get their bag as Mrs Holmes had asked them to stay for the night.
Sherlock.
He had to open the window wide because he suddenly felt too hot. He had never shared his bed with anyone before apart from Redbeard when he was little. And he didn't really count here. He didn't know how it would feel. Having John kiss him was already incredibly overwhelming, what would lying beside him be like?
Now, he just felt tired.
“Neither do I.”
»Merry Christmas,« Sherlock’s older brother grumbled and was relieved when she pulled back.
Before he could think about what he had just done, he got up. He had never been as grateful about the adjacent bathroom as he was at this moment. Wiping himself clean, he found himself even more worn-out than he had before.
“Why not?”
»They’re in the top drawer, next to the black ones,« came Sherlock’s muffled answer. Only his hair was sticking out from under the duvet now. His great aunt loved knitting so she would give him a new pair of woollen socks for Christmas every year. He’d only kept a few; otherwise he’d need another drawer.
“At least my grandma likes you. Not so sure how those people feel about Greg and Bill.”
for so long, but I kept denying it to myself, and then it was too late and–"
John started at his shoulders, caressing his shoulder blades and the back of his neck.
, someone whispers into his ear. He can hear the sneer in the voice. He doesn't need to look to see his face.
“Could you … come back here?” he asked. “But keep doing this.”
John glances down at his watch. It’s barely seven.
A quiet sigh escaped from their chests at the same time, leaving them smiling against each other’s lips. “What a treat,” John whispered.
»I want–« He pressed up against John again, but it wasn’t enough. It was nowhere near enough. »I need you to touch me. I want to … to feel you against me,« he gasped and then John’s mouth was against his again and he felt eager fingers unzipping his trousers.
The hint of a smile tugs at Sherlock’s lips. “Thought your deductive skills had improved for a moment.” The smile vanishes as soon as it appeared. “I went back home to check on Rosie every three hours. Worrying about two Watson’s at the same time can be rather – time-consuming.”
The first few days have gone by at an agonisingly slow pace. Sometimes, he didn't even know if one day had already passed and the next one had taken over without him noticing it. It did not get easier with time or less hard to bear. He still fell asleep imagining John was there with him, whispering sweet nothings into his ear, grazing his fingers over his sensitive scalp, breathing in unison with him until he succumbed to sleep. He didn't know if it was easier or not this way. It made him miss John even more; it made his chest feel heavy with guilt and yearning and wistfulness.
Sherlock shrugged which made John laugh again. »I take that as a yes.«
“You cold?”
"That explains why you barely turn up to classes," John chuckled, and Sherlock couldn't help but smile, too. "But yes, I can relate to that,” he smiled and emptied his tumbler. “I prefer a night out at the pub with friends over parties such as this.”
When he could walk properly again, he took him to their favourite ice cream parlour. John hadn't pointed out that he had actually won their little match, and he kept saying he didn't have to do this, not after what had happened, but Sherlock knew deep-down John was pleased. He wanted to lace their fingers together on the way, but he acknowledged this would spoil the atmosphere. John wasn't the type for this apparently, at least when it came to being with a bloke. Sherlock couldn't blame him; he had heard homophobic comments all his life, people always had assumed he was gay, judging from his clothing style, his hair, his appearance, and he had never corrected them. It simply hadn't been worth the effort and the trouble, as they wouldn't have believed him anyway. The jokes only would have become meaner, crueller and more dismissive. He hesitated to admit that they were right after all, that they knew it before he did because they were idiots, but he was also still figuring out what all this meant, what he was, who he was. Mainly, he wanted to focus on John, because when he was with John, he felt good and happy, and it seemed as if vice versa this was also the case. Making John happy was the most important thing, and forcing him to display affection publicly apparently provoked the opposite, and this was definitely unacceptable.
“I’m not.”
The rays of the sun fell gently onto his face, warming his cheeks and painting them rosy. The tension still sat heavily on his shoulders, and he still didn't understand why. He wanted John. He wanted him in every way there was, but despite having been intimate with him already, this was different. From now on, it would be the whole package. Sherlock shook his head at the very notion and smiled at how preposterous it sounded. Nothing would change. John would still be John, careful with every movement, with every touch of his hands, every kiss on sensitive places, and he would always be himself. Was it the fact that it might cloud his calculating mind, being with John like this? Not seeing where he was going anymore? Unaware of the road ahead of him branching off in two different directions and him choosing the wrong one by accident because he wasn't paying attention?
“He’s very ambitious.”
John furrowed his brow in mock offence. "No," he whispered and leant forward to kiss Sherlock's mouth once. Just a light peck. “I mean that.”
Sherlock's breathing had stopped without him noticing it, but it didn't matter. He leant forward and pressed his lips against John's so hard and deeply that he would have stopped breathing anyway.
He would never not want John – the way they were together just now or merely lying together with nothing more than their fingers brushing over one another, breathing in unison. He would never not want John around; be it only the reassuring presence he provided when he was in the same room and smiled at him or the deep conversations they had in idle moments and the jokes they shared when life seemed to be too easy on them.
“If I was a girl, you wouldn’t be careful not to display affection publicly,” Sherlock said, trying to make John lock eyes with him.
