He turned to face her. A vicious sneer spread across her lips. “To keep you stupid apes from giving his powers to Death and ruining Heaven. Ask those other two.”
Dean just buried his face in his hands. “That explains Jack… ugh. This isn't how I would have told 'em."
"I know. I know now. It took a long time but I know that now, I do. I just…  that's not scratching the surface on my old man's flaws, you know? I just wanna be better. I wanna be better. Wanna - wanna be good."
Within two minutes, Jack was up and playing with his blocks. He was signing some little indistinguishable song, and it was clear that the incident was already forgotten and far away in his mind.
“He’s otay?” Jack said, touching the screen, then looking back at Dean, who was feeling a little like dying as he watched the LCD display go white under the kid’s hand. He was also sure that Jack had just slathered his flat screen in snot.
“That’s not true,” the angel insisted. “Kelly told me many things. I’ve assembled a crib and prepared a nursery. She made me practice things as well, like mixing formula and warming bottles,” Cas said.
“I know I never told you. I would not have had you learn this way,” Dean said, looking away, ashamed.
"I would like that, even if it is more a naming formality than anything else," Cas said with a contemplative smile.
Garth thanked him effusively then scampered off to find Beth, who just handed little Cas off to Jody and Donna, who were squealing over the baby while Claire looked annoyed.
"I was not!" Dean cried, kicking Sam's knee again and crowing in victory when he snatched the phone successfully.
"Well, good. That's good," Dean said, feeling happy tears threatening to form in his own eyes, wishing he knew something better to say. He dipped down and wiped the tears from his angel's face, taking in his features and drinking in this moment.
Castiel smiled warmly at Dean as he came over to him, who laid out in the grass eagerly for his angel. He positioned himself over the righteous man, placing sweet kisses down his chest, clavicle, abdomen, and then making his way lower and lower, slowly. He let his hands roam over the hunter's body, finally coming to rest where his hips and thighs met for a moment before grasping the base of Dean’s cock firmly and, after a slightly quizzical look, licking it curiously. He seemed to decide it was not too bad, and swallowed Dean down to the hilt, sucking lightly, as if to test before ramping up the intensity a bit. It took him a while to find a rhythm he liked, but not too long.
He handed Dean a small stack of photos. The hunter thumbed through them with a sense of déjà vu. When it hit him, it made Dean gasp. "These aren't pictures - they're
Truthfully, if anyone in the world but Dean Winchester tried to gift him something as preposterous as a rubber bee duck, he wouldn't have accepted it, but  something seemed precious in the moment where Dean passed it into his hand. The hunter looked sheepish and uncertain, and Cas had to stifle a laugh. The righteous man, the sword of Michael, the man who killed Death - he'd just given him a gift. An ugly little bee duck. And that made the thing precious.
"I hope so, Cas. I really fucking do. I was being an asshole to him before he changed...and for a while after. But now that it's sinking in, it feels like a second chance."
He got himself a cup of coffee and took in the small sounds around him and the slow, simple feelings of the day. The morning drifted away. Afternoon came to pass. Jack was napping and Cas had put on the same record Dean had after only a little  difficulty getting it started. Then, Cas dove back into his research on babies and parenting.
"I have to go and get some things. Stay here for now," Cas told it, giving it a pitying look. "I vow to return and take care of you," he said, giving it an earnest look before he flew away to gather supplies needed to care for the creature and make it healthy again.
“I still don’t trust that you’re not angling for something, but the power is dissolved. Honestly, I didn’t need to destroy the crystals in front of them. They were scrambling like scared rats the second I destroyed the first one, they could feel the power leaving this earth. Still, it was a good power move. They won’t try to cross me.” For the
"Dean," Cas said gently, placing a hand on his shoulder. It brought Dean out of whatever hyper fixation he was in too suddenly. Dean jerked with a shocked gasp, then tried to laugh the jumpy reaction off.
“Alright, dearie. I’m going to give you one chance before we have to get nasty. Why don’t you tell me and my lovely woman here a wee nibble of information about that prophecy,” Rowena said with a sickly sweet smile that looked anything but welcoming.
And then Castiel's mind went blank. His eyes squeezed shut. He felt the tension deep in him suddenly release and with that release came ecstasy.
“Fuck, yes, Cas,” he moaned. He was good at keeping quiet. He’d mastered the art of utterly silent orgasms in hotels growing up. Sharing a room all your life with family made that an absolute necessity, but right now, all that was in Dean’s mind was more, faster, yes and he would deal with the repercussions of his noisiness later
"And I'm tired of hiding that I like romantic fucking movies and walking through the flowers at the goddamn park with you and tired of hiding that I dont think you have to gank the things that go bump in the night to be - to, to-," He was practically yelling by the end, and he stood up and slammed both fists into the table so hard the lights flickered.
They watched another beautiful sunset and stayed until after the sun was down and the moon was up - until crabs started to scamper around everywhere. Dean was amused and chased them around at first, but when an especially large one refused to back down, he decided it was time to head back to the hotel.
He couldn’t even distract himself by pranking Sammy. He’d gone to visit Eileen and Dean was not going to intrude on his little brother’s good time. Plus, he liked Eileen. She was funny and Sam was always lighter and happier with her around. Not to mention that she was a great hunter. The two made a great duo. What she lacked in hearing never hurt her hunting skills a bit, so Dean assumed she found ways to compensate for that. He also liked that Eileen had taught him to say “bitch” in ASL so he could tease his brother silently if need be. Eileen was a good fit for Sammy.
Cas gave him a tender smile and placed his hand on the hunter's stubbled cheek, stroking softly with his thumb.
Dean began the task of undressing his omega with unflagging enthusiasm and they couldn't help but become lost in the scents of one another as they did so.
"Hey, look at this one!" He said, walking a few steps further. "It's half a sand dollar! Heh. I guess that makes it a sand-fifty-cent piece." He chuckled at his awful joke.
The angel smiled. Then he laughed. A gorgeous sound. It was rough and deep and unfamiliar. Suddenly Cas was kneeling in front of him, eye to eye.
The Doctor hesitated for a moment, the bafflement evident upon his face,  while Sam gave Dean a puzzled look himself.
The hunter tried to relax. He knew he could trust Cas. This was different from the gross motels and the quickies on the road. This was Castiel. This was the guy who loved him.
aware that you aren't perfect… and that you cannot single handedly wipe my sins away," he said, rolling his eyes.
Dean nodded and kissed Castiel sweetly on the lips and gently squeezed his arms, letting his hands roam up and down along his shoulders, then drifting back to caress the alula of Cas’s wing. He peppered soft kisses up and down his lover’s neck, nibbling his earlobe softly.
"They put medicine on it and they gave me some other stuff too for the next few days. It's really not painful anymore, sweetheart… shit, dude. You look like a kicked puppy, stop," Dean said with a gentle smile.
“Heya Sammy!” Dean said, overenthusiastically, clapping a hand to his brother’s shoulder as he made his way past him to the fridge to grab the bacon and eggs.
The three drove from the Bunker to the park. Dean had slipped out for several minutes earlier to get the groceries and wouldn't let Cas near the kitchen while he prepared the basket.
"Oh, hey! Bring it in, Donna!" He squeezed her in a hug. Donna gave great hugs - she was a strong, caring woman and she wanted to make sure you knew it, even if it cracked your ribs.
"You're beautiful too. I didn't use to like that word. For a while. But uh, it's true. You're a beautiful guy."
"Dean, if he's stable we gotta go," Sam said urgently, "Eileen and Rowena are outside and there was a demon holding them and I-I don't know what happened -," he
"Yes. I am aware. I'm shielding you from the sun," Cas said matter-of-factly, but the glint in his eye made it clear that he knew that wasn't what the hunter meant.
Cas kept talking gently to him even though Dean's voice felt frozen in his throat and he couldn't say anything back.
Dean was doing so much, giving so much variation all at once. It was almost too much to bear. Cas was gasping, moaning, trying to hold onto reality. Dean had done this before, but everything was so intense now - maybe it was the preening, maybe it was that they were more familiar with one another now, but something was different, gloriously different. Cas was less guarded from sensation than he had been since the handcuffs, feeling it all so raw and all-consuming. He didn't know and he didn't care what it was, because the only thought in his head was
Even with the dizzying cocktail floating through his veins, Dean shook his head with a somber look. "But ya started that a while ago. I woulda noticed if you did it all at once, an' you said it was one the reasons we were already married. Tell me. Why?"
They ate and chatted, but even though he’d spent over a day sleeping, Cas was tired. However, he  insisted on putting Jack to bed before he went to lay down. He read Peter Pan to him and hummed until his little eyelashes fluttered closed and he finally fell asleep. He looked so precious that Cas couldn’t resist snapping a picture and sending it to Jody, Dean, and Sam. In that moment, he decided that now that he was human his memory might become faulty one day, so he was going to preserve as much as possible in photos.
Cas was usually more interested in what Dean wanted during sex. He was a very generous and servicing lover, but at this moment, he was taking what Dean invited him to with a precious and unflagging relentlessness. Perhaps he did so because he could tell that's what Dean needed him to do right now.
Sam gave them both a terse farewell a short while later. Dean signed “bitch” to him and told him to say hi to Eileen. Sam ignored him at first but as he stepped out the door, he tossed an affectionate "jerk" over his shoulder with a hint of a smile.
"The staff always know. One of your staff is married to a gardener who works under me for Mr. Shurley. I did not know it was separation syndrome, however. I am glad I came to visit."
Dean guiltily tossed his controller aside and scooped the toddler up, silently lamenting that he wasn’t going to be able to watch the ending of the game. “Oh, dude, don’t cry! Hey, it’s okay, it’s okay, you did great!”
"Really." Dean's jaw set. Sam felt sure he'd barked up the wrong tree here after all. This wasn't the defensive kind of anger, it was the resigned anger disguising genuine hurt. He knew Dean well enough to see he wasn't lying. Sam grimaced and felt instantly guilty. "Okay. Sorry. I'm really sorry… I shouldn't have assumed it was you. So what
Castiel nodded with a smile gracing the corner of his lips, not looking away from his work. "I am aware, sir."
Cas couldn't help but comply. He recognized the word as a new term of endearment and it made him smile softly. Whether he felt he deserved it or not, the fact they were talking and close again made him ecstatic.
Instead of grumbling any further, he broke into a warm grin. “Good. I have to get back to school. It’s gonna be finals soon. I’m getting close to my degree and I cannot fuck this up or miss it,” he sighed.
"I don't know. I- I dunno, I dunno" Dean responded, his voice dripping with panic, kneeling next to Cas and checking his pulse. "He's breathing. He's stable," Dean said. He was still worried, but knowing Cas wasn’t dead took a huge burden of weight off his shoulders.
Dean thought for a moment and nodded slightly to himself. "Y'know I guess I haven't been on that many either. Definitely not many good ones. Huh."
Dean couldn't help but moan into the kiss and press his body hard against Cas, delighting in the heat between them and the evident swell of Cas' cock pressed against him. Dean could feel his own responding in kind.
Cas emulated the breathing he wanted Dean to do, slowly and regularly until he wasn't shaking and the tears stopped. It took a while but he fell into a rhythm of breathing with Cas and calmed down a bit. He couldn't say anything, but he gripped Castiel's wrist as he touched Dean's face because he needed to hold onto something, to Cas.
"Why? This bed works well, doesn't it? I don't think there's enough room for two full beds in here, in any case."
The angel rolled his eyes and turned around. Dean's hand slid smoothly, lightly over the trench coat as the angel  turned so it remained resting on his shoulder.
“How long? How long have you been, um...been married?” Sam asked Cas. He was sporting this look of charmed stupefaction.
Cas chuckled at his joke. Dean began to chuckle too, in spite of himself - it wasn't that funny, but Cas's explanation...well, it was pretty damn cute. Cheesy as hell, but cute.
Dean's smile relaxed, but only so he could pull Castiel's close and give him a coconut rum-laced kiss, slow and gentle.
“Yes, naturally. That isn’t the point of saying it, however. I say it so you know I have won," he chuckled, voice low and a hand finding its way to loop around the omega's waist. "Now, I have brought you this," Dean said, producing the rose, "although I know you would have wished me to leave it on the bush, I couldn’t help but think it looked so stunning, like yourself. I do find myself entirely...captivated by you, Castiel.”
Cas ignored the question. "We confide and trust in each other, we have professed our love and commitment to one another, and found our own place to live. We have nested there and made it our own. I even carried you over the threshold on our move-in day. We have repeatedly been described as arguing in the same way an elderly married couple would. Of
Dean chuckled in response and his eyelids fluttered as he swallowed and brought in a shaky breath. “Fuck,” he rasped. “Cas, for your first handie, I gotta say -
Cas grasped Dean's hard dick firmly and slowly, pumping it smoothly and in no particular hurry. In a low tone, he simply said, "You seem very responsive for me even so. If it helps, I'll
“It feels nice. I like the texture,” was all Cas had to say, stretching languorously on the sofa, making it clear he had no intention to move.
At that moment, Castiel howled in return and he met his climax with an exuberance that melted the alpha's heart, even as they were in the throes of their wild natures, and his come spread between them.
"Alright, even if you have some good points, what are we gonna do about the angels and demons?" Sam asked.
Dean shrugged again, grimacing this time. "I, uh, helped a lot with Sam. I was just a kid when mom died, but dad was… well, let's say he was preoccupied. Sammy needed me. I wasn't a good stand-in, but all we had was each other. When you go through stuff like that, even as a kid, you remember. I guess... I must've kept some sorta good instincts about it."
“You… you could stay in my cottage with me. I know it is not what you have come to expect. It is very... humble. I should take good care of you there, if you wish.”
Dean nodded, spooning some more oatmeal into the infant’s mouth and sipping coffee at the same time.
” Cas gasped, throwing his head back as he thrust in between Dean’s thighs again, really grinding his hips down into the hunter this time and grasping him hard.
Cas erupted with laughter. “I understand that reference. That’s one of Jack’s favorite movies. From before.”
"You want to retire from hunting and I want to retire from being an instrument of Heaven's will. If I'm supposed to look at this, at you,
"Man, I'm not gonna be freaked out. It is… it’s my job to see freakier shit on a daily basis. Alright, so you're big and made of light and eyeballs and fire and you have a hundred wings and eight heads –
He cradled Castiel's face with one hand, looking into his eyes deeply. He'd always loved that, even when he pretended not to back when it made him feel uncomfortable from the raw intimacy. He knew that it meant something even more to Cas.
," he chuckled in disbelief. "Other angels don't get to have husbands. But I do and...That's… a dream I pray to never wake from."
“Ah, when Lucifer stabbed me through the heart during Jack’s birth,” Cas said, frowning as he remembered.
Cas arched into the touch on his wings and Dean couldn't help but grin softly when they twitched involuntarily beneath his hands. He kept raking his fingers carefully through the velvety dark feathers. He gasped when one came away with his hand.
Eileen came up to him. "Look. Bi. B-I. Bi," she said, smiling as she taught him the sign and he followed along. "And pride. Pride." He practiced a few times along with her. "And you know love, right?" He nodded, then he wrapped her into a big hug.
Dean scoffed. “How do you even know what space buns are? Anyway, I have to pee and thank CHUCK I can do it normal,” Dean sighed, looking down at his very masculine, back-to-normal body with a contented grin. He stuck his tongue out playfully at Jack before making his way to the bathroom. Cas just chuckled at Jack and settled nearby to read to him.
"Well, you're an odd... angel," he said in an immature defense, blinking with a foolish but resolute expression.
Cas frowned and sighed with exasperation. "Dean, this seat is not working. You bought a defective one. You said this was easy," he growled, setting the carseat in the base and failing to hear the click for the third time.
A chilling sensation shot through Dean as he realized what Cas was about to do. "Cas, NO! You aren't strong enough!" Dean called.
“It’s fine, dearie. I can bind Death with another wee spell I’ve prepared if she wants to be tricksy,” Rowena tossed out casually.
"I'm happy though, I am. I'm very proud too. It's just strange because… he needs me a little less. And in a way, that's very good. It means we’re doing things right. But I also feel a little saddened by that, it seems."
Eventually, even Jack seemed to pick up on Castiel's tension. He began to fuss and look at Dean anytime Cas picked him up. Fairly soon, he would actively reach out for Dean and squirm away from Cas.
“Do not call me ‘sir’. We are alone. And as soon as I am well, I will be told to leave my father’s home, I will no longer be a gentleman of high class and good breeding as you have said. It is just as well. I can never be myself here, and… you heard Sammy. What a fortune to have such a good brother. He will not leave me destitute, at the least.”
“Aye, he’s eaten just a bit of everything today. He had a wee bottle, some cereal, a nibble of teddy bear face, a wee scrimpet of Samuel’s oatmeal, and he ate half a jar of smashed carrots. He’s a hungry laddie,” Rowena answered, although she used an absurd, squealing tone and smiled at Jack the whole time as if Cas was an imaginary voice on the wind.
Dean continued reading for some time. Castiel found it to be  a strange story. He had never heard of that type of magic before, and he  also wondered about the nanny . More curious than the story, though, was the fact that Jack soon slept softly. Dean kept reading to him for a short while after, but once he was sure that Jack was soundly asleep, he slipped a piece of paper into the book and set it down. As he went to pick the baby up, he finally saw Cas.
"I was 'hot' and now I'm 'cool'? And what does that refer to?" Cas asked, amused by Dean's babbling.
"It's already done," Cas said as he passed. Sam gave him a questioning look. "Grace," he said, holding out his hand and wiggling his fingers.
Cas wasn't sure he wanted to hear that story, but he laughed and walked along happily with his hunter and their child anyway.
"If you don't shut up -," Cas started, but could not finish, as Dean covered his mouth with his hand. "No. It's my turn. You're mine now," he growled, then bit Cas's collarbone before getting back to his work. He grabbed his cock and looked into Cas's eyes hungrily as he pushed slowly inside, burying himself deep.
The following morning, Kevin packed up his bags and after breakfast, the small clan bid him adieu in an awkward barrage of hugs and goodbyes, waving as he stepped through the door.
Jack looked puzzled for a moment. "I... don't know what it is? How? How do I not know what it is? I'm supposed to know everything."
Rowena took particular interest for a few moments, recognizing a few glyphs, but even she was unable to keep it in her mind for longer than a moment. She looked up at Cas, dazed, who gave her a shrug. The witch looked away, trying to blink away the sudden brewing migraine.
"Uh, sometimes it's nice… to do like this," he said, stroking his thumbs in small circles inside Castiel's palms.
“While it is rare, it is certainly no myth. So if it pleases you, I can ask your brother to leave, but to treat your illness I must have answers."
Cas instantly reached a hand out to help him up. Dean frowned at the mess but smiled when Castiel's fingers threaded between his own as they went to shower.
felt than how he figured Cas ought to. It gave him this weird twisting, wistful feeling inside. He kinda hated that feeling on the one hand. But in the other, it seemed so apropos he could help it.
"Cas, you're a big fuckin' liar," Dean laughed. "If you want a kiss, you can have one. We're gonna figure this shit out with Sam and Zeke and get you back home and you can have all the kisses you want. You're good at that, you know, considering you haven't done it m-,"
"Hello, Dean," he said, looking at the hunter for a moment too long before turning his attention to the leaves of a plant with reddish buds. It stood out in the garden since most of the other plants were dormant, looking dead and dull, while the hellebore was verdant and lush looking even in the cold.
Dean thought for a moment, chewing his lip. After a moment, he began to smile. He shook his head, his smile growing bigger.
"I'm glad you like it Cas, but that's just a little bit of the surprise. It's just gonna set the mood," Dean said with a cocky grin, pressing play on the tape player, and the music played softly.
Dean picked one up. It looked fancy, with little green flecks of stuff and being all hand julienned and what not. He took a bite and was again, enraptured in his sense of taste. "Oh sweet Jesus," he breathed, closing his eyes for a moment. "Mmm," he moaned, opening his eyes to regard the remainder of the french fury. "How the hell did you make hot fries better than they already were?"
"Oh god, Cas, I'm close." Cas felt a thrill of white-hot pleasure down his spine. "Yes, Dean!" He exclaimed.
“That wasn’t a miracle, Cas. People get their rocks off all day, everyday. Plus, I'm pretty sure that was a deadly sin.”
Cas smiled softly, putting a hand over Dean's. "You are bisexual. And I encourage you to talk about that as much or as little as you like with as many or as few people as you like. Those who love you already understand you. Those who would judge you don't deserve to know you. You were right, you know. You don't owe anyone an explanation. But if it feels good to say it, I think that's good."
Dean looked at Jack and leaned over as if listening to a secret the infant had to tell. "What's that, champ? ...yeah, yeah, I know what you mean."
"I've changed my mind," Cas said suddenly. "I don't think you'll like my idea and I'll get you something else. I'm sorry." His tone was abrupt and panicky and he was looking at the floor.
"I agree, it is 'awesome'. I'm glad you're so happy. I am resoundingly euphoric myself," the angel said with an equally saccharine smile. He laid next to Dean, stroking his hair, and the hunter hummed a happy sound in response.
"You would stop me, Dean. You don't believe it when I tell you the barest hint of what I think of you.."
"It's similar to Doctor Who," he said, suddenly happy that Dean was so deeply interested in television, "it would be a paradox, as they say. I can't tell you. You understand."
Dean narrowed his eyes. "No! I didn't. If anything he baby trapped me! ...but, there's nowhere I'd like to be trapped more," he admitted.
"Yes," Cas confirmed. "If I stop letting my grace deplete, my soul stops growing too. Or so I theorize. I find that spiritual growth is more rewarding than grace in eons of stasis."
"Pick me up!" The child commanded, holding his arms straight in the air, wiggling impatient, chubby fingers - that looked a little sticky - at Dean.
“Never is an awfully long time. But I believe I can accommodate that. Come on. Let’s see about those thimbles.”
"I'm not coming back til you get rid of his powers. Nope. Besides, Eileen’s on her way to meet me and Rowena to help us get an ingredient for the spell."
And then the angel fell still and slack in Dean's arms, collapsing backward as a bolt of searing light shot up into the blue sky.
The music came to an end. The guests surged up and cheered, whipping their napkins in huge dramatic circles, some chanting, “Kiss! Kiss!”
Cas smiled at his lover, absolutely smitten as Dean babbled about the myriad possibilities. He loved seeing Dean brimming with excitement like this.
He flung his phone on the floor and then he punched his pillow so hard and for so long that the stuffing ended up everywhere and his face was wet with tears.
He had meant to make a point t, but now he found  himself wondering just what that meant for him. Would he stay home with Jack? Would Jack go to school? Would he need to get a job? He did not want to work at another Gas ‘n’ Sip, but he thought maybe something with people would be suitable.
It was a beautiful sunny day with a breeze - thank Jack - and Cas had the garden looking lovely. All the flowers were blooming gorgeously. The final wave of folks that had been helping at the reception hall about 10 minutes away piled in and took their seats. It was a small ceremony, by volume of guests, but everyone was happy to get together for the wedding. There were hunters and friends that Sam and Eileen had made outside of hunting as well, but everyone seemed happy for the special day.
"C'mon then," Dean said, taking Castiel's hand and leading him to the bedroom. Miracle tried to follow.
Dean shook his head and held his brother out at arm’s length. “Look at me,” he demanded, “I told you I’d kick your ass if you did that again. It seems to me you took that to heart. You freaking adore Jack. You help us out with him. You learned, you listened. I’m not saying it doesn’t suck. I still get pissed the hell off when I think about it, but I don’t need to stay pissed because you turned it around, Sammy. You helped us summon Billie and convinced them to destroy the crystals.” He sighed and squeezed Sam’s shoulder with a weary, open-hearted look.
Dean shrugged and squirmed uncomfortably. "I dunno, man. It was all just really intense and you were sayin' all that nice shit."
"Yeah, we have, haven't we? Why was that so hard, huh?" Dean laughed. He uncovered his face and smiled nervously at Cas. "I love you," He whispered forcefully, then laughed, disbelieving could say it. It still wasn't easy, but it was like a part of him that had been locked down for a long time was free at last.
"Because, Dean - that's my happy ending. Maybe you don’t believe in soulmates, but I do. I only have a soul because of you," he said so softly and weakly.
“Stitches,” Dean agreed. Now that the fight and danger had passed, he was feeling the heat and pain of the wound and the sticky, dampness of his shirt stuck against his ribs.
Cas shrugged again. "You seem quite satisfied with your musical selection. He must have assumed you had all the music you need."
"Dust to dust," Cas whispered, eyes fixed on the remains of the power that once infused Jack. Reduced to nothing, no longer able to haunt them or hang over Jack's little head.
Dean didn’t always want to use frisky humor or playful silliness to get Cas into the bedroom after a fight, but he had to break the ice and let him know that he was still loved somehow. Dean wasn’t interested in talking about feelings anymore than he already had right now. That had taken a lot out of him over the last several days, and he just wanted to feel close to Cas again and have a good time. He knew that he should probably have done some sort of tender, reassuring lovemaking, but he was emotionally exhausted and this just felt
And no, Dean isn't going to top forever. I think we all know he loves Cas taking charge. Dean's just working through some stuff.
Cas looked at Dean, hesitating. He clearly expected some type of response. "Um, I noticed that too, when I was pitting them. They are exceptionally juicy cherries. They're from Spain." It almost sounded like a question, because Cas had no idea what he was supposed to say here.
"Come on, Cas," Dean said impatiently, mean-mugging his brother. Cas practically ran into Dean's room and the door slammed shut behind them.
A few weeks later, Dean and Cas were in the Dean Cave having a western marathon at Dean's insistence. Cas felt less inclined than ever now that he had his grace and wings fully restored to sit around and watch depressing unrealistic movies, but it made Dean happy. He also didn't mind the popcorn.
He was trying to hold back tears. Unlike Dean, he didn’t find tears shameful, but he did find them concerning. They were another reminder that he was more human and more in his vessel sometimes than angel now. He supposed he should find that upsetting, but he couldn’t help but think this was right. This was where he was always meant to be. With Dean.
Dean broke away laughing. "Alright, I hear you. I hear you." He started up the car and they headed home, hearts a little lighter than when they arrived.
"I was homeless, Dean. Unless the roller grill at the Gas n Sip counts as cooking, no. My favorite food was peanut butter and grape jelly. It was not exactly 'fine cuisine'."
"I missed you too," Cas breathed, still holding his gaze, then slamming down as Dean bucked his hips into him, making them both groan low and rough. The hat slipped once more and Cas reached to hold it in place with one hand but not stopping his deep, intense motions.
Dean sighed. "You do what makes you the most comfortable. I love the idea of you losing control for me. I wanna see that look on your face again."
Cas came in, holding Jack who was in a onesie dotted with little ducks, bouncing him gently with a puzzled look at the women. Dean followed behind with  Kevin and Sam in tow. All of them were ready to listen, but apprehension and tension filled the space with an unpleasantness that made them all feel a little sick inside.
"Dean," he said softly, "your biggest fear is that what you love will leave you. But have you ever thought that distancing yourself from the people you love, rejecting them over and over is not the answer? That shame is not the answer? It's not just me. It's Sam too, it's others too. Even Jack," Cas said softly.
"You're already very generous when you vocalize, but if you think this is important, I believe you," Cas agreed. "So what is the 'unsexy' word?"
“Move, Cas,” Dean groaned, bucking back into him. That pulled a low sound from Cas, whose fingers gripped Dean’s hips so hard his knuckles went white.
“Come. Let me put this on you,” Cas said, settling on the blanket and carefully reading the instructions on the sunscreen he’d gotten.
"I know," Dean replied. "I know you. I can tell when I'm pushing you close to the edge. I know we can't just put you in true form mode without planning for it. I'll always be careful with you, Cas. Just like you're careful with me."
This was all wrong. He knew he should not push Dean too far, but as far as he could tell, the hunter was talking in riddles.
Cas hesitated before shaking his head, "I'm not sure he would be receptive to that. It’s probably best that you keep this between us."
Dean's voice trembled with anger and the plastic of his phone began to strain under his furious grip.
It was hard for Dean to admit he wanted to this, especially out loud - but he did, he wanted to give control to Cas. Dean fought viciously to control everything in his life, even if it was irrelevant, but Cas... he was so strong and so comforting. Most of all, Dean trusted him completely. Perhaps even more so after the incident in the shower - Cas knew Dean's limits better than
PLEASE be aware that there are a lot of dark themes in this fic. I will say that they are explored briefly and in the past, but this is different from the other works I've posted before, so I want you to be aware of that ahead of time. <3
Cas crossed his arms and waved a terse greeting at Kevin before exiting the kitchen after a stirring, fussy sound came through the baby monitor.
Eileen placed a hand on Sam’s arm. “Not now,” she urged. Rowena gave Dean a sad smile. Kevin felt very awkward and wished he wasn’t seated in the middle of two giant men that were about to argue.
"Here - hold on," Dean said, flipping smoothly to be on top of Cas and reaching over him. Cas grumbled over the pause for a moment as Dean reached into his nightstand and pulled out a bottle of lube. "I hear ya, I hear ya - but trust me, you'll like this." Dean gave him a roguish smirk as he lubed their cocks up and then grasped them together. "Here, put your hand here - together," Dean said. They rutted and bucked as they rubbed their cocks together, both moaning and writhing. Dean had been with a lot of different people over the years and done a lot of things, but somehow this seemed like the most intimate thing he'd ever done. He felt lost in those ocean blue eyes. He'd loved Castiel for so long, this felt so natural. He felt his body getting tense and he panted as he sped up. "Cas, ahh…. Are you close, sunshine?"
The angel picked up the baby and placed him on his lap. Jack's hands curled up and gripped Castiel's fingers tightly and he squealed loudly. "Oh yes. Very interesting," Cas chuckled. He'd always thought it was stupid that humans pretended to respond to the random noises and babbling of infants, yet he now understood. It wasn't about words, it was about teaching and bonding.
"And, to be on the safe side, I want you to mix into the holy oil...oh, let's add the essence of cedar and essence of cyclamen. One drop each," she said, carefully writing it on the bottom of the paper. "And three laurel leaves. Let it sit in the sun for three days, but bring it in before the moon comes out."
It was only because Jack stirred that they slowly separated. They spent a few brief moments lost in one another’s eyes and trying to catch their breaths. Possibly and hope danced amidst the lustful feelings Cas felt surging through him. The realization that this was really happening, that Dean really wanted him and that Cas could have him - it made him so giddy he could barely stand it, even if it hadn’t truly sunk in yet.
"But…" the angel's hand trailed over the bite marks on Dean's neck and clavicle, while the other found the light purple bruises where his fingers had dug into the hunter's hips with too much angelic strength. He recalled the scratches he'd left down Dean's back, worried he'd done that too hard as well. Cas frowned, feeling guilt.
After a few minutes,  Dean looked toward the ocean. He gasped with excitement and flung himself on the blanket next to the angel, gently shaking him.
Dean’s eyebrows lifted and he nodded. “Hadn’t considered it. Jerks have to try again until they get the assignment?”
There was a perception of tidal motion, their energies moving together and mingling. They failed to know where one ended and the other began. Time was irrelevant and imperceptible to them. It was blissful, beautiful, oneness. There was no Dean, there was no Cas, just
Jack gave him a gummy grin and chewed thoughtfully on his hand from the pack and play, then went back to slamming his rattle down repeatedly. The sound was absolutely infuriating, but the joy it brought Jack made Cas smile before he laid back down.
Dean sighed. "Don't expect this all the time. I was trying to get laid tonight, dog," he relented, leaning down to scratch the dog's ears.
“Watch me, Cas. I want you to watch me,” he muttered to the man that was writhing beneath his capable hands before resuming his work. Dean was determined to make it the best blow job he’d ever given, and he knew he was already very, very good. He kept his half-lidded eyes on Cas, and revelled in the struggle Cas was clearly having to keep them open. Dean revelled in the fact that those eyes were so lust-blown they looked black. He reveled in the stifled sounds that Cas made and the strain of his near-virgin hips against Dean forcing them back down, and he reveled in the goosebumps that sprouted all over Cas’s skin.
when your vessel dies, you die," he said. It was a little sad to him, but now it made sense at least.
Cas looked puzzled. "Taste? Well… I suppose I do miss it sometimes. And I worry that my cooking doesn't taste good."
The two of them had become good friends since she'd moved into the bunker with Sam and they'd spent more time together during Dean and Sammy's bro nights. Dean still wasn’t certain what it was they got up to during that, but he’d stopped worrying about it. Eileen had proclaimed that Cas was her friend as much if not more than Emily, and she could have a groomsman if she wanted. No one was inclined to stop her.
Rowena, clad in a lovely little green dress and stunning, dramatic gold jewelry dripping off of her as if she were Midas, cleared her throat before the guests and the participants and began.
Cas contemplated this for a moment, then slowly walked over and opened the driver's side door with a curious look as Dean watched in bafflement. With a very poignant and earnest expression, he said, "I like and respect you, too, Dean."
"Well you're trying to put air in it, so you gotta make a motion like this," Dean said, demonstrating the angle and motion in the air.
"What's so funny, man? I'm… I'm really struggling here, so please, you got somethin' worth laughin' about, share it with the class," Dean huffed indignantly.
Cas slowly looked up at him, abashed and cautious. "No, I won't. I swear. I wanted to do something good for you, but… I understand now why it was wrong. But I will say I did know you were sad. I didn't know what to do about that. I know what to do when I make you simply worried or angry, but… I did not know how to mend the hurt and sadness I caused you."
Cas shrugged. “Essentially, yes. He chose this form just as he chose his previous form. He's very powerful and there is no reason to believe if he likes this form that he wouldn’t be able to simply subdue whatever spell we attempted.”
A quick summary of how Jack (our sweet baby cinnamon roll of a God) swoops in deus ex machina style and conveniently saves the day, which I recognize is crappy writing and story telling, but since that is not what this fic is about I refuse to apologize for it. If you want to simply move ahead without reading this, that's fine too, just know that this is where I just completely ditch canon and say "fuck it, happy endings all around" except it's more of a happy beginning situation because, dear readers, it is not the end.  ; ]
"Hello, Mister Winchester, sir. I bear a gift and well-wishes from Mr. Shurley for your brother. I wondered if I might bring them to him. I understand that to be an unusual request, I just… take great pride in the care and arrangement of my work and would like to ensure they are pleasing to your brother's eyes. Perhaps the aroma also will chase whatever miasma afflicts him away. We can hope, at any rate."
Dean pulled Cas deeper into the water, watching as his wings dipped below the surface and then he just kept pulling, bringing Cas deeper until they were standing in the water up to their shoulders, swaying, suspended in the water as swells of gentle waves lifted them barely off the ocean floor then brought them back down, over and over.
Dean couldn't stop grabbing the angem, running his hands over his thighs and ass over and over, bucking into him as much as Cas would allow. Every time the hunter uttered a sound or moan, he saw Cas's eyes taking him in from under the brim of the hat a little harder, saw the muscle in his jaw clench just a bit tighter.
Cas smiled and nuzzled closer to Dean. “No such thing as perfect,” he murmured. His voice was low and fading into an exhausted slur.
Dean chuckled, raising his eyebrows and nodding vigorously. "It was the best birthday ever. Not just the sex -
He finishes one glass and before the burn in his throat could dissipate, he pours another. Out of the corner of his eye, he realizes someone is behind him.
“It means come, Cas. I’m gonna make you come. You just have to trust me. Come on, sunshine, live a little.” Dean chuckled.
"I'm glad you like them. The other angels don't, not now that they've changed." Castiel froze. He regretted saying it the moment the words left his mouth.
The angel added a third finger and Dean was positively unmanageable as Cas continued his ministrations. He was moving against Cas' fingers and twisting his hands in the bed sheets until his knuckles were white. Cas removed his fingers, which made Dean whimper for a moment. Then he felt Cas was on top of him and he felt the angel lining up with his hole. In that moment, Dean opened his eyes. Cas looked absolutely wrecked. His eyes were lust blown and half-lidded in a lust drunk look Dean wished he could capture perfectly in his mind.
Cas was still relentlessly railing him, every forceful smack of the angel's hips was forceful and purposeful, and now with Dean's face pressed down to the mattress and ass high in the air, Cas was striking that sweet bundle of nerves with an interminable accuracy.
"Something the demon said," Eileen said. "He said there was a prophecy. We should call Kevin before we do anything."
"Yeehaw," Cas attempted awkwardly, panting. Dean barked out a laugh but it was stifled into a moan as Cas shifted into more dramatic, long motions, spearing himself on Dean's cock again and again.
Dean had a slight grimace as he listened to this one. He'd never heard it before. He listened to the entire song without a word. As the song seemed to come to an end, he looked over at Cas with a pained expression.
Dean nodded. "Yeah, I mean… it was a stupid mistake. My boss was pissed, I was pissed at myself. I figured you'd be pissed too," he said, fidgeting with his hands uncomfortably as he spoke.
PLEASE be aware that there are a lot of dark themes in this fic. I will say that they are explored briefly and in the past, but this is different from the other works I've posted before, so I want you to be aware of that ahead of time. <3
Cas frowned slightly, but nodded. He couldn’t deny how tired he was. He settled in close to Dean, throwing a leg on top of him. The hunter fell asleep not long after. They were a tangle of limbs all wrapped up in one another, but it felt like home. Dean fell asleep feeling more confident and comfortable than he had in a long time.
“I don’t hate you, Sammy. I could never hate you. But I can’t let you hurt Jack,” Dean said, finally sounding just a bit sympathetic.
That seemed about right for Cas, though, didn’t it? The things that weren’t important to him he might rush past or brush by, but when it came down to the meaningful moments and the things that really mattered, he would always take the time. Like with Dean, he waited for years, never expecting anything in return. He did the hard work himself and never cut corners, every time.
He gave the sweet child a weak smile. Jack was lying on his belly, looking through the mesh window on his pack and play. He  beamed back with a happy coo, then went back to examining his small teddy bear and affectionately chewing its face.
Warning, I'm going to plot some LIGHT angst next chapter, but I *promise* it will be resolved by the end of the chapter!
“I think Sam felt the same about us until you screamed until you lost your voice and I shattered all the glass in his home. I did fix it, but… He still seems angry.”
liked, not just what a cookbook and technical knowledge could teach him. Since he didn't have the requisite emotional connection with food, he decided to forge one by asking Dean to teach him.
The second strike came just three days later. Dean, Sam, and Cas were having a quiet evening in the bunker, reading and cataloging the Men of Letters library and adding their notes and extra information where needed at Sam's insistence.
“Cas, an awkward situation is never made less awkward by saying out loud that it’s awkward," Sam sighed.
“Wow, Cas,” Dean whispered, still grinning like a fool. Cas grinned back, but there was something wanting and foreign in his eyes that intrigued the hunter. Dean gave his lover’s thighs an appreciative squeeze, stroking and squeezing up and down. “I have a feeling you’re going to be really, really good at this,” he rumbled.
"Sit with me, Cas," he said, his voice faint and tender, gesturing to the seat across from him. The angel's heart soared at the fragile offering. He sat slowly, as if he might frighten Dean off if he wasn't careful, wings twitching anxiously behind him. Dean could always tell when Cas was really nervous, because he pinned his wings tightly to his back, and the long primaries trembled occasionally when something had caught his attention. It was kind of adorable.
"Are you tired?" Castiel asked very casually, fiddling with his bookmark but still not putting the book away.
Dean ignored Samuel as well as Castiel’s attempt at logic. "Did you know that Miss Talbot's father wrote to me from London? The only good thing to happen out of this. She has ended our engagement. At least I shall die free. And to gaze upon you one last time, even if you are not real, it does please me so."
Dean frowned at Cas a little, but hesitantly pet the dolphin. It lifted its head and made the chirping, chittering sound he'd heard on documentaries.
"Thanks, Cas." He cast a glance at Jack. "I'm glad you're a normal little squirt now. I'm gonna hide your powers somewhere safe so no bad guys can get at 'em before you do, buddy." Dean booped Jack's nose affectionately as the naked squirming infant wiggled inside Castiel's trenchcoat.
"Are we… exclusive? Or more of a ‘hookup’ or ‘talking’ arrangement? Friends with benefits? Boyfriends? No, that sounds infantile. Partners? You do like cowboys, so there’s a nice parallel there," he rambled, looking off in the distance.
The silent prayers expressing longing came to a nearly tangible explosion in that short distance, mere micrometers between them and it ached - but for the first time, it didn't
Sam turned and got into the closet. "He won't like that I pilfered through his stuff, so just maybe let him think you did this if he asks?"
In seconds, he was shooting hot white stripes onto the tiles as he shouted Cas's name, echoing beautifully through the shower room. He could hear that Cas was saying "yes, Dean, yes," and his mind went fuzzy with the waves of pleasure.
The hunter first palmed along Castiel's length slowly over his boxers, looking in his eyes. Cas couldn't help the moan that escaped his lips or the instinct to grasp Dean's arms for stability. The sensation of heat and tingling waves of pleasure, aching fiery pressure - it had him weak in the knees and without his grace to suppress the sensation  he had to stifle a shout.
Dean sighed. "Man, look at him. He's such a cute little shit… do we have to change him back?" He was joking - mostly.
"Huh. Okay… that's something to unpack another time I guess,” Dean said with a shrug and a wary sideways glance.
"I… uh, me too, Cas,” Dean uttered softly, feeling wonderstruck and sad that Cas had lived so long and not been happy. Twelve years was nothing at all to an angel.
"Yeah, but was being a dick about it," Sam guffawed, "and Jack didn't like it and he turned him into Princess Leia!"
Sam sighed. He didn’t want to be the one to talk to Dean about this, but he was clearly going to have to. After a particularly irritating round of pen clicking, Sam spoke up.
"I did not. Though I truly wished to. It is shameful, I know." Dean closed his eyes, in part from exhaustion and in part from the pain of memory.
Jack made a plate and he and the party took turns suggesting what to try next eagerly. It turned out that Cas thought most of it was fine aside from the gravy, but he liked the Brussels sprouts and mashed potatoes best.
“Uhm, alright.” Cas hugged him back harder, but just as awkwardly. “Is it working? Do you feel better?” He asked.
"Yeah, I mean, I love your wings. I'm into this, too. But - Cas if I explain the joke it's just not funny anymore."
Cas paused reading. He blinked away some tears and chanced a glance at Jack, who was sleepily blinking up at Dean as he kept a grip around his index finger.
Cas stood, rolling his eyes and huffing indignantly. He grabbed Dean’s face, looking very intensely and closely into his eyes. Cas was staring intently at his soul. He didn’t see it at first. Souls are so bright, it makes it hard to see the rest. They were so close that Dean could see Cas’s moment of realization, of recognition - his pupils dilated and he gasped, pulling Dean's face yet closer.
"Damn, Cas. You should wear my clothes more often. You look good, sweetheart," he said, beaming at the angel. He clashed his hands on Cas's shoulders and looked at him, a slow up and down.
"The realization is that we are both a couple of dumb asses. Yes. I accept your unconventional proposal.”
Dean let out a string of what must have been incoherent nonsense with the occasional expletive thrown in, and Cas began similar babbling in Enochian as they panted and moved smoothly together.
Sam had walked to the kitchen and put an icepack on his head. When he wandered back in, Dean finally checked him for a concussion.
He began to play. By any measure of his actual abilities, he did horribly. It was out of rhythm, he was hitting bad notes, and kept getting distracted. But everyone was laughing and cheering for him anyway.
Dean's phone began to ring. He stepped back and pulled it out of his pocket and sighed, swaying on his feet as he looked at the screen. He picked up and immediately put it on speaker.
Dean looked at Sam, pissed off and spiteful. “No, we didn’t elope. What the hell?” Dean asked, holding his arms out in exasperated confusion.
"Hey, D! Here's your mic. Let me just make the monitor up there reflect that it's time for your speech … There's your smiling mug, looking that! Alright, give 'em a couple secs, then give 'em hell, dude."
"He's asleep. Fever's practically gone. Up top, Cas," Dean said softly, holding his hand up for a high-five.
Cas walked over to the log bench, eyeing Dean curiously. “You said something about my wings last night.”
Cas eagerly hopped in the water as soon as he saw steam and practically pulled Dean into the stream with him, but they weren’t even fully wet when the hunter pressed Cas bodily against the plasticized fiberglass and started kissing him with all he was worth.
-see how heaven, the Empty, and the Chuck and Billie situations are fixed (again, not good writing or storytelling, I literally breeze through it because I don't care and that's not what this fic is about - this is not a real chapter, more of a mini summary with some dialogue)
Cas explained. The mouth of the human face opened wide and the screech of his true voice rang out sharp and clear. While it didn’t hurt Dean anymore, he did feel a pang of sadness that he still couldn’t understand.
"Dean," Samuel softly prodded, "who is this woman you have fallen for? I will find a discreet way to bring her to you. We only wish to see you better, brother."
Dean extended his hand. Cas lifted the bandage and looked at the jagged cut across his hunter's palm. The stitches were very tidy - different than he was used to seeing the hunters give each other. It had stopped bleeding, but it broke Castiel's heart to see it. He mournfully put the bandage back over it and then laid a soft kiss on the gauze.
Dean chuckled. "Like what you see?" He asked, breaking Cas focus. "More than you know," Cas whispered with a wistful smile. "Awh, shucks, Cas. You're making me blush."
"I'll do it handcuffed too to make it fair. It’ll be extra challenging. Me and you, Cas. One on one. Best two outta three?"
He walked over and spread out the blanket neatly, setting the basket in the middle. Cas brought the stroller over and after a bit of a struggle, he unfastened the seat and set Jack on the blanket, angling him away from the sun and popping the little grey plaid visor open to give him some shade. He made it so he could see the flowers, which seemed to delight him.
Charlie squeezed his shoulder. "I know you're a good dad, so take it easy on my pal. And hey - you deserve this, Dean,” she said more seriously. “A sweet gig, time to kick back, making the next generation of hunters safer, smarter hunters, settling down with your dreamboat bestie, and raising a little padawan? Dude. That’s straight out of a fanfic -,”
"Yeah. I've never seen Dean like this with anyone else. He cares a lot about Cas and I can tell Cas loves him too," Sam responded, whispering along with his slow signing. He was getting pretty good at it. "Dean is actually talking about his feelings. Never used to do that."
Before he could panic at the realization that he was alone in the middle of an unfamiliar place, Castiel, back in his vessel, was standing above him. He was smiling down at the hunter with the most tender expression, saying nothing. The angel was clothed again, beautiful (eyeless) wings spread behind him. He waited patiently for the hunter to get his bearings. After a moment of more rain, Cas extended a wing out to keep the rain off of Dean.
Images of Dean's past injuries flashed through his head. The "what ifs" loudly rang through his head and new ideas of how Dean might get hurt just living daily life occurred to him. What if Dean got in a car accident? What if Dean fell down an embankment? What if he fell in the water when he went fishing with Sam and just drowned?
Eventually, Cas was so lust-addled the words slipped into Enochian. Still declaring himself and his love to Dean.
"It needs to rest before carving. Stop touching it," he said crossly, shooing Dean away. "You're a menace."
"Let's go to the bedroom already. I want you, Cas," he said, voice breaking a bit as Cas slowly came to a stop with his soapy hand on the head of Dean's cock.
"Cas, do you want them back to their original color, or will you keep them black?" Jack asked with a wide smile. Cas looked away and shifted on his feet as he thought. He glanced back at Dean for the briefest moment, then turned his focus at his son with a soft grateful smile. "Let's keep them as they are now, Jack. Thank you," He decided.
Cas continued reading as Dean paced and bounced until the babe was calm. After a while, he put Jack down with the same slow, precise motions of a man defusing a bomb.
"I regrew rainforest today, you know. It doesn't offer monetary recompense, but I think if it did I would be able to cover the cost of the pizza, and I would order a vegetable pizza and you would like it."
"Oh my fucking god," Dean muttered, rubbing his face with his hands, but unable to stop himself from smiling.
Cas resumed trying to coax Jack and reason with him, and Dean came back slugging at a bottle of whiskey.
"It's okay, Cas. You're still important to have around, you know. You're a wealth of knowledge and you still kick ass with a blade. And most importantly, dude - you’re our family, man. Besides, Dean's not acting like this because of you. He just gets in shitty moods sometimes and lashes out," Sam said, shaking his head and looking back to his book.
Dean found an easy rhythm. Cas squirmed and breathlessly when he sank down slowly and then hollowed his cheeks and sucked like a goddamn champ on the way up, so he stuck with that. He added occasional rolling motions with his tongue, and with each roll of his tongue on the velvet hot skin of his cock, Cas felt like he was beckoning him closer to the edge of ecstasy.
Cas went to the bedside table to get something to clean up with. When he did he found something curious.
," Castiel said, his voice low and rumbling and pupils dark and blown wide. He began shedding the rest of his clothes and letting them fall in around him and Dean could not help then but to pant and breathe in as much of his love's scent as he could.
Cas has trouble pretending much of anything at all, but he did as instructed again. He wasn't used to taking orders. It felt strange, but he was starting to get hard thinking of Dean like that.
"I suppose that adds some...clarity. I will do this for you," he said, voice deliciously gravelly in Dean's ear, before sliding a hand along one side of Dean's bared throat and placing a kiss on the other before sucking softly, then slowly ramping up the pressure.
“Ohh,” Cas said. He’d heard that just fine. “Inside…? Mm.” He nodded fiercely and his thrusts picked up a little more enthusiasm at that. He locked his arms under Dean and set a delicious rolling rhythm into place as he bucked into him again and again.
Dean looked as though he was having difficulty with the feelings and thoughts flitting about in his mind.
Cas paused for a moment, the corner of his mouth quirking upward in a slight grin. "I would not have believed that of the two of us, I would be the one advising you to live in the moment."
Cas looked at the fussing infant again. "That's not what happened. He was happy with me earlier, now he wants you. Please."
They had pulled the pack and play and Jack along with it into the Dean Cave, where they were listening to music while a documentary about lemurs played on the TV. They were utterly oppositional sounds. Dean wasn’t a fan of the documentary, but Cas wanted to watch it and he was feeling accommodating today. Dean liked documentaries well enough in general, but something about the huge, unblinking yellow eyes they all had was really giving him the heebie-jeebies.
"You really think we can do this? He can really be a baby - no strings attached? Can we really be his dads?" Dean whispered, and the question seemed to steal his breath.
Dean laughed. "Cas, I fight monsters and stop apocalypses for a living. I don't think saying 'I love you' counts as bein' brave."
Sam was violently interrupted by the intense impact of a tight hug that stole all the air from his lungs.
"The purpose of the label is to let you feel a sense of togetherness. To know there are others like you. I strongly doubt there are others like me. I am a genderless celestial being. I spent eons never experiencing sexual or romantic attraction at all, then as I spent more time on Earth, I tried it. I found it enjoyable,  but… not significantly so. So I am unsure of what label would best fit me.
Cas nodded. “The shared vulnerability made it easier to talk to him. The commonality of your differences made your brotherly bond stronger,” he nodded. “That makes sense.”
Dean shook his head. "Like he chose it? That doesn't add up, Ro. Why would he want that? Why would he wanna be human?"
Cas looked at Dean with a blank look. "The main character in this story has grown quite a lot, and just because a story has a happy ending doesn't mean that the pages in between didn't contain substance and development. Don't be ignorant."
Dean felt suddenly giddy and light as he realized that Cas was still here - and not only that, so were the wings. If he could see the wings, it was all real. He wasn't imagining it. He wasn't dreaming it.
the people I've lost… I could go on and on and on," He said with a doleful sigh, voice quivering as tears slowly flowed, but still shaking with anger.
"I feel the same. I enjoy performing miracles when you're not with me. I feel free to perform the functions of heaven without the… bureaucracy and falsehoods. And when I'm with you… well, as I've said. You are the greatest joy I've ever known."
He bit his tongue to keep from making any noise beyond the shuddering, violent exhale as he came and came and came. Cas felt it, groaning as the walls around his length spasmed. "Yes, yes, you're mine," Dean heard him saying. The hunter felt the hot sticky spill splashing on the wall he was pressed against. His mind went fuzzy with the hedonistic bliss of orgasm, rocking through him in searing waves, Cas hadn't stopped fucking him, now more vigorous than ever, but finally after the waves of climax stilled in Dean he released his overstimulating hold on the hunter's cock.
Cas thought he looked beautiful in the sun. So often they had been forced into dark, dingy places. The hunter's eyes twinkled in their mossy jade hue in the sun. Cas had never realized how shiny and light Dean's hair was. The white flash of his smile was even more charming in the fullness of day.
After another margarita, more rummy, and good conversation, they finally ended the night. He gave each of them sappy, big hugs and thanked them for their gifts and time and the party. Jack left with a bittersweet parting wave, and Sam and Eileen made their way toward Sam's room. Dean caught Eileen's eye on the way and he gave her a wink.
Dean hesitated, biting his lip and furrowing his brow. There was a long moment that seemed to pass by at an achingly sluggish speed. Dean was surprised he even had an answer, but he almost didn’t want to say it. Still, this was Castiel. If he could say it to anyone, it was Cas.
"Too much Star Wars," Dean spun on his heel and pointed vigorously at Jack. "You're never watching those movies again, you sadistic little shit! Put me back!" he demanded of the baby. Jack blew spit bubbles and cooed sweetly.
Dean recoiled slightly at the reminder. He still felt a lot of guilt over kicking Cas out. He hesitated for a moment, unsure if he wanted to open the sensitive issue up for further discussion.
The barrier slowly melted, and when it was finally gone, so was the anger. Dean sighed and pulled Cas into a sweet embrace, kissing his shoulder.
Dean went back and forth between excitedly babbling about that and grumbling as he contemplated the "ruin" of his beloved car.
"Um, yes, I see him. He looks the same as he did five minutes ago, Dean. What about him?" Sam asked, bemused.
Dean nodded and swallowed. "Come over and lay down already," he said, but the thickness and strain of his voice betrayed him.
"And you - you can get more beehives or make fancy food for old people or go be a terp with Sammy sometimes or something. Take up soap making, I don't know, whatever you want! Or - well, maybe we won't do any of that!" He said, giggling.
"You ever… care about someone so much you're willing to do something and you know it's just gonna… embarrass the fuck outta you? Just to see 'em smile?" Dean asked, blushing anew already with a sheepish grin, laughing at himself.
"Yes," Cas said again. "You are mine. Beautiful and all mine," he crooned, cupping Dean's face in his hands. He kissed him gently. He didn't want to have Dean in a possessive way, but a proud and joyful way, mutual and equal. He gave him the softest, sweetest kiss to show him, and Dean melted into it, following Castiel's lead perfectly.
He caught Dean in the garage, meticulously cleaning the car even though it was fine. Some things never changed. Dean didn't react to Sam beyond a slight nod as he walked over.
! That way the EVERYBODY can see the beautiful work they did and maybe just maybe they'll peep at the fic! If nothing else, it would let certainwonder know you loved their work on this.
There was something else in the bag, which he pulled out. "The Dummies Guide to Signing. Thanks, Eileen," he said with a slight eye roll.
Cas smiled. "No, there is plenty to do. But I received a prayer last night that needed to be answered. It brought me back here."
He kept it up for a while, but he was starting to worry that even with the handcuffs and Cas’ unhinged reactions that he wasn’t going to outlast the angel. Still, Dean was determined to make it good and he certainly felt that it was good. Cas had ruined him for anyone else. He kept grinding his filthy erotic rhythm relentlessly, a thrill running down his spine with each lewd sound Cas made.
Cas tilted his head with a pensive look. "I won't pretend it makes sense to me, but Dean, I'd like to address two things. First, there is no 'gross' part of you. You're lovely. All over. Second, it doesn't matter if I understand or not. If you don't want to do something, say so, please."
"I don't even remember her Cas, I swear. I maybe did flirt but, honestly, on my life, I would never do that to you, I would never do anything with anyone but you. I'm yours, completely. Cas, I-,"
"Seemed angry. You said I was 'willfully stupid'," the hunter laughed, but the smile didn't reach his eyes.
"It is simple, isnit? 'S easy to love you too, y'know. You're a really...um, loveable, amazing guy. 'Mazing angel. So damn beautiful. Not just your looks," he said, smacking another kiss onto the angel's face. "But you. Just you, my Cas, the whoooooole package."
"Okay, Cas." Dean felt his heart fluttering like a swarm of butterflies. He suddenly felt inadequate. He locked his palm and fussed with his hair as best he could without a mirror and straightened his shirt, then bent over and knocked the dirt off his knees. He cast a glance back at the listless vessel. Even though he knew Cas was fine, it still felt more than a little upsetting to see his face slack and unresponsive. He tried to focus on the fact that Cas was there and he would be seeing him - the
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Yep. Cas is my man," Dean said, pulling Cas close to him by slinging an arm over his shoulder, beaming. The sudden anxiety in his stomach at seeing a familiar face disappeared. Luke didn't care, so why should he? "Pretty lucky. Blessed even," Dean muttered.
"I wanna taste you everyday. You taste like honey and salt and fucking lightning," Dean murmured, clinging hard to the trenchcoat lapels.
Dean handed him a fork full turkey dripping with gravy from his plate. "Eat this, you did so good on it, babe." He froze, blushing at the term of endearment even though everyone knew they were together already.
When he found them outside, Cas gave him a curious look. "I didn't think you wanted to come out," he said, tilting his head as Miracle rustled around, sniffing in the dead leaves nearby.
Eventually Kevin agreed to stay the night after they all worked out a plan for the morning. He was still irritable, but Jack managed to break the awkwardness with his unrelenting  cuteness . Kevin even held him for about five minutes, until he started grunting and straining. He immediately handed Jack back to Dean and headed to bed for the night after that, however. He wasn’t about to get suckered into changing a diaper.
This does not get *too* heavy, but Dean remembers not being enough for John and talks about how unfair his expectations were and how this made him feel. This is in the tags, but it hasn't come up yet so I wanted to issue a reminder. <3 Love to you all
“You don’t like it, Dean. Why would you want me to pause it?” Cas challenged him. He knew Dean liked it.
Dean spat out a bitter laugh. "Yeah he does, he does. He didn't wanna be around me. He wants you. Loves you. He hates me.”
"Nope!" Dean sputtered. "Too much for one day. I gotta process all that. We can talk about that later, Cas!" He babbled quickly. "Eggs? You wanna make the eggs?" His voice was breaking.
A problem arose only a few weeks after this loveless proposal. Dean had met a man that thrilled him to be near. He smelled so enchanting, and spoke so soft and low that the gentle rumble of his voice livened the blood in Dean's veins. An omega with the most incredible eyes he'd ever gazed upon. He had a certain arrogance, which Dean found unusual, but it was all a part of a game with Castiel Novak.
Before the brothers could come to blows, however, Kevin walked back into the Bunker with his hands up in the air, rolling his eyes, and Abigail followed him, sneering at his back.
Dean nodded, grabbing Cas’s hand. “Then lemme remind you that you’re alive. And safe, and that we did it. Cas we fucking did it! He’s safe. We’re safe.”
Dean seemed to think for a brief moment, but then nodded. "Well, uh… Yeah. I guess it's sorta like that."
“Oh yeah, that’s Heavenly stuff right there,” Dean burst out laughing. “Cas, you know I gotta keep hunting. It’s all I’ve ever done.”
Dean whipped out his phone and said, "You can take it off as soon as I get some pictures of you guys. You all look dumb as hell," he snickered.
with you! Lots of it! Have for years! Is that good enough, dammit!?" He said, disgruntled, flustered, and his face bright red.
As he stroked the wings with deft, strong hands, right down the alula on either side, soft and slow, but just firm enough, Cas made small appreciative noises. Not desperate in the same way they'd become accustomed to, but in a new way. Craving the physical sensation, yes, but more so the closeness and fragile intimacy that was sweet and real between them at this moment.
Then he froze again as Cas' luminous blue eyes searched him, his brow furrowed quizzically. Cas waited a moment and turned back around. "Yes, Dean? What do you need?"
Cas finally looked up. "They're from a hen. A female chicken. Are you well? Did you get enough sleep?" he asked, looking concerned.
Cas’s tongue was  active too. He was more than happy to overwhelm the hunter, and his efforts paid off because soon Dean wasn’t forming words at all, just sounds of appreciation and lust and desire.
to Cas. It was not supposed to be there. Bandages meant something bad happened. Bandages meant that Dean was hurt.
"Would you want that, Dean? Would you like it if I was inside you?" Cas asked. Dean could hear a slight insecurity,  barely audible, subtlety hanging in the angel's voice.
Dean pulled away to look at him. He turned the water off. “Cas,” he said very seriously with a heavy sigh. The former angel felt a cold weight in his stomach.
Cas was trying to focus on Jack because Dean was standing so close to him he could count his eyelashes. As if  his own longing was not  bad enough in a  moment he got swept away by counting the smattering of faded freckles dusted over the hunter’s cheeks, a wave of longing from Dean surged so rapidly he thought it might knock him off of his feet. Jack had to unwittingly serve as Castiel's anchor to reality.
And Cas, he was Dean's rock. He was the solid ground beneath his feet. Cas was the only person, even more than Sam sometimes, that had been able to pull him back from the brink. Cas always pulled him back, made him remember himself. Cas made him look at himself and see what was beneath the veneer and helped him realize that what he feared inside himself was not bad at all. Cas helped him learn to love himself.
not yet,” Dean instructed urgently, wrapping his hand tight around Castiel’s and thrusting up into it. The other hand had abandoned its post, but Dean didn’t care. He let out a pleased groan as he kept coming.
Dean chuckled breathlessly. "Oh? I… never, uh, never even noticed those ones… I'm real glad you did though," he said, clearing his throat. “Maybe having freckles ain’t so bad then.”
And he wanted to take care of him. That wasn't bad. It wasn't because he was weak or a bad lay. It was just because he was loved.
Dean looked at Cas and gave him a wicked, delectable smile. He leaned close and said in that velvet dark voice, "'Cause I wanna hear it when you say 'yes' to me. I wanna hear that from you. 'Yes' is the sexiest word. But you should know that it's always okay to say 'no' too. A 'yes' don't mean anything if it isn't what you really want."
Cas nibbled at his lip in indecision. "Alright," he whispered. He was strangely nervous, but he resolved to just do what seemed right.
"I think it's a shame you don't like my grace more. I could do so many things to you, with you…" Cas trailed off, gazing at his hand dramatically.
"Well uh… well I'm… a bit of a switch-hitter myself," Dean spluttered with an awkward laugh, pretending to wind up and swing a bat.
Cas was shocked at how instantly his body reacted without grace. He could feel anticipatory tingles racing through him and a hot, sweet aching feeling begin low in his abdomen. Dean's bedroom voice was driving him wild.
Cas positioned himself in the shade alongside Dean on the blanket. He gave Dean a soft, chaste kiss. As the hunter tried to press more deeply into it though, he leaned away.
He shoved them in a little box under his bed no one knew about, carefully folding the paper containing the incantation inside the case he got for them, because he planned to use them again and again if at all possible. He had a feeling it was going to be special. He wasn't sure why he craved this so bad, but ever since he found out about the oil glands and the way it sometimes made angels expose their true forms, he had not been able to shake it from his mind.
Cas released the suppressed grace to keep his own tears from spilling. He had  always known that Dean had a strange and complicated relationship with sex, but the knowledge of his past made it all the more heartbreaking.
Cas was frozen by surprise. He didn't kiss back right away, but after a few moments, he cupped Dean's face as carefully as a delicate flower, afraid to break the magic of this fragile moment. His eyes fell closed. He softened his lips and breathed haltingly out. Dean pulled slightly away, just a breath apart.
Dean looked up at him, feeling strangely bashful for some reason he couldn’t quite bring to the front of his mind.  "We can if you want to. Later today, maybe," he muttered.
"Place looks, uh… real good. You've made some big changes," Dean said, looking around the throne room. "It looks a lot less, uh… hellish." The room was draped in red, white, and gold. A huge self-portrait hung above her blood-red velvet throne.
Dean let out a breath, patting Cas's hand and then turning around  with a slight glance back at Sam and Eileen, looking a little embarrassed but not enough to stop him from pulling Cas into a hug. "Okay. I didn't mean to freak out, darlin'," he muttered into the crook of the angel's neck, eyes closed. Cas whispered reassurances to his righteous man until he felt the waves of worry still.
Finally, he finished the last feather. Dean had stood again to get a better angle, and now he looked down at Cas on the bench. The immediacy of the tension between them increased as his hands moved away from the shimmering wings. It had Dean's cock throbbing in his jeans. He just couldn’t decide if he wanted to tackle Cas or if he wanted to let the angel break the tension himself.
“Maybe you should go easy on him - and maybe try to find out some angel uh, courtship stuff that would be special for him, like as a gesture, meet him where he is, you know? I mean, like he said, he has no idea what’s normal or not, so it makes sense that the guy would want to try to find out what to expect. It’s gotta be scary to not know what that’s like, it’s like a whole different language for him,” Sam offered awkwardly with a shrug.
Then his face darkened looked a little more somber. "Cas, even though we were fighting… I hoped when you came home we could come out here and hash it out. I was being stubborn, I know I should have called you back right away. But for what it's worth, I was thinking about making it up to you the whole time you were gone. I learned about angel stuff, I made this box for your stuff. I thought about you non-stop. I even listened to sad sappy music like a heartbroken teenager," he said with a sheepish grin. "Sam was so sick of my mopey ass."
"I'm glad you like it. But that's not the surprise either," Dean said, blushing at the praise, putting a hand on the back of his neck, and swaying a bit. He opened the box and pulled out what must have been a 40-year-old tape player. "I put the Zepp tape I made you in it. I'll have to make you some other ones. I thought you could play music while you watch the bees."
“Really? Is that right?” Dean snarked, scoffing. “Yeah, I guess I’m a little pissed! Let’s see - we haven’t left this place in over a month and there’s people dying out there. But we need the warding because you two haven’t figured out how to help Skywalker wield the fucking Force already. I’ve cleaned the car, I’ve cleaned the guns, I’ve cleaned the bunker. There ain’t a thing left to do in here and there’s so much going on out there. And I’m sitting here with my thumb up my ass while it happens! So yeah! I’m going nuts.”
Cas shrugged. "I don't know," he admitted, "but I am not concerned about giving you sand breasts. I believe the purpose of this is gender-based and anthropomorphic humor, not arousal."
"You're gonna wear a hole in the floor, Cas. I promise you, he's gonna be fine. But if you're worried, why don't ya check his temp? Medicine's worn off. We can see if he needs another dose," Dean suggested with a warm half-smile at the angel. It was funny and endearing to see an angel, this eons old dude, fretting over a baby’s light fever.
Sam and Eileen had backed up slightly as Cas approached, letting him take the lead, which proved to be a good thing, Sam thought, since Cas had calmed him down already. Sam wasn't really used to Dean letting out his emotions to anyone, even little things. Normally he could tell Dean was on edge, but he was just snappy and wound tight without giving any reason. This had been a pretty new thing, just in the past few months, and certainly it had increased exponentially over the past few weeks in particular. Mostly, he expressed good things - gratitude, happiness, pride, affection - this was the first time he had come to Sam instantly telling him what was wrong and seeking help. It was a small problem, but there was such genuine concern over it in his eyes. Sam wondered if this was how Dean had always felt about things and he just never felt safe enough to say so before. The new expressiveness in his brother felt unusual to Sam, almost vaguely concerning - but he knew it was a good thing. Still, Sam was glad Cas seemed to know just what Dean needed to hear.
Cas made his way over fastest - Dean and Sam suspected he cheated with his wings - and wrapped Jack into a tight hug, smiling warmly, looking into his face joyfully as if to see if he was truly well, truly happy
He stood there for a moment- angry, embarrassed - but it didn't hurt. He realized that just like Dean, it was just an accident. But for him, it didn't hurt at all. It was the same as if the liquid was room temperature. He was an angel, but Dean was human. He stood there, frozen in his vessel, thinking that if this had happened to Dean, he would be burned all over his body, where the sauce was bubbling on his arms and all down his shirt and pants, dripping down to coat the tops of his feet. Would Dean even let him heal him?
Amongst the soft blue cotton of Jack’s t-shirt, there lay a baby. His precious face was screwed up and he was grunting, starting to fuss. He raised his fist in a jerky movement only to swing it back down. The three men froze, each standing with their jaws agape.
"He's fine. It's okay. Big misunderstanding I guess. But this is making me think we oughta shift gears for now on the research. We can't waste time turning him back right now. We gotta power him down. Until he's normal again, we can't have all that power just waiting to blow up."
"Dean, her birthday isn't about me, it's about her. And we've been dating like, for a little while. You can't get women lingerie after a couple months. Plus it's not even a thoughtful gift."
Once seated Dean began making cheerful comments on the menu items. Cas felt a little overwhelmed by all the choices. The hunter helped him settle on a steak with a side salad, baked potato, and green beans.
Dean just laughed bitterly, but did not acknowledge the implied question of who he committed his heart to without ever meaning to do so.
When he pulled away, he looked at the angel hungrily. Within a heartbeat Cas was furiously on his mouth again, kissing him with a heated fervor, biting Dean's lower lip hard, shoving his tongue into the hunter's mouth possessively.
The (probable) ACTUAL FINAL chapter is much heavier on just Dean and Cas. But I hated Eileen's erasure and wanted to give her the wedding she deserved. Sam too!
Miracle wagged his tail and went back over to Eileen, who enthusiastically doted on him as she and Sam went back and forth about how surprised Sam was and excited he was to have a dog.
consummated the arrangement, both on this plane and on the spiritual plane, which gave us an eternal spiritual bond," he continued,  and Sam made a disgruntled sound at that, shaking his head with a traumatized expression. Cas kept talking, unperturbed.
He almost lost it when Cas, maintaining rhythm, let one hand grip Dean's cock. Staying quiet now was taking a lot of focus. When Cas started to jerk him in time with the wild thrusts, the sensations were so overwhelming. He knew what Cas was doing. By making him focus on staying quiet, he wouldn't be able to hold back another orgasm. And he was close. So close. He wanted to scream Castiel's name. It wasn't fair. If he screamed, Cas would stop.
Dean collapsed into tears of relief. He whispered "thank you, thank you" under his breath between soft, choked sobs.
Abigail tilted her head and closed her eyes with a frown. "Where did the baby come from? Where did Jack the nephil go?"
Sam and Dean staggered back into the bunker. It had been their first hunt in some time - not because they needed to go but because Dean begged to do it because he was antsy and bored. They had taken out a vamp nest. There was just something so unsettling about them, and the way movies fetishized them made him nauseous. People wouldn't like to see how vamps really were - a ruthless mass of teeth. They were just vicious, crazy bastards. Nothing romantic about that.
rest and joy - that happy middle we speak of so often. I do not dispute that. I don't pretend to be as loving as you are. But everything I've cared about in my life, any connection I've had to anything at all, has been because of you, Dean. So I have given, and I have sacrificed too. You did it as acts of love and selflessness, and I did it for you and for those I learned to love because you taught me how."
Cas had given him after he'd found the oil glands... Cas had been so patient. However bad Dean wanted him right now - and oh, how he did - he was pretty sure that without Castiel's unbreakable angelic composure, he'd be practically feral with lust.
“I think you should try apologizing to Jack,” Cas said matter of factly. It felt strange to be looking down at the hunter and to be seeing Jack’s favorite movie character.
“Uh, yeah. Okay.” Dean wandered around, toward the beach. There was a pretty clear line that was visible in the sand where high tide would hit. Since he wasn’t sure when the tides came and went or how often, he found a nice flat spot near a dune, just ahead of the line of seashells and plants that marked the tide line.
“Castiel, I am the alpha, it is I who should keep you in comfort and finery and all that you deserve!”
It warmed the groundskeeper’s heart. “Thank you,” was all he could think to say to the alpha before him.
"Dean, I shall bind and gag you if you do not stop speaking. Let me make you feel good. I want to make you
"I apologize in advance - I believe I will be 'in your head's as you say for a few days. And you in mine. I've never… well I didn't think about it."
Dean pursed his lips and nodded. "Yeah. Not like I wanna rush the argument we're gonna have, but when Sammy says he's gonna be here he usually shows… he ain't that slow."
Dean has an idea to take Cas out on a date, but starts to worry when he realizes he doesn't know where to take him.
As Cas continued to come down through the angry dark clouds, his torso was covered in eyes as well. The celestial fire Cas had spoken of burned in a cavity where a human heart would be, a hollow in what would be his chest. There were strange, tree-like parts of him as if all that white-blue light was woven together of vines and smooth wood, leaving peculiar hollows and crevices within his torso that let the light of the blue celestial fire peek through in lovely streams of light.
"If you do not care for finery and things, I shall not either. Now, I am feeling much more like myself and stronger already. Won't you come closer?" Dean asked, beckoning the omega closer. Castiel regarded Dean for a moment, then obeyed.
The hunter's face was set in a hard look. He was angry. Yet...he was blushing wildly and there was something soft and searching in his eyes. Cas regarded him curiously, confused by his mixture of reactions. Humans could be so difficult to understand.
This chapter previously had a reference to Busty Asian Beauties, which I have since changed. It was meant to be a joke, but I have realized that was an unacceptable display of casual racism. I am so very sorry I included that and will endeavor to be better going forward. I am very embarrassed about this and very sorry. I should have known better than to include something like that, but I allowed my privilege to allow me to overlook the implications. <3
Cas paused. He took a deep breath in and slowly let it out, determined to stay his course. "I'm going to destroy it, Dean," Cas said with determination.
Dean made a disgruntled sound as he stopped. "Okay, fine. But then you're paying for all that wasted booze."
"...Papa?" he whispered. He felt compelled to say the word aloud, to hear it in a physical space and let it fall upon his ears, to feel it. It felt precious.
The elder Winchester looked down and winced. “Oh, yeah...I kinda forgot about that in the heat of the moment.”
“Don’t feel bad, buddy,” Dean said, shifting to his side so he could more easily meet Cas’s eye and clasped Cas’s hand where it lay above his head.. They each had one hand on Jack. “Eileen gave me a little pep talk. Y’know Sammy was worried we’d freak out about him and Ro and Eileen? Once I realized we’re all kinda… I dunno, atypical, queer, whatever - it made it easier to talk about. I mean, not everybody’s heart is big enough to love more than one gender and not everybody’s heart is big enough to love more than one person at once. I guess Sammy and I got that in common, you know?”
Dean felt his cheeks heat up and he broke the eye contact. He wanted to protest the word "beautiful", but deciding it couldn't be too emasculating because that's how he described Cas's wings.
"Why is it when you talk about this all I hear is Dad? Why does it sound like him saying we can't be real men, real heroes, if we don't come home bloody and broken at the end of the day. From you, of all people! Well fuck that!" He bellowed into the phone. "Do you even know what he-,"
