“Why wouldn’t I be able to swing?” He raises his eyebrows at Cas, who only rolls his eyes and burrows deeper into his scarf.
Dean [1:17 PM]: Not before I talked to Cas. He needs to hear this first.
Because if he's holding the letter right here, if the
“Mostly the second. It's crunch time I guess. He hasn’t been really forthcoming on updates on his work lately.”
He looks good, no surprise there. Except for where the bright lights of the store highlight that he’s not looking as soft around the edges anymore as he does in his head still. It’s not a big difference but noticeable enough now that he’s in better lighting and more form-fitting clothes than his usual jeans and shirt combos. When he thinks about the change in size, he can already imagine how his own suit at home won’t fit as comfortably, will sit a little too tight across his shoulders and upper arms, and maybe he should at least invest in a new dress shirt if he wants to have fun without having to worry about not being able to lift his arms properly.
Dean [8:10 AM]: Pretty please?
A muscle in his father’s jaw jumps with how hard he’s clenching it but Dean holds his gaze, stares back with all the pent-up anger of the past months suddenly right there, bubbling directly under the surface. He could punch him. His father literally complimented him on keeping that option open a minute ago. God, it would be so satisfying to give in to it. But it also would put him on the same level as him and there’s a voice in his head saying
But his alternatives are walking or calling a fucking cab and he really doesn’t have the time or patience for either. He takes the keys. “Thank you.”
He tries to focus and the first episode is fine while he can keep his brain from wandering off by eating. But the second all he’s got left in his hands is the beer bottle, he feels jittery again, like what he’s doing is not enough. It makes him want to go back outside and drive. Somewhere, nowhere. Just away from his thoughts. No destination. It also makes him want to straighten out his space, clean up any mess there is. As it is though the only thing to do is wash the dishes. He supposes that’s the curse of living by himself, of being the only one around to create chaos. Not that he’s even a messy person, to begin with.
He's aware of his ears rushing and his knees buckling but he has no idea how he ends up sitting on the floor, back against a wall and hands wrinkling paper he made so sure to keep clean and smooth while writing on — he still fucked up, had to scratch out a word here or there, left a smudge on the bottom. And while Dean stares at the paper and his own words stare right back, he realizes he fucked up.
“I'm pretty sure you two have undergone some sort of Pavlovian conditioning to fight whenever you talk on the phone. We don't want you two snapping at each other over this. You want this to be a nice memory after all.”
Bobby interrupts him before he gets the chance to finish. “How about I call him? You want him over there with you?”
"You kept it."
So he decides not to.
“Sure you can.” She’s rolling her eyes again but she seems at least a little relieved. Which is good because he really doesn’t want to deal with this. “Just don’t say we didn’t warn you when you end up moping at a table by yourself all night.”
He runs his hand over his hair, hesitates. God, this is ridiculous. He's acting ridiculous. It's just fabric. It won't burn him and if he doesn't think too much it won't hurt him either. So he grabs it, presses it against his chest and slams the trunk shut.
Cas [6:12 AM]: You better fucking call me the second you're awake, Dean.
taunts him and Cas just continues staring at him like he’s lost his mind — which, maybe, he has a little. He certainly feels like he’s about to lose something. When Cas doesn’t react, Dean flaps the letter in his direction again and adds, “Please?”
Dean feels his heart get a little lighter when Sam hugs him back, except then he opens his eyes again and catches sight of who’s standing behind Sam and he feels it squeeze painfully. His breath catches in his throat. He untangles himself from Sam without even taking his eyes off of him. “Cas?”
Dean [10:07 PM]: Fine.
That seems to do the trick because Cas at least seems to be breathing again. He flattens his lips, eyebrows knitting together, and still doesn’t look at Dean.
Dean [8:57 AM]: I've been wide awake since six and I hate it. And today it’s solely your fault.
On top of that Miracle loves me.
“Was the pickup truck still sitting on the street?”
"It's okay. I'm feeling better now." His voice hitches a little, starting to sound suspiciously shaky, despite his words.
. It really hits him then that Cas meant what he said last night, that Dean’s not just giving in to wishful thinking but that he actually still cares. And god if he still cares as much now, how must he have felt last year when Dean told him he’d be going back to Lawrence to live with his father? When all Cas could do was call and get by on Dean’s words and Dean couldn’t even give him that at all times? It hurts to just think about and while he thought that he was all cried out, oh he was so wrong because the tears well up just as harshly as before.
Dean [8:00 AM]: Have you done something that would warrant it?
“No,” Dean says, flicking his eyes to his phone again. “Maybe? I have no idea. We’re just talking.”
Dean [8:35 PM]: Actually scratch that. Oliver literally told me he saw you last week.
Dean [9:01 PM]: You wanna spell out what you’re implying?
"Cas."
They are about ten minutes from his father's house when Dean can't do it anymore and he finally pulls over to the side of the road, even turns off the Impala. He’s too worried he’ll just pull back onto the road otherwise.
Bobby doesn't respond and Dean's pretty sure he's off the hook. For now at least. He's got to be a little more careful. But it's not really his fault, is it now? Cas loves him. He's already smiling again.
Texting isn’t really what he wants though. It’d be a poor substitute for another actual conversation, another chance to look his fill. He just wants-
Cas [6:33 PM]: I have most of your closet. You can have the sweater.
It’s definitely not about Cas.
“Uncle Dean!”
Cas [11:39 AM]: I appreciate you worrying about me. But I don't appreciate you badgering my friends into forcing me outside.
Charlie [11:58 PM]: Just a little!
Except.
“Sounds like fun.” And like Cas. Dean has a moment of utter bewilderment, trying to decide if the kid just has a vivid imagination — he does or else he wouldn’t talk to bugs like they respond — or he honest to god saw him over the weekend. But surely he can differentiate between reality and fantasy. He's old enough for that. But that would then raise the question of
Dean doesn’t even remember being this nervous back when he sent the letter — or maybe he was and this is just worse because he’s made such a mess of this just because he couldn’t open his damn mouth — and each step he can hear from inside makes his heart speed up just a tad more, makes his hands tingle and cold sweat settle on his skin. He kind of wants to run. If only because he doesn’t want to fuck this up worse and maybe he should think about this some more. Talk this over with someone. Maybe he was wrong to tell Sam that Cas should be the first one to hear this. Maybe he should have taken the time to make an actual game plan. And what if he’s misreading this and Cas doesn’t even want to see him? An address and an invitation to call aren’t the same and-
Dean [5:38 PM]: You know how it is.
Cas [11:52 AM]: But you know. If you hadn't planned that outing you could’ve gotten that live.
His voice is a little hoarse and to Dean's ears it sounds just as sweet as the Impala's engine. “Sounds like a fun Christmas to me.”
Cas [8:27 PM]: Still, I would have understood if you did anyway.
She raises her eyebrow, pointedly says, “You’re still on the clock, Dean.”
“Oh.” Sam looks away, pursing his lips. “Well, I couldn’t not. He looked sad when I ran into him. I thought it’d cheer him up.”
"Of course. When are you picking him up at the airport again?"
“Come on, Sammy. I promise it’s not a big deal.” He nudges Sam with a foot underneath the table and gets a light kick in return. “Hell, Bobby even offered to let me work a few of dad’s old shifts to make up for some of the money I'm losing. And you know it'll force me out of the house a bit. So, win-win.”
rings loud in his head. Dean wets his lips, clears his throat. “Did Sam tell you why I moved out?”
Working out has never really been an activity he deemed fun, mostly because it just seemed so tedious to spend that energy on nothing when he could use it to be more productive — or have sex. Though maybe sex does count as a workout if you draw it out long enough. Either way though, college had been college, no matter how much he’d been rolling around in the hay. Spending more time bent over books and desks than over more preferred surfaces had done its number on him.
He hears Oliver’s delighted squeal and how he claps his hands and after a few more back and forth swings that gain in height with each push from Cas's hands, Dean has to admit that he’s actually having fun. Enough to start moving his legs in time. And it’s not like flying, not at all because he’s much closer to the ground and can stop at any point in time, but it still feels a little freeing and he’s pretty sure he gets why kids always seem to fight over who’s turn it is on the swing.
With a sigh, Dean drops his phone onto the coffee table and pushes himself up. For a moment he considers taking their now empty plates to the kitchen, starting on cleaning up, but he ignores the itch, instead goes to his bedroom. He pushes the door mostly closed behind himself and tugs the top drawer of his dresser open.
He takes his time changing back into his own clothes — the girls seemed satisfied enough and he’s hoping he’s off the hook now — and gives himself a moment to actually look. He really does look good. Better than he has in a while if he does say so himself. His arms are more defined and his stomach sits a little flatter than it used to, even if he forces it out as far as it can go. Apparently doing actual physical work and not just office stuff is doing him some good after years of, well not much at all in that department. It’s not a real workout or god forbid the running Sam praises so highly but at least it’s something — and he’s earning money at the same time which is just another bonus.
Warnings: John Winchester being John Winchester, reference to past abuse
"Sure. Ten minutes enough?"
When he's pulled awake again, there's loud cheering outside and yelling and the distinctive sound of fireworks somewhere in the distance. He blinks against the dim light in the room, the hand in his hair pausing.
and back to the start.
________
"Hello," Jack says, raising a hand in greeting and Dean forces his eyes over at him, automatically smiles at the blinding grin on Jack's face.
Dean wipes some of the tears away while he moves his hand to Oliver's chin, gently brushes his fingers along it. Nothing feels wrong and the only wetness on his fingers are the kid’s tears. He assumes it’s just the shock that brought them on. But just to be safe he asks, “Can you say ahh and stick out your tongue?”
“Whatcha got there, kid?”
When he’s back at the stairs, he waits, listens to more steps from the kitchen to the living room and the TV being turned on, before he darts back down, grabs both his jacket and shoes in passing, and then the door falls shut behind him and he’s out.
"Can't believe he's making me ditch Baby. Like who does he even think he is?"
He raises his eyebrows at her vehement disagreement and she rolls her eyes as if he should already know why he’s wrong.
Charlie [6:30 PM]: Only if you promise to join me in Moondoor the next time.
And then it hits him. This was Bobby. This was half a day spent at work, with them busy and at different ends of the garage. Not close, not talking much. Yet he still noticed that something was up.
He stays strong, quiet but vibrating out of his skin at just this simple touch, walking just a tad too close the whole time, until they're finally in the Impala and Cas has barely closed the door behind himself before Dean is on him, crowding into his space, lips pressed together off-center and too harshly but then Cas's hands are on his face, tilting it just so and yeah that’s perfect.
“Be quiet or I'll tell you how my flight was. Including turbulence.” Despite his words sending an unpleasant shiver down Dean’s back, there's no real threat to them. After so long without hearing his voice in person, always the slightly tinny sound of speakers there, Dean would gladly listen to anything if it came from his mouth.
Sam [5:35 PM]: At least tell me what you’re doing that’s more important.
“Of course.”
"I should let you sleep."
“Are you sure?”
The coffee smells like heaven. Almost tastes like it too.
Dean jerks back, feels his head knock into something and then he has a second of staring into Oliver’s startled face before the pain seems to set in for both of them, tears gathering in the kid’s wide brown eyes, his lip quivering.
Cas picks up on the second ring and his voice trips over itself with the apparent need to have his words hanging between them. “I don't need your charity!”
Charlie [11:54 PM]: You’ll find out soon enough. Promise!
girlfriends apparently. Again, he’s happy for them but couldn’t they have picked a different day to come out of the relationship closet and make it a public thing? One where he preferably isn’t in need of people who will be miserable with him. He really doesn’t want to be the one ruining their mood but surely they must have picked up on something by now.
is any indication — and it has to be — Cas never even laid a finger on this. It means he didn't read it. It means
“Oh. Well, then I suppose I don’t have to apologize for interrupting.”
Dean just looks after him, can't quite believe this. His head throbs uncomfortably and when he reaches his hand to the back of his head it comes back a little bloody but not enough to be worrisome. Just a scratch that will accompany the headache he can already feel starting.
Cas [8:35 PM]: I did visit them already, yes.
Dean [11:00 AM]: Okay.
Dean [4:42 AM]: Fuck, I hate this.
“Right. Because that way you can worry about dad somewhere else and drive yourself even more crazy. Sounds great.”
The words are a double-edged sword and Dean throws himself into them, feels them bleed all over his skin. He pushes back, grabs and pulls at Cas until his shirt is gone, until his clammy skin is pressing against his roaming, searching fingers, until he's writhing underneath them - ticklish, human, not as in control - and he doesn't know who's comforting who here.
Cas takes a beat too long to reply and keeps his voice low when he does, “It’s obvious we want different things here.”
“Yeah. Stupid, not taking orders from anybody, not thinking beyond himself. Sure does sound like him,” Dean growls and leans further back into the chair, looks over at Cas, who’s silently watching both of them. It’s stupid but seeing him here like this, having the difference a year made right here, makes some of the anger over what he lost rise back up in Dean’s chest. He blinks, lowers his gaze to where he’s clutching the candy bar too tightly. His voice is steadier than he feels when he says, “I’m not going to look after him this time.”
Honestly, he hasn't been this excited for Christmas in years.
"You in love, kid?"
It's worded like a suggestion but it's clearly not and Dean moves before he can even consider not to, as if he isn't an adult by all measures that count and could leave and never come back, but as if he's a kid and this is his only choice. His father doesn't step out of the way, just slightly back. Far enough that Dean can squeeze past him without touching but still be in his father's personal space. Still be in reach.
Cas [5:25 AM]: And “trying” implies that you weren’t asleep anyway, so...
“My house, Dean,” his father repeats when it takes him too long to respond.
It takes a second too long for it to click but when it does Dean can’t help but laugh. “For fucks sake, Cas, I'm paying rent. Like you do when you rent an apartment.”
“Oh.” His breath comes back to him and he unearths himself from the blanket, the air suddenly too stuffy and hot underneath.
"I should've told you," Dean mumbles, presses his face into Cas' hair and lets his eyes slip closed.
“Of course,” Cas says like it’s just that simple.
Cas [2:05 AM]: I don't think it's going to work.
Charlie [11:57 PM]: Because!
Dean [8:40 PM]: Not from you necessarily. Just, you know, from my friends. Or brother. Take your pick.
Instead of answering or letting go of Dean, Cas uses his own shoulder as leverage to wriggle down his scarf far enough that his mouth is free. It’s cute enough that Dean won’t complain about still getting a face full of scarf when Cas leans in and brushes his lips to his cheek.
Dean manages to keep it together until they’re stepping into his apartment, until Cas closes the door behind them and shuts out the rest of the world.
“Promise?” Cas looks at him then, face as blank as it can be when there are still tears running down his cheeks. His eyes shine with desperation but there are no expectations, nothing that makes it seem like Dean has to answer him.
Dean should've seen it coming though. And maybe he did in some way. But he didn't do a damn thing about it and now he's the one paying for it. Now he's the one who won't find any comfort in his own home — no, definitely not his apparently — and has to be on edge the whole time he's with Cas, lest he be the one to cause the real possibility of his father going beyond words. He knows he can, he knows he will.
Dean [10:59 AM]: Even if it’s an All Saints’ Day marathon?
Cas [11:55 AM]: Please.
Dean smiles, he can’t help it, and with the hand not holding his phone he tugs her against his chest, hugs her, and presses a kiss to the side of her head just because. She’s warm and he could probably stay in this hug for a while. Maybe he is more than just tipsy anymore. Maybe he should have taken his jacket outside. It’s getting too cold to be outside without one. “You’re sweet. But everything’s fine.”
“I know you needed a place to get back onto your feet but I’m sure it’d do you some good to not have your life revolve around someone else’s schedule for once. Be a kid, be selfish and live by your own damn rules.” Bobby reaches for the newspaper and pulls it towards himself. He flips through it a little until he lands on the section for the advertisements. He pushes it back towards Dean. “Just think about it. There’s no rush.”
It surely played a role in him gaining the famous freshman 15 — though admittedly he was far from a freshman at that point. But he didn’t really care and neither did Cas and then he’d gotten comfortable in his routine and life. He was happy. Something like a few pounds too many didn't change that. Not that they really were too many. He’d just been, well, softer.
“I didn’t mean to wake you,” Cas says but despite his words steps further into the room. He’s holding something. “You left your phone on the coffee table. I wasn’t sure if you needed it.”
“Uncle Cas said you can’t swing. Is that true?” Oliver is staring up at him with wide eyes and he looks so damn upset by the mere thought of it, that Dean has to bite back a laugh.
“Of course he means him! Who else has Dean wrapped around their everything like Cas?”
Sam [9:33 PM]: Dean?
The fact that she looks almost hesitant is enough to clue him in that he won’t like what she has to say.
“I see.”
Dean [3:25 PM]: And so talented as well.
Cas [12:44 AM]: Meet me at the playground?
woven into the gesture and Dean thinks,
And okay maybe he deserves the obvious sarcasm and anger that drips from the words but it doesn’t make it sting any less. “Yeah, I did. And I’d appreciate it if you’d give me a minute to explain myself.”
There's the loud rustling of sheets followed by a content groan from Cas. "I miss my own bed."
Dean [10:09 PM]: Promise.
Dean laughs because he can’t not. “Well, you’re not wrong there, sunshine.”
Dean [10:07 PM]: I didn’t mean it like that.
"I said scram, boy. I hired you and I can kick you out just as quickly if you don't listen."
"Yeah. Just uh backing cookies. For the potluck." His voice is still tripping over itself in his haste to bring out the words. To say something to make this better.
“Aw, you really miss him.”
It makes it sink in that much more, that Cas is here to stay.
He’s normally better than this, at keeping his to-dos straight and getting them done in a timely fashion, not needing to be reminded, not needing to be forced to think about them again and again. But this whole wedding business has become like pulling teeth. Too big of a reminder of his own fuck ups, too painful to consider. He’s not enough of an asshole to bail and not go, he doesn’t begrudge Garth and Bess for having what Dean so desperately wanted. They deserve it and he’s happy for them. Both bachelor party and wedding won’t take more than one and a half days if even that and afterwards he can go back to forgetting that things like weddings and marriage exist. At least for however long it will take for another one of his friends or his brother and Eileen to get their shit together. They’re at that age now after all.
Sam [10:17 PM]: What about Cas?
To have none of that register for his father hurts and for a moment he wonders if his father ever even wondered about how his children had felt when they got that stupid fucking call from the hospital last year.
Dean [8:05 AM]: You can’t buy food without knowing what you have at home.
Cas [11:16 PM]: You’re scared that he’ll go back to him.
Because he never knew and Cas thought he didn't-
It clearly surprises both of them. But after a few seconds, his father says, “I’m good.”
He’s not sure how but he makes it back to the Impala — that he even remembers where he parked her is a miracle — slides behind the wheel, and just breathes in the familiar smell of her. He slumps down in the seat, head resting against the steering wheel and tries to force his body to calm down. But his heart keeps hammering in his chest and his breath hitches every so often. He’s not crying. He’s just back where he was when he arrived here earlier today — and god that feels like it was days ago and not mere hours — on the verge of being overcome by panic and fuck he can’t drive like this. He’s not sure he wants to leave but he’s certain he doesn’t want to stay here.
“Quit whining, Winchester,” he mumbles to himself and straightens back up, steels himself with a few more deep breaths. He only glances at his phone — the apology already crawling back up his throat — before he decides it's not worth it right now and leaves it where it is on the floor of the Impala.
What they are testing for, Dean has no idea. He’s hoping, sure. But what could they even be anymore without one of them slipping up — him, without him slipping up. Because it would be him, he is very aware of the fact. He’s got the feelings here. Cas doesn’t. Probably. Well, Dean’s at least sure Cas isn’t in love with him anymore — again turned down proposal and break-up. But there must be some inkling of friendship left otherwise he wouldn’t care enough to keep talking to him.
The present exchange following dinner is short and methodical this year. Really, it's just the exchange and joking and trying to figure out what the hell is in this weirdly shaped package without actually unwrapping it. Because that's for Christmas morning because this is Dean's potluck, so his rules of no presents before Christmas apply. He really doesn't care if everybody hates him for it, tradition is tradition. He never opens anyone's presents before the 25th, always makes sure to take them home wrapped. It's just how it's supposed to be. And yes maybe it makes it less fun because they can't all laugh at each other's gifts and make fun of them. But there's also no need for embarrassment about emotional reactions or well thought out gifts.
"Here."
Dean does not.
He can hear his father walk away, leaving him right there in the hallway like he didn’t just ignore Dean’s wishes, like he didn’t just do what no father should. And Dean knows now for certain that every decision he made about keeping Sam — and Eileen and Oliver — out of this from the beginning was the right one. Because really it was just a matter of time before things would go wrong and even through the pain Dean knows that he’s happy it hit him. He’ll gladly take it every time if it means the people important to him are safe.
“None of them mind.” “Maybe I do,” Dean mumbles, nudging his face into Cas's hand. It’s a subtle plea for him to keep his hand on him, to not take it back. There hasn’t been enough contact between them the past few days. A few stolen touches here and there while at home aren’t the same when they come with a risk and the ones in public just aren’t the same because there’s rarely any privacy to them. And while the touches during the night certainly count and are very appreciated, they’re still filled with a nervous current of
“Alright,” Cas says and pulls out of the parking lot.
Dean looks back over at Cas, takes note of his furrowed brow, how tight his grip on the steering wheel is. He waits him out, wanting to hear whatever he’s offering.
Cas [8:40 PM]: Oliver didn’t.
Dean opens his eyes and finds Cas staring at him, eyes wide and watery and so fucking blue even in this meager light. And it's not fair that he gets to look like this,
The conversation flows normally then and only when Cas pauses in the middle of a sentence, yawing loudly, does Dean even bother glancing at his watch. It's nearly two am.
“Obviously, you didn’t. But back then in February? I was hurt, god I was so hurt and angry and I couldn’t make sense of why you said no but I also couldn’t bring myself to ask you for an explanation, which was the stupidest thing I’ve ever done. God, you know I could have actually fixed this if I’d just opened my mouth. But you gotta know, I never-” Dean’s voice cracks and he tucks his jacket a little tighter around himself. “You have to believe me when I say that I never stopped loving you. And that everything in that letter is still true.”
“Cas.” It’s astonishing how his voice manages to crack that heavily on a single syllable, how he feels like it splits him open and he can barely see Cas turning towards him again, through the tears that are there so suddenly that it rips a sob from his throat.
Dean [2:15 AM]: Please. This is like a life-and-death situation.
Dean rubs his thumb over the water-damaged place where he remembers spelling out their address with such care, just to be that extra percent certain the letter would arrive unharmed and look what good it did. Below that there’s the pale yellow sticker from the postal service, the word
Dean [8:27 PM]: Bobby would have fired me if I charged you.
As a full-time employee, you are also entitled to the standard benefits package, including orgasms, homemade food, and free stays at my house. Please plan to begin your work immediately.
Cas [3:43 PM]: Charlie and I've been looking for you for twenty minutes now.
“And I don’t like you touching me, dad,” Dean says and he knows his voice is dripping with disrespect but he can’t stop himself because he may be his father’s son but he’s not a child anymore. So he straightens up and holds his ground even if he wishes he was wearing his boots still just to be that little bit taller, be that little more intimidating. Not that he thinks it would do anything but ease his mind.
"You got everything?" He can hear the amusement in Sam's voice and he zips up the bag, more vigor in his movement than necessary. The bag's heavier than usually, makes too much noise when he shoulders it.
Before Christmas, he would’ve snapped, would’ve at least been offended on Cas's behalf that his father had been so blatant about his dislike for him and then turned the next moment and pretended like he hadn’t. A few weeks ago Dean would’ve at least made an attempt to call his father out. But today he didn’t even really react because ultimately he was too pleased that his father had eaten something Cas had introduced and apparently liked it enough to bring it up again.
“Well, I’m gonna be back in twenty minutes. Don’t burn anything down.” Bobby’s steps disappear into the surrounding noise of the garage, music fading in and out behind the clanking of tools and short conversations. The air hums with the heat, crickets chirping somewhere and Dean can feel the sweat drip down his face. He blinks to keep it out of his eyes.
Dean [3:46 PM]: So don't worry your handsome little head about it.
Dean sort of freezes right there, one hand still trapped by Cas and his whole side pressed into Cas's chest and the position is awkward and uncomfortable but they are so much closer than before. He’s scared that if he so much as breathes, he’ll fall over completely onto Cas and he can’t let that happen. His heartbeat is too loud in his ears and his voice is quiet, barely there when he says, “Cas.”
"Excuse me? I have had all my gifts for a while now."
Instead of answering, Cas runs his hand over his head, fingers brushing through his hair, and Dean sighs, letting his eyes slip closed. And sure enough, it doesn’t take long at all for him to get drowsy again, his mind quieting down under the gentle ministration of Cas's fingers and the voiceover of the documentary filling the silence.
“But please remember that the people you care about, care about you, too. None of us want to watch you crash and burn because you think we can't stomach you being human. You're allowed to think of yourself first sometimes.”
one time was already enough for today, thank you very much. And Sam had warned him to be patient, to just let Oliver feel his feelings because he’s new to loss,
“Hello, Dean,” Cas responds, voice rough and like coming home.
right there because he wants to, no needs to make his father's words a moot point. But then his father moves, looks back at him, face slipping into another scowl, and all Dean can think is that his father doesn’t deserve to hear that. Not before Cas, maybe not even after him.
“That’s not a no, Cas.” It irks Dean that he won’t give him a straight answer. It’s not that he wants to know details. Just something. Honestly, even with all the casual small talk and catching up they’ve been doing the past week it’s like Cas avoids the topic like the plague. Or at least the details beyond being here for work. Work that definitely has to do with that shiny new PhD and if he met Sam earlier it must be something on the campus of Kansas University. And really Cas saying that much would be enough. It doesn’t have to be a big deal but Cas brushing it off once more, makes it seem like one. So it’s either really important or Cas is just trying to not upset him. Though Dean has no idea what about Cas's work could possibly upset him — they’re already beyond the
And when they turn into the drive through of some burger joint twenty minutes later, he doesn't even dig into him for ordering the most unhealthy option he can think of in the split second he gives himself to look at the menu.
“That’s good to know, I guess.”
“Great. Let me know what you think, yeah?”
“No kidding,” Bobby says and rubs his chin. “Tell you what, kid. I’ve got some errands that need running. You up for that?”
Dean [9:01 AM]: Still love you though.
It had become startlingly clear the second he’d moved into his own space. It came right along with the realization that for the first time in his life, he was by himself and there was no one to come home to or that would come home to him. No one around but himself, in an empty apartment that lacked furniture and warmth and that feeling of comfort. Sure, he hasn’t even been living here for a month and over time, he’s certain, things will change. The space will fill up and start feeling like his. For now though he feels like he’s back in a motel room, a guest in a space with no personality. Though even there he’d felt more at home with Sam and their father around.
Cas [8:36 PM]: I’m sure they’ll invite me again if they want to see me.
Cas shakes his head and maneuvers him into a chair before returning to Dean's task of placing the groceries in their proper places. It takes him longer than it would've taken Dean, opening and closing cupboards without any plan of where things belong but just the thought of opening his mouth again, makes Dean's stomach turn.
His father furrows his brow, mouth tugging down — dangerously so but not yet a scowl or full-blown anger. “You’ve got a problem with it?”
“I’m not stupid, Bobby.” He rolls his eyes and places two more bags on the shelf.
“I’m not,” he says, finally downing the last of his drink. “Remember, I did the jilting.”
Hell, wasn’t he dead set on telling Cas about still being in love with him tonight anyway? So what difference would this additional confession make if he can be at least sure that Cas can’t possibly hate him more than he already does. Or did. Dean surely has no idea what Cas's stand on their relationship is. Or what he’s feeling about all their recent friendly conversations and flirtations. He started at least half of them but old habits die hard and if he’s stuck here working he’s surely just glad to see a familiar face that won’t be turned away by his sense of humor or inability to keep his opinions to himself. Someone he can just be himself with.
He's fumbling around, shifting through the trunk of the Impala. He was checking for something yes, but while the motions feel familiar and everything is right where it should be, he's lost track of his movements long ago. Knives, guns, materials for spells and summons, books. All right where they should be. And then there on the left, something not quite at home yet in the trunk of Baby. It's blinding despite fitting in with its surroundings, the dark muddy patches making it look just like any other unsaveable piece of fabric they had to ditch before. And yet...
And he doesn’t want to stay quiet, doesn’t want to give in because he’s not in the wrong here. He tries to wrench himself free but his father won’t let up. Apparently, even a stroke can’t take the training out of a former Marine. Another stab of pain makes tears shoot into his eyes and his fingers tingle like his whole arm has fallen asleep. Dean nods before he can stop himself.
Dean [10:20 PM]: Sorry. You don’t have to tell me. I know it’s none of my business.
“Yes,” Cas says and then the small distance between them is suddenly gone and Cas is brushing his lips against Dean’s. It’s gentle, barely there, but Dean knows he makes a noise somewhere in the back of his throat, hand letting go of Cas's swing to clutch onto Cas's shoulder. It’s apparently all the permission Cas needs to lean in again and then they are kissing, actually properly kissing around swing set chains on a playground in the middle of the night. One where Dean never spent a day as a kid but now can safely say is one of his favorite places. It’s not what he’s been dreaming of since seeing Cas at the grocery store but it’s so much better. When they part, they don’t go far, even if Dean can feel Cas's arm shaking slightly where his own is pressed against it. Into the small space between them, Cas says, “I really do.”
Tonight. Not in the bright light of day but rather under the protection of the dark with only the dim light of Christmas in his home.
His father, sitting at the table and sipping a cup of coffee, lifts his gaze to meet his. The moment stretches for too long before his father lowers his eyes back to the table and the magazine he’s reading — sports or cars, there’s never anything else lying around here but those — and Dean’s the only one left out of his element. God, he’s become so good at not being around his father, of avoiding him — even having help avoiding him — that he’s utterly stumped at what to do now. Sure they had run-ins at work but never one on one. Never out of sight from everyone.
Dean [4:52 PM]: Okay.
Dean full on knocks into the hood, with how hastily he scrambles upright. There's the immediate sting of tears in his eyes and he makes a choked off noise. His face feels on fire all of a sudden and he knows he looks like a deer caught in the headlights. He can't even bring himself to lie and deny it.
"I decided that I might as well call. Seeing as you were probably waiting by the phone anyway."
Dean’s vaguely aware of pocketing his phone and getting up, while he says, voice flat, “Well, it’s your life.”
Dean [6:19 PM]: Evening, your highness
This time when he stops in the middle of his sentence, Dean doesn’t pick it back up. Instead, he swallows, wets his suddenly too dry lips. “I guess.”
Still, the feeling makes itself at home in his stomach through all thirty (thirty!) fucking pages of pictures of Cas, them, a whole lot of pie that he's mad he never got to try. It sits there heavy, makes him bite his lip hard enough to hurt, hard enough to starve off the tears.
“Dear god, I think we need something stronger here,” Jo mumbles and gets up, leaving them to join her mother at the bar once more. Dean watches her go until Charlie snaps her fingers in front of his face. He blinks, looks back towards her.
Dean [7:05 PM]: I'm not angry at you. So me lashing out at you? Not okay.
Whatever the reason though, there's never the perfect moment and Dean doesn't manage to speak up whenever they're in the same room.
Charlie [2:20 AM]: Do you know something I don’t?
He forces out an “Okay,” before his throat closes up fully.
“You wanted to what now?” Because in what world would that even make sense, planning to surprise him with the news of finishing and then turning around to break up with him? Like, did he just want to pull a disappearing act with his shiny new degree? Was that supposed to be the surprise but Dean messed it up with his letter? God, he has no idea where to even start with unpacking that.
Dean [9:24 PM]: I remember taking you to one when you were what, nine?
Dean looks up from where he’s trying to cram the coffee into the already too full cupboard. Too full with coffee, mind you. He raises his eyebrows at Bobby. “Was there no coffee in the cupboard when I left?”
“You didn’t say yes? Why?”
Sam gapes at him. “You’re joking.”
Charlie [10:55 AM]: Not to talk. Just to get your mind off of him.
Maybe it's simply because Dean’s a coward.
Despite Sam’s earlier words, it’s not much longer until a nurse approaches them. It’s the same one that offered him water earlier. “Dean Winchester?”
And that's really what it boils down to, isn't it? What Dean wants. Not Cas or both of them but first and foremost just him. Because Cas is comfortable with who he is, with who he loves. And Dean is not. Not always. He's the one not completely out, the one that only ever brought women home to his family and got touchy and kissed them in other people's spaces. But never a man, those he kept to himself even when people knew, like a badly kept secret. But that's not what he wants this to be. It's not what Cas deserves. Cas deserves…
“Yeah, that one.”
“What if,” Cas starts but he doesn’t finish his sentence. Instead, he falls quiet again, sighs. There’s the rustling of papers and books and Dean can see him so clearly settling back in at his desk — always overflowing with too many books, notes, and knick-knacks that used to drive Dean crazy because how could anyone work like that? He wonders if anything changed since he left. He could ask. He’s sure Cas would walk him through it. But he’s never going to see that desk again, is he? The single thought tugs harshly at his heart. Because really it’s not the stupid desk he’ll miss.
Dean [4:37 AM]: And sleeping beside you.
sits on Dean’s tongue but isn’t this exactly what he wanted earlier? To be close to Cas, to hold him, be held by him, just something beyond friendly touching? And won’t it be worth it in the end, if he can have another moment of pretense, can think of this as just another night at home where they bicker over bad TV choices and whatever else before one of them falls asleep and is woken up again to be ushered to bed? Just one night like they used to have and maybe tomorrow Dean can actually man up and be real with Cas about this, about what this,
Dean [12:28 PM]: Should be home by nine.
“Fuck off,” he bites. He rubs a hand over his elbow, then his eyes even though he knows he is in fact not crying. There’s just something stuck in his eyes. He feels her wide-eyed stare on him the whole damn time. He clears his throat. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Think I heard about that. Seriously though, if I have one nightmare about black holes and being disintegrated you’re going to pay.”
Dean doesn't get a response and for a few seconds, he considers calling him right then and there. But he takes a moment to breathe, reminds himself how that went last night and that he should just listen to other people sometimes. Whatever it is, he'll get it out of him. Even if this is Cas or rather especially because of this being Cas. He can deal with being anxious about this for a few more hours.
The seat creaks terribly underneath him — he's not
I saw your tweet tonight and found myself to be a good fit for the position. As you know from numerous conversations, I am able to provide both the boy and friend part.
He can’t help the laugh slipping from his mouth and adding that to the reasons he loves Cas. “Right. Be glad Baby didn’t hear you badmouthing her.”
Dean straightens up and clambers into the passenger seat — it used to be easier or maybe his body’s exhaustion is just finally catching up with him. He certainly feels like he could sleep for weeks — and Cas opens the door on the driver’s side and settles in the seat like he belongs. Dean knows he does.
Dean’s ready, fully prepared for Cas to be gone when he leaves the bathroom — he knows he would’ve been. Instead, Cas is standing at the kitchen sink doing the fucking dishes like nothing happened — fucking saint that man — and Dean forgets for a minute or two that things are not okay anymore while he watches him.
But what's left to lose, really?
Cas [5:25 AM]: But snow, Dean. Snow!
He makes a face. He doesn’t know who’d even sent him mail there or, you know, ever in the first place. He pockets his phone so that he can offer some signing along with his words — he’s been practicing and is so much better than he was in October last year but he knows it’s not always enough to bring his point across. “Well, he’s not wrong. Now gimme.”
Dean [12:13 PM]: That’s what you were going on about that night I drove your drunk ass home.
“Well fuck you, too,” Dean spits and ends the call. He wants to pick up the phone again immediately, call Cas back and apologize — he's being unfair but he's not wrong — there's just no way he should continue this conversation right now. Because no matter what further words his slightly oxygen-deprived brain would produce, it would come out wrong and wouldn’t be what Cas wants to hear.
His hand is shaking when he holds out the envelope towards Cas and he takes a deep breath, tries steadying it but it’s no use. The bright
“Dean!”
He just sleeps so much easier when he isn’t. His own emotional state has come up in conversations of course because it’s not like Dean can’t talk to people about it. His father is why he’s here in Lawrence after all. But somehow whatever gets said never feels satisfying to Dean, conversations getting cut short by circumstances and his own inability to find the right words for all this. Because really he shouldn't be complaining at all. His father could be dead instead of just inconvenienced by balance issues and a slight one-sided paralysis that the doctors sounded optimistic about and that he seems to be working through.
They linger a moment longer, awkwardness growing along with the silence that stretches between them. Then Cas nods once more and walks away like it’s nothing.
“Oh,” Dean says and realizes that it must be the reason why Cas looked the way he did last night. Exhausted and stressed and like the world’s resting on his shoulders. “What did you say to them?”
"Make sure to keep it that way. And now shoo. I don't want to see you back here until Monday."
There's no response, just utter silence beyond the TV, and then Dean watches Cas come back into the kitchen and grab his bag. With raised eyebrows, he motions towards the stairs and Dean leaves his empty glass on the table without a second thought and follows him.
Dean [7:05 PM]: It's not.
Charlie had cut him off after glass five, reminding him that he needed to work tomorrow, then proceeded to baby him until he’d fallen asleep — and he most definitely wasn’t still crying. He was fine at that point. The persistent headache he woke up with this morning was simply caused by the alcohol. Nothing painkillers and coffee wouldn’t fix.
Shuffling, then the car door slams shut again. "Thank you," Cas says, voice nearly getting drowned out by the rumble of the Impala.
Dean’s tired. He just wanted to turn in early after an exhausting day and the grain pillow is a nearly daily habit now. One that certainly won’t hurt him — or anyone else for that matter — and shouldn’t be an issue. But apparently, it’s enough for his father to judge him.
Dean's eyes snap back open, pulling him back. Cas is hovering over him again, their noses so close, that he can feel himself going cross-eyed and it takes him a second longer to focus. He meets Cas' gaze, feels the tension thumping in his body, and watches with rapt attention how Cas' eyes slip close, his forehead wrinkling and then he stills breath hitching, and tips over the edge.
He laughs and it’s a little too loud, a little too much. “Have you met me? I can make friends for the night with a snap of my fingers.”
He feels both their eyes on him and then Cas's hand is covering his once more and Sam squeezes his shoulder and it’s not fair that he’s leaning on both of them right now, that he can’t offer the comfort he wants to give to his brother, that he’s just taking. He’s not the only one affected by this but he can’t think beyond how he hates being here.
Dean doesn’t step into his father’s bedroom but he stands there long enough until he’s sure he’s not just imagining the slight movement and the barely audible breathing coming from the bed. And as soon as he’s sure, he closes the door again just as quietly and leaves for the kitchen, the knot around his chest loosening.
"Then let's start with talking about this face to face. On the 24th?" Dean can hear the smile, the happiness so clearly in his voice and it makes him want to be there, see it on his face. He wants to see that blinding smile and how he flushes, when they talk about a new version of them, a boyfriend version. One that gets to touch unashamedly and openly, one that actually gets to kiss, and oh.
Sam [9:10 PM]: But it’s a yes to the dresser?
Dean [3:57 PM]: Serves you right, sunshine.
Dean [9:02 AM]: On my way home. Want me to bring breakfast?
“Yes.” Cas's voice sounds tight and Dean knows he's fucked. Another one of those nights then.
Dean [2:27 PM]: I just wanted to apologize. But I get it.
Dean [8:36 PM]: What I said still stands though. I’m sure they would love to see you again.
“She’s right, you've got time.” Charlie pats his hand. She’s still beaming. Jo looks equally as delighted. “But tell us the second you do actually ask him, please.”
Dean [2:17 AM]: I mean it.
“Oh, I’m sure there’d be ways to convince you,” Cas says. When he continues his voice is a little quieter, dipping a little lower. “I mean, I got you onto a plane before. A spaceship shouldn’t require much more.”
Dean [10:02 PM]: That bad?
The words feel like a slap across the face, the anger in them palpable and Dean inhales sharply, straightens up. He feels utterly defenseless under Cas's stare, pinned in place. He should have known that would come back to bite him in the ass.
Instead, Dean’s the best solution to a problem that can be fixed with patience and work. And his father’s not the only one he’s helping this way. After all, there’s a reason why he was the obvious choice when his father balked at letting a stranger into his home to take care of him and turned to his family instead because
A soft “Dean?” rouses him from the edge of sleep and he blinks his eyes open again, meets Cas's own and smiles lazily.
He looks disheveled, tie loosened and top buttons undone and why he still insists on dressing up to these dinners is beyond Dean. He'd be fine in just jeans and a sweater like everybody else. But then again it also makes him Cas and to be fair Dean does take secret joy in it. Loves seeing him put together until he isn't, the flush in his cheeks from the wine Eileen brought not helping, making him look even more indecent. And oh, the places his mind is going again.
He blinks again because now those are definitely tears in his eyes. He doesn’t remember when his own father last asked him what he wanted for breakfast and he feels dumb that such a simple question is sending him into tears.
, to be right. It feels like his heart is breaking all over again as he watches Cas take in the space, as he watches him look at all the knick-knacks on the bookshelf — the ones he made sure Dean had even if he was too scared to ask for them. And the last time they were in a space that was theirs was a year ago and he can’t have that back, no matter what he told Charlie last night. It’ll always be different. Whether they are just friends or if there’s an actual chance at something between them, they’ve lost a part. Maybe not a substantial one but something is gone. He wants it back in the same way he wants his father to be who he used to be, who he seemed to be in Dean’s earliest memories. It’s stupid. It’s hopeless. He’s so tired of losing. He’s just so damn tired.
— what he just did and he pushes up and away before he can even get the, “I’m so sorry,” fully out. He stares at Cas, eyes wide with panic.
He only gets silence as a reply and it drags on while Dean finally makes his way back into the living room. The TV’s still playing on mute when he settles back down onto the sofa. He stays at the edge of the seat though, doesn’t dare to get comfortable and let his guard down further. He feels like he’s stretched too thin, ready to snap.
"The Gas n' Sip, please."
“Yes.”
Their last fight still sits heavy in his stomach. Because that's what it was this time, a full-blown fight that could in no form or way be classified as a disagreement or argument anymore. A fight where, if they’d been in the same space, they wouldn’t have been afterwards because Dean would have been too proud and Cas would have just disappeared somewhere — friends usually, except that one time where he’d slept in his fucking office. Those kinds of fights don’t happen often but when they do they linger.
He gives himself five seconds to breathe before he presses the home button on his phone and then selects his contacts. He doesn't have to look far, Cas sits right at the top of the list, and he hits the call button without thinking.
“Kid, you gotta breathe.”
He gasps for air and gasps and gasps. But every try gets ripped from him with another sob. His heart isn't working right, skipping too many beats and there's a prickling in his fingertips like static when he grips his shoulder harder, feels the give of muscles and skin like he's done so many times but there's no response. The only thing left is warmth, seeping out and into his ice cold hands. It fills him with a sudden desperation to absorb it all, to keep it to himself.
Yeah, maybe he should let the kid have no choice ever again. Though in all fairness Dean gets this one. “Do you now?”
“Doesn't matter. It was stupid.” It wasn’t stupid. It really, really wasn’t but admitting it out loud would mean admitting that he’s worried he’s going to fuck this up worse. He takes another sip of his drink. “I shouldn't be mad at him for ignoring me sometimes. I know he doesn’t do it on purpose.”
clinging to them.
Dean [12:13 PM]: You knew.
And well that hits a little differently, doesn't it? Because trying (and failing) to delete last night's message was one thing but Cas openly replying to his second post with a confirmation like that is a whole different story. A "We seriously need to talk about this" kind of story.
“Since you admitted to wanting a white picket fence life with our boy Cas,” Charlies says and places something on the coffee table before leaving for her kitchen again.
“Cas. To Dean’s proposal.” Charlie looks at Jo, purses her lips. “The real one because he apparently didn’t get proposed to at all the first time.”
"It's not."
“It’s nothing,” Cas says and then a bit softer, “Please don’t hesitate to let me know if you need anything.”
"Do you-" he stops, has no idea where he's going with the sentence but Cas says, "Yes," nonetheless. And then they're suddenly standing in the kitchen, still too close but not close enough - still blissfully alone - and Dean watches with too much warmth in his chest how Cas unpacks the food he brought from the bag, taking utmost care and Dean knows he will kiss him before the night is over. He wants those hands and all the tenderness and love that comes with them.
Dean [10:22 PM]: Beginning of March.
This.
is probably part of what caused this in the first place. There's a flicker of a memory -
"Just a few more hours, Dean. That's all. Then we can talk." Cas's voice is firm but the way his fingers dig into his arm now, betrays his calm demeanor. But compared to Dean, he seems to have a lot more self-restraint because he unwraps himself and with one more smile, leaves him standing there all by himself in the kitchen and by the sound of it, makes his way into the living room.
And then he’s right back where he started, sitting in a waiting room chair and waiting for someone to tell him something. He gets a text at some point, a hastily written
First, he has to finish up here though.
and Dean’s heart skitters with the thought of him but not Cas reading his words — and his fingers are shaking when he reaches inside, pulls out the actual letter.
Not that anything is going on.
“I can't come back yet.” Dean's voice shakes and his whole body with it.
"It certainly fits." Cas brushes his hands along the front of the coat, straightens the collar. His eyes follow the movement for a second then he focuses back on Dean. "Meet me in Sam's room."
And now they're both rolling their eyes at him. “No shit.”
“Charlie is still a very loud drunk.” There’s an amused undertone in Cas's voice.
Dean looks up from his phone, finds Eileen holding out an expensive-looking brown envelope. The light of the dining room reflects off it slightly. He’s suddenly very aware of the smell of melted cheese in the air. Apparently, he’s lost track of time there a little.
Dean [2:32 PM]: Oh you watch out, Sammy, or I’m going to steal her right out from under your nose.
“Dean.” There’s the hint of a warning in Cas's voice and he shoots him a look. On any other day, Dean would push, would nudge Cas that little bit further to get him to say what he’s not saying. But today it feels like a moot point. If just because Dean’s a little worried that Cas will ditch him after all. He really doesn’t want that, feels himself shiver at the notion of being by himself.
There's only silence on the other end and the distance between them feels suddenly like an ocean drowning him. Not even Cas's staticky in- and exhales giving him anything to hold onto.
Another gentle tug on his arm. “I won’t make a big deal out of it, Dean. If you really don’t want to just tell me but otherwise...”
So he sets about his way, taking his knock-off Tupperware container out of the fridge and getting himself some water. With both, he settles at the table, diagonal to his father, and digs in. He plucks his phone from his pocket, scrolls through some new texts from Charlie — a story about some girl she met at work today. He can’t help the huff of laughter escaping him while he types out a reply.
And then quieter, “I can’t.”
There's only one explanation here but it can't be it. It doesn't make any sense.
“Because I reward you when you pay attention?”
Dean doesn’t feel half as bad as he should, sitting across from Sam during a short lunch together and painting him the beautiful picture of everything being fine when it so very much isn't.
Dean [9:06 PM]: Already got a frame and mattress picked out.
"In a second." He shakes it off and finishes his work.
He considers it for a minute. There aren't many options this close to Christmas. "Last minute gift shopping?"
Dean [10:40 AM]: I don’t want to talk about it.
“Sounds good.” His father nods once and then he’s actually right there in Dean’s space, squeezing his shoulder and stepping past him to continue his way downstairs.
The kiss is the counterpart to his fingers cradling Cas' face like he is glass. His mouth pushes and pulls and bites and Cas- Cas pushes back, shaky but fully present and out to finish this. Just like he did that time-
The slight pain of his lip popping is enough to pull him back, from tugging his mind into the here and now again. He stuffs the last piece of equipment he needs into his duffle bag. The noise of the zipper closing is too loud, even with cars zipping by the motel parking lot. While he shoulders it his eyes flit back to the left of the trunk one more time.
Dean [11:44 AM]: As did that sexy voicemail.
left. Acquaintances or friends even and Dean doesn’t think he could live with either but wouldn’t it still be better than nothing?
Dean [9:21 PM]: We are going to the county fair, right?
"Cas, I...," he trails off not sure where his sentence was supposed to go. He could, if he wanted to, say exactly what's on his mind. But the words stick to his throat, the thought of this being just a good-natured joke weighing them down. Maybe he should have thought this through before blindly calling. Before being rash and hasty and not smart about this. "I appreciate that you're on your way to becoming a pie specialist just for me."
And that’s the thing, he isn’t. He wants this to be easy but it isn’t. He wants to go check on his father and not feel the shame and guilt of considering his death to be the better option here. He wants to have back the feeling of being a child and not even knowing that your parents can leave you. He wants to not have to constantly worry about the people he cares about because they care enough about him to take care of themselves. He just wants everything to be okay for once and not feel like he’s missing something or someone, like he’s about to lose another part of his carefully built life.
Cas's eyebrows scrunch together, fond confusion as a reply to his nonsensical words but he's laughing quietly and warmth blooms in Dean’s chest that has nothing to do with the blanket covering it. He smiles. “Do you want to join the others outside?”
“And I’m saying
Dean [8:07 AM] And I love you but I don’t love you that much.
As if John Winchester would ever even consider talking to him about this, his emotions, anything concerning his health, really, that goes beyond the next appointment with one doctor or another. Not that it matters. Dean’s good at pretending that things are okay, that his father is the same man he was the last time they saw each other. So if that’s what his father expects from him, he’ll gladly deliver because he’s not really scrambling to be on the receiving end of those conversations either.
Somebody knocks on the window.
Dean [8:07 AM]: So no, I haven’t.
Dean could deny it, pretend he's got no idea what he's talking about but the last three days have shown him that he can't keep it contained anyway. So he might as well admit this much, "Well, it's nice to be happy."
He's not far from their room, from Sam, just a few steps away in the parking lot, leaning against the side of the car they are using this time. He didn't bother going further, didn't want to go further.
Sam [2:32 PM]: Well, I’d like to see you try.
Dean [10:17 PM]: I'm not going back to Boston.
After two episodes, Cas excuses himself to the bathroom and Dean uses the moment to check his phone. He’s got a text from Bobby, letting him know that he doesn’t have to come into work tomorrow, and a few from Sam detailing how everything’s still good and that the hospital asked for a few things — documents, clothes — that they need. And while Dean has no desire to go back there tomorrow, he offers to take care of it anyway because he knows he got the time while Sam surely has more important shit to do. It’ll suck but if he couldn’t be there for Sam today, he can at least do this much. He shoots another text off to Ellen, letting her know about what happened and that he’ll still come in tomorrow afternoon if nobody else can cover his shift.
Dean [10:16 PM]: Good.
“Of course.” There’s a smile on Cas's face now, small but very much there, as he drops his gaze to the salad dressings he’s still holding in his hands. He looks almost embarrassed, while he turns to place one of them back onto the shelf. “It’s just what you’re supposed to say. When you run into someone you-”
Dean [10:27 PM]: If you need me to sign anything to end the lease please send it to Bobby’s place.
“Maybe we should head home then,” Cas says. “I could use something to warm up, as well.”
Encl.
It's just a peck, more isn't really an option with how big they're both smiling still. But it's enough for the moment. And instead of pulling away afterwards, Cas drags his nose along Dean's cheek until he can burrow into his shoulder. He sighs heavy and relaxed. "It's good to be home."
Someone clears their throat behind Dean, says “Excuse me, could you-,” and he feels his face burn with a sudden feeling of being caught. He moves out the way in an instant, towards Cas, because forward is the only logical way and turning around would be so obviously wrong and look like running — part of him wants to so badly but the rest of him is screaming at him to not let this moment slip from between his fingers.
“It's fine. Should've known better than to jerk off while he was still up. It's not like he can't climb stairs if he wants to. Even with a busted foot.”
Cas raises his eyebrows at him but there’s something gentle and fond about it, a subtle
is. He’s very aware he should care. He just doesn’t. It’s really as simple as that. He’s fairly content to watch that elephant die at the moment.
Dean stares at him. The grocery store lighting did nothing for Cas and where Dean thought he looked good yesterday, he looks amazing with the late summer sun burning down on them. He faintly notes that Cas shaved. “You already lost me, man.”
The silence between them stretches for a moment and Dean thinks it wouldn’t take much at all for him to spill his whole heart for Cas to see right now.
As if nothing happened.
"Right." There's some rustling and then the dull thud of the phone being placed down.
He’s in and out of sleep after that, faintly aware of the documentary changing into something with a too-loud laugh track and movement underneath his cheek. But when he groans his displeasure and twists away from it, he’s met by a soft shushing and the volume getting lowered.
They're at the motel, packing up before leaving. Or more so Sam packing the last of his stuff into the trunk and Dean leaning against the side of the Impala, waiting so they can finally get back on the road. Get away.
. Sam’s words, not his. And yet the comparison hit a nerve for Dean because he’s right.
“Truly. What a spectacular thing,” Cas says dryly and they fall silent for the last few minutes of the drive.
Sam [5:26 PM]: Can I bribe you with something?
Dean [2:30 AM]: Charlie?
And he’s feeling okay, physically at least — maybe he’s a little stiff from sleeping on the couch but that’s it — but emotionally is a whole different story.
“You there, Dean?” Bobby says after a moment of silence. Dean can hear the familiar noises of the garage in the background. God, what if he had gone there directly? What if he hadn’t gone by his father’s house? His stomach lurches again. “Kid, open your damn mouth.”
Work on Monday is difficult.
“Promise?” Dean whispers into the small pocket between them and stares him down, tries matching Cas's unnerving ability of just forgoing blinking and losing like always.
“Good. Now let me hug you.” She scoots her chair a little closer, pressing her knees into his leg, and then she’s wrapping him up in her arms. He goes all too willingly, holding her tight in return. Now that she can’t see his face anymore, he doesn’t bother trying to keep up with his failed attempt at keeping the tears at bay anymore. Instead, he just lets himself cry and be held.
The coffee machine clicks, the hot plate turning off, as Dean fills in the word for
“Bye Ms. Stacy!” Oliver lifts one of his hands and waves at her, a bright grin on his face.
Cas [1:00 AM]: I love you.
“Very aware of that, thank you,” he grumbles but picks up the bottle and takes a sip anyway. Over the rim of it, he meets Charlie's and Jo's eyes respectively. Despite the smiles on their faces, they look put out. He sets the beer back down, sighs. “Sorry. I'm killing the mood.”
Dean [2:30 PM]: My burger grilling skills are superior to yours and you know it.
Dean [6:30 PM]: Pinky promise.
Nearly close enough that Dean doesn’t want to push — just three days left — considers letting this pass. But he doesn’t like it in the least and he needs to do something. His hand slips further up Cas's neck, thumb brushing over stubble that's far past five o'clock, while he leans in. It’s a short kiss, more of a peck than anything else and when he leans back Cas is still just looking at him.
Sam [10:34 PM]: Which is exactly why it will be you explaining it to him. If he sees you're upset, he'll know it's okay for him to be, too.
"Everything," he whispers, presses his eyes shut and the phone closer to his ear as if it'll somehow make Cas be closer. "I want us to be everything."
Honestly, he already got so close to dropping to his knees right there when Cas didn’t just wait at the bottom of the slide but instead clambered up after Oliver and did some sliding on his own, much to the kid’s delight. And Dean’s, fuck, he’s so in love with him.
. It shouldn’t feel so odd but it does and for the life of him, Dean can’t figure out why him and his father getting along feels so odd. Or maybe it’s rather that he doesn’t get why his father doesn’t seem to insist on taking him down a peg.
"Oh don't be like that, you love me." The words slip out, all teasing fun but then Dean realizes what he said. He freezes, his breath catching in his chest. Normally this would have been fine, said in jest during their usual banter. But tonight, in the darkness of his bedroom, last night's talk, and the application still hanging over them, it feels like teetering on the edge of too much, too soon, too close to their hearts. He opens his mouth, tries to apologize, and say he didn't mean to say it like that but Cas beats him to it.
And he knows he has no obligations towards Cas anymore. Knows that Cas has no right to ask this of him. Except where he does, where he deserves this much from Dean because last time he couldn’t give him anything, and now he can. Because he gets it now.
The chance to reply with snark and some well-placed swear words gets stolen from Dean by Oliver bursting into the kitchen. He’s crying and holding one of his stuffed animals in one hand and one ripped-off leg in the other. He holds them out to Sam, a silent plea in his face.
“It's not just a job, Dean, and you know that.”
, his brain tries to remind him but it’s a losing battle. Dean’s pretty certain he’ll still worry about him after one of them dies.
The line clicks, goes dead. Dean's heart follows.
His words go unheard but at least Oliver stays upright and then he’s got not just a bright green frog backpack but also the 45 pounds of kid it belongs to hanging off of him. Dean picks him up and lets him wrap his arms and legs around him like the tiny koala he is and once he's settled, he bops him on the nose. “Had a good day?”
sits on his lips but he swallows it down. He wanders a little further away from the entrance of the bar, leans against the wall of it. “Well, I did. So if you want something, out with it.”
"I love you, too."
“You mean you squabble with me over the phone.”
For a second, time freezes and Dean's not sure what to do, his body still helplessly twitching, searching for friction. But it kicks back up again the moment Cas opens his eyes, mouth pressing back in, kissing him like it matters, soft and unhurried but with such intent. It makes something ache inside of Dean and his voice feels stretched thin, toeing the line of worried when he breathes "Cas?" into the thin space between them.
It took Dean another five months and a joint trip back home to his family to connect all the dots he’d been offered over time and to figure out that Cas had been homeless at some point. It wasn’t his proudest moment but he made up for it afterwards by doing his damn hardest to keep them on a
When he joins Sam at their replacement car – it's an ugly thing – and places the trench coat in the trunk with maybe a little too much care, he's met with raised eyebrows.
Dean clicks his tongue at Miracle and she lifts her head up, looks lazily at him. "Wanna come with me?"
________
“So she did what she's supposed to do then? I mean that's the whole point with her as your adviser right? Helping you do better and delivering work that's up to par?”
“And you actually want to marry me someday.”
Dean watches him step back, watches him retreat down the stairs, and follows along mindlessly because he can't let him leave like this. He just can't. But the words won't come and he knows Cas wouldn't listen anyway. So he hovers, watches how he tugs on his stupid snow boots and coat, the beanie that always leaves his hair messier than it already was.
“I talk to you.” The confusion in Cas's voice is obvious and in Dean's mind, he tilts his head, squints his eyes.
“This is not the tone you use with me,” his father says, voice level and almost as cold as his eyes. Dean feels his breath catch uncomfortably in his chest, can’t help lowering his gaze. Cold terror is settling in his bones and it makes him freeze up in a way he hasn’t in years. “Understood?”
Dean [10:48 AM]: It’s fine.
Dean [2:13 PM]: Please?
There’s rustling on Cas's end. Then he clears his throat, sounds almost guilty when he says, “I wasn’t aware you were out with your friends.”
"Thank you," Cas says, polite but voice tight when the Impala is stopped before the Shop of the Gas n' Sip, engine still purring. His smile is even worse when he moves to open the door.
His name leaves Dean's mouth broken and without choice. He doesn't want to say it because he knows he won't get an answer. At the same time the silence is deafening and his ears are rushing like he's stuck underwater and if there has to be noise, he'd rather it be his name.
He looks over at Sam, catches his expression and forces his eyes back onto the road. There's a sudden lump in his throat, making it more difficult than it should be to say, "A little more information, Sam."
Dean [5:49 PM]: If I send you a list of things I want to get from the apartment.
“Look he isn't happy with it but it is what it is and he knows that.”
Dean [12:17 PM]: Charlie.
He can still do that. He can still get up, take this letter and deliver it to Cas himself. Hand it over to him and maybe even watch him read it. It might not fix things but it might make them better. And Cas deserves the whole story. Cas deserves an apology, a real chance at an answer and a do-over, and just so much more. But even if Dean knows now that there wasn’t anything he missed, anything he did fundamentally wrong, that Cas still had loved him in March or even April — oh god the whole dissertation acknowledgment makes much more sense now — there’s still the very real fear that during the past half a year, he changed his mind. That he stopped loving Dean. Because caring about him, wanting to be his friend is one thing. But love? A whole different spiel.
Cas [8:47 PM]: I'm surprised Oliver even managed to fall asleep with you snoring next to him.
, Cas had said to him the first night,
Dean pretends to be asleep.
"Smartass." There's no real bite behind the word. "At least go to bed with me."
Charlie [11:57 PM]: You aren’t ready yet!
Dean [2:28 AM]: That’s the smart thing to do, right?
Stepping into his father’s house and knowing full well that he’ll be alone there, that the silence greeting him won’t be disturbed by anyone but him, is kind of a shock to Dean’s system and it takes him a good five minutes of stupidly standing around in the entryway to get his bearings back. Where yesterday Dean had hoped his father wouldn’t be home, today he’d rather have him here all things considered.
“Why do you even care? We're not-” Cas breaks off as if saying it, saying what they aren’t anymore, is too much, even for him.
“I don’t-” He lifts his gaze hesitantly to meet Bobby’s again. He finds nothing but warmth in it. So instead of blocking off, he asks, “Why are we talking about this if you don’t want to kick me out?”
Dean [6:29 PM]: Well?
A shadow moves on Cas' face, settles into the lines of it and makes him look even more exhausted. "I'm sorry to hear that."
Sure they apologized already. Both of them because they’d said things that shouldn’t have been said like that or at all. But when Dean can’t even see Cas during it, how's he supposed to know if he's actually forgiven or if it's just another empty platitude to get him to stop? Because he knows that Cas is stressed as well, that he’s rather not there at all instead of half-assing conversations and being terse with each other. But how’s that supposed to make Dean feel when words are the only real option here and the distance seems to finally become too much?
. There’s no chance in hell he won’t fuck this up further the longer they keep this up without talking about the elephant in the room.
"I have a motel room." Dean rubs a hand over the back of his neck, doesn't dare meet his eyes. "You deserve a proper bed after the night you've head."
Dean [5:38 PM]: And I felt kinda obligated to say yes to watching her adorable little son.
“How are you doing?” The question slips out before he’s even fully considered asking it.
He can hear Bobby grumble some more words to himself before he's out of earshot. Dean makes his way outside, wishing happy holidays to whoever he passes with a little too much vigor. He can't wait to get started on this.
“Fuck.”
Though he’s mostly back to losing right now. Because the same way he spent a big deal of the years since he left Lawrence homesick — familysick? — he’s now missing Cas. Except it’s worse. Because not only is Dean not in the comfort of his own place where he can wallow in self-pity as he sees fit but Cas is the king of not answering messages and calls. Constantly busy with something and his head always somewhere else — on books, his doctorate, climate change, and bees, or even just Netflix — to keep track of what's going on just beyond his bubble. And if Dean’s not right there, being part of his bubble becomes difficult. Cas does his best though, which is all Dean can ask from him. But when you combine it with Dean being too good at shutting down when he's feeling things and is forced to talk about it in the limited time he has between both their schedules not always matching up and when he can't just take a whole week of random sentences and soft touches, to figure out why he's just constantly feeling the itch of frustration and anger underneath his skin, it just spells trouble. So it’s not their fault that most of their conversations end with one of them short with the other.
not when it never reached Cas and that would mean
“No, tell me, dad. Do I not deserve comfort? Or is it because I’m a man and comfort isn’t manly enough for you? Or maybe the problem is actually that Cas gave it to me.” He straightens up, stares his father down. It’s funny how he was dead on his feet a minute ago when right now his body feels like a live wire. “Which one is it, tell me.”
Dean [5:17 PM]: Can you do me a favor?
That Cas willingly asked her to become his adviser had still surprised him. That Cas had a complete meltdown about his own work after each of their meetings less so.
Cas [5:26 AM]: [Attachment: picture of snow falling onto a street]
Cas [4:52 AM]: Though working's easier at this time of night. Maybe I should do it more often.
There are fingers in Dean’s hair, carding through it and a familiar, steady presence underneath his cheek. Something soft is tucked around his upper body and it envelopes him in a pleasant warmth. The voices in the background drown on and he fades in and out, catching phrases of strings of conversations that are loud and boisterous until they aren't anymore.
Dean [10:21 PM]: Go ahead.
The door opens while Dean’s taking a step back, fully prepared to bolt, and he freezes. His eyes widen and he feels his cheeks flush. Cas just stares back at him, frowning and frazzled looking. It seems to take him a second to register who he’s looking at.
There’s a traitorous part of his brain that tells him he was here because of Oliver, to see him and Eileen and Sam, and only them. Not Dean though. He probably didn’t even waste a thought on him and by now he’s surely back in Boston, going on with his life, while Dean feels a familiar ache in his chest. An hour ago he would’ve sworn he was finally doing better. But apparently, that would’ve been wrong because it’s become glaringly clear how he’s not.
Dean [10:33 PM]: The kid loves Cas more than he does me or anyone in his family for the matter.
Which is exactly what leads him to take advantage of another one of his connections. Just one hand washing the other.
"Well, I'd say I'm sorry but I'm not."
Dean [11:53 AM]: No thanks. I'll take what I can get.
Missorted. As if Dean didn’t find things in the boxes that he couldn’t even remember showing Cas, things that he wasn’t even aware of owning anymore but that he did indeed like to see back in his hands. As if Cas would get mixed up about something that belonged to himself when he clearly had a much better sense of who had owned what in their apartment — he packed the fucking pie tins for god’s sake. Dean can’t help but laugh at the mere notion of Cas accidentally packing something he wore so frequently in a box designated for him.
— so that they both have the reassurance that seems to be slipping between their fingers right now.
“Kid, if you won’t quit with that face I’m locking you into the office.”
Charlie [8:01 AM]: How are your new digs treating you anyway?
“Well, being in the same space will make that easier,” Dean says, shrugs his shoulders when Cas gives him a look. They’re both smiling like idiots though. “But you’re right. We should do that.” He pauses, licks his lips. “Because I love you. And you sort of still love me, too.”
“Have you heard anything yet?”
Dean [2:25 AM]: Or something at least.
“Fine.”
Warnings: reference to past (physical) abuse, John Winchester using a slur and physically hurting Dean
Instead, Cas only says, “Of course I would,” while he reaches for his plate. As if Dean didn’t just imply anything with his words.
Actually, Dean’s pretty certain that he’s already in over his head whenever he talks about his own feelings on the matter. He could probably use emotional support more than his father does at the moment. Because he’s constantly on edge, vibrating with the worry of the other shoe dropping — a second stroke is possible, the risk high enough especially if his father
Dean [2:23 AM]: I'm not sure it's normal to talk to your ex just because you're bored. Or flirt with them.
Despite everything in this room belonging to him fitting into one bag, he still nearly forgets Barry the grain pillow. He remembers just before he’s at the top of the stairs and doubles back, tucks it underneath his good arm, while his bag hangs heavy on the same shoulder.
Dean [8:43 PM]: Don’t mention it.
stage after all and they crossed the line of polite conversation suitable to past relationships a while ago. “Take a right at the next intersection.”
Cas [8:30 PM]: And it was nice talking to you.
So instead of taking it for what it is, he pushes back in, cradles his face, and presses another kiss, insistent and desperate, against his lips. There's a content sigh, Cas’s hands finding their way to his thighs while his chest arches up into him. Dean folds himself over him, not letting up and pinning him to the backrest.
— minutes later, probably on her way to waking Oliver because it's been long enough that other family members will surely start to arrive soon.
Cas [7:12 PM]: But we could text some more if that’s okay with you.
Cas [8:39 PM]: I didn’t think you’d want to know.
Dean [12:00 AM]: Stop drinking, Charlene.
He gives himself a minute, carefully massages his shoulder and upper arm against the strain while he listens to his father move around the kitchen, the familiar sound of glass being set onto a counter, a drink being poured. Then Dean forces himself up, goes back upstairs and packs his things, and is so incredibly grateful that most of his belongings are still in Boston, still with Cas. Because it means he doesn’t have to leave anything behind. It means he doesn’t have to come back here any time soon.
Charlie [2:19 AM]: Don’t do it.
It’s like coming home.
Cas who moves a little out of the way when a woman passes by him and who looks up and spots Dean exactly the second that Dean realizes he should run because he’s staring, heart beating a mile a minute and hands sweaty where they are clutching the handle of the cart. But his feet won’t move and it’s too late now anyway and watching Cas blink, mouth slightly open in surprise, feels like a fever dream.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Dean [9:05 PM]: Chicken.
“Only for another hour,” he says and rolls his eyes in turn. She’s right though. Tonight’s exhausting enough without any added alcohol and he’ll sleep like the dead anyways even with the lingering heat of the day and a still broken AC. It’s the added charm of working two jobs that keep him on his feet most of the time and he appreciates it. Sure the amount of sleep he gets still lingers below six hours most nights but at least he actually sleeps through them and doesn’t get startled awake by bad dreams. It’s an improvement he can happily live with.
Dean [5:22 PM]: You don’t have to, just. I figured it’ll make things easier.
“I thought you didn’t like it?”
“Dean.” The previous anger is gone as quickly as it had appeared and when Cas drags a hand over his arm, tugs at his sleeve, Dean lets him even if he wants to shrink away from the touch. “Why didn't you tell them?”
“This isn’t a discussion, Dean. So either stay in line or shut up,” his father hisses too close to his ear and Dean twists his head away, feels his shoulders nudge up futilely but it only makes pain zap through his arm.
He’s certainly not going to argue with that.
Still, schooling his features into something more neutral while calling out “I'm back,” feels almost natural and he waves Cas along into the kitchen after they've taken off their shoes and jackets, to drop off the groceries. He's kind of glad he can busy his hands with putting them away because it barely takes a second before there's the unmistakable presence of his father entering the room, his steps accompanied by the familiar sound of his walking boot.
Dean [5:57 PM]: And if you find something afterwards it’s your choice.
And then they’re standing more or less next to each other, just the cart between them, and Dean can see how Cas's stubble is closer to a beard than a few days' worths and it looks just as good on him as he remembers. Better even because it’s been so long. Dean swallows, drags his gaze up, and forces himself to meet Cas's eyes. Even in the shitty store lighting, they look bright.
Dean [11:44 AM]: The pics Balthazar sent me suggest you had fun though.
He's quite certain there will actually and it eases his mind a little, makes it easier to focus back on work and get it done. Though admittedly the question of what to give Cas still never quite leaves his mind.
“I know I hurt you too much to be allowed to ask anything from you. But please read it? And please take as long as you need to think about your answer. And I don’t even mean to the letter. Just- Just to us, okay. I’m fine waiting and honestly? You deserve to make me wait as long as you want.” He smiles but it’s small and sad and absolutely overshadowed by the tear that he can feel slipping down his cheek. “I’m going to leave now.”
Cas [2:05 AM]: I read it.
The link is to a document. A big ass document that takes a while to load.
“Yep.” Dean’s not nervous, not really. He can do this. He knows where his abilities lie or else he wouldn’t have picked Ellen to ask if she needed any part-time help. He can’t say he won’t be happy about the added money — still paying rent for Cas's apartment here — but it’s more so about getting out of the house, about not making Bobby feel cramped in his own place. Pulling his weight in more than just cooking and getting groceries. It’s also a pretty solid backup if one day he can’t stomach seeing his father on a nearly daily basis at the garage anymore. Even if Bobby is doing a damn fine job of keeping them at separate sides of the garage — office for him most mornings because that’s when his father is under guarantee always there — but it’s destined to blow up in his face someday soon. Everything usually does. “Prepared to get fewer tips than me?”
“What, he can do a beer and a shot now?”
"His trench coat."
Dean [9:01 AM]: Even if you're an annoying shit.
The bachelor party is. Well, it’s a bachelor party.
“Alright.” Dean can hear Cas walk back into the living room and takes that as his cue that it’s safe to change out of his jeans as well. Safe. As if he would’ve cared much if Cas had come inside. But again crossing lines and boundaries and all that shit.
Cas blinks. “What?”
“We took his car and he assured me that he’d ask Eileen to come here if need be.” Cas glances over, wets his lips. “Letting you leave by yourself didn’t seem like a good idea to me. To us.”
After a while, he had started to notice when things had outstayed their welcome. Cas would pick them up, place them somewhere else and repeat but they never found a new home in their space. When Dean found him doing it with something he’d grown fond of himself for the first time — a tiny lego angel a kid had gifted Cas — he’d offered an empty shoe box with flaming cheeks and no defense ready. He’d gotten another kiss for that and for each one after. The shoebox had grown into two with time, stuck underneath their bed.
Dean [12:38 AM]: Where are you?
Charlie [12:18 PM]: I was hoping he wanted to grovel at your feet.
There's an obvious pause, too long and yet not long enough before he replies, "Sure." The trunk shuts, and he can hear Sam walking to the passenger door.
Dean [2:27 AM]: The only thing that’s in the way is me still being hung up on him. But if I tell him he at least knows where I stand. He could make his decision then and if he’s in, it won’t be just my fault for fucking it up again.
Cas [11:17 PM]: Deal :D
“One of the guys saw the driver come up to the shop and then turn tail a while ago. Figured there was an issue. You up for checking on him?”
The words are unexpected, too rational. Too Cas. Dean fumbles his own, “I- No. I don't know.”
He blinks.
"I don't want to be a badly kept secret. I can't do that. Not with you."
And then without any further warning, Cas steps backward and pulls Dean with him. It’s an odd sensation, losing the ground under his feet and tilting forward a little but not falling. It doesn’t come close to the swooping stomach actual flying causes him but it’s still weird. He can hear Cas huff a breath behind him, holding on and on and on — it’s a feat for Dean to not comment on the fact that Cas is basically holding him up here — and then the hands on him are letting go, pushing him away without warning and he’s lurching forward. He makes a noise, a mix between a laugh and an embarrassing squeak at the sudden movement, and then he’s already swinging back and Cas is pushing him forward again.
Dean [5:25 PM]: Doesn’t mean I don’t have things going on as well.
“I was just changing the channel. It caught my attention,” Cas says and regards him with a flat look, that makes Dean huff with — mostly fake — annoyance. He takes his space next to Cas on the couch again, knee knocking into Cas's foot, and fuck it he’s going to sit as close as he wants if Cas won’t protest.
"Okay. Good. Great." He bumps into the baking sheet and it bangs loudly into the backsplash. He makes a face.
The words are out before he can even consider why it’s not a good idea. It’s as if he’s lost all of his common sense somewhere in the emotional mess today has been. His skin prickles uncomfortably with the ghost of his father’s touch and he can feel his own nails digging painfully into the flesh of his palms but has no idea when he started doing that. He very consciously unclenches his hands.
Oliver's voice rings loud and clear through the living room and it's followed by a gut-wrenching sob.
And sure enough, a few minutes later a woman comes bursting through a door off to the side, a clipboard in hand and glasses pushed onto her head. She glances at them before frowning down at her clipboard once more. “Family of John Winchester?”
“But you showed me his texts.”
“Are you going to stay?” He tilts his head, brown eyes big in his little face.
Encl.
"Oh." A pause, more rustling. "Should I call back later?"
Clearly, it’s no surprise why Cas said no if he couldn’t even trust Dean enough to let him take care of him.
Dean barely makes it into one of the stalls of the men’s room at the other end of the waiting area before he’s throwing up his breakfast.
. But no, nothing did. It was just a fluke and happy coincidences. But it’s still not actual anger bubbling under Dean’s skin but it’s close, so close that he turns and slams the door of the microwave shut with a little too much force. The noise reverberates in the otherwise silent kitchen. His throat feels dry when he says, “And why does being an adult mean, I don’t get to take comfort in something?”
He really hadn’t expected it to be so difficult to find his footing today.
It’d be fine because he’s due for another crying session — everything’s been too okay, too detached from him the past two weeks — and today has been building up to a breakdown spectacularly. He’s earned it.
“How did you-”
Dean [10:39 PM]: I'm not upset.
“You told me you talked to Sam about this. You lied to me.”
Dean [2:30 PM]: Oh but I do.
Cas [8:43 PM]: That means a lot to me.
He swallows down the third name popping into his head and how heavy his chest feels all of a sudden.
Dean flips the envelope over, heart stuttering at the sight of it having been opened already —
“I wasn’t expecting to…,” Cas starts and then trails off, frown growing on his face.
“Dude, you're running dry. You're literally bitching about Milton not being nice when she's barely even given you an actual compliment on your work before. So take a break. Forget about work for a second and do something just for you.”
It’s ten in the morning and Dean would give everything to not be stuck at the garage right now. Surprisingly though, it’s not because of the fact that he can hear his father talking to a customer on the other side of the garage. Hiding away in the office is nice and all but in reality Dean should feel comfortable to be wherever the hell he wants to be no matter what his father is doing. It’s his right or something and he’s working on it. Which is the exact reason why he’s working on a car despite his father being here.
Charlie [10:50 AM]: Do you want to have another movie night this weekend?
“Very funny, Dean.” Jo rolls her eyes at him but there's a smile on her face. “Back to the day after though. I'm assuming you haven’t asked for the day off yet.”
“In private.” He nods, more to himself than them, because even saying that part feels right, makes him feel better about keeping quiet about it at the airport. “Probably over the phone if things continue like they're right now.”
Charlie tuts at him, while she flicks through the hangers on a clothing rack. He’s got no idea if he’s looking at dresses or pantsuits but the colors are way too bright. “I’m sure it fits just fine. But maybe try on a new one? Just for the sake of, you know, fun and indulging yourself. Feeling fancy.”
“Oh no. The channel moved on to dinosaurs a while ago. Did you know that some had feathers?”
Cas [4:40 PM]: It’s not a stuffed animal, Dean. It’s a grain pillow that looks like a bee.
“It’s Garth’s bachelor party. He’s getting married on Saturday. But I don’t even know half the people here.”
Why does everybody always expect it to be him?
Dean [7:08 PM]: Can I call you after dinner?
“Right.” Dean can't help the humorless chuckle that escapes him but when he feels the way Cas's hand tenses against him, he bites down on it. “Sorry.”
Cleaning up the remnants of his measly breakfast of coffee and toast — it’s his own damn fault for not going grocery shopping yesterday — is quick and he considers the last sips of coffee in the machine for a moment before he decides against them, letting them slip down the drain as well. There’ll be fresh coffee at Bobby’s anyway. “Are you leaving early?” The question startles Dean enough that he flinches before he can catch himself and he blinks over towards the entryway of the kitchen. His father is standing there, one hand braced against the doorframe and the other clutching onto a crutch. He looks sleep rumpled and tired still but that’s fine because he’s just woken up and by normal standards, he’s still getting up early. It’s not like Dean can fault him for sleeping just because he’s the main reason Dean can’t.
Dinner is chaotic, loud, and happy. There's always somebody talking, laughing. There's some arguing because that's inevitable with their whole group so rarely getting together like this. But it's always good-natured and no one's holding grudges. And there are tears from laughter and even some emotional ones.
And then Dean’s sitting there, mouth open and staring at them like he didn't just bare his deepest secret to them. Though it’s not really a secret. He just never said it out loud before. Certainly didn’t think he’d say it today of all days. A foot hits his shin and he flinches, blinks. The girls are still looking at him, wide-eyed but now both smiling. They look a little insane. He feels a little insane. All that comes out of his mouth is, “I really do.”
Something akin to pity flashes in Sam’s eyes. “It’d be okay if you were, you know.”
“Just think about it. Hell, it’d even be fine if you wait until you can ask him in person.”
“Hell, I’m not kicking you out, kid.” Bobby nudges his hat back and scratches at his head before tugging his hat back into place. “I’m not your old man.”
Dean [5:41 PM]: Man I wish I could see your face right now.
and really, Dean’s in no state to even touch that one, so he lets it slip right out of his fingers again.
An "I love you"
It takes a second for him to get an answer and he licks his lips, lets Miracle outside, and watches her press her nose to the ground, picking up the scent of something and then following it into the darkness.
Dean [3:27 PM]: And that stupidly warm sweater.
Cas swallows heavily, eyes turning glassy when he breathes, “Of course.” and Dean hates it.
He whines, hand not wrapped around Cas' shoulder - clutching onto him like a lifeline - moving over his arms and chest but not quite touching, not sure where to settle. But it finds it's place on his cheek again in the end. A safe space. One where he touched again and again and it is familiar, except this time Cas isn't coming back to him but leaving him and Dean breathes in, in, in. He can't focus, everything in his mind scrambling over itself, yelling at him.
Dean shatters.
He can feel himself shrink in on himself, can feel the way his hands are shaking where they're still clutching onto the pillow. He fumbles his own steps, bumps into the door jamb and he pauses, looks back at his father.
Charlie [11:49 PM]: You are in for a treat!!!
Cas laughs. It’s dry and sarcastic and it hurts. “I’ll let you air your grievances first then.”
Cas drops to the ground, rag doll limbs and trench coat sprawling underneath him.
Dean [8:41 PM]: It was hard enough to get him to stop talking about you when you weren’t around.
"Goodnight, Cas."
“To what? See me here?” Dean finishes for him, can’t keep the sarcasm out of his voice because seriously, of all things he could say. “You do know where we are, right? And that I live here?”
“Does it matter?”
Dean [1:17 PM]: You have no idea.
He nods again, ducks his head a little, and appears almost sheepish. “I think there are a few things we should work on before. Like not jumping to conclusions and communicating better.”
Cas [8:45 PM]: I mean if you’d be up for that?
Sam [10:40 PM]: Deal.
“Okay,” he takes a steadying breath and nods his head. He’s still sitting on the floor where they were peacefully looking through books a few minutes ago. Until Oliver had asked if they could call Cas for a story. Until Dean had to make good on his promise to Sam and own up to their new reality. “Totally get that one, buddy. But it's not nice to say that.”
Cas [10:09 PM]: Of my dissertation I mean.
Cas is flushed, eyes heavy-lidded and unfocused and his fingers are now digging into Dean's arm like he's drowning - not in water but his own mind - and his mouth is hanging open, drawing breaths but he swallows around the air like he can't catch it in any way. Still, he nods, the tiniest of movement.
“Like you don't know what’s wrong.”
He knows Cas will take enjoyment out of seeing it. Especially his appropriate use of emojis. And he's comfortable with this much. No one will probably question this. It's Twitter. He's posted weirder stuff.
Warning for John Winchester being a dick.
But with nothing from Cas, Dean apparently has to bring it up first. Again. Because technically he already brought it up. Except this time it feels like walking himself to the gallows, even worse than writing and going through the ordeal of actually sending the letter. Not because he thinks he will get a no for both questions — maybe one of them if he’s being pessimistic — but overall he’s pretty positive about this except for where he just doesn’t want to wait any longer because he hates feeling like it’s still a secret when it shouldn’t be anymore. But he will be forced to wait if he doesn’t at least ask if the letter arrived. He can't really lose any more sleep over this than he already has. He can’t really afford to lose any more sleep period — if he thought his dreams were bad before, they are nothing compared to the more recent ones.
“It’s a short month,” he mumbles and rubs a hand over his face. A short month that he spent hopeful and waiting until he got the floor ripped out from underneath his feet without warning and if he ever thought he had experienced all kinds of emotions before, he had learned that day that, no, in fact, there was another one he hadn’t had the pleasure to live through yet. Because as it turned out, vast and utter emptiness is a pretty strong emotion right there.
Cas tugs on him, hands wrapped around his hips, and pulls him off the counter. Dean follows willingly, bumps into him because Cas doesn't move an inch, leaves little to no space for Dean between the counter and his own, firm and oh so warm body. He swallows audibly, can see how Cas's eyes dip down to his lips again. It's so damn tempting. And Dean is a weak man.
And why is it so damn easy to always give in to what other people expect of him?
way that always falls on flat ears.
"We've waited years, Cas." He wants it to sound petulant and annoyed but it comes out way too breathy and sounds so not like him. "You think we don't deserve to not wait any longer?"
Dean [7:50 PM]: You free right now?
Then there's “Should we move outside?” and “It's nearly midnight. Maybe we should wake him,” and “Let him sleep, he's exhausted,” and he's missing the point because he nods off again.
And really a fraction of time here and there for his own enjoyment is better than nothing at all. So he’s going to make the most of it.
Sam [5:33 PM]: Dean?
For as long as he can remember, he never really created chaos. At first, he couldn’t with the few belongings he’d been lugging around with him. And even when his father finally could bring himself to settle down again, even when Dean had gotten around to actually owning things, actually having unnecessary stuff and clutter filling his space, it just never became an issue. He’s sure that some of his need for tidiness had come from being under his father’s watchful eyes and not wanting to set him off. Most of it though was all his own want to keep something in his life simple and straight. The tidiness of his room — of the whole house really — was something he could control. Something everybody let him have without question — though Sam did leave his fair share of chaos in his wake as a kid.
Dean Winchester
“So am I.”
Suddenly everything makes so much sense again and Dean’s going to fucking cry. All the things not adding up — saying no but not breaking up, most importantly — do now and clearly,
from Sam that makes something loosen in Dean’s chest, makes him sink back further into the hard plastic of the backrest. He won’t be here by himself much longer and things are going to be okay. Maybe not today or tomorrow but they will be. Dean closes his eyes, breathes, and waits.
“You know, I was considering actually being nice this year, what's with the stroke and all.”
Needless to say that Dean’s kind of pissed at himself at the moment.
Cas's eyes crinkle with his smile and then Dean's got an armful of him and they both breathe in, in, in, and cling to the other. There's the call for some flight overhead but all Dean can focus on is his own heartbeat and Cas's shaky exhale when his lips press against his neck, just below his ear.
Cas [10:01 PM]: Send it.
“It wouldn’t feel right to give money to your competition,” Cas says, eyes too wide and fixed so intently on him, that Dean feels himself shiver.
Cas [8:25 PM]: And for doing it for free.
But no, this time his bad mood stems solely from running into Cas.
Charlie [8:08 AM]: But won’t save you from me barging into your uncle’s place if you don’t drop by the cafe sometime this week.
Another sigh, his phone burns itself into his thigh. Too silent and too reproachful. It's unfair that he's sitting here. It's even more unfair that he's being an ass about it. He lowers his eyes to the table and picks at the label on the bottle. “Argument with Cas.”
Her smile doesn’t quite reach her eyes when she looks back at him. “If you need to talk about it-”
Then there’s also that treacherous part of his mind that knows he wouldn’t be able to get it out anyway because he’s still hung up on Cas and knows he would carve like a house of cards when hearing his voice. So he yells at that part instead. Mentally, mostly.
Bobby shrugs his shoulders, takes a big sip from his cup. “Furniture, apartments. You know the usual stuff you could use to build a life.”
His "I thought you'd text me?" comes out a little too breathless. Because if Cas's still outside - probably walking back to his hotel - it means he called as soon as he got away from whatever he was doing this evening. His heart may skip a beat at that thought. Traitor.
“Oh.”
is implied.
Dean sent the letter on the 4th of February.
Dean [6:06 PM]: Can’t make a 20+ hour drive twice during a weekend. But half the trip’s doable, so he’ll meet me somewhere around Columbus.
Dean [5:26 AM]: Go to bed.
Twenty minutes later — here he thought he could pick out his sizes blindfolded but turns out he can’t — he’s stepping out of the dressing room for the first time. He tugs at the cuffs of the shirt, does a little twirl for the sake of the girls who show their appreciation by clapping a bit too loudly (Charlie) and whistling at him (Jo). Then he actually takes a look at himself in the mirror because he might as well.
"Everything okay?"
With a grunt, Dean forces himself up, reaches for the glass of whiskey on the nightstand, and downs it.
Dean [10:21 PM]: Someone I know?
“A polite hello and thank you should be enough for today.”
Dean [10:15 PM]: Awesome.
Cas [10:02 PM]: I'll get to it once I've fought through this chapter.
“Want me to remind you that you’re the one that’s got the doctorate, doctor? Nothing you say is gonna sound stupid.” Dean knows it’s cheap but hearing the hitch in Cas's breath and feeling his own stomach trip over itself is a fair price to get an honest answer.
Sam [1:16 PM]: You want to talk about it?
That Cas is actually there when he pulls up to it — sitting on one of the swings and looking a tad bit creepy with his trench coat billowing in the wind — is a fucking miracle. Again they haven’t been here that many times and one of them was in the middle of the night so it’s not like Cas had much to go on to get here again. But he did. And he looks up when Dean slams the car door behind him a little too harshly but he doesn’t care, he needs to be where Cas is now.
After a moment Cas gently tugs on his hand, brings him back to the seat he’d been in. Dean goes without complaint, settles back into the chair, and feels Cas's knee press into his leg when he sits next to him. It’s a familiar warmth. It’s grounding. Dean keeps his eyes on Sam’s back, even if he can barely make him out now. “I don’t know how he did it last time. Sitting here and waiting. He didn’t even call me before he knew something.”
Dean [11:52 PM]: The food kind?
“He said no.” Her words aren’t a question because clearly it’s the only option there is with how things are right now. Despite that she looks surprised, disbelieving almost. At the beginning of the year, he would have been right there with her. Now he knows better and all he can offer is another shrug of his shoulders.
“You’ve gone soft, Dean. But it seems like all it took was you breaking up with that boy to get some fight back. Good for you, keep it that way.” His father looks him over once more, nods more to himself than at Dean, and then continues his way downstairs.
“Well, what is it?”
Cas instantly quietens, voice tapering off on the tale end of his musings. Even from where Dean’s staring resolutely ahead it’s obvious how his eyebrows scrunch up and he tilts his head. “Is something wrong?”
“Nope.”
________
or you know, any snarky comment about it at any point since March. Now that he knows that all this time Dean thought Cas didn’t want him when it’s — hopefully — so far from the truth.
Dean slumps further against the window frame, closes his eyes, and allows himself to pretend that it’s not just old times, that this is real.
Cas speaking up again interrupts Dean’s thoughts. “I would have gone inside but I saw your father.”
“Dean,” she whines, tries jumping once, and nearly manages to knock the phone from his grip. She wobbles a little and he reaches out to steady her. She’s a lot drunker than him. She lowers her voice to a whisper, or what must sound like a whisper to her but is very much still normal voice levels. “I don’t want you to get hurt.”
"You've experienced this before."
“Promise,” Cas says and this time he kisses Dean.
“Sure,” Jo says and Charlie adds, “We’ll do you one better.”
“Were you now?” Dean forces himself upright again, and Cas's hand slips up to his neck, squeezes gently and then falls away. There's been an unspoken agreement between his father and Cas that their conversations just never make it past polite small talk and everybody knows that they should under no circumstances be left alone with each other for too long. For both their sakes. And Dean's. Mostly his actually. He’s pretty sure he’d be the first one to go if he caught his father and Cas in an actual fight.
Dean [6:14 PM]: Thank you.
The light's not bright, barely manages to spill out of the seems of the blackness, but it's so very much there in the ominous semidarkness of the dungeoun that it makes Dean's heart freeze all over again. For a second he hopes. For a second he wishes.
Dean blinks, focuses his attention back on Oliver — his cheeks are flushed bright red from the cold and they probably should head back soon because Sam will kill him if he gets the kid sick — who’s waving at him, squirming around on the swing so much that the only thing keeping him from slipping off is Cas's hands covering his on the chains.
“Newspaper,” Dean mumbles and takes another sip of his coffee. He taps his pen against the paper.
"This is the second time you made me cry today, Dean. I don't appreciate it."
He's sure that if he really wanted to, if he tried just a little, he could find someone, could work at having this with someone. Even if just partially.
“Shut your mouth, Charlene.” He actually feels his ears start burning, which is just ridiculous, and he brings up the beer once more to gulp down half of it. She’s right though. Sex usually is their go-to gift in combination with a lazy morning in bed if they can manage because Cas doesn’t do well with both the attention and the pressure that expected gifts bring with them. So they do sex or nothing beyond words, and gifts are instead a random occurrence during the year — like the grain pillow last week. But it's not like sex is what Dean’s after here. And it seems to be written all over his face as well.
It takes a few minutes into the drive for any actual conversation to pick up again, Oliver still a little quiet. And Dean. Well, Dean is weak. He swallows the question down two times but on the third time he glances back, Oliver’s watching him, and shit he just really wants to know what the kid was talking about. “So you saw Uncle Cas?”
Cas [3:46 PM]: Are you insinuating that we're ice skating? Because no.
"How about getting food, Dean?"
"And so can you if you want it." Dean moves before Cas can protest and then he's kneeling on the couch right next to him, grabbing his hands and squeezing them. "But what do you want, Cas?"
It takes another moment for him to continue. “I’m not sure what I want anymore.”
"23rd around noon. We should be home around 10."
"Well, what do you want us to be?"
He swallows it down. “But you’re stupid. There’s no world in which that would have been an issue for me. Not a single one. Keeping people, you included, fed is something I like doing, alright? And if you telling me had ended with me annoying you three times a day just to make sure you eat, whatever. It’s not like talking to you is a hardship.”
Leaving Cas outside the airport is impossible so Dean doesn’t even bother trying. Instead, he tags along as far as he can, clinging to his hand like a child afraid to get lost.
Another Christmas song starts softly playing from the radio on the fridge when Cas steps back into the kitchen. They exchange a look and he wordlessly steps up next to him and picks up a dish towel to start drying the dishes.
After a second Cas shakes his head and squints at him, mouth turned into a disapproving frown. "Well then be a good boy and keep it in your pants for one night. Might even make it better."
he says like it’s a given they’ll be staying in contact. Dean tips his head back and squeezes his eyes shut, wills the tears away that have started to collect. “Will you really?”
Dean [10:16 PM]: That’s good.
“That was once,” Dean says, feels the heat crawl up his back. He remembers that the promise of sex was involved in Cas's coercion quite clearly. His body seems to remember as well and maybe sex would convince him to get to space. Zero gravity surely would make it interesting. He needs to focus. “But I did that for Oliver. Not you.”
“Only if you keep me company after.”
And there's that look on Sam's face, like he's about to say something, question him, not leave. But then he smiles, shrugs his shoulders, says "Yeah, sure." and disappears.
“See you tomorrow, Oliver,” she says, then focuses back on Dean. She gives him a smile that’s a little more than friendly and a tad bit too obvious. “Hoping to see you around as well, Dean.”
This time when Cas doesn't respond, Dean stays quiet as well. Because yeah it does matter. To Dean a lot and to Cas probably not in the slightest. It’s exactly why they ended up here.
And that’s how Dean finds himself sitting on a more or less cold swing seat, the metal of the chains biting into the bare skin of his hands and Cas’s hands tucked firmly around his waist while he stands a little too close. Oliver is standing off to the side underneath the frame of the swingset, grinning and paying too much attention for how flushed Dean feels.
Dean [5:25 AM]: Don’t sass me. It’s too early for that.
Oliver zips his lips, eyes alight with the fun of a secret. He continues talking a second later, “Why?”
Dean [12:43 AM]: No.
“Because it hasn’t been in the same damn cupboard since I was ten?”
“Fuck!”
Turns out he really didn't have to worry about that.
Sam [9:23 PM]: No.
“I fucked up,” are Dean's first words down the line when Cas finally picks up with a disoriented greeting. There are tears of frustration burning in his eyes and his forehead hurts where he's pressing it against the steering wheel. He's been sitting in the Impala on the side of the road for twenty minutes now. Simply needing to get out and have some space — room to breathe and cry and make sense of this without judgment — after he'd driven his father back home and finished making the calls he needed to.
It’s not a question but the words are filled with the familiar warmth of concern anyway. It makes Dean falter, his face slipping and his heart skipping. He doesn’t think any of his exes ever worried about him after breaking up. Certainly not when they were the ones initiating the break-up. But then again this is Cas. Standards rarely apply to him as far as Dean is concerned. So he shrugs his shoulders, lets his eyes drop to the hood. He watches a ladybug crawl across it. “We haven’t talked much after he- since I left.”
Dean [7:51 PM]: Oliver wants a bedtime story from his “favorite Uncle”.
"Okay." Jack shrugs his shoulders and disappears into the living room and by the excitement he's met with, Dean knows they have a few minutes left before someone will come looking for them.
Sam [1:15 PM]: What changed your mind?
“Then let's go home.”
Dean [10:04 PM]: I'll make sure to include other pick-me-ups with the email then.
And why he did that.
. By the time Dean had finally been home, he’d already snuck two glasses of Whiskey during his shift at the Roadhouse and by the time Charlie had shown up, he’d already downed another and was pouring his forth. He’d been set on getting drunk to some extent because of what a day it had been and he deserved five minutes of forgetting. Then there was also the fact that he knew they’d talk about it and that he’d end up crying at some point and he really just wanted the excuse to claim any possible blubbering on the alcohol.
Dean [12:21 PM]: Ran into him while shopping for a wedding present.
“Because of me,” Dean repeats and looks at Cas like he’s grown a second head.
There's some shuffling and then Cas's hand is on his back. Warm, big, comforting. “Did he do anything?”
Sam [1:15 PM]: Of course.
And oh, didn’t that set a bunch of butterflies loose in Dean’s stomach when Cas reached out three times in a row after Dean thought the conversation was done and over already and was prepared to slip back into moping. But Cas seemed adamant on wrangling stupid tidbits about the past few months from him. All safe topics — Oliver, movies, friends, and family (save for his father) — nothing that should spark unpleasant memories, nothing that would lead to too much bite or an end to their texting. But it’s a conversation just the same and one interjected with pictures and jokes and sarcasm. A freakishly normal conversation Dean could see himself exchanging with most of the people he considers close. It’s as if they are testing the waters between them and all things considered they are surprisingly peaceful.
There had never been any of the force-feeding he’d offered at the beginning but he’d at least readily provided cooked meals and knock-off Tupperware containers to take with whenever possible. There’d been more than one occasion where he’d been reminded of cooking dinner for Sam except this time no one needed to go hungry. And if Cas had ever seemed to even hesitate to eat more than given to him as a first helping, Dean had readily refilled his own plate and offered more to him, making clear that there was plenty to go around.
The fridge door closes again and suddenly he’s face to face with his father, who’s holding jelly and butter in his free hand and who meets his gaze like he expects him to argue about this. “What?” There’s a bite to his voice now and while Dean pulls himself up straight automatically, he doesn’t feel the need to worry or defend since there seems to be no reason to. Still, there’s the distinct feeling of wrong that goes along with it that makes him avert his eyes. “Nothing. I must’ve gotten it mixed up then.”
Sam [5:41 PM]: You are such an asshole.
At least he can be certain now that the letter’s safe and sound with Cas and that he’s getting an answer. It makes his heart a little lighter and the butterflies in his stomach a lot more nervous.
“You should drink some more water and head to bed.”
He forces his eyes open while fishing for his phone underneath himself. For a split second he's confused why it won't turn on, then remembers actively shutting it off.
“I haven’t asked him yet,” he says and shrugs his shoulders.
“What?” Cas's voice is low, scratchy in the way it only gets when he's just woken up. Oh, what Dean would give to be next to him right now, have it directed at himself in the grumbly
He’s in the middle of the hallway, out in the open and still too many steps away from his own room, when his father steps out of the study at the end of the hall. Though study is just a fancy word for a storage room with a desk, a bookshelf, and a whole lot of boxes crammed in, it is very much his father’s space and holds barely any fond memories for Dean. He actually vividly remembers getting yelled at for snooping through some of the stuff in there as a teenager. He’d just been looking for old pictures.
By the time he’s as high as he could possibly get, Cas has long since moved aside and plucked Oliver off the ground. His scarf is still all askew and he looks ruffled, nose red and smile wide and with Oliver’s own cheek pressed against his, Dean wants to kiss him just as badly as he wants to marry him. In fact, he could do at least one of those right now.
He whispers, “Take care, sunshine,” and then he flees.
“You're insane. Completely and utterly insane,” Dean mumbles into the sliver of space between them. His own heart is jackrabbiting away in his chest but even through that, he can clearly feel how normal Cas's heart rate is.
“I believe you.” And now Cas looks away, expression incredibly sad but there’s guilt there too. His next words come out low and like a secret. “I can't say it back. I do but I can't- you hurt me and I know I'm to blame here, too, but that you believed I'd say no to you without explaining myself that's- Dean.” Cas's voice has taken on a desperate quality and Dean finally gives in to the tears, closes his eyes. “That makes this worse.”
Charlie [12:28 PM]: I’m bringing pie.
“I don’t remember getting a letter from you.” Cas flips the letter over in his hands, stares at it for a moment longer, and seems to finally take note of the stamp and sticker from the postal service on it. He looks back up. “It didn’t get to me.”
He fucked up bad.
Still, he deserves to know, deserves to know that Dean’s feelings for him are a constant and not something he has to worry about with everything else going on. Even when he isn’t there to tell him —
Dean [6:20 PM]: I seem to have uh misplaced the invitation during my move.
And then there’s the third option. The one that makes Dean’s grip on the wrench he’s holding tighten and the edges of it dig painfully into his palm.
Cas hums in agreement, then says, “And you?”
They're trying though and that’s what counts.
Oliver signs, “Yes,” and finally seems to get some of his energy back, leaning out of his car seat and into Dean’s arms. He squeezes the kid once, presses a kiss to his head.
Cas lips quirk up. “I suppose.”
Cas [6:14 PM]: Send me the list when you have it and I’ll let you know when I’m done.
“Words, Dean.”
He leans forward and grins at her, well aware that she’ll make true of her threat. For what it's worth he doesn’t care. “Do I detect a little jealousy, Joanna Beth? Does your mother not pick you over your coworkers?”
“I'm not sure I'm following.” Sam's looking at him weird and certainly not at all as on board as he should be. Why does his brother always need to go the extra mile on this? He did it the first time, too, after their father had thrown a fit about the option of professional home care, and Sam had tried to figure out why Dean just went with it. He left Sam hanging back then. He'll do a little better now if only because he's so fucking tired.
Jo stares back at him, lips pursed and eyes narrowed. “Yes, the bachelor party for Garth. Because he’s getting married.” When he just continues staring, she adds, “The one that we promised to get shit faced at so he doesn’t look too ridiculous?”
Sam [10:12 PM]: Are you ever going to tell any of us why it's April and dad's better than ever but you're still here?
“Even the best friend part?” Dean’s voice cracks. “Despite everything?”
________
Cas doesn't seem too upset about being ignored though, because while Dean moves from the bar back to the part of the group they came here with and joins their conversation, he can feel his phone buzz against his leg from time to time. It’s a stark reminder of when they first became friends and if Dean’s honest, it feels good. He hadn’t really realized it after the break-up — well maybe he had but he never wanted to admit it — but over the last week, it became very clear how much he missed being somebody’s first choice, somebody’s first thought. And maybe he’s being unfair to his friends and family, who do invite him out and ask after him and enjoy having him around but it’s not like he didn’t notice how the frequency of that tapered off after it became clear that one, him being in Lawrence was not a novelty anymore and two, he was not in immediate need of distraction after the break-up anymore. He’s also very aware that it takes two but again, he’s not complaining openly, just aware of it.
“Thank you.” Dean closes the door behind him as quietly as he can, doesn't want to disturb Oliver from his sleep again. It was difficult enough to get him to settle down today with him keyed up about his birthday already despite it still being a few days off. It's the only reason why he even decided to go the unfair route of enlisting Cas's help. It's the only reason why he reached out.
“Good. It was good,” Dean says. He furrows his brow. “Actually. I have no idea. I was thinking about you the whole day.”
He’s already going about his day again, opening a cabinet to reach for something. Like nothing happened, like he didn’t just fuck with Dean’s head. He actually looks content.
A laugh bursts out of him without him being able to do anything against it and then he's full-belly laughing, hiding his face in his hands and eyes tearing up. He feels giddy with the pure excitement of having said it for the first damn time. It feels good, it feels right. Fuck he's so gone on Cas. And drunk. He's really drunk. Both on love and alcohol.
"Cas." It's all Dean can say. It feels like a warning, like a 'please don't do this to me.' Because for a moment there, he feels like maybe he misunderstood, that he's getting this wrong, that Cas is just talking about this as family, as friends but then he actually says it.
"Am I allowed to ask now what you were up to?"
Dean [10:09 PM]: Dad and I had an argument. That’s it.
He shoots Jo a glare and she raises her hands in a shrug before she wanders off a little further into the store.
“Have you thought about how you're going to ask him?”
“Dad broke something in his foot and he’s supposed to stay off of it. The doctor said it'll take at least six weeks to fully heal.” Every breath burns in his throat. If he hadn’t stayed in bed, if he hadn’t for once decided to try and go back to sleep after waking too early, maybe he could’ve- “I called into work and they told me they have to let me go if I don't come back by December.”
“Well,”-a shaky inhale-“let me know when you figure it out and can tell me where you need your things.”
Folding the letter and slipping it back into the envelope is made unnecessarily difficult by the tears blurring his vision and dripping down his nose. What doesn’t help either is the fact that the letter was open, to begin with, is making his hands shake with anger. That his father — because it couldn’t have been anyone else — laid his fingers on this, read at least some part of this, and never thought it relevant to give it back to Dean. Actively must have decided against returning it and showing, what would have been the tiniest bit of growth and love for his own fucking son by supporting the future of his relationship. He might as well be the sole reason Dean fucked up the best thing he had. He might as well be dead to Dean then and if he even so much as dares to ask him for any help, any support, or even just a visit in the near future, Dean will fucking shatter the last part of himself, that’s arguing for keeping his father around, into a million pieces and never look at it again.
“Dean.”
"Cas, I was joking."
Not the healthiest but counts as a vegetable. Dean closes the book, places it back onto the shelf. He’ll make more of an effort next time. He turns back to Oliver, who's found his way to the kitchen table and has climbed onto one of the chairs. “Only if you're not going to tell your dad, alright?”
Dean [3:28 PM]: I’m sorry.
Dean [2:24 AM]: Or call them your best friend to their face.
Dean knows this and even if he isn’t the biggest fan of buttering people up to get things, he’s taken advantage of it a few times. It was how he got his job back in Boston and it’s how he not only ended up working at Bobby’s garage but also living with him.
It’s a stupid excuse because it’s not true — he forgot stealing it from Cas but he didn’t forget it belonging to him in the first place — but it seems to be enough because Cas nods, all earnest and understanding, like this isn’t a show of how stupidly attached Dean still is to him. He’s sure there’s an unwritten rule book on break-ups and keeping your ex’s old clothes is definitely not allowed. He’s also pretty sure Cas has no care for said rule book and he’s proven right when Cas says, “It’s alright. I figured I missorted a few things while packing your boxes.”
Dean [8:27 PM]: Well, I didn’t want to.
The next time Dean becomes aware enough of anything again it’s a hand that’s gently shaking his shoulder and disrupting his sleep. He can feel its warmth even through his sweatshirt and in between that and the solid feeling of a body underneath his cheek he’d rather stay right here. So he presses his face forward on instinct, nuzzles his nose into the warmth, and inhales.
“I’m watching this,” he says and then without even looking at him, Cas tugs hard enough to make Dean tip sideways and into him like it’s nothing. “You’ll be asleep in five minutes anyway.”
and why did he even say that? Sure, it’s the fair thing. The high road. But for what it's worth, it sucks a lot more than waiting for an answer the first time around. And maybe he’s still checking his phone every five minutes or so but who can blame him? This is kind of a life and death situation to him. To Cas not so much. Or maybe he’s really got to think about this. Which again is fair — Dean did break his heart after all — but if he’s actually still in love with Dean, then shouldn’t the answer be easy? Or you know, if Dean’s misinterpreted everything so far and Cas is not in love with him anymore, shouldn’t the answer be even easier? Though maybe this is him trying to figure out a way to let Dean down gently. As if there’s any way this rejection wouldn’t hurt like a bitch.
Something in Cas's features softens, makes him look younger, makes him look fond and Dean’s heart skips a beat. Cas gestures towards the empty swing next to him. “Sit?”
Dean [2:18 AM]: How do I bring that up to Cas?
Dean [8:25 AM]: Again, sorry.
That this isn't where it ends but where it starts. That when he pulls back, Cas will stirr and blink up at him, confusion in his eyes and a questioning "Dean?" because weren't they just fighting Death. And no, no everything worked out. Billie's dead, the Empty gone and now there's only God left. And they've come so far, they'll go so much further. They can figure that one out, too. They can figure them out before or after or inbetween.
, Dean’s traitorous heart supplies — and it’s comforting enough that Dean lets himself slump against the frame of the window, lets himself tuck the blanket tighter around himself. He accepts the glass of water Cas brings him a moment later. His mind floats between being blank from crying and circling back to his father, to Sam, to last year while he sips it. When Cas places a pot filled with water on the stove, Dean says, “You know, for a second today I hoped dad wouldn’t make it.”
But now that he’s already looking without being scrutinized in return, he can’t help but take stock of how his father looks. As far as Dean can see he seems healthy, if admittedly rougher around the edges and with darker circles underneath his eyes than Dean’s seen on him in a while. But they could simply stem from lack of sleep which can have so many factors that aren’t strictly health-related. The heat, stress, drinking. He’s sure it’s just one of the simpler things for once.
Soon, Dean promises himself.
Cas [6:01 PM]: What about furniture?
“Are you crying?” Charlie’s voice startles him and he knocks his elbow into the backrest in his haste to straighten up. Pain zaps through his arm.
Sam [9:05 PM]: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
He just thought Dean had.
Sam [10:27 PM]: When were you gonna tell us?
He shrugs his shoulders, motions to his phone without showing her the screen. He knows for a fact that she wouldn’t let him leave if she saw who was calling. “I’ll be outside for a minute.”
“I’m good,” Dean says, doesn’t bother sliding out from underneath the car, even if his stomach has been complaining for a while now. But he’s nearly done here and then he can hide in the back office for a bit and cool down a little. “Brought something from home.”
Charlie [3:25 PM]: Are you drunk?
Dean presses his eyes shut, tucking the phone closer to his ear, and tries focusing on where Cas is musing about the newest book he found to use as a reference for his dissertation. It's ten in the evening. He was supposed to be done for the night.
Dean [1:37 AM]: Because you know, I remembered it being your birthday.
“Thank you.”
The man startles, flinches even, and rightens himself and then he’s looking at Dean, and Dean can feel his mouth dry up.
"You tell me." Dean huffs a laugh, rubs a hand over his face. "I kind of thought we would, you know."
The heavy silence stretches too long. “You told Sam yet?”
“Worse,” she says and unapologetically shrugs her shoulders when he makes a face at her. “Have you tried sleeping?”
The laughter gets stuck in his throat when instead of just unbuckling and trying again, Cas actually gets out of the car, slamming the door a little too harshly behind himself. He blinks at Dean across the hood, frown tugging at his lips. “Someone gave me directions. I didn’t know I’d end up here.”
Charlie [10:59 AM]: Yes. But only because I love you.
Dean [12:39 AM]: I can see that, genius.
Something clicks for Dean then and suddenly he knows exactly what to give Cas for Christmas. It's honestly an awesome idea and it won't even be that difficult to make. He's up, slipping into his jacket in record time and nearly out of the door when he pauses, turns back around, and smiles at Bobby. "You're the best, Bobby."
“And you’re sure it still fits?” Jo eyes him, eyebrows raised. “I mean, that’s what, three years? How many times have you worn it since then?”
The air escapes Dean’s lips with a heavy sigh. He goes cross-eyed when Cas's finger drags down the bridge of his nose. “She knows about my troubles sleeping.” Cas hums in understanding, taps his nose gently, once, twice, and moves on. “You didn’t seem to have much trouble sleeping through the night the past few days.”
“They do.” And despite the lingering embarrassment, Cas is looking straight at him now as if he’s one of those habits. And it’s like a challenge, to say or do something.
part again. He’ll take small victories. Or mercies.
Cas [10:29 PM]: I see.
Dean shrugs his shoulders and drives.
The other part just kind of wants to cry. Or yell.
"Dean."
“I’m talking about you getting your life back.”
"Maybe for yourself. I could read it just fine."
Dean stays where he is until Eileen passes him, five — or ten or twenty, he doesn't know,
Cas might as well have died with how low the chances of him showing up in their lives again are. Because why should he? He’s got no reason to. For one he lives on the other side of the country. And sure he hit it off with both Sam and Eileen but neither of them are more than acquaintances, more than Dean’s family in the end. Same with Oliver. Same with Charlie and every other person he’s introduced him to. When it comes down to it they are part of Dean’s life and Cas wouldn’t assume he has any rights to take away from that, even if he actually cares about them. It doesn’t even matter that Dean would let him. Sure, they are his family but he can’t force them to pick sides. Especially not when he doesn’t even want to come clean and own up to how their break-up certainly didn’t happen mutually but was all on Cas. And not even that would be the truth because Cas might have knocked down most of the load-bearing walls of their relationship when he said no, but Dean took a sledgehammer to the last one.
All in all, it’s a slow start but between coffee number two and some greasy bacon with toast he manages to become human enough to figure out that he’s got enough time to swing by his father’s place before driving to the garage. He doesn’t have his hopes up too high that he’ll find it quickly but at least this way the risk of running into his father is much smaller. Oh what Dean will do for his friends.
His father nods and turns back to the TV. He picks up the remote and unmutes it and the sudden loud sound startles Dean enough to make him flinch into the reality of what the fuck just happened. He walks away before he can do anything stupid. Like yell or punch his father or leave the house completely and never come back.
"Don't be so sure. Being honest with yourself is one thing. But being honest with others, especially family..." Cas trails off, shrugs his shoulders. He looks a little guilty and it makes Dean remember that there are reasons why Cas never talks about his parents. He squeezes his hands.
They stare at each other and in the most insane way of how this could go, it's Cas who shakes his head and steps down. “I'm going for a walk.”
Belatedly he realizes that there’s a familiar trenchcoat and tote bag lying on the passenger seat. He really should have looked twice or just closer even. Fuck he’s screwed.
“Can I drive you home?” Cas asks and Dean watches him, is acutely aware of how uncertain he looks with his hands shoved into the pockets of his trench coat and his brow furrowed. Like he expects Dean to shoot him down — as if he’d ever, much less today of all days.
“Surprise you,” Cas repeats. “And I didn’t want you to worry. You already had enough on your plate without me adding my inability to remember to eat to it.”
“Then when?” Cas says. The plea in his voice knots itself around Dean's heart and tugs, tightens until he can't fucking breathe. He wants to give in so badly. His hand shakes when he reaches out, presses it to Cas's chest and right over his heart. His quiet, “Please, Cas,” gets drowned out by Cas continuing, so much louder than him, so much easier to overhear, “After Christmas? When I'm back in Boston? You'll always have an excuse ready. And not just about this.”
There's no panic, just the usual annoyance, and anger in the words. Still, Dean leaves his desk to open up the door to his room, the tacked-on poster flopping down again at one edge. It’s a sad reminder of his teenage years spent in this room. He absentmindedly smoothes the corner back up, while he interrupts Cas with a soft, “I'll be back in a second.” He doesn't wait for a reply before he presses the phone to his chest, a frail attempt at drowning out himself yelling down the stairs, “What do you need?”
“Need a drink?”, Jo trills while she arranges some glasses behind the bar. She looks too put together still to have been here longer than him. It’s unfair.
Touching is hasn't caught on, except for swapping it from one replacement car to another. But there are days when he's just overcome with the need to have it close by, to sit down on the edge of the trunk, right next to it. And it's not like they actually were like that often - just with each other, no need for immediate action, no tension. Just peaceful silence. But simply the general idea, the feeling of it, gives him comfort.
“There's an 'and' to the sentence.”
“Don't be ridiculous.” It comes out with more bite than intended and he breathes in sharply, pressing a fist to his forehead. Idiot. He’s such an idiot. “I really need to check on him.”
“Then maybe I didn’t want to have him say no to my face this time. Take your pick,” Dean says and realizes, yeah, that’s absolutely why he’s not thrown caution to the wind yet and gone back over to Cas's motel room. A no through text would be preferable this time and hurt way less and oh how the tables have turned.
Especially not with how easy his morning had been so far. Waking up mostly well-rested — meaning without a headache from crying too much and without an alarm ringing — and to a note from Cas with his current address, a reminder to call if he needed anything and a little smiley face, had made it easy to forget for a moment what had happened yesterday. Not just his father’s stroke but everything between Cas and him as well.
“I told him not to unless he’d tell you first.”
“Oh shit,” Dean says, realizes he swore, and says it again anyway, “Shit, I’m so sorry. What hurts?”
“Well, the first thing I said to him when he opened the door was ‘I love you’. Didn’t really make for a smooth conversation after that.”
Sam [10:47 PM]: But I’m not letting any of you out of sight.
“Actually, I asked Sam and Eileen if I could stay with them.”
“Yes, sir.” He feels like he's going to throw up, the steady thrum of what a coward he is for not preparing for this situation soon enough beating through his blood, making his vision blur and his breath catch. After all, it is his father’s house and he should know better by now. “Anything else?”
“How's that PhD of yours going?” They've run out of other topics and Cas has been quiet on it lately. Dean’s acutely aware of how that’s never a good thing. He’s usually bursting with the need to share whatever he considers worth sharing. Which is a lot. So utter silence is just not a good sign.
“I’m technically not done for the day but it's nothing that can’t be finished at a later date.”
Dean [9:07 PM]: Damn right, I do.
Cas [11:17 PM]: I think Dean will do what’s best for him.
Dean [8:37 PM]: They invited you?
Thankfully he’s grown out of that particular phase but while he’s good with the whole suit thing out and about, suit sections in stores still make him feel a little out of sorts. But he’s here already and Charlie is beaming at something Jo’s pulled off a clothing rack and he might as well do them the favor. He got to judge them all morning already, he can let them take their pick at him. And really, he has no idea if his suit at home still fits so they are doing him a favor in some way.
. “I’m not going back to him like that, no matter what he wants.”
He knows it. He's also technically aware that Cas will visit whether Dean's father has a problem with it or not. He’d done so before when he’d come along with Dean. So there’s no way Cas wouldn’t this time when they haven’t seen each other since October. It’s really just a matter of where he’ll end up staying if Dean won’t get his head out of his ass. But that doesn't make it any easier to open his mouth and mention it to his father. Or actually ask for permission to have Cas stay with them. Because that’s a thing again. Needing permission from his father to have his boyfriend over. Like he’s not twenty-six and an adult that can do as he pleases. But despite knowing that, talking to his father just doesn’t happen.
But Dean’s not that lucky today, probably used up all his good luck during the past week and all his conversations with Cas. Because when he pulls onto the street leading to the house he can already see his father’s truck sitting in the driveway. He considers driving past, just continuing on to the garage and coming back later, but the sight tugs at something in him, makes his stomach twist up. He pulls into the driveway behind it. Maybe he’s just going into work late as well or he has the day off. There are multiple explanations for him being home. None of which have to mean something’s wrong.
“Cas.” A last-ditch effort to not ruin the days they have left together before Cas will leave him standing just like this but with a much harder to cross distance. “I'm sorry.”
"Okay."
“It was another stroke,” Dean mumbles around a bite. He still has no idea if he’s right but it’s what his gut instinct is telling him, it’s the only thing that makes sense. He swallows. The chocolate tastes too bland, sticks to his teeth. He continues eating anyway if only to please Cas.
Dean's breath catches in his chest. Living here. Of course, that’s what him suddenly being around so much feels like to Oliver. Fuck, he’s going to be so sad, when he leaves again. Dean thinks back to his earlier question about him staying and wonders if he meant it in this way as well. It makes his heart thud painfully in his chest because what is he even supposed to say to this? 'No, and I'll be leaving soon again as well.'?
as well but he can’t deal with that as well right now — as if he hasn’t heard it before. Jesus, he needs to get a grip. Eileen will absolutely kill him if he managed to knock the kid’s teeth out or something.
Sam [9:23 PM]: Especially not with Oliver.
He meets her eyes and decides to hell with it. She can go back to being happy in five minutes when he’s done telling his little tale. “I found out Cas never got my letter. So, turns out he never said no.”
Dean lifts his eyes from where he's sorting through the weapons in the duffle bag laying in the trunk, putting them back into their place from where some tumbled out when he'd hurriedly grabbed what he needed earlier. He's just not used to this car and set up.
Dean [9:41]: I know you're having a ball with your dissertation.
“Who would hire you for just a few weeks? And once you're back here you'd be back to square one as well.” There's an edge to Cas's voice now. One that's never been there before. Not a single time since Dean left Boston. Since Dean left him. “You do plan on coming back, right?”
"Yeah." Cas smiles and it's big and toothy and Dean feels a grin pop onto his own face. "Boyfriend."
Charlie [8:01 AM]: Duh.
He knows his father isn't okay with him being bi. Or rather isn't okay with him acting on it. He has heard it in all the subtle and not so subtle digs at himself and more so at Cas, whenever Dean brings him around. But this? Being so obviously and loudly angry about it is a new low, even for him.
“Yes, sir.” His hackles rise, his fists clench at his sides.
Charlie [12:21 PM]: Oh shit.
“So linner?” Dean offers in return, voice hoarse, and when Cas only stares at him and tilts his head, he cracks a smile. “Like too late for lunch and too early for dinner?”
“I don’t. I’m doing the crossword puzzle.”
He squints up at Cas, sees his grin, and tries finding the apparent humor in this. He gets distracted by the way his eyes sparkle. He’s certain he could look into them forever but he’s also quite certain he’s a little drunk on more than just sleep. “You're sleeping beauty.”
“I was listening to your voicemail. Pretty sure he thought we were having phone sex. He was kind of pissed with me for a few days.”
With a groan, Dean drops into a seat at the bar, wipes the sweat off his forehead with the back of his hand. And here he thought working in the garage during summer was bad. Waiting tables and being surrounded by other sweaty people top it by miles.
Pictures of pie I baked, rated, and ranked
So he swallows down the words on his tongue and instead he says, “Sorry,” and, “Take another left there.”
running through his head and he clamps his teeth together to not let any of it out. He could scream but it wouldn’t help, wouldn’t change a thing. Instead, he sucks in breath after breath, forces himself to calm down again while he drops his head against the steering wheel once more. His phone vibrates with a new text message but he squeezes his eyes shut, ignores it. It’s probably not even Cas anyway, as much as he hopes it is.
Cas [7:51 PM]: What for?
His heart flutters, when Cas finally looks at him again, a hesitant smile replacing his contemplative expression. “Go to bed, Dean.”
“Can we not?”
“Well I like him the best, too,” Dean says, not quite able to keep the fond smile from his face.
Dean falls into his words, “This isn’t your fault.”
“You’re welcome.” She’s sniffling a little but her smile seems more genuine again. “But enough being mushy. You have like twenty minutes left to tell me about what you’ve been up to the past week. I want all the juicy details.” He checks his watch out of reflex and sure enough, she’s right. It sucks that this is his only real option to be able to hang out with his friends, squeezing in short meetups while his father is at his checkups or physical therapy. But he’s not quite comfortable yet with leaving him alone longer than necessary. There are just too many chances of something happening and Dean knows he’d regret not being there. It’s enough that he’s making exceptions for babysitting Oliver during afternoons or evenings already because well, it’s just easier than lugging the kid back and forth. That’s all.
Not just because of the headache plaguing Dean or the slight guilt that has made itself home in his stomach, now that he’s thinking a little more clearly about that drunk dialing deal he had with Charlie — picking up is just as bad as calling and he should have known. Or maybe he’s just feeling guilty about leaving her hanging, who knows. He can unpack that at a different time when his head isn’t already about to explode. There are also a few unread text messages from Garth asking about a yearbook and yeah that was a whole conversation he vaguely remembers. He promised yesterday to unearth that for the wedding, didn’t he? Drunk Dean apparently had it out for him. The good morning text from Cas complaining about how mornings should be banished — no change there — distracts him for a minute or two while he gets ready but he gets back on track with a great deal of willpower.
Cas [10:17 PM]: Will you pick up if I call you again? You don’t have to say anything if you don’t want to.
Dean [6:19 PM]: Do you by any chance have a link to the wedding registry for Bess and Garth?
Cas [10:02 PM]: Worse :(
A huffed laugh, warm against his collarbone even through his shirt. As if the concept of fear is still so far off Cas' mind despite everything that happened. "Goodnight, Dean."
The only thing Dean can think of to say, to make it go away is, "Will you stay the night with me? On Christmas Eve?" And when Cas doesn't immediately answer he continues hastily, "I mean you'd come by on the 25th again anyway. And I'm sure Jack will be fine driving back to Kelly's on his own. Or we could drive him if you don't want him on the roads alone. Or Kelly could join us for dinner, too. I know she usually helps out around town on the 24th but maybe she'll want to swing by to-"
He ignores Cas mentioning the horrendous price of his ticket for the parking, ignores how his stomach seems to have not gotten the message that he’s not getting on a plane himself. They’re both quiet for the most part, letting conversations trail off in favor of hovering too close and hesitant smiles followed by sad looks. Dean isn’t quite sure why this is harder than leaving Cas back in Boston had been. How it’s harder than ending every single phone call that left them with another ounce of anger and frustration between them.
“Even harder then.”
“I'm sorry.”
“Well, you look horrible.” Charlie drops down into the seat across from him, apron still on and hair up in a messy bun. The bright orange baseball cap that’s part of the gaming cafe’s uniform is nowhere to be seen.
They stay like that until there's only sniffling to be heard and Cas moves, to straighten back up. Dean lets him but doesn't stop touching him, ignores the way his eyes are rimmed red, and staring at him. Instead, he tugs him up, onto shaking legs before he forces him to sit down on the bed. When he steps back, fingers catch on his watch then wrist, too weak for purpose but a heavy unsaid
Dean [6:31 PM]: But if I do, I'll willingly sit through a Harry Potter marathon with you.
Cas [4:53 PM]: Great! :D I don't expect it to have an immediate effect but maybe in a few weeks or so.
She’s leaning forward now, hands flat on the table and a strand of hair dangling dangerously close to one of the candles. He reaches out to pull it away from her automatically, while she says, “Again, why are you here?”
“I’m sorry.” Cas looks away then back at him. He furrows his brows. “I haven’t eaten today. I was kind of preoccupied.”
He’s here for Dean and in his living room, in the apartment where he’s been on his own for months but wanted Cas there all the time. Where he learned to live by himself and knows that it’s missing something, someone,
“Okay.” Dean can’t help but place his pen down, pushing the newspaper away from himself. He reaches for his coffee even though there’s barely a sip left in it. He just needs something to hold onto right now and a pen that can snap isn’t it. Because if they’re having a conversation involving his father it won’t end pretty. What a way to start his weekend. “Then what are you trying to say?”
The “Yes, sir,” slips from his lips like a reflex but it’s followed by a new wave of anger. Except it’s not so much directed at his father anymore, rather at himself. This hasn’t happened in years. There’ve been disagreements, there’ve been fights, there’ve been orders. But not once since he left for Boston has his father actually gotten up into Dean’s space like this and gotten a reaction. Because Dean knows better now, because he learned, because he thought he had that shit figured out when he didn’t flinch and back down when it came to the whole teen pregnancy debacle with Sam and then after. He thought he had it under control when he didn’t let his father assume his sexuality after bringing around Cas but actually took the chance to come out to him as bisexual.
Dean feels the tension in him rise while Cas reads it and when he looks back up there's something on his face that Dean can't quite place. Something new and exciting. He steps closer, right up into his space and right up against him, until he can feel the warmth radiating off him seep through the fabric of his jeans.
“Well, you need a suit, for one.” Charlie steers them into a store — the first of many probably. She clearly has given this a lot of thought. “And you do give honest feedback.”
Dean [9:10 PM]: Sure.
Dean nods, takes it for what it is, and tangles his fingers with Cas's, stuffs the candy bar into the same pocket as the empty wrapper because his stomach is turning again and his eyes burn. He keeps his gaze on the linoleum floor, tries to not let it get too blurry with tears.
Dean [7:08 PM]: You're an idiot.
Dean [9:53 AM]: Working at Bobby's. Don't know how long yet. Night call would work though.
Cas squeezes his hand. “If that's what you want.”
Dean throws her number away the first chance he gets while his heart twinges painfully, thrums a steady beat of
“I have a suit.” He does. He hasn’t worn it in years. But he does. “I can wear that one.”
“Dean.” She’s staring at him again. “I literally have a one-sided text conversation from you about how he wasn’t acting like an ex should when you were under the impression that he turned you down. And now you know he didn’t. So what’s not clicking here?”
The disagreement gets stuck in Dean’s throat. Instead what comes out is a weak, “It's just a job.”
“Don't play dumb.”
“Good.” Cas sounds pleased, a hum to his voice that makes Dean feel flushed and warm to his toes.
“Can I get a kiss for good luck?”
Cas says, “I think you should leave.”
And now Cas starts laughing, wet and broken but happy and Dean feels a warmth bloom in his chest. Who would have thought that being stupid, would turn out to be the smart choice for once in his goddamn life? Certainly not him.
Cas [12:59 AM]: Thank you for talking to me.
Eileen grins and hands over the envelope. He turns it over once, but the handwriting doesn’t ring any bells and then rips it open. Inside it, he finds a single piece of cardstock in an off-white color. He reads the words on it and can practically feel the color drain from his face.
Charlie [10:57 AM]: I’ll even let you pick the movies.
Dean [1:16 PM]: Fuck, Sammy.
Dean's stomach turns, dread clogging up his throat. He presses his lips more forcefully against Cas' hairline, doesn't care, not a single bit. It's dark, it's just them and the room is drenched in heavy sweat and emotions. He whispers, "I'm here. You're safe." into it, not sure who he's reassuring.
through his body.
With a sigh, Dean straightens back up, puts back some order into the files on the desk. He should keep working. He can take an hour or two later to score through some old text conversations and tweets. Maybe something will turn up there.
Dean blinks, turns on his heels to stare after his father.
"I'm okay." Cas' voice is rough, still fueled by panting breaths for the best reasons and it makes relief explode through Dean, wraps itself around his heart. He feels more vulnerable than he should while his body tightens and shatters apart soundlessly.
Dean looks down at the paper but the words start to blur in front of his eyes. He blinks but while his eyes are too wet it’s not quite tears yet. His voice gets stuck in his throat nonetheless and his reply comes out croaky. “Okay. I’ll consider it.”
His father’s gruff, “No,” ends any attempt at conversation — one that Dean doesn’t even want to have — and while he looks back down, flips another page of his magazine, Dean scowls at him.
“Yes,” Sam says and before either of them can offer anything else, she’s off, introduces herself, and goes through all the information she can offer. She does it quickly but politely, pausing here and there to give them a chance to ask questions but Dean can’t focus enough to pay attention to the details.
"I miss you, too, you know." The words burst out of him in a rush, despite everything else settling heavily in his stomach. And they take all air with them and only when Cas says, "I'll be home for Christmas." a few beats later, does he breathe back in.
The words hit and Dean’s breath gets stuck in his throat far too long, tears bubbling up along with it. This shouldn't be his job, his responsibility. He's not the one that fucking turned down a proposal. He's not the one that hasn't mentioned it once beyond the initial no — okay maybe he hasn't brought it up either but again, why should he? If Cas doesn't want to marry him or move to Kansas with him, then why can't he be man enough to break it off himself? Why couldn't he have just texted that as well? Why did he have to go and try to continue to talk to him like nothing had happened? Why does Dean have to be the one who breaks his own heart a second time?
Charlie [10:41 AM]: So make this easier on yourself.
God, they're having their first squabble as a couple before they are even officially together. And he's not even actually mad. But just excited. And very much in love.
“I hate you!”
Charlie [3:29 PM]: Also, no fooling around tomorrow. We’re keeping it PG.
But of course, something’s wrong.
Dean [5:37 PM]: Well, you see, there was this very nice woman that asked me for a favor a while back.
Dean holds his gaze, says, “I love you,” and then, “You know that, right?” when Cas takes too long to respond in any kind of way.
This new discovery follows Dean the rest of the shopping trip — he has to live through another three hours before they pile back into Charlie’s car — and well into his evening. It flares up anew each time he catches the eyes of his reflection in a mirror or window and he feels compelled to just take a second to look. He knows it's ridiculous but it's been a good while since something so mundane has perked up his mood this much. It's nice.
"It's good to see you." He pulls Jack into a hug, squeezes him as hard as he can, before he steps to the side, lets them inside and into the warmth. God, he missed the kid. "Though you are late."
Charlie [12:22 PM]: Are you okay?
“No.” He pauses, feels his stomach twist uncomfortably. “Should I be looking for something?”
“Bedroom,” he replies instinctively while he slips off his flannel and shirt. Then he pauses, thinks, and adds, “Be right out.”
Cas [7:35 AM]: He talked to me first. I'm not responsible for anything that happens.
“Yes.” There’s rustling on Cas’s side. “I think my last glass of wine was one too many. It made typing rather difficult.”
This can't be real.
Dean [6:32 PM]: Not a single one.
Dean [3:46 PM]: All good! I’ve got a new episode of Dr. Sexy to keep me company.
He keeps scrolling but even Charlie's throwback tweets about meeting some actress at a convention and some pretty fantastic – read hot – pictures from it, can't pick up his mood. Especially not when he sees the last picture where it's not just Charlie but Charlie and Stevie being just as disgustingly sweet with each other as his brother and Eileen. It's just not fair.
Dean exes his whiskey and can't decide if Cas is an absolute fool or just foolishly brave. More importantly though he can't decide if he's worried or turned on by the sheer audacity Cas has to say words like that to his father when he clearly heard what he'd said to Dean minutes before. It’s exactly why he tries to keep them from being alone.
Or maybe everything’s just okay for once and he’s being ridiculous.
"So I'm allowed to call you in the middle of the night then?"
“Here goes nothing,” he whispers to himself when he leaves the room and carefully closes the door behind himself. Cas is waiting for him at the stairs, arms crossed and brows furrowed. He doesn't return the smile Dean directs at him while he walks over. “Hey.”
Whenever things disappeared, given to a friend or another stranger or back to nature in some cases: Dean noticed. Though the free space never stayed empty for long, there were a few he missed more than he’d let on. Not because of what they were but more so because they’d been things that had made Cas light up so brightly when Dean had pointed them out the first time. He’d loved seeing that spark in his eyes, listened patiently to where he’d gotten it from, and then proceeded to complain about having to keep it dust-free anyway. Most times, Cas had rolled his eyes at his antics and shut him up with a kiss. Dean had fallen in love a little more each time.
“Me, too.” Dean closes his eyes, feels the cold stone of the wall press into his back, grounding him. “I just wish I-”
Charlie [10:11 AM]: Like I said. The awesomest person.
Sam [2:12 PM]: How do you feel about having a barbecue for Eileen’s birthday next week?
Yeah, there's no way that would go over well with a four-year-old at any time of the day but especially not this close to bedtime.
“Be quiet,” Dean mumbles, chides himself for even going there while he opens the fridge and pulls out both a beer and last night's leftovers. He ignores how empty the fridge already is again and instead grabs a clean fork and takes the cold food with him to the couch. He turns on the TV — again, priorities when deciding on what he needed for moving out and what he could do without for a while — switches the channel a few times before he leaves it on another Dr. Sexy rerun.
Dean knows that tone, has heard that passive-aggressiveness wrapped into polite singsong before and all that reaches his brain is the implied 'choke on it' and tempting the dragon to burn him alive.
Dean [2:25 AM]: We’ve barely talked since we broke up. But this past week, it just feels like not much has changed between us? It feels like we’re friends again.
Dean [8:00 AM]: Good morning to you too.
His phone vibrates in his pocket and he pulls it out due to habit, stumbles immediately over the new notification from Twitter telling him that Cas not only liked his tweet but also replied with "Done and done."
He calls Bobby first.
"What does this make us?"
“Well, I haven’t gotten around to asking him what the hell he was talking about but it certainly wasn’t my letter. Because that was lying around in my father’s study since the end of February. Returned to sender. Illegible address.”
Dean’s breath catches and any confusion at the surprise thing is instantly forgotten. The idea of Cas sitting alone in their apartment, nose buried in his work while the fridge is empty and none of the usually prepared food is right there and up for grabs, hurts. And it doesn’t just hurt, it breaks Dean’s heart all over. Because it was his one job, the one thing he could always do for Cas, no matter at what stage of their relationship they were in, no matter if they were fighting or all lovey-dovey. And he’d sworn to himself that he’d make sure that Cas couldn’t even go without food if he wanted to, especially not when he got stuck in his work.
"You should. I don't dese-" Dean's voice catches on a groan when he shifts and there's suddenly pressure against where he's achingly hard. His thoughts leave him for a second too long and he's lost.
If Dean hadn’t been frozen to the spot before, he’d be now. Because
“Didn’t ask if he was busy, Dean. You want him there with you, yes or no?”
– and keeps telling himself that it's fine. Even when a voice that sounds suspiciously like Sam pops into his head, reminding him that a stroke is not a joke and should be taken seriously.
And he knows why. Knows why he wants to be next to it. But it's just such nonsense. A flimsy excuse for comfort but still he's here because it makes him feel more at ease after waking up from splashes of memories and nightmares mixed with specks of hope that don't make sense in the slightest. But he's tired and after Bobby- after that he doesn't care enough to pretend that this isn't helping somehow. Some days he feels like he's losing his head.
Right now, nothing comes to mind that would fit into that category, and the worst part about that is the treacherous feeling of hope that immediately takes up space in Dean’s heart when it really shouldn’t. Yeah, he misses him, loves him, wants to talk with him but he’s also a lot more than mad at Cas these days — mostly it circles back to what a coward he was for picking text over call, for picking Dean breaking them up over doing the work himself — and it’s a mixture of those two that makes him forget all possible consequences and press call the second he’s awake enough to form coherent sentences.
