Tony bursts into laughter, nose wrinkling up. "God, no. I'm actually starting to wonder if any of it was even real."
"Was she ever though?" Rhodey asks quietly, the air around them becoming more tense by the second. "They were takers Tony, and they would have milked you dry for as long as they could. Everything that happened? A blessing if you ask me, no one can justify what they did, not even the part of you riddled with unnecessary guilt."
Tony took Steve's hand and held onto it. "Of course I am." He smiled, eyes still downcast. "Will you sit with me?" He didn't want to be alone right now, not when he was stuck in his head and thinking of Rhodey, of his mama.
"Thor, where the fuck did you come from?" Bucky sits up, pointing an accusing finger at him. "Don't you have a paper due tomorrow?"
"That depends on my business partners, and shame on you for trying to bully a poor farmer out of his well-earned gold."
"I wouldn't be so harsh on them Nat." Tony chuckles pulling up a seat beside Steve. "Are you staying for dinner?"
"I'd like that Mr Parker, they tried recruiting me last year, but I wasn't ready to go at the time," she replies, "my mom always says it's never too early to start planning for the future."
"If you fell on your way home, why did Ben see you riding in with those farmers this morning?" Reed eyes him skeptically, arms crossed and close to that huffing and puffing he does when he's angry.
Peter corners Harley when they get back, pointing an accusing finger at him. "I know you're up to something Harley, just tell me what it is so that I can assess how dumb, dangerous or damaging it is."
"It makes no matter now, I'll end things with Steve like you want me to, and we can all go on woth our lives, right? No hard feelings."
Tony giggles, tugging on Thor's fierce beard. It was surprisingly not as oily as he imagined it to be, and for a second, he thinks of Steve with a beard, before getting sad again.
He stops in his tracks momentarily though, when he catches Sam's stink eye. Yeah, Steve might be violating their bro code right now, but he also can't remember the last time he's had sex, and Sam had flaked on him at the bonfire just last week, so this was just Steve getting even. And who even knows if this guy would be interested? Everybody just needs to chill.
On his first day, he grabs a handful of Tony's ass and gets a wooden block to the back of the head, and promptly doubles over in laughter, leading to a full day of Reed muttering about how all the people he takes in are always two fuses short.
"It seems laughable, trust me, I had the same reaction," Stephen says, ignoring Tony's stink eye. "Superheroes dealing with bureaucracy seems strange, I know, Namor, but whoever's out there? Whoever's trying to make Earth their battlefield? They're more organised than us, and they sure have better numbers."
Then what do you call leaving without a word to become an international fugitive with your pals? What do you call prioritising them over us?
Carefully, Tony shuffles them around, laying Peter against the pillows and crawling out of bed to go search for the medicine.
"Why thank you, Caesar," Anthony says, much more playful than Steve would expect, at the same time he gives his thanks. "And I would tell you the details, if you weren't so snakey about it."
"Not my fault you lot have been trying to push us in a box for centuries, besides, an Omega's weapons are courtesy and wit after all."
Tony wakes up slowly, warm and swaddled in blankets, a hard body pressed against him. By the light filtering through the blinds, it's late and they've both slept through their morning classes; the splitting headache pounding behind his eyes tells him he won't make the afternoon ones either.
On the one hand, Peter was clearly trying hard to impress her or something, and he clearly didn't want anyone to know who has dad was, so she didn't mind playing along. On the other hand, she would've killed for this opportunity at any other time, and keeping her lips shut would be hard. Besides, her main goal was bringing him into the fold; he was her pledge, so she hoped he'd be interested, though his dad might be against it.
"Hey Pete, you and Ned ever think about joining the Champions?" This was her sticking her neck out, she hoped this gamble didn't end miserably.
"Hey!" Tony cries, unhooking his arms from the two of them and walking ahead. "So I bring you two together and you unionise against me?"
A boyish grin lit the man's face, and he moved to sit in the chair by the bed. "You don't owe us anything, it was the right thing to do."
Rolling his eyes, Steve sips at his drink. It goes down rough, and he suppresses a wince, gingerly passing it to Bucky. "Come on Nat, don't tell me you're losing your touch," Steve teases, hoping she wouldn't kill him in his sleep for this. "Besides, isn't Rhodes still with Danvers?"
Tony giggles as he wraps his letterman around his shoulders, and maybe Steve flexes a bit to catch his eye.
They weren't his minions per se, Harley had tried to train them to be loyal to him when Pete first started off the brother wars by dumping Harley to hang out with Ned, but they had proved to be too wilful, and loyal to each other only.
"You're not going to burst," Thor says, dragging him inside with a hand over his mouth. "Let's play a game, okay? You be really quiet while we get Bucky and Sam."
Rhodey is still quiet and searching him with his eyes, a calming presence for his not-so-great thoughts. Apparently Mama Rhodes had wanted to come out here but her doctor had advised her against flying, and hey, what about Roberta? It was a strong name and names had power after all, and all he wanted was for her to be strong, and to survive (and in some small part of him, a Rhodes instead of a Rogers). Perhaps Roberta wasn’t gender neutral but they could always have it changed, Roberta Rhodes was strong and fierce, hard where Maria was soft and just as loving as she was. Pepper and Hope were the perfect mix of the two of them and Tony thanked every deity for the amazing women in his life. Perhaps something to honour them all, or maybe saying fuck it and naming them after Happy or Jarvis or Anna. Peggy was too painful to think of, because with thoughts of her came thoughts of Steve and maybe he shouldn’t have taken a man, who in another life would have been his godfather and married to his aunt, for a life partner.
3. I guess all schools are hero schools? I haven't gone in depth with that or anything, still working out the finer details.
Steve groans, tossing an arm around Tony and switching their positions, burrowing himself into Tony's neck. "Do you want my dick to fall off?"
"That's not what you were sayin' when you had that veal last week." Steve chuckles, admiring the splash of colour on Tony's cheeks. It made him more real, more
"You think they think that?" Rhodey snorts. If there's one thing Rogers and his group of lackeys could do right, it was think that the world spinned for them only.
"Do you think I freaked her out? How does Peter know her anyway, no way would she hang out with him-"
I'm horrible for taking so long to update this, I know!! :'( Please forgive me and enjoy a change of POV. Progress has happened and we touch base with the Rouges. TAGS UPDATED. Check out END NOTES for POSSIBLE TRIGGERS.
"I'm only saying, if it came down to it, I don't think Steve will be able to survive you if you left. He's genuinely happy now, and that's definitely in part thanks to you, but... he needs to be happy by himself too."
"That's right, darling, I've got you." Natasha pinches one of his dark nipples after shoving his shirt up his chest, surprised at the keening noise that rips out of Tony. "Oh? Did you like that, puppy?"
"Because Steve doesn't think logically when he throws his heart into things. We knew that you would be reasonable in this. You get that we're not shunning you, right Tony?"
Tony rolls his eyes, hobbling over to the chair in the corner. "Jesus, Reed. Not everything's a conspiracy. I hurt my leg, that's the part you should focus on."
"We made it official this passed Winter. Figured we couldn't keep living in sin anymore, and I wanted to make an honest man out of Bruce." Thor flashes his band, plain gold, but in a town like this, might as well have been encrusted with rare gems. Steve runs a longing finger over chain around his neck.
"The goat?" The man asked amused, leaning back in his chair and filling up the room in the most unsuffocating way.
- violence (as in people get sh*t, not too graphic, it's from Tony's pov and he has his eyes closed)
Before Riri can say more, Peter reaches a hand out, placing it on Riri's shoulder. "I'm not trying to ask you out, Rih," Peter explains, mind running a mile a minute piecing the story together. "But my little brother is. Uh- Harley, the weird one."
"Polygamy, James," Nat says with a little grin and Bucky chuckles, his cheeks pink. "And I doubt Jim would be into that, besides, I heard the kid was an old friend. They were space camp nerds together."
"I guess... seafood is my all time favourite though," she tells them, choosing to humour these insanely straightforward kids.
So much went on that I can't explain to you. Don't ever think that I don't love you Peter, or that you aren't important to me.
Tossing his clothes in the gym bag he uses for dirty laundry, Steve undresses himself before sliding in behind Tony, wrapping him in his arms.
Danny reaches out to draw the paper towards him, an eyebrow quirked. "They definitely won't get that right. They haven't even stood trial yet."
It's maybe not the standard picture of domesticity, but it's as close as Tony has ever come, frighteningly so. He tries to stamp out the little licks of satisfaction that flush over him whenever Steve grabs his hand, or smiles at him in that soft way he does. Steve is gorgeous, and pretty perfect in every other way too, and Tony wouldn't mind calling him his boyfriend, or being the centre of his attention forever.
Mostly because his family comprises of like a billion superheroes slash international spies who definitely don't know how to act normal around kids they're not related to (Aunt Tash and Uncle Buck - Pops too until Peter caught on and ratted him out to Dad - had this phase where they became crazy protective, thanks to the villain of the week attempting to kidnap the twins from daycare, to the point where they staked out Peter's little league games and debate meetings to run background checks on the people attending and hanging around), but also because those same family members could often act very embarrassing. And crazy.
"Of course," Steve replied, lowering himself to sit beside the chair, his hand never leaving Tony's.
The blonde rushes out of the room, locking it for precaution, before he's boumding up the stairs again to get Sam and Bucky. Sam wakes in an instant, taking a minute to gather his bearings before rushing downstairs while Thor gets Bucky, who's relatively harder to wake.
"No problem." Steve turns his back to him, so Tony can't see his face, but he feels his heart crawl between them and break all the same.
"Of course, I'd have to get the green light and speak to my lecturer about it, but I definitely think he'd be into it."
"Of course you can, Buck, but right now let me clear things up with Tony, and then you can go and speak to him, okay?"
"Hey Steve, not that you've noticed I'm here." Janet grins at him slyly, scooting over to sit beside Rhodey.
Alone, and sweaty, and nowhere near stable or healthy enough to be going through near nightly panic attacks. Tony's sure the scratching he's done in his panic has caused semi-permanent damage by now, but goddamnit, he wasn't ready for anything invasive again either.
Happy New Year to this story! Hope you guys enjoy, just know Bucky is shitty at words, he's really not mean!
"Mm, I did have a teacher from down South, my mouth was her and my mother's worst parts about me. This pretty face outweighed all the bad though." Tony shifted in bed, squinting out of the window to try to make out the time. "Sorry that I won't be bending over to thank you, though. Those are against my principles."
"No more than anyone else, he goes between the smithy and the boarding house, rinse and repeat everyday. Except on Saturday's," Thor informs him, leaning up against the wood counter. "Calm down Steven, he's not running off with anybody, besides, Richard has been courting Sue Storm."
Steve finally gets to sketch Tony's post-sex hair, and his bed hair, and wakes up one morning to a picture of Tony fresh out of the shower, a not-so-subtle
The blonde man that towered over him broke out into laughter, shaking against Tony's back. "Change of plans," he announced, shoving Tony to the side. "We fuck the whore bloody after we give these farmer's boys a beating they'll never forget."
"No thanks, I've already sated the fire in my loins. My lady love and I have a healthy enough physical life, but thank you for suggesting."
Pete had chosen his own name when he had started transitioning, and damn if Tony hadn’t heard a more perfect name than Peter Stark, May had been a big help and as a nurse, gave Peter and Tony lessons on safe binding and the number of a good doctor that could help with T-shots (Tony had been happy he could share this journey with Pete and his own experience, despite how horrible it was but being able to say “this body is not my own” was the most freeing thing Tony had experienced in his 18 years of life). Tony hadn’t fully transitioned, had always felt like he was tip-toeing around in his own skin and couldn’t make that decision, not with Howard having a say about it and later Obie, who had said that it wasn’t the right time after his parent’s death (murder) and taking over the company, and then Afghanistan and the arc happened and any type of invasive surgery was off the table for him. When he had started doing better and the therapy had finally started working in his favour he hadn’t gotten the surgeries, not after Steve had mentioned having kids, with that look in his eyes were Tony became the centre of his universe, the natural way, of course. They had tried, and yes, maybe Tony should have done more introspection and taken his own feelings into account before jumping head first and trying to make Rogers happy, but Peter, perfect and healthy and strong, with a heart that beat stronger than anyone else’s Tony had ever heard, was born. He’d stopped getting his T-shots during the pregnancy, and perhaps had never felt worse in is life, what with the media instantly jumping and doing I-told-you-so pieces that Tony Stark had never been a man and that “she” was just confused (whether it was “her” mother’s liberal nature or something picked up at MIT, ”she” was just playing around in men’s clothes), I mean, why else would a real man lay down and take it like that. They had a lot to say about him and Steve was spared the media flogging, after all they didn’t know that Tony and Steve were together because what would anyone say if they knew dear old spangled pants was willingly jumping into bed with Tony. Harley, had been a slip up, but a wonderful one and Tony had just not cared about what anyone had to say, he didn’t care that people were still not using his pronouns or that religious groups were protesting against his company and his products, because surely he was the devil incarnate for choosing to “confuse” his kids like this. Harley had always been, well, Harley and Tony had always left the door open for him to choose (plus Steve named him and Tony should have really kicked his ass for naming his child after a damn motorcycle but he had been heavily sedated then and Steve had been smiling so brilliantly at him, like he was something amazing and important, though that could never be true, definitely not now and of course not before). Jamie had been the perfect gender neutral name honoring the shared name of his and Rogers’ best friends (despite Steve still not quite grasping why they had needed to raise their kids in a gender neutral environment, because a boy was a boy and a girl was a girl, Tony - we’ll just confuse them with all this talk of no gender, and hadn’t that hurt. Rogers had no problem sticking it in any one of Tony’s holes and having him, a man birth his children  but seemed to share that same attitude Howard had until Pete had come to them at dinner and said that he was a boy. Steve had had a little pinched smile and had excused himself, naturally Pete had taken that as rejection and had burst into tears and it had taken Tony hours to calm him down and get him to bed. After making sure all the kids were okay and in bed, he had found Steve in their bedroom with a laptop open and a frown between his brows. Tony knew (hoped) that Steve’s reaction was just one of shock and he hadn’t meant anything by it, but he was damn well going to apologise to Peter for hurting him, even if unintentionally. “I just- it doesn’t make any sense to me, Tony. You know how I was raised and back then, the only men dressing in women’s clothes were comedians or actors. J is getting me up to speed with understanding all of this though, and I’m sorry I didn’t do it sooner, I should have done more to understand you and how you felt, I know it’s been tough on you but I swear, I’ve never seen you as anything but a man, and I’ll do right by him,” he had rushed out with that kicked look he got when he didn’t do right by one of the kids (in his mind, because the kids definitely worshipped the ground he walked on, yes he was Captain America, but he was also Pops, the guy who tucked them in at night and told them he loved them every chance he got). Steve was nothing but supportive of Peter’s choice and had taken him for his first T-shot so that he could understand what his son was going through and what procedures he’d need. The amount of NDAs signed throughout Ton’s life, especially following his first pregnancy, was laughable but necessary, neither of them wanted to put a bigger target on their heads by proclaiming to the world, hey, Captain America has three bastard children through an unholy union with Tony Stark, of all people, because having super soldier DNA was definitely a beacon for any super-secret evil people with lairs in remote locations and big shiny machines that make you talk, and even now the lawyers were ensuring the hospital’s silence. How did thinking of baby names go down this rabbit role and end with him thinking of Steve, again. Rogers didn’t deserve to even be a split-second thought, it would take time, but one day Tony would burn any and all memory of him out of his head.
While it wasn't much, it was their life's work, and something they'd spent years achieving. When they bought the land, only an old rickety house stood where their now four-roomed cabin stood, and Sam had even fixed up the old outhouse so that they didn't have to worrying about catching disease from their own excretement.
Ty had bought his company for ten days straight, braving the rough seas with him in the cramped space of his quarters. Maybe it had been the utter despair and hopelessbess Tony was feeling, or the drunk haze he'd gotten used to being in since he started whoring himself out, but somewhere between getting roughly fucked into the mattress and sharing a sweet kiss so passionate it had him sobering up, Tony had fallen a little in love (or so he thought). Ty had a silver tongue, selling him dreams and convincing him of a future he had never even wanted. Between wet kisses he promised a cabin in the woods, built from scratch just for the two of them, and a cradle by the window for their babies.
Nevertheless, his foolish self still had hope, in the future, and in this new life he'd be starting with Ty in California. Sure it was fast, and they were off to a rocky start, but Ty had taken care of him when no one else would. On the day they docked, Tony had been having farewell drinks with the captain's steward, stumbling back to his cabin only to find Ty ripping it apart. He always thought of the moments between seeing him ripping open his chests and waking up caked in his own vomit as a blank period. He had no recollection of what happened between then and waking up, but the aching of his body and his missing possessions gave him a good enough idea.
"No, you're right. Things have been getting too intense. What was I thinking gettong involved with someone like Steve? He's a white picket fence type, and I want highrises. Oil and water, you know?"
Tony laughs, wrapping his legs around the blonde's waist. "Should I want that? I don't think we'd have much fun without it."
"Should I expect you to be running after little whelplings soon too?" she asks coyly, circling the rim of her scotch with a finger.
Tony almost chokes on his drink, laughing at Nat's insinuation. "With who, exactly? I live in a matchbox room in an Omega hostel, Natasha, where would I even fit any whelplings?"
"Of course not, Nat. I've just been tired, is all." Tony leans back, closing his eyes. "It's been busy you know?"
When he's just outside the room, a door opens and a voice startles him. "Is Peter going to be okay?" Harley's gnawing at his lip, his brows furrowed in worry.
"Then why would you let one of them in here? You might as well have given her the rundown of all our plans, why not give her a key to your lab while we're at it? Should we just leave the doors unlocked and open from now on?"
"Music then? Any artist you'd really want to see in concert, maybe like Rihanna or Sam Smith, or something?"
"Trust me, these looks arrived overnight," Steve jokes, thinking back to his days as the scrawny kid always getting into fights. "Mom had me filling out on protein porridge to pick up some weight, and I guess I just hit a growth spurt one day, and boom - this happened," Steve says, gesturing to himself.
themechanic Pictures taken seconds before disaster #neverdrinkanthingjangivesyou #EVER #wepassedoutafterthis #stevessnoringcanbeheardinmalibu @jvnetvandyne @artingrogers
"Hi, Shauna," Tony says lowly, a hand cradling Peter's head. "This is Tony Stark, I need you to put me through to Dr Kemp please."
"Ah, but that's where you're wrong," Rhodey shoots back with that same false tone. "If you don't explain, I'll do everything in my power to have the council reject your motion. What were you even thinking, Tony?"
"No, Steve. It's not the sex, you're very thoughtful and caring, I promise. I just don't think things are working anymore, and I want you to respect that," Tony says, chewing his lip. Steve is silent again, his shoulders drooping like they had the weight of the world on them.
"Now we both know there's nothing in there, Pickle," he says, grabbing a bottle out of the bottle warmer.
"Let me get you an uber, or ask Rhodey to if you're not comfortable with me. It's a long way back to your place."
When Tony had boarded the ship West, he didn't have anything going through his mind except survival and the distinct brand of bitterness that came from having everything he worked for stripped away. The mirage of freedom and spark of hope had died as soon as he stepped foot on the dock, one of only three Omegas besides the captain's son on board. The crowd they'd sailed with was rough, mostly young men in search of opportunity and a new life among the golden banks in the West.
"Where were you earlier by the way? I was knocking for the longest time, and your doorman said you were in."
"While you three were bein' shut-in hermits, Reed got him down here from the farm. Heard it's because the drought isn't treating them too well and the Storms needed to cut their expenses, besides, they needed an extra set of hands since Tony's
"Nah, I heard they broke up again," Bucky says, fingers curled in Nat's hair. "Oh, she's joining them though. Weird."
"All forms of entertainment that involved stickin' your parts in someone else's gets taken upstairs, I don't want y'all making these lice-infested half-wits think they can act any typ'a way in this here establishment."
"I'd love that honey, but we're not working with a lot here." Steve grins up at him, carefully pulling his fingers out of Tony and squirting the last bit of lube out of the packet, pushing as much into Tony's hole as he can.
"Welcome to the free world, Tones," Janet shouts, grabbing the back of his shirt and pulling him back towards them.
"I wouldn't, but I don't go by Nat's except for when I need a hearty meal and some beer to fill my belly."
Taking her hand and ignoring the disapproving looks from his brother, Harley places a gentle kiss on her knuckles before his dad or Peter can interrupt. "Sweet Lady Riri, I am Harley, second son of Steven and Anthony. I hope this is not too forward of me, but I would ask you to give me the honour of-"
"About that-" "We meddled and kind of fucked things up for them, therefor Steve cannot know he's here, and neither can Rhodey, under any circumstances," Sam interjects, cutting Bucky off who gives him a punch to the pec.
"I can't promise that, baby, because we don't know how severe Peter's condition may be, but how about I promise to let you be the first one to know any news?"
"Yeah, we've had computer science together since first year," Thor says, stretching his arms out over the back of the couch. "You should know that, Steven, we've been on the football team together for how long now?"
It's not that he doesn't want to be here, shit, he'd been the one to suggest staying for the party, but trying to keep track of all your drunk friends wasn't the easiest thing in the world, especially when he himself was trying to get drunk. And hopefully
Anthony slaps a hand against his chest, shoulders shaking with laughter. "Ty? Of course not. Me and him go
"You don't ever need to worry about them again. In the West it's illegal to steal from poor farmers, and trying to hurt an Omega is even worse. That's a crime worth hanging," the man said, his tone cold but not at all harsh towards Tony. "No one will ever snatch you again, you were probably frightened to death."
It's a strange feeling to be in Steve's room when it's so empty and neat. There aren't any dishes stacked on the shelves or covering his desk, no stray clothes littering the floor or heaped on the chair in the corner, and everything else is packed into it's rightful place, not a book laying around or crumbs dusting the carpet. Steve's room is homey nevertheless, and Tony realises it's the blonde's lack of presence that makes it feel empty, a solar system without it's sun.
Finally letting his curiosity win out Steve turns to Nat, who's lost in Bucky's eyes, and asks her what she knows about him, because Nat knows
"Of course it was, Steven," Tony says, playfully slapping his shoulder, "would I ever lead you astray?"
"I know she's not sorry, and I know she probably won't ever be sorry, and that's honestly not her fault. She was taught self-preservation and shit, but trust me here, Rhodey. It's better to have one of them here," Tony urges, getting up to pace across the lounge. "They're unpredictable, and clearly uncontrollable. Having them out there with no way of tracking them would just be counterproductive to our work. I don't feel comforted knowing they could dive in at any moment."
The men laughed again, throwing down bags and seeming to settle in, an unnerving calm to their actions. "It's pretty late out here, darlin', you don't know what kind of unsavoury creatures could be roaming around these parts."
Sitting down beside him, Nat shoved a stray lock of hair behind his ear. "You've been keeping to yourself lately, am I no longer important now that you go down to that farm every week?"
It feels amazing, the stretch and fullness and slight burn of Steve in him. There's a moment where Steve shifts, adjusting their position, and starts slamming his hips into Tony's ass, and
"How so?" Steve asks, alarmed by the way Tony's face falls, that sadness that he noticed every now and then bleeding through.
Leave it to Tony to get lost in a town with only one paved road, but honestly speaking, it was that stupid goat's fault.
"Well then, I thank her for her service - and cervix." Tony mock salutes, and bursts into a bundle of giggles.
"Yeah, well you should all mind your own business. You'd swear I was asking you to give me his social security number and his mother's last name," Steve mumbles, petulantly frowning and staring back at the boy who was now alone, Danvers and Rhodes sneaking up the stairs as they usually did at parties, whether they were off or on. Steve's not sure where Janet went off to, but new boy has slinked back against the wall.
On the first night, he had barricaded his door while one of the other Omegas had gone into a heat due to their proximity to rutting Alphas. Tony had had to mask his scent with paraffin, lathering his scent glands in the thick oil to throw the Alphas off.
The laugh Tony let's out is adorable, and Steve can picture sketching the crinkles forming in the corners of his eyes. "You're a funny guy, Steve," Tony says, reclining in one of the patio chairs. "That handshake kinda made me feel like I was in a business meeting."
"The pretty one with the nice ass?" she asks, her signature smirk stretching across her face easily. "I have no idea."
Impatiently, Steve files the last part away. A good neighbour would congratulate someone on their courtship, no? "What does he do on Saturday's?"
"Mighty fine husband you have there, but you're not dressed like no house Omega, and we can smell the smoke on you."
Tony is quiet for a bit, and Steve thinks he's nodded off again before suddenly he's turning in his hold, a line pinching between his brow. "Hey, is everything fine?"
"This is not the way though, Tony, and I'm sure you know that. When an infection starts eating at your arm and you have exhausted all other options, you cut it off before it spreads, not resow the arm back on and invite it to live with you!"
"I'm glad you asked. We talked about it, and thought we'd do our dear old brother a favour," she tells him, foot still swinging. "But just know, when we call for it one day - and this day may not ever come - but if it does, you'll have to do us a favour."
"Okay..." Steve says trailing off, feeling a little suspicious. In their house, no one respected anyone enough to knock, even when social cues absolutely dictated that they
Harley nods. "I remember. You had to sleep at the hospital too, and me and Jaime stayed with Pops at the Tower."
Riri turns out to be a great partner (not that Peter ever doubted it), and they manage to cut their ideas down to a shortlist of five projects.
Gunshots rang out and sailed past Tony's head before any of the Wrecking Crew could even reach for their holsters, and in fear, Tony curled into a ball where he lay, squeezing his eyes shut.
"One more won't hurt ya', and I'll handle anyone who got a problem with how you're spendin' your hard-earned gold."
The kid doesn't seem all that bothered by Ty's presence, but the look of boredom on his face has Steve suppressing a laugh. From experience, and having seen first hand 'Ty the Guy' in action, Steve knows he's probably saying something stupid and ridiculously inappropriate.
Bucky had been careful to avoid his phone, and it's vibrating every time someone sent a message to the group chat. Nervously he approached the house, considering climbing up the tree and into his window before he shook the thought away. No, he had to face this.
"No no, go back to sleep, Steve. Thanks for the company last night," Tony whispers with a little goofy grin, making his way out the door.
Other than his dad in the kitchen, no other sounds immediately register to him; Harley isn't sliding off the stair rails, or chasing the twins around with a potato gun, and Morgan isn't toddling around naked, so Peter deems it safe to proceed. Waving Riri in and laughing off her curious gaze, Peter rushes, but not really (because that would weird Riri out even more) up the stairs, shouting a "Hey, Dad!" out when they get to the top and proceeding to keep a suspicious eye on their surroundings.
"And you won't if we have anything to say about it." Five heads turned to where the voice came from, finding three loaded rifles pointed in their direction. "Now you let the Omega go, and get on your knees."
"Well, your mom is definitely correct, the future belongs to those who grab it in both hands, and mold it to their liking," Tony cheers, earning a giggle from Morgan and a loud laugh from inside Harley's room.
While Tony had never been one to believe in God, his mama had been a Christian who had spent his formative years reading to him from the pages of her holy book. She'd never been too amused with Tony's smart mouth, even less so when he'd question her readings, and still, without fail, she'd read
Letting out an exasperated sigh, as if he was stupid, Bucky goes back to staring at the group across the room. "You know, like when you date a lot of people at the same time. Sisterwives, Stevie. Polar game!"
Please let me know of any tags I should add, and sorry for not replying to comments yet, will do so first thing in the morning I'm just super exhausted right now 💔
He'd wandered for days around the port, trying to remember what Rhodey had said about Reed. The man owned a smithy, but it couldn't be anywhere near the docks because no man had heard of him. He was hungry and cold when Reed finally stumbled upon him, trying to find himself at the bottom of the bottle of sweet wine his last "client" had left behind as payment. "Tony? Get up, come on."
"You're right, Sam, he could be a deadringer for teenage Steve, I don't know why I didn't see it before."
Peter mumbles out a "dad, she's only fourteen," at the same time Riri pauses, eyes wide and mouth slightly ajar, before quickly schooling her face into a casually blank mask.
Shooting up and smiling brightly at his dad, Harley claps him on the shoulders. "Really, Dad? Would you help me win the affections of my lady love?" he asks excitedly, grinning from ear to ear.
Your younger brother? The one who catapulted mashed potatoes at us and took over our Highlander club?
The sheets smell distinctly like Steve, and Tony feels comforted when he pulls the neatly folded quilt at the bottom of the bed over him, burrowing into the pillows for a good night's rest. He'd talk to Steve tomorrow.
"And you can see him in the morning, when you're sobered up. Imagine what Rhodey will say if he sees you like this."
"So you see, the meds aren't the problem. Peter's anxiety is physically manifesting because he's been under a lot of stress for a prolonged period of time. Whatever it is he's going through, he hasn't been working through it," Dr Park explains, running through the blood tests he had done with Peter. "I wouldn't recommend him using his binder any time soon either, he's likely to continue having panic attacks."
Tony frowns, skimming over the report. "That would be giving me a lot of power I don't have. Rules have changed, and they need to answer to the big dogs."
Gathering his strength, he picked up the half-full (and who said he wasn't an optimist) bottle and chugged it back, cringing back almost immediately. Okay, so clearly he wasn't making good decisions to start with, but would that stop him? No. Would he bw more careful next time? Also no.
Steve laughs out loud, grabbing his stomach to stop the aching and cooing at Harley's furrowed brows. "You're funny kiddo."
Tony sighs, feeling ten times heavier. "Not much, just that there has been both internal and external pushes for their return. It's inching closer to a year, and the governments dont want them acting without oversight, so they figured it's better to have them here under surveillance, than out there."
"We can grab something and eat it here, I really want to get the planning out of the way for right now."
"Chillax, Mother. Jane helped me out and I finished early," he says, sticking his tongue out at Bucky. "Unlike you, I don't know the struggle of last minute shit."
Tony becomes a regular in the locker room, bringing Rhodes snacks, and goofing off with the rest of the team before and after games. He wears Steve's shirts sometimes, and when he doesn't, his necklines hang low enough for the love bites Steve sucks into his skin to be on display.
"Thirty years," Rhodey interrupts, a hand wrenching his legs out of the brace with way more force than necessary. "Thirty years I've known you, and in that time, I've learned how your brain works - how you think, how you act, what pushes you to do certain things, and even how you reason. But this," he shakes his head, determinedly not meeting Tony's eyes, "I don't understand this Tony, and frankly, I don't think I want to."
While Tony had always laughed at her stories of Omegas dancing off into the night to join Satan's choir, something has him frozen, and when the goat bucks towards him with his horns, he finds himself sprinting off the street and into the woods that lined the town.
"So I should join up with people who've been threatening my and my people's existence? Joining this coalition of yours, should I expect more warships in the ocean?" Namor asks, pushing away from table. "This won't work, and you're a fool if you don't see it, Stark. How many questionable characters have you had on your roster? The Black Widow, Hawkeye, even good 'ole Captain American turned out to be criminals. Or maybe they knew something we don't about you?"
Peter slams his locker shut, nearly jumping out of his skin when he sees Riri casually leaning against the pillar next to him. "What?"
"My room's this wa-," Peter says, pointing down the hall and leading the way, freezing when he sees his Dad standing outside Harley's room, Morgan on his side, chatting away and doing that thing where he expresses with his hands.
When they finally come back to Earth and take note of their surroundings (as Dad says whenever someone gets to talking about something they really enjoy or are passionate about), they'd already made it to the main gate. Peter nervously jumps out with Riri, waves goodbye to the driver, Buddy, and punches the code in, sweaty fingers sliding off the pad
He doesn't tell her about his discussion with Bucky, or his pathetically real feelings, or the fact that he
"And people say Omegas are obsessed with our ages. Vanity isn't a good trait in marrying-age Alphas I hear."
When he'd left New York, he didn't have an article or item to his name beside the clothes on his back. Rhodey had had to buy all his things brand new on the way to the docks, and Ty had made off with them in the end, likely selling it off in the first town he'd stopped off in, or passing it out to whatever naive Omegas he had coerced into a "better" life.
Ty was a smooth guy, and if Steve hadn't seen it, he wouldn't even have noticed the change in his composure. "Yeah, of course. It was fun catching up with you, Marc Antony. We have to have dinner some time," he says, winking at Anthony and flashing Steve a grin. "You've been holding out on me, and Steve, it's great to see you back in the game, man. Tony's a real catch."
"Oh, that- uh, right." Bucky is suddenly bashful, rubbing the back of his neck while red creeps up his neck. "So... some of the guys and I thought it would be a good idea to talk to you..."
"It wouldn't work, Rhodey. Neither of us are in the business of forgiving, and they're in no position to make demands."
He had gone to see her and she was just as beat up as her dad, the sight of all those tubes and machines broke his heart beyond explanation, and, with the nurses giving him the go ahead to hold her (she was tiny), he had teared up looking at the oxygen mask covering half her face. She hadn’t been given the best lot in life, but come hell or high water, she would make it, stubborn as she was. His father’s ring had slipped around her wrist like the bangles Ms Jones had always worn to church, clanging in tune with the band to send praises and hallelujahs to heaven. Rhodey had never known if he had ever truly believed in God, had spent years running from him and hiding from him - he had thought if he didn’t pray, didn’t say his name, God would simply not have been able to find him, that he would be safe from the all-seeing eye in the sky that wiped out all of humanity for disobedience and had men almost killing their sons to prove their loyalty. But, in that moment cradling the little one closer to his chest, taking calmer breathes to help her heart beat match his, and he should really stop calling them her, Tony would slap him with his research papers of the benefits of gender neutral terms and how they positively affect kids in later life, he can’t help but send a tiny silent prayer upwards, to whoever was listening, whoever would help, to help them through this and make them better. He had had several holy men come by to pray for them, the Imam leaving him with an “Inshaallah the baby will grow strong in body and heart, just wait, Allah helps all” and James had been holding onto those words for days now. Thankfully, they had been getting better, their everyday chats during the Kangaroo sessions made her weak heart a little stronger as the days passed and her lungs had been drained with success. This would be the perfect time for Thor to come back from wherever he had disappeared to, and give them a birthing blessing as he had done with Jamie’s birth. Deities and aliens, this little one already had him wrapped around their finger and praying to anyone for help, but he knew they would make it and grow to be tough, a Rhodes in everything but name (and genetics) through and through. They had been eager to enter the world but now had to regain their strength to face another day.
Suppressing a groan, Steve swallows down another gulp of his pitiful beer. "Yeah, so what? Is it a crime to enquire about a new member of our school, Natasha?"
The Champions already had a webslinger named Spider-Man on their team; the boy had come from another dimension-slash-timeline along with another Captain Marvel, around the same time he'd taken on the alias and manifested his powers, becoming known as the friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man in Queens. Peter had never met the other Spider-Man, but his dads had and confirmed it wasn't another
Tony pauses, swallowing back emotion. "But that was wrong of me, Peter, not the parts of giving you your space and time, but expecting you to be the one to reach out to me. And I'm sorry about that, I really am. You are one of the best parts of my life, and the most amazing person I know. I don't want you to do anything, or say anything, I just want you to know that when you're ready,
"Riri! Peter said he was bringing a friend home, it's great to meet you," Tony says, taking Riri's hand and turning to blow a raspberry against Morgan's cheek, who giggles in delight. "This is Morgan, Peter's baby sister, 'Hey' to you too Petey," Tony adds dryly, winking at Riri.
"Not that that matters," Thor starts, gingerly rubbing at his ribs, "our classmates aren't really known for attending parties like these."
Ned had told him to smash it, or throw it off of the side of a building, anything to just get rid of it, and Peter should, really. It would be the smart thing to do, he just... couldn't though. Not yet.
"The two of you were just leaving," Sam says with a roll of his eyes. "Me 'n Steve don't want to watch you sucking face all night."
"I thought you wanted to watch this movie," Steve grinds out, gripping the arm on his side of the lounger.
Ty Stone was one of Steve's frat brother, and one of the only ones he didn't really get along with. The guy was pushy, and didn't understand moderation or humility, often getting their team fined because of his short temper. Steve was no saint, and aggression on the field was to be expected when you put a bunch of testosterone-fuelled twenty somethings together and made them compete for points and fight for a tiny ball, but he sure as fuck wasn't knocking the shit out of rival captains.
Harley suppresses his eyeroll, twirling more spaghetti onto his fork. "I'm going to light a small, but containable, fire in front of Peter's room, that way we smoke them out and Peter's forced to come out here with Riri," the boy deadpans.
Not noticing Harley's far-off look, Tony flicks his ear. "Firstly, don't squish my baby like that, and secondly, if I'm silly, you're both silly too, remember th- hey!" Tony's cut off as Harley pushes past them and plants himself in front of the Angel.
"You should approach him, Steven. Maybe he'd be interested in joining your frat?" Thor smirks, patting Steve on the back before going off into the crowd - probably to ice those ribs - and Steve might just take him up on his suggestion. The poor kid does look lonely, and it was Steve's duty to get people interested in pledging for their frat. So what if he didn't really
His chest burns from the phantom pains licking up his ribs and pooling right where the arc used to be, but at leastthere are no scratches tonight. He hadn't had arc-related nightmares in years, who knew a shield to the chest would make dying in space seem preferable?
While he never really felt cold much these days, with the heat from the forge and a well-placed lamp and heap of blankets back at the hostel always consistent in his life now, he hadn't counted on being lost in the woods for hours, or for the rain to start back up and the dizzying experience of trying to see straight ahead of him once dusk had settled. Crying out, he slid down the side of a slope, landing face-first in the softened soil.
The buzz he and Matt had heard before, became a hum, and Tony found himself getting ambushed from every angle all at once.
"I know, should have gone into comedy, right?" Tony jokes, elbowing him in the side. The sit in silence for all of 15 seconds (a new record for Tony, by the way), before he starts whistling, swinging his feet back and forth. "So..."
"Of course it isn't, I think the only thing missing is for you to either a) be one of the popular kids, and we rule the school together as the IT-couple of the century, or b) be the not-as-popular new kid who's into nerdy things, but catches my interest and dunks on my popular girlfriend, who definitely doesn't deserve me, to win me in the end," Steve throws back, eyes glistening.
"Are you just going to chill here, or did you need something? Not that I'm sending you away of course, it's just weird for you to be here. Alone. In a way."
He quietly unlocks the door, earning a raised eyebrow from Riri when he pokes his head in, scoping the surroundings. He can hear someone fluttering around the kitchen, and if his nose is right - which it always is when it comes to food - can smell the heavenly aroma of his dad's famous spaghetti. If Dad was home cooking lunch, it meant that Pops wasn't, but that he'd most likely picked the kids up on his way home - so Harley, the twins and Morgan were home, which usually was a recipe for disaster, especially since Morgan had discovered running.
"Tony, if you're about to say anything other than praising me for my skills, or thanking me for the sleep you're about to get, save it. You're my friend, and this is something I wanted to do for you, so no apologies, and no shame, and definitely no gold."
Hi, I hope you like the update, I feel like the story running off ahead of me and waiting for me to catch up 😂
Noticing his panic, Steve stands up to sit beside him, a grounding hand on his neck. "Hey, no need to worry about it. They know not to mention you, we wanted to speak to you first."
"Sam and Bucky invited me out there to see a plot of land they wanted to farm, on a strictly consultancy basis."
Tony is splayed out on his bed, tapping Steve's chest and scrolling through his insta feed as he waits for him to wake up. Jan is at some ski lodge with Rand and Drew, Ty's attending winter galas, Bucky and Nate are-
When they're out in the yard waiting for his Dad, Riri reminds him of her offer to join the Champions.
Steve makes Tony breakfast in bed, and at the end of his gym sessions, when Steve stumbles back home sore and exhausted, Tony takes to rubbing out his muscles while going over his semester projects.
"Lie, simple as that. Tell him your battery is flat, or your service is down, whatever you can to kill contact between them for now." Sam goes over to coat closet, grabbing his jacket and making his way out of the house. "Just don't let them speak."
His number one goal in high school is to be cool, which at the moment, he's failing at terribly. The only people who thought he was cool were his parents, and his best friend, Ned.
"And here I thought you didn't read, how does a small-town boy like you know about Greek mythology?"
"Steve isn't the only artist, you know. Maybe if you hung out with us apart from him you'd know that." Bucky poked him in his side, sliding his tablet over to himself. "What's this?"
"I'm still not happy about the Romanov situation, but if you're sure about this,  I won't protest it."
"Yeah, of course. You should see mine." Riri grins, grabbing a circuit board and carefully putting it on a shelf. "We don't have to do anything too complex, but I definitely want ours to stand out."
"Why I thank you, my good sir," Tony starts, snuggling into the warm fabric. "This is a bit clichéd isn't it? Not that the letterman or you totally being a boy scout is too much or anything."
"Don't worry PC, I like you enough," Tony tries to expel the awkwardness, leaning back into arm Steve has around his shoulders.
Janet finally catches up with them, shoving a first year out of the way to hook her arm in with Tony's other one. "So I totally just learned Beast is at Xavier's. I always thought he was more of a Harvard type," she says excitedly, sliding her glasses down over her eyes. "Hi, by the way, Steve."
While Tony hadn't closed himself off to anyone or denied himself any friends (the easiest way to hide was in plain sight after all), he understood that what Bucky and Sam and Steve had, and what Sue and Reed and Ben and Johnny had, wasn't something he'd ever have again. Rhodey was on the west coast last he'd seen him, waving Tony off and risking his life and reputation to get him to safety, while his mama had long ago boarded a ship back to her homeland, leaving him in Obi's
There's a few lights on down the hall from his room, and Tony can hear one of the showers running in the bathroom in Steve's section. He pauses before twisting the door open, smiling in satisfaction to find it unlocked, but empty. Thor must have been right.
At this angle, his neck is spraining, but the satisfaction of having Steve's dick in his mouth takes precedence, spurring Tony on to swallow him in deeper.
Bucky and Steve watch miserably as the Omegas their hearts were set on flirt and joke with the other men in the bar, Sam standing up to join them after the fifth deep sigh that comes out of Steve. "Either you join them, ask them to sit on your knots for all of eternity, or keep staring at them in silence while braver men make their intentions known," their long-time friend says in passing, tapping Tony's leg and sitting down to get a lapful of the brunet Omega.
That doesn't mean you should just abandon us. We're your children. Your family. We should come first.
"Dad, I don't feel good, and I don't know what's happening," he cries, voice tiny as he clutches onto Tony's nightstand.
Thankfully, nobody busts their doors in looking for Natasha, or breaks any bones (which was suspicious in itself), but Scott Lang and Barton do hand themselves in at an embassy in London a month later.
At the boy's outward show of sadness, Tony stands back up, drawing him into a hug between him and Morgan. "You don't have anything to worry about, kiddo, and if we do have to stay, I'm sure it won't be for months."
Jaime climbs up on the bed beside Peter with his pictures, splaying them out across his covered legs. "I brought me!"
"Either you put on thigh high boots and get a landscape painted on your back to protest corporate greed killing the planet, or we eat you first in the revolution."
The kid he has his eye on is pretty,  and noticeably new, at least to Steve. He can't keep his eyes off of him, watching him laugh with and lean into Rhodes, an untouched beer clutched in his hands. Janet van Dyne has them engrossed in conversation, all of them animatedly gesturing with their hands.
"No you don't," Thunderbolt says, a wicked gleam in his eyes. "Most Omegas these days whore themselves out for a speck of gold dust and a warm place to stay. Now we don't have a warm place for you to stay, darlin', but I'm sure we can compensate you greatly for your time."
On his way back to the room, he spots Morgan standing up in her crib, staring at him with wide, wet eyes.
A hand comes down on Steve's shoulder, laughter ringing in his ear, and Bucky's signature stubble rubbing against his cheek.
They lock eyes momentarily, and before Steve can even get a word out, he's getting dragged towards the smaller man, his arms coming to circle around his waist. "Babe, where have you been?"
"Yeah totally, I have some ideas rolling around, so we can spitball and combine the best of ours, and my dad said it'd be okay if we asked him for help."
Before he can think to do either (and prove himself to be the weird loser half the school thinks he is), Riri steps forward, patting his back. "Hi Mr Parker, I'm Riri," she says hand outstretched, "and who's this cutie?" she continues, cooing at Morgan.
The men approached him gradually, one pushing his hood off his head to reveal a masked face, leering at him so hard, his rotting teeth were showing.
When the captain had refused him anymore oil for his lamp and had simply tossed him a few candle sticks, he knew he only had two options regarding the savagery that was taking place on board: either he got to work and lined his pockets, or sit like a limp fish and be raped by the brutes on the ship.
"'Young Innovator' you say? Now you're talking my language kiddo," Tony replies, eyes shining with excitement, and trying to dispel the awkward atmosphere, "are you interested in tech, Riri, or just science in general? You know, I know a guy at MIT, I can get you a great reference if you're interested."
"So, your son just flew up the stairs like a bat outta hell and told me, in not so many words, that I'm an inconsiderate bozo," Steve says as Tony's putting Morgan in her high chair. The baby gurgles happily, sticking a chubby hand in her mouth as she stares at her parents. "I just can't keep up, 'cause just this morning he got mad that I woke him up instead of asking Jarv to do it."
"I'm focusing on it, but I'm trying to understand how you fell in a busy street and no one saw you."
Even now, months later, the super soldier was still buying into his own delusions, along with the rest of the team; she couldn’t even recognise who Clint had become these days, bitterness and hatred consuming his mind. Steve rarely mentioned his children, the children he had left without a word and betrayed within the blink of an eye, or expressed fear for Tony surviving, convinced it was just some media ploy to garner sympathy and to get them arrested – he hadn’t even reacted to the little girl Potts had announced was born to Tony,
"I was thinking we needed the reinforcements," Tony says, drawing his legs up under him. "What's coming? What's out there? We're not prepared for
Cold, weary, and miserably wet, he pushed himself to his knees, halting when the sound of muffled footsteps stopped behind him. Stealing a look, he spies cloaked figures making their way towards him.
"It really isn't, Tony, and I'm sorry. That was unfair of me, but you have to consider that these people aren't rational, especially when it comes to personal situations like this. Natasha may not be on Barnes's level of importance, but she was his second for years. Who says this isn't their shitty plan to force their way back in? Natasha's in the US, so they figure they divebomb the place and have just enough time to demand shit from us and the council."
"I'm looking and can't seem to find the cute." Harley scoffs, turning back to his phone and tapping impatiently on his chat with Peter. If only he had twin, maybe then he wouldn't feel the betrayal that Peter was putting him through.
"I can't! This quiz closes in like thirty minutes and I haven't even gotten started, and I can't find my phone, and the fucking bursary off-"
The guy gives him a sleepy grin, bright and unguarded, a hand coming to rest on the small of his back.
Peter was understandably a lot different post-Germany. Though he still kept up his grades, and interacted with his friends and the family, Tony could tell something big had changed.
"Then I should be thankful, my soul might still be saved with a man as virtuous as you defending it."
"What it dooooo, Stevie?" Bucky shouts over the music, already slurring his words together and grabbing Steve's hand to knock back his drink.
Still, weak for a loving touch before all of this went up in his face, Tony curls around Steve's arms, cradling his leg between his own. Steve groans behind him, digging his nose into the side of his neck and blows a wet kiss there, causing Tony to giggle.
"That's the word on the street, love. You're taking the Storm boy to bed and makin' a man outta him." Nat sniffs, taking a long sip of her drink. "Which I don't understand, I myself like my men a little older, a little more refined. What do you even talk to that youngin about?"
"Combat-wise, things were smooth as butter though, half the team hated me and yet we were still able to do our jobs." Tony digs into his bag, sliding the proposal towards him. "Instead of groups of heroes and mutants running around and trying our best to stop a better and more organised enemy, we need to band together."
Paying no mind to Steve, she leads the giggling Omega to a seat at the bar. "Tony comes here to spend time with me, not you no-good Alphas."
Tony injects his thigh with the syringe, soothing the area with a wet cloth after. "You think I don't notice things but I do, and..." Tony hesitates, "I don't think I can hold my tongue anymore."
Sam looks grim, crossing his arms across his chest. "I doubt that, honestly. But anyway, we just need to make sure that we're up before Steve and that we get him out of the house without them seeing each other. He's got a tut at nine, so we should be able to pull it off."
Steeling himself to look perfectly normal, he nodded at the two campus security guards passing by, before rushing forward when the big ugly greek letters of Steve's house came into view. Steve's light on the second floor was off, but suddenly a bright idea came to Tony. Removing his hands from the warmth of his pockets, he combined the lawn for pebbles.
"You're sure not thinking of other people Pops, so it's up to me to be considerate." And with that, the boy spins on his heel and takes the stairs two at a time.
Tony had been her friend, a man who loved her and took her in despite what she had done to him in the past, and all she had wanted to do was control him - first for S.H.I.E.L.D., then for Steve, and supposedly always for everyone’s own good. Tony was volatile, a ticking time bomb waiting to go off, he’d mess up somehow, it didn’t matter how or when, but it was inevitable, was what she had told herself and pandered to the rest of the team. He can’t be trusted to make decisions by himself, it’s best for
Bucky sighs, staring up at the second floor miserably but taking the stairs two at a time, scared of what Thor might have said in the five minutes he had been alone with Steve.
A new contender for Tony's heart enters the ring, Bucky and Natasha are stubbornly in love, and Sam is tired of the idiots around him who can't just ~talk~ about their feelings.
They both turn their heads when they hear sputtering, a red-faced Steve shying over to the bar. "Sorry, I-I was just topping up our drinks."
"Do you think the rest of them are hiding out in Europe? I have some sources I can contact," Reed offers, meeting Tony's eyes with an understanding expression.
" And you know this how, Natasha?" Thor cuts in, voice booming above the music as he squeezed himself into the space beside Nat.
"No," Sam replies, levelling Bucky with another unimpressed stare. "Thor, Steve needs your laptop, his quiz closes in thirty and you know how his freezes."
"Tony. Are you okay?" Bruce glares at them from his position, his hand hopelessly searching for his spectacles. Tony giggles.
"Dr Park, we have a Code Blue, and Peter seems to have a really high temperature," Tony informs the doctor, listing off his symptoms. "Can I bring him in right now, or should I try to let him sleep the worst of it off?"
Tony groans into his whiskey, rolling his eyes in exasperation. "You small town folk don't have much to do around here besides gossip, it's probably why so many of you have so many pups running around."
Now why he thought possibly facing wolves and bandits was easier than just crossing the street and running off, Job alone would know, and he had run too far in to figure out which way was the way back to the road, so on he trudged, trying to map the stars whenever a sliver of the sky appeared between the leaves of the tightly grown redwoods.
"Everyone's been telling me to give you time, that eventually you'd come around, and really, I've been trying. I've been trying so hard to give you the space work out your feelings," Tony says clasping their hands together. "So I didn't meddle, and I didn't push, I didn't ask Friday to keep eyes on you and report your every move to me, I tried to give you the space you needed, hoping you'd find your way back to me on your own."
"Oh, the blonde one, right? I didn't think he was weird," Riri says, her face not showing any sign of joking. "Came on a little strong, but he kept it fresh. He seemed, I don't know, charming in his own little way."
Tony smirks down at him, pinching his cheek lightly. "How about banana pancakes? I'm starving to have something in my mouth you know."
Tony sighed, swinging his legs over the bed and walking over to the washstand. Pouring water into the bowl, he washed his face of sleep, hoping the puffiness would subside before he left for work.
"Well, I'm a changed man." Harley stops in the lounge, handing the second player control over to his brother. "I'm not an idiot, Pete, just a kid in love, with the best parts of Dad and Pops working to ensure my success."
Too shaken to talk, Tony burrowed into his neck thankfully, shaking like a leaf in the large man's arms. Soon, two other bodies joined him, running reassuring hands through his hair and down his arms until his eyes closed, body finally giving in to sleep after the stress of the past hour.
"That's not relevant, Tones. My comrades know to circle back and do what needs to be done once we snuff out the big fish first."
He didn't really know why he was thinking of these things, after all, if he wanted a family, he could have just stayed in New York. Still, as irrational as he knew he was being, it didn't stop him from feeling a deep rooted sadness.
"Let's leave Peter and Riri to their work, baby," Tony rushes out, ushering Harley back into his room and silencing his complaints with a quick warning look. "I'll come by the lab later, I can't wait to see what you guys think of."
"No, not that, Steve." Tony sits up, the quilt falling away from him to pool around his waist. "I'm really sorry, this wasn't fair to you."
A small part of him (that he would never admit to it, or even acknowledge) felt relieved that he was only a call or a text away from his dad, despite the anger and resentment he felt towards him. His therapist had told him to cut off where his limits stopped, to not stand by the door waiting for him to come home (metaphorically and literally), but Peter's sure that isn't what he was doing, right?
She smiles excitedly, pointing a foot out.  "Thanks, they're one hundred percent recycled plastic. I made them myself." They get launched into a conversation about the growth of green consumerism and the dying planet, Steve mentioning his second term art installation project and proposing Jan be a contributor.
He's hefting a crate of carrots off of the back of the buckboard when he sees a beautiful young man pass by. Clad in the cloth shirt and leather breeches of any regular smithy, his face and hands blackened from working in the furnace, the man should not have caught his eye at all, except that he did, and Steve can't bring himself to look away. He moves with simple, fluid grace, chestnut curls plastered to his forehead from the heat; looking neither left nor right, nor even showing any reaction to the catcalls from the boys coming from the mines, the man is the picture of silent grace - and then, Steve catches his scent.
Dressing the next morning was hell on earth for his pained joints. Bucky had brought him some clothes, a worn-out linsey-woolsy and a camisole with frayed ribbons, that in Tony's state seemed like the greatest gift. He didn't really want to go to breakfast or in to town butt naked.
"Those are some real bad manners you got there, your mama never teach you how to speak to an Alpha?" The man holding him asked with a wicked grin, yanking at the strings of Tony's shirt, ripping it off his shoulders and down his chest. "We didn't even get your name."
Something changes between them in that week, just a subtle change that has them being more touchy in front of the others, and not minding the jokes at their expense so much.
Tony walks into the restaurant Steve had tested him about, Jan on his heels, and spots Thor's hulking figure carrying beers over to tables pushed together in the corner.
Tony pats his cheek softly, running a thumb over his cheek. "Morning, Prince Charming, I didn't mean to wake you," he says, sliding all the way off the bed and rummaging around the room for his shoes. "You can go back to sleep, Steve. I'll see myself out."
Tony had sustained more than internal trauma and superficial scars and scratches, his already weak heart and damaged sternum had taken the brunt of the damage Steve had done with the shield, with other organs and faculties failing and becoming more damaged in the time he was out in the cold. Not to mention the post-op trauma after having an emergency C-section done in the waiting room of a rural Siberian town’s local clinic.
Peter glances around the yard, trying to spy where Harley might have hid. "Oh- no, I want to- well I'd have to think about it, you know? I've been trying to stay downlow for a bit; once the media get a wiff of a supe joining a team, they start swarming. And I promised my dads I'd be careful and low-key."
-Tony is not a trash parent, he's just trying to give Peter time to work through his feelings. Big miscommunication between the two, because Peter's not mad/resentful of him!!
"Exactly, think about how you sound, Reed. Do you want to see my ankle to make sure I hurt it? You know what? I don't take kindly to people who call me a liar." Tony reaches down to start unwrapping the bandage, Reed rushing over to stop him.
"Thanks, Steve. You can give Bruce your congratulations when you get those herbs for Bucky. Let's settle up."
"Tony?" Nat quirks an eyebrow in Steve's direction, watching the man try to make himself as small as possible.
"No 'but dads'," Steve interjects, wiping the mess of puree off of Morgan's cheeks and ignoring the twins' snickering. "That won't endear you to Riri, or your brother."
"Tony, what's wrong?" Steve finds the man sitting in the wicker chair on the porch, face turned to the sun.
"We've been plowing and planting the fields for a few years, Bucky's been seeing opportunity in starting a grape arbour, so we've been trying to clear that area over there." Steve pointed to the land at the end of the property.
"Of course, Steve. Excuse my foul mouth." Tony winks up at him, taking a sip from his drink and letting the taste roll over his tongue.
- Tony is currently going through a really rough depressive episode, and this chapter is a bit heavy!!
Now though, he just wanted to sleep, to numb himself and sleep until he felt better, even if he didn’t deserve to feel better, not when Rhodey couldn’t walk, might never walk again thanks to him and the baby they hastily took out of him was somewhere in the very hospital he was lying in, fighting for their life. The nurses had told him it was a girl, which led to them sedating him after an incredible laughing fight which immediately led to a crying fit. At 46 years old, you shouldn’t be having kids, let alone preemies, despite having Jamie not 2 years ago, that had been under extreme medical supervision and he had at least known he was pregnant. This baby though, he had already ruined their life, bringing them into a world where their sire had smashed a vibranium shield in his chest and had promptly skipped off into the sunset with their grandmother’s killer. But then again Barnes didn’t kill Howard or Maria, the Winter Soldier did but that didn’t change the fact that every time Tony closed his eyes he saw Barnes’ hands and eyes and body murdering his mom. Boy, he should not be thinking about this right now.
Between the next few shots that cried into the air, someone stumbled over with heavy boots, yanking him up by the hair. "Now you boys go on ahead before I shoot the bit-" before Thunderbolt could finish the sentence, a bullet and his brain became acquainted with each other, splattering blood and brain matter over Tony's face.
Peter nods, rushing around the room to clear his desk and shove half-finished projects onto end tables and other surfaces. "Sorry about the mess, I like to keep busy before bed."
Tony rolls his eyes again, signalling for Remy to top him up. "Trust me, Natasha, if I take 'em to bed, it's not because I enjoy their company. A knot is a knot."
Tony woke to the pattering of rain on the window, tucked into a straw bed and covered with a heavy quilt.
He misses a meeting a January, but from the minutes, some general had opened the floor to discussing the Rogue's return, and not in a 'we need eyes on them and a way to make sure they don't cause international tensions' way. Tony has to move fast, and with Matt and Jennifer Walters, gets the council to agree on capturing them with the intent of sending them to trial, instead of the manhunt that had started up after Barton and Lang had appeared. Some factions wanted them back, but there were many more who wanted to see a reckoning, so there Tony was trying to find a middle ground.
The Champions were a superhero teen society that operated all over the world. Riri was currently the only superkid in Queens that belonged to the society, joining after assisting them in (as usual for New York) a world-ending event. While many of the Champions kept their identities hidden, she was one of the few who didn't, and thus was able to be Iron Heart more often.
"You'll be the first to know when the grapes ripen, or you should just come out here on weekends and help us work the field, since you're such a wine expert."
Nervously, he shifts from foot to foot, finally deciding to knock. If the kid was up this late, he was either having a stroke of genius, or a rough night himself.
Spider-Man should have never been out there, especially knowing what stakes were at play, but Tony had never expected it to break out into a fight in the first place. Steve could be unreasonable sometimes, sure, but he had never escalated things to physical violence between the team, a little one-on-one roughhousing with Tony, sure, but the team had never come to blows, so he hadn't considered them a threat.
Steve is breathing against his neck lightly, his head tucked into Tony's neck, and even though it's making the crick worse, Tony can't bring himself to move out of the embrace.
They find his parents in the den, Morgan and Pops dozing off in front of the TV and Dad pouring over some documents.
The kid is a bundle of nervous energy though, his hair pointed in every direction from the way he had run his hands through them and she's almost sure he'd bite his lip right off if he didn't chill out. On a limb, she decides to just go for it.
Tony wrangles Reed, and later Stephen, the Sorcerer Supreme, into a meeting as soon as he can, proposing the establishment of a new superhero body that dealt with extraterrestial threats. The council agrees, and Ross, the
"Kf course he can, I'm really not trynin' to imply anything, but with what happened with Sharon, someone has to look out for Steve, even when he doesn't want us to."
"You're overthinking this, Parker. We worked together on the bodega robberies, remember? You definitely should get something to mask your voice, not many kids around here sound like you."
"Shh, don't you worry about a thing. Let me make you feel good." Natasha kisses his brow gently, trailing feather light pecks down the side of his face to his exposed collarbone.
We're all in a difficult position right now. I'm doing everything I can to get back home to you guys.
He tries to subtly pull a pillow out from under the bed-usurper's head before pausing, recognising the tangled nest of curls. Steve lifts the blanket back from the as-yet unidentified figure's head, and is equal parts relieved and worried to see Tony.
"Don't bother your brother, kiddo. You can figure out how to approach her on another day," Steve reassures him, unhooking Morgan and taking her back to her room for a change of clothes.
"And this?" Natasha asks, popping up behind Tony. "Is Remy bullying you into drinking his disgusting moonshine?"
Thank you to everyone for reading, thank you for the kudos and the comments, thank your the support and for your incredible patience 💛
"Nothing," Tony replies, a small smile crossing his lips. "I'm just thinking about home. I suppose absence does make the heart grow fonder."
"Actually, Anthony is very popular with our classm-" Thor starts to say, getting cut off when Nat sends an elbow into his ribs.
"Oh oh oh!" Tony screams when she twists her fingers, slamming them in and out with a gentleness unlike any other. With his legs spread like this, and Nat almost a fist deep in him, Tony feels like he
in all honesty, the blonde had just wanted a cash cow, pimping Tony out and never letting him see even a speck of the profits. He'd been okay with that at first, excited at the prospect of having someone take care of him, making sure nobody was hurting him, but then he'd set upon the other girls, extending his "services" to them and coming by Tony's room less and less.
"Yeah, I guess we do, but we're always just scratching the surface. I think that has a lot to do with me. I'm too scared to push you."
It's not exactly unfamiliar to find someone bunking in his room, but after a long night of being cooped up in the study centre, Steve wants to pull his hair out at the sight. He curses Sam, or Brock, or whoever gave their one night stand the idea that Steve's room was free real estate, and pads over silently to put his sketchbook away and get an extra blanket to make his stay on the couch a little more comfortable.
Pushing his impatience aside, Steve smiles encouragingly at the huge blonde, who, though insanely smart, could be hella dense at times. "Yeah, and..."
Halfway through the movie, he slids a hand up Steve's thigh, teasingly tracing his cock through his jeans. Steve squirms, and shoots Tony a dark look, but doesn't make any move to stop him.
"This must be their new angle," Stephen laughs, sliding the paper over to Tony. "Get the news out to pressure you to release them from the 'inhumane' captivity."
"Don't forget to breathe when you speak," Tony says amused, laying Morgan down beside Harley and taking a seat on the side of the bed.
"Okay, fine. Go tell them they can't be in the room then. Isn't there a rule against that?" he asks, stabbing at a meatball.
"Steve's out of town, he wanted us to make sure you were sleeping enough, so come on, let's sleep enough."
Both Tony and the baby needed to rest and heal. If it meant Rhodey had to step up and deal with everything else, the questions from Ross and the media as to where Tony was, and how the actual hell Rogers had broken his band of misfits out of the Raft (Tony didn’t know about that one yet and Jim would keep it that way for as long as he could, all news stations were barred from being played on the television in the corner and Tony had been too out of it to protest), he would. Vision had taken the kids to Malibu, along with Barton’s wife Laura and their kids (how he had ended up with a saint like that was beyond Rhodes) to keep them safe and away from anyone getting bright ideas to strike with all the confusion going on. Pete and Harley might be missing school for a while but Jim had made sure to explain the situation and have them do the work online. His family would heal, and whether that took months or years, he would be the wall that they could count on to keep them safe and sheltered from the world.
Hope you guys enjoy it, I'm on holiday so I seem to be able to do an update for at least one story every day (it's made easier by the fact that I have most of the updates already half-written in my notes app 😂)
Rhodey wasn’t the only one worrying and fretting about him, perhaps the least subtle in his actions, more open, more questioning, a silent rage behind the calm demeanour (not angry at Tony, never angry at Tony even though Tony let that happen to him, to his legs) – he had always been that way and at any other time, any other situation, Tony would have been appreciative of it, would have drawn him close and wrapped his arms around him, and Rhodey would have engulfed him and kissed the top of his head like he always did.
"So, as new friends, we need to get to know each other better, right? How about we start with the basics, what's your favourite food? Do you like Italian?"
By Spring, the rush through town had slowed into a steady daily trickle that helped boost most of the stores and businesses lining the main street. They manage to clear the plot of land for the grape arbor and Bucky orders materials from San Antonio that arrives with another wagon-load of settlers.
Steve laughs when he gets back to find Tony propped up on an elbow, stroking his dick languidly. "Strawberry scented lotion," Steve shows him the bottle, before grabbing the rubber they'd discarded to the side and tearing it open with his teeth.
"I want engines and the smell of oil on my clothes and in my hair, Stark, not robot puppies who could take over the world with one missed calculation."
"We have an eight seven point seven success rate, I'd hardly call that going wrong all the time," Thor huffs, coming over to peel Tony away from him.
"Hey, thanks for that, Ty can be a little much at times, you know?" Anthony says, beginning to pull Steve along with him as he headed outside.
When Tony wakes up again, much more sober, his head throbbing and his tongue feeling thick and swollen, he's aware that he's not in his room.
"If you feel like you want to repay me, you can tell me whether or not James talks about me." She smiles then, so openly and sincerely all at once that it's hard for Tony to look away.
"Dad told us never to define ourselves by our failures. They don't make us." Sam grins, hopping off the bed with his twin to shake on it.
Steve shrugs out of Bucky's hold, his best friend collapsing against Nat in a heap of giggles, and downs another swig of beer before making his way over to the guy. Stealing a shot of...
The morning is still young from the light shining beyond his window, and he's hardly heard anyone shuffling around the halls, so he enjoys his fleeting moment of peace with Tony, dragging him below him. He peppers kisses down Tony's neck and asks if he is up for sex, giving his hand a squeeze. Tony says yes, wrapping his legs around Steve's waist to get him to grind against him.
They'd never been this stilted or awkward around each other. Peter was so perfect, Tony sometimes found it hard to believe he came from him, that he hadn't built him in a lab with code and steel. They spoke one language, and when Harley and Jamie started talking, they joined them. Now though, Tony felt like he needed a translator, he and Peter never seemed to be on the same page anymore.
Startling at the attention now on him, Tony turns to look at Natasha, wide eyed and slightly tipsy. "Nat."
"Tell you what," Dr Park starts, and Tony can hear shuffling on the other side of the line, "let's see how he fares tonight and then you bring him by in the morning. Do you have anything to help him sleep?"
Harley sighs, slinging an arm around his brother and leading him to his room. "Brother, have thee so little faith?" Harley asks, taking advantage of the two inches he had over his brother. "Is it so hard to believe that I'm a reasonable person who realised my intense approach wasn't working?"
Climbing the stairs, his stomach twisted when he thought of how Tony looked in the lab. He'd been near tears when he'd asked Bucky to leave, a hysteria building behind his voice like Bucky had never heard before. He could only hope Rhodes only caught up to him after he finished his essay.
"Close your mouth, Rogers, you'll catch flies." Steve is brought back to Earth by Thor's booming voice, letting out the breath he hadn't even know he'd been holding. "Something ain't he?"
Still, he had protected his identity and was sure no one beside his parents knew about it (and even then, it had taken him some time before he told his pops about it). How Riri had found out his secret, he didn't known, but it did leave him a bit uneasy around the girl.
When he finishes and she walks over to her basin, returning with a wet cloth, the shame and embarrassment finally sinks in. "Nat I-"
When Tony had had his fill, and his groggy mind finally shook away the cobwebs, an alertness settled over him. "So, to who do I owe my thanks?"
Laughter rumbled through the group of four, and Tony paled slightly, inconspicuously trying to find something he could use for a weapon in case things went left. "I seem to have lost my way, why don't you fine gentleman point me back to the road and we can all be on our way?"
NB: continuity issue on my part, people DO know about Steve/Tony, but this only happened after the SHIELD leaks. That's why doctor mentions it in ch 2, we'll blame the oops in chapter one on Tony's morphine?
A rush of footsteps followed him, and before he knew it, he was surrounded, and held in place by two huge hands, crying out in pain as his foot twisted unnaturally. "Now hold on, sweetheart, we weren't done speaking with you just yet."
"He wasn't talking to you lot," Nat pipes up, shaking out of Bucky's hold to grab Tony's arm and move to another table.
Time stretches on both too slow and too fast all at once, he's not sure how long they have to prepare for things on the ground, or how to navigate people into preparing themselves for a threat that may never come in their lifetimes, but he tries nonetheless. Ben, Charles and Stephen travel as envoys to meet the Inhuman king and queen, and share as much of the plans that might affect them, without giving too much away and compromising their position.
"Okay, Kid," Tony whispers, stepping back as the boy disappeared back into his room, door shutting behind him, and the feeling of a metaphorical door shutting between them too.
For one, he had a mirror installed on the roof for shits and giggles (but it turned out to be exactly what was needed during his and Steve's week-long sexathon), and for two, he was cramped in a single bed with a strong arm curled around him.
"He goes to Nat's, fills himself with a nice, warm meal and then heads upstairs to get serviced by one of her girls, sometimes he even goes by Clint's room."
He's in an old football shirt that belonged to Rhodes, his number and surname displayed on the back, and a well-worn pair of jeans. It was incredibly endearing and nice to see, and if he'd been in Steve's number, it would have been even better.
"Please let me get Howard out the paint before you come for me, and also, is your dad not super rich?"
When his Dad brings the kids to visit him the next day, he can't bring himself to look at him. The phone feels like it's burning a hole through the mattress and at any time might just make itself known.
"How was your day?" Steve whispers, fingers curling in the hair at the base of Tony's neck and smiling at him so softly, and so openly.
Hope you guys enjoyed it, what are your thoughts?? Please tell me what you think of the new developments 😏💛
After breakfast, amidst a mass of ill-timed innuendos and jokes, Bucky and Sam had conveniently found 'super important' work they'd forgotten to do, leaving Steve to show Tony around the farm.
And with that, Peter shoved the cell phone under the mattress, turning over to stare out at the sky. That definitely wasn't a good idea.
"So you start speaking like you're straight off Game of Thrones?" Tony quirks an eyebrow in question.
Smiling bashfully at his dad, Peter rubs the back of his neck, walking over to peck his dad and Morgan on their cheeks. "Hey dad, this is Riri. She's like insanely smart, she even created her own A.I. and won an award from the mayor of Chicago," Peter says, before blushing furiously and turning to Riri and adding apologetically, "or so I've heard... Sorry, Riri, I overheard some underclassmen say that..."
"Then why are you going to dad for help when we're right here?" Thing Two asks, plopping down on Harley's bed. "We could make things happen for you, Harley, everyone loves cute kids, and I mean, look at us."
"Yeah that's fine, thanks." Tony pulls the duvet up, tucking it around Peter. Despite his feverish temperature, he's shaking like a leaf.
"Uh, ye-yes. So be good for him and get to bed." Thor tucks him into Bruce's bed, the owner having vacated so that Tony could be the one sleeping by the wall. "Just go to bed, and we'll chat in the morning, okay?"
By the time Steve's snuffing out the joint after his last drag, Tony's drooling on his shoulder, an arm hooked through his. While this was certainly not the way he thought the night would go, Steve can't say he's disappointed.
-No essential reading necessary, I'm adapting the superheroes to the mcu, so no need to worry about that 😘
"No," Steve says, flinging the quilt off of himself and getting out of bed to approach the man. When he reaches out to him, Tony turns away, still avoiding his eyes. "Tony, look at me."
Peter doesn't join the champions, but he does form an alliance with them, and becomes really good friends with Riri and their tech guy, Amadeus (who's Helen Cho's son, and wow, Peter feels dumb for not connecting the dots).
"I think I fucked things up, ans it's all your faults! I told you guys Sam should have been the one to talk to him!"
Feeling his orgasm building up, Steve leans forward to kiss him, soft and slow and deliciously distracting. Tony can't think of anything else except Steve; Steve's lips pressing against his, his tongue picking into Tony's mouth, the hand he has curled around Tony's hip. He's nothing except this kiss, and this moment. The world could be ending right now and Tony wouldn't even notice.
"I know that, dad. You've always been." Peter pulls Tony into a hug, and for a short moment, the rest of the world goes quiet.
"If you need to speak to your parents about it, I understand you can't give an offer right now. I'm not trying to push you Peter, I get that some supes are strictly solo acts."
"The council has options, so I doubt they want 'heroes' who caused an international incident just a few months ago." Sue's voice is cool as she comes over to lean against the table, reading the article over Tony's shoulder. "Says they struck a deal for blanket immunity."
"You know who we're talking about?" Sam winces, already thinking of how much they'll need to change the plan.
Peter, still furiously blushing, apologises immediately, leading a now shell-shocked Riri to his room down the hall, breathing out a sigh of relief when the bedroom door clicks shut behind them.
On theirway home, Sam calls out to Steve from his horse. "You know, Steve, that Storm boy sure looks like you."
Rhodey is worried, as much as he tries to hide it. We’ve known each other for years, and that particular frown meant Tony was the cause of it. What was worse, it was paired with The Stance™ (though a different form of it since he was now in a wheel chair), his hand raised to cover his mouth and his body expanding to appear bigger than it was, as if to comfort him, or more appropriately protect him.
"They probably do, but prefer to spend all their time worried about what other people do. They're the biggest gossips in town."
"Firstly, ouch, Natasha," Bucky pipes up, sipping at his beer languidedly. "And secondly, maybe he wants a pup and thinks the only way to get pregnant is to sleep with a younger man. I heard that's how missus McKinnon had her- OW!"
"Namor thought we wanted Atlantis's secrets, many other superheroes might think that too. Not everyone operates unmasked," Stephen explains.
Forcing a laugh, Tony tried to discreetly wrap the shawl around him tighter. "Long day down at the mines, I take the boys' lunch every day, and sometimes they need a helping hand. I've never been shy of hard work."
"And Here I thought you were a man of the Lord, Steven. Shame on you," Tony joked, poking him in the side.
"Two hundred and twenty six attempted hacks this week, and that's excluding the phishing emails the accords lines have been harassed with for the past month. Everything we do know has to be on a need-to-know basis, it's enough that you're pushing for that woman to get better than what she deserves. Can she even be rehabilitated? We can't just lock them up forever."
A light came on, and a familiar physique came into view, a panicked look on his face. Tony giggled, whisper-yelling that he should come down and bring his boom box.
"There isn't a next time because we're nev-" The front door slammed, and Steve pounded past the common room, a distinct red flush to his face. He didn't say a word in greeting to any of them, bounding up the stairs three at a time to get to his room faster.
"I'm doing just fine, Nat." The Omega swings off the chair, stumbling over to the couch against the wall.
"You seem very interested in him, Steve," Natasha interrupts, a perfectly shaped eyebrow quirked in suspicion.
"James Barnes, you aren't any better. Do you think our lives just revolve around the whims and needs of Alphas and babies?" Nat asks, twisting his ear some more. "You two better stop speculating about Tony, before I-"
"Yeah," Nat says, checking her nails casually. "He's new, might be Rhodes and the rest of them are the only ones he knows here."
Rhodey huffs out a heavy, harsh breath, but doesn't say anything for a moment, sinking down into the couch across from Tony with effort.
"Steve, please." Tony takes a shuddering breath in, impatiently whining for Steve to just fuck him already.
They find the place easy enough, Jan swinging into a parking space with little regard for speed limits or pedestrians.
"I-" Tony starts, limping out of bed to start gathering the clothes he'd slept in and cautiously avoiding Steve's eyes, his eyes firmly placed on the floor. "Steve, I'm really sorry. I can't -
"That's right, sweetheart, best you spend the night here with us, in fact, why don't you take those filthy clothes off and we give you a nice little bath, huh?" Another man piped up, causing Tony to grow even more tense.
"Am not. We got to know each other, I found out he was pretty chill and we just had a fun time," Steve tells them, sucking on a chicken bone. "And when will you guys stop bringing Sharon up? I've dated other people."
"Van Dyne?" Steve asks, squinting at the girl pushing against the crowd to reach them. "She and Hank were a thing for a bit, but we're all still cool and she comes out to support every game."
"Well you know us Omegas and our catalogues, I was just thinking I needed a new dress just in case I have nowhere to wear it to," Tony joked, slipping the pouch into his satchel.
They hadn't exchanged numbers or spoken about hanging out again, so Steve didn't want to be the weirdo plaguing his friends for his info or stalking his socials if Tony didn't actually want to see him again.
At one moment Tony is blinking himself awake, but at the sound of Peter's panic, he's leaping out of bed and grabbing the boy before he can collapse. "Shh, Baby, it's fine, we're going to get you some help okay?" Tony tries to reassure him, sitting back in bed and drawing Peter into his arms, his ear against his chest. "Listen to my heartbeat, okay? Can you try to breathe with the beats? Let's try it."
"I heard him crying," the boy admits, fingers curled around his doorframe. "But he was already with you, I didn't want to disturb you guys..."
"I hope Ty here wasn't bothering you too much," Steve jokes, meeting Ty's stunned gaze with a grin. "By the way, I think Sunset's been looking for you. I saw her out by the barbeque area earlier," Steve adds, his "aw shucks" facade on full display (as Bucky would say).
"I don't mean to badger you, kiddo, but what's up?" Tony asks as he helps Peter lift his hospital gown.
The first time was the hardest, but every other nameless foul-smelling Alpha after him had been easier. Some of them were even gentle, littering Tony with kisses or stroking his hair until he feel asleep, but none had been as charming (or deceiving) as Ty Stone.
"I'm no whore, sirs, just a lost Omega who has to get back home before my husband sends the cavalry, so let me not hold you gentlemen up any further. A good night to you." Tony pivoted on his heel, rushing in the opposite direction to try to put as much space between him and them as he could. They surely wouldn't leave him untouched, especially not after revealing their identities to him.
When Steve eventually drags himself out of bed, head throbbing and feeling like an animal crawled into his mouth and died, he can barely function. Throwing himself down in a stool beside Thor, he curses himself for mixing his alcohol last night, all the while eyeing the guy's mouth-watering plate.
"Oh yeah, I'm a real old-fashioned kind of guy, and just to prove it further, I'm going to give you my jacket - not only because you look like you're freezing, but because I'm chivalrous and shit, you know."
"There's no need to, they seem to be giving themselves up. Seriously, I don't care as long as they stay out of my business."
"Come on, Stevie, don't be mad. Look, he seems lonely, maybe you should go keep him company or something," Bucky says, waggling his eyebrows suggestively.
"So, you seem to know a lot of people here for a new kid," Steve pries as Tony runs his fingers over the spines of his books.
With no hope of getting back to sleep, he gets up and walks to the lounge, stopping in front of Peter's door when he notices the light from underneath.
"Making a statement, with statement pieces," Janet says, staring off as if she could already visualise it. "I'd totally be into it if you wanted to?"
"They belonged to Buck's sister, she and his mama came west with us but they died of fever," Steve had explained as he helped Tony.
Tony takes his face between his hands, peppering gentle kisses to his brow and smoothing his wild curls down. "Nothing, we were just talking about your Christmas present, Baby. Dr Strange and I were thinking that we need to get your list to Santa soon."
"I saw her, and I saw you act a fool," Tony says, laughing at his son rolling his eyes. "You know I was young and pretty too once, seriously, Google it! Most eligible bachelor 1993-2001, so I
"Are you okay, sweetie? I'm pretty sure alcohol is supposed to loosen you up, love," the redhead says, tone carefully light. She'd seen this many times, even her strongest girls broke every once in a while, it's why she kept their hearts full and minds busy. Things, whether booze or pretty jewels or books to keep them busy, were material, yes, but for girls in their profession, it chased away the tendrils of darkness that every client left behind. Their work wasn't just hard on the body, but hard on the mind too, and she had lots of girls with dark pasts.
Tony undos the button of his jeans, sliding his zipper down slowly. His cock is half-hard through his boxers, springing up when he pulls the band down. Tony leans down to litter the head with kisses before taking him into his mouth wet and sloppy.
"But what if Peter's friend gets scared and think we're weird for having voices that come from the ceiling?" Harley argues, straightening himself out. "Did you ever consider that pops?"
The week that he's supposed to be spending elevating his leg, some of the men downstream hit gold. The town has an influx of young Alphas from neighbouring towns, and work at the forge seems to double, but with too little hands to manage the work, Reed sends for Sue's brother.
"Oh my God, when is my makeover montage, Prince Charming? I have to warn you though, I got my braces removed years ago."
Rhodey quirks an eyebrow towards their them when he walks into their dorm Sunday afternoon, Tony curled up around Rogers like a little puppy. He says nothing, but shoots Tony a look, to which his best friend just responds with one of his famous smirks.
Mock saluting him, Nat dumps herself in Bucky's lap any way, sending a wink over his shoulder. "Now, where were we?"
After completing their deliveries at Thor's and the butcher's, Steve finds himself in rhe tavern with Bucky and Sam, peering at the new faces over a beer. With the foot-traffic through the town, they were able to fetch a pretty penny for their fresh veggies and dairy, and if the momentum kept up, would be able to afford the extra supplies for the grape arbor, and a couple extra heads of cattle by Spring.
Tony grinds his teeth, schooling his expression before meeting Namor's head-on. "Go on and believe what you want, about me and about them, but this is me warning you and offering you something better. This is worth a try."
Smiling coyly at the man, Nat pulls away from Bucky, a small hand rubbing at his shoulders. "Who doesn't enjoy dinner and entertainment, Mr LeBeau?"
Tony sighs deeply, closing the project he'd been working on. "Right now? I'm thinking I'd kill for some pizza. And maybe some fries?" Tony asks lightly, hoping to steer them out of this conversation.
Thor bursts out into that thunderous laughter of his, slapping Steve on the back with a heavy hand. "Surely you're joking."
"Oh, uh, yeah. No problem," Steve starts, trailing behind the guy. "I'm Steve, by the way, and you must be Anthony" he adds, and before his brain can catch up with him, he sticks his hand out.
"And it's not good enough, Tony," Rhodey scolds, a pounding starting up behind his left eye. Tony wasn't dumb or naive, but letting the Black Widow set up camp anywhere near them was an ill-made decision. "Let's say she's not here for any malicious reasons, as she's claimed, did she tell them she was giving herself over to the feds? Tell me Tony, when the media catches wind of her return, is there a guarantee they won't just break into the facility and try to free her?"
Under the smoke and sweat and oil, a distinct floral scent wafts from him, something sweet - like the vanilla orchids that had been common down South - so strong that Steve can almost taste it on his tongue.
"I don't know really, but I'm sure there's some cute romcom out. Maybe we could go to the movies? Finally eat food that isn't prepared by one of us?"
"Fine, but what do we do when he asks to use our phones to text him or whatever? You know they don't go to bed without phone sex, or whatever the fuck it is Steve is doing up passed three."
He'd tried calling him a half a hundred times now, and had probably left some really embarrassing voicemails and voice notes, and maybe a nude or two (or eight) because drinking made him horny and nowadays he associated drinking with getting dicked down by Steve.
No team leader had been picked yet, but Stephen had been appointed as interim leader on the field, while Rhodey held the position off the field. He approved all new and prospective members, along with the Accords council; every hero was subjected to a series of physical tests and mental health evaluations, which were ongoing once they made the roster, and ultimately, the decision for or against someone also relied upon a vote by the team and the leader, but there were strict rules in place now.
Peter had heard uncle Rhodey and Dad talking about aunt Carol taking on and mentoring a young supe, but he never knew it was Ms Marvel.
"I agree, he doesn't seem to remember our talk today, so maybe if he wakes up, it'll stay that way?"
"Fuc- Bucky! Get your own, damn!" Steve leaves his perch on the couch, reaching into the cooler to grab another beer. "So while I've been worryin' my head off, you've been having fun times?"
"You're not in trouble, kiddo," Tony rushes to reassure him, running a hand through his hair and over his ears. "We... haven't really talked much, huh?
"It's not an option anymore, especially with both the Fantastic Four and the Defenders signing," Tony explains, remembering the talks he and Matt had been in for days now. "More countries have joined in the last six months because they feel more certain that hero teams aren't just going to come knocking their front doors down."
Which brought him right here to Bumfuck Nowhere, California. By the little town there were no golden beaches California was known for, only farmland that stretched for miles on end, and a never-ending sense of nothingness. It was a good life nonetheless, a little predictable and bland, but rather that than spending the rest of his life getting whored out or beaten to a pulp. Here he could come to the smithy and pound away all his frustrations; he could go by Thor's and buy a roll of yarn to start his knitting projects (because he finally had all the time in the world to do it), and even take part in town fairs as crazy and country as that sounded.
Charmed, Steve smiles down at him, resting a steady hand on the back of his neck. "Of course not, Tony. Thanks for being willin' to come out here."
"Okay, sorry to burst your bubbles, but none of you are really my type - except maybe Thor, but he's also a little bigger than I'm into," Tony says, rolling away from the groaning lump on the bed and almost braining himself on the nightstand. "Besides, I here to see Steeb."
"Of course not, Tony." Bucky looked at him with pitying eyes, rubbing his back with a big hand. "Maybe you just need some time apart to figure things out."
"You're crazy perceptive, Ri. You ever want to do bigger, give us a call." Sam slides a card over to her, and with that, they're both up and crossing the cafeteria.
He had been disoriented, but stumbled along to his wagon nonetheless. Even if this wasn't Reed, he'd figured anything had to be better than nothing right?
"Tony," Steve corrects, swallowing the pills dry and soaking a slice of bread in the curry sauce. "And nothing happened; we smoked a joint, talked a bit and passed out. End of story, and not really anything for Rhodes to be worried about."
"And this success... it would be getting Riri to date you?" Peter asks, waiting for their game to load.
It took six months, three days and several hours to stabilise Tony and the baby, to a point where they could be transported between hospitals. Once Stark had been stabilised in Siberia, after several emergency surgeries just to keep him alive, and the doctors were sure flying wouldn’t further deter his health, he had been flown to Helen Cho’s new facility in South Korea, supposedly for further treatment, according to her source. The baby had gone with, and so had Rhodes, who hadn’t left Tony’s bedside since arriving in Siberia months ago.
Steve tapped impatiently on his phone while he waited for Bucky and Nat to arrive, glancing up at the boy across the room every so often. Sam had gotten tired of waiting, and had gone off to join the throngs of people dancing up against and around each other, probably halfway to being shit-faced, something Steve (sadly) couldn't say for himself.
She's stopped by giggles, Sam laughing into his hand and Gwen not even hiding her amusement. "We don't want to date you," the girl says. "We're finding out for... a friend."
Steve's working his fingers inside of him, Tony grappling for purchase on his broad back, when Tony lifts himself and shifts slightly, a keening moan ripping out of him.
The largest gashes lay horizontal across his sternum, the scars from the arc reactor all but unrecognizable thanks to the inflamed skin stretched across Tony’s chest, and she couldn’t explain it, but it was obvious there was no bone left in his concaved chest cavity, an exoskeleton somehow miraculously holding everything together. His nipples had been patched, although no breast tissue remained and a fresh horizontal pink scar twinkled morbidly below his navel.
"No psuedo-blowjobs in public, Tony," Steve whispers once she leaves, leaning so close Tony can feel his breath on his face. "There are kids here."
Steve snuffles in his sleep, his eyelids fluttering. Tony can't help himself, he throws his phone across the bed and leans forward to peck kisses up his smooth chest, a sneaky hand trailing up his stomach.
Shoving himself to his feet, Tony grabs onto a jagged rock as he goes. "Any other night I'd be more than happy to join you gentlemen, but tonight just won't work. I was trying to pick some berries for a pie, but I must have been too deep in my thoughts and trailed off," Tony starts, thankful his voice remained steady. "See, my husband just got back from fighting in the East, he's a colonel in the army."
Tony slaps Steve's chest lightly. "I've been catching strays for no reason, at this point we'll just have to fight." Tony rolls his eyes at Steve beaming at him, sliding in beside Janet.
Breakfast goes over well, and by the time they sneak into the cinema, the trailers are already rolling. They have a couple's lounger in the very back, and Tony slyly notes the emptiness of the theatre.
On his way out of town, after stopping by Bruce's and giving his mare some time to rest, Steve rides by the smithy. There's a handful of people loitering around, mostly young men who seem to have come up from the river, conversing with each other, eyes fixated on a figure with dirty hands and a sooty face.
"I'm not even in the same faculty as you guys, so excuse me," Steve says. "Anyway, do you know that new kid with him? The one between him and Danvers."
"Nobody said all of that, Stevie," Bucky cuts in, despite Steve being sure he was asleep just three seconds ago.
"So what do you think that's about?" Thor asks sarcastically, levelling Bucky with an unimpressed look.
Harley huffs, spinning around to stare at them. "Yeah, and I still got in trouble because you didn't help me wipe out the flight log."
"Actually," the man starts, running a hand through his hair that gleamed like sunlight, "you weren't too far from our farm, some of our sheep and a chicken disappeared, and well, I guess we found the culprit."
Johnny is young, abrasive and arrogant, an Alpha with an overabundance of confidence born from being the baby of the pack no matter what social setting he's in. So basically, Tony's kind of fun.
