“Yet!” Dean felt absolutely no guilt for the way Cas flinched away from his yell. “There is nothing, absolutely nothing in the world, that could possibly be worth doing that to yourself.”
Closing his hand around the sticks, Ghost scrutinized Dean—for what, he had no idea. Then he nodded, like he’d found whatever it was, and said, “Spindles.”
No point trying to deny that; getting tossed down into the windowless cage of the wiretap room didn’t happen as a reward and everyone there knew it. “Adler. Seems I missed the memo on which serial rapists bought immunity with their donations to his wife’s campaign.”
He snorted, imagining Bobby’s reaction. “How’s the job hunt going?” he asked, to fill up the empty silence.
“Dean.” Cesar’s reprimand was the first time Dean remembered that the rest of them were still there on the call, listening in on his argument with Cas. If he’d been hoping for backup, he was disappointed. “I realize it seems extreme, but this is normal for Castiel. We’ve all been here for adjustments before. If Naomi says he’s fine to go, then you’re both meeting us at the plane in twenty minutes. Is that clear?”
“What’s her name?” His voice was shakier than he wanted it to be, but given the circumstances he thought he could be forgiven how much anger pounded in his veins. Balthazar’s hand closing around his wrist to give a supportive squeeze said he thought so, too. “Your—my—our mom. What’s her name?”
“Welcome home, Jimmy. The good news is, I made you lasagna. The bad news is, Sammy managed to dump about three cups of vegetable peels into the sauce when I looked away for five goddamn seconds and it was too late to make more.” Using his brotherly arm for leverage, he turned them both around and guided Cas into the bright home.
In that respect, it was almost easier to handle sentinels in a total zone. It was a protective measure for guides as well as sentinels, so that guides didn’t have to worry about being accidentally killed by the sentinels they were trying to help. For sentinels, overwhelmed by sensation and unable to stop the flood of input on their own, a zone snapped them from reality into the blank safety of the aesthecosm, where there was nothing to see or hear or smell. It left their bodies defenseless, but the potential for injury was a better chance than the absolute certainty of death if their heart and lungs stopped working because their brains shut down everything that wasn’t sensory processing.
Cas was curled up next to him, slumped against a mound of pillows Dean didn’t remember possessing. Very, very good.
“What,” Cas panted harshly as Dean swiped a hand down his front, stroking his hard length over his briefs. “What abstinence thing?”
“No shit?” Junior leaned forward too quickly and had to catch himself on the bar, which resulted in him dropping his whiskey. He frowned down at it, then grabbed one of the glasses from in front of Novak and carried right on. “I need a new money guy. My last one seriously fucked me over, I don’t even know if he was stealing or just fucking dumb. But he’s out of the picture now,”—the same murderous giggle that meant Ron Van Allen was a corpse somewhere—“and it must be fucking fate, because here you are! You’re gonna come work for me. Be the new accountant at my branch of Styne & Sons.”
“I can’t be human, Dean!” he exclaimed. “We’re floating about in zero gravity, surrounded by planetary debris! I’m either clear-headed or human. You know which gets the crew killed?”
Charlie had purposefully made her way into the giant armory, but he was rooted to the spot, gaping at the contents. He couldn’t even
“They did not tell us,” Cas grumbled. Dean couldn’t even fault him for his irritation; maybe it had been because they were mad that NEI was taking their case or maybe they were just dicks all the time, but it was glaring and more than just an oversight. There hadn’t been any mention in the files they got. “When is this meeting?”
“It’s extreme, even for a sentinel. Skin-to-skin contact with another person can sometimes be unbearably intense.” He looked away as he said it, bright eyes dropping down and to the side, shoulders creeping up with nerves.
But even ignoring the fact that he couldn’t possibly have obtained all the parts of that outfit on such short notice—not with the way they fit so perfectly and gleamed with obvious care—Novak wore it with such an easy confidence that it was all Dean could do not to drop to his knees in front of Novak’s immaculately shined boots. If they’d met at the Eagle, if he’d seen Novak looking like that and not known who he was, he would’ve done it just to introduce himself.
Dean didn’t like seeing him so vulnerable and open in front of as many strangers as filled the hall, though not everyone was blatantly staring at them. Staring at Cas, since they’d probably never seen anyone with mods like Cas’s and they didn’t even know about the wings. “We can get into it upstairs. Come on, if we’re gonna try this then your first bite should be the best Oregon has to offer.”
“He gave you a car?” Dean repeated, then blew out a breath that could’ve been a sigh or a laugh; he wasn’t sure himself. “I guess he already gave you a house. Okay. I can do that. Be careful today, yeah?”
Bobby, who’d been a bitter, drunk,old widower as long as the brothers had known him, had scraped together enough money to put his adopted kids through school. Well, almost.
Which was ridiculous, because the only change was that they’d be alone for the first time in forever. No onlookers or interrupting wookiees and no social obligations beating at their door.
“Och, Earthling,” she clucked her tongue. “Don’t you know better by now? Nothing’s impossible.” She glanced at Cas. “The files showed some missions to the Milky Way as well. Not many, mind you, which was quite wise. Humans are like dogs . . . had they caught wind, they’d have probed and probed until they exposed their existence. Humans do quite love probing, as I’m to understand.”
2) Schrödinger's Rowena - This is not canon, and these days I'm not feeling very cordial towards the writers (except the two good ones). If you'd rather prefer the box unopened, ignore this part.
“Huh. So this’ll get you in there without raised eyebrows?” Singer asked after looking Dean over, his eyebrows raised.
There were so many things they should’ve planned for, if they hadn’t been in such a goddamn hurry and confrontational about every second of it. The whole stupid idea had been thrown together with a couple hours, a severe lack of trust, and a not-insignificant amount of spite on all sides. Not ideal in any circumstance, but especially not for how little support and communication he and Novak had from the rest of the already tiny team. So yeah, there was a long list of things they probably could’ve considered before throwing themselves into leathers and hitting up the bar, but at the very top, the thing Dean was so fucking pissed at himself and Novak and Turner for not even giving a passing thought:
He stumbled to Cas’s door. Fumbled his way inside and sank against the door, eyes fixed between his feet. The soft beeping was insistent, drowning out the sound of his breaths. He ended up counting them. The panic attack knocked him when he was already down. Desperate to find purchase in reality, he grabbed Cas’s hand between both of his, shuffling forward on his knees.
Which he seemed to. When Junior turned back to him and started looking serious again—as serious as a drunken overgrown child could look—and said, “I’d hate to have to worry that we aren’t friends after everything I’ve told you,” Novak put on an equally grave face and rested a reassuring hand on Junior’s shoulder.
Eventually Dean was shown to an empty conference room to work on what he could while Cas underwent his urgent maintenance—which still hadn’t been defined clearly enough for Dean’s liking. He wished he could actually go with Cas, because he didn’t trust whatever was going on at RomaNovaCorp, but he couldn’t insist when Cas didn’t ask for him there. What he could do was get in touch with the rest of the team, so he did. He got them all on a conference call so they could go over the briefing and brainstorm about what the significance of Oregon could be while they got packed and ready for the trip.
Despite their separation, he felt the palpable change in the air. Cas’s tone was much cooler when he responded, “Right.”
He cleared his throat, “Hey, little brother.” He winced at the pitch of his voice. “How’s it hangin’?”
No one actually seemed to mind, but Sam kept up appearances as the resident little shit by complaining thoroughly. Dean rolled his eyes at Cas over toast and the man shook his head disapprovingly. Sam and Rowena did an admirable job one-upping each other at ‘who turns Castiel the reddest’. Dean declared it was a draw.
It was a short service, what with the possibility that Rowena was alive hanging over them. If she was, she hadn’t contacted Oziome. Dorothy had informed them that the intergalactic portal
“It seems like you and Sam both thought I was acting weird. But ‘secret twin swap’ isn’t likely to come up as a possible explanation, when you didn’t even know I existed.”
Dean hopped from foot to foot, promising he’d cling to her like a limpet if push came to shove. Satisfied, she dropped out into the stifling blackness. He followed wordlessly, before he could lose his nerve.
If one of them stayed back, they could get Kaia home. Dean had already made up his mind. He turned back, just in time to see Cas break the lock.
He seemed so sincere about it that Dean had to laugh again, but it made him feel better about the whole situation, so it was a much easier laugh. “Not even a little,” he confirmed, then held his hand out with a smile. “Dean Winchester.”
This partnership, Dean realized, was going to be like repeatedly bashing his head into a brick wall. Eventually either the head or the wall had to break, but since the wall was a stand-in for Cas’s stubborn lack of self-preservation, it was already crumbling and he gave himself pretty good odds. He just had to outlast the frustration and feelings of futility, and eventually Cas would either fuck up monumentally enough that he wouldn’t be able to refuse Dean’s help or fuck up so monumentally that nothing Dean could do would help.
Cas’s lips were blue, skin pale, head tilted backwards and resting on the glass of the helmet, almost as though he was merely asleep.
“He zoned to the cyberscape.” The words felt absurd as he said them, but it was the only thing that made any kind of sense, no matter how little sense that was in the end. “He zoned into the cyberscape? That’s—how the fuck could he have done that?”
The guard roared. Cas ducked behind cars as he recovered and started firing. With precision. Against all odds, he made it to the exit. Turned. Raised a finger in salute.
“It’s not fatigue,” Rowena responded from where she was bent over a microscope, taking a gander at Cas’s blood sample. When her tricks had failed, she’d turned to good ol’ observable biology. “I would’ve detected something as trivial as that.”
“Bring me in for introductions, or bring me in to jump right into it in the hot seat on my first day?”
“Pee in the suit, if you have to. Those are going straight to the incinerator anyway.” He was met by three very distrustful squints.
Without breaking out of Novak’s hold, Dean turned his head the opposite way to look in the direction of the stairs. He understood and shared Novak’s surprise, the panicked moment of everything going to shit at once with no forewarning.
Unfortunately, staying behind Dean all the way up the stairs didn’t do anything to quash Cas’s opinion on Dean’s physical attraction.
Apparently didn’t have a follow-up to that, so Dean continued, “I’m not asking for anything here. Just letting you know.”
Whatever started this fight, and he really doesn’t even remember anymore, it’s long since moved past that. “What more do I need to sacrifice for you, Dean?” drowns out every other thought in his mind, battering over him again and again with the echo of how thick Cas’s voice was, full of all the wrong emotions.
His pointed emphasis on the last word made it pretty clear exactly what he meant by that, but Dean confirmed it anyway, hoping his own tone made his counterpoint equally clear. “You’re planning to go do your sentinel shit without any backup.” It was a dumb idea even for someone without a recent history of zoning on cases, but it wasn’t as though he expected anything better from a man who thought his implants could make him invincible.
He did that, and he does it again, compounds his crime by reacting with the same instinct that always lets him come up swinging no matter how hard or how far he’s been thrown. Cas sends him reeling so he hits back, unremorseful until it’s too late:
Letting Charlie carry on like she could be his friend without knowing Dean would be a goner soon was probably self-serving too, but the harm seemed minimal enough. He could let it happen while it lasted: another hour, maybe even two. And if he was careful about it, maybe he could even get a sense from her about just how badly it was going to go for him. He already knew that not everyone on the team was happy with Cas’s solitary sentinel act, but he hadn’t gotten the impression that Charlie was among them and he didn’t think even Billie would approve of Dean’s reaction.
It took him a moment to realize that he wasn’t floating because his spirit was ascending or some shit, but because they were in zero gravity. He dove downwards and gripped the edge of the sink, examining his throat in the mirror. Just a nick. A little deep, but nothing that’d kill him.
Dean licked his lips and looked around. The crowds made him nervous. “How about we go somewhere safer and quieter?” If he could get Cas back to Kevin’s server, he’d at least feel better about having to figure out the rest of it.
By the time he finished, Cas was staring at him. The simmering resentment and hostility had left his expression, replaced by a furrowed brow that read as bafflement to Dean. For a man who was half machine, whose scowl made his eyes look like weapons and somehow emphasized the web of unnatural tubing that veined his skin, there was an almost childish innocence to the way he tilted his head in puzzlement.
He nodded, backing away with an easy smile. Then he paused. Walked back over to her and extended the camera. “Think I’ll get in trouble for this?”
Setting up his cyberscape conduit took less than a minute, since his gear was all still configed from the day before. Glasses on, wristbands on, and in no time he was linked in with no trouble at all. Kevin’s server looked the same as it had, other than the absence of Channing’s shadowy avatar. Despite her promise to monitor the server, Charlie’s wasn’t there to replace it; there was no one else in the constructed room when he connected inside.
Then they were moving away. Charlie bit her lip, eyes heavy with emotion. Rowena was sitting back on her haunches, mouth tight. But even from his current distance, he could see Cas’s chest steadily moving up and down.
The man in Dean’s grasp recovered from that shock faster than Dean did—faster and smoother than it seemed like any reasonable person should. Tugging himself away from Dean, but only taking a single step out from between him and Cas, then raising his hands in deference to show he was stopping there, he introduced himself as Fergus: “A concerned neighbor, you understand.”
She looked at him. Then she growled lowly, “Please. Like you’re the one calling the shots anymore. You’re too stupid in love to realize Dean has you wrapped around his pinkie.”
Billie shrugged, unconcerned. “Something explosive, probably. Takes a lot to get through these walls. Intentional or not, it’s not an active incident or they wouldn’t have let us on the road, and they’ll get it cleaned up soon enough. Happens a lot around here.”
Fuck. He was bent over Novak’s lap, ass up, and it was the most terrible and embarrassing moment of his life but he was so fucking hard. That was part of what made it so terrible and embarrassing: There was no way Novak didn’t feel it, not when every stroke of the paddle rocked his dick into Novak’s thigh. Dean lost track of the count and of time in general after four hits but around the same time he became aware of the needy little grunts that punched out of him each time the wood landed on his ass.
“One,” he gasped. “Two. Three.” Cas wasn’t dead. That made no sense. Cas was okay. Any minute now, he’d-he’d sit up and look at them and snap at them for hovering. “Thirty.”
“Do you know how many cops they have? Because we don’t, but we know it’s a lot. And we know they’re all over.”
“Wait, Sam,” Cas called. Then they were blown back and away, what felt like a giant vacuum cleaner pointed at them. Dean grabbed onto the newly revealed edge of the doorway, hauling himself forward while carrying the weight of two grown ass men clinging to him like limpets. Jesus Christ, how did Charlie manage that?
Novak parked a couple of blocks past their destination and shut off the engine, but paused to look at Dean before getting out. “Don’t talk,” he said. “If anyone asks you anything, you let me answer. If anyone tries to separate us, you don’t leave. If you see something, you get my attention and don’t fucking try anything on your own. Clear?”
Maybe back in the day when it was exciting new technology, whenever the hell that had been, but not once in his time on the job had Dean met a cop or prosecutor who was enthusiastic about wires. They were too much of a pain in the ass to get approved—impossible in some places—and used up a lot of man-hours for no guaranteed result. When he’d first transferred and found out about it, he’d attributed the fact that Chicago even still had a dedicated team for it to nostalgia over taking down Capone.
Castiel hadn’t aged a day. He looked exactly the same. Dean didn’t know why he’d been expecting otherwise, because his life was unfair like that.
“We have breakfast and dinner here every day, unless we’re out on an expedition,” Garth explained. “You’re free to sit anywhere you like, but at the end of the meal we all need to meet back under this banner.” He pointed up at a wooden sign, clearly handmade, with
“Dean,” Cas called, loud enough to be heard over the water rushing by Dean’s ears. “We just got a message from Charlie.”
Kaia shrugged at him, engrossed in fiddling with her sleeves. “You don’t have to sell him to me. I know he’s a stand-up guy. I’m just introverted. And I don’t know how to act in a healthy family dynamic.”
As the man turned, Dean caught an odd lump pushing at the back of his jacket. He cycled idly through possibilities—power source or unusual mod being the most likely—but didn’t worry about it too much. He was even less likely to find out what it was at the moment than he was to get basic answers about who he was following. Hopefully not his new partner, though it was possible. He hadn’t gotten a lot of straight answers about the members of his new team out of the agent who handled his recruitment and testing; there was at least one sentinel, since they wanted a guide on the team, but that was as far as his knowledge went.
That was his father’s handwriting, he would’ve recognized it anywhere. His father had signed the book personally for Jimmy’s birthday.
Annoyed and still confused, Cas didn’t sit. “What the fuck, Balthazar? If you cared this much about where we were sitting, you should’ve—”
The man took long enough getting to the door that Dean was about to cut his losses and try the next house down, but the thump of a cane approaching kept him on the porch until the door opened and a very old, very grumpy man frowned suspiciously at him. “What?”
They’d still ended up at the same place, much to Dean’s amusement. At least, for a while. After the mess that happened two years ago, they’d drifted apart. That wasn’t what he wanted to think about right now, though.
“Clench the handle three times, like a stress reliever ball,” Charlie responded. He frowned down at it, wrapping his fingers around the thicker edge and doing just that.
Mustering up a small smile, he looked up at the counselor. “Jimmy and I are in different cabins,” he said, which was both true and not at all what was the matter. “I know we’re going to have fun and make new friends, it’s just a little weird.”
“Dean,” Castiel leaned closer, fingers reaching up to pry off Dean’s helmet. Dean was hit by the other man’s unmistakable scent; the scent of ozone from their suits mingling with the faint undertones of wood, and the overtones of charred metal that came from space travel. “Sam destroyed his tracker and comms unit. Even if we do go out there, there’s no guarantee we’d find him. I’m really sorry.”
“Motherfuckers think they’re smarter than us.” Turner was at his headphones again; for all he mocked Novak’s sincere faith in their work, he was always fastest to jump on the machine when a call came in. Spry old bastard, powered as far as Dean could tell entirely on spite. “They gotta know we’re listening and they still do shit like this.”
Detective Dean Winchester had only been up on the third floor for a year, but it had been a year of non-stop noise. The floor hadn’t been silent since the day he arrived, but he could’ve heard a nun fart the day he left. After all the yelling was done, anyway.
Claire glared at him. She knew for a fact that the ridiculous silver eyeliner was dampening the effect. She’d begged‒
He goggled at the scrunched eyebrows twitching to-and-fro from the most hangdog expression a grown man could master. “Cas? Like, the Commander? Ol’ Captain Castiel?”
Grinding his teeth, Dean paused in the doorway but didn’t turn. He didn’t need to hear whatever was going to follow, not when he was too drained to start trying to interpret Cas’s tone of voice; a chore even at the best of times, since he always sounded like he was somewhere halfway between choking on his own self-importance and swallowing a mouthful of burning gasoline. It all just came out angry. Not that Dean had yet had much chance to hear Cas talking when he could be sure the man wasn’t angry. Maybe there was more nuance there he just wasn’t aware of.
“This can’t be happening,” the guy said. He’d made three other comments along the same theme, but Cas hadn’t said anything at all yet, so the surprise doppelganger was ahead of him there.
He’d never been one to trust easily, wouldn’t have believed he could give up that even that amount responsibility for his own safety. Not to anyone, not since he’d been a kid and his parents had been his whole world. Then they’d had Sam, and he loved his brother but he’d never be able to sit back and let Sam be in charge of anything dangerous, either. Hell, Sam was more for him to worry about, not less, the little brother he’d always looked out for. But Castiel asked for Dean’s faith, and Dean—Dean gave it.
“Going somewhere?” The crumbs of crust stuck in his throat and made his voice rough and deep, almost as gravelly as Cas’s, which earned him something like a glare. Then again, that could have been due to the fact that it made him sound a lot like he had the night before, in the shower.
Balthazar was absolutely going to get punched in the morning; Cas only regretted that he couldn’t be there to see and possibly help. He’d have his own struggles to deal with, though, like trying not to moon inappropriately over Jimmy’s gorgeous stepbrother while pretending to be Jimmy. Then again, maybe it wouldn’t be so hard. He’d been overwhelmed by quite a lot of emotional upheaval and an unfamiliar family dynamic. Dean probably wasn’t even as breathtakingly beautiful as Cas’s initial impression of him had been—attractive, yes, but Cas was only being dramatic about it because of everything else going on.
Novak broke the silence. He didn’t break, though; didn’t look away, didn’t blink. His expression, hard and cold and hot as fuck, didn’t so much as twitch to give away his intentions. One second he was staring at Dean with an intensity that meant he either wanted to kill him or fuck him—and Dean was pretty sure and regretful about which—the next he was still staring just the same and saying, “Poison isn’t their style, neither is shit that’s gonna draw attention like shooting a man with two dozen or more witnesses.”
Cas jerked forward to push their lips together, too awkward and rushed at the start but so achingly desperate that Dean didn’t mind the way their noses and teeth bumped together. He just guided Cas gently into place, kissed him softly but endlessly until they were gasping into each other. Dizzy when he finally broke for air—felt like he shouldn’t have had to, when he hazily remembered they were in the cyberscape, but he must have been forgetting to breathe in reality, too—Dean tipped his forehead in to rest against Cas’s.
. He let Cas rearrange him, leaning against the other man’s strong thigh. His head fell back onto a shelf of shoulder and his heart swooped into his gut.
“How are you doing?” he whispered into the close space between them. “Is this still okay? Not too much?”
“And here I thought you knew better,” Rowena tsked at Sam. “Don’t you know I’m proficient at whatever I attempt?”
Dean felt a small body sit down next to him. He turned to see Claire studying him carefully. He quirked an eyebrow at her.
Dean gaped as Sam looked momentarily panicked. Then he set his jaw, clearly preparing to launch into a conscientious Lawboy Lecture (trademark pending). Dean had a feeling the Commander was beyond reason in that moment, however.
an assistant, but he sure could use one. While the man got his shit together, at least. After that? Well, he
Then, she whispered back, “Weapons. I have never seen anything like these. I tried to steal some away, butꟷ” there was staccato of sharp sounds and her head jolted back to glance over Dean’s shoulder. “That.”
He hadn’t noticed Dean was awake yet. So he took it upon himself to amend that. Poked the little sliver of skin he could see where the other man’s shirt had hitched up. Cas jumped, dropping his tablet and almost getting Dean on the nose.
His own fingers shook too much to properly twist the delicate knob. Sam swore again, shoving his hands out of the way. Swallowing, heart in his throat, he helplessly clutched Cas’s gloved hands, watching the knob twist. The helmet hissed at separation.
Before he can ask what that cryptic comment means, she stands and her attention shifts. “I’ve got your momma’s number,” she tells someone behind him. “Don’t make me call her, cowboy.”
Dean saw red. He clenched his fists and had to stop himself from doing anything with them, clenched his jaw then had to make himself open it again to snarl, “I’m not fucking dirty.”
As tempting as more of Dean’s cooking was, Cas wasn’t usually one for breakfast and didn’t want to delay them for it. “Cereal’s fine, thanks. And you, uh, you might need to remind me the best way to do things.”
“Mm-hm,” Dean hummed distractedly, eyes catching on his own reflection in a junker’s window. “Used to fix up rocket parts at NASA.”
“There’s no comparison. That area was nice, and I’m sure it’s great for the kids who live in the city and never get to go anywhere else,”—like Cas himself, who until that moment had been impressed with the natural beauty of Camp Chitaqua in the brief moments he’d paid attention to it—“but yes. This is better.”
just give us two hours of free time without any danger of a cockblocking Chewbacca. That’s a lot of brownie points in my book.”
“It not only makes it okay, it makes it my fault, not yours.” Dean frowned, mouth popping open to argue, but Cas held up a hand to stop him. “It may help you to understand that I thought I was the one ‘getting weird on you.’ I’ve been trying desperately not to show my completely inappropriate feelings for you, because I’m supposed to be Jimmy and Jimmy sees you as a brother. I don’t. Jimmy definitely does not want to kiss you, but I do. I almost did, last night.”
Cas looked back at him, cocking an eyebrow. He shrugged in acquiescence, casually stepping away from Anna’s trembling form. She didn’t even try to cover up her relief as she melted against the wall.
Dean could sense Sam fidgeting beside him, even without tearing his gaze away from the azure. “Yeah, I got a contact. Already in the works, buddy. ETA, oh . . .” he glanced at his watch. “Ten hours.”
“ETA is currently twelve hours and forty-five minutes,” she responded diligently. “Do you want me to notify the crew an hour before docking, Commander?”
Cas seamlessly switched to professional detachment, tapping on the screen twice and zooming into a little green point adjacent to their ship. “Radar picked this up an hour ago.”
That was now Dean learned that Cas couldn’t really taste anything; his taste buds were so sensitively tuned that everything just tasted like molecules—whatever that meant—because Naomi fucked up his tongue when trying to augment his non-enhanced sense of taste. Not that Cas put it that way, of course; he didn’t blame her for an “unforeseeable side-effect” that couldn’t be repaired. Undoing the modification would leave Cas unable to taste or smell at all, with no chance of restoring them. Dean was horrified—no burgers, no pie, no whiskey. Cas could eat or drink them, sure, but not appreciate it.
Novak tried to stare him down. Dean stared right back, not so much as blinking until he was sure Novak understood just how serious he was. He knew he wasn’t going to flinch first, but he doubted Novak would, either. It was a waiting game to see who would step between them and what they would do about it; who they would side with. The other two had been fine enough standing aside and letting Novak call the shots with whatever paranoid hazing the last weeks had been, but even if they didn’t know or care about him enough to fight over that petty shit—which he couldn’t hold against them, no matter how much it chafed him. They were just keeping their asses out of the line of fire between him and Novak, and they had more reason to back Novak.
“She really got into it . . . at the hospital,” Jack had offered, hands rubbing heat back into his cold ones.
Cas stayed just outside the doorway, not trusting himself in the smaller room with Dean. Dean probably didn’t want him in there, either, given how the cool confidence Cas had come to expect from him was nowhere to be seen. He stumbled into two towers of barrels, though he at least managed to keep them upright with a lot of cursing that had too much muttering for Cas to actually understand the words. He wasn’t working with his usual thoroughness, either, skipping over a good half of the room in his haste to be done and away from Cas. When he’d finished that, he moved very carefully around where Cas was standing. He didn’t say anything or even look at Cas, just waited for Cas to follow him outside then locked the door and started equally silently back toward the house.
Something about it made Cas’s face shutter, though. Dean found out what that was immediately, when he found himself ignored as Cas rounded on Cesar and demanded of him, rather than Dean, “He’s a guide?”
“Close enough, Bravo. Two hundred and thirty-two minutes,” she chimed. Rowena clucked, daintily nudging Charlie’s Bishop off the board with a pawn. Sam came into the mess on the tail ends of Charlie’s retaliatory protests.
“Yeah? Better than those outdoor adventures you were telling me about from camp?” Despite his teasing tone, Dean looked the happiest Cas had seen him yet as he looked out across the same view Cas was surveying. The beatific expression on his face made Cas’s heart stutter in his chest. Jimmy had to be almost fatally incapable of recognizing beauty, if he didn’t appreciate it in his stepbrother or in his home.
Dean was ready for an order to lay himself out over Novak’s lap. What he got instead was a hand grabbing him by the belt and giving a sharp tug that unbalanced him into falling across Novak. But Novak’s confident grip steadied him, guided him on the way down so he ended up folded just right over Novak’s lap, ass sticking out, chest supported by Novak’s forearm.
“I was careless,” Novak admitted finally. “Dangerously so. Thank you for exercising the necessary precautions and I’m sorry for having put you in that position.”
“I thought,” Cas pulled away, and Dean pushed him back in punishment. He went easily, falling onto the pillows with a comical ‘oof’. He didn’t seem to mind having Dean atop him, which suited
“Just focus on me, okay? I’m gonna keep talking to help you out, and I want you to just think really hard about only listening to me until you can’t hear any of the rest of them. Can you do that?”
“Sam probably brought some, yeah,” Dean muttered, reaching out to pull Cas’s arm up and over his shoulders. He didn’t wake the slumbering man at all. Whatever shit Rowena had pumped into the air, combined with the adrenaline crash, was potent as hell.
He could never make up for that, but if he didn’t stop it from happening to someone else, he wasn’t sure he could live with himself.
, decked out in a cerulean sweatshirt  somehow the exact same shade as his irises, painted like the sky, five o’clock shadow curving perfectly over the sharp jawline. Dark, unruly hair grown out and messy, like he’d walked out in the middle of getting laid.
Jesus, Dean was not prepared to deal with him yet, not when everything felt so raw. If he was going to go down for being a weak pervert anyway, then fuck it. There was no use trying to save face with Novak anymore and Junior wanted him to be soft, so Dean gave in and let himself be soft. He tucked his face into the black pants molded over Novak’s thigh, buried his nose in the scent of leather and sweat and musk that were so strong he could pretend, for just that one moment of weakness, that nothing else mattered.
The car slipped away quietly, sinking into the underground tunnel in moments. Beside him, Sam exhaled loudly.
Every second, every word was like a homing dart biolocked onto his heart. “Well, uh. You zoned and it brought you here. And I’m here to bring you back, so are you ready to try and get out of here?”
Beneath his touch, Novak’s muscles tensed; his hand on Dean’s hip dug in a little too sharp to be friendly. All he said was, “I’ll certainly see what we can do with that. Is it a family home?”
Anything else that might’ve followed got cut short by an unfamiliar voice bellowing down the hallway, “You assholes wanna get out here or what?”
“Darling?” he asks, voice as steady as he can keep it when all the rest of him is trembling just as much as that very first time, the shattering moment when he gave himself over to the bond between them.
“That is so sweet of you!” Dean filled the words with as much of their own sweetness as he could without choking on them.
They lay there a moment longer; if Dean had been planning to say anything else, he’d forgotten it somewhere along the way, and Castiel was just staring at him like his life depended on Dean trusting him. Which, admittedly, it probably did. Both their lives, both of them trusting each other. It was like falling, that realization: He was putting his entire life in Castiel’s hands with every second he decided to stay in their charade, and he was still doing it.
He walked up and down the hallway, coming to a stop outside Cas’s door. He knew better than to interrupt Charlie this soon after separating from Stevie. He
“Get his helmet off,” he rasped, and shit. Was that what he sounded like? “There’s something wrong. Get it
He couldn’t see her from where he lay on the bed, but he heard the sheepishness in her voice, “I apologize. I realize how essential intercourse is to human lovers, but it would be most strategic if you accompany me to discern how the acquired weapons operate.”
No one quite knew what to say to that, but Sam did shuffle behind Dean at that. Kid was in way over his head. But Dean didn’t care about that.  (Incorrect; he was starting to delight in it.) He watched Cas, who watched the hologram as if he’d found the Holy Grail.
Running through his own apartment was easy enough. He knew where everything was, had spent the drive over considering what best fit his little gay housewife persona best. Zep t-shirts were out, the light brown sweater-vest Sam had given him by convincing a poor gullible five-year-old that Uncle Dean would love it was in. Khakis, white and light blue button-ups, a few books on child development he still had lying around from when Judy had been born and he’d wanted to make sure she didn’t turn out as big a nerd as Sam.
But the warmth that suffused his chest wasn’t anything like that. He was glad they had each other, and glad that Jimmy had them, and hopeful that maybe there’d be a place for him even after they knew the truth. Whatever had happened to make Chuck and Jody separate their twins, he knew they were both good and loving parents. He didn’t think either of them would try to force him and Jimmy apart again.
He plucked out the napkin he’d stuffed in his pocket, with Jody’s details. Handed it to her. “And if you need someplace to set up home base back on Earth? She’s good people too.”
“Of course. You should be careful . . . we found some guards at our end. The guns work, but if you feel particularly paranoid, behead them.”
When Dean knocked on the door to let Cas know the shower was free, Cas hurried out, only to find Dean wrapped in a towel on the other side of the door. He was being punished for leaving his father, clearly.
“Cas!” he immediately spotted the man, limbs tucked in close as he made his way to the mess. He turned sharply at Dean’s voice, breaking his momentum and just sort of floating about.
When Dean glanced back at Cas, he’d turned his focus to Charlie. As much of a relief as it was to have those unsettling eyes off him, he recognized the frustrated expression on the rest of Cas’s face. It reminded him so much of Sam, of all the times he’d been overwhelmed and unable to explain why, that Dean had to intervene.
“That’s fine, Dean,” Rowena said. “We’re done talking.” She brushed past him and disappeared down the hallway. Rattled by the use of his actual name, he turned towards Cas with a question upon his lips.
“I’m going to the Trans’ now,” Cas said, his voice even. It felt much more dangerous than his yelling. “You should stay here and consider how you plan to answer to our boss, since you were so concerned about that before.”
“Welcome back, jerk,” Sam grinned, standing over his prone form. The nice cloudy feeling evaporated, leaving only utter disdain for shitheads that moonlighted as little brothers.
Ever since the whole debacle with Sam . . . Dean and Cas had become . . . complicated. Not that there even was a Dean-and-Cas. That was probably off the table. Unless Dean grew a pair and actually talked to Cas about it like a mature adult.
“We started up a thing and it was fun while it lasted, you know how guys like that are, always desperate to get fucked. But his wife was a bitch and he got to talking about—well, you remember what I said about being important? He thought it was a good idea to start threatening to use that against me and some of my associates. And I’m sure it was all her idea, little bitch. So now him and his wife? They ain’t gonna be little bitches to anyone else ever again. Problem solved.”
. Like, she probably came up to Dean’s chest, which was normal, but she looked skinny enough that he could probably wrap both hands around her waist. Like what he’d imagine a pixie looked like, if ultraterrestrials existed. Distinctive, tight red curls cascaded over her chest, framing her pale, angular face.
Cas slumped against Dean in the back row of seats in the borrowed state police car, still insensate and restless. His flailing had settled some just before Dean and Cesar carried him out of the barracks, though his legs still twitched helplessly in what looked to be a regular rhythm. Most worrying, which was by then a very high threshold as far as Dean was concerned, he had also started to make noise. Only rarely, and so quietly that Cesar and Charlie in the row ahead of them didn’t react, but it wasn’t a promising sign.
A four-poster bed frame made from a light wood with a top panel supported by surprisingly phallic columns, a desk to match, a rounded dining table the same color as the so-called spindles; and none of them larger than Dean’s palm. There were also a few unconnected parts, curves and squares, and it was beside those that the recovered pieces ended up.
NEI was better funded than Dean’s old department, better funded than any other police agency in the country. President Roman’s lawmakers preferred to keep money in their own pockets, but they had a personal interest in NEI not falling apart, so they begrudgingly set aside just enough to keep things running. So the fleet plane that he and Cas were on was tiny and rundown, and every bump of turbulence made something behind Dean’s seat rattle.
“That ship sailed when your crew member here shot me.” The Brit snapped his fingers and suddenly, there was a circle of red beams surrounding them. It took Dean a minute to realize they were eyes.
As if sensing the heavy gaze on himself, Cas’s eyes snapped open and to Dean. Feeling braver that he had in years, Dean stood his ground.
Eyes that glowed with an ethereal purple shine, which was his first clue, surveyed the three of them. The Oziomei looked fairly similar to humans. The geek in Dean had carefully cataloged and compared the Oziomei lifestyle with medieval Earth. It was probably why he liked the planet so much; it was straight out of LotR. (And he wasn’t admitting to anything, but if he ever went MIA, he’d probably be found on that planet.)
In short, Dean wasn’t hanging out with anyone except Charlie. And Charlie was . . . well. She was Charlie. She’d talk about ‘revels of war’ and ‘feasts celebrating the prosperity of the kingdom’ and Dean would start zoning out.
Dean hated space sickness. From the bottom of his heart, he hated nothing more than he hated space sickness.
“Contracted it from you,” she shot back. He looked heavenward. And just like that, balance was restored.
Dean took it, relieved at the welcoming firmness of Lafitte’s handshake. “Dean Winchester. Violent Crimes up until, uh.” He checked his watch and tried to gauge how long the shouting had taken. “Forty-five minutes ago, give or take.”
But the trade-off for that fragility is that Cas is here for good, his own man, not beholden to anyone or anything else; Cas had made the choice to stay with him, even before they became what they are now. Before he let them become what they are now, because it was always there, always trying to be, and he just had to let it. Let Cas.
She held his gaze for a minute. Then she sighed, because they both knew she wasn’t nearly wide enough to hide anything but a potted plant behind herself. She brought her hands forward without prompting.
Because he was seated near the back of the bus, he was one of the last people off when they pulled to a stop in a church parking lot very similar to the one he’d been picked up from. He used the time to scan the crowd of gathered families, looking for anyone matching Jimmy’s descriptions. They hadn’t been sure who all was coming to collect him, so Jimmy had tried to prepare him to recognize all the possibilities. It was yet another thing that would’ve been easier if they’d had access to their phones, or any internet at all.
He nodded wordlessly, tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth. Fixing a ship was like riding a bike. Or so he had been told once.
Dean’s gaze swiveled to his brother. Sam turned from red to white as he gasped out, “Charlie, whatꟷ”
Stripping down without a second thought, he stepped into the instant hot water. His new place in D.C. had that, but the barracks in Kansas definitely hadn’t, and he still appreciated the amenity. The water felt so good, just the right temperature and pressure to wash away not just the grime but the stress that had built up. He soaped up his chest with the inoffensively neutral body wash provided—he honestly didn’t even know if Cas had an enhanced sense of smell, which was the least of their communication problems, but since it was a barracks-affiliated hotel, they probably had a lot of police sentinels coming through as either guests or security.
Trying not to let his embarrassment show, Dean nodded decisively—even if it felt like more of a nervous jerk—and ground out, “Yup.”
“Do you think there are more prisoners on board?” Sam muttered over the CommsBud. Even through the helmets, Dean could see how pale his brother was.
Cas had only met half of Jimmy’s family and he was already overwhelmed by them. By the immediate force of their personalities, the ease with which they engaged each other, the slightly alarming inside jokes he was getting drawn into moments after meeting them. Of course they didn’t know that, but something about how casually it all played between the two of them made him think he would have had much the same experience coming in as a first-time guest.
They stumbled into their ship blindly and without finesse. The locks engaged and the artificial gravity sucked the blackness onto the ground. It lay there, looking insubstantial and harmless.
Novak held the paddle, which he must’ve taken off his belt while Dean was getting the chair, up to Dean’s mouth and Dean gave himself over to it. The wood felt just as perfect under his lips as he’d imagined, polished and dense and warm from the heat of Novak’s body where it had been hanging all night. Just then Novak’s palm settled on the curve of Dean’s ass and that was warm, too, even through the sturdy denim.
Bobby, blocking John’s path into the house, hadn’t seen Dean. “Spit it out and git, Winchester,” he’d warned. “Because you ain’t taking my boys from me.”
Until then, Dean hadn’t known for sure what Novak’s reaction to hearing the bar’s name meant. He’d recognized it, sure, but that could’ve been for any number of reasons. Once Dean had outed himself, Novak had let him keep going with it, not bothering to intervene or help out with any of the awkward questions. He also hadn’t asked any of the awkward questions, which still left Dean in the dark about Novak’s connection.
“That’s not your job! Or your call to make. Especially without consulting the crew!” Sam exclaimed. “You know you could get kicked out for this, right? They’d blacklist your profile so fast you won’t even be able to say, ‘oops’.”
“That’s a very mature perspective,” the counselor said, like he thought Cas was six instead of sixteen. “And you’ll still see each other a lot, like you are now at dinner!”
Dean couldn’t see her, his eyes taped shut over the lenses, but he nodded. “I have to find him, Charlie. I can’t leave him there. Especially if he’s zoning, shit, being out in the cyberscape is the opposite of what he needs.”
“I’ll be out in thirty seconds,” he yelled back. It probably didn’t come out very clear since he’d already ducked his head back under the spray, but Cas didn’t say anything else until Dean came out in nothing but a pair of clean boxers—at least he’d thought to bring dry clothes in with him. He pulled the rest on as Cas explained, “Kevin’s avatar logged in and talked this time. He said, uh… ‘He was here, oh shit. Tell him to come to Oregon.’ Then he disconnected before Charlie could ask him anything or trace where it was coming from.”
“Okay, come on,” he called, voice hard. He pushed Dean away harshly, rearranging Cas flat on the ground. “Dean, count for me.”
“So,” Novak said, ignoring that back and forth, “they’ll have to take him outside and there’s only the one exit.
When he flipped the first newly filled page out of the way and kept going on the next sheet, he noticed that the sound of Novak’s sanding had stopped. That realization was followed by a prickle down his spine, the feeling of being watched, but when he darted his eyes that direction, Novak was just as focused on his toy furniture as he had been. But it happened again a minute later, and even though he didn’t find Novak looking at him that time, either, he knew he hadn’t imagined it; Novak was keeping an eye on him without wanting to get caught at it.
“Och, please. Like I want your fleshy insides in these gorgeous locks,” she flipped her hair over her shoulder. Dean paused. They were pretty bouncy, yeah.
“Yes. Imagine if you’d actually turned up to be trained in its usage,” she shook her head at him, passing around two more to Cas and Sam. Rowena declined. “And now, long range weapons . . .”
“Damn right, you will,” Bobby grunted. He made his way to the coffee table and picked up a tumbler already holding three fingers, extending it to Cas. “Till then, get some of the good stuff in you.”
“I’m staying for a while, thanks,” he waved a hand. “You go home to your wife and your . . . pie. In the oven.” He felt a pang as he said it. He refused to examine it.
Around him, Dean could see the guys pressing the kids into the wall. The air before them shifted and swirled. Which meant the hounds were all converging there. From his position, bent over at the waist, he could see the handle of a blade dangling at Ketch’s belt.
Cas had been dubious when Meg first suggested coming here. Even his eventual agreement came with a certain amount of skepticism; when he thinks ‘
The frustration that he’d only tamped down during his trip in the elevator threatened to surge up again. Bullshit exile assignment or not, he just wanted to find his new fucking desk and get on with whatever police work he was able to do from it. Fantasies of tossing a cuffed and maybe just a little roughed-up Adler into a cell filled with his crooked pals powered him down the hall and around the corner to discover the first useful signs, but all they indicated was that here’d chosen the wrong direction. Unless the wire unit was based out of the toilets, which he was starting to think wasn’t out of the realm of possibility. But he sure as hell wasn’t going to try it unless he ran out of other options; maybe not even then.
She flashed him a real grin, revealing sharp teeth, “That’s what I keep telling these two.” She gestured at Charlie and Stevie and no. Nope. He wasn’t touching
“Sam, I swear, if you pitch a fit right now, I will end you.” He slapped the kid on the back, zipping over to where he’d folded in half, arms braced on his knees. “Come on, walk it off.”
“Jesus fucking Christ, I expected better from you at least, Novak. ’Course Lafitte don’t give a shit and Rufus goes out of his way to fuck me just for giggles, but you usually keep your head outta your ass more than that. What the fuck do I even keep you around for?”
“Sure it is,” Cas’s long fingers flew over the stitches, turning and dropping and looping and pulling. And nope, this was not going to be a kink. “But I’m serious here.”
It was definitely larger than his, and the furniture was nicer, but what really stood out to him was how much cleaner it was. His own room back home wasn’t a disaster, by any means; his messes had never even come close to matching what his dad did to the living room when he was on a writing bender. Jimmy clearly had higher standards, or maybe it was Jody and Mary. Regardless, it was another thing he needed to be aware of while playing his role as Jimmy.
“We’re going to do everything we can, ma’am,” he assured her before Cas could give voice to whatever was behind his tightening expression. “I’m NEI Agent Dean Winchester. This is my partner, Agent Castiel Novak.”
Dean choked, head digging into the pillow. He pressed down insistently, not allowing the other man a moment to recover. Rolled his hips without finesse or rhythm, but Cas seemed to enjoy it.
Cas followed him out of the kitchen, planning to go to Jimmy’s room and hopefully see where Dean went to shower on the way. If not, he could still go on to his room without it looking suspicious. At the top of the stairs, Dean turned the opposite way down the hall and opened the first door; through it, Cas saw a white gleam that suggested bathroom ceramics. Perfect.
Novak’s head tilted to the side and then he stepped in close. Closer than he needed to be in the spacious bathroom, closer than normal expectations for personal space allowed, closer than he’d been since Dean stood up off his lap. The intensity of his bright-eyed stare was also somewhere around that level. It took digging his fingers into his own ribs, hidden beneath the shield of his bicep, for Dean to keep himself from revealing the shiver that wanted to shake out from his spine and all through his body.
“Dude,” Sam drawled, face screwed up in distaste. Dean had no delusions that he smelt like a bouquet of roses, but the little shit could
When he finally got the safe open, it didn’t matter. He vowed to rip the other man’s head off. “It’s a key.”
Sam chuckled, coming to his rescue, “Just say ‘Charlie’, Cas. That was her first call sign and she’s adopted it as her name for our convenience.”
With a final acknowledgement, the line disconnected. Turner and Lafitte stared at each other; Novak stared at the speaker. He’d gone still about the same time Dean had.
“You’re gonna get an ugly sweater,” Jack informed her gleefully. “It’s going to be scratchy and indestructible.”
Stripping off his own shirt, he got into a more or less comfortable position behind Cas—he had to slouch and angle his neck to avoid crushing himself against the folded wings. When he had as much of his chest pressed to Cas’s back as he could manage and his arms wrapped around Cas’s middle, he took a last deep breath. It was almost too much, claiming that sort of intimacy when he didn’t deserve it, but he had to.
will be done when you get back,” Chuck promised. He’d made the same promise about Cas’s last day of school, but he still had two months before it was officially due to his editor, so he was actually doing pretty well on his schedule. “It’s just that I’m still not sure about the ending. You remember how I had Max and Alicia going into the underground tunnels after the dragon cult and—”
He slapped Novak on the back hard enough for Dean to feel it, then stepped away to dig around in his pockets for the keys. It gave Novak and Dean more room to breathe, but Novak didn’t take advantage of the empty space by moving away from Dean at all, and he knew better than to try to disengage on his own under the circumstances. Even if the most unsettling thing about waiting on a murderous mob scion to let them in to their new house worth more than Dean’s entire life was that he was pressed close enough to Novak’s side to smell him. The scent wasn’t as strong as it had been with his face in Novak’s lap, wasn’t quite the same without the addition of body-warm leather, but it was there and driving Dean out of his mind.
Dean was a good cop, a good detective. He didn’t panic, he dealt with shit and got the job done because someone needed to do it. But that didn’t mean he wasn’t aware that he had never been in more danger in his life, and just because he could work through the fear didn’t mean he wasn’t scared. It just meant he had to shove that fear down like any other feeling that got in his way.
Sam’s whoop interrupted their celebratory kiss. Accompanied by Jack and Claire’s exaggerated gagging.
Dean shook himself free of the distraction. Cesar and whoever he brought with him would be there soon and he couldn’t let them stop him. He wouldn’t leave Cas alone, not when it was his fault to begin with.
They looked at each other. Novak looked confused rather than angry, and Dean was sure he had to look just as dumbfounded.
The ensuing pinch didn’t really hurt. Giggling maniacally in response did. He wouldn’t trade it for all the painkillers in the world.
hurt, stay where you are. Now,” he grabbed Dean by the back of his collar, almost choking him to death. “I don’t have all day. I suggest you make a contribution to this conversation, before I feed the dogs.”
Cas wraps an arm around his back, spreads the other hand to lace their fingers together, washes peace and warmth over his entire body just by murmuring, “Good night, Dean.”
By and large, sentinels were dicks. He didn’t know for sure that the guy was a sentinel, but chances were decent. NEI had a higher percentage of sentinel agents than the population average; even higher than the per capita on paraesthetics overall. The eye implants weren’t a definite giveaway, since they could’ve just been standard vision, but anything above that would be impossible for a regular human to process without overloading. Ditto for the enhanced hearing—either it was a natural sentinel trait or an augmentation that risked overwhelming non-sentinel senses.
His lie, blatant as it was, worked—because Dean didn’t know all the neighbors’ names and faces, but it was obvious the man wasn’t among them. With an exaggerated sigh, the man held out his right arm as he said, “I wasn’t meant to draw attention.”
He’d made it to four hundred when Cas muttered, “Delta, mute.” Dean’s eyes snapped open and his breathing pattern went haywire.
Just the thought made his skin crawl enough to want to forget the whole idea and the confrontation that had led to it. “Whatever. I don’t know about you, but I need food on a regular basis. Unless you have any sudden investigatory insight from your pal there, I’m gonna call it lunch time.”
Cas shook his head. “I know how to get back. I can control the implant, now that I know how it works, and if I link in that way again I can find Kevin Tran. Let’s finish this now.”
He laughed softly, leaving his lips on Cas’s as he worked his shirt off. “Now you.” He didn’t wait, slipping his hands under to finally,
“Uh.” He scanned the area again, studying what was displayed in his glasses and sending a query to the server. It all came back empty. “Charlie?”
Dean turned away, looking at Sam awkwardly as they tried to give them some space without straying too far.
His gaze swept around the crate perfunctorily while he forced himself to imagine they were props. The blood and viscera and other fluids were just makeup and corn syrup. He was watching a very realistic portrayal of a massacre in space.
“Novak ain’t right as often as he thinks he is,” he told Dean after determining the call was nothing and dropping off it, “but he’s also not wrong all that much, either. And anyway, he is way too ornery for me to fight him over your honor. You can do that yourself or you can play it his way, but I’m not about to be getting in the middle of it.”
By some miracle, Dad managed not to make her cry as he walked her down the aisle. She made a mental note to get him a cookie later. When she saw Jack’s tie (perfectly knotted), she added two more recipients to the list.
The augmentations facing Dean were geared toward practicality rather than aesthetic, though; which made sense, since he was at NEI and not a sketchy, neon-lit brothel. Tubes and wires veined the man’s arms and neck, telltale marks of skeletomuscular enhancement—more numerous and densely packed than Dean had even thought was possible. Inky oil and acidic blue coolant pulsed through the tubes as Dean watched, though the man didn’t move at all. Both his eyes had been replaced with piercingly bright implants that stared without blinking as Dean took him in.
The first and only time Dean had dropped into the aesthecosm, he’d found the zoned sentinel he was looking for right away. Sam had been right there next to him, both in the real world and in the aesthecosm, but Dean had also felt his presence like a tug behind his ribs.
“You might be the only person in the history of the world who goes to camp for two weeks and comes back paler,” Dean decided, grinning. “Though I guess that’s just because Sammy’s already so pasty, who would even know the difference. How’d I end up in a family full of nerds?”
He rolled his eyes, scoffing, “You’re always reading.” He let the kid be, however, before they ended up with a ruptured blood vessel in space. He dipped back out into the hallway, departing with witty commentary, “I can’t believe you brought books
Or so Cas thinks, but the next moment he doubts himself, because the man’s gaze snaps away and his face closes off.
Just barely in time, he remembered that Novak wasn’t asking about plans for the paddle, Dean’s ass, or combining the two. It was almost enough to make him concede Novak might’ve been right about his unreliability, since he couldn’t seem to focus for more than two minutes without getting stupid with horniness. Once they’d dealt with the Styne sting, he was gonna have to go out and get laid every night for a week just to get his dick back under control.
It didn’t look that quick though. Some of them had starved to death, strewn about in shit and vomit and decay.
“I can’t explain it exactly. It’s just—since he got back, there’s something new there. Something—fuck. Sammy, swear to me right now this never leaves this room, okay?”
As Ghost skirted around Dean to start collecting the tiny pieces of wood, Louisiana finally put down his deck and gave Dean another assessing once-over. “So who’d you piss off?”
For some reason, that made Cas giggle. Dean stared at him a beat because he was pretty sure he’d never heard Cas
Cas was already in his seat when they reached the control room, eyes closed and head tilted back inside his helmet. It was the old one, Dean noticed. The one he’d seen Cas don half a dozen times, on different planets, galaxies, ships . . . he was hit by a wave of longing. And not just because the man looked unfairly attractive in a plain charcoal zip-up jumpsuit. He took a moment to simply watch the man while Sam fiddled with his CommsBud, trying to jiggle it into place over his massive, jug ears. (Served him right for being a goddamn giant.)
“Yeah. Don’t bother, you don’t have the skills or tech to find me, and if I’ve done it right then neither will Kevin Tran. Or whoever else is logging in as him.”
He hadn’t gotten much of a chance to argue for it sooner, though, and it was too late to bring it up without risking their cover. Exactly how Novak had planned things, which just pissed Dean off more. All he could do was get his best look at everyone without being too blatant about it, even while he knew that wasn’t really helping anything. The only useful thing for him to spot would’ve been the soon-to-be murdered leaving with the soon-to-be murderer, everything else was just more irrelevant bullshit. And despite Dean’s general displeasure at Novak’s entire existence, that was something even he should’ve been able to see. So it still left Dean feeling useless.
“Okay, that’s what the fuck all this is,” he said, waving his other hand at Novak. “But I was talking about the dollhouse that exploded over your desk.”
from their old friend Rowena, ignore his protestations. Because this place? It looked like it was something out of a fairytale. That sounded
Novak waited a beat. It almost felt like he was waiting to see if Dean had more to say, but he’d made it very clear that he didn’t care what Dean had to say about anything. More likely he was using the silence to prove Dean had nothing to say, to make him sit in the discomfort and anticipation. To make him accept Novak’s control of the situation. It was the move of a good top and a good cop, and Dean half hoped he would get a chance to find out which, if either, Novak was.
“I’m looking for the wire room,” he said, adding just a hint of a question at the end. He addressed it to the room at large, but followed it up with eyeing the guy who wasn’t obviously listening to something else. The man with the cards glanced up at him, looked him over with a skeptical face, and turned his attention back to flipping cards out onto the desk.
“So, you can find out everything about everyone, huh?” It wasn’t the most subtle segue into the conversation he wanted to have, but it would get there and Charlie didn’t act bothered by it.
the credit here,” Claire said after their fourth round. She’d acquired a beer in the confusion, and no one had the heart to take it away from her. Before Cas could complain, she leaned her elbows on the table and pointed at Dean, “
flirt on your own time? We need to go,” Sam interrupted. Cas watched Dean carefully before the logic of that statement won out. He turned, slipping into the corridor, thankfully blessed with artificial gravity close enough to Earth’s.
He turned to snap that he was feeling pretty fucking revealed, thanks very much, but just about swallowed his tongue in the effort when he actually saw the man. That was the final nail in the coffin of the worst operational plan Dean had ever been a part of, the moment he went from thinking it was a terrible plan to being absolutely sure he was going to die before the night was through.
“The kids will be off soon,” he started, feeling inexplicably hesitant. Cas started looking wobbly at that so he hurried on, “Sam and Jess are heading to Oziome for months of ‘research’. Jody’s staying put for the time being, so it’s not like Bobby
He kept his hand blocking the door once Dean was inside, leaning in with a mean sneer. “Well Winchester, I’d tell you to just quit now and save yourself, but you’ve already proved you’re too stupid for your own good. So I just got one last favor left to ask of you. When you finally reach that inevitable day when you just can’t take it no more, jump off the south side of the building. I don’t need to see them scraping you off the sidewalk, you’ve already ruined enough of my lunches. Got it?”
Menacing growls surrounded them. Cas inhaled sharply, reaching out to grip Dean’s arm with his free one. His other one tightened around Claire. Dean didn’t know what the source was, he couldn’t see shit. But Cas evidently did. That, and he clearly thought they were in trouble.
And just like all the rest of their stupid fucking plans, because Dean had been looking at his luck the wrong way the whole time, it worked. Junior and Adler and whoever the fuck the last guy was were happy to sit around the table with Castiel, talking shit and drinking and slurping down soup while they waited for “Little Mrs. Novak” to get the rest of their meal ready. Between the amount they were drinking and the amount of pills Dean had dissolved into their soup, he wasn’t entirely sure they weren’t in the process of murdering their dinner guests, but—
It started with Sam destroying his Comms unit, chuckling uneasily, “Hey guys. Funny running into you here.” It ended with Cas physically hauling Dean into the airlock, sans one little brother. Because the samples they’d harvested were ‘priority’. Dean had stared at him, half out of his mind in his frenzy.
Novak shot him a dark look, but in his character Dean was able to laugh it off instead of feeling a thrill of anticipatory dread. They weren’t wearing leathers, and even if they had been, Novak couldn’t do anything to him once Junior wasn’t around to force them to keep up the act. Maybe he still had to remind himself that was a good thing, but fuck, he wasn’t perfect.
Tired and silent, Dean watched his eyelids drop shut, fine black lashes clumped with tears fanned out against his cheekbones. He nodded to himself, pulling together. “I’ll let the others know.” He backed away, looking at anything but Cas. “You . . . get your shit together.”
“Feed them what we want them to know, you mean.” Novak nodded and Dean chewed his lip. “That’s a dangerous goddamn game.”
Cas was staring at him with big blue eyes. But given that Dean had grown up with one Samuel Winchester, it didn’t do much.
“Lost a week and a bottle of illegally strong whiskey when I bet a guy in my symposium class I could do it,” agreed Ash.
That made him feel more exposed than any of the rest of it, but proved to be practical if nothing else. He’d had to scan in what felt like a hundred times. A normal scan to open the building doors, then both wrist chips in front of the agent controlling passage through the lobby, then to get into the elevator, and another time just to select a floor. When it chimed its arrival on the fourth floor, it did so without opening; the scanner panel pulsed a cascading circle of red lights, demanding he scan yet again to get out.
“Now,” Novak said, wobbling it a bit like the alcohol was finally catching up to him, “now wait, hold on. It’s, it’s very late. And I owe Dean a very hard fucking that I haven’t decided if he gets to enjoy. I’d like to see to that in my own bed tonight. Can we meet you in the morning? If I’m quitting my job, I don’t have anywhere else to be.”
“I don’t actually know. My dad doesn’t like to talk about her. My dad’s name,” he started, then cut himself off abruptly. If he said it, Jimmy could just agree and that wouldn’t prove anything.
His gaze slid noticeably away from Dean to the multiple cars parked in front of Dean’s house. It didn’t return; he just grunted and turned away, pulling the door open wider for Dean to follow him. “Phone’s under the stairs to your left. Don’t call long distance. Close the door on your way out.” Then he thumped off past the stairs and dropped into his armchair with a groan, attention already back on whatever was on television.
“Oh,” he whispered, staring at the sea of cerulean before him, till the words burned away from his eyelids.
“Your order don’t make sense, brother,” Benny snarked. Big words for a man who looked like a strong wind would knock him down. Dean glared at him, noting the pasty pallor of his skin, the sunken eyes. “You get any sleep last night?” he demanded. He did not need a guy braining himself on any exposed tools. Not in his shop. Bobby’s shop, whatever.
As soon as the words left his mouth, he wanted to take them back. He’d been trying to come up with something that made sense for Jimmy without being a complete lie, but hearing himself say it out loud, it was too much. Too honest, but also insincere, because at the moment he said it, he wasn’t really thinking about the things he’d taken for granted. He was thinking about the things Jimmy had. It wasn’t fair to either of them to hold onto that resentment. Their lives were different, but now they were both getting a chance to see the other side of things. By the end of the summer, after they told their parents the truth, it would all change in ways he couldn’t predict anyway.
Not that he entirely wanted to. He’d loved being hugged by Jody, with a bone-deep, nearly inexpressible joy. More than that, he’d felt safe. Complete. He wanted to hug her more, every chance he got. He wanted to see if Mary’s hugs felt the same way, if she was also inclined to hug him. He’d been curious about Jimmy’s stepbrothers, too, and if he’d enjoy their affection as much as he had Jody’s, even knowing none of it was really meant for him. But faced with one of them in person, guilt and worry started to seep in. It was bad enough lying to Jody so he could be treated like the son she thought he was instead of the son she’d left behind; at least he really was still her son. Mary, Dean, and Sam, though—he was nothing to them. A total stranger with no relationship to justify making them treat him like family.
Cas had been extremely expressive, after all. But it wasn’t a great time or place to return to those memories—or to wonder how those expressions would be different in the real world. He’d promised Charlie, after all. So he set that aside and answered, “Trying to find you. And hey, look at that, we did. So what’s up with the disappearing act?”
Novak had said his job was to watch and listen, and Dean could’ve done that from the post Novak had picked pretty well. It kept him in sight of the stairs to watch for comings and goings—especially goings, since they didn’t know what the lover or the hitman looked like—but that left a lot of territory uncovered and a lot of potentials unidentified. There were two of them, a fact which was wasted by sticking together the entire time. One of them on the stairs, one circulating to try and get an ID or pick up on any helpful chatter. That was how Dean would’ve run it.
Dean had been told, when he signed on for the CS team, that he didn’t need to have any particularly specialized technological knowledge. He wasn’t sure how much he believed of what he’d been told, after the cluster of meeting his new partner, so he was relieved when Billie asked, “You know him?”
“There’s a serial code?” Cas mumbled, even as he dropped Dean’s hand and dove blindly in search of said container. There was a few minutes of silence and then, “Okay, got it . . . uh, I can’t read it.”
Her arms were still scarred. Kaia had refused the long-sleeved dress she’d chosen. Told her what she needed to hear.
They didn’t stay to watch the fireworks after that. The team gave them knowing looks and sent them back to their room while they helped deal with a toppling government. Dean and Cas had done their part and what they needed was time together to sort out what was going on between them. The revolution had others to turn to.
When the Lassen group got back to the cabin, Garth had everyone sit in a circle on the floor, oblivious to the grumbling of at least half the group. Cas didn’t participate in the protest, though he wasn’t especially excited to participate in the bonding activity, either. They’d already done introductions and Cas hadn’t even found those very useful. Forced socialization never brought out the best in him, and doing it when he was starting out in a distracted bad mood promised terrible results. But it was clearly happening whether he—or anyone else—wanted it to or not, so he didn’t see the point in wasting the effort to try and stop it.
It was the best time he had available to him, probably the only time, so he just kept looking expectantly at her, waiting for answers.
“I’m the one who told you not to keep him waiting for breakfast! You even came up here on time, so anything after that is even more totally not my fault.”
“Yeah, I know. It’s crazy. I really gotta meet back up with my cabin for cleanup, but I’ll see you in a few hours?”
Dean adjusted his belt for the hundredth time, testing that his gun, restraint filaments, and plastimetal cuffs were right where he would reach for them. He wasn’t used to plainclothes assignments; even when he’d been partnered with detective sentinels in the past, he’d still been a uniformed officer. Armored jumpsuit, full duty belt with bio-locked magnetic releases, and a heavy helmet with a dark visor covering his face. With National Enforcement and Investigation, working as an agent on an investigations team, he’d be in a nice shirt and slacks most days. Maybe even a jacket.
Dean rolled his eyes, “Yeah . . . the control room. My super-secret hiding place where no one ever comes.” You’d be surprised how rarely a crew visited its control room. “Oh no, you’ve discovered it! Whatever shall I
It was clearly an intentional slight and Dean rolled his eyes at the pettiness of it. If they were trying to offend him, they’d have to work a whole lot harder than that to get under his skin. He had no idea who these people were, other than generic corporate lackeys; he had no plans to ever see any of them again, but neither did he care enough to actively avoid them, and he certainly didn’t give a single shit if they knew what his name was.
Oregon was even more run down than Kansas, half of its residents living in old metal shipping containers stacked on top of each other, the rest in concrete block dorms. Pretty much the only government or infrastructure left was the state police, whose job was more to quarantine crime than prevent it. They historically don’t get along with outside law enforcement and were generally assumed to be corrupt. After a significant amount of such talk, Billie reminded them all that she was from Oregon State Police. But they weren’t actually wrong; she just knew some guys who were still there and might be able to ease their way in with fewer ruffled feathers.
“Iꟷ” the man paused, gaze straying back to Dean and catching. Dean couldn’t help but hold it. At some level, he almost felt dissociated, blankly watching while his brother’s head whipped between the two of them.
“Well,” Charlie said after the quiet dragged out for too long. “Uh, congrats and also please never do that again when I’m in the room. Cas, good to have you back.”
It takes Dean a minute to catch up. Given that no one has taken up the baton, he asks, “Wait. You wanna
Bobby chuckled, motioning for Sam and then unzipping the proffered bag. “Asters? Is this another one of your inside jokes?”
“Enough. This is not up for debate and you’re embarrassing yourselves in front of your new teammate, who went through exactly the same testing and application process as anyone else. Sit down and shut up, since it looks like I’m going to be doing the introductions.”
“But there’s no fucking way I can wear a wire or a piece, so I still don’t see how this is gonna work.”
Here’s the thing. As much as people loved to claim alien abductions, it wasn’t that rampant an issue. Extraterrestrials preferred to stay the fuck away from Earth. Homo sapiens had a bit of an image in galaxies far and beyond. For one, if there was an intergalactic yearbook, Earth would be voted ‘Most Likely to Implode Due to Actions of Own Residents’. So . . . yeah. Peopleꟷ well, not ‘people’, per seꟷ didn’t like them.
Cas very nearly lost that control when he sank into Dean, his wings unfolding and flaring to life unconsciously, but there was no damage done save for their shared surprise. When Cas started concentrating to close them away again, Dean gripped Cas’s jaw in his palm and gasped, “Leave it. If you can—just leave it and fuck me, Cas, please.”
With five of them searching, even though only two of them were reliable interpreters, it was very easy to locate the container. Unguarded and not even remotely secured, to their surprise. Too easy, apparently.
“Gonna come for me, Commander?” he whispered against the rough scrape of stubble. Cas didn’t respond in words. His chest arched off the mattress and Dean shivered at the tightness clenching around him. He pulled out, lazily finishing off with his own hand as he settled into the crook of Cas’s neck, avidly watching him come down from his high. “You’re fucking beautiful,” he whispered, nosing at the line of his throat. His fingers fumbled with the knot of the solitary tie he’d found in Cas’s closet.
Lafitte put his cards down, expression equal parts surprise and concern as he protested, “You know you don’t need to. I was just giving you a hard time.”
“And you, boy,” Bobby continued. “Make sure your brother don’t make a fool outta himself. Like an awkward tween at senior prom, this one.”
He ruffled Cas’s hair, just like an affectionately annoying older brother should’ve done at that moment. Cas’s insides squished in on themselves, exactly the opposite of how an annoyed but affectionate younger brother should’ve reacted to that casual touch. Before he could give himself away too terribly, he took a step further into the room and said, “Goodnight, Dean.”
It was one week before the big day, and Dean was being an absolute Dadzilla (Father-of-the-Bride-zilla, even). He’d actually enforced a regimen on them. Eight glasses of water a day, trail mix in lieu of Cheetos and no all-nighters.
She rolled her eyes right back. “We must figure out our next step.” Before Dean could continue being a droll, she pointed a finger at him in warning, “Unless you contribute meaningfully to this thread of conversation, I will throw you across the room.”
Novak cut him a look, and though his face lost the fond smile, it didn’t regain all of its previous hardness, either. “Often enough. But I don’t do repairs unless there’s a very good reason.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Your generosity knows no bounds, Sammy. Don’t act like you’re blameless here, you’re the one who was holding everything up in the first place!”
While he was drinking in the sight, Dean’s brain to mouth filter went offline (probably due to disuse, because he gushed haltingly, “Nice house. You have.”
personally like to believe Rowena is alive and well, probably out there in outer space terrorizing a small sect of space traffickers and having multiple consensual orgies.
“No. No, he is, and whatever you thought you saw, just forget it. I’ve known him since he was ten, this is—I don’t know what it is, but it’s not right. It’s creepy as fuck, is what it is. It can’t happen.”
They’d made it far enough with no sign of anyone around that Dean figured he could stop at the red light. It gave him a chance to look over at Castiel, who had his little wooden house in his lap and profound thoughtfulness on his face. The smart thing to do would’ve been to get witness protection from the feds. Leave the job, leave their family and friends, never see each other again except to testify.
In fact, he felt wrong-footed on more levels than ever. It had been weird enough that he didn’t get much information about the team he was joining, but he’d expected them to at least know about him. A survey of the rest of them didn’t help matters; no one else looked at all surprised or upset by the news. Charlie shot him a sympathetic grimace and the man she’d been arguing with was watching Cas and Cesar with what looked like amused interest. The other woman, still seated, gave nothing away, but Cesar had a stubborn, resigned set to his jaw.
“Dean,” Cas said. He had a weird feeling Cas had been saying that for a while. He looked up at him. A little tendril of alarm flared up in his foggy mind, watching the terror in Cas’s eyes. “Stay here, okay? Don’t go anywhere.” Dean tried to frown.
“How did I survive? Well, all it took was a little magic and a very powerful orgasm,” she smirked. Dean winced, very,
have time for this,” Rowena exclaimed. “You cannot possibly travel with eight passengers aboard that ship. Take your brother and
“Yes, hello again. I’d say I was sorry for lying to your faces but, well, we all know that would be a lie.” The smoke drifted closer to Cas with a thoughtful noise. “Well, you look to be in better shape than I was expecting.”
“No. She talked to Kevin.” Muffled through the door and the shower, Cas’s voice still had enough tension that Dean’s mind started running overdrive with possibilities.
Before Dean could recover from that surprise enough to question it, Cas said, “We’ve kept you from your day long enough. Our apologies. Please carry on.”
“Dean!” his head whipped to the side and his hand shot out to grab the gun sailing towards him. Sam went back to grappling with a dog.
“There’s nowhere in the bar that’ll give Styne’s man enough privacy for a gunshot. If he’s lucky and our victim unlucky, they might get a stall in the bathroom for a stabbing, but still no way to get back out without someone noticing.”
“Uh . . . you guys,” Sam had called from where he had been hunkered down by the window. After Charlie and Rowena had returned, claiming Cas was displaying all vital signs to indicate he was in perfect health. Except consciousness, that is. Dean had sent Sam in to double check.
Dean and Sam felt around for a handle, Cas guarding their backs. There was a little dip, and Dean pushed at it. There was a loud whir.
He squeezed his eyes shut, nodding firmly against Bobby’s shoulder. He swallowed, though his voice wasn’t nearly as steady as he’d been aiming for when he mumbled, “’Course. I’ll see you soon, old man.”
And he missed Jimmy, with a sudden ferocity that caught his breath in his chest. Twenty-one days before he hadn’t even known he had a twin, but they’d spent as many waking moments as they could together since that discovery and for all it had been new and strange and even upsetting, it had also been natural. A new normal that had come upon him so quickly and completely he hadn’t noticed until he realized, too late, that it was another thing he’d taken for granted.
It still didn’t get better as Dean showed him how to thin out the grapevine shoots, because he was right there at Cas’s side, showing him how to decide which tendrils they wanted to keep and how to pinch off the others without causing damage to the plant, joking about how out of practice ‘Jimmy’ was. Even after he’d moved away, trusting Cas to do it right, Cas’s heart kept beating too fast and he felt far warmer than the morning temperature justified.
Fortunately, Junior didn’t insist on sticking around to show them any of the four bedrooms. He did make a comment about the capacity of the master bathroom’s jacuzzi tub that had Dean wondering if he’d tried it out with Ron before offing him. Senior could’ve burst in at that moment or any moment after with a gun to Dean’s head and only one way for him to save himself, and Dean would still die before setting foot in that tub.
Dean kept his fucking mouth shut, hoped Novak was half as good as his insistence at running things indicated he thought he was, and prepared to intervene with whatever bullshit he could come up with if it turned out Novak was useless.
“Yes, that. And I harness the energy of the soul and spirit to achieve feats which simple creatures as yourself deem magic.”
Dean was gearing up for another fight, less antagonistic but still important, about how unbelievably messed up that was when they were interrupted by the woman herself: Naomi had been reviewing Cas’s performance logs and alerted him that he needed to report for emergency maintenance on one of his implants. Immediately.
But most importantly, Dean felt that tug behind his ribs that he hadn’t found in the aesthecosm. More than a tug—it was a desperate ache in his chest, like something had hooked straight into his heart and was trying to tear free. Without stopping to think about it—without needing to think about it—Dean started moving in the direction of the pull. Slowly at first, but even as he was moving toward it the feeling grew stronger, the pain sharper, and before long he broke into a run. False forms appeared and disappeared around him, fantastical avatars of giant trees and anthropomorphized animals and whatever mess of parts was someone’s particular kink, and Dean ignored them all as his pace grew more frenzied.
that had been a marriage proposal. And I was hella doped up.” Cas’s face which was twitching in places he didn’t even
Pursuing a fleeing suspect in nice pants and dress shoes was easier than doing it in full, heavy body armor in a lot of ways, though he did feel uncomfortably exposed—almost naked, really, with nothing covering his head. Thankful he at least had a thin ballistic vest, and that the neighborhood security had seemed to take their jobs seriously, he shouted, “Stop, police!” as he kept pelting down the pavement. He hated drawing attention, especially in a neighborhood like the Trans’ where it would definitely make the news, but it would be even worse if he ended up in a fight or using his weapon.
Unable to end that sentence in a way that captured even a small part of how he felt about that possibility, he made a face and shrugged. Instead of trying, he asked Jimmy, “What do you think?”
With nothing to work with but Cas abruptly grating out his name, Dean could’ve been in for a confrontation on the morning’s punch or another lecture on how much better Cas was at being a sentinel than anyone else or an admonition not to repeat the previous night’s shower activities—which he was in no mood for, anyway. Just the thought of any of that exhausted him.
The first thing he did was text a warning to Jimmy, who didn’t respond. He and Chuck were probably still asleep, and about to get a very unexpected awakening. Next, he got dressed; he didn’t want to handle anything else significant in Jimmy’s pale blue flannel pajamas. He wanted to go wash his face, but when he opened the bedroom door he found Dean standing just outside it, looking awkward. On seeing Cas, his expression couldn’t seem to decide what to settle on: confusion, hurt, anger, sadness all made an appearance.
Then, in exactly the same tone and without twitching his neutral expression, the man added, “This, universally, we consider at least a little bit overboard.”
Campbell Cellars was open year-round for tastings and tours. While the family house itself wasn’t included in that, they did have a set of cottages that could be rented out for events, and Jimmy had told him about Mary hosting employee dinners every few months.
Not that it really mattered, since Cas’s eyes weren’t really his eyes. Being able to see them wouldn’t give Dean any of the clues he could usually find there. Pupil dilation, signs of redness or the hint of tears, focus twitching or shaking—all basic human displays of emotion. None of which Cas and his artificial, mechanical eyes could express.
“The visitor we’re expecting? We know his voice and we know he’s about as smooth as sandpaper when he tries to pretend he knows what he’s talking about. I’m not saying we completely stop watching the stairs, but we can also try talking to some of the guys, see if we recognize our friend. We stay within view and one of us can keep an eye on the door at all times.”
Novak paused, studying Dean as though it had never even occurred to him that might be an issue. “It’s your decision,” he said finally, like he was doing Dean a favor by it. “I think we should do this, but if that makes you uncomfortable we can go back to standard procedure.”
. They fight a lot, still. Mostly it’s arguments about one or the other of them being too reckless on a hunt, like one or the other of them always is, but once it’s started it spins out into every wrong they’ve ever done to each other and that list—no matter how good they try to be to and for each other now, that list is endless and keeps on growing.
“Well, with that uncomfortable sexual advance, I will let you take your leave, my friends,” Dorothy declared. “Return home safely,” she added something in her native tongue. Then she looked skywards and called, “
What it meant shortly becomes obvious, as an aggrieved snort to his right draws his attention to a bull being guided into the pen, ropes wrapped around its chest and a strap of some sort further back. It’s enormous. He had a vague sense that they were large creatures, but seeing it in person is something else entirely. He makes a note in the back of his mind to reevaluate his mental images of bison and rhinoceroses, if this is the size of cattle, but that’s a matter for a later date. Right now, he’s still busy being stunned by the bull and thinks that’s likely to last for a while yet.
“You know nothing about me or my life. Being imposed on your previous partners because they couldn’t control themselves doesn’t mean you have any idea what it’s like to be a sentinel.”
The first clattering thud came only a few minutes in, and silence followed it for a good two seconds before Junior slurred, “Issit a heart-ttack?” Then he must’ve gone face-down in his bowl, too, because a second and third crash followed.
“Yes, well, this isn’t a democracy. Go set the Nav and Deanꟷ prep,” Cas responded coolly. Dean was reeling hard enough that the entendre didn’t (in)appropriately register.
“Oh, uh, yeah. All of them have been. We get a lot of sentinels born in Kansas, but not nearly as many guides, and not all of those guides want to be cops. So those of us who do are always matched with a sentinel.”
He felt a little better knowing Jody and Chuck hadn’t been talking to each other while keeping him and Jimmy apart. Not much, but it helped a little to know the betrayal hadn’t been constant like that. Except thinking about that reminded him of the other, bigger, still constant betrayal: he and Jimmy hadn’t just been denied a parent each. They’d been denied each other. And even as Jody was being confronted with one lie, she wasn’t owning up to another.
“Your skepticism wounds me,” Balthazar declared with a huff as he returned, “but I will prove myself the better man and lead you to freedom nevertheless.”
It came from another cell, only a few feet away. Inside the cell sat a girl, or someone who looked remarkably similar. Long, black curls fanned around her face and deep shadows under her eyes like Claire’s.
He recalled Rowena’s anecdote about escaping Zeta-362. She’d said she’d ‘escaped’. He had a feeling that coming back here wasn’t exactly on her bucket list.
“Identify yourself, citizen,” Cas intoned. He stood in the middle of the road, his wings still partly open like an afterthought; like it was a perfectly normal thing.
“Number five,” Dean grunted, trying desperately to ignore the itch under his nose. He wiggled his fingers impatiently. “Dammit Benny.
He walked over and waved his chip at the reader, making it flash green again, then raised his eyebrows exaggeratedly at his guide. The man’s mouth might’ve twitched, but it also might’ve been a trick of the light as he nodded. Leading Dean through the door, he said, “We have a team meeting every Tuesday; debrief anything significant from the past week, review and assign new cases. It’s also the only day everyone is here since we have staggered schedules. Supervisor Cuevas wanted to bring you in for that first.”
“Someone like—you know what, fine. You want to kill yourself because you’re too good to associate with someone like me, go right the fuck ahead. Maybe you’re right and you’re so special with your augs that none of this basic human shit can touch you. Or—and this is reality, sorry, not whatever fantasy your obsessive nutjob of a chop-surgeon raised you believing—you’ll destroy yourself and I can get myself a partner who isn’t a soulless robot.”
He realized almost as soon as he’d said it that, while that would’ve sufficed with Chuck, it probably wasn’t up to the standard of what Jody expected from Jimmy. When she cast him another skeptical look, briefer since she was driving, he put on a thoughtful frown as though it had been an intentional pause, not the end of his answer. It bought him time to come up with more to say that sounded good.
Over food, they talked about plans for the birthday celebration tomorrow. Cas and Jimmy had had the foresight to discuss those, so Cas knew that Jimmy was expecting breakfast and presents in bed then a trip to the zoo, and Jimmy knew that Cas was expecting Chuck to be in phone meetings most of the day, then they would go out for dinner at Cas’s favorite diner. Cas had never actually been to the zoo at home. It hadn’t been a priority when he was younger—or really even possible, between the money and organization needed to make it happen—and by the time that changed with Chuck’s moderate success and sobriety, Cas had been old enough to worry about the ethics of it all. He’d heard plenty of horror stories about terrible places with abused and neglected animals, but Jimmy promised the one they would take Cas to wasn’t one of those.
She watched him for a moment before looking down. Smiled slightly. “I don’t know about Castiꟷ Cas. But Claire and Jack will probably want a copy. They might say they won’t . . .”
Junior didn’t know any of that, but Novak did. His arm tightened around Dean briefly, warningly, but his voice was even when he said, “This is very generous for just the two of us, Junior.”
Ask him to break into a high security room in the dead of the night with armed patrol standing guard and the military only a few miles out? No problem. But interrupt his ever-elusive sleep and he’ll hold a grudge.
Like it was a signal he’d been waiting for, Cas slid forward gingerly and wrapped his hands around Dean’s. “Then I’m very, very sorry.”
He’s done denying, pretending, letting fear keep his hands to himself when he knows, he knows they’d be welcome if they reached out like they’ve always wanted to. Cas is right there, and he almost wasn’t, and he can’t live with himself if he lets that happen again without acting on this thing that lives between them.
Dean tore his eyes away and they roved over the pill bottles on the nightstand-slab before settling on the blackened window. Rowena had made herself scarce. (Or turned invisible, if she could do that.) “We’re a few lightyears away from the target container, and currently untethered. There were . . . complications. Our systems are down, but gradually coming online.”
Yeah, okay. She’d revived Cas. Twice. Possibly saved Sam from freezing in outer space. Been the best wing-woman a guy could have.
Whether or not Dean’s tolerance was higher than Cas’s—which it probably was—it apparently had its limit and that limit had been reached. Cas’s tolerance had limits, as well, and there was only so much shirtless, freckled muscle he could take without being caught staring at inappropriate times. He was pretty sure Dean did catch him looking, which was so mortifying that he mumbled something—he honestly wasn’t even sure what it was—and hurried off to the opposite end of the row to start working down there instead.
“Is that why you insisted on being Delta?” Cas’s eyebrows jumped. At Sam’s nod, he shrugged, as if to say, ‘fair enough’. Then he turned back to her. “Charlie,” Cas nodded, looking comically relieved.
The trainee dropped Dean at the gate to the Trans’ complex so he could scan himself in and use the walk up to their house to try and collect himself before seeing Cas again. When he got there he didn’t feel ready yet; he decided to check around the outside of the house for anything they’d missed, and there he happened upon an extremely sketchy character eyeing the side of the fence like he was thinking about trying to scale it.
And so he’d found a nice cubby (read: hiding place) where he could disappear into a fabricated world. Billy Pilgrim had just finished making a jump when a Chewbacca invaded his personal space, sighing mightily and stomping about noisily.
“See, therein lies our issue,” Charlie had gestured at Rowena, who’d hopped off her seat and stridden forward. “Without the radar system, none of us could possibly locate
Insincere and spiteful, Dean called after him, “Sorry, did you need that? I just assumed you were too technologically advanced for peeing.”
“Aw, isn’t this just sickeningly sweet,” the Limey asshole droned. “I almost hate to separate you all . . . but I do believe I’ll enjoy watching you bleed out even more. So, you have the count of ten. One, two, three . . .”
So it was up to Dean to bite the bullet and prove he was useful. “’Cause Junior ain’t got a mistress,” he said. It came out pretty well. “Eagle’s a queer bar.”
“No idea,” Charlie admitted, sounding as frustrated and unhappy as Dean felt. “But my guess? It’s related to everything Naomi’s done to him. I mean, the neuro-uplink alone is—and then she was fucking with his brain today, too. The timing just adds up, and not to anything good.”
When he felt Novak’s head move, Dean turned, too, meeting his eyes without hesitation. Yeah, he was still terrified. Yeah, he had no idea what was going on behind Novak’s cold, hard eyes. Yeah, getting forced into a sexual situation with a coworker who hated him wasn’t exactly ideal for either of them, but it was the best option they had. Novak’s jaw clenched, worked from side to side, then all the muscles Dean could feel from where they touched lost their tension and he nodded.
been obliterated, however. They’d found no identifiable residue to confirm Rowena was gone. Ketch, that bastard, had irrefutably turned to sawdust. Charlie, Stevie and Dorothy, who’d arrived early to help with the wedding, had all said soft, Oziomei prayers. Sam had been suspiciously dry-eyed. (Considering he’d caught Sam’s ‘she’s just a friend, Dean’, Jessica, rubbing a dainty hand over his back.)
All he could manage were little jerks of his limbs and head to ensure everything was intact and working. He hadn’t left a disembodied pinkie in CR7.
“Mmhm,” he hummed, squeezing Cas hard, just to annoy him. He wasn’t disappointed; the man squawked. “Gotta wake up and lead the troops to battle, Commander.”
But Balthazar considered himself a man fated for his one true love, and Cas had learned better than to try and dissuade him of that notion, so he let it go and turned back to look out the window as the bus pulled away. His dad was still standing there, waving and wiping his nose like the embarrassing nerd he was. Cas waved back, because he wasn’t really that much better. As excited as he was, he’d miss his dad; they’d never been apart for nearly a month before.
He pulled out tenderly, jerked himself off with Cas’s body pressed against him as he whispered praise and love into Cas’s skin. Then he held Cas, undone on the virtual projection of his heartless childhood bed, until the tears stopped and he knew they couldn’t delay any longer.
They lost the thread of the conversation after that, making out like horny teenagers for a good twenty minutes. Dean pulled away, lips throbbing, “We should probably talk about all this.” Cas shut him up by pushing up his shirt and scraping his teeth over Dean’s left nipple, causing him to let loose a noise resembling a dying cat. “Yeah, okay, you make a valid point.”
One lamp got broken in the process. Not because he thought it had anything in it, which it didn’t; he just needed to break something.
Dad wasn’t any help either, content to sit on the sidelines and cheer him on. To be fair, he was probably plain terrified. A lot of people had been, since that little, er,
“You’d go back if it was Gabriel. That asshole isn’t even your biological brother, but you’d go back for him,” he grit out. He fisted the front of Cas’s suit in his hands, glaring down the kicked-puppy expression. As a testament to his self-control, he didn’t hurl the guy into outer space without a helmet. Just moderately shook him a bit, “I will hijack this ship if I have to. I’m not leaving my little brother behind.”
Even if saying nothing was a pain in the ass, and not the kind a guy could expect and enjoy at a place like the Eagle. Even if saying nothing meant he had to just go along with it when Novak wrapped strong fingers around his bicep and all but shoved until Dean was where Novak wanted him, along the wall a few feet from the stairs. Then Novak leaned against the wall himself, so close the smooth leather of his jacket brushed Dean’s bare arm, and said in a low voice, “Let’s enjoy the show.”
As though following the same train of thought, as soon as they were clear to talk again, Jimmy said, “We need to meet up without having to wait for the next meal and hope we’ll be able to have privacy. Do you know how to get to the hollow tree?”
“Do you have another clip?” Dean asked, carefully tucking the gun into a holster and securing the whole thing at his waist.
I’d tell you if she was. I think she just needed some space, you know? Clear her head. At least tomorrow’s just the rehearsal.” People claimed her girlfriend was the most virtuous, trustworthy soul they’d ever crossed paths with. People were
A small smile pushed through the gloom, growing until it reached the expression Dean had come to recognize as Castiel’s happiness. “Yes, Dean. I think they can.”
Dean made an annoyed sound in response. He wanted to watch that smile Cas was toting. Could Sammy please stop being an interrupting bitch, momentarily? When he turned back to the little family, he saw two pairs of widened eyes staring at him in horror. Claire and Jack were going to need a
Dean braced for reprimand or disdain, bit the inside of his lower lip to prepare for keeping his mouth fucking shut while it came, but Novak flashed something almost like a smile at him. It was brief, there and gone in the blink of an eye, but his slightly arched eyebrow stayed behind. “And which of those six would that someone be?”
It was a painfully tentative question. Dean nodded, then remembered Cas wasn’t looking. He knew that was a good thing, but it was hard to find his voice to say, “Yeah. It’s our team. Our friends, who are worried about you. We’re in a room with them right now, out in reality, and they’re trying to figure out how to help us.”
They spent the rest of the drive in a charged, hateful silence that carried them all the way into the secured garage and up to their unfortunately shared room. Cas made it inside first, but Dean pushed past him—ignoring the fact that it hurt his shoulder and didn’t really move Cas at all—and shut himself in the bathroom. He’d initially just planned to take a piss and brush the bad tastes of the day out of his mouth, but when he saw that they had a halfway decent shower, he changed his mind.
Dean squeezed the already-crushed cup in the fist he’d used to throw the punch. Cas was going to report him. Of course he was—objectively, Dean knew he deserved to be reported. But he was still seething at Cas’s words. He didn’t give a shit what Cas thought of Kansas, but the suggestion that Sam had died because he was weak, that he’d deserved it for not being good enough—just thinking about it was almost enough to make Dean try hitting him again.
“Let’s depart,” Charlie broke through, just as he’d been reaching out to trace the intricate, foreign engravings on a gun longer than his arm. He pouted a little bit at her and she laughed softly, reaching out to pat him on the head. “You are adorable, my friend. But we must leave.”
They made it back to the doorway without incident, and Dean was starting to get that itch under his collar that came with the unease of things being too easy. The itch was right.
“You’re an asshole,” Dean said with no heat at all, a grin still on his lips. “Yeah, okay. I still want that, though for the record you know exactly what happened to it because it was you. You happened. So I’m doing the shower and sleep thing, but don’t think you’re getting off this easy. We are revisiting this topic in the morning, got it?”
And Cas stood there like it was nothing to have thrown himself into that number—onto that pile of corpses. If anything, he looked irritated at Dean’s reaction. “Yes, but it’s more advanced than earlier attempts and as a sentinel I’m equipped to handle—”
“No, yeah,” Dean halted his pacing. The ground under his feet actually looked an inch or two deeper. Had he literally worn tracks into the earth? “Our buddy doesn’t seem to know about . . . all that. So far.”
“Be that as it may, it read like him,” Charlie called from her seat without looking up. “And that’s not even the only weird thing about it. The only reason I could even ID it was that I had his other log to compare it to. There was no chip registration—not even blocked, just blank, which should be an auto-reject from the cyberscape. Even I’ve never been able to get around it.”
At the words, Cas’s head jerked up and over to him, but Dean kept staring at the too-familiar shape of the hole in Cas’s arm; kept staring even after Cas had pressed a circle of synthskin back in place to cover it. If it had been anything else, he could’ve written it off as just another mod, built in since Cas already had the eye implants and skeletal augs to track his movements, but that port—he knew that port.
“If that’s your argument, you could just as easily extend it to suggest that even this connection won’t let us through unchallenged, so then what difference does it make?”
Even Dean’s normal hearing could make out the increased flow in Cas’s coolant tubes as he tensed angrily, but Cas fixed his unnatural stare out the window again and just said, “Take us back to the hotel.”
Jimmy and Cas made faces at each other, which he was delighted to learn was much more satisfying than making a face at Balthazar all by himself, and then they went their separate ways.
“The difference that it makes,” Dean said, pulling out his CS glasses and motion-sensing wrist bands because he was syncing in with or without Cas’s approval, “is that he might be hot shit in cyberscape security, but in the real world he’s a kid from a sheltered suburb in Michigan with private security, three gates, and a biolock door between his room and anything scary. Nothing has ever come near enough to threaten him and I bet you it hadn’t even occurred to him before now that anything ever could.”
Dean faltered at that. Rowena shrugged noncommittally, claiming she had no idea what he was referring to.
Cas leaned over the table, pointedly watching the blinking green dots. Rowena was curled up in the cubby by the window. Her eyes looked red and her expression was cloudy.
“Sam’s right,” Cas added. “He’s usually right, so you should listen to him.” He cracked a soft smile at her.
There weren’t a whole lot of options for that lofty goal, but their burgers looked palatable enough for synth meat. Cas was quietly contemplative as Dean grabbed food for both of them then nodded toward the hallway. They got looks as they walked out with full plates, but they’d been getting looks the entire time; as Dean predicted, no one tried to stop them from leaving. He let Cas lead the way to their room, a standard bunk on the third floor with one bed lofted over the other and two desks across from them.
He sat and motioned for Dean to do the same. There were a few extra chairs around the table, but it left Dean with two options and neither of them was very appealing. He chose the lesser of two evils, taking a seat between Billie and Cuevas instead of between Ash and Cas.
“Okay, but . . . how do you know the pattern?” He’d managed to pry a thread loose and was wrapping it around his finger, over and over.
“I told you to call me Junior!” Despite the late night and significant amount of alcohol they knew Junior had had, he didn’t look much the worse for wear that morning. Still, Dean couldn’t be sure if his snap irritation at Novak’s unwanted formality was the fault of a concealed hangover or just how he was as a person. Either way, he hoped Novak didn’t push it. They knew the guy was volatile enough to murder his lover over an argument, and he only had a single evening’s attachment to the two of them.
“I’m touch-sensitive,” Cas said softly, like he was admitting some big secret rather than stating the obvious that had led Dean to add that warning.
“I hope you’re happy. Now that you don’t have to pretend you possess basic human decency,” Dean shot over his shoulder as he made to leave. But, oh Castiel. Castiel had to get the last word in.
Cas wound up in a large armchair near the tub holding Dean, still twitching and flinching every few seconds. There was no way to keep their skin contact like Dean had when trying to find him in the aesthecosm, but since that hadn’t worked anyway and he wasn’t sure it would make a difference in the cyberscape, Dean let it happen.
Cas shrugged good-naturedly and Dean studied the tightness around his eyes. Tried not to let the consequent concern show. Castiel looked one trip down memory lane away from . . . something. Possibly a complete mental breakdown.
“No,” he answered the question he shouldn’t have been able to hear, “we don’t consider our routine physical security measures to be overboard.”
anything, Castiel,” she was saying to him. She sounded angry but her expression was one of plain concern. “You need to get him to the ship. Now. The most I can do is ensure the debris outside doesn’t contaminate his wounds.”
Dean believed him. Kid was probably one of the best on the planet. If he didn’t know how . . . and Charlie hadn’t sensed anything or whatever, either. “He was probably just messing with your head, Cas.”
Cas met his gaze as Charlie snapped her tether onto Sam’s, half-questioning, half-terrified. Dean shook his head, and the warring emotions gave way to calm disappointment.
“Jesus Christ,” Sam repeated. He swallowed convulsively, and Dean wondered if he was going to throw up. He hoped not . . . ralphing in your helmet was the lowest circle of hell. And yes, he’d learnt that the hard way. Plus, if Sam went, he’d set Dean off. (Hell was nice, but one visit a lifetime is the perfect amount.)
They confirmed it and she gave them what information she had, which wasn’t much: Kevin’s avatar appeared every afternoon, stood there without responding for a varying amount of time, then logged out. They asked a few more questions about Kevin before his disappearance, but it seemed Linda’s assessment had been right and Channing claimed not to know anything about what had happened. Letting her know someone else from the team—Charlie or Ash—would be in touch to check on the technical side of things, they ended the interview.
“Cas, can I have a word? Privately?” he hissed. Cas wavered, but the crew took the choice out of his hands by shuffling out in various shades of awkward.
It was Rowena who came to Cas’s rescue, looking remarkably settled. Which meant she knew, somehow. He had a feeling Cas hadn’t told her. She’d probably be the last person Cas would go to.
They hadn’t run a profile on Linda—sloppy, in Dean’s opinion—so he didn’t know if she was where Kevin had gotten his brains. But she wasn’t an idiot and clearly picked up on the tension between them if her frown was anything to go by. Dean guiltily resolved to do better making sure it stayed just between them.
“I was scared. And ashamed. By the time I realized it was never going to get better and I was always going to have this piece of my heart ripped out, I thought it was too late to fix it. All I could do was do the best I could for your brother and hope that Chuck was doing the same for you.” Jody brushed the tears from his cheeks with her thumbs, shaky but tender. “We really fucked this up, didn’t we.”
“We’ll only turn to ‘mush’ if your brother fucks up the prep,” Cas declared stubbornly, setting his jaw.
“Okay.” Footsteps; Cas wasn’t sure who moved, but the next moment he heard cloth sliding and moving in what he imagined was some kind of reassurance. “You’re freaking me out a little here, Dean. I promise. What is it?”
Cas continued to glare for a few moments after Balthazar sauntered off, but he had to get moving before all the tables filled up and he couldn’t find two seats next to each other. He landed at a table not quite in the corner, where they had a good view out two of the large windows as well as being able to see about half of the cafeteria. Not the half with the bathrooms, where Balthazar would be coming from, but he deserved having to look around a little for abandoning Cas like that.
“Kevin Tran,” he announced. “Eighteen. Software prodigy. Missing for three days, along with all his equipment and notes.”
Their hips snapped together in tandem and they let out twin groans of pleasure. “I have a feeling you haven’t been coping well with the whole abstinence thing.”
And okay, yeah . . . Dean shifted uncomfortably, because training also talked about not going back once launched from a target site, but here Sam was. Awash in guilt he saw reflected back from Sam’s face, he called, “Cas, wait. Maybe we can take a vote.”
“You and Jimmy. Trade places after camp. He’ll come back with me, you go off to wherever he’s from—”
No matter which it is, Cas always says, “Good morning, Dean,” and turns around to return the kiss to his lips before he takes the first sip. They share the drink in the quiet dawn, sitting side by side or standing shoulder to shoulder; Cas wakes with the sun as a matter of course, but he’s only up because no bed is comfortable enough to hold his interest for more than an hour or two when Cas has left it.
If anything, every interaction (or lack thereof) since the kiss had confirmed his worst suspicions. That Dean had been the one actually feeling any emotional pull towards Castiel. For Cas, this was plain lust. Or worse, a way to bide time till he returned to his lovely little family.
If that had been the extent of it, Cas would’ve believed him. He put the second and third people to greet him specifically as they passed down to general friendliness and a welcoming spirit, even though Balthazar didn’t get quite the same reception. Maybe they could tell he was new, somehow, and needed the boost. When a girl standing by one of the larger trees looked directly at him and called, “Hey, Jimmy!” he assumed she was talking to one of the dozens of people behind him. But when another boy welcomed Cas back while calling him Jimmy—even he wasn’t that stupidly oblivious.
Castiel stared at him like he’d grown two extra heads and started using them to headbutt himself in the first, most idiotic head. “What?”
Startled, Cas turned and saw Sam standing in the doorway of what must have been his room, arms crossed and a petulant grimace on his face. But his eyes shifted over to Cas and his frown twisted into something more confused. Cas wasn’t sure what Sam had seen or what he thought of it, but it was enough to make him nervous as he forced out a quick wave and then shut himself inside the safety of Jimmy’s room.
Dean gagged. Sam was grabbing him, urging him to sit up so he wouldn’t end up choking on his own vomit. Claire was calling out to Cas, trying to escape her girlfriend's grip, “Dad! That’s enough!”
“No, Dean. We have a serious problem. Junior introduced me to the friends he’s bringing over, and—Dean. Deputy Commissioner Adler will be here in twenty minutes.”
Hanging on to his control by a thread, Dean reached forward and grabbed him by the collar, as though in warning. Which, in hindsight, he knew didn’t necessarily faze Cas in any way, shape or form. In fact, there was an odd spark in his eyes as he retaliated with a hard shove. Dean stumbled backwards, stubbornly hanging on and taking Cas with him.
“Ugh, fine. But then you should bed that,” she paused, as though rooting around in her mental lexicon for the proper human word, “delicious sausage.”
ASTERIA, like a complete asshole, just played the opening bars of 'Thus Spake Zarathustra'. The other guys didn't even seem remotely concerned but Dean was going to be having a
Needed a minute on that. Needed a minute to wrap his head around the way Novak didn’t just look like all his deepest fantasies put together, he was acting like them, too.
Dean wanted to show him. He wanted, needed to show him with kisses that Cas could feel, because they were to his body: his cheek, his lips, his neck. With hands that traced over his skin, light and firm, soft and hard, letting him feel the difference and see what he liked. With their bodies coming together, a bond that was real and personal no matter where it took place.
“I suspected,” Castiel admitted, grimacing. “Never had any proof until now, but when he sent you down to us, I thought… I thought you were a plant.”
“There’s an ongoing dispute about ownership. Dick—President Roman—designed the first version, Naomi created and perfected them. She also…” Cas frowned, rubbed unconsciously at the back of his neck and stopped as soon as he noticed himself doing it. “She considers it one of her failures, due to the extensive number of surgeries and the damage inflicted. She’s written off the whole project, I don’t think she’ll touch them again even if they malfunction.
Dean turned his gaze to the bare wall before him. Did trauma even apply to Cas anymore? Did it just get assimilated into some overused trauma schema? “There’s nothing in this world that kid
In place of Novak’s answer, an approaching voice said, overly loud and familiar, “Well don’t you two look cozy!”
He’d known, in the surreal, abstract way that came with things everyone knew but no one around him had experienced, that Oregon was different. Actually seeing the block housing was like looking into a whole different world. The cement and rusted metal buildings, each twice as big as the Kansas barracks and at least three times as tall, were sealed off from each other: three rows of fence between them with razor wire lines every few feet up to the top, what looked like transformer boxes around the base to electrify them. What windows there were had bars or grids, some so narrowly spaced that Dean had to wonder what, aside from people, they were trying to keep out. Or keep in.
Oregon had once been known for its expansive forests—at least, that was the story. Just like the stories about guides being bountiful and sentinels rare, there was no one alive who had actually been around for it. The land Dean saw in his brief, accidental glances out the plane’s windows had no green amidst the gray and black, stone and ash. All that had burned generations ago, most of the west coast, and nothing had grown since.
The bus honked a warning, so Cas gave his dad one last quick hug and joined the rest of the stragglers in shoving his bag haphazardly in the storage compartments underneath the coach and climbing aboard. Balthazar rolled his eyes expressively, but moved his legs to let Cas squeeze past him to the other side of the bench seat he’d been saving.
“Nah, it’s not like that. Saw it for sale a few months back so I figured I’d buy it. I was gonna give it to my friend, you know, the one I was telling you about? But hey, he ain’t gonna need it anymore, right?”
ꟷ betrayed him. Plucked his glass right out of his fingers and knocked it back. Then knocked her own drink back. Then half the bottle, plucking it easily from Dean’s grip.
“There’sꟷ there’s someone . . .” she trailed off, wide eyed. “It’s easier to just show you.” She turned around and called, “
Dean grinned down at him. “Not only that, I can get you going again,” he threatened, reaching under himself to do just that. It didn’t take much and Cas was good to go, so he sunk in with one swift move.
Whether because of that or because Dean was getting biofeedback in a suspension gel through his clothing and Cas’s nerves were wired directly in, Cas came before Dean was close enough for anything to come of it. That was fine, because Cas’s orgasm was the success Dean needed; the proof that whatever had been done to his body, he still lived in it and it could be good to him.
Before he could do anything about it, Sam caught up. And boy, did he catch up. Cas didn’t look remotely fazed when Sam slammed him into the wall. “The hell did you do?”
“We could stick around for the rest of the week,” Claire tried, leaning beside him on the countertop. “Make sure the packers don’t break anything. Claim that insurance if they do and try to cover it up.”
Cas watched him with a critical eye, as though searching for some answer from his very soul. He must have found it, because he took a step back, “Then we leave in three days.”
He doesn’t follow just yet; not until Cas’s breath comes steady again and they’ve traded places on the bed, so he’s lying back and Cas is over him, working down his body with such tender focus that the world could try to end at any moment and neither of them would care enough to notice. It’s then, with Cas’s mouth hot and wet against the jut of his hip bone, that he breaks down. Curls his fingers in Cas’s hair, “Love, oh, love,” falling from his lips as easily as tears slip down his cheeks.
Fuck, he’d missed Cas so much. He’d been terrified. He’d been angry and guilty and hurt from rejection. And all he wanted to do was wrap his arms around the other man and never let go. He let the bottles drop to the ground. They clattered noisily as they rolled across the floor.
“Great!” If it hadn’t been for the threats of death that had preceded it, Dean might’ve called Junior’s delight childlike. As it was, he was mostly impressed that a real, living person could make Batman villains look well-adjusted. “I’ve got a driver waiting, he can take us now.”
The thing about decoding Cas was . . . it took a while. But you’d never hear Dean say it wasn’t worth the effort.
. If it wasn’t for Dean, she’d be terrified about moving away and leaving Dad and Jack to fend for themselves. “It’s
Cas’s frown deepened and his eyes opened, fixed on Dean. “How come I don’t hear you? I hear you, but I don’t hear you the same as them.”
to describe what they were. Some looked like guns. Designs ranged in similarity from rifles to super-soakers. There were blades and knives with wicked curves. There was a whole shelf of miscellaneous items that his fingers itched to fiddle with.
The three guys made their way inside, where Bobby was patiently twiddling his thumbs, having rolled his chair up to the doorway.
They’d found a calm, secluded little beach. It was quiet enough that they could hear the seagulls crying and the waves lapping at the shore. Dean wiggled his toes into the retreating foam, managing to get sand trapped in his nail beds.
map Castiel’s body with his fingers. Fingers dragged up and down his spine languidly. He traced his mouth along and under a sharp jawline.
Only another round of kissing, started and led by Cas, stopped the flow of words. Then he drew back, looked at Dean with a shy determination, and asked, “What if it’s not too much because it’s not enough?”
Once again, Junior helpfully interrupted the moment. “Come on, I want to buy you a drink and get to know you better. I insist,” he added, stressed with just enough hint of malice that it was clear he wasn’t going to be allowing any refusal for that request, either.
Though the space was larger than he’d expected for the least valued subset of the department—even parking enforcement got a better rap, and they weren’t even real police—he figured that was down to cheapness. Turning the abandoned evidence pen into usable space for anyone else would’ve meant cleaning it up, which was clearly not a priority since there were still sections of wire fencing at random intervals around the walls and chipped paint where other sections had been.
“That sounds like such fun! You really are being so good to us, Junior. It means the world to me, and to Jimmy too.”
“Glad to know my pain is so entertaining to you,” he bitched, though he made no move to pull away when Cas started carding his fingers through his hair. Fingernails dragging along his scalp trumped self-respect, even on a good day. In keeping with the theme, he might even have cried a little bit.
“But they’re not the only ones who got hurt. I heard… That is, I listened to you and Sam talking last night.”
“No, she’s not local. And no, before you ask, Kevin isn’t with her. They both would’ve told me and he has no way of getting to Vietnam.”
Cesar looked between the two of them, his mouth a thin line within the frame of his goatee, and Dean wrestled down his instinctive desire to lash out. He was new and uncomfortably uncertain of his welcome, he couldn’t afford to piss off the boss no matter how justified he felt in it. No matter how pissed he was at his dream job being involved in some kind of power play.
That still meant absolutely fuck-all to Dean, even when Ghost added, like it clarified anything, “For chairs.” But he carried them over to one of the cluttered desks at the far side of the room, and as Dean’s gaze followed him he saw that it too was covered in small bits and pieces. Unlike the litter from Dean’s desk, most of them had form:
Dean hadn’t been wrong to expect some sort of reaction from Cas to the incident in the barracks garage, but he was surprised at how long it took Cas to say something. It didn’t happen at the barracks: Cas had obtained a towel from someone while Dean was handling Tracy and handed it to him without comment after Tracy had been ushered away by what remained of her squad. Raw from what he’d had to do and surprised by the gesture, Dean hadn’t been able to offer more than a grunt that vaguely approximated gratitude. It had seemed to be enough. And when Dean had rubbed off as much water as he could, leaving him damp but no longer soaked, he fished the borrowed car keys from his pocket and handed them to Cas, Cas just nodded and led the way through the garage.
The explosion took them by surprise, and for a minute, Dean was sure they were under attack. One look at Cas’s face had realization slamming into him harder that any gunshot could.
It was a long time before they pulled up in front of the gray building that housed Pamela Barnes and her illegal, experimental underground laboratory.
“And I got Dean into the onboard training session at . . . fake NASA. Class starts tomorrow, bright and early,” Sam side-eyed him.
Sure enough, she didn’t let him off the hook so easily. “You sure that’s it? Nothing that happened while you were gone?”
The plate was set aside to safety on the desk before Jody claimed motherly privilege to be the first gift-giver.
