And soon enough, the TARDIS was making the same sound, which John thought announced that they were landing.
, we must protect your wife from him from now on. In fact, she should have been in hiding since we first offered."
Sherlock was standing on the ledge. Damned Mycroft, everything was wrong. Nothing was ready yet. Lazarus was a no go yet, and he needed to jump. He cursed Moriarty, the man had put a bullet to his brain before everything was ready. But it was worth it, dying. He would die for Lestrade, for Mrs. Hudson, and he would die for John. For John. He would do it for John.
John moved to grab him in case he collapsed on them, and proceeded to give him more water. At that same moment, they could see the people approaching the wall. Men, most of them, armed with machine guns and other semiautomatic weapons. But something was wrong with them. Their bodies looked rotten, in different stages of decomposition. And in all of them, John could see the same grey eyes.
“You? Why would I want you as my handler, John? A man whose wife just left him with a newborn baby, who, as soon as he sees the opportunity, would see fit to leave me alone and wandless again?”
They started arguing on that point, and John began to pace in the big office. He stopped near the fireplace where both Hermione and Percy had left through. There was a golden framed photograph on the mantel, large enough that he could see the detail on it. It was a picture of Mycroft's wedding day. He was at the centre, arm around the waist of the most beautiful woman he had seen in his life. He was wearing bottle green robes and had a look of satisfaction on his face that John had never seen before. Mycroft's wife, he already suspected her identity, was a dark-skinned beauty, with long dark hair well-formed curls, a regal face and violet eyes. She looked like a queen in lilac dress robes with flowers all over her hair. Standing next to her was Sherlock, in purple robes, barely containing a laugh, with a man almost as tall as him in identical dress robes, with blond curls and an angelic face with an impish grin that didn't quite suit him, arm locked around Sherlock's elbow talking to his ear. Next to them, another beautiful woman with platinum hair and a regal look was rolling her eyes at them, clearly visible in the magical portrait where everything moved. Side by side to Mycroft was Percy and right beside him, Kingsley Shacklebolt, Minister of Magic, both of them in dark green robes, finishing Mycroft's part of the wedding party. At that moment the picture changed, Sherlock laughed, and Mycroft's wife stepped on his foot in anger, the other man started laughing bending over. The groom's party began to look at them like they were mad.
"I remember that the Ministry convicted many Unspeakables after the war and many of them died during the battle. But since you told me your brother is a war hero, I figured he was working for our side in the war."
“I trust that you will find the Doctor, my friends, and until we meet again. Give Mycroft my best, Sherlock. Too bad he was taken when I made a move, as you can see I’m a sucker for gingers. I thought Greg was going to beat me senseless.”
Note update 4/12/2018: I'm giving this fic some love after a couple of years, so expect changes in formatting, grammar, not plot though.
"However, Creevey here happened to spot our target heading your way just minutes ago, and your removal from your flat was necessary to ensure yours, and your baby's well being."
“I would have used a potion for that, you are really talented with the healing spells big brother. I’d forgotten how much of a pleasure it was seeing you work.”
The taller man took his hand from over John’s, and placed it on the side of his chair. John proceeded to retire the hand from his knee then. Sherlock looked back at John with a sort of longing now. John knew he would never have him now.
His voice remained oily, and he was sporting a fake Holmes smile now to add, turning on all his well-hidden charm. Alissa was frowning, but she let her husband do his ‘thing’. Evidently, she also wanted him to come home, even if she was mad at him. John decided it was best to play along and get Mycroft his discharge.
John felt slightly nauseous at the term of endearment falling from Sherlock's lips. It felt surreal. This version of his friend was not the cold Sherlock he used to know. He wondered if he even knew the man for real.
, we have brunch prepared at the house. Mummy and Daddy are there already. Join us, you and William. You look like you could use some good food and company.”
"You called my mother? You're so vain, is this what you had in mind as retaliation? What did we pull you from? Film or theatre this time?"
John walked towards him, pulled out his wand and started healing him without another word. The wounds wouldn’t close.
“We need a plan now. If Moran didn’t already know we are here; I would say retreat and come back with backup.”
Victor started working on the rock, with no results. He moved, shed his jacket, revealing pale muscled arms with freckles, he changed movements with his wand, then he started looking at Alissa, a question evident in his eyes. Alissa then looked at her boss and moved to grab Victor’s arm, as she began doing the loaning magic charm. Harry looked surprised at this but didn’t comment. She did a nonverbal spell anyway. Soon the rock started changing, but cuts appeared in Victor’s arms.
“You are the best of us in healing, don’t I know that. Too much to ask for you to have a blood replenishing potion with you?”
John wasn’t in the mood for eating, but he was hungry, having eaten only stale biscuits and tea since the day before. He ordered the first thing he saw on the menu and proceeded to stare at the man seating across him.
They ate silently; Victoria was retelling her escapades to Mummy Holmes, who was listening with an amused look on her face. Sherlock was playing with his food, not touching anything until John gave him an ‘Eat or else’ look, so he started nibbling on some toast. It was then, while they were quietly around the table that Alissa went stiff. Her eyes turned violet, and she started moving her fork, scratching her plate. Sherlock stood from his seat, holding the chair behind Alissa, as Mycroft pulled out his wand.
“Like I was going to miss that! One doesn’t look a gift horse in the mouth. But, then, I expected some gain from this, so it wasn’t all selflessness.”
"Didn't know, do keep up, John. I thought he was dead. He most definitely knows now. He was taunting me, you see. That Moriarty you and all Britain saw on the screen? Sebastian Moran on Polyjuice Potion. I'm adept at identifying telltale signs. And his Moriarty was all wrong. You see, Sebastian was in love with Jim. And, well, let's say love is a powerful motivator in a criminal mind. He hates me, John, deeply, maybe as much as he loved Jim. He told Victor all things he would do to me when he was duelling him. It seems he thought I had captured Jim's attention in more than a murderous obsession."
on every possible surface before pushing the metal door open. Sherlock took in his surroundings, no doubt gaining every possible information available. John could see nothing that could pinpoint where Moran took Alissa, but he knew Sherlock’s mind worked on a different level. He looked at the table, and his face lit.
"You see, you leave, and this is what I have to deal with every single day. My patience is running thin."
They entered through the fence, and John noticed all the plants in the front garden looked withered and dead. He told Sherlock that, and he nodded.
Alissa looked determined, never mind the army of undead people with machine guns they had to face before actually obtaining their target.
“Interesting, we’ve grown a long way, doctor, in just a couple of days. From stating earlier this week that you didn’t expect an invitation to my wedding to admitting you were scared of my imminent demise tonight.”
He sat down on his chair, looking as if the world had ended. Watching the Iceman crumble was something John never thought he would witness in his lifetime. Sherlock raised Victor's wand and complied, then putting his brother to sleep. He then turned to Victor.
Mycroft turned, with a look of quiet amusement in his face that made John want to punch him in the nose. To be fair, Mycroft caused that visceral reaction on John more often than not.
Sherlock seemed reassured, and they walked again together to the pensieve. Sherlock looked at John's hand; he seemed unsure that he was allowed to reach for it this second time, so John took the lead and grasped his. It was clumsy, not the usual hand holding with interlinking fingers, but an unsure contact. He shouldn't even indulge in this, he thought, he is, in fact, a married man with a pregnant wife waiting for him at home. Sherlock emptied the content of the second vial in the silvery bowl, and John touched the liquid with the tip of his wand.
“And we both wanted the same thing, you know, in the bedroom. That didn’t work at all. But you two, you two would work. And just so you know, I envy him that. I would tread the depths of hell for a kiss like the one you gave me, one that was really for me. I know this isn’t perfect timing, your wife just left you. I’d say good riddance, but then you’ll probably beat me to a pulp. But he needs his wand tonight, and you are the only one he will accept as his handler.”
John felt alive again. Sharing the cases with his brilliant flatmate, who impressed him from the very start. He moved in with the madman after one day of meeting him, and his life was never boring after that. They started going on cases, running about London and in more than 200 hundred years John hadn’t felt like this. He started having complicated feelings for his newfound friend since day one. John had killed for him, not hesitating for a second, when he felt the man was in danger. He knew he would kill again if it meant saving Sherlock, as many times as it was necessary.
The last straw for John was Afghanistan. This time, he was wounded, and by magical means nonetheless. His arm was almost useless after that. Before Afghanistan, John had stopped using magic. And what happened to a warlock when he stopped using magic? They withered away. And they started to age. John was starting to look well into his thirties when he came back, wounded and miserable, cramping himself into a bedsit, like a wounded soldier, not a glimpse of the wonderful being he really was. His sister was battling her own wars, her marriage to a mundane crumbling, and her old addiction to fairy fruit kicking in. She was going to get trapped in the fairy revels if she wasn’t careful.
"No, no, just being a masochist I think. I've archived my brother in such a way in my mind, that only the mention of his name triggers the memory. It's like having a panic room in the mind palace. When someone enters the proper combination, the information flows. I didn't delete him but stored him such a way I can't access it regularly. It involves magic, a variation of obliviating and my own ability to store memories at will. Mycroft did it."
WARNING!! This chapter contains a really gory scene and mentions of a bad guy wanting to do something unspeakable to a baby, not actually doing, but plotting to do. If something like this triggers or affects you in any way I encourage you to skip this chapter.
“I’m sure he’d be delighted. He wants to meet Trevor. There aren’t many metamorphmagi around, you know, and Trevor is famous all around the world.”
John raised his voice a little, giving them his best Captain Watson glare. He didn’t expect the response he got from the girl.
"Yes, I am a doctor, and I was a soldier. I also happen to be a wizard. Come on, deduce away, you have a new fact now, work your magic."
“Well, so that’s settled then. Let’s join Harry and the others and then we can visit our daughter at the hospital.”
“The plan is a go if he accepts it. He will have to, though, if he wants to use his wand today. He was going to borrow his mother’s wand for the night.”
“He did; however, I did not answer his call. This seemed like a more important affair and I’m pretty sure even Mycroft can’t make a blue police box appear in our sitting room. John, I’m afraid this is one of those cases.”
"Exactly. Mycroft had left the school that year, so it was only me. I was eleven, and I remember those months at Hogwarts as the happiest from my childhood. Professor Snape liked me from the start, which was not that rare, he loved my brother, he was a Prefect and one of his most cherished pupils. But I think he saw in me something different, kind of a kindred spirit. I was brilliant in potions from day one, and since I was reticent and never talked much, he never disliked me as much as he did some of his other brilliant students, like Hermione Granger-Weasley."
"I'd rather be with our child. In fact, let's remedy that, I'm sure Father could use the company..."
had happened yet in their timeline, but he hoped he lived to see it, because they only knew one Greg and he hoped it was the same Greg Jack was referring to.
“Yes, she did. And I did the same, until I was eleven. That was the day the Shadowhunter who came said he will try his luck with you next year.”
“You don’t know what you are asking for. Trust me, I, know him. And Johann knows him too. She is ruthless because it’s in her blood.”
“Did you have a code?”-Sherlock looked stunned and didn’t answer right away- “A code, Sherlock. Did you?”
John sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose again. Sherlock had never heard anyone address John like that, anyone but him, that is. Clearly, they were more like Mycroft and him than he thought before.
"They," and she motioned the mousy looking man forward, and the girl on the window took her cue too "are Dennis Creevey and Gabrielle Delacour. They will be in charge of your security from now on. My husband has procured a house on Cornwall for your stay during this troubled time."
“So like you to throw my own words back at me, brother. I don’t need to remind you, if I hadn’t indulged in this little adventure, all of you would be dead by now.”
“I’m available. If you are considering Alissa, you know me better, and I’d be a great godmother, trust me on that. I’ll spoil your baby rotten.”
was still going nowhere. Then Magnus gave him a coin and two pieces of paper, and John was speechless. Those belonged to Ragnor. He held his brother’s wrist in thanks, and the warlock just smiled back at him. Then someone passed him the baby, and the little guy was a charmer.
“Some vampires are all right. A friend of mine used to be close to a vampire, also my brother seems to like the vampires from his territory. But not me. I’ve never trusted a vampire. The only one I liked a little is not a vampire anymore.”
We finally get a glance at John's siblings and their relationships with him. Introducing the one and only Magnus Bane and High Warlock of London, Harriet Watson. Sherlock is fascinated with the Shadow World, especially by the figure of the Clave and the newly introduced Shadowhunters.
The group goes to meet with London's Packmaster, and alliances are revealed. Sherlock gains new insight on the running of the werewolf pack. Mycroft and Greg don't see eye to eye.
“Are you sure, Mr Holmes? Venomous Tentacula poisoning is a grave matter, as you know. You might want to stay here for a couple of days, to get all sorted out.”
“Oh, this old thing. This is my grandfather’s TARDIS. Time and relative dimension in space. Quite fancy, you know. I’m so sorry, but we need your help. Both of you. So if you and your husband would be so kind as to join us, we are quite desperate.”
“Are you a warlock like Magnus? I was hoping to pair with one. My name is Jia Penhallow. Would you care to join me in this battle?”
His eyes were dry now, but he felt something different than the emptiness he usually felt when he thought about his parents' fate. It was like finally sharing this with someone, no, sharing this with Sherlock of all people, had changed something inside him.
“That is a little more complicated. When I stop using magic, I age. I age slower than humans, but I start aging. When you were away, I had to use my magic again. There was a war in the Shadow World, and I had to fight.”
He stroked the hand he was holding for what seemed like ages. Mary slept quietly, and he was lost in thought until he heard a soft knock on the door.
John braces himself and touches Sherlock knee. He is not repulsed, he sees. He doesn’t flinch at contact with John. He had never really dated mundanes much, except that one time in the 1800s when a beautiful and kind mundane woman caught his eye. He abstained after that partly because of Ragnor, but mostly because it wasn’t worth the trouble, revealing himself and explaining everything to someone. Someone who would eventually die and leave him alone. Even after the contact lenses, he liked being alone or in the company of his own kind. He had enjoyed the company of some Shadowhunters in the old days, when his brother visited London, and he and his brother had a real fight once about a werewolf suitor, which they both wanted but Magnus got in the end. He liked the new generation of Shadowhunters from the New York Institute, especially little Clary Fairchild. In fact, John Watson was a real grinch sometimes. The silence spreads comfortably between them, and sooner rather than later, Sherlock’s hand is over the one he has on the detective’s knee.
John started to worry about his possible reaction to the memory. It wasn't like Sherlock to confess any weakness or mistake whatsoever. Then, today he had been more open with Sherlock than in the past five years, and he had reciprocated, giving information, expressing 'sentiment.'
"I don't think you would remember older members of your rival house, especially if they didn't play Quidditch."
The server came with John’s coffee and his Chai, almost melting when Victor threw his angelic smile at her. Victor chattered non stop about his work, and Sherlock, and his study of transfiguration, and Sherlock, his bond with Alissa’s family, and Sherlock, and his mother, and Sherlock, and Mrs Hudson, and Sherlock. John was starting to feel dizzy. The man was a chatterbox, and he didn’t seem to mind if John was paying him attention or not. He grabbed the bill before John could move to reach it, and gave the waiter an obscene tip. She almost bowed as she escorted them out of the cafe.
“Shit. So sorry, John, sorry, I thought we were bringing you from a place in time when you already knew I was alive. But I guess this had to happen sometime. I do get an invitation to your wedding sometime in the future, and that could only be true if you knew I’m still flesh and blood somewhere.”
“Your baby is doing great. She will be staying in the NICU the rest of the week, and if she is still doing fine, which I don’t doubt, we’ll move her to Intermediate Care on Sunday.”
They passed a few of the aurors, who waved at them as they made their way into the crowded space. Alissa was waiting for them in her office, and Victor was playing with a portable device, which one, John didn’t really want to know.
He looked lost for words. Molly decided to take matters into her own hands, quite literally, by holding Greg's hand and speaking up.
“We will catch you both at the Ministry later. We are going to visit our baby at the hospital after this.”
Sherlock looked at the girl intently, making her squirm. If she did know him, she had to know mentioning Mycroft was not a good idea.
thinking that was going to be the death of him. John instead kept quiet for a couple of seconds, before a look of resolve passed before his face.
“We finally managed to trick him. We had to elaborate a new reality, where he succeeded in abducting Alissa and me. He resisted it at first, but after he was convinced it seemed he was going to bring her to his hiding place all along.”
“Yes, he is. Even if he would tell you something different. And not only that, he is a good friend of my parents. I can’t imagine what my mum will say if I tell her I somehow managed to misplace the Doctor.”
"It was my sixth year! I missed the sorting that year! I was snogging with Alicia Spinnet before the feast started and Snape gave us both detention!!! He was waiting outside the Great Hall, the slimy git, probably waiting for Harry. Both him and Ron crashed a car into the Whomping Willow that day, and he caught them unaware. We were sent to McGonagall's office and came down when they were finishing the sorting with Ginny Weasley."
“Oh, Mummy!!! You’ll be wearing robes!!! I know you hate them, so I’m going to bring the most beautiful robes in the world so that even you won’t object to them, even if I have to do some modifications myself. I’ll buy Miff a good birthday present too.”
“This old thing? I love it. T for Thunderbird. That was our house at Ilvermony. Alissa has a silver band on her right ring finger, with the T and the feathers, much more discrete than this one.”
"I think John needs some time digesting this new information my dear brother. I suggest we reconvene later for a debriefing on the current case. Moran has been quiet for a couple of days, and we might need something more before we start moving on him. Lissa hasn't seen anything new related to the case in days."
“I don’t want to be the one who breaks the Accords, beloved one, I’m the High Warlock of London. I have to keep peace and order.”
"That is what they call Potter, Granger and Weasley nowadays, I heard today. Did you ever meet any of them at school, Sherlock? I liked Ron; he was a little dimwitted sometimes, but better than Percy. I always thought Harry had the worst luck ever."
"Let me do the same kindness that you just did for me, allow me to introduce my partner, Dr John Watson."
"Victor does love his Quidditch matches. You know, Victoria is an actress, and her schedule is all over the place."
Percy seemed so glad to see him, definitely more so than John was, and grabbed both his hands in his.
John felt his sorrow come back. Victor was half a war orphan. And so young, most of them were too young to understand why their parents were fighting. They were supposed to apparate near the entrance in a couple of minutes. He and Sherlock were supposed to go into the warehouse, taking the first entrance to the left. Everyone assumed positions, pairing with their partners, and when Harry said go, John felt Sherlock’s hand on his arm. They apparated just outside the warehouse, not a sight except the other team members, each in their positions. John was reaching for the handle of their supposed entry point when Sherlock pulled on him and made him face him.
“I’ve just told you that all the stories are real and you tell me that she can’t be my twin because she looks about twenty?”
"I invented them myself. When I left Beauxbatons, I was seventeen, on my way back to England, without a single friend, better yet, without acquaintances in the magical world. I enroled at Uni and went for Chemistry, trying to achieve a better knowledge of potions by mixing muggle science and my magic."
"On his head be it, I don't want to know what Alissa will say when she finds out. Victor, I meant it, we'll leave you behind if you take too long."
“That’s because I’m not a Shadowhunter. I’m a descendant of a Shadowhunter family, but I didn’t receive training and don’t bear marks. So I don’t own allegiance to Clave or Council. And for that, Gideon, I thank you.”
“Is that a respectful way of speaking of your life partner and father of your child in front of a virtual stranger?”
The music changed to some traditional wizarding dances, kept in vogue by the pure-blood families and the posh end of Wizard Britain and Scotland. These were a little more difficult, and those dances didn't come up in his lessons with Sherlock. His partner smiled at him and led him on a simplified step, Victoria and Oliver showing off with one of the more complicated versions, a Scottish one John had seen only once before on a colleague's wedding from his St Mungo's days. Mycroft and Alissa kept on the original British steps, but John could see Mycroft frowning and mouthing the word 'exertion', and they turned around dancing just in time so that the doctor could catch Alissa mouthing 'non-sense' back at her husband. Some couples sat down when the traditional tunes started, but John noticed Hermione and Ron kept dancing, albeit in a moderate way like his and Sherlock's. Harry was now standing on the sidelines beaming proudly and talking with Rolf and Luna, while Ginny danced and laughed with a tall boy with pink hair, a pointy nose and warm coffee-coloured eyes.
“Well, I’ll see you darlings on the other side. I better go first and make our wall on the other side of this one.”
"Yes. My sister sometimes sees the most gruesome things. In spite of that, she is the sanest human I know. Well, I take that back, after all, she married Mycroft."
Victor made a motion to his mouth, like a zipper, and remained mercifully quiet until they reached the window of Quality Quidditch Supplies.
Sometimes he thought Mummy could see them too. One day, as he was playing with a grey skinned small man in the yard, he saw his mother running to him. Picking him up from the grass, he could have sworn she was glaring at the man, before turning her back on him and bringing him inside.
"John, those are my friends in the picture. I was the 'maid of honour' at my brother's wedding if you must know, both Victor and I were at Alissa's side when she made her mistake of marrying into my family. That is Gabrielle Delacour," he signalled to the platinum-haired girl in the purple dress robes that matched the colour of Sherlock's and Victor's, "the other two you must recognise."
“Now, now, brother, all those modifications will take some time. You need to baby proof that flat and remove your dreadful experiments. That place is a health hazard. Maybe John would be more comfortable at the Manor House? We have a nursery ready. I’m sure Mummy would want to stay for a while to help with the baby.”
John took the paper from her hand and read the contents. Alissa raised her wand and started moving her hands, not speaking the incantation out loud.
The cooler was there, on a side table. John felt creeped out about the contents of said cooler, so he decided to ignore it.
“Hello, beautiful girl. Libby, darling, it's your daddy. And this” he turned and looked at Sherlock then “is your father.”
John Captain? John turned to look at him, something was troubling him, but he then seemed determined.
He said it to no one in particular, acknowledging for the first time that a dinner party was indeed occurring. He had a weird look on his face, which probably only the people currently in the room and his brother would have recognised under his usual mask.
“Maybe after all this is over we can have a friendly match at my place? There’s a nice place near Godric’s Hollow where we can play unseen. My kids love it.”
“Miss Hooper, as you clearly know, my presence was requested. Your packmaster asked me to come. Open the door.”
Harry looked torn, already holding the coin in his hand. At last, he seemed to weigh his options and nodded at Sherlock. He gave all of them the possible addresses, and he grabbed John’s arm, motioning Victor to catch the other.
“I tell you what, if you manage to find some time to visit I’ll add both your names to the authorised visitor list at the hospital and you can sneak for a little while, both of you together.”
John threw an annoyed look as Sherlock continued crawling over the floor of the warehouse. He pulled some tape from his robes and started gathering samples, a satisfied look on his face. Sherlock stared at the front vacantly, no doubt gathering all the info available on his mind palace. The detective touched the dust and placed a finger to his mouth, and then he leapt from the floor.
"Oh, Sherlock! You silly thing, Father knows I only have eyes for him. But Victoria was supposed to go with me to the Hospital."
“My son was having a bit of trouble with his grandfather’s old nemesis, which unfortunately resulted in him being thrown in a batch of poisonous gas and radiation to save a human girl. This triggered his first allowed regeneration. After which, he came out looking like this.”
. I’ll do a reconstruction right now, so I can see what happened here. I can feel your protective charms, only a Portkey that had John travelling to this room could have gone through. We almost bounced off. Allow me.”
He stepped out of the Police Box and soon Bill was following him out. John saw, and really couldn’t believe where he was standing. In a middle of a desert, a kind of makeshift tent was settled. In there, and sadly not for the first time in his life (honestly, how many times can a man live through stuff like this?), he saw someone who he believed was dead. He walked fast, deciding to confront the vision.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide as he allowed John to pull him back. The DI was looking at both of them like he was going to have them committed to the madhouse.
He took his umbrella and pulled the handle, revealing a beautifully carved dark wand, made from Elm from tip to handle. He looked at his wife intently, and he waved his wand, producing a silvery Falcon.
“Antivenom. Moran poisoned Victor, but it doesn’t affect him, as you know. He poisoned you slowly loaning you his magic. This dose isn’t enough. We need to get you to St. Mungo’s. A minute more, and you would be dead on the floor.”
"I've never been completely clean in the past ten years, so naturally I've never had my wand back with me. Yours is the first wand I touch in a year."
“You know I can’t you evil thing. But I trust you can bring me back something suitable? Madam Malkin’s my dear, nothing less.”
“Griz, I need you again. Lend me your magic. Thanks for doing it in front of Harry, I mean it. I know you didn’t want more people to know about the spell.”
They were giving him a well needed shave and he was bickering with his brother as usual, already well dressed, when he decided to ask.
Once again the image changed. This was fourth year John Watson, panting, Oliver Wood beside him, after a close call in the Forbidden Forest.
“And that, Tum, is the reason you are mediocre at best when you try to make potions. You don’t have the patience for it. Potion making is an exact science, and it will not be rushed.”
Sherlock seemed interested in Oliver's point of focus. John could see he kept looking a Victoria like he was trying to say something and changed his mind.
Sherlock actually gaped. John looked at least ten years younger. He looked younger than Sherlock now, early thirties or late twenties. John looked possibly delicious and Sherlock just wanted to kick everyone out of the flat and have his way with his part demonic flatmate. Who would’ve guessed he had a thing for blond and hot twenty going on thirty somethings? Well, he definitely had a thing for hot short blond warlocks, apparently.
John felt sick now. But I guess Moran deserved it as much as anyone could. As always, it seemed that Sherlock could read his mind.
And then he finally looked up. And blinked. Then continued blinking, without stopping. Victor finally caught up with him and started laughing, started laughing just like John that is. Which made John laugh too.
, you have never killed a man without a good reason to do it, John Watson, either with or without magic. You are a good man."
"And you kept this from me all this time Mac? Don't tell me you didn't know, won't believe you anyway."
He loved the man who was now sharing a bed with him for so long; he couldn't even remember when he started his devotion to him. Maybe from the beginning. He took the right side of the bed, and placed his wand in a similar position as Sherlock’s was in the opposite side, he should get a holder now, he had one for his Browning for God’s sake, and slipped under the covers, pulling them from under Sherlock. The detective took his wand and motioned the curtains closed, darkening the room. The only light left was the glow of the laptop, and as he turned, he felt Sherlock scoot closer to him and place a hand on his shoulder. It took him only a couple of seconds to fall asleep.
John’s hand closed in a fist, as he started clenching and unclenching it until Sherlock grabbed said hand and placed it on his lap. He managed to relax a little before adding,
“I’m severely allergic to the venom. One drop, and it wouldn’t have been a normal death, it would have been an anaphylactic shock.”
Sherlock Holmes was attracted to John Watson like a moth to a flame. He sensed something different in John, but he couldn’t really pinpoint what it was. It could be that he was loyal, and caring, also really handsome. He cursed himself sometimes for rejecting John’s advances on their first night out. But with his anomaly, he had never been able to hold anyone close. He never opened to anyone, after the rebuttals he received from his mother and brother about his little “quirk”. He contented himself with the few people he let close, his loving landlady, Lestrade, who was now a DI and a quiet pathologist named Molly Hooper. And John. Now John Watson had woven himself into his live, unassuming and patient sometimes, a really angry little man other times, but really, Sherlock could get on anybody’s nerves most times. Now John didn’t even yell at him about the body parts in the kitchen. Then Moriarty came.
“Yes, emotional turmoil can do that sometimes. It happened as we where dismantling Moriarty’s network. One day, the usual Thunderbird he was so proud about, then just like that he produced a raven. He thinks it’s a crow and a bad omen for him.”
He opened his eyes, and he saw that Harry and Alissa were already searching the cottage. The world was still glowing purple, but he felt better than before, so he let go of Sherlock and started walking through the front door after the aurors. They were already in the kitchen, and John saw an elderly couple holding hands in the sitting room. They followed, the aurors into the now not so empty kitchen, the woman from outside laughing at another man happily in the kitchen.
John confronts Sherlock about the sight and starts explaining things about the Shadow World. Something is unfolding, something neither of them are really prepared to face. Introducing Sherlock to the Shadow World, and we get a little background on John's past.
“Well, no. Ta for that. I’m just a regular human, well regular if you take out that I’m the daughter of two UNIT agents.”
He came back to reality, and gave the torturers a piece of his mind. The man didn’t seem to like his deductions one bit. The moment the one whipping him left, his brother chose to reveal himself. Soon they were out of there, the last remaining bit of the spider’s network finally gone.
“I can’t imagine His Royal Stiffness hanging around Shadowhunters. He’s always been so, well, so all honor and the wonders of Fairie. And the members of the Unseelie court have always been so unwelcoming of outsiders.”
"It might take days. There's been a lot of fighting over her state from her surviving relatives. I've meant to tell you; she left you some old books in her will."
"You have your wand; we can get in. Do you have an apparating license? Can you do side along apparition?"
“Quite an interesting family you have, John. You’ve been holding out on your old friends! Your brother’s wife is beautiful; I didn’t catch her name.”
“Hardly. Enough people are involved as it is. Send the two that you have to one of the sites, Gabrielle and you can go to the other, and the rest of us will get to the last one. The team who finds Moran signals the others.”
He said it in a mocking tone, but he was smiling, and John could notice he was very good looking, for a boy that is. He had a pale face with freckles, and red curls, cupid bow mouth and pale greenish eyes. His companion was behind him, tutting impatiently. He was also tall, and a little stouter, with a sour look on his face.
John apparated them just outside their destination, and he could see the darkened slaughterhouse just in front of them. They crept slowly towards the door.
Sherlock finally moved from his place in the wall and was about to speak before Hermione started on Mycroft.
With that, he touched his wand to his robes, at the same time that he transformed into the petite blond woman John knew as Victoria Vertro. She blew a kiss to Sherlock, and stopped to kiss John on both cheeks. John let her do it, neutral look on his face. She walked out of the door, and they soon heard noises downstairs, a happy shout of ‘
"I know. Mycroft misses nothing. Which is the reason I don't tolerate a lack of informing on his part because he does it deliberately. The man never just 'forgets' to do something. He only makes calculated decisions."
“Do tell me what you have in mind, John. I’m positively bored. This case is not promising and I find your proposal.. intriguing.”
“Brother mine, Victor has decided he wanted to claim his payment for the case today. He wants to grant you back your wand privileges, that is, if you accept to have a handler until you’ve proven you can keep your nose out of trouble.”
“Shit, that was the reason why it worked, probably. You are a natural with transfiguration, even if you didn’t know the words your intent was clear, and I was doing the same movements on the other side. Do you think any of the others will try it?”
Oliver’s eyes brightened at this, and he placed his other hand over the one already shaking Sherlock’s.
. Mrs Watson is through this door, but they sedated her. She has a blood pressure monitor on. You can go in.”
"This is not a muggle assassin John. Moran is a dark wizard, mighty and unfortunately made insane by grief."
“St. Mungo’s. Tentacula poisoning. And we must be going. It was a little too much for our friend here too.”
“It depends on how skilled an Oclumens the other wizard is. I think only Mac and Harry Potter himself could match Alissa as a Legilimens. I’m not worried, but this is taking them a little longer than usual, especially since both Miff and Griz are tackling his brain at the same time.”
“It still wasn’t fine with her. They were two of her best agents. And they’ve never been the same after. Honestly, the only reason you escaped prosecution from MACUSA was because you're family.”
“Yes, demons are evil creatures from other dimensions, that come into this one to cause mayhem and havoc. There are many types of demons. Warlocks have a mark, something that identifies them as other than human. It could be very obvious, like horns or having an entirely different color of skin. Like the Wicked Witch of the West?”
She ran the stairs, just to almost bump into Sherlock, who was already wearing his Belstaff and scarf, no doubt Mycroft alerted him as soon as John got the message.
“Come on! Griz told me she welcomed you into our family. So just think of them as a gift from, I don’t know, an annoying cousin.”
“It has to be me, you see. A bit of forewarning to anyone who knows what I can do. I  mostly acquire this ability voluntarily, as you are giving it to me now. I thought it was fair that I needed to be myself to do it. Many trained wizards will recognize me, so at least they know who they’re facing. It evens the playing field a little.”
“Also, the reason you always choose dark suits or dark colored shirts if you are wearing only a shirt, which is never.”
Sherlock pulled out his wand, and as he looked at John, he produced a silver fox out of the tip. The fox started circling the dragons, but it only seemed to slow down the inferno. John had to look at the fox twice before registering the shape. Of course, the man had a fox as his Patronus. John pulled his wand, and soon his fox hound joined the fox, trying to stall the flames from reaching his master.
Ianto’s face lit up, and he started moving the gears and programming a destination in the control panel.
Harry, John and Magnus jumped behind what Sherlock supposed were Greg and Molly, because in their place there was a big wolf with silver fur and smaller but not less impressive brown wolf, howling and biting at multiple scorpion creatures that his brother was impressively battling with a very big sword, which he was maneuvering with his right hand. His suit was torn in multiple places, revealing his marks, which seemed to help him, because with his other hand he was giving himself new ones with a brilliant instrument. Soon Harry and Magnus were right there beside them, throwing blue waves at the creatures, keeping them at bay from the rest. But
“Yes, dear Magnus, I see that you are up to date with all your gossip. And not any fairy, I must add, Riegan.”
“Mr Holmes! I don’t know if you remember me from the Minister’s House last year? I’m Roman Hudson, Head Healer here at St. Mungo’s. Is everything in order? I happened to catch your brother here” – he turned and looked at John – “who was arriving with another injured party. The healer in charge of your case wanted to ask how you got the poison in your body since he couldn’t find a bite on you.”
She waved him off and said “Retrieval. Take the body into the Department of Mysteries. Alert my husband, Harry, and the investigation team. I’ll give a full account as soon as I get back into the office.”
They apparated into an alley, three blocks from John and Mary’s flat. Victor continued chattering as they walked, and John grabbed his key and entered the flat. It looked just as he remembered, so that meant Moran wasn’t looking for anything hidden there. He left Victor in the sitting room, looking around and grabbing pictures from the mantelpiece as if he was visiting some long lost relative. John climbed the stairs to his and Mary's bedroom, and opened the closet door, retrieving a box from the bottom of it. He grabbed it, and a few of his muggle clothes, and placed the whole bunch in a travel bag.
“True, but maybe they expected the one who entered to die because of the curse of the door. If someone tried to enter alone, the poor bastard probably wouldn’t be telling any tales. I only made it because I’m fantastic.”
John did as Sherlock told him, and the tapestry moved forward and split into two curtains, revealing a silver bowl, glowing with bright silver light. John had seen a Pensieve once before, in the office of the Head Healer at St. Mungo's. He never needed to use one, so he waited patiently as Sherlock circled the bowl and poured the golden liquid inside. Then, without looking up, he grabbed John's hand, pulling him, so he faced the magical container that was right next to him.
, who knew? But John knew his heart. He wanted to move back to Baker Street with his baby girl, share his space again with his mad infuriating flatmate who sulked like a toddler and walked around naked in a sheet and who went days without talking. He loved the man, loved him so dearly that it had taken marriage and the threat of separating again for him to come to terms with it.
“But I won’t get to say goodbye to Uncle My, and who knows when I’ll be seeing him again, with you fighting with him and all that Daddy.”
“Yes, he did. Sometimes Ragnor was manipulative too, as you know. And that doesn’t change my mind about vampires in general. The fact is that I saw the fairy and the Shadowhunter dead in a place that clearly wasn’t Fairie. In a middle of an alley in London it’s clearly not Fairie. I’ve been to the Seelie and Unseelie courts a number of times, and it doesn’t look anything like that dirty alleyway were we saw those bodies. Sherlock saw them too.”
Sherlock was reluctant to leave, especially as he saw one of Mycroft’s men hunch near one of the two bodies, one that Anderson was approaching.
"John, old scars shouldn't be part of your concern now. Moran is slipping through our fingers, and all of us have high stakes in this case. Your family's safety should be your priority now, not wondering about some wounds that already healed."
“Yes, they passed by. Theresa doesn’t like to linger. But I needed some assistance. And she always comes if the London Institute calls. After all, this was her family home.”
“John. John. Where were you? Usually I’m the one with the absentminded gaze. Please keep up. You were telling me about your brother?”
John touched the handle and felt the familiar pull in his navel, too fast for him to let go, pulling both Sherlock and him into an empty place. He still had it in his hand when he tried to register his new surroundings. It was another warehouse, an empty one, and soon he could see a fire starting on the opposite side.
“I actually need to talk to him, and would appreciate if you set a meeting. He has been avoiding me. I don’t know why.”
"Weasley was an Auror, but left the office a few years ago, to do what I don't know or care. Granger is the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, higher than Potter, his boss actually. Same level as my brother. My brother is the Head of the Department of Mysteries."
“I’m a Junior Time Lord Billie!! I won’t get a TARDIS and missions for a long time, I was just allowed out of the academy to help my mum!”
John walked with Mary into Sherlock's room, which happened to be pristine at the moment. No sign of anyone sleeping there for a couple of days.
They knocked the door, and a middle aged man opened the door, looking at all of them in worry. He seemed to be the butler, graced with the sight no doubt, at he glanced at the warlocks and at the ‘mundanes’, because even with his current attire, John’s warlock mark wasn’t visible with his contact lenses. He kept looking at Harry, who he clearly knew.
He had left everything in 221B exactly the way it was before Sherlock left. He cleaned up the biohazards, but he could still believe Sherlock was still there sometimes, when he saw the violin, the microscope and his dusty chemistry equipment. The days passed, and he kept going to work, trying to make sense of his boring life.
John thought about his baby daughter, not even a day old and about to become an orphan. He looked at Sherlock, and he realised, if this was dying, at least he was going to die with Sherlock. This time, he won’t be left behind.
The door was still closed, so they rang the bell. A beautiful woman opened the door, but when she saw it was them, she transformed back into Sherry the house elf. Interesting, John had seen her before pretending to be a muggle housekeeper. All these years and Mycroft kept surprising him.
“There could be a moment, an opening. Mind, you would only have minutes. And you better go armed. Mmmm, if you take my father’s TARDIS she might not even shoot you.”
"About that. Sherlock, are you sure you want John in Lissa's memory? Most people find what she sees, how she sees the world, rather unsettling."
Moran hissed at the detective and threw a killing curse, and Sherlock barely deflected it. One of Victor’s curses hit him, and his wand arm started bleeding profusely. He placed black flames around Alissa, almost burning Sherlock with them, as he turned his attention back to John and Victor, throwing killing curses all around him like a madman. He didn’t fear death, because his body was far away, safe from harm. They needed to get him alive.
“Is he in there then? Does he want to stop this? Because I know what the stories say. I know that this is supposed to be our last night together. If he wants to stop it, I will let him.”
This civility from Sherlock to Mycroft was starting to unnerve John a little. He preferred the banter the brothers usually had. And John suddenly remembered something.
They made it to the visitor’s entrance just in time, talking to the dummy doll, who sent them to the emergency department. It wasn’t filled with people, like the muggle A&E because, mercifully, real magical emergencies were rare, and people were quickly sorted and transported to their respective wards. John looked at Victor, whose eyes were fluttering as he finally lost consciousness. Both men carried him inside St. Mungo’s, and John started to check on his wounds.
“Never tried a shield charm on bullets. Could work, but I guess it would be better to transfigure something into actual shields. Or Kevlar. I don’t even know if that is possible. It wouldn’t work for this type of weapons, anyway.”
“Call me, okay? And if this is who I think it is, you have nerve showing your face here, young man. He thought you were dead.”
He stammered. Backing away from Harry, he bent over himself and started hyperventilating. John’s anger turned into concern.
The centered bit is the Parabatai oath, which is taken from Cassandra Clare's book, but basically it's taken from the Bible originally. It's the oath Jonathan makes to David in the Bible.
So yes, Victor is an actor and into musical theater, so his pet names for his friends are all from Cats. Sherlock and Mycroft use his pet name because they secretly love theirs.
Their movements were slower and intimate, not as methodical and poised as the hosts, but certainly not lacking technique, at least on Sherlock's side. John was barely avoiding stepping on his partner's toes, but he let him lead him across the ballroom. The detective looked ecstatic; John knew he knew how to dance, hell, he was the one who taught him how for his wedding. But he enjoyed it, it came naturally to him, and it seemed like right now, Sherlock was finally having some fun at his birthday party. John could see Alissa whispering in Mycroft's ear and smiling without missing a step.
Where the two idiots finally talk about their feelings, and they finally find Moran's whereabouts. Also we get to know the baby's name and some serious parenting takes place.
John tried to remember what little he knew about wandlore, something to do with duels? All his magical knowledge seemed so far deep in his memory. As always, his friend finished his unspoken thoughts, handing back the wand to its owner.
“What, are we in a band or something? I’m not singing your back up tunes. I think it was your singing that got you banned from Peru, if I recall correctly. And Christmas was three months ago.”
“Well, if you must. I’m sure he’ll be thrilled to see that you are helping me, once he knows who you are. You are aware that your secret life in London stops right now?”
John looked back at the man fondly; he could see he was still trying to argue his point with Mycroft. He caught Sherlock looking at him as he turned to look at Victor. His eyes could have chilled a blazing fireplace. John started worrying; surely Sherlock wasn’t mad for one kiss? He had been bloody incisive in the car. John just wanted to send the message across his thick skull for once. Sherlock spoke then, addressing Harry.
“Yes. I always wondered why you didn’t pressure me for more information that day, or the next day, or even the next week. You are usually so insistent. Like when you were trying to find my middle name.”
“She went into the warehouse alone, I know it. She had a vision, so I went ahead and grabbed the handle. I guess I don’t have to tell you where I wound up.”
"Exactly. But this is the first time I've seen them together in years, years, Sherlock. If they are going to give it a try, who am I to mess with it? And if that means moving them from the line of fire of my beloved partner, so be it, even if it means that said partner is going to make me sleep on the floor."
"Obviously. I even managed to make a friend. My only magical friend in Britain, by the way, we lost touch after I transferred, but I heard she made quite a name for herself. She was part of Dumbledore's Army, and is now one of Harry Potter's closest friends."
“I’m sure he would love to meet the Head Healer of St. Mungo’s. I was thinking, that, since you know how capable my brother is, you could discharge me into his hands. The hospital is top magical care, as we all know, but I’d be more comfortable in my bed.”
He removed his robes; he was wearing dark trousers and a white shirt underneath, like the ones Sherlock favoured, with buttons straining. When he started unbuttoning his shirt, John began to get curious. What was he planning? His skin was pale and dusted with lots of freckles, especially on his arms and shoulders, also hundreds of little scars, scars everywhere.
The moment Harry left, John could see the waiter approaching. His was lost in his own thoughts. High Warlock? Him? He retrieved the coin he always carried around now from his pocket, and started turning it around absentmindedly in his hand. For him, Ragnor Fell would always be the High Warlock of London. The waiter said something to him, with a heavy French accent, and John told him to get a bottle of wine, whatever he chose. Harry still wasn’t back when the waiter came back. He finally raised his eyes from the table, to find Sherlock Holmes, with a fake painted mustache, smiling at him.
She was middle-aged, and very beautiful, with dark red hair tied back in a bun. John thought of a younger Minerva McGonagall while gathering the look of fear on her face, blue eyes wide open. Tears were falling from Gabrielle's cheeks as she bent down and closed her eyelids, placing a kiss on her forehead as she did it. Sherlock gave one look at the corpse, before pulling his head up and gathering his surroundings.
"And you are just telling me now? After all this time? You are a real hypocrite John Watson. You, mad about me keeping secrets from you when you were withholding
"I heard that, and you know it's yourself you have to thank for that. Victor invented this spell to aid him when he transforms. It's of no use to be able to transform fast and having to keep the same clothes altogether. Such a brilliant man,
The song ended, and Sherlock and Victoria made their way to where John and Oliver were standing. Victoria was frowning, and Sherlock seemed bored.
“You can trust me with your back, you know. A friend of Miff is always a friend of mine, and now you are family.”
They sat on a table, and the new owner, a man John only knew by name, Zacharias Smith, approached them.
Victor looked drained, pale as a paper, eyes started to look a little sunken. John transfigured a rock into a glass and made the water charm, raising the glass to Victor’s lips.
The lights flickered again at the sound of John’s voice. Watson, get a grip, he thought. Everyone was still waiting for him.
“Well, yes, anything that affects Sherlock involves me. And I like your wife. If anything happens to you now, it will reflect badly on my healing abilities. Won’t want you dying on me, it would ruin my reputation.”
The aurors were already up the stairs when the restarted, children running up the stairs after them, memories of little ones long gone. A couple caressing in the hallway, the same woman and man in the kitchen, the man wearing an army uniform. They walked into the room, and memories started to overlap, things getting again intense for John. He closed his eyes and leaned against a wall, and Sherlock grabbed his hand, steadying him, and started talking.
The Lovelaces, Jessamine and George, are both Guardians of the London Institute. Jessamine perished in Victorian times, during the affair of the Infernal Devices and George didn't survive the Ascension process as he finished Shadowhunter Academy. In his honor, Simon Lewis adopts the last name Lovelace when he ascends as a Shadowhunter.
"Yes, yes, I was sure you would see the similarities in the situations. I forgave you, because in my heart I wanted Oliver to forgive me that day, or someday. And I guess, even though you never fully explained until now, I knew you had your reasons, twisted and stupid as they might have been. I knew my own were idiotic when I wanted to leave my family out of my problem. I wanted them to be safe, as you wanted your extended family to be safe too. Merlin knows I failed my birth parents miserably; I couldn't even protect them by staying as far from them as I could. They died in the most horrible way possible for them, they feared magic and were killed by it. I overheard my father one day on my fourth-year summer break that I would be the death of them. I left that very day to Oliver's, feeling betrayed and furious. Who knew I would prove him right one day."
"I hope you don't mind me ordering for you. I thought this conversation required something stronger than pumpkin juice."
Sherlock looked at him impatiently; apparently, he was more confident in his abilities than John himself.
John just nodded, wondering how in hell they would manage to make 221B suitable for a baby. Well, to each day it's own. He was wondering how he could give Sherlock a head start on the ‘happy family’ charade his brother was orchestrating.
“Well, most Shadowhunters are uptight and rigid. Yes, the toddler in question is mine, and Alec’s. Want to see a pic?”
His brother had been crying. He wasn’t a man that cried, even less than John, and that was saying something.
“Little for him, I can assure you I’m older than I look. And not little in size, and that, young man, is a family trait.”
“Inspector, clearly you can see this is not just blood that you are looking at. There are two bodies right there, you know.”
"Ahhh, no. I was going to tell her if the baby showed any sign of magic at all. I'm muggle-born, and she is a muggle, so I hoped it never came to that."
Sherlock was watching them, waiting for either of them to pay attention to him. The man touched his robes again and morphed into all the tallness and heterochromia that was Victor Trevor. John noticed his cheekbones, not as pronounced as Sherlock’s, but beautiful indeed, and so inherently
“Ah, but you are a Time Lord, Ianto, even if you were 33% alien when you were born, now you are 100% Time Lord, don’t be an idiot.”
Sherlock kept looking at John as he said this, a little doubt trickling over his careful mask. John just smiled at him, drinking his coffee.
"Well, yes. I believe I lost my mum for the first time that day. The Professor was stern but incredibly warm from that moment on. We bought supplies, she even helped exchange my muggle money and covered the rest of the tabs for me when it ran out. She bought me my first pet that day, a beautiful barn owl that I named Artemis, and she smiled and told me that her first name was Minerva. I loved mythology, and I always found the name quite fitting for such a wise Dame. She told me she would keep the owl waiting for me at Hogwarts; I guess she didn't want to scare the rest of the living breath out of my mother by letting me take the owl home with me. She took me to buy my wand and waited patiently while Mr Ollivander sorted through different wands until mine chose me. Chose me. A magical item decided I was the best match for it. That was the moment I started believing I was exactly what they told me I was."
Sherlock ignored Victor’s comment and walked into the flames first, his deep baritone voice enunciating.
She was beaming and holding her hand to her belly while she kept her other arm around John's elbow. This woman was all '
He didn’t realise how tired he was until he reached the manor, Sherlock with a hand on the small of his back and Victoria’s voice as she talked to Sherry seemed so far away.
He winked at Harry, as he finally rose to his feet while drinking his fifth blood replenishing vial. John decided that water was in order too, and pushed the glass again into his arm. One nasty cut in his arm refused to heal, no matter what they did to it, as well as one near his ankle that they’d missed because of his jeans. The doctor looked at them and transfigured two nearby rocks into bandages, proceeding to wrap them around the cuts. They couldn’t afford to lose more time.
, I was leaving. Hermione, I'll see you at The Burrow on Sunday. My best to Ron and the kids. Myc, love to Lissa, I'll expect you lot for dinner tomorrow. You and John are welcome to join us, Sherly. Audrey would love to see you, John. The girls are both at school, but I'm sure we'll see each other more now."
“They did. They chose to stay away for a second year. In fact, they wanted to join the London Enclave. I had them here at the Institute while they were looking for a suitable residence.”
“The nurse was informing me if her evolution continues to be the same we might be taking our daughter home next week. They are doing observation now; she is definitely yours John, a true warrior.”
“Are we leaving soon?” Victor was back to being Victor, impeccably dressed in muggle clothes, green trousers and a black shirt.
“Come on, Arthur, we can see the entrance to the Seelie court from Regent's Park. Don’t you want to come too?”
Sherlock looked at him with a sort of longing. He nodded at Mycroft, so the elder Holmes pulled his wand out of the umbrella handle.
Sherlock looked at John. The man clearly thought he wasn’t lying, he could tell the signs, he was basically a human lie detector. So, instead, now the two of them were delusional.
"Sherlock Holmes. I don't want Victor Trevor involved for a second in this case. And that is my final word on that. If you insist on it, I'll rather hand the whole thing to Harry, even if it means I'll be sleeping on the sofa for the next week or so."
"I can't believe you are having such frivolous thoughts at the moment. After all this time, you are still looking for any excuse to indulge, always with the worst timing."
"The other candidate is Hermione Granger-Weasley, war hero, muggleborn, close friend of the hero of the century, but still, unfortunately, not the favourite in the run."
John looked again back at Sherlock, who nodded barely. Then he jumped from the sofa and locked himself in his room, surely changing into one of his suits. John was already dressed, but he guessed it wouldn’t hurt to change into a less worn jumper. And bring his gun.
She ran to the door and evaded Molly, jumping straight into Mycroft’s arms, who had them already extended as he lifted the little girl from the ground. Molly was now glaring at him, a murderous looked that rivaled the looks of surprise from the rest of the viewers, who clearly expected nothing like this.
“This is all my fault. I remembered the last time we were here you greeted us both as old friends. I should have known a first meeting happened sometime! I just hoped it wasn’t this time, the Doctor isn’t even with me! Jack and Rory even went to your wedding!”
"There wasn't much of use. Mycroft, we are going to need access to Madame Delgove's archive. I think she was a target for one or more items in her collection. We need to know what Moran took."
He woke up in his bedroom in 221B, bowtie loosened up. The sheets on the bed were different, and they smelled like John. He turned on the pillow, his pillow, catching the scent of John Watson in his bed, committing it to memory, to that special place in his mind palace reserved for all things John. Where was John? Surely he was the one who brought him back home. He heard voices coming from the sitting room.
The contempt in that little word could destroy bridges. Sherlock noticed and raised an eyebrow in Clara's direction.
Victor was starting to look a little drained. Even if he was immune, he had sustained multiple bites from a deadly plant less than an hour before. John himself wasn’t duelling at his best, and Sherlock was exhausted. Moran seemed full of energy and hatred, and Sherlock had to keep protecting himself and Alissa because the latter was unconscious.
"That's Victor mother. Her only sister. And the niece, that's Victor. Metamorphmagus, if you didn't know already."
“Even in the Shadow World, you would have to be something else, something special. John Watson, you always surprise me. So, pray, tell me, what kind of warlock are you?”
“Abbott and Rosier only saw us disappear, and Alissa slipped inside the warehouse without them noticing. They went in, but found nothing but a table, a chair, and some empty boxes.”
“Warlocks do love their fancy names. I’m John, formerly known as Johannes. It is my real name, has been for centuries.”
s logo on. Victor took one look at them and changed his outfit to jeans and a black T-shirt with sequins that spelt ‘I don’t bite’, with a blood red leather jacket. He took one look at John, seemed to find his choice of wardrobe acceptable, and raised his eyebrow at Sherlock.
. Sherlock was stiff for a couple of seconds before relaxing into John’s grip, placing his arms above John’s shoulders, while the doctor had them around his back. He didn’t want to let go.
Victor jumped out of cover and John ran instinctively after him. Moran and Victor started duelling, hatred coming from both men’s eyes. Moran threw only killing curses at them, and they could barely deflect them all. As they were duelling, Sherlock crept towards Alissa.
The grim face turned into anger, and his hand went to his wand as in a reflex. Harry grabbed the paper and gave it back to Sherlock.
They walked silently for a couple of blocks before they managed to find a cab back home. This ride was uncomfortably silent, and Sherlock could barely remember their cab ride to the scene, with all the flirting and that kiss that never happened. John was brooding, his mind clearly somewhere else. John’s phone beeped, and Sherlock was staring at him as he looked at the screen and grabbed the bridge of his nose in annoyance.
They couldn’t arrive back to Baker Street soon enough. It started raining, and Sherlock couldn’t help but wonder what was so special about those two bodies that made his brother appear in person and take control of the crime scene. He couldn’t even remember the second body well.
“I do, you know I can be of use to you in this. That way you won’t have to do the legwork yourself, dear brother. I guess you could ask your precious Shadowhunters to do the sleuthing. But they won’t be as good a me.”
“I assure you I trust my brother completely; he is a very resourceful man. You know he is also trained as a muggle doctor? I’m sure he can handle any possible complications, with the right potions. My younger brother is a Potions Master; I’m sure they can manage the rest at the manor house. You surely know we have a new addition to the family now, and I’d hate to be here in case she is discharged home earlier. They are staying with us until they have the proper modifications done to their flat in London.”
“Sorry, proper introductions must be made. This is Luke Garroway, formerly known as Lucian Greymark.”
Three wizards in Auror robes appeared, wands out and assessing the situation. They saw Alissa, and the dead body, and assumed soldier like positions, awaiting orders.
Mycroft proceeded to respond with sarcasm, as always. Anthea handed Sherlock a folder, with pictures of John. John was wearing a hideous mustache. He touched the picture, a look of almost longing on his face.
"Yes, now you can see he is the same in both worlds. I guess he has my name in some magical red alert notification. We should have used a fake name for me. Well, we were going to see him anyway, but I would have preferred not to give him the advantage of preparing any strategy. Now he probably won't answer any questions, not that he would have answered them if we caught him by surprise."
The Sergeant started visiting him along with his brother sometimes. He pulls some cold cases for Sherlock to read, as his brother told him crime had always interested him. A little unorthodox, but most of them were really old cases anyway. Sherlock had solved the lot before the evening passed. He kept bringing cases along, no doubt covered by Mycroft, who know held a minor position in the British government. And the British Secret Service. Sherlock’s brilliant mind found an escape valve in the cases, cases that helped him ignore the things he still saw. Because they only stopped when he used.
Greg growled at Mycroft and stood, while Sally and Molly growled from their seats. Mycroft stood up and removed some invisible lint from his suit jacket.
“All the strongest wolves of the werewolf pack live in this building. Greg’s flat is on the fifth floor.”
John opened his mouth at this, and Victor placed a hand in front of him, shutting him up dramatically.
“Potter has been kind enough to trust me with his image. I invented a charm a long time ago, the one I use with my left arm, to aid my metamorphmagus ability and going just a bit forward with transfiguration. I’m a perfect copy, down to the contents of his trousers.”
They all stood up, and each placed a finger on the spoon, Sherlock still holding John, who looked paler every second, and almost like he was going to be sick. The spoon started glowing, and John felt like a hook was grasping him under his navel. God, he hated portkeys.
“I’ve never been very good at identifying wand woods, what is it made of? The core is dragon heartstring, I can feel it.”
“Trust us. It is moving. My mum tinkered a little with the stability sensors and now a ride doesn’t feel as bumpy as it used to. Grandfather hates it.”
“What’s the next thing?” John asked Victor, who was leaning against his wall, his wand pointed at it.
He gave Sherlock the address, talking about some wine or other, and Sherlock prepared himself to see his John again.
“Anything but that. Too dangerous. The Cold Peace is bringing trouble, John. The east wind is coming soon.”
“Sherlock and me were called to a mundane crime scene today. It turned out to be the final resting place of said Shadowhunter and fairy knight.”
“Well, we screwed up apparently. The TARDIS did. Our Sherlock knows the Doctor, he is a friend, and he could clearly find the Doctor if he was trying to hide from us.”
Victoria and Oliver get to know each other, dancing and a sentimental toast from Mycroft. John gets to show the moves Sherlock taught him, well, at least he doesn't step on Sherlock's toes.
"Yes, Mummy made me send you flowers during the intermission. I even tried to get Sherlock to switch places with me so that he could see your performance in the closing number."
And Sherlock nodded her way. She disapparated with Mary, bowing once to Alissa on her way out. Creevey did the same just seconds after.
Valentine’s parabatai, a bond more complex than brotherhood shared by Shadowhunters, and former Lieutenant of the Circle.
Clearly this was Sherlock’s Christmas present, not John’s. He had to keep himself from jumping at the warlock and attacking him. John looked irritated, to say the least, as he glanced at his new outfit.
“Nonsense. And I can make it reappear once you get rid of it, so you have more than one shot at practising. It’s not the easiest spell, and let’s face it, you are wonderful, but you are still a little rusty and deserve the practice before you go and ruin more of Miff’s ivory skin.”
. His little brother would be proud of him. Sherlock didn’t know he was extremely hard to kill, and incredibly easy to anger. He was going to find Moriarty and tear him apart limb by limb, quite literally.
“As much as it pains me to interrupt this flow of inane chatter, I think it would be wise if we started investigating the matter at hand. Or have you all forgotten the reason you abducted us from our sitting room?”
He opened his coat and extracted three vials of blood-red potion that he started pouring unceremoniously into Victor’s open mouth.
He had stopped blogging after Sherlock left. He got ready for dinner with Harry, wearing his fancy clothes, the only ones he still owned. He reached the restaurant early, and he stood up when he saw his sister, wearing a beautiful blue dress that brought up the blue in his eyes.
"You see how pointless all that was now don't you? They would have sent you to Azkaban for breaching the International Statute of Secrecy for telling a muggle who you didn't intend to marry. They don't have best friend clauses for breaching that particular law, John. And I already had magic, even if it was not my own, at my disposal."
“Common Shadowhunter name. Not as common as Jonathan, but still. They use a lot of old Hebrew names, or, depending on the site of the Institute or if the family seat is in Idris or not, culturally relevant names. Gideon, the head of the London Institute, was raised here. He used to be the Instructor, both weapons, history and languages. He is a hell of a fighter, but he prefers to use his mind, rare thing in a Shadowhunter. The thing is, he is not a well-liked member of the Clave.”
“An old… friend of ours, yes, let’s say friend Sherlock. Woolsey was fine in my claws, as I recall. Fine until you decided to leave your VVT and take him from me.”
Mycroft nodded, and left. Sherlock braced himself for all of John’s anger. Instead he got a hug. He winced a little, his wounds were still open. Unfortunately, it was enough for John to catch it.
John’s gaze locked with Sherlock’s. There was something else there, something Sherlock had missed before.
Sherlock could see the police officers inside the space surrounded with the yellow tape. What he could also see clearly were two bodies, almost ten feet apart from each other. Surely the Yard could see that their crime scene was complete? He huffed in annoyance.
"Yes, of course, I will. Tell us what we need to do. We can reconvene with your" John swallowed loudly at the next word, it was hard to even think about, more to say it out loud, "friends later?"
. John went straight to one of the creatures with his bare hands, ripping limbs, avoiding stingers and mouth.
“Not really. But I’m not letting you out of my sight, and if that means being outside of this investigation and the Shadow World, so be it.”
Then she to John was standing right beside Sherlock listening, and she turned to look at him and smiled.
Sherlock was staring at the man in his sitting room, hardly believing what he was seeing. It seemed John’s little brother was a very fit, young, tall, handsome and clearly gay Asian man. He had spiked tangerine hair, and his hands were filled with rings. He was wearing red leather trousers and a black leather vest with no shirt on. Clearly oblivious of London weather. And his eyes. His eyes were orange yellow, with a cat slit, just like Harry’s had been. He was also wearing some kind of eye makeup and glitter. Sherlock stood up and shook his hand, and Magnus was suddenly checking him up. Clearly pleased with what he saw, because he smiled back at Sherlock and then started ranting to John.
“Harkness. Ianto Harkness. God, I can’t believe this is your kid. You went and married an alien then?”
Sherlock looked wide eyed at them and then at John, which made John snort. Nothing had gained a reaction from Sherlock until they had declared him his husband.
“I was just going out on a date right now. We had finally got Isabelle on board for babysitting. Do you know how hard is to get reservations in some places in NYC? Now Alec is stuck with Max, and I’m probably never going to get laid again. I hope Harry has a good reason to summon me here, tonight of all nights.”
“Room filled with acromantulas. I happen to have a history with them. Call me the acromantula whisperer.”
“Actually, yes. I think I can stomach better whatever we have to face later with Moran if I see her. I’m taking a shower.”
“Well, well, dear brother, you have company? I didn’t expect it, otherwise I would have used another mean of transportation. Scratch that. I would’ve appeared in your room instead. Good evening, sir. My name is Magnus Bane.”
And he was on his feet before John had even replied, full of manic energy, almost bouncing where he was standing.
Just then, Mycroft emerged from the room, and Greg glanced his way, rolling his eyes as Mycroft roamed in the kitchen like he owned it, getting some really dirty looks from Sally and Molly, taking two Scotch glasses from the top counter and grabbing a bottle from one of the drawers. He poured one for himself and brought one back to Greg, who took it without any comment.
, you can take over. I’m sure you can find her on the CCTV, and we can pinpoint her exact location in no time.”
The wall didn’t move an inch. Not good enough then? He didn’t think he ever had a great idea, to begin with, and he didn’t want to lose a skill that might help him in the future. So a memory, it had to mean something, but he didn’t want to forfeit a special one, because, let’s face it, most of his best memories were things he had shared with Sherlock Holmes. But it had to be meaningful, because if not the wall wouldn’t let them pass.
Soon Alissa’s Patronus was flying out of the cave, and in a few minutes, the portkey started glistening again. Harry and Alissa touched the beaker as the rest of them motioned close to them, Victor hurling the still bound Gabrielle over his shoulder, getting a surprised look from John.
"Yes, the real one, the complete one as a matter of fact. It was her life goal to find it. She spent years talking about it; I remember when
“He’d never ask me to move in with him. When I helped him fall, we almost killed each other when we were together without Griz. If he had his wand with him at the time, I’d be cursed in some ditch in Poland by now. And he asked you to move back, with your child. William Holmes, living in the same space as a small baby. I thought I would die before seeing that day.”
Moran’s eyes lit with fury at Mycroft’s taunting, and he started directing all his curses at him. John and Victor could barely keep up. Their shields were failing, and Mycroft pounded his umbrella on the floor, causing both men to fall on their backs. Moran directed all his curses at him, and Mycroft deflected him, manoeuvring his umbrella like a sword. The man was an exceptional dueler, much better than John had ever imagined. Still, while he was protecting himself from death, he couldn’t land a curse on Moran, and the man was fast. John crawled next to Mycroft, and he tried to deflect the curses.
But she stayed on her post on the chair, and Sherlock seemed to have tightened his hold on her hand.
"I never knew one of the twins died in the Battle. There were many casualties in that war, and I never read the accounts written after, not that I would have recognised many names. I was at the Academy, and I know Madame Maxime worked as kind of a link to the giants in the war, but the only one I heard something about after was Fleur Delacour."
Two shop attendants separated them, and after being thrown out on the street, it was Sherlock who spoke again.
Alissa started her healing spells on the arms as John removed Victor’s jeans to reveal green boxer briefs with the word Go! in white letters on the front, the exclamation mark just over the outline of Victor’s crotch. John snickered at the unwholesome sight, before concentrating on a nasty wound a little too close to the femoral artery. Both his legs were filled with cuts, and John wondered how the man still remained conscious. Probably his cells were working magic again, transfiguring themselves into more blood as he kept losing it. They managed to close the wounds, just before Victor decided to kneel again.
“That I gracefully declined, if you remember. I didn’t want to go down in history as the one who ridiculed the Unseelie Prince.”
“I wouldn’t count on it, cher. I think mon lapin is correct, and there’s nothing to be done. However, if there’s anything that can be done, Mycroft would know it. We’ll leave him here for him to sort when he comes back to work.”
She moved to kiss both John and Victor on the cheek, Victor offering her both cheeks. When they were alone, John looked at Victor and said,
“No, but maybe our friendly neighbourhood potion master has one of those saved in one the multiple pockets of that coat.”
Mummy looked back at John, trying to glare at him, but John could see her heart wasn’t in it, especially after Sherlock claimed his spot beside him and placed his hand on his back, where it belonged.
"Should we be having this conversation in front of the Head of Magical transportation? Since we all know this is a classified matter of Magical Law enforcement."
John felt there was something familiar about him, he already knew who he was, or at least supposed he was Harry's godson, Teddy Lupin. He saw a little bit of his father and mother in him, and a lot of individuality, which was also good. Seeing him interact with Ginny he noticed some of his mannerisms were hers. So godfather had taken a lot of involvement in his godson's life. That is what they were supposed to do, at least. The man with the ponytail approached Harry again, and John had a vague sense of recognition once more.
He found Victor lying on the ground, bleeding from fresh cuts everywhere, hell, his arms were a sodding mess, and his jeans full of blood stains. John cursed and started healing him all over again. Most of the cuts closed, but the blood loss was enough so that Victor looked even paler than his usual complexion.
“I’ll leave it in Alissa’s office then; I don’t want to risk a curse into oblivion by trying to enter his office without him in it.”
“God, she is only two days old, and we’re already talking about schools. When did this happen to us?”
They walked into the NICU, and Mycroft’s phone rang. He answered in the doorway, and Alissa stayed outside with her husband. He hung up and then went to speak to the rest of the group.
Sherlock sighed then and lowered his wand. He grabbed John’s hand, looking straight into his eyes while saying softly,
“You noticed, kudos to you, Dr. Watson. Gregory Lestrade is, unfortunately, part of the Shadow World.”
“Her known name is the Warrior, much to her father’s dismay. That’s what most people call him, and used to call her. Her mother called her Rory, and she kept her mother’s last name, since her father, being a Time Lord, doesn’t really use any. So, Rory Song. We have two kids, Jackie and Ianto, who use Harkness as a surname. But basically are called the Spear and the Thinker.”
“I already texted Anthea, telling her you are not going in today, and any pressing matter she can bring here personally. You are done for the day, Mycroft Holmes.”
"So help me God, Sherlock, you are going to this party, and you are going to at least pretend to have a good time."
Victor kissed him, a full-blown kiss on the lips, grabbing both his arms to prevent Sherlock from beating him senseless. John didn’t even feel bothered like the last time. If anything, that would shut them both up. He was starting to feel the events of the day, draining him. Still calmed, he walked to the kettle and started heating the water for some tea. The kiss lasted like three seconds before Sherlock managed to free himself from Victor’s grip, after which he was left red and furious, muttering curses and insults directed at Victor. He threw a glance at John, and his calm demeanour only seemed to infuriate him more. John searched through the cabinets, found the only three clean cups left and started to make tea. He then moved some papers and instruments and placed a cup in front of each man. Victor grabbed his and started drinking, setting his back against the wall. Sherlock only glared at the mug, as if he was blaming tea for all that was wrong with the world.
"I would have to say even more interested than before. But you are trying to distract me. What was that with you and your mum?"
At this John threw a pillow at him, and Sherlock just laughed. God, the man was handsome. And annoying. But mostly handsome. They needed to talk. But he guessed catching Moran was the order of the day.
Mycroft smirked at his friend, speaking for the first time since the unusual trio arrived at his office.
He took a job at a new surgery, flirted with the staff. He decided to grow a mustache, because his recent use of magic had left him looking a couple of years younger. He hoped his new addition aged him as much as Mrs. Hudson kept telling him it did. He still missed Sherlock every day, more than he missed Ragnor, and he wondered what that told about him.
“Straight to the point, as always. It’s a delight to be working with you both again, even if you don’t remember us.”
“Clearly you have stated that there was a point in time were we could reach her and she wouldn’t be in danger or trouble.”
"I kept this from you because I left that world a long time ago, almost twenty years ago in fact. I've been living as a muggle, working as one, behaving like one, living by your law and rules. I come from a non-magical family Mary, so it wasn't a hard choice to make. Twenty years ago the magical world was in turmoil. Things were not safe as they are now, well safe except for Moran. I was going to tell you if our daughter showed any signs of magic, I was not planning on rejoining the magical world."
Sherlock could see the intricate tattoos they had on their arms. Clearly they were still very young, probably around Mycroft’s age or maybe even younger. But they had tattoos on them like they had a life of service in an army of some sorts.
The spell bounced from the shield charm, and John took out his wand quickly. A bald man, with dark skin and grey eyes, was staring at them, and the trio started duelling without much preamble. John could see all the curses his opponent was sending them were killing curses.
Sherlock's eyes widened in comprehension, and he placed the book in the hole and closed the cover from it safeguard. He tried to open it again, and when it didn't, he looked satisfied.
He practically hauled the detective to the sofa, and removed his suit jacket. He probably didn’t remove it before when he passed out because Mycroft came by.
Rory stood close to John, throwing an arm around Jack. He was taller by a barely an inch, and John thought they looked really great together.
Sherlock lifted one eyebrow, but John managed to keep his focus on his breakfast, ignoring the unspoken question.
“Inspector, I'd rather be anywhere but here. I have to tell you to pull your team back. You can talk with Detective Chief Inspector Lestrade, he is taking care of this one.”
"That colour suits you John, it brings out the colour of your eyes. A better fashion statement than those hideous jumpers you usually wear and better than growing a moustache."
"Thank you, Percy, yes, this is just for now. Auntie is not home, you know, she is visiting her sister, and I didn't want to blow up her door."
"Stop it. I will let you loan my partner, for a while, mind you, just because you seem to have a bee in your bonnet."
“You kissed Victor. That hardly counts. Even plants and inanimate objects are attracted to Victor. Your very straight friend almost proposed this morning.”
"New Orleans was too hot Mycroft. We needed to amuse ourselves. You know I was depressed my best friend was marrying the biggest git in the world. I needed a good laugh."
“I get why you like him. He is amazing. And you thought that before you knew he was like us. I get it, I see it, and it’s ok.”
"God, I hope so. I've never seen any hints of magic. You, on the other hand, I don't know how I missed it, you were always kind of magical."
“Ok, you need to keep healing me, and as soon as I open the door, do something foolish. Place a summoning charm on Griz.”
“Yes. When Miff was 19, Griz moved in with him. He started to turn a new leaf; he even got clean for a while. Griz pleaded with Mac, and he finally let her become his handler. That means, the compulsion spell Mac placed on him, he passed it on to her. That way he could have his wand back, and she would remove it from him if he crossed the line, that is if he used again. Then someone mentioned that damned twin and shit hit the fan, allegorically speaking. That blasted someone was me. So I ruined everything.”
Mycroft spoke to John in a calm, reassuring voice, and John was thankful to have so many people worrying about the welfare of his child and wife, more than he ever expected considering the circumstances. His family circle was so limited, seeing all of them with worried faces and Mycroft with all his calm knowledge and demeanour, leaning a little on his umbrella as he spoke, was almost too much for him. Victoria moved and grabbed his hand, and John let her. Sherlock was pacing the hallway, irradiating anxiety, making small motions with his fingers, mimicking a cigarette.
“Metamorphmagus, remember? I can make them all go away in a second. But, yes, it takes concentrating, not many people know I have these or the reason for them.”
Sherlock continued to throw daggers his way. Victor placed himself in front of the two doors he checked and grabbed the handles. The rest of them caught a handle each and waited for Sherlock.
, no one is placing the blame on you. You managed to take down the man alone when you were supposed to have back up. We got a little sidetracked, and now we are reaping the consequences."
Victor looked drained, and John stepped and started healing him before he uttered another word, the cuts closing just to reopen again and again. Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and loaned his magic to John, and that managed to close the wounds long enough so that Victor could concentrate in something other than the pain, and the rock continued to morph into a dark tunnel. Victor stepped into the darkness, and the foundation closed viciously behind him, leaving everyone else outside.
“I was speaking with members of both the Seelie and Unseelie court. It seems a vampire placed himself as a witness of the struggle. He said the boy attacked the fairy unprovoked and well inside the realm of Fairie. These two here said the scene proves otherwise. I wonder if you would let them have a look, both at the bodies and the actual scene.”
“Had to, darling, I do trust you, but this man has already enchanted enough door handles for me to care about what you think.”
“Nah, I know you excel in Transfiguration, and you are not a sloth in Charms either, but I have a hunch…”
“Really? We haven’t even recovered the bodies yet. And I’m also with Homicide, why would my superior take this case from me? Have I done something wrong?”
“I’m three quarters Time Lord, and after I trained I suppose I could be counted as a full one. When Time Lords pass away, we are granted a certain number of chances, we can continue on, but on a different body. This is my second regeneration, my second body. My first body was female, and I met Jack with that body.”
“Yes, Sherlock, I wanted you to hear that as well. John isn’t going to be patient with you all his life, you know. And there’s the baby now. You should start acting like an adult.”
They walked to a safe spot for apparition, and Victor pulled out his wand. He then touched John’s grey jacket with it, transforming it into a set of brand new wizarding robes, wine coloured with gold trim, that seemed tailored especially for John.
“The surrogate? Yes, we already received the paperwork from Mr Holmes. You didn’t allow visitation rights, and rest assured only you with approved visitors can come near your daughter. Also, the milk bank from the hospital is providing your daughter with breast milk instead of formula, as requested. Do you want to add something?”
He started going around the wall, looking at the words, probing the stones with his wand, muttering incantations. He took three different potions from his coat and touched the wall with them at three different places. The wall glowed, the words rearranged themselves, showing another language, one that Sherlock understood because soon he was frowning.
So that was it. As John and Victor were shielding him, his curses couldn’t pass through to Moran. Victor crawled, and reached for Mycroft’s leg, he then went down on his back and started doing the loaning enchantment.
John came out of his adrenaline high to see Mycroft almost collapsing on Greg, leaning on the shorter man for support. His suit jacket was around the DCI’s waist, and his shirt was ripped in multiple places. The doctor in him went into full assessing mode, finding the gash that was greening just on his upper arm, near a deep, ugly scar were Mycroft’s parabatai rune must have been many years ago.
“My brother is something else. You would like him, I think. He is the youngest, my sister and me, well, we raised him from age 7. He is very complicated, but a charmer nonetheless. His name is Magnus.”
He touched his wand to his clothes, and he changed into wizarding robes, a little longer than the coat he was wearing before. Then he morphed into the taller man with mismatched eyes, the real Victor Trevor.
"I thought you would behave a little better, with your brother's current situation and all. At this pace..."
"Rolf. I didn't think healers used the muggle 'Dr' for their titles? That one is news to me, I must say. Surely society is advancing."
“One of the first things Mycroft did after leaving Hogwarts was proposing a remodelling of the inside of the Department of Mysteries, which used to be a security nightmare. He was a junior official, barely out of Hogwarts, but he is one of the most brilliant minds in the Wizarding World, which I will deny saying if any of you repeat it. So basically he transformed it into a maze, a bloody dramatic thing with circles and moving doors which harbours every secret known to wizards in Great Britain.”
“My mother gave me the name Ioannes or Johannes, which currently translates to John. I’ve kept the name, I’ve gone by Johann and John most of my life. I’ve used Ianto also, for a long time.”
The same woman from the picture was standing next to Harry Potter. John sees his hair immediately. He was wearing dark brown wizarding robes, opened at the front, with half of a muggle suit with a waistcoat under it. It looked like Harry was wearing a trench coat more than robes, in fact, the man looked like the Tenth Doctor from Dr Who. His hair was all over the place, and he still had his round-rimmed glasses. The woman was wearing burgundy wizarding robes, her hair concealed under a tignon. They walked side by side, and Harry was about to enter through the fence before he thought better of it and took out his wand.
Hmm, touching each other. So hand holding was not a requisite. John tapped the golden liquid and leaned forward, as he saw Sherlock do the same. The golden liquid started swirling, and John found himself facing a whitewashed cottage, with a tiled ceiling and a little rock fence in the front. Sherlock was standing next to him, and he finally released his hand.
He started walking and left John boiling, with his left-hand twitching, before he caught one more breath, sighed, and followed the taller man.
“How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth? In this case, I have to admit you are probably stating the truth. I have at least a thousand memories in that tower that attest to your veracity. So, please, John start explaining now.”
They waited a couple of minutes, and soon enough the fireplace started glowing green, and Percy's head appeared through it.
"I can see it, the genius kid and the creepy Potions master. Snape scared the living daylights out of me. I barely scraped the required grade for the N.E.W.T. class the year before that, and I believe McGonagall had something to do with that. I was a natural in Transfiguration."
He spent the rest of the morning trying as best he could to appease her, to no avail, and when Gabrielle asked the doctor to join them for lunch, he declined. He felt his wife needed space from him still, and he would try to give her at least that. John said his goodbyes, and as soon as he stepped out of the gate, he called Mycroft on his cell phone. He remembered the man preferred to talk, instead of texting.
He released himself from Sherlock's grip, and placed his now free arm over his back, in a possessive stance.
“The eldest and heir, if his father ever dies or steps down. His brother Kieran, the youngest, was banished to the Hunt.”
“It seems like a manageable affair. I will do the talking and John will stop your mother from murdering us both. Ianto and Bill can drive the TARDIS.”
“Now, Addy, stop it, what’s with the twenty questions? Your Uncle Myc is a very busy man. Go back to your room darling, it’s way past your bedtime.”
“Yes, but I’m only going if you want me there, to be with you. You know I don’t like family gatherings, and I’ve already promised Victor dinner. Two meals with my whole family? A bit not good, John.”
They turned around and found a bushy-haired woman with intelligent eyes and a frown on her face. John recognised her immediately, and by the look on Sherlock's face, he wasn't the only one, only that he seemed the one happy to see her.
A tall man with multiple scars in his arms was talking to a bunch of werewolves, as he stepped back to join them.
He seemed to realise he said a little too much, and John could see a faint blush on his usual pallor. Maybe he wasn't the only one drained by the day. Anthea moved from her spot, and they heard the door and the steps up the stairs. Escorted by two of Mycroft's agents, Greg Lestrade and Molly Hooper arrived, worried looks on both their faces. They greeted the pair and nodded at Anthea, and sat side by side on the sofa.
“Is your vocabulary so limited Johnny boy? So, you can practice on your ugly ass scar and don’t lose its sentimental value or whatever it is you said before.”
They heard a slap, and John was able to see the red-haired Slytherin boy running, holding his face. Standing alone, his friend, no,
“Very well. Alissa is out with Harry, and Anthea is otherwise occupied, as you know. Victor can go with you.”
“I see that both Victor and you always refer to Mycroft when there’s something about the Dark Arts you don’t know.”
"Of course it is me, you silly man. Look how tall you've grown. I always looked for you around and imagined you still looked the same! You see, no one explained to me why you never came back after the Christmas Holidays. I thought you were my imaginary friend for so long! I'm glad you are real though, but why didn't you send an owl? I was worried, even about imaginary you. Oh, here, meet my husband."
“I still have to arrange everything regarding my former wife, but if he wants me, he gets me for the long run.”
Sherlock feigned offence but kept dancing, and soon they moved closer to were Victoria and Oliver were twirling, and Victoria took a moment to grab John.
John smiled at Sherlock then and grabbed the man’s gloved hand in his own. After they left the NICU and signed all the paperwork, birth certificate included, Sherlock texted someone, no doubt asking for the car for them. John could get used to this softer side of the detective.
“Good morning, sunshine. Had to make a run for some coffee. Auntie is feeling a little indisposed; I think we abused her herbal soothers a little last night. I brought coffee and croissants for you boys. Had to get her some more soothers, since we went through her stash last night.”
Oliver seemed to find everything Victoria said hilarious or fascinating, a pattern John had seen before in his multiple conquests. He felt strangely protective of them both, which made him feel torn. Sure, Oliver was a good man, but John had not seen him in ages, he didn't know if his behaviour with partners had deviated patterns from his usual chivalrous self. For all he knew, that man could be a Lotario now. And Victoria. Victoria was flirty, Victor was mischievous, but in the end, they were lonely. He told John that he would give his life for someone to kiss him like John did when he pretended it was Sherlock who he was kissing. He was also a brat and had kinks that one could classify as unsafe. John wasn't sure if introducing them had been a good idea, but since there was no turning time around, with all the time turners in the Ministry destroyed in the last war that is, he guessed he should let it go.
Ah, so the news of Sherlock's recent indiscretion had reached the ears of one of the highest Ministry officials. Not good.
Sherlock rose from his chair, turning on his charm as well. His incredible memory was at play now, surely working everything John told him about the man and making his deductions.
“I want you to take part on my birthday present to Miff. I’ll explain. When I took this case, I intended to become his handler.”
“Sorry mother, Mycroft can fix it later. This” and he showed the exact place he marked “is the exact location of the warehouse. According to the star charts, temperature feel and darkness, he is going to be there today exactly at nine thirty. We need to ambush him there.”
“I’m not much for stating the obvious, but I’m unused to people knowing the things I can see are true. He looks very happy and healthy.”
As they arrived at the hospital, and as John placed Olivia in Victoria’s arms for the first time, he could see the look of wonder on her face, and he could swear her eyes were a little watery. Sherlock was now beaming at them from the window, as a nurse approached him and told him he could join them.
John emptied his glass at the compliment and signalled for a refill, his glass magically filling itself as he tapped it with his wand.
Bloody hell, the man was posh. Having one house-elf in a family is a mark of status. John couldn't imagine what kind of level you needed to have three. He remembered that the first part of the party, before dinner, was taking place in the ballroom of the manor.
"Wait 'til the end of the story, and you'll see why I haven't given up on her yet. Well, the school was great, I was thrilled, those years at Hogwarts, excepting my time with you, were the best years of my life. Oliver and me, we were thick as thieves from day one, Watson and Wood, sorted one after the other, and in the same house no less. We tried out for Quidditch in our second year, and both of us made the house team. We played jokes on Percy; we found secret tunnels out of Hogwarts, we even roamed the Forbidden Forest at night and never were caught with a toe out of the line. I had a nasty fall off my broom on a Gryffindor-Ravenclaw match on my fourth year and decided to leave my place in the team. I think Oliver felt kinda betrayed."
“She’s in London now? She must be coming back soon; Raphael has his panties in a twist these days. And she knows we don’t talk.”
“Rubbish team. They had a decent keeper a couple of years ago, though. He played for England as well, I think. I’ve always rooted for team USA in the cup.”
"Moran's magic. It drains the life around him, and plants and small thing suffer more and die. That means he is not using his real body."
"Hermione, Sherlock didn't know. We just found each other lurking at Diagon Alley. You know I haven't used magic for almost 20 years now. We were going to talk to Mycroft about that now."
“I’m not very fond of vampires either. I have to deal with Raphael a lot, since I’m packmaster in New York.”
“Because you got ever so cross at me for speaking my mind. And for being more handsome and stealing Woolsey from your claws.”
Victor’s tone was almost a plea as if he wanted Harry to say something different as if he expected Alissa to appear suddenly behind them.
“She told me she was feeling better, and that she wanted some privacy to take a shower and get ready to meet her daughter. I told her I was going to be just out the door, and that she just needed to let me know when she was ready. When I thought she was taking too long, I walked in, and she was gone. I sent my Patronus to Alissa the second I realised her disappearance. Maybe we can find her if somebody took her. My protective charms are powerful, but someone could have cracked them. I’m sorry, John, Alissa. I’ve failed you.”
“So you think you are a dark wizard? I’ve looked at darker wizards in the eye and lived. A nothing gets darker than this. There are fates worse than death, as you, a coward who fears it, don’t seem to grasp.”
“Not even Hermione can walk through all the doors. In fact, not even the Unspeakables can. I had a nasty encounter with that room a long time ago. Not my fondest memory.”
He grabbed his bag and started taking the stairs two at a time. He closed the door, then pulled out the box and the supplies he got at Diagon Alley. Opening the small box revealed pictures. Lots of them. Of him and Sherlock, from press clippings and casual shots around the flat, most of them taken by Mrs Hudson. He opened the cap of the potion vial and poured a drop on one of the pictures. The still came alive, Sherlock with a smug look on his face on a press conference, John looking at him with a smile, then a question from one of the reporters, and both of them laughing. He took another picture, this one of him sitting on his chair while Sherlock played the violin and placed the second drop. Sherlock started moving, his bow going up and down, and you could see where John dropped the newspaper he was reading and started listening. He changed all of the pictures into magical portraits, many of them showed them laughing, some of them just depicted random domestic bliss. Because it was bliss, while it lasted. He grabbed an empty diary he bought and started placing the pictures in it, just by touching them with his wand, transforming the journal into a scrapbook. It was almost full soon enough, and he wondered if that was enough time elapsed for those two to stop jumping at each other’s throats. He considered just staying upstairs, but he was not one to hide from conflict. With a sigh at his finished endeavour, he closed the book and placed it back in his travel bag, heading downstairs. He stopped midway as he heard their voices.
“And who are you to talk? Do not pretend you’ve not been hiding with this one in your flat, trying and failing to be a mundane. Don’t try to make me think you care about what happens in the Downworld at all, John Watson, it doesn’t suit you. I have my priorities sorted, I will take care of my pack, my family, I’m not poking a stick into this shithole.”
“So, we are expecting company then, probably people I know. How many Shadowhunters do you expect tomorrow?”
“Oh, can it, darling. Irene is going to murder me if this case goes on for too long. I was in the middle of a shoot in Arizona when Mac called. I see you are back wearing those disgraceful jumpers.”
John did recognise the woman. He was sure this woman was a Bond Girl a few years back. What was she doing in the office of the Head of the Department of Mysteries, Merlin only knew. But he was sure he had heard Mycroft using that name before.
"Oh yes they do, John. Only that we have magical ways to gather evidence. Alissa is a gifted Seer; I should have told you that she can see, not only the future, but some of the recent past as well, and the layers of the spirit realm."
“I’m 1800 years old, give or take. I don’t really count them anymore. Harry doesn’t remember either, she only reminds me she is the younger sister every couple of hundred years when she needs a favor from me.”
“He is going to need plenty of blood replenishing potions; he has more than ten untreated Venomous Tentacula bites. He is partially immune to the poison, so he would be better on the first floor, treat it more as a creature induced injury, his problem is the blood loss, it's hurting him more than the poison. Trust me on that one.”
Victor smirked, and he touched his robes once more. They changed into a muggle lab coat, cyan, and he was now wearing a bow tie.
"Film, if you must know. And you are one to talk! Vanity, thy name is William Sherlock Scott Holmes, the cleverest cat of them all!"
"Well, I needed to pull some strings for that! The woman who played Fantine started vomiting and fainting suddenly, poor thing, and I convinced the director that Victoria Vertro was a better choice than her understudy to play the role. Mac's face when he saw me on stage, priceless."
They left the pub through the back and found a deserted alley near Charing Cross Road perfect for apparition. John had apparated to the door of the pub, and that was his first time apparating in a very long time, side along apparition even longer. But he was confident his skills could bring both Sherlock and him near the entrance to the Ministry without splinching. Sherlock locked his arm around John's elbow and smirked, and John felt himself relax and remembered the "3 Ds" chuckling a little to himself. The smirk changed into a confused look, and before they knew it, they were at the safe apparating point near the Ministry. The employee's entrance that masqueraded as public toilets were to their left, just a street away, however, they had to walk one more street to the old telephone box that hid the visitor's entrance. Nobody looked twice at them, even though they were two very well known London men in wizarding robes at noon in the middle of their city.
Sherlock was waiting for the analysis from John. For the indication that he was mentally ill, that he was hallucinating and he needed to take medication. He knew this moment would come someday. It was the reason he never let anyone get close to him. But he knew he was in love with John Watson, and this was going to hurt. Because he could bear his mother and Mycroft thinking he was insane, but
“As much as I like Simon, he was a vampire, John, like any other vampire, he craved blood and he once attacked and killed a pre-teen girl. You surely remember that. And Raphael…”
“Oh, he did, but he sucks at transfiguring stuff, not that I would tell that to his face. I hope Harry noticed. Or at least that they make Harry do it. Ok, here goes nothing.”
John was starting to be annoyed now. What was the problem with Sherlock? Didn’t he understand John at all?
"Ahhh, yes, I was a beater on my house team, but you never got to see me play right? I don't know if you ever came to a Quidditch match those months at Hogwarts, but the Weasley twins were already on the House team the year you started. Those two were better than me, Oliver used to say they were like a couple of bludgers themselves just to spite me."
“You see, darling boy, the Shadowhunters really frown upon relationships among people of the same sex, relationships with mundanes or Downworlders and basically any relationship that won’t add a healthy Shadowhunter baby to the mix.”
They were now in a fancy control room; the thing was enormous!! He really didn’t know how they did it, but surely this thing had to be much bigger on the inside.
“Good, we are in the right place. John? Sherlock? It’s me, Billie. We need your help. The Doctor is missing!”
Mary’s eyes widened as Gabrielle rose from her chair and left, tracing her every movement until she was out of the room. John started a short version of the work they did the day before, leaving the details of the actual case out. Then he asked Mary about the cottage, and about Gabrielle and Dennis. He wanted her to be comfortable, well, as much as she could be away from her home and in hiding. Mary’s answers were short and to the point. She then told him she wanted to join Gabrielle in the sitting room, basically cutting any private conversation with John on the root. She seemed to visibly relax when she was sitting with the blond witch as if she felt safer with her than with John. Possibly the veela charm, and still some resentment at her husband.
She looked at the rest of them through the small space available, but the angle didn’t let her see the whole group.
John hand went to his knee, and Sherlock found himself staring at the hand and back at John all of a sudden.
“John, Holmes, pleased to see you both. Dennis and Prewett made contact this morning. Apparently, they are hiding in a British Base in Afghanistan. My brother-in-law is preparing a portkey for them as we speak, so they can fully tell us their ordeal.”
John laughed. It seemed more relaxed, much more than Sherlock’s usual deductions. The language was nothing that John had ever seen before, but Sherlock seemed to understand, his features turning grim with every line he revealed.
"Yes. Draco is married to my cousin Astoria. Far too good for him, if I must say so. But unfortunately, her family on her mother's side has an old curse, and it manifested in her. I... I don't think she will live much longer. Her sister Daphne is a horrible person. She used to pull my hair when we were little. She hates Mycroft because he inherited the state even though their father was the one who carried the last name. But Mummy was older, and her father loved her dearly, so he didn't do traditional succession, and Grand-mère respected his wishes. He got the French Manor, but Daphne is still bitter, even though Astoria let her have all the inheritance. Merlin knows the Malfoy's have enough money."
She grabbed her daughter in law and locked her arm in hers, fussing about her well-being. The whole party walked into the dining room, where brunch was waiting for them.
"I don't think Victoria is quite ready for that. She said something about testing the waters first."
John gave Sherlock a handshake, aching to link his fingers in the detective’s hand. Then he grabbed Mycroft’s offered hand, as the man began to mutter a difficult spell. The doctor could see silver cords going from Mycroft’s hand into John’s, and into Sherlock. John thought how much Mycroft must trust Victor’s judgement because this was something he wouldn’t bestow on just anybody. John could feel the spell binding him to Sherlock, and it felt like an anchor. As Mycroft finished the spell, he released John, who continued to hold Sherlock’s hand in his. The man then opened the void where he kept Sherlock’s wand and handed it to John.
Harry smirked, but his face was grave again in a second, as he looked back at the state of his team members.
They emerged into a busy Parisian street in the middle of the day, packed with shops. John watched as the beautiful blonde from the flat, which he now knew was Gabrielle Delacour, made her way amongst the unsuspecting crowd. They followed her in silence, John staying away from the people, as he felt uncomfortable when they walked through him like ghosts. John reminded himself once again that this was only a memory. He felt Sherlock watching him, as he continued to pursue Gabrielle through the streets. She stopped in front of a classic looking apartment building. Gabrielle tapped her wand twice in between two walls, and a door emerged. She knocked the door twice and waited. No answer. She placed the tip on the lock. Nothing happened. She muttered spells, and finally one managed to open it. Sherlock and John followed her into a richly decorated hallway, completely dark. Gabrielle lit her wand and walked the house as she knew the place. The end of the corridor took them into the living room, also dark, with beautiful classic furniture, probably all of them priceless antiques.
