I recoiled. “What are you doing?” I didn’t want him to irritate his wound and he was bent over folding a shirt of mine.
Regardless, I would not have known to explain our situation to her anyhow. It was getting ridiculous. Two grown men, one married with children, quarreling over the ownership of a dog like two street urchins over water-logged pair of shoes.
“So, it appears we have a predicament. There is a dog you both profess ownership to. Now, I, for one, have little knowledge of the realm of the canine and so cannot speak to the value inherent in this hound, but he has a pleasant temper which should be enough. Yet, despite the level want for this dog, I have decided there is only one correct path we can take. Watson, please, my dear, hold your peace.
“Perhaps a moment of thought would be prudent in this circumstance,” said Holmes against my struggling.
I let him be and even indulged in his neatness myself. It was quieting work despite the pain it inflicted on the knees, being beside Holmes, resigned to one task at a time.
“I’m sorry, ma’am,” I said. My hand was curled around Gladstone’s collar, ready to drag him to freedom as soon as I was able.
“Gladstone,” I whispered and he perked up in an instant. “Gladstone, I am going to need you to move aside. Can you do that for me, old chum?”
During his explanation, Holmes and I passed the whisky back and forth while Honeycomb glowered on, on the verge of interruption at the end of every sentence. I was in high spirits though, mostly from the drink, no matter the claim it was cheap.
“You gotta be gettin’ on sir,” he said in a Cockney accent I was just barely able to decipher. Despite the endearing nature of his round face, I had no desire to face the fog-filled streets, stumble around corners to greet my landlord’s self-satisfied leer. I had to collect Gladstone tomorrow and, though it grieved me to spend a night without him, one of my landlord’s few virtues was his love of all things canine and would not toss out a well-behaved dog.
“On arriving at your fine building, Mr Honeycomb, I was greeted by a fine snow of linens across the cobblestones. Judging by the wide disbursement of the clothing and a vocal identification by our Mr Watson, who thenceforth looked up at the top of the tenement that stood before us, in addition to the positioning of dust on the clothes as well as the broken lock on his luggage trunk, I was able to deduce the lot if it was thrown from the window of Mr Watson’s suite rather than the trunk being placed outside and rummaged through by an unlucky passerby.
I attempted to climb over the barrier to aid the poor man, but I was wrenched back by my collar and watched helplessly as a rasp told me I’d get myself killed if I didn’t stay sharp.
“Don’t bother. I can’t deal with a row. Not tonight. Look, I’ll pay him next month if he hasn’t shopped out my room by then.” Silently pleading with a grave look in my eyes, I dropped his arm and he stepped back. With a resigned sign, most of the anger gone out of me, I went back to gathering up my wardrobe. Holmes joined me on the ground.
Quite a bit of anxiety swam through me as the smaller man held his own admirably against the man I backed though it was a joy to watch him fight. Like a dancer or a jungle cat playing with a meal, he dodged and delivered attacks with calculated ease, wedding his fist to the other man’s eye in a way that half-blinded the poor creature, making his offense lumberous and inelegant. I had forgotten to get a fresh drink I was so enthralled. Even the groans of the spectators could not bother me, though I should have been in chorus with them, seeing as I was supporting the losing pugilist.
“An excellent case you make there.” Holmes turned to my landlord. “Surely you can understand that. Now, Mr Honeycomb, I know I have been rather verbose this evening - probably morning, as I told Watson, but no matter - but I urge you to listen to my last string of words to find a particularly polished bead. I suggest you let us set off in the company of Gladstone, climb into bed with your wife, and in the morning, recommend a new tenement for Miss Poseybloom; somewhere with reasonable rent; dancers aren’t known for their wealth.”
I retired to what remained of my whisky, intending to get ridiculously drunk with the little cash that would have gone towards my winnings to pay my landlord. If I was to spend the night on the street, there was no reason for me to remember it.
“Wait.” Holmes, still struggling through his shirt, stumbled after me, gripped the collar of my coat. I shrugged him away.
He supplied a smile, my trouser leg dangling centimetres from sweeping against the gravel. “Folding your clothes? You don’t want them to come out wrinkled once you unpack again.”
“I won’t sir.” The boy’s eyes were wide and his grin might have split his cheeks. He tipped his hat at the both of us and scurried out of the room. Holmes wore the same sort of grin and went to turn back to nursing his black eye, and I would have been very rough to recapture his attention if he had not winced sharply, his hand flying to his side.
Fosberry popped his head past the doorframe. “Upstairs is a bed and a basin,” the fellow conveyed brightly.
I spun to find Holmes offering up a sheaf of pounds, an arm wrapped around his middle. At first, I was quite perturbed: I
“You suppose correctly. Shall we?” I said, gesturing towards the rickety stairwell. We ascended the staircase, I behind him on the chance he might stumble and require support.
The smaller man took only the briefest of pauses before charging at his opponent, bypassing him entirely with a spin to land a kick on the back of his knee. The larger man collapsed flat on his ample stomach, but managed to thrust himself from the dusty ground and, faster than I would have given him credit for, twisted and sliced the smaller man across the stomach. Rubies trailed in seedlings down his stomach and my breath caught in my throat.
“When Watson led me upstairs, I remained outside of your flat while he entered. While on my own I felt on top of the door jamb and found a key which, upon experimentation, I found fit into your lock. Again, dust is a key assistant, for the amount of dust on your door jamb is next to nil, so unless you, Mr Honeycomb, are an avid housekeeper, or your wife is, which, judging by the state of your flat, isn’t something either of you two are used to, the explanation for the absence of dust is if someone is fumbling along the top of your door jamb for the key.
The trunk, my trunk I should confirm before I continue, was split open on the street and pools of clothes, my clothes, were scattered about the grit of the cobblestones. Shirts, trousers, suit jackets out of sorts like severed body parts in a gruesome murder scene.
“Now, having an extra key on hand is certainly no crime, but it is strange why it would remain without for anyone to take while young children sleep within. The key must then belong to someone who is confident they could fend off an intruder and used by someone allowed entrance at hours of the day where knocking is an unavailable option. Not to mention the height of the door. Mr Honeycomb, I’m sure you have suffered no shortage of diminutives based around your stature, but it is true that no one but yourself, or someone who owns quite a lot of pairs of tall shoes, could reach the height required to reach said key.
I was chatting - shouting, rather - with the chap next to me on the champion of last night’s brawl when a deafening holler drew our attention to the ring. A puff of dirt flew up from the ground and in its place lay a knife - a blunt, craftless thing, perhaps was seen as harmless by whoever threw it, but my profession had taught me the danger of blades of all keenness - which was promptly snatched away by the larger man.
. Cooing at him and feeding him bits of cookie dough. To Gladstone’s credit, he looked miserable, his bulldog’s face drooping more than normal to give him a smothered, melting appearance.
“Well, if you’re leaving, stay gone. And take the wretched pup with you.” She pounded her fist into her pillow, trying to plump it up. She fell cheek-first into it. “Can’t stand it when Bobby takes him in. Scratches at the door all hours of the night.”
His hand returned to its place by his side he said, “Sherlock Holmes, pleasured to make your acquaintance. And now you may take your leave. This is a very austere establishment as you’ve no doubt witnessed. Very harsh punishments for boys caught out of their beds after nine o’clock.” The urchin furiously patted his leg and he looked down. “What is it Fosberry?”
“N-no, I have not. I suppose grabbing me about the middle is your way of offering your services. Should you act this way with all your patients I would believe you would have been better off getting a degree in law.” His hands were calloused as he peeled my touch from him. Decidedly brusque, I returned to my feet, the dust off my knees falling like dismal snowflakes when I brushed it away. My doctor’s bag had been left at the foot of my bar stool and I retrieved it without consulting Holmes. He tossed his head, irritated, once he saw the bag clenched in my fist. “I don’t require a doctor. My drink and some peace shall be treatment enough.”
“I wasn’t exactly going to waste it by leaving it in an alley for the rats to get fat off. Once I heard your story about the dog, I knew it would be perfect.” Crumpled up in his pocket it had turned into more of a bloody waterfall, yet Gladstone, upon receiving his gift, jumped to gnawing on the thing. “Yes, good boy,” Holmes said, giving Gladstone one final pat - and me a coy smile - before rising.
I took a seat at the table, figuring I had earned that right, as Honeycomb went through the business of finding a teacup and a quarter-full bottle of milk. Eliza stood aimlessly in the middle of the room, swaying in the exhausted yet energized way children often have, but soon grew bored of that routine and toddled over to me, regarding me curiously with her clouded brown eyes.
Honeycomb stepped forward. “Mr Holmes, I can’t say you’ve presented a single fair argument. You focused on all the negative on me and nothing on Mr Watson.” He was playing the role of the sympathete, a role assumed whenever he evicted someone for an arbitrary reason - falsely understanding, dripping with an irony that the person on the business end of it was often too in their cups or their emotions to notice.
“No, sweetie. Would you go back to bed if I gave you another kiss?” They looked a strange pair together, an oak tree and the baby chipmunk pawing at a knot in the trunk.
It was a decidedly jolly way to spend my evening, oscillating between the barrier of the ring and the makeshift bar, cups of brandy and neat sprays of blood from connecting fists. I did stick closer to the bar, not out of any sense of intemperance, but because viewing the needless violence of the fight went against my good nature: it was a doctor’s office to heal maladies, not facilitate them, so I comforted myself by believing the money I would earn would go towards my career of doing such good and that was
“Yes. It’s quite out of fashion, wouldn’t you say? Its current length is obviously not its original cut and, while well tailored to your size, was not made for your ruling girth. There are patches of varying colouring throughout the inner lining so unless you are very careless, they can only mean a long time of wear and repair. And though it is a splendid piece of costuming it is not recently made. In addition to the quality of the coat, there is an embroidered name on the back of the collar: Yisrael. Thus, I can only surmise you have bought the coat secondhand from a Jewish gentleman.
“Very well. You drive a hard bargain, my short friend.” He rifled around in his pockets, the rustling of paper was louder than any clinking of pence. He glanced at me. “You wouldn’t happen to have a shilling I could borrow.”
“But you’ve got to sir. No one’s allowed to be ‘ere after the fights are done.” He tugged the brim of his hat, a stolen bowler by the look of it, in a gesture which conveyed his anxiety. I dislike being rude to children but I’m afraid I get rather confrontational when I drink. Gladstone could attest, having been on the wrong end of a rant or two over the state of our flat.
He was newly shirted with a stained patchwork of rags and his hair was crusted with the salt of perspiration. Even on the unveiled side of his face, bruises and minor cuts spangled his skin like buds in a garden.
“The question of strength, still. You might have taken his sight but that by no means gives up the ghost, He took up much more of the ring and would still have been able to knock you about once he located you with a fist.”
“It’ll be fine,” Molly replied. “You Holmes’ have a way of things turning out just right in the end.”
His bare feet padded through the flat, leading him towards the sounds of his younger brother and sister-in-law as they babbled and ate their breakfast. He smiled at the domestic scene before him. Molly had a large mug of tea in front of her, echoed in Sherrinford’s equally large cup of coffee. “Good morning, Sherlock,” she said with a frazzled smile. “Did you have a good time yesterday?”
A sharp nod followed. “How many of your men have been stomping about the crime scene, obliterating evidence?”
The greying man beamed at him, his teeth flashing white in the sunlight. The sight didn’t even bother him in the slightest, his own teeth revealing themselves as he laughed, his happiness spilling out in the only way that his human body could allow. In that moment, however, he would have given anything to howl his joy to the whole of Baker Street and beyond.
The young man squirmed, his cheeks turning a shade that was akin to his hair color (A rather bright, coppery shade he had inherited from the recessive genes of both his parents. Lucy had some how escaped with a rather lovely chestnut mane). “We’re studying something scary, Dad. Lucy thinks they’re cool but I’m worried.”
Once his brother was done with his transformation, he snaked in, latching onto the other wolf’s muzzle with a low growl. Sherrinford batted him away with a massive paw before he began to lick and lap at him, soothing his inner Alpha. He was in charge, or at least Sherrinford was allowing him to be, as the other man whined tenderly. With one last nuzzle, his brother headed for the stairs and bounded down. He followed, his tail waggling and waving like a helicopter blade.
“Sherlock.” John’s voice cut through the fog of thoughts swirling about his clouded mind. Though, without another murder, I can’t solve this case.
. “I’m just a bit too large for this chair, darling,” the woman groaned, rubbing her stomach. “That’s all.” Mycroft didn’t look so sure but he smiled anyway. “Uncle Sherrinford is here to be with you when the babies come. And he’ll be staying with us for a while - if that’s alright with you?”
. “Eddington,” he said, trying to get his confidence back, “Try to find me a scent besides Stevenson and blood. We have a murderer to find.”
smell like, Sir,” the officer continued, “And that dog reeks of Wolf. Besides, it’s too massive to be a regular dog.”
) social lives. He paid special attention to Stevenson’s Pack, knowing that they had had a rough couple of weeks. This shift would be difficult, their instinct would be to search for the missing man until their human logic pulled through. They were veteran Turned, so it wouldn’t last for more than the first half hour, but it would still be hard on them. He asked them to meet with him the following morning, just to check-in. He knew that they would need it. Losing a packmate was stressful. The last time he had lost a packmate, he had Turned thirty men. He made a note to be sure that their enclosure was completely sealed without chance of escape.
“Yes, well. She will be pleased, I’m sure.” He rose onto his elbows, arching his back in a stretch, his back popping as it only could after he had Shifted. As he stretched, the soldier rubbed his back, a soft grin on his face. The look was one that he had never experienced before and it made him feel warm and fuzzy inside. That feeling of satisfaction was one that he only achieved when he was getting his belly rubbed or his ears scratched.
“And with that, we should go,” the soldier stated, waving the other man’s inattention away. “Let’s check on Imogen.”
Smiling at the backs of his hosts and admiring their obvious love for each other, he followed, tying the borrowed dressing gown shut. He was glad to see that the sitting room that the couple had chosen was close by, poor Molly was moving less agilely these days and his heart went out to her. In all honesty, he knew that she could go into labor at any second, which was part of the reason behind his urgent visit to the very private residence. Something that Mycroft brought up with a bit of annoyance as he sat down in an armchair opposite the couple.
Their steps moved through the halls noisily, heels clacking and clicking on the linoleum echoing against the walls. A brief time was spent in the labs, discussing the research that they were conducting to create medications and suppressants, even one potential anti-venom that could be used when one was first Bitten to prevent Turning. None were ready to test on the men that had signed up as glorified lab rats, but the fact that there were advances being made impressed the assembled government officials. They asked several questions about the process and the ingredients used along with a few not-so subtle hints about speeding the process along.
“Oh, good,” Evelyn chimed in, “I’m glad you’re awake, Uncle Ford!” The girl smiled at him, offering a hand. He placed his head beneath it, allowing her fingers to play through the soft, short fur there as well as over his ears, which she tugged playfully. “I’ve taken a side. And I’d like you to come to the debate. If Ms. Crowley is alright with it.”
Nathaniel looked at his plate, coloring slightly. Lucy put a rather large scoop of potato into her mouth. “Nathaniel?” Mycroft pressured, “What happened?” The other man’s icy eyes focused on his soon-to-be-eldest son.
“Hello? Imogen?” The cheerful yet wary voice of the man that she loved causing her heart to flutter and her stomach to sink.
“Not that kind of shifting,” he said, wringing his hands nervously. “The other kind. Sherlock’s kind - My kind.” He looked down at the ground as he watched the mortician’s face fall and her brow furrow. “I think that you’re having a-a…
With one final look at the disheveled bed and the view of the moor through the window beyond, he turned the knob with a soft squeal and stepped out into the hallway. His brain whirred about within him. He wondered, briefly, about the four newly Bitten, stuck between St. Pierre and his escape.
The blonde head shook back and forth vigorously. “I am not the wolf. He’s something else. That’s why I can’t remember…”
He stopped in the doorway of the study, cocking his head dangerously. “You think we should let it pass.”
After much pushing and shoving, she found her way through the initial checkpoint and into the depths of the building. Imogen had to breathe a small sigh of relief. With her uncle’s credentials, she was able to quickly pass security and all of the subsequent checkpoints. She was led through plain halls to a white door, a single guard posted beside it. “That’s it?” she breathed, a bit let down after all the hype. Then she noticed the apparatus itself.
this time.” The man gave him a tight-lipped smile and a clap on the shoulder before allowing one of his hands to brush his Mate’s arm as he left the waiting area to return to his work.
Pursing his lips and striding into the living room, he cocked an eyebrow at his younger sibling’s broad back. Sherrinford was looking out the window, his head cocked slightly to the side.
“And now we’re prepared,” the statesman intoned. “I hope that you’re alright with child sitting because well...”
The teen sprang from her chair, causing it to crash to the floor, and rushed past him. “Daddy!” the girl shouted.
With a few grumblings, he heard the obedient patter of little feet retreating and the bolt sliding back. Molly’s flushed face beamed down at him. “To what do we owe the pleasure, Sherrinford?” she asked almost conspiratorially. “Shall I get Myc?”
Mycroft watched him go, a grim determination settling over him. He had two days to find everything he could about Kensington and his family history with the Lupus sapiens. It could keep the Wolves from their glorified prisons and his family safe.
I was content to explain to him as best I could in as few words I would deign to give my landlord the gossip of him and the statuesque burlesque showgirl he had taken up with several months ago, a one Lila Poseybloom who had captured his heart with one rousing verse of ‘Daddy Won’t Buy Me a Bow-Wow’ and left a Gretal-like trail of false feathers through the halls of the tenement.
“Well Mr Holmes despite your intelligence you are still my patient and I would ask you to return to the bed so I may finish on your face.” I straightened my waistcoat and gave an authoritative nod at the bed. Grumbling, he lay down, sans cigarette as I purloined it from his lips to squish its fiery tip on the headboard. I completed what little examination there needed to be done on him and gathered my things as he pulled his shirt over his head. The satisfaction of a job well done would have to warm me tonight. The nerves of my impending homelessness ascended to my intestines, clutching them, twisting them, or whatever metaphor is in the realm of realistic medical ailment.
“I suppose that makes it mine now.” As soon as he left the ring it was swarmed by men ready to spirit away the infirm to a hospital. I was swept up in the rabble and was able to communicate my profession to the crowd - not without sincere effort however, the rumble of talk had returned ferociously and people were attempting to tug him up by the broken arm; I had to knock a few patrons about to get close enough to scream - in order to set the wounded arm for the ride away. It was a clean break and once it was wrapped up, the man could limp on his own out of the place.
“Strong! Yes!” He cried and sat up with the speed of a jack-in-the-box so that my hands flew to my throat with the shock of it. He peered at me. “You see but you do not observe. While the specimen of which we speak was my superior in both height and width, his health was not one to trifle with. If you had the look at him I did you would have recognized the telltale signs of cataracts in his left eye thus my first goal was to attack the right, effectively blinding him and giving the game over to me.” Satisfied, he fell back against the bed, sending a minute puff of dandruff which I waved away absentmindedly.
Still, I allowed him to join me and after stashing the trunk where it wouldn't be purloined, we used my key to enter the building.
I would have answered, but honestly, there was something in the child that unsettled me. Perhaps it was her disheveled appearance or her probing gaze that seemed to look through me and pierce the very heart of me at the same time or the way she sprung from the darkness like a ghost.
“Is there a place where I could tend to you in private?” Patients, especially men, could be particularly recalcitrant when it came to be taken care of by a doctor; they much enjoyed the babying of nursemaids or their spouses than the remotely platonic bedside manner of a fellow male.
I was eager to obey, yanking my dog along behind me to find Honeycomb with a face full of scarlet and Holmes digging through his cupboards.
“Neighbouring his mistress to his wife and children, you say. What a scoundrel! I must meet the man immediately.” Holmes brushed away a messy swath of hair and turned on his heel towards the door. I caught his arm. He looked back, amusement curling on his lip.
“Yes. The Godforsaken bastard. He gave me until Tuesday to pay my rent. Tuesday! And here it is, barely Sunday evening and he’s tossed me out like a common criminal!”
“I don’t think I will.” He stepped towards me, a living shadow in the pitch of the bedroom. Gladstone whimpered next to my ankle. I crouched to comfort him. With his dog’s eyes, he could see much better in the darkness than either of us humans, and what he saw he clearly didn’t like. His warm body trembled against my leg.
so at least his merits are on clear display, so far as he as none.” So used to talking to myself was I, a ubiquitous product of my isolation, Holmes’s presence fell by the wayside as I chattered and recounted the horrors of my landlord’s personal life and I did not notice him creeping closer until he interrupted my turbulent monologue.
“He’ll leave soon, don’t worry.” Honeycomb swept over to her and lifted her under her arms up onto the table like she was as light as a kitten and handed her a cup of milk. She drank it all in one go, and Honeycomb, crouching down to her level, looked her straight in the eye. “Are you ready to go back to bed now?”
Instead of releasing Gladstone onto the floor where I could scoop him up and make a run for it, he opened a second door and tossed him inside. Rather roughly as my poor dear fellow made quite the squeal when he landed.
Honeycomb threw an elbow over his nose, edging around the room to be as far as possible from the scene. “That is disgusting.” He held himself back from retching. I couldn’t blame him; I was equally nauseated.
“If you won’t let me pay you for your services let me at least give you a place to stay until you find your way back into your our privacy. You would have had half of this had you been straight enough for analysis.” So earnest and imploring was his expression, I could hardly say no (no matter how much I shouldn’t have; staying with a ruffian was hardly the ideal place to be guest).
“Oh. That’s fine. It’s all fine.” He replied looking dejected and just so he could make things less awkward, he quickly changed the subject.
Molly said they were making cookies but based on the picture she’d attached to the recipe, it looked more like a brownie cookie. Looking at the ingredients, Sherlock went over to the cabinet to see what was provided, while Molly had run back to her room to grab the rest.
It was just then that she realized that Sherlock was having no trouble at all “Wait, Sherlock. You’re having no trouble at all!”
Sherlock left the room and sighed, he honestly didn’t think the desk was going to have many things they were going to need which meant they were going to have to improvise.
They left the restaurant and walked in the crisp fall evening to the music building in comfortable silence.
As he winds his way through the desks, he plops his bag onto the ground and clumsily falls into his seat. With his head on his desk, he doesn’t realize that someone has come up to him.
“Yeah, I know. My main course of study is math of course, but since my aunt is a dance professor here, I’ve been required to take that by my family, organ I’ve loved since I was a child, astronomy is fascinating, I love the wonders of space and all that it can tell us about not only our world, but how it explains everything. I did get to meet Stephen Hawking once, after a lecture he gave.”
April is nearing its end and John is finally going to tell her. He is finally going to tell Mary that he likes her and he’s scared shitless.
“Because it’s not my favorite so therefore it’s not something I truly like. I mean it’s fine from time to time but dance is where I really shine.”
“They’re a necessity for life and if we don’t understand them we are truly lost as a society. Also Professor Hudson is a friend the family. I’ve known her since I was quite young and I’m also an officer of Classics Society, so I had to be here.”
John continued his ministrations to Sherlock’s nipples caressing them with his fingers and drawing small circles with his nails and pinching and squeezing. Finally Sherlock exclaimed in pure ecstasy, "JOHN!" and that was what did it for John as he came with a moan.
Sherlock silently agreed and went over to John and wrapped his arms around him, bending down a bit so he could put his head on Joh’s shoulder and try not to cry.
“Ssh it’ll be alright Sherlock. I’m here and pretty soon you’ll be in Greece reunited with John. That’s exciting right?”
John makes the short journey down to Ms. Hudson’s flat and knocks on her door. She opens it and says “Oh John, I wondered when you’d be stopping by” and John walks in and sits down at her small wooden table and looks at her “Do you know where Sherlock is? He almost never leaves the flat without telling me where he’s going, at least not in the past 7 months or so.”
He drug his nails up the muscles in his legs, and brushed his fingers over the tent in his boxers; gasping when he kissed Sherlock harder, and bucked into his hands.
She replied indignantly “Of course I have! And while you are correct that it is a lot of work, it’s definitely worth the result.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
During all of this Sherlock couldn’t help but shed tears, no one had ever said anything like that to him.
“Very nice. I’m in a few clubs here like ballroom and the non-audition choir but when I’m not here I don’t do too much.”
Moving his lips from his own, John pressed a kiss to the hollow of his throat; before licking a trail to his Adam's apple. He smiled against Sherlock’s skin, and allowed his fingers to slowly scratch down his chest while he circled his tongue under the prudence in his throat. John’s head was thrown back, and his hands were tightening against his back; his moans vibrating against his nose.
In the parts of the world that don’t have snow, their lives are told through raindrops. If a person moves or lives in a place without snow for an extended period of time, they have to learn to adapt. That process is not easy. Today it’s sleeting and the crisp and clear shape of the snowflakes we are accustomed to are a frozen, wet and abstract mess. As we zoom in on the red city encased in grey, we truly begin to understand this drastic weather change.
Moving closer to John, Sherlock rested his head against his shoulder and yawned, smiling and placing a soft, barely there kiss to his skin, while he pulled the sheets over their cooling bodies, and brought the backs of his knuckles to gently brush against his cheek.
Sherlock felt like he’d been hit by a bus. “It’s second semester of senior year. There is no way I’m doing anything about this.”
Sherlock did however, get a lovely email from John the other day telling him how excited he was about seeing him in a few weeks. Sherlock will be glad to get away from England and onto Greece with his best friend. And that is what’s really helping him get through finals.
After they had returned their skates to the sports center and changed into clothes that were dry, they met in a designated kitchen to begin their baking activities.
Sherlock nodded and headed up the stairs to his room and John stood at the bottom of the stairs for a moment before heading back to his own, snow falling gently around him.
Ever since that case though, Sherlock had been treating him differently; he’s been extremely flirty and touchy. John doesn’t know what prompted the change but he found himself liking it more and more. Shortly after that, John asked Sherlock to dinner and that night they kissed for the first time, in Regents Park under a lamp post. They’ve been together ever since.
The class replied in unison, “Yes, Professor Hudson” and then she continued “Good, good! Now to begin, this is Sherlock, he’s going to be your TA and the Latin tutor this year.” He nodded in greeting and Professor Hudson continued, “Now, I’m passing out your class syllabi and we’ll read through it together, but first, a little review of the declensions and conjugations.”
After he crossed the bridge, he continued on to his original destination; The Pitti Palace and ultimately his favorite place; the Boboli Gardens. Being a student, he got free access to any museum or historical site and so he got his free ticket and cut all the lines and went in. Once through the palace entrance, he continued through the courtyard to a small door on the right that led into “his” garden.
Sherlock was wearing a black suit with matching holly boutonniere and is wearing an equally radiant smile as he comes walking down the path that leads to John. When they reach each other, they clasp hands and turn to Mycroft who is officiating the wedding.
“I’m well aware of the amount of time you’ll be gone. I am going to be your contact here if anything were to go wrong though, so I’m sure we’ll be in touch.”
John looked into his eyes and could see the playfulness in them so he gently bent his head and captured his lips with his before slowly trailing down his neck with his tongue until he finally got to his chest. John’s eyes shot up to Sherlock’s own to find that his eyes were closed, and he smiled before he passed the flat of his tongue over one of his rosy, pebbled nipples; closing his lips fully around the small bead and sucking softly in time with the erratic moans that poured from deep in Sherlock's chest. “Your nipples are incredibly sensitive, Sherlock.” John panted “Can you just come from nipple stimulation alone?”
He put his pen down and closed his journal making sure to tie the leather strands together and he realized he felt a little bit better. Being in this beautiful country and sitting surrounded by greenery and gorgeous sculptures definitely helped, but putting his thoughts on paper helped his brain calm down, at least a little. He sat there for a few more minutes taking in the beauty of the ever changing garden and then he gathered up his things and walked home feeling a bit lighter than he did before.
Glancing at the recipe to see what they needed, Sherlock went over to the cabinet first and found the sugar, flour, baking powder, and salt. And then he went to the fridge, and found the butter and eggs. When Molly returned, her arms were overflowing with ingredients.
Hesitantly he replied, “So…I like someone.” She gave me an encouraging look, “And this time, it’s a guy…which is a new thing…”
John left his flat in a hurry; journal in hand, wallet in pocket, he stormed past the gelaterias and restaurants. He wandered among the cobblestone streets and by the medieval buildings of Florence and upon reaching the Duomo paused, closed his eyes briefly and took a breath of air, inhaling the tantalizing scents of the eateries around him and upon opening his eyes took the path towards Santa Maria Novella and towards the bridge that led him across the Arno.
Sherlock’s arms wrapped tight around his neck, and his hand settled in his hair to encourage the soft kisses he was littering across his clavicle. He slid one of his hands down to his sides; whimpering and crying out at the sheer pleasure of his mouth on Sherlock’s neck and small breasts." Keep going John," he managed to whisper into his ear. "I don't think I can last much longer."
Sherlock thought about how truly awful this class was and flashed back to a conversation he and John had in the spring where he suggested that Sherlock branch out and meet new people while he was gone. He stopped briefly and with a small smile replied “Yes. That would be fine.”
He finally decided that he is going to tell John how he feels, and he knows that if he tells someone else that he’ll actually go through with it. Sherlock just decided that instead of feeling like he’s going to die every time he’s in John’s presence that he’d just tell him, because if he doesn’t do it now, he knows he’ll never get the chance. He would rather know he tried than have the regret of never saying anything at all.
Sherlock knows he’s right and so he leans back against the bench allowing Victor to get up. They walk back to Sherlock’s dorm hand in hand and hug once they get to his door with promises of more tomorrow.
He jumps in his seat at the sound and his head whips around to find its origin. He hears a giggle to his left and sees a young lady with short blond hair, a red cardigan and a floral skirt and replies with a smile, “Yes that would be me, I’m afraid I don’t know your name though.”
“Oh good, that saves me a bit of explanation, but anyway since you know what that means, I figure I should say something else because” John paused and looked at the woodchipped ground “I fancy someone.”
“Alright, but hey, I have some news and it’s not something you’re going to want to hear but you need to hear it from someone.”
Sherlock just got out of a particularly dull analytical chemistry lab and decides he wants to see Victor. He makes his way to Victor’s dorm and once he arrives at Victor’s door, knocks and waits.
“Well, we could always go to the desk and see what they have. I don’t have any of my own here otherwise I would suggest that.”
When they arrived at his dorm, Sherlock said “Thank you for walking me back. I enjoy having company when I go out from time to time.”
The woman sent him an apologetic smile and extended her hand instead. He had wanted to wait for Evelyn, her fear and confusion still mingled with her scent, but he was loath to leave his brother’s mate wanting, so he rose and trotted to her. With a low grumble, he pressed the top of his head into her palm, his tongue darting over her stomach, pulling at the fabric.
are the only one who has been ordered to kill me?” the man asked, his voice surprisingly even, as if his life was threatened on a daily basis.
The sound of the closing door made him realize that he was now entirely alone with John. The sound of Sherrinford’s footsteps above him alerted him to the fact that the younger Wolf had shifted to accommodate a night on the floor in 221C. It wasn’t that Evy
His greeting was met with a chorus of yips and yaps, wagging tails and lolling tongues. Sherrinford, being the exact same regardless of his shape, thrust his head beneath the man’s outstretched hand. The guard gave the leading researcher of Lupus sapiens a good ear scratching, a grin on both of their faces.
As plates cleared, his stomach almost uncomfortably full, he slowly pushed his plate away. Moonrise was less than an hour away, he could feel Her call in his bones, making his blood hum. The teenager was still working on her food but seemed to be nearly done. His mercurial eyes met the deep blue of his younger sibling and gave him a small nod.
Myrcoft did not suppress his groan. Sherlock ignored it all, basically hopping with tense energy. “What did you find?”
The man released a self-depreciating chuckle, his lips curling into a tiny smile that allowed his teeth to flash. “I thought I was a goner when I started this mad idea. This plan…it is giving me hope for a better future, and that’s because of you.” He paused, flushing a handsome shade of pink as his head tipped to the left. “I love you, Imogen. It is because I love and trust you that I know that everything will be alright.”
), had simply eliminated anything human about the afflicted men. They would not only wear tags, they were being placed in facilities on a permanent basis - to keep them safe from the new threat that faced them.
Turning from the door, he left it ajar and moved through his flat to his bedroom. He hadn’t bothered to dress today, and, honestly, he didn’t see the point of dressing for his trip to his eldest sibling’s home, considering the fact that he would simply shift there. However, he knew that John would be disappointed if he wandered out of the flat in his dressing gown. He pulled on a pair of slacks and a button-up, calling it a day.
The man was silent, his nostrils flared. “Sherrinford? Please forgive me,” she breathed, so close to the glass that her words fogged it.
The sound roused someone, however, and the detective smirked, listening to the thud of frustrated footsteps on the stairs. The door to 221B swung open. Not looking, his nose was surprised to scent his brother instead of his mate. “Sherrinford,” he intoned, not missing a beat, “Phone.”
“No. Wait,” he cut in, wanting to know about his brother but needing to know about the rest of the deal first, “What do
Knowing that he needed to stop thinking, he turned his back on the wall with a huff and pulled off his robe, tossing it onto the worn sofa in a heap. Striding purposefully towards his room, he quickly and efficiently stripped his rather fitted clothing off into a heap on the floor. Crouching down, he willed the shift, letting his instincts pull him from human to wolf.
Eddington, the first to come to his rescue, had taken a bullet for him, the projectile going into his unprotected stomach. The Wolf was resting comfortably now, his intelligent eyes catching his as he entered the room, his tail giving a small wag.
“Ah, yes, thank you, Gerald,” he stated, returning to the present, and sliding from the car. “I don’t think I’ll be too long. Stay close.”
He cocked the muscle over his eye, keeping his teeth hidden even as he wanted to peel his lips back. Instead, he dropped his head and plied his nose, dextrous tongue, and one of his paw’s pads to the keyboard.
He paused at the door, waiting for the new father to give him permission to enter. Mycroft, while one of the lower members on the Pack totem pole, had the right, as the parent, to deny him entry or access to the twins.
Uncontrollably happy, the officer tossed his head back in a full howl before running about the gymnasium in sheer joy. Lestrade released a proud whoop himself before kneeling, his knees cracking, and offering Eddington his hand. “Congratulations, Eddington! Good man!”
“We should use the morgue entrance,” the Turned Wolf muttered, flinching away from another inquisitive nurse who nudged past him to snap a picture. “Excuse me!” he interjected, hissing and throwing an elbow, but the woman was quickly replaced by another.
, he noted. “I don’t remember too much, Darling. His eyes will open a bit before the time he’s old enough to create and keep memories.”
been his nursery) made the young man sad, reminding him that he had not always been welcomed in the Holmes household.
“Yes, there are. That is right. However, right now, I want you to identify a fully-clothed werewolf. What do you look for?” He focused on her face as he slowly unbuttoned his collar. His peripheral vision told him that Sherrinford was following his lead.
After his slow, steady breathing and pulse lulled both newborns back to sleep, he whined, needing to get out of the bedroom to begin his own day. Molly had long since fallen asleep, as had Mycroft. They had had a long night, after all, so he couldn’t grudge them for it. However, they still had another pair of twins downstairs, a couple of eight year olds that would be waking any minute now, and no adult in their general vicinity.
“A bit, yeah,” the younger man replied a bit harshly. “I don’t need it smelling like Alpha. That’s one of the reasons I sleep in the spare bedroom at 221.”
“Careful!” he insisted, watching the young woman lift the pot of soup from the stove with a pair of too large oven mitts. She rolled her eyes at him and stuck out her tongue for good measure. He bit back a good-natured growl. It was becoming more difficult theses days to keep the Wolf from bleeding over into his human persona. He assumed that it was because he was getting older and even the slightest disagreement challenged his authority.
“They are an ancient organization that spans the world and claims to rid it of unnatural beasts, beings guided by pagan beliefs and devil worshippers. They specialize in Wolves but have been known to support a witch hunt or two as well as several vampire killings.”
Her happiness instantly disappeared. Plopping down on the chair opposite him, concern clouding her beautiful features, she breathed, “Oh.”
“Apologies,” the British Government stated, automatically lifting his human son from his bed, “Daddy had a bad day at work, Darling. Shhhhhhhh. I’m sorry.” He bent and placed a tender kiss to his wife’s cheek, the woman’s fair skin flushing under his attentions.
Evelyn nodded solemnly, as her eyes flickered to the door, expecting a group of Wolves to waltz through it. The detective cleared his throat, drawing her attention back to him. “Evelyn, how can you identify a Lupus sapiens in human form?”
“So Lupus sapiens toxin is only produced when they have teeth that are strong enough to break skin.” He frowned in surprised. “Clever.” Turning to face Mycroft directly, he queried, “Then why do you need Sherrinford?”
“Is Uncle Sherlock like my Dad?” It came out of her mouth in a tumble. “Do you think I could call him Pop? Would he like that? I mean, I know that he and Daddy are Mates - which means that they’re like married in the eyes of other Wolves and I’ve always wanted two parents. Do you think that’d be okay?”
He continued to smile as he witnessed the woman’s mind piecing all the times she had seen them as Wolves. “We are the same. I am still very much Sherlock Holmes, or Willie, no matter the form. The same, if not more so, for Sherrinford, seeing as he’s been at this longer than myself.”
He awoke to the sound of a fussy infant, his voice shrill and needy. His sight had blessedly returned and he used the sense to follow Molly’s journey around his sickbed and to his side. Thomas was held in her arms, thrashing about unhappily in his blankets. The woman, seeing that he was awake, smiled at him, her eyes wide and terrified. “He’s been upset all day. I really don’t know why.”
He had no idea why she was so upset, though, judging from Sherlock’s strong yet stoic presence, it was something big. He eyed his older sibling, cocking an eyebrow muscle. The other man simply mouthed ‘Later,’ shaking his head.
He woke some time later, the sound of feet reaching his ears. Looking up, he found that, not only had Evelyn returned, but her father had come as well. He was pleased to see that he was supported by the still furry form of his brother and his daughter. He gave his tail a small wag as he raised his head.
His footsteps followed his nose through the kitchen (where he startled the cook), and into the dining room. His niece and nephew, still in their school uniforms, were seated at the table poking one another in the ribs, each jab harder than the last. “Well hello!” he said happily, glad to see the two troublemakers, “How are you both?”
His face pulled into it’s mask before he closed his eyes and fell back into his Mind Palace. He still had a case to solve.
Biting his lower lip to stop the possessive growl that was threatening to tear its way out of his chest, he responded, “Sherlock.” Offering a hand to the teacher across the table from him, who looked rather shocked at the sudden arrival of the other man, he continued, “Imogen, I’d like you to meet my elder brother, Sherlock. He was just leaving.” He gave the dark haired man a pointed glare.
Shaking his head, Sherrinford waved at the exasperated army doctor. “I’ll be back with Thomas. That should distract him for a while.”
“You may want to hurry,” the younger Wolf stated, his arm still wrapped around the teenager in a side hug, “Unless you want Nathaniel and Lucy to find out about you as well. They’re supposed to be home in a half hour.”
“You have been living with this condition for five years now, Eddie,” he said quietly, calmly, trying to calm the man down. “It is unfortunate that it should happen to you, but it has happened and now we must deal with the consequences. Might I recommend a human doctor to you? I am only the Baskerville veterinarian. I am not well-versed in the medical needs of humans more so than you are. (
Sherlock blinked at her rapidly before giving him the same treatment. Abruptly, the detective left his seat and vanished into the rest of the pub. The small woman guffawed at the abrupt departure of his older sibling, making him chuckle. “He’s a bit of an odd duck,” he admitted with a shrug, realizing that he was even more of one. After all, their parents had given him up for being too different but had kept their two boy geniuses.
“We have a target on our backs,” he stated, then stopped, an idea blazing through his mind like a hot knife through butter. “You’re hoping that the killer will come for Sherrinford.”
The Wolf’s tail wagged more, his tongue lolling out jovially. “Alright,” he replied with a smile, “I’ll see you later, Isaac.”
Not waiting for a reply, umbrella still hanging from his arm, he tread through his home and to the fake wall. Sherrinford, being a Holmes (and a Wolf), would no doubt know of his office’s existence but he’d need to leave the door open for the younger man. He did not want his sanctuary bothered, even if it was by well-meaning younger brothers.
Looking up at his brother, his eyes large and apologetic. “I-I...” he stammered, turning off the machine.
The most handsome man in the world stood just outside her door, an amused grin on his face that quickly dissipated into a genuine smile. He was wearing a fitted navy suit with a crisp, white shirt and no tie. His hands grasped a bouquet of primroses and lilies, his long fingers tapping on the stems in a discordant rhythm. “Hello Imogen,” he said softly, his voice sending shivers down her spine. “You look stunning this evening.” He paused, his nostrils flaring slightly. “These are for you.” He offered her the flowers a bit sheepishly.
“You were right,” he murmured to the curled up body of the russet wolf that was covering one of his couches, earning him a soft rumble from Sherrinford. He breathed a quiet ‘good night’ as he passed the door to the guest room, knowing that his middle sibling heard him. With a sigh, he continued toward his bedroom and his napping wife.
Inside, they viewed the tanks with their special additions. The family members and friends scratching ears and bellies, having full conversations, and cuddling with their furry loved ones. Sean and Elizabeth, her stomach jutting proudly like the prow of a boat, greeted the group as they walked down the residential hallway. They did not invite anyone into their home away from home but waved (or wagged) happily, answer questions that were posed. Sherrinford felt a welling of pride when the man from MI5 seemed to take a special interest in his best patient (Because Sherlock was his worst -
He allowed the man to scroll and scan through his own webpage, his feet continuing to trace the well-worn carpet beneath his feet. They’d stopped having people come unannounced to the flat just in case he was Shifted at the time. Even if his secret would eventually come to light, he didn’t need it happening in his own home.
For only the second time in his long and rather illustrious career, he was nervous. He had barely eaten breakfast and had left the house far earlier than was necessary. The opening remarks that occurred today would set the tone for the entire summit. Once the new or revised laws were created, then the Houses would be passed the bill. That could occur within the week, if they wanted to rush it through (Which was, no doubt, the case), or it could be drawn out for months. If it was the latter, then there may yet be hope of his fixing the problem he had created with the original set of laws. But, that could be asking too much. It would be hard to keep his aloof manner when there was so much on the line. But he could and would do it - he was Mycroft Holmes, after all.
He chuckled and sarcastically replied, “Exhausted, but what else is new. How about you?” “Oh you know, busy with projects and papers; the usual college student life.”She nodded enthusiastically, eyebrows raised.
John smiled, his warm, calloused hand cupped his cheek as he pulled his fur about him. The hand rubbed his jowl before finding it’s way onto the top of his head to scratch one of his ears, their brows touching lovingly.
“Just three days,” he replied. “Not bad. Your shoulder’s healing quickly but not Lupus sapiens quick. I suspect that, so long as you strive to keep the area clean, infection shouldn’t set in. Besides a bit of pain and maybe some limited mobility for a short while, I’m hopeful that it’s nothing but left over effects from the attack. We gave you a transfusion, which may have helped to flush the venom, and thus the stinging pain, from your system. Of course, you were bitten under the sun, the day after a Full Moon, so you won’t Shift and shouldn’t exhibit any wolfish effects. You should take it easy for another week or so, just to protect your shoulder but I expect a full recovery.”
“Don’t be absurd!” the man retorted, shooting him a dark glance while pouring a heaping cup of coffee for himself.
“Then pay attention to their hair color and eyes and, for the most part, their personalities, you’ll be fine,” he beamed, placing his empty plate in the sink. “Shall we?”
She hummed in appreciation and continued to move out the door and down the hall. The stairs, one flight down and, eventually, one flight back up, proved to be difficult and her progress was slow. She was greeted on the second floor landing by a massive tawny wolf, head cocked and ears pricked forward. His head was slightly bowed and submissive, nostrils flared and a soft whine issuing from his throat. “You’re already awake,” she said, tossing her hands up. “Of course. You could probably smell the contractions on me.”
it. Gregson was the guard on duty tonight and he paid for it with his life. Wolves went for the throat. McTigue, Smithfield, Barnes, and Caldwell also paid the price, bravely stepping between a dangerous Wolf and his freedom, exchanging theirs in the process. He just hope that one of them got a good shot off. Bullet wounds took a long time to heal, even for Lupus sapiens.
“Oh. Um. I’m sorry John but I have a really big test the next day so I’ll probably be having a date with my textbook.”
When Sherlock finally sits back up, he grabs one of John’s hands so as to not to eliminate contact completely and says, “Thank you, John. I’m assuming Ms. Hudson told you and thank you for coming. Sometime in the near future I will tell you all about Redbeard, but not today. You may think it strange that even years after I’d still be affected, but I am.”
John sighed and his shoulders sagged slightly, “Fine, I may like her a little bit more that friends.”
“Long story short, I was sitting in the dining hall the other day, alone and Mary came up to me and we got talking and she mentioned something about you.”
Later that day, he was walking from the dining hall to the science building, when he heard ran into Mike.
After a minute, John broke the silence with a slight cough, “How did your Latin exam go? Well I hope?”
"You are so beautiful," he confessed breathlessly; reaching forward to slide a single finger along the curve of Sherlock’s waist, until he allowed his hand to settle against his hip. "I love you, Sherlock, and I'm in such an awe of how someone like you could be in love with someone like me. My god, you're too good for me."
He could not do that. Every time he saw Victor now, he had Jim attached at his hip. They never acknowledged each other. It was so painful.
As soon as they were settled at their table and had started eating, John asked, “So Mary, how has your semester been going?”
At that point the oven timer went off and Sherlock while grabbing a towel, went to check on the cookies.
He finished eating his homemade lasagna with a side of focaccia before grabbing his large golden ticket, his wallet and keys, finally heading out the door to the theater.
With a fleeting glance at the clock, the glaring red letters reading 8:30 he rubbed his eyes in frustrated confusion while the dream still lingered vividly in his mind. As he hopped out of bed and dressed for the day, the dream still remained and he knew that he needed to talk to someone about what he was feeling. Obviously, he couldn’t talk to John since it bloody involved him, but it was Tuesday and around this time he knew that Molly would be in the commons working on homework, so Sherlock hurriedly got ready for the day and headed in that direction.
Later that day, after hardly thinking about anything else, Sherlock resorted to research online and including taking quiz after quiz titled “What is your sexuality” or something to that effect.
After several weeks of casually bumping into each other, and casual chatting in the halls, Sherlock and Victor started becoming friends. It took for some awkward talks with Irene in the halls to reassure Sherlock that this was a good thing. That John would be glad he’d made a new friend.
John and Mary never did get to hang out. Either she was busy with school projects or other activities like ballroom dancing or John had plans.
After ten minutes of walking, they finally reached Mary’s destination; the library. Mary turned to John and said “Thanks for walking me, John.”
Sherlock groaned and lightly banged his head against the table, “Molly, I’m not even entirely sure about what I’m feeling. Just that I’ve never felt like this about a guy before…or anyone really…”
Molly beamed as she glanced at the time on her watch and her eyes bulged, “Oh good! I have to run to biology now, but I’ll see you in class! Bye, Sherlock!” Before Sherlock could reply, Molly was swiftly walking towards the science building.
Sherlock checked the time on the email and checked his watch and realized that he should log on to his Skype. Once logged on, he shot John a message that he was ready to talk and waiting for the melodic sound of a call coming through.
Slowly, people started to trickle into the theater and soon enough the lights were dimming and the concert starting.
“Because I didn’t know you felt that way about me until someone mentioned it to me the other day. And after that, I didn’t know how to act or what to do because I’m absolutely awful with things like this. Let me say this though, what I said before about enjoying your company and wanting to do something like this again, I meant it. I’m sorry if I hurt your feelings because that was not my intention.”
Sherlock replied, “Yes they’re ridiculously sensitive and I never had the patience to bring myself to try.”
Surprised, Mary hugged him back twinning her arms under his and resting her gloved hands on his back. “Goodnight John”
“Mary, wait. Uh…I had a really good time too and I was wondering, what are you doing on Valentine’s Day?” he held his breath as he waited for an answer and she replied
Grumbling and muttering could be heard on the other side of the door and not a minute later, it opened a fraction to allow her inside.
After they all congratulated each other, John went over to Mary with a smile and said “That was bloody brilliant Mary! Had you ever played broomball before?”
Sherlock just glared at him until Mycroft turned to him and said “Are you ready to go brother mine?”
“Well we’ll each have something to look forward to then. The ice skating for me and the baking party for you.”
“Mary, I have something to tell you” he said, his heart pounding loud in his ears and hands sweating.
Sherlock smiled up at him, and continued running his fingers along the buttons of his dress shirt to quell the nervous feeling he felt deep in his belly. "Yes," he answered on a whisper. "I am absolutely sure. Am I insecure because I've never been in a relationship like this before? Of course, but I trust you…with my mind…with my body…with my heart…"
Seeing that he still had a half hour before the concert started he decided to get a good look at the theater. Everything from the seats to the carpet were all red, which of course is the color of Florence. There were three floors of seats and the stage which was made of a light wood, spanned the whole width of the theater which had a piano at the far left (at least if you were facing the stage). Einaudi’s “In a Time Lapse” was playing on the speaker above on repeat as that was the album that was just released and would be the main focus of the concert.
“Because I kind of feel that way too and, no one and I mean no one has ever said something like that to me. I’ve never had something like this.”
Sherlock didn’t respond but he was definitely looking forward to seeing John again so he nodded slightly.
John closed his eyes for a moment, took a deep breath and plowed on it’s now or never John, come on, “So a little while ago, I realized I’m not exactly as straight as I thought. I’m bisexual.” Before Sherlock could interrupt him he plowed on, “And not just that, but I learned about something called the romantic spectrum and if you’re not familiar with it –”
The girl at the front desk sighed, got the key to the closet and motioned for him to follow her. She opened the closet and looking inside he saw two large pots, some plastic bowls, measuring cups, a pan or two and a mix-master along with some other random odds and ends. He grabbed the pot, a few bowls and the mix-master and went back to the kitchen.
After the ceremony of course there were pictures, food and mingling. John talked with a few of the professors for a little while and some of his other Classics friends until he saw someone he’d been wanting to talk to for quite some time standing in the corner trying to blend in and failing miserably. Sherlock was dressed in his usual attire of dress clothes. Today he was wearing a black suit with a purple and gold stripped tie for the occasion and he looked stunning.
Once they had gotten inside and gone upstairs to the dining hall, they walked into the food area and each grabbed trays agreeing to meet by the dessert table once they were finished getting their meals.
John thought it was a bit odd but he turned around and knocked the secret knock and when he heard the reply, opened the door and let the inductees in.
Sherlock felt all the breath leave his body. John fancied someone, someone who probably wasn’t him and he couldn’t look at John anymore, couldn’t reveal his feelings anymore, “Oh. I see. Anyone I know?”
Sherlock, jolted out of his reverie turned to face John and collapsed into his arms; head slotting into the crook of John’s neck his arms weaving their way around his waist. Neither of them knew how long they stayed that way; Sherlock collapsed into John’s arms and John gently rubbing circles on his back.
As he neared the river, he couldn’t help but stop to take in the scenery of the grey light shining on the water and revealing the mountains in the back along with the foliage; every single time he had to cross that river, the view struck him and he wished he could share it with the friends he left back home. He wished he could share it with one person in particular; Sherlock. John hadn’t seen Sherlock since the previous May and it was now early December. Only a month and half until he got to see his friends again. And while John had kept in touch with his friends, it was hard for him to not miss them and want to be part of their lives all the time. As people often say after having been abroad “you will never be completely at home again, because your heart will always be elsewhere. That is the price you pay for the richness of loving and knowing people in more than one place”. John’s life embodies that quote because, while he loves being and experiencing Florence, he misses his friends back home, but he knows that once he’s gone from Florence, he’ll want to be back here.
Ludovico Einaudi is an incredible musician and if you have a chance I highly recommend listening to his work. I could also make a playlist and put it on 8tracks if people are interested.
John slowly made his way over to the bench, the wood chips crunching under each footstep and sat next to Sherlock gently putting his hand on Sherlock’s back in comfort.
John was in pure heaven when Sherlock called his name and proceeded to give him what he wanted; turning him and connecting their lips the second before Sherlock screamed into his mouth, and their bodies shattered together. John felt Sherlock’s heated juices shoot forcefully onto his belly.
After much deliberation she finally agreed and they got her a helmet. All other padding was not provided, since it’s not a legitimate sport under the university’s standards, mostly because of budget. And once she was ready to go they explained the rules to her.
John looked down at Sherlock, and closed his eyes quickly the second he stuck his fingers into his mouth; his moan coming out as an almost tortured cry as John returned to his ministrations to the neglected nipples. Sherlock tightened his grip on the sheets around him, and tore at whatever was close to him.
When he arrived, he paid the cabbie and got out and walked strait to the pond with the willow. He stopped and observed before making his way through the tree arched path until he came to the woody clearing and his heart jumped into his throat at what he saw next.
As he walked to his ballet class, leaves of all colors were falling around him blowing his raven colored curls and making his coat float around him. Once he reached his building, he entered and Irene immediately bounded up and started talking about her weekend, or at least that’s what Sherlock presumed since he wasn’t listening. He felt a slap to his arm and he looked over at her in shock where Irene was glaring at him.
Sherlock groaned again, laying on the table, covering his had with his arms. What on earth was he going to do now! ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
When he entered the lobby he saw that there was no ticket taker and entered the theater and looked at his ticket despite the fact that he had every single fact on it memorized to see what his seat number was. Upon glancing back down at the ticket and seeing that his seat was in fact A 16 walked straight down the red carpet leading to the front and center and found his seat almost immediately.
While they waited for them to cool, there was a bit of an awkward silence between the two friends. Just before Molly was going to speak, one of her friends, Sherlock believed her name was Irene, came into the kitchen.
Finally, Mary broke the silence and said “This was a lot of fun John. We should do something like this again sometime”
“I’m taking ballet, obviously, Ovid my advanced Latin course of the semester, analytical chemistry, violin, and an archaeology course which is mostly for fun, but also in preparation for my study abroad this January.”
And so they put tables and chairs back in their original places and helped Professor Hudson with the food and drinks and bade her and the other officers goodnight once they were done.
Slowly John worked his way back up to Sherlock’s chest and his hard nipples. Sherlock shivered and whimpered softly. John did as he had before, and stepped back to get a better view of Sherlock; his nervousness giving his heart yet another scared flutter as he looked over Sherlock’s beautiful form.
Victor looked at the studio’s door closing and absentmindedly replied “That’s ok. I’m sure I’ll see him around again.”
After that the two friends talked about what was planned for the rest of their semesters; John was going to Rome in a few weeks and Sherlock was looking forward to the short break they had coming up where he could take a break from his rigorous schedule, and then they said they would talk to each other soon and signed off.
And when another one of John’s favorites started he realized something. As the opening notes to “i giorni” played it was like he was hit by a bolt of lightning. One of the reasons he loved Einaudi so much was because Sherlock introduced him. Sherlock had played this piece for him once on his violin and it was absolutely gorgeous, but hearing the piano version of this piece brought new meaning to John and he realized that all the feelings he’d been having for Sherlock these past weeks were feelings of great affection. This piece of music was about many things but one of them was resolution. And his conflicting feelings had been resolved. Always enjoying being with Sherlock and feeling weird about him going on a date; he was fucking in love with Sherlock Holmes and he was terrified. That song had new meaning for him and he would never be able to listen to it again without thinking of Sherlock. And as the song came to an end as well as the concert, he couldn’t stop thinking about his feelings and left the theater.
With the Moon upon them, he knew that he most certainly preferred to be away from the circus that Baskerville was bound to become even while he knew that his nephew would be in need of a sitter while his younger sibling played ring master. He gritted his teeth. Thinking about it set him on edge. Besides, if he spent the night at Baskerville, there was a chance that the rest of the Holmes family secret would be revealed. With a sigh, he grabbed his mobile from the pocket of his dressing gown and shot the natural born wolf a text.
The image of the russet wolf typing rather painstakingly vanished to reveal a young, blonde, female reporter. “This is all rather fantastical. It is one thing to hear about a Lupus sapiens and quite another to actually see one. And to have it be a public figure such as Sherrinford Holmes, it’s rather extraordinary. Now, to discuss this further, we welcome to our studio Lord Kensington from the House of Lords, William Buckley of the House of Commons, and Senior Science Analyst, Dr. Jean Farmer. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us.”
“Oh boys!” Mrs. Hudson said cheerfully from her doorway, “Shall I let you out?” He nodded vigorously, as did Sherrinford, the younger man even barking enthusiastically. The antics of his younger sibling made him roll his eyes but did not diminish their shared enthusiasm. “Okay, okay,” the landlady chuckled, pushing through their wriggling mass of fur and energy, “The back door will be open for when you get back. Don’t stay out too late!”
As he stepped from the car onto the gravel drive, his lungs flooding with the fresh Oxfordshire air, he was glad that Mycroft had talked him into spending the Moon with their parents. Or at least at their home, seeing as he really didn’t plan on spending too much time with them. His father was fine. Very accepting of everything, actually. It was his mother that made things difficult. She had wanted the perfect little family and she had loved each and every one of them until her imperfect gene pool had thrown a wrench in with Sherrinford. With his younger brother back, his own circumstances, and the birth of a second Natural born Wolf in the Holmes line, she was handling things as gracefully as she could manage. Which was about as well as he handled boredom. Badly.
The man cocked a single eyebrow and snorted derisively, looking him up and down, making him instantly regret that sympathy weight he had gained with Molly. His designer suit wasn’t fitting as well as it once had.
Yanking his jacket off, he wadded it agains the shoulder and applied pressure. Sherrinford howled, his right hind leg taking a swipe at him. “Stay still!” he hissed, “We’ve got to get this bleeding under control!”
He shook his head, already feeling awful that he was leaving the Pup with his mother for most of the Moon due to his own stupidity. Playing the perfect house pet for the visiting politicians, lawmakers, and government bigwigs was punishment enough for his rash decision to move from the shadows. Needless to say, he was not looking forward to it in the slightest.
“How are you doing Mol?” his eldest brother asked from the doorway, his hands in his pockets. “Are they bothering you?”
His father’s hands clapped together, startling him a bit and making him jump, his ears pricking at the sound. “Alright then, boys. Brekkie in five.” The man smiled brightly, giving him a wink despite his current state. “There might even be some bacon in it for you, My Boy.”
“Please,” the man she loved insisted, his smile becoming forced as the handshake from eternity continued awkwardly. “Call me Sherrinford.”
“Because,” he shot back defensively, “It is a waste of your time.” He set his jaw and set about clearing the table. The teenager, seeing his sudden and relatively inexplicable shift in his mood, excused herself to go upstairs and work on her school work. John smiled and thanked her for the dinner, though it was barely audible over his rather vicious scrubbing of the dishes.
“That would be great,” she said, turning her keys in the lock and opening her flat door. “I will be looking forward to it.”
“When?” he breathed, closing his eyes and hanging his head. His parents were still difficult to be around, trying to baby him to prove that they still cared for him. It was worse for Sherrinford.
Shaking it out, he trotted out of his room and into the living room, barking his changed form to the man upstairs. He could hear Sherrinford stop his pacing above him and a drawer open and shut, followed by the sound of the man descending the steps.
He pulled the chair out for the stunning woman and gave her a small kiss on her rosy cheek, loving the warm texture. “And I, you.”
Sherlock rolled his mercurial eyes but still took off running after the tiny green object. The thrill of the chase, so ingrained into his DNA, overwhelmed any bit of his human logic and, at times when his human emotions complicated things and his thoughts raced unceasingly, he loved the ability to escape to something simpler. After several passes, the doctor laughing as he romped through the grass of his parents’ yard, he abandoned the ball for something a bit more tempting: the brace of rabbits.
“Dear Lord,” the doctor muttered good-naturedly, “We are never doing this again. One was enough! I can’t deal with
He turned to slide into the car when a single shot rang out. His youngest sibling yelped, collapsing into his thigh like a deadweight, half in the car, half out of it. “Sherrinford?” he breathed, dropping the stupid leash to pull the surprisingly heavy form of his brother into the car. Blood, thick with the silvery mucus came away in his hands. “
Sherlock nodded, his younger sibling already out the door and halfway down the sidewalk of Baker Street. The detective gave his beloved landlady a small lick on the inside of her wrist, tasting her scent of peonies and cookies, and chased his younger brother out to the sidewalk.
The other man bit his lower lip and shook his head slightly. “I’m not good enough to be working under you, Sir,” he replied. “I’m not trained to be a sniffer dog. I didn’t even identify the wolfsbane on the scene. Sherlock Holmes, who’s a bloody human, found it instead of me!”
His clothing, a robe really, was stacked just inside the backdoor that led to the garden. Along the wall to the mudroom, across from the door that led to the garden and beside the door that led to the rest of the house, was the extra mattress, still smelling faintly of Sherrinford. He had brought his comforter from 221B, expecting it to become ruined in the out of doors, but was secretly glad he could leave it inside, folded on the mattress instead. Easier to clean that way. Completing the room were two large bowls of water and a package of bottled water and beef jerky for John. They were complemented by the pair of bowls just outside the door on the stone patio.
“You do realize that most of your charges work for the establishment?” he sighed, his fingers beginning to rub his temple.
The other man looked a bit taken aback but did not respond. He watch the dark head turn to face the windows, fingers laced behind the broad back in a show of pomp and circumstance. He rolled his eyes, tired of the power play and exhausted in general. With Mycroft returning to work, his testing the K13s, and the new Pups, he was a bit overextended and beyond exhausted. He had no patience to deal with his sociopathic elder sibling. “Why am I bloody here, Sherlock?”
. Needless to say, she was intrigued by the Holmes family (And through them, the Watson family), and she was totally in love with Sherrinford Holmes.
He shook again. Taking a small step forward, his head still bowed submissively, he nudged her wet legging. “Of course,” she murmured, scratching her brother-in-law’s triangular ears, “You smelled my waters breaking.”
. John’s voice cut into his thoughts, reminding him, none-to-gently, that he shouldn’t raise himself onto a pedestal higher than the one that was already built for him. He sighed. His mate was right, as he usually was when it came to dealing with others.
“Yes,” he interjected, “But only if you or your parents have friends over or if we are out together and I’m furry. Any other time, no matter what I look like, I’m still your uncle and I should be treated as such.”
The K13 gave him a sharp nod before the pair of them made their way to the tape that stretched around the dilapidated two-story house. As they passed the boundary, Eddington stopped suddenly, nostrils flared. “Eddington?” Lestrade asked, noting the flared nostrils of the Lupus sapiens. It was the day after the New Moon, so his senses wouldn’t be as acute as they were closer to the Full Moon, but they were present nonetheless. “What is it?”
“Where you could hit a pedestrian! Or the PM!” John’s exasperation made him chuckle as he strode towards the bed where his brother lay.
“Is this your new patient?” Imogen asked quietly, her awed voice rough from lack of use. Her eyes, though a bit bleary, shone with a light that was indescribable, as if she were seeing the most miraculous thing in the world.
He had rethought, of course, and had decided that he could Shift for those that wanted to see but was a bit put off.
The camera panned out to reveal the rest of the table. He bit back a growl as the girth of Kensington was revealed. He knew instantly that that man was the one that had put his brother behind bars. The other gentleman from the House of Commons strongly resembled a weasel but at least had the decency to not carry himself as one. The woman looked about as unprepared as the reporter.
“Yes,” the Wolf snarled. “It’s deadly and potent to the Wolf, but it’s a hinderance to the Change to the Human.”
The cab pulled up outside her flat building and, tossing a wad of bills at the cabbie, he slid out and took another calming breath. “Okay, Sherrinford,” he murmured to himself, “You can do this.”
The information, all read directly from the file in his hands, was quickly confirmed by the Turned man, his hackles slowly lowering and his maw opening in a bored yawn as they continued. Closing the file after his barrage of questions, Sherrinford rose and began walking around the table to the strange Wolf, aware that his scent was pungent with the Lupus sapiens Forest smell. Eddington’s large head cocked, his nostrils flaring. Needing to distract the man, he quickly raised his arm and tossed a tennis ball with a boisterous “Fetch!”
“Yeah,” another man with a rather obnoxious mustache chimed in. “He was a fun bloke. Everyone liked him.”
“That’s it?” John could not believe it, and, honestly, neither could he. There was something that Mycroft wasn’t telling them. “What about Sherrinford?”
Instantly, the shouting stopped, replaced by low murmurings about the seemingly miraculous feat that he had just performed. He glanced up at his elder brother, gaging his reaction to his partial truths. The statesman’s face was in its usual composed mask though the man gave him a small nod.
“Eddington, calm down,” Lestrade said slowly, raising a hand. “I understand where you’re coming from. My one question to you is: Do you want to be humiliated or laughed at for training with the dogs?”
“As far as I know: yes,” she breathed, trying to hide the subtle notes of fear in her voice. “Why do you ask?”
The older man chuckled deep in his chest, snuggling up to him and wrapping his arms about his neck. “Thanks for doing this, Sherlock. It’s really nice to forget about everything for a while.”
Sherlock sighed, ruffling his hair thoughtfully. He didn’t mind the laws. He knew that they irked Sherrinford, who didn’t understand the need for laws governing wolves. He just viewed his natural inclinations as what should be (
Everything was as he had left it. His clothes were still folded neatly on the chair in the corner, his shoes pushed between the legs. He quickly dressed, not knowing when his eldest brother would wish to return to his office to refamiliarize himself with the patients he’d be speaking about this evening. He had no interruptions and was able to slip back into the hallway to search for food.
The hallway was eerily quiet, making him even more nervous than if the hallway was filled with flames or shouting. He quickened his pace and pushed the door open to find the doctor astride the Wolf in a rather compromising position, their chests heaving. Averting his eyes, he interjected, “Sorry!” and quickly moved to close the door again.
has a history that he doesn’t want the public knowing about. A personal vendetta.” Mycroft bent and kissed Benedict’s head before doing the same with Thomas. “That is what I need to uncover in the next two days.”
“Gladly. I just want to head back to my room to drop my things off before we go, you’re welcome to come with me if you’d like.”
John looked up at Sherlock and noticed he was starting at him with a fond smile on his face, “It was good, John, I finished my term paper for my ancient philosophy class where I focused on the Symposium and then I finished up grading the papers of Professor Hudson’s upper level Latin students, the writing was passable but they really need some work, and I needed to get out of my room and go for a walk so now I’m here. Would you care to join me?”
“I’m Mary, Mary Morstan. Do you mind if I sit down?” she asks hesitantly, pointing to the empty desk to his right.
“No not at all, Professor Hudson. Just let me know when to knock and let them all in.” He turned and walked back into the hall and reclined against the wall waiting for people to show up. As people showed up, he kept them busy by talking to them, careful not to reveal anything about the ceremony as it’s quite top secret.
“Yes, Molly. I found the rest of the ingredients and have them all measured according to the instructions.” He paused “Molly, this seems like a bit of a difficult recipe, have you made it before?”
She averted her eyes and pursed her lips and Sherlock thought she looked like she was thinking hard about something “I’d like to do this again sometime.”
“John, I’m afraid I really have to go do homework now. I really enjoyed this and maybe we can do it again sometime?”
“Oh good John you’re here. The officers have done much of the room setup but we need someone outside. Would you mind helping out with keeping the inductees out of the room?”
There was Sherlock on a stone bench staring at a statue of a young boy, who he presumed to be Sherlock and an Irish-Setter who must be his beloved friend Redbeard and he had a tear-stained face and his hands were folded in his lap.
Deciding to forego lunch, Sherlock continued walking towards his dorm, happy that he had made a new friend and knowing that John would be proud of him.
Sherlock doesn’t need to hear anymore before he runs out of the building, tears streaming down his face as he pulls out his phone and frantically searches his contacts for the one he wants.
This fic took quite a turn from what I was originally planning for it, but I'm ok with that as it turned into a bit of a cathartic adventure from all the craziness of my undergrad life.
The snow was still falling steadily and before they went onto the ice with skates, Sherlock walked out on the ice to see if it was thick enough to skate on. All was ok, even after he proceeded to jump on it to make sure.
As he was walking over to the dining hall in the cold and alone, he noticed Mary walking in his direction.
Molly briskly walked to the door of room 221 and sharply knocked, “Sherlock! Sherlock, I know you’re in there. Come on, open up!”
Sherlock was jolted from his daydreaming and reminiscing when the professor raised his monotone voice and stated the class was over as he wrote their assignment on the board. More Kant…great he thought as he hurriedly wrote it in his notebook despite being able to recall it perfectly in his mind. This was his one and only class for the day so he took his time packing up.
“It’s broomball and I’m sure she’d go for you. Besides, it’s a new experience and she seems like the adventurous type.”
All of a sudden, Victor’s eyes glazed over, he smiled and said, “Hello Sherlock, it’s nice to meet you.”
“That I did. I would never just leave without saying goodbye to you. I’m not going to see you for 9 months, you idiot.”
John did end up writing his term paper on the Black Death and was on his way to turn it in to his professor’s post box when he got a text.
The rest of class went by quickly and as soon as it was over, John saw the curly haired boy, Sherlock, he reminded himself, bolt through the door. Sherlock was brilliant, he’d done some talking in class and even corrected the professor a few times and John found himself wanting to get to know him; befriend him.
John set down his fork and crossed his arms on the ledge of the table while leaning in and replied “Um, well, in my free time I like to read and write mostly but I also love to travel.”
A few minutes went by and they were still in need for one more player and that player, based off the rule book, had to be female. Ultimately Mike went over to Mary and suggested that she play.
He didn’t want to have that kind of a regret and as nervous as he was, it was something he had to do.
John proceeded to finish what he started, and he started to run his hands and drag his nails lightly over Sherlock’s body making him arch his back with pleasure. John felt his member twitch; his eyes unconsciously darkening at the sight of skin he was sure was adorned by Gods.
John felt a throbbing in his sex as he traced the thin trail of hair from his navel to the straining member, begging for his attention.
Not far from the tree where John’s snowflake was resting another snowflake was falling. This snowflake was just as beautiful as John’s. It also had six points and fernlike dendrites but once you reached its center, an intricate floral pattern that started with twelve points on the middle ring joined together with another six points creates another pattern of diamonds between them and at the very center of the complex snowflake are three hexagon shapes within each other and three pointed clovers between the first two finally ending in a hexagon shaped star.
John turned his head to look at Sherlock, and his eyes shined with lust and love. He pressed a gentle kiss to his forehead before he leaned down to suck on his left nipple. Sherlock gasped, and moaned against John’s mouths; his voice coming out gruff and colored with awe and desire." Oh God John, that feels so good. Don’t stop!"
She looked pensive for a moment, “Well…you guys are just really flirty with each other and I always see you hugging in the halls and things. If people didn’t know any better, they’d already think you were dating.”
It’s Sherlock’s turn to smile and clasp John’s hand in his “My dear John Watson, back when we met in that first class I knew you would impact my life, I never knew that you would impact it this much. I was going through a rough time and you seeped your way into my heart and became my conductor of light. I can’t thank you enough for that. You’ve seen me at my worst and my best and you managed to love me for me. You saved me and are to this day and for eternity, my greatest and truest friend. I love you, John, now and for always.” And Sherlock slipped and identical band to his onto John’s finger.
John let out a breath he didn’t even know he was holding and said “Just find a time, sooner the better, to gently tell her that you’re not interested in her that way and tell her how much you enjoy her company as a friend. I’m sure everything will be fine.”
And then pocketed his mobile as he ascended the winding staircases to the topmost floor of the building, found his professor’s post box and then began his trek across the grounds to find Sherlock.
Sherlock was still skeptical but nodded despite his reservations. “Alright then, what are we going to do about pots and pans? There seem to be a lack of them despite the fact that we’re in a kitchen.”
“Oh. Well, it’s just that you said you don’t like skating, so I was wondering if you needed help with your laces.”
Both Sherlock and John decided to write their own vows based off the journey that had taken to get to that point.
Victor walked over to the bench, sat down and started playing. At first, Sherlock was too enthralled with how beautifully Victor played but then he really listened to the music and realized it was Archangel by Two Steps from Hell.
John nodded, numb, thanked Mike for letting him know all of that and then changed directions to go to his room instead of the science building.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Clearing his throat, Sherlock said with a slight rasp to his voice, “I fancy you too, I just couldn’t find the words. My sole purpose in going for this walk was to tell you, but you managed before me.” He smiled, eyes shining bright.
Once Sherlock had gotten his violin from his music locker, they meandered around looking for an open practice room in the section of the building where the organs are. Finally they found one; the room was covered in wooden panels (including the floor), a bench and a music stand in the corner.
He left the dining hall and was heading over to the special events room to help the professors out with the setup for the induction.
“I’m more of a classical person, but every once in awhile I enjoy covering other instrumental artists I like.”
“Well I am a second year medical student and I am planning on enlisting in the army. And while I do have a deep love for both history and classics, I’m also studying history. So I’m doubling in pre-med and history.
There was no response as Sherlock was already fast asleep. John kept his eyes on his sleeping face, before he buried his nose in his hair and allowed his eyes to shut; falling asleep to the wondering thought of what tomorrow would bring them.
Ms. Hudson grimaces and says “Yes dear, I know where he is. I’m surprised he hasn’t told you about this himself but, given the circumstances I think you ought to know”
For the next four hours they continued their conversation talking about everything from different periods of history to the classes they were taking. When there was a pause in the conversation, Mary glanced down at her watch and her eyes nearly popped out of her head when she saw what time it was.
Later that night, Sherlock checked his email and saw that he had a message from John. With a grin on his face, he opened it and read what it said.
And aside from the art, the “Metamorphoses” motifs all over the city made him so happy. And of course that brought Sherlock to the forefront of his mind, again. Back home in England, both John and Sherlock had not only studied Ovid in their Latin classes but their history classes as well and now getting to see so much of the artwork surrounding each tragically beautiful tale, he was awestruck. His absolute favorite piece that he’d seen was the “Daphne and Apollo” statue in the Borghese Gallery. It was sculpted by the incredible Bernini and the ability to create something of that beauty from marble is absolutely amazing. It portrays the scene of Daphne running away from the god Apollo who wants her for his own in every way and at the last second before he manages to grab her, she’s turned into a tree. The sculpture captures her transformation from woman to tree and the leaves are paper thin. When John saw that sculpture, he shivered and shed a tear.
She shrugged, “I say, just take it easy. Don’t force anything and see where it goes. I mean it is senior year after all.”
Sherlock just nodded his head and they entered the classroom putting their bags against the wall before heading over to stretch before class began.
The cool April breeze tickled his face and he reveled in the warm sun, smiling as he walked through the canopy of trees leading him to the doors of the commons. While he ambled his way to the café and ordered his usual grilled cheese sandwich and chips, he surveyed the room and as soon as she found Molly, he walked to the table and sat down.
Before Sherlock can talk himself even more into a hole, Victor comes back over with a large steaming mug and a sandwich. Placing the mug and the plate down on the table, he sat down with a contented sigh.
“No. I mean she likes you in a romantic way. The ice skating and the dinners and the baking thing tomorrow just the two of you, those are all romantic things to do with someone. I mean you can do them as friends yes, but I know she has other friends and the fact that she wants to do these things alone with you, that tells me she’s interested in you.”
John’s smiling face appeared on the screen and even though it was extremely pixilated, he was happy to see his friend again.
He chuckled and rested his arms on the ledge “You don’t need to know much beyond that. Just think of football and hockey and if you combine the two minus some padding, and you have broomball.”
“Today is an anniversary of sorts for Sherlock, not a very good one mind you but it is one nonetheless. You may or may not know this but when Sherlock was a child, he had a lovely dog named Redbeard. He was an Irish Setter and Sherlock’s first and only true friend.”
Sherlock adored the orchestra here. He would never want to be in it himself because sometimes listening is better. Letting the music surround you and wrap you up in its tendrils. Sherlock’s favorite piece of the night was called Turtledove. The strings section was superb in that piece and Sherlock, though he would never admit it, shed a tear.
Sherlock nodded and found himself smiling more. He hadn’t connected with someone like this since John. By the end of the night, he had Victor’s phone number and a link to his youtube channel and a promise for more hangouts. He walked back to his apartment with a small smile on his face.
John had just finished a day of shopping and last minute packing and he was eating dinner before he went to the Einaudi concert. He returned back to England tomorrow and this was the best gift to himself as a las hurrah.
John’s crush on Mary became more and more prominent, to the point that his friends had started noticing and asking him about it, and one day, as John was leaving the biology lab, his friend Mike Stamford cornered him and asked him about it.
They kissed again and as they did, somewhere their snowflakes had joined and created a new shape, their lives entwining as Sherlock’s and John’s had.
He couldn’t refuse him and so he grudgingly looked back into John’s eyes and was surprised by the emotion he saw there, “You, Sherlock. I fancy you.”
John waits patiently for her to continue very curious as to what she could have to say and also nervous about where Sherlock could be.
Jumping forward to present day, John finally gets out of bed and after washing up he makes his way out to the sitting area where he expects to find Sherlock but the detective is nowhere to be found. Thinking that maybe he’d gone for a walk, John puts some tea on and makes himself some breakfast. As he eats he can’t help but think what had gotten into his crazy flatmate, and decides to text him.
Sherlock shifted nervously, and tried to cover himself up; uncertainty laced throughout his voice as he whispered quietly: "John, why are you staring at me like that?"
John couldn’t help but be taken in with every song despite the fact he knew almost every one. He was hearing them as new, since he was first seeing them live now.
Normally, John would take his time and meander paths and explore but, today, he made straight for the pond at the very top of the stairs and sat on the bench setting his journal down on his left and took a deep breath. As he took in the grey sky and watched the rain hit the water making it ripple, he trapped himself in his mind and thought. John sat forward putting his head in his hands and let out a sigh. Then glancing up, towards the fountain, he saw two ducks gliding gracefully across the water.
After his conversation with John the other night he had a feeling he knew where this was going “I did too Molly.”
“Well I did a bit of figure skating when I was younger along with ballet until before university and since skating is dance on ice, I still have the skills ingrained in my body that it’s almost a second nature to me, even though it’s been a few years.”
John squeezes his hand “I understand Sherlock and I am so sorry. Know that I will be here with you for as long as you allow it.” Sherlock nods his head and clasps his hand with John’s intertwining their fingers.
Once he got to his apartment, he barged into his room and grabbed his journal and a pen and quickly wrote:
John sat in his chair aching, just thinking about a little Sherlock all alone except his lovely dog and Sherlock had never told him any of this. Before John could say so, Ms. Hudson continued:
So with that in mind, John got settled into his chair, put on a nice movie and drifted off to sleep.
“Ok Mary, so the object is to get the ball into the net, if you’ve ever followed or played football, the positioning and rules are very similar to that. With me so far?”
Satisfied with his wishes he turned around and studied the faces of the statues carved to create the gorgeous fountain and waited for his roommate to finish his turn and once done, they headed back to the hotel to get ready for their return journey.
“Well today is the anniversary of his death; August 27. Sherlock created a memorial for him in one of his favorite places and he usually spends all day there when he goes. Even though it’s been years it still affects him so much. I’m so glad he has you now John. How you’ve been with him all these years and even now is the happiest I’ve seen him in a very long time.”
Sherlock looked into John’s eyes, hoping to convey what he wanted with a look, but he still got a perplexed look, so Sherlock did the only thing left. He lifted his right hand and cupped John’s face and lifted his left hand and put it on John’s back. John sighed and his eyes closed as he leaned into the caress and Sherlock leaned in until he was an inch away from John’s face, but before he could hesitate, John closed the gap as the breeze swirled around them bringing the scent of lilacs to their noses.
John wakes up in a daze. As he stretches he realizes that the other side of the bed is empty. It hasn’t been empty in little under a year, since he and Sherlock had gotten together. It was after the whole Mary fiasco played out and John learned the truth; that Sherlock had flat lined that fateful day when he was shot. He hadn’t realized how symbolic that all was of how they were both feeling.
He stood up and extended his hand to her and she grasped his hand while she ungracefully stood up. She kept his hand in hers for longer than was necessary but realizing that quickly let his hand go turning a shade of red that was not from the cold as she embarked out on the ice. After a moment, Sherlock followed.
John just finished his last final yesterday and was finally getting a night to relax before all the graduation events began. It was Tuesday evening and as he sat back in his chair, he couldn’t help but think about Sherlock. He’d been harboring his feelings for him for quite awhile and figured that tomorrow on their walk around campus, that he would finally tell him.
John chanced a look at Sherlock through his eyelashes and Sherlock sat there still as a statue, “Sherlock?” No response, so John repeated his name before gently putting his hand on his lower arm trying to look into his eyes.
She stopped in her tracks and looked for the source of the sound and smiled when she saw John standing there in his brown jacket and blue scarf, “Hey John!”
“I mean every word you know. You really are something special.” With that he kissed his head and Sherlock froze.
John carried Sherlock lovingly in the strong cradle of his arms, and moved into his bedroom so he could place him on the queen sized bed. John stepped back and smiled at Sherlock; letting his eyes roam fully over his body, admiring not only the breath taking beauty he encompassed, but also the contrast of his skin to the purple sheets that covered the mattress.
John felt a tightening in his chest, and gasped for a breath before he leaned mere inches forward and reveled in the heat that coursed through his body the second his soft lips touched Sherlock’s own. His arms tightened around Sherlock, and he groaned softly as his teeth softly dug into his lip; his tongue cautiously moving forward and asking for entrance; which Sherlock eagerly gifted.
John lowered himself to his forearms, and rested his forehead against his clavicle as he allowed his animal instinct take over him. His hips pistoned into his, and he panted heavily against Sherlock’s sweaty skin.
And then John brought his hands up to Sherlock’s face; one resting on his cheek and the other at the nape of his neck, and he leaned in and brought Sherlock’s lips to his in a kiss filled with promise and joy. When they broke apart their cheeks both flush from the cold, they clasped hands, thanked Mycroft and walked back down the path; the one that would lead them to new adventures and new memories, but no matter what, they would do it together. They continued walking, as snow silently fell around them.
She ran up to the ball and as soon as she swung her stick and sent the ball flying, she wiped out and landed on her face. The game kept on and soon she was getting up and yelling at her teammates directions on where to go. What she didn’t see however, was Mike running toward her teammate and ultimately stole the ball from him barreling back down towards their goal. Mike had just sent the ball flying towards the goal and the whistle was blown by the ref signaling the end of the game. And what makes it worse, the ball had gone in the goal.
He passed the blue Christmas tree and the Nativity scene near the Duomo and continued walking the cobbled streets past Santa Maria Novella and down the narrow street straight ahead that led to the river. While he normally crosses the river, this time he turned before the bridge and walked along the water until he came to the brightly lit “Teatro Communale”. He checked his watch and saw that he had plenty of time before the concert started at 21:00, but he went in regardless, too excited to wait.
John loved every second of the trip because not only did he get to soak up all the history that he had read so much about but he got to see all the incredible art; whether it was mosaics or paintings, sculptures or tapestries, each one was different and you could see the mastery that each artist put into each brush stroke or each stitch. This whole experience abroad gave John a whole new thing to love; art.
Sherlock’s eyes brightened up at the word snow and he replied “I love the snow, what did you have in mind? I’d prefer just a walk in the woods to gather samples to look at but I’m open to other options.”
“It’s a Friday night, and you’re holed up inside this room doing god knows what, when I’ve found out that there’s going to a be a snow storm tomorrow! We have to do something this weekend.” Molly said with a grin on her face, her hands clasped together.
“Alright” she replied and then they left the dining hall, starting their long walk across campus chatting animatedly the whole way.
Well here goes nothing, he thought “I just wanted to let you know that I really like you and I was wondering if you’d like to go on a date sometime.” He let out a large gust of air that he didn’t know he was holding and waited anxiously for her reply.
Once their laughter died down a bit, John saw his chance, “You know Sherlock, speaking of rainbows there’s something I want to talk to you about.” John got quiet for a minute, suddenly feeling his hands sweat as he angled his body towards Sherlock’s.
Molly swallowed and could see that she was trying hard to fight back tears “I really enjoy your company as well and I’m sorry if I’ve made this uncomfortable.”
“She said that you had parted on good terms but that she saw it coming a mile away and is “glad it’s over with”.”
Sherlock was surprised “But she’s never said anything and I’m not interested in her that way. How do you suggest I go about telling her that? I really enjoy her company.”
Sherlock nodded, and they continued wandering among the wooded area until they came to an obscure vined bench that was near a small stream. Sherlock noticed that John was limping slightly due to a rugby injury he sustained several years prior and suggested they sit.
On their way back to the dorms, Victor grabbed Sherlock’s hand and they ran towards the arches dividing the school from the park. Victor led Sherlock to a bench and they sat down to catch their breath, letting the snow swirl around them gracefully.
John’s smile was tender, and he couldn't help the soft chuckle that broke through his lips. He stepped up to his and wrapped his arms loosely around Sherlock’s lower back; his thumb brushing against the silky material covering his skin. "You're absolutely sure?" he asked, one of his hands rising to touch under his chin. "Because I love you no matter if you're ready or not, and I would never, ever want to push you."
John’s heart sunk at those words. Mary had known about his feelings all those months and had just strung him out. Mike wasn’t finished however and continued.
As it turns out, Mary did want to go to the game, so at 8:00 PM, she showed up at the ice rink. She spotted the team and gave a small wave and Mike waved back. He slid over to John who was wearing goalie gear and tapped him on the shoulder while pointing to where Mary was standing. John’s head swiveled around and found her standing at the edge of the rink and shuffled over to her. And just then Mary noticed that they were in their street shoes, but before she could voice her question, John spoke.
“Oh I’ll just be on the continent and every few weeks I’ll travel around, finishing off my credits. Each country will be a different subject that’s not chemistry. Should be fun”
John is standing in a snowy wooded clearing, with a radiant smile on his face in a beautiful white suit with a boutonniere of ivy representing marriage, the bond friendship and lasting affection eagerly awaiting Sherlock’s journey down the snowy path that leads to him so they can pledge themselves to each other in marriage.
They left the special events room, Sherlock grabbed his long black wool coat and blue scarf and then they trekked across campus to Sherlock’s dorm.
Sherlock is absolutely and horrendously bored. Sitting in the second row of his Rise of Enlightened Thinkers class, Sherlock couldn’t help but cast his eyes at the clock every 5 minutes or let his thoughts wander to how John Watson was doing on his study abroad in Italy. He missed him terribly and counted down the days to John’s return. In total there were 263 days without him and now at the beginning of September he had 157 to go.
He let out a breath “Oh. Ok. Maybe some other time. Good luck studying then.” And then he went up and hugged her.
John returned his fingers to his mouth to wet the again and then settled his palm against his belly and slowly slid the two fingers slick from his own mouth onto his tight member. He threw himself against his hand and cried out Sherlock’s name, squirming and sobbing softly at the pleasure he was seconds from achieving. Sherlock panted and begged for John, but John had a plan for something else, and eagerly ducked his head to replace his tongue where his fingers had been caressing and teasing the small nubs again.
“I’m doing just fine. Hang on my order’s finished, I’ll be right back” As he walks away, Sherlock can’t help but think about how terrible this is going to be. Yes him and Victor have started talking more, but actually sitting, having warm drinks on a fall day in the local café? That seems a bit different.
After lunch, on Wednesday, Sherlock and John met up outside the dining hall. John was dressed in Sherlock’s favorite jumper and slacks, his windswept hair waving gently as he walked toward Sherlock, who as always, was dressed in an oxford button down shirt, a sport coat and dress pants, but unlike normal, he did not have a tie today. Once they met up and exchanged pleasantries, John suggested that they head toward the arboretum to begin their walk.
She just chuckled in reply and said “Thanks. Now I’m really cold and I’m already starting to feel my bruises start to form, so can we maybe head back to the dorms or somewhere warm?”
They started walking back to the dorms, both pensive and when they arrived they just stood around, John looking at the ground shuffling his left foot back and forth and Mary masking a smile while sticking her hands in her pocket and looking at the door.
After Einaudi played every song from his new album, he had a brief break and played solo. He played all of John’s favorite pieces from “Fly” to “Divenire”.
When he finishes eating and cleaning up, and he still hasn’t heard from Sherlock, he decides to make a visit to Ms. Hudson and see if she knows where Sherlock’s got off to.
John’s arms shook, and reluctantly and tenderly, he pulled off of John; falling to his side and wrapping his arm tight around Sherlock’s quivering and crying form. John gently kissed Sherlock’s neck, and John cradled Sherlock against his chest when he had gained enough energy to roll onto his side and snuggle against him.
And the next morning when he was on the plane home, he cried; for himself and for what their friendship would become.
“John Watson, second year medical student who has a deep love for history and classics, courting Mary Morstan. You’re also planning on enlisting in the army once you’re finished with university.”
Glancing out the window on their way out, Sherlock saw that it was snowing and once they got outside, they realized just how much had fallen in a short period of time.
“No not at all, Mary.” he replies as he gestures to the seat. She sits gracefully down and just as she’s about to continue the conversation, the professor walks in and trailing her is a tall boy with ridiculously curly hair in a black suit.
This chapter was particularly difficult for me to write, not only because of everything I wanted to include but also because what Sherlock went through is something I've experienced as well and I just needed to write it and get it out there.
As December rolls around and with it finals and Christmas break, Sherlock is ecstatic with his new “relationship” with Victor. Not much has changed, they still go to dinner regularly, they still go to practice rooms and play pieces for each other. The only thing that’s new is that they hold hands and on occasion cuddle.
“Thank you, John, I’m glad I got to share something like this with you.” Sherlock replied and snuggled into John’s body.
John Watson walks into his Intermediate Latin class in a daze. The first few days of his second year at university have all been a blur; constantly running from the bookstore to the supply shop and then to his room, it’s only been a day into the new term and he’s exhausted.
Irene looked from Molly to Sherlock and back and smiled slyly “I’ll stay until they’re cool, but then I’ll take a cookie and head out.”
“Of course we’ll be in touch, you twat! Now come on, give me a hug before you leave. I don’t want us to leave upset.”
“It was excellent! Since it’s nearing the end of term, we’re talking about the Black Death, and that’s one of my favorite topics. I’m actually hoping to write my final term paper on it, being interested in medicine as well as history, I think it could be a great topic for me. How was your day?”
John helped Sherlock to his feet, and brought his fingertips to his jaw; imprisoning his lips against his own with a burning passion that heated his body from the inside out. John groaned as he passed his palm over his tented cock once again, before he pulled Sherlock to a standing position; and he made away with the red boxers.
“Defense. So keep the ball away from the goal as much as possible and don’t be afraid to slide. We’ve all got our fair share of bruises and cuts from these games.”
Sherlock startled slightly and glanced over at John, “Yes. It was fine. How about your exams? Latin and immunology?”
Come early March, the Classics Society inductions rolled around and while John was already a member, he enjoyed going to the events.
Breathing in a shaky breath against Sherlock’s lips; John rested his palms against his developed pectorals. He felt the muscles quiver under his touch, and allowed his fingers to twitch forward, so that his nails could scratch against Sherlock’s skin.
Ms. Hudson replied with a smile “Now I know you probably want to find Sherlock, am I right?” John nodded again and she continued “I thought so, the monument is near Regents Park as that was their favorite place to play. Do you know the pond with the willow?”
On his last day in Rome, John is heading to the Trevi Fountain with one of his roommates. They finished their packed itinerary yesterday and have the morning to themselves before they have to head back to Florence. The entire trip to Rome was incredible. They of course went to all of the typical places like the Roman Forum, Capitoline Hill, the Colosseum and the Vatican, but they also got to go to other places like the Villa Farnese on the other side of the river, and the Borghese Gallery.
Come November, many concerts came up and being music students, there are so many concerts you are required to go to. Not surprisingly, Sherlock hadn’t gone to any. When Victor learned of this, he dragged him along whenever he went, which was often. The first concert they went to was the school philharmonia. Sherlock thoroughly enjoyed that one and looked forward to going to more. The next one was one of the madrigal choirs; neither Sherlock nor Victor loved that one, but they kind of suspected going in. Third was Baroque night which Sherlock knew John would’ve loved had he been there and finally, the Orchestra home concert. They had just gotten back from tour.
So Sherlock melted the butter and carefully melted the chocolate with it over a pot of boiling water. In the meantime, Molly took care of beating the eggs, vanilla and espresso powder and sugar together. When it came time for the combination of the two as well as the folding in of the flour, baking powder and salt, Sherlock took care of that while Molly combined the chocolate chips, peanut butter chips and nuts with the remaining flower before Sherlock folded that into the mixture. Finally, it was time to put them on the sheets and bake them.
“I don’t want to go either Sherlock. Sadly I’m afraid I must soon because I have class early tomorrow.”
Molly rolled her eyes fondly and watched Sherlock skate away into a spinning jump and landed with a smile, glancing over at Molly to see her awed expression before chasing after him (she clearly got her ice legs back).
Sherlock left the call feeling a bit melancholy. He missed John terribly and was a bit concerned about the Molly situation that he was facing but then he was glad he had them both as friends.
“Yeah. I realized it when I was in Florence, but the feelings have probably been there longer than that and I just –” he hesitated, “it’s ok if you don’t feel the same way, but I couldn’t hold it in any longer.”
“Then she mentioned how she’s going abroad next term and said that she’s excited because all the foreign boys would be all over her. Well after that I changed the subject because I didn’t want to hear about it anymore. I can’t help but wonder if she mentioned all of this to me because she forgot we’re mates or if she deliberately did it to hurt you. Either way looks like you dodged a bullet with that one!”
The room they entered had wooden paneling and red carpeting, wooden chairs and tables that looked to be made of mahogany and pictures of significant people who went to their school. Once all the inductees were seated, the ceremony began and it being top secret, there’s not much that can be said. However, it involved a lot of Latin, Greek and signing of books.
Once the concert ended and they went up and told some of the musicians how incredible their playing was, they headed out.
Irene and Sherlock were still chatting away, when a new boy came up and started his stretches near Sherlock. Irene took one look at the new guy and knew what he was trying to do, smirked and started up a conversation.
John never got around to having any conversations with Sherlock nor did he have any more real conversations with Mary again until the beginning of November.
“Look John, I like you too but just as friends. I’m really not looking for anything right now especially since I’ll be going abroad next term. I’m sorry.”
“Well, I might be starting to have feelings for you. I don’t know what it is about you but I really like you Sherlock. When you asked earlier why it was that I stay, it about killed me inside. You’re a really special person and you’re slowly becoming someone I cherish.”
Sherlock smiled and glided over to her with ease, helping her up “It’s alright Molly. I’m sure you’ll be back at it in no time.”
“No Mike! I have no idea how the rules work beyond the fact that it’s on ice, played in street shoes and that you score goals with small plastic sticks.”
One day, however, Sherlock found himself sitting at the local café just having a nice cup of tea and some biscuits, when all of a sudden Victor walks in. Sherlock is of course sitting in plain sight and Victor smiles and walks over.
Molly stumbled a bit and looked at him with her brown doe eyes “Well I just thought that since we’re in this frankly awful class together that maybe from time to time we could discuss the readings or read each other’s papers or something.”
They stay there in that spot, looking at that statue and holding each other for the rest of the day; full of emotion but glad to be in the safety of each other’s arms.
They talked for a little while about what he was taking in Florence; Love, Beauty and Eros in Renaissance Italy, Art and Architecture in Medieval Italy, Italian and Patrons and Artists. He enjoyed all of his classes except for the first as the teacher was dull and not that good at being a teacher. Sherlock filled him in on his classes; Ancient Rome with the Latin language component, violin lessons, his dull Rise of Enlightened Thinkers, a class on Judaism, Corpse and Corpus (a class about looking at medieval literature and talking about death and science) and finally a ballet class.
. This topic has been, and continues to be, a topic of hot debate. I ask that everyone approach this topic with an open and understanding mind. While they are rare - less than two thousand live here in Britain, werewolves do live among us and some of you may even know one. Can you do that?”
She, in turn, had told him about her childhood which was as lonely as his. She was the younger child of two and her parents doted on her. She had always wanted to be with other children, as her older brother never let her tag along. It was probably why she became a teacher and it was why she wanted her own children someday. Sherrinford, the youngest of three, had grinned at that, saying that he was glad to have two brothers, even if the eldest could be an overbearing busybody and the middle child was, well...apparently there were no words to accurately describe Sherlock Holmes besides ‘giant git.’ Despite the fact that his two elder siblings were certainly not typical, the veterinarian said that he couldn’t imagine life without them now that he had returned home for good.
The couple visibly relaxed, smiles becoming less terrified and more genuine. “Thank you,” Molly murmured, covering his hand with hers and squeezing it tenderly. “I don’t know how to thank you enough.”
He gestured, as best he was able, with his head, asking his sister-in-law to place the babe at his side. His scent, mingled with Sherlock’s, and their closeness should push him into his other form.
“I wouldn’t have shot them!” the detective interjected haughtily, “I wanted to shoot out the window.”
“They’re barely trained and certainly not what I would call professional,” the consulting detective muttered. “Any hint of a footprint or tread mark left by the killer has been obscured by your people. We’ve got to hope that Jack can pick something up. If not, we’ll have to wait another twenty-seven days.”
The detective yipped, cocking an eyebrow muscle. “A pair of pups, then,” he responded. The wolf nodded, his face amused but weary, not used to keeping up with the younger, natural born wolf as well as his thirteen year old daughter. Mycroft had the apartment door open for them, probably alerted to their return by the corporeal at the gate, a small smile on his face. “Did we have a good time?” he asked pointedly, looking at the wolves. One, his child’s fingers and legs still wrapped around his thinly muscled body, had suddenly become serious, his blue eyes focused on the older man. Sherlock leaned further into him, protectively, his ears pitched forward.
Sherlock held in a snort knowing that Sherrinford was definitely gritting his teeth and holding in a growl. “I thought
she thought, her mouth twisting a bit. Her father continued, “I saw Thomas Shift today. Apparently, he’s been doing it constantly since Sherrinford was injured.” The man chuckled. “He’s the cutest Pup I’ve ever seen.”
A hand gripped his arm tightly. “I know. You see Thomas as a little you and you don’t want him to live your life. I understand that but don’t put that responsibility on yourself, don’t do it. What you’re doing now - outside of the family - is already changing that. You’re helping your species, including Thomas and all of your patients. You’re changing their lives, Sherrinford.”
Trials would begin in a few days, he assumed, once everyone had recovered and could testify. The evidence collected via Imogen’s hidden camera and his own wire would be damning enough, but the injured Lupus sapiens, the rather libertine shooting style of the Earl, and the vast number of eye witnesses would be enough to put Kensington and his Hunter family behind bars for a long time.
The other man sighed again, scratching his ears and making his tags jingle. “Thanks, Sherlock.” The fingers in his fur twitched as he pressed closer, practically pulling his rather massive body into the man’s lap. “I miss nights like this. When it’s just us and there’s nothing hanging over our heads.”
“I’m hanging up now,” he stated, moving to do just that, “I don’t need to tell you to lay low, do I Sherrinford?”
He took a few more steps towards the door before Molly’s voice stopped him again, her words stopping him in his tracks like a bullet to the chest. “We’re not your parents, Sherrinford.”
Evelyn was safely tucked into bed, asleep. Short, auburn fur coated the comforter beside her. Sherrinford had replaced Sherlock as her bedmate. A spot he would be returning to once this ‘Pack Meeting’ had concluded. He had called it, as was his right as the Alpha’s Mate, not wanting to wait until morning to discover what had gone wrong tonight.
“Of course,” his Mate insisted, even as Evelyn sighed, moping that she wouldn’t be able to spend time with her favorite uncle. As if sensing her disappointment, he watched his sibling wrap the girl in a side hug, an arm slung about her shoulders, nose pressed into her hair.
As if sensing that she was thinking about him, a soft whine followed by a couple of faint scratches came from the doors. Mycroft sighed, rolling his eyes. “Let him in,” she murmured. “You know that Sherlock will do the same when he arrives.”
, the soldier mouthed as his Mate continued to blather on, his brain slowly dying of boredom as it tended to do whenever he solved a case.
Her uncle, admittedly her favorite great-uncle while she was growing up, simply looked at the hand, his own appendages wrapped tightly around his cane. Due to his rather obese figure, he looked like a smug toad, eyeing a fly that landed just a bit too close. “Ah, yes. The Wolf.”
“Sherlock,” the eldest Holmes’ hissed, shaking the middle brother from his canine behavior. The other man shook his head and moved to stand beside them, crossing his arms over his chest.
The twins mumbled half-hearted apologies at each other. “Thank you,” he said, giving both of them a one-armed hug and placing a kiss on each curly head. “Now go to the car. Your mother and I will join you shortly.”
The new twins were still sleeping, one in the arms of Evelyn and one in the arms of their father. With a small smile, he gave Mycroft a nod and headed to bed, beyond exhausted. “Let me know if you need anything,” he muttered before exiting the nursery and entering his own room where he promptly collapsed on his bed.
him, ten years ago when I first bit him. I sealed his death warrant in my anger, my rage. My anguish. My
Of course, now that the media circus was partially over, the greatest task would be at hand. Her boyfriend had to meet her mother and she had to ‘kill’ him.
“Don’t we know it,” he muttered, following his turgid wife down the steps, still thinking that she was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.
), he responded that it was due to his close proximity to Wolves on a regular basis. They believed that his knowledge came from his years of study on the continent before returning to the United Kingdom for veterinary school and he let them think that. His job here, on the moors at Baskerville, had made him feel like he was making up for his past mistakes. Many of the Turned came here for the Full Moon, and the facilities were well-equipped, all to his standards.
Blue eyes, widened, blinking at him as her breath became shallow. Afraid that he had frightened her, he flattened his ears against his skull and tenderly licked her fingers. Her brow furrowed and she murmured, “Uncle Sherrinford?”
His nose led him to a set of three tables at the back of the pub. The wolves lurked in the rear shadows, pints of half consumed Guinness placed in front of them. They were all somber, eyes down at the water rings on the tables. They were all wearing black. Tilting his head slightly while standing ramrod straight, he approached the nearest group who eyed him warily.
He shot Lestrade, who looked utterly dumbfounded and obviously overwhelmed by seeing a Shift for the first time, a pointed look.
“Come in,” his youngest sibling murmured, taking coats and setting them haphazardly on a chair, “Mycroft will be glad that you’ve come.”
He whined in response, before panting his greetings. The motion jostled the girl behind him, who shifted, rolling away with a deep sigh. Carefully, he hopped off the bed and trotted past the doctor, giving him a gentle nudge before slipping out the door. His claws beat a tattoo on the hardwood as he skittered past a composed Sherlock, deep in his Mind Palace, and across the hall into his small bed room, closing the door behind himself.
The woman beside him rubbed her stomach gingerly, a slight pain flickering across her features, drawing his attention as well as Mycroft’s. “Are you alright, Darling?”
His latest date with Imogen had gone splendidly. He realized shortly into the second date that, even after a night of making a complete *ss of himself at trivia (He knew
“I don’t think it’s an issue of Moon nights, Eddington,” he sighed, leaning back in his chair. “It’s the days that seem to be the issue. I’ll see what I can do, both in and out of this department. I want you to feel like you’re making a difference. You are, Eddington, you really are, but if you don’t feel that way, I’m sure I can make something happen.”
“Alright, mate,” Lestrade said, rising and heading out to get his own K13, one of his best officers, for the test that could change the course of history. The man’s steps echoed around the room, as did the squeal of the gym door’s hinges. “Eddington, you’re up.”
“Famished,” he replied, his eyes still on his brother who had moved the Pup to his shoulder and was patting his back tentatively. “You don’t need to burp him in that form, you know. He can digest everything just fine.”
“I wouldn’t jump to conclusions, Sherlock,” his younger brother cut in. “But, yes, some are still becoming lost, fighting their instincts instead of working with them. It’s more of a nuisance than anything else, really, seeing as I can only do so much and some of the other Facility heads are less than helpful.”
The twins were both nodding vigorously, their eyes larger than their half-empty dinner plates. “Good,” he continued with a small smile, leaning back, “Because I’m going to be running about here and I’m going to need a lot of help about the house. It’s awful not having thumbs.”
“Of course, Brother Dear,” the British government stated, tilting his head as he looked at him fixedly. “How is the case coming?”
He rolled his eyes at the sentiment, not wanting to scoff again and upset his shoulder. The other man’s smile turned into a smirk. “I know. Sentiment.” His mercurial eyes flickered back to the Pup who had started to kick his legs a bit, as if he were chasing a squirrel. “The Pups bring it out. Call it Alpha instinct.” The older man paused, fixing him in his now steely gaze. “Don’t get used to it.”
The red-headed man shook his head once, his eyes downcast. “Lord Kensington has introduced an addendum to the Law that will place every Lupus sapiens into quasi-concentration camps with armed guards and surveillance. Arranged visiting hours through glass or bars. K13s working only in Wolf form with muzzles and leashes, shackled into doghood and picked up or dropped off at the ‘kennel’ each day. No one else works or has a right to leave.”
His fingers set to work, pulling the bow across the strings while others danced the tune out. He knew that Sherrinford had left, his perfume lingering a bit before fading.
The woman smiled at him, her cheeks coloring into a beautiful shade of pink that caused her eyes to shine brilliantly. “It was my pleasure, Dr. Holmes.” Her smile deepened as she broke eyes contact and tilted her head, flushing, exposing her ivory neck. “It is so rare for my students to be exposed to people who are making history. It was kind of you to come in and donate your time.”
Molly’s slightly pink face appeared above him “Oh!” she breathed as her visage disappeared from the glass. “Kids,” he heard her slightly muffled voice through the door, “Run along and play. I’ll take care of our visitor.”
He inhaled the jumble scent of thirty-one other bodies and focused on Mycroft. While the other Alpha caused him to bristle, he was Pack, and that was a comfort, however small. His fingers fumbled with the buttons before his shirt came free and was shortly joined by his trousers and his socks. His pants were a lost cause. He was not an object to be ogled regardless of his usual sense of propriety (or lack thereof) in front of his Pack members.
. He grinned, his teeth flashing. His brother had just confirmed his theory, though he’d never admit that Imogen Crowley was a surprise. There was a plan in motion and now they had to wait a couple of weeks to enact it.
“Myc?” she whispered as the contraction passed. Her husband snored on, rolling onto his side. “MYC!” she hissed, giving him a shake.
, Sherlock realized, releasing an apologetic whine as he licked the retreating hand of his lover. The hand he’d licked instantly forgave him with a ruffle of the shaggy, curled fur between his ears. “I know that I’m starving. I’m sure that Sherlock is probably hungry as well.”
Sherrinford nodded before exposing a bit of his neck. Mycroft similarly nodded, helping Molly carry the bowls of pasta over to their table. It would be a bit crowded with six people, but they would make due. Pack loved each other, after all.
He raised his hand and slowly pushed the buzzer to Imogen Crowley’s flat, praying that she was in and that he hadn’t woken her.
it, Sherlock.” John sighed, shifting a bit from foot to foot to shake off the built-up tension. “Look, I know that this is hard for you...this...waiting around for things to happen, but, please, this time, sit it out. For Evy. For me.”
The woman smiled at him from the stove where she was scrambling eggs. “No problem. The babies were keeping me up anyway. Might as well make breakfast!”
The single syllable world hit the man beside her hard, making him flinch, his pride wounded. After a moment of silence, he stammered, “I am sorry that you think that, Sir-”
His introduction was greeted by laughter, as he had hoped. The growing crowd was here to see him, after all. He had been all over the news, plastered on page and screen alike for the last two weeks or more.
“It is my pleasure to bring you around my facility this evening, though I will be unable to answer all of your questions.” He paused, again greeted by laughter.
A relieved exhale reached her ears as the man rested his head agains the glass. “Thank you, Imogen. I-I don’t know how to repay you. I know that it can’t be easy, going against your family.”
A rumble, weak, human growls, erupted. A thrill of terror raced through him and he froze. The hair on the back of his neck rose and he fought back the growl that threatened to overflow his bounds. Mycroft’s hand slapped him on the shoulder, snapping him back to reality. He inhaled shakily. “Thanks.”
He smiled back, sitting with a long sigh. “I simply needed to take care of a few things first. You know, it’s not easy living in a museum slash research facility.”
The laughter shook him from his thoughts. “What?” he asked, a bit bewildered and very frustrated, a sensation that he really didn’t enjoy.
The detective gave a small, tight-lipped smile before briefly embracing the younger man, each scenting the other lightly. “Thank you for the invitation, Sherrinford. It promises to be quite a night for everyone, I think.”
“I need Jack. Preferably now,” the man commanded, his mobile already out of his pocket, fingers flying over the keys.
Paramedics streamed out of the building, their eyes widening at the being in his arms. Thankfully, they gently but swiftly took the wolf from his arms and laid him on a gurney. “It’s a bullet wound!” he was shouting, unable to stop, following the medical staff as they wheeled his brother into the building, “Right clavicle. He’s lost a lot of blood. He can’t shift back - he’s too weak. Save him! He’s my little brother!”
he mused, unable to remember a time when Mycroft was this vulnerable. He understood, of course. This first Shift was so crucial to both the parents and the Pup: It was where relationships were solidified or demolished. Unlike with his own parents, Thomas’ loved him as he was. Mycroft’s mouth opened as his fingers traced the Pup’s muzzle. The mouth opened and a tiny tongue escaped, lapping at the statesman’s index finger. “Hello, Precious Boy,” the older man breathed, an awed expression on his face. It melted his heart and he allowed himself a brief, lupine smile.
