It was weird, of course. This wasn’t the type of life he imagined for himself years ago, but there was nothing to complain about. He was happy, really. Happier than he had been in a long time. Mostly because of Iron Man. Steve hadn’t even noticed before how happy the man really made him.
“No. Actually, I’m not sure how to take care of these kittens,” Steve admitted. It felt kind of embarrassing to voice that out loud. A man like him doesn’t know how to take care of some kittens. Iron Man must be appalled. “You see, I found these little guys from an empty alleyway, inside this very same box. They seemed so sick and unfed, obviously abandoned to survive on their own. I couldn’t just leave them there to starve. I had to do something, you get me?”
While working, the two of them also had some general small talk. They mainly talked about their work. Steve told Iron Man about the latest adventures of the Avengers, and in return Iron Man told him about the latest updates of his armor. It felt nice to have someone to talk to properly, and after everything was set up, Iron Man left, leaving Steve and the kittens together in the mansion.
“Good morning. What brings you here today?” Steve asked and winced a little, as Dorothy bit his foot in protest. Her teeth had grown and were sharper than they looked. Almost like nails.
Iron Man looked around the room, and then picked up a cloth from the floor. Steve hadn’t even noticed it before, which now felt kind of foolish, if he was being completely honest. “Thank you,” Steve murmured, as Iron Man handed him the cloth. “Anytime,” he responded.
Tony sighed. “Iron Man uh… He’s not feeling too well at the moment.” Steve’s heart sank a little after hearing those words. He didn’t let himself get incredibly panicked, but Iron Man not feeling well didn’t mean anything good.
But as it turned out, everything wasn’t as simple as Steve first thought. The first time trying to properly feed the kittens was a nightmare. He tried to feed the kittens one at a time with a syringe, but he made the mistake of sitting on the couch during feeding. He soon found himself trying to prevent three kittens from jumping on the floor from the couch, while also trying to feed one carefully. The kittens were more active than he had originally thought.
As it turned out, Iron man hadn’t eaten anything yet. He was feeling too ill. It honestly shocked Steve, when he found out that the only thing Iron Man had done the whole day, was just sitting by that machine, plugged in.
“Well, to be honest, the kittens weren’t the only thing I came here to see,” Tony revealed. “I did come here to check up on you, too.”
Walter kept trying to jump off of the table, but Steve kept stopping him. It must have annoyed Walter, because after a while he started to bite Steve’s fingers. It didn’t hurt, because the kitten’s teeth were still quite small. Steve just gently moved his hand on the table while Walter used it as his chewing toy.
“I appreciate your concern, but I feel like I’m making the right call. Iron Man and I have been through a lot together. To be completely honest, I feel like the time I’ve spent with Iron Man has been the best time of my life. He makes me happy, really, and less lonely. And I’d like to think that I make him feel the same way, too.
Tony shrugged. “I was just in the neighborhood and wanted to check on my favorite Avenger and his little companions.” Just after saying this, he peered inside through the door. “Are they here? Or have you given them away already?”
After cautiously approaching the box and looking inside it, Steve had seen a litter of kittens. There were five of them, to be exact, differing in size and colors. They looked quite filthy, obviously abandoned. Some of them were just laying at the dirty bottom of the box, but two of them had noticed Steve and started to meow continuously, demanding attention. At that moment Steve knew what he had to do. He couldn’t just leave them there.
Now, he wouldn’t say that he panicked over these kittens. Steve wasn’t exactly the type of man to panic over things. But the problem was that he didn’t know how to take care of these kittens. He was a strategist, a soldier, not a veterinarian. A litter of starving kittens wasn’t a problem he could fix with a couple of hits from his shield.
Steve hadn’t anticipated that. He didn’t know much about machinery or things like that, but plugging yourself into an electricity source like a TV sure wasn’t the usual way to treat your bad heart. Does Tony know about this? Does he put Iron Man in danger as his bodyguard, while knowing that the man suffers from a heart condition?
Iron Man first looked at Steve, then at the box on his hands. “Is there a bomb?” He asked. Steve shook his head. “No, no. Just come over here and take a look.” Iron Man did as asked, and came over to Steve. He slowly peeked inside the box, and Steve was almost completely sure that he heard the man gasp.
“Don’t worry, Avenger. I’m as fine as ever,” Steve assured with a smile on his face. “It’s just that, well, come and take a look, will you?” He lifted the box in his hands a little higher, prompting Iron Man to come and take a look inside. The kittens themselves had stopped their constant meowing after Iron Man had come in. They probably didn’t like his metallic voice as much as Steve did.
“It’s unfair,” Tony complained, “These cats are dictators, and you mister, are their mindless slave. They all brainwashed you.”
As time went by, and Iron Man still hadn’t arrived, the little kittens started to grow restless in the box. One of them tried to climb out, but Steve stopped it gently with his hand. He had to keep them in the box. Such small animals would get lost in the large mansion. Ten minutes had already passed since the call with Iron Man. Steve knew that the man was obviously busy, and even though Iron Man’s suit of armor was most likely the most brilliant invention of their time, even he couldn’t travel at the speed of light. Still, Steve wished that he could.
Steve stood up and gently set Walter down on the floor with his siblings. He skipped over Dorothy, who was once again trying to attack his feet, and calmly yet cautiously walked to the door. He heard small footsteps from behind him as some of the kittens followed him.
Right after it seemed like Walter finally exhausted himself to the brink with the constant struggle and gave up resisting, Steve heard loud knocking, presumably coming from the mansion’s front door. He wouldn’t say that he was startled by it per se, but surprised he was for sure. It was currently 9 am and he wasn’t expecting any visitors. Jarvis was supposed to come back from his vacation in a couple of days, so it couldn’t be him. Unless something happened.
But to Steve’s astonishment, the caller was not a telemarketer, but Tony Stark. It was honestly a surprise to Steve that a man as busy as Tony Stark called him in the middle of the day.
Steve wanted to ask, but didn’t bother. Instead he just let Iron Man continue speaking. “I really appreciate your kind words, I do. It’s... Not something I hear everyday. But I’m not sure I know how to help you with this one.” He gestured at the box. “I like cats, sweet little animals, but I’m afraid I’ll only accidentally crush one of them with my hands.”
Tony shrugged, already recovering from the shock of revealing his secret identity. “For now, I am. It varies. Sometimes it hurts less, sometimes it doesn’t hurt at all. Sometimes it’s so bad I can’t move. That’s why I want you to choose someone better. Someone, who’s heart isn’t on the brink of failure every second of the day.”
“Captain, Steve, good evening,” Mr. Stark said right after Steve answered. It sounded like he was happy, or at least smiling. Something good must have happened. Maybe that’s why he called.
Iron Man waved his other hand. “Ah, don’t worry about it. I was just joking.” Steve heard himself sigh in relief. Iron Man continued, “But seriously, though. What now?”
“Iron Man?” Steve asked while cautiously walking closer. It looked like he was plugged into some sort of energy source. A cable ran from his chest plate into a big machine, which most likely was powered by electricity.
Or so Steve had at least thought, because immediately after Tony made a high pitched, surprised noise, and started coughing, most likely from shock. Steve stood up, ready to help Tony out, but he raised his other hand in order to stop Steve and drew in a couple of heavy breaths. The kittens had had enough at this point, and one by one jumped out of Tony’s lap.
“You know what I’m talking about. That machine does not look like your typical breathing machine. Just tell me what’s going on, please. I care about you. And I’m worried.”
As much as Steve hated it, he did as Iron Man had asked. He wished Iron Man well and left the workshop. It felt weird. Like Steve made the wrong decision. But although he
Steve sighed, relieved that Tony took his request well. He really didn’t mean any disrespect towards Tony. He just really wanted to see Iron Man.
Steve stepped away from the door, prompting Tony to come inside, and stopped shooing the kittens away with his feet. “Here they are. All alive and well.” It almost looked like Tony’s eyes sparkled, when he noticed the small kittens by Steve’s feet. It was hard not to smile, when Tony grouched down and reached out his other hand towards the conflicted kittens. Most of them were too scared to actually approach Tony and hid behind Steve’s leg, except for James, who waddled up to Tony. They both watched in silence, as James inspected Tony’s hand and then nuzzled it, apparently accepting Tony. Charlie also took an interest after that, and rushed right next to James.
Thank you all for reading this story! I can't believe it is just about over. *heart breaks a little*
“No, he’s oblivious to everything. And you honestly are not that obvious. I can just pick up on things is all.” Steve took a breath of relief when she told him that.
“It’s for the best,” Tony said, cutting Steve off and scratching at his beard. “She deserves to be happy. I should be thankful she stuck it out with me this long.” Tony added, looking down at his hands. “I thought she was the one, though,” he whispered, his voice filled with sorrow.
“Hi Steve,” Tony replied, giving a half-hearted smile as he tried to walk past him and into the carriage.
“Ta-take what?” his boyfriend asked, and Tony had to admit that Steve’s facial features changed dramatically. “What are you talking about Tony?”
“Love you so much,” Steve said, leaning down to kiss Tony’ arc reactor, the cool blue light slightly warm against his kiss-bitten lips. “Thank you for the lingerie, and for accepting me.”
sat before him. He was caught in a mass of rope, his arms and hands twisted in the strong twine, his tail thrashing and causing him to tangle himself even more. The merman’s wet blonde hair fell over his brow unkemptly as his big cerulean eyes darted around. It was all too clear that the being was purely terrified.
Steve smiled and leaned down to capture the man’s lips gently. “I love you, Tony,” he sing-songed against the genius’s mouth, giving him another quick kiss before pulling back.
All this soulmate stuff was getting the better of him clearly. No wonder he had dreamed of such things...about clans and soulmates and soul marks. The NEWS was flooded with it still as more tests and evidence started coming to light. So many stories were surfacing of people talking about their grandparents being soulmates, or how some folk were going to devote themselves to finding their soulmate. Hell, there was even talk of creating a "Find My Soulmate" App for your phone.
He wanted to see the merman, to talk to him. There was an actual creature of folklore on his ship, how could he sit by and not want to know everything about the being? These were the reasonings that Tony used to validate himself as he made his way to the quarters in which the sea creature was supposedly held. Tony wanting to see the merman had nothing to do with the merman’s soft look of trust when the brunette spoke to him. Or the silent kindness in his smile.
Through the fog of lust and bliss, Steve heard Tony moan softly, only to then place soft kisses along the super soldier’s neck, making a trail of kisses over to his one shoulder. All the while, the genius continued to caress his pectorals and nipples, driving that heated coil in Steve’s belly to wind even tighter. Reactively, Steve pushed his bum back against Tony’s hips, wanting and wishing the man could be inside him. Of course, Tony wouldn’t be able to for a while since the blow job Steve gave him had left him spent. Still, Steve’s body throbbed with need, to have Tony inside him in some way, shape or form.
The burn of Tony opening him up was sweet and heady, and yet not nearly enough. Steve wanted Tony’s length to fill him, to unite their bodies into one entity. “Ye-Yes, oh God,” Steve cried, his voice an octave higher than usual as he neared release.
Tony moved his way down Steve's body, kissing at his clavicle, his beard scratching at the super soldier's creamy skin. It made the flesh there sensitive, and Steve gasped lightly. Steve tugged at Tony's hair, who moaned at the slight pleasure pain of his soulmate's fingers.
“I wanted to, and had the intention of hearing Arnim Zola’s reasons for what they planned to use our weapons for,” Tony shrugged. “But good ole Obi kept switching the subject.”
Steve nosed at the neckline of the brunette’s shirt, pushing the fabric down to reveal the light tan skin there. Humming against the taut flesh, Steve tenderly licked at the area, the flat of his tongue coursing over smooth, warm skin. Tony’s head fell back against the back of the chair then, and his one hand found its way to Steve’s back, his fingers slipping over the textured fabric of his lover’s nightie.
Sitting up some, Tony looked at Steve with a shocked and elated expression. Steve's oxygen mask was off, and the blonde smiled tiredly, his blue eyes still sparkling though. "Hi Tony," Steve said, his voice raspy.
Steve was left standing there, still holding his soiled shirt as he watched Tony leave. That was a bit strange, he felt. But then again, as Steve thought about it more, he had found Tony to be acting differently the past month or so. It wasn’t that he was being distant or mean whatsoever. But he seemed to be rather capricious, his mind someplace else, like he was constantly mulling something over in his brain. After their conversation today, Steve figured Tony was acting that way because he had found a new love. When Tony admitted that, Steve felt his heart fall to the bottom of his belly, disappointment flooding through his veins.
Once they finished and cleared the table, the two men curled up on the couch, cuddling while they sipped on a sweet red wine. It was Tony’s turn to pick the movie, and he’d settled on
The brunette shivered at his boyfriend’s words, a new fervor surging inside him then. He’d been caught up in Steve, wanting to feel and love him in every way. And to hear the blonde want Tony to use him was rather humbling to the genius, feeling almost undeserving of the man.
“Will you wear a pair of your new panties under your dress pants if I do?” The genius asked, voice low. One side of the blonde’s mouth curved up, eyeing the brunette a minute before draping the silk teddy romper over the couch.
“What’re you thinking, then?” He inquired softly, knowing something was off regardless. Steve merely took a breath, feeling his boyfriend’s touch bring him comfort.
Flying back to Avengers Tower had held much more dismay than when Tony left earlier that day. On the landing pad, Tony tried to as discreetly as he could make his way up to his penthouse, needing sleep or something, though anger boiled inside his gut. Anger at Pepper, himself, and basically everyone around him.
“Nope. Not when your tongue’s deep inside me,” Steve said lowly, smirking at Tony then. The brunette laughed, patting Steve’s bum before turning toward the door.
Steve didn’t care if they slept in the Godforsaken woods. Just so long as Tony was right by his side.
Through the ages, every member of a clan, tribe or nation had soulmates because of the spectacular qualities only a soul bond could produce. Survival and safety took precedence over all things, and the warrior-like traits soulmates brought out of each other protected their tribes’ territories and enemies.
Tony grumbled happily in agreement. The genius knew that whatever Steve wanted of him, he would more than likely oblige him without a second thought. He gave Steve a quick kiss before he slipped his fingers down the cleft of the blonde’s ass till the pad of his middle finger touched the super soldier’s entrance. A shiver leeched down the length of Steve’s spine at the warmth of Tony’s touch, and the need to have the brunette inside of him.
“My mother would tell me about the stars.” Steve said, wistfully. “My favorite tale was of two stars in particular. Those two, right there,” Steve explained, looking to Tony before pointing up and slightly to the left of where they sat. “She told me that those were the souls of two warriors from hundreds of years ago,” Steve said, smiling lightly at the memory. “You see, they were both from rival clans, Brayan was from the East, and Ferris from the West. When there was threat of foreign invaders, though, the men had come together, joining forces and becoming inseparable friends. They fought side by side, protecting all those who were defenseless against the attackers.” Steve looked to Tony who was just watching the blonde intently.
Steve was breathing heavily as he worked his body open, the pleasure of his own hand heightening the flame of heat inside him. A finger was eventually pushed inside and Steve arched against the pillows at the sudden pressure and stretch of it all. The super soldier’s head fell back, his mouth open as he reveled in both the physical sensation as well as that possessive gaze Tony was giving him. Knowing Tony was enjoying the view, watching Steve play with himself, caused the super soldier’s chest to swell with pride and his erection to harden completely at the provocation of it all.
“Look, Steve. I’m sorry if I made things unclear. I mean, you are charming, and when Aunt Peggy told me stories about you I did find you dreamy…” She trailed off, looking to Tony with big eyes before she looked back to Steve. “I’m going to head home now, I think. I’ll see you around HQ, Steve,” Sharon forced a smile before practically bolting through the crowd.
“God, I hope I can handle an oil change,” Steve laughed, grabbing a well-used rag while sifting through the brunette’s tools. He grabbed a regular wrench, as well as an oil filter wrench before grabbing the roller seat and moving it to the front of the car and taking a seat on it. Tony handed him the container to catch the oil.
“Sir,” J.A.R.V.I.S.’s voice echoed then through the communal area, interrupting the men’s work. “I am informing you that Agent Barton and Agent Romanoff have returned, and are heading for the communal area presently,” the A.I. explained.
It took him a minute to obey, Steve’s brain rather muddied with desire. He did what was asked of him then, his sensitive hands softly grazing his nipples that were tingling from all that Tony had already subjected them to. He heard Tony hum in approval, and so Steve pressed his fingers harder into the flesh then, cupping his pecs and caressing them while he eyed the brunette.
The genius leaned forward with interest. They'd found proof of soulmates being real? Tony watched and listened intently, seeing the hopeful evidence of the Soulmate Bond. Tony believed himself to be a realist as well as a man of science and logic. Growing up, the fairytale stories always centered around the soulmate bond of the prince or princess. He remembers his nanny reading to him and telling little Tony that one day he would find his soulmate too. Young and naïve, the brunette couldn’t wait for that day to arrive, where he and his soulmate meet and everything in the universe would seem to line up...where Tony would finally understand true joy and contentment.
Opening his eyes barely, Steve looked into the mirror, meeting Tony’s glistening chocolatey gaze. He skirted his eyes to his own reflection then, seeing his mouth parted as he whimpered with each drag of the man’s finger in his opening. “Uh-uhn,” he huffed as he chased the genius’s fingers with his ass.
"They're memories. I've had them too, Steve." The blonde turned to look at Tony, his body halfway toward the door. Tony strode toward the other man until they were inches apart. Tony showed the super soldier his mark too, on the other shoulder though, as if they mirrored one another.
“Ehn, yes. Oh, God,” Steve whispered, his mouth agape, eyes shut tight as he felt himself reaching his breaking point. Tony leaned his head forward, and meshed his lips with Steve, kissing the beautiful blonde sloppily as he began to lose the rhythm of his thrusts. Steve pulled at Tony’s hair almost painfully, his swelled penis slapping against his belly, sprinkling droplets of precome on the sheets around him.
Ignoring the leaking erection in his own trousers, Tony delved back into his boyfriend’s space, licking the flat of his tongue up Steve’s perineum and over his hole. He slid half a finger into the blonde’s entrance and kneaded the sensitive walls of his channel, all while sucking Steve’s rim with his pink lips.
That night, after Tony asked J.A.R.V.I.S where Steve was, the brunette found himself walking through Steve’s personal quarters. He reached the super soldier’s bedroom door, knowing the handsome man was behind the dark stained wood waiting for him. Tony took a deep breath. He wondered what Steve had in store for him, what the other part of his gift was. He felt the weight of the anal beads in his hand, washed and laid in a clean container. The brunette couldn’t help but feel excited and rather nervous about this new road he and Steve were beginning to travel down.
“James wouldn’t want us sulking like this. Nor would he want to see you blaming yourself,” Natasha spoke then, nudging Steve’s pale aqua tail with her own dark grey one.
“You bet,” Steve said, sidling up to Tony and wrapping an arm around the brunette’s shoulders, nuzzling close.  “What about that item over there?” Steve asked against the man’s temple before placing a soft kiss right above his ear. Tony saw the rolled textured paper leaning against one of the walls of the basket and snatched it up, unrolling it. The heavy paper held an ink drawing Steve had done. It wasn’t anything spectacular, he felt, just an image of the east coast seaside. Though, if one looked closely enough, one could see two male forms in silhouette holding hands, their frames replicating Steve’s and Tony’s.
“What?!” Both Steve and Sharon shouted, voices shrill. Tony stopped talking then, looking at the girl as she side stepped away from Steve a few feet, clearly weirded out.
“Yes. Thanks, Tony :)” Steve replied with almost shaking fingers. Steve set his phone down only to pick it up immediately when Tony responded.
“Yeah, we’re good,” Steve concurred, and it looked like he too sighed in relief, worry lifting from his broad shoulders. “I really do miss you, though.”
He was absolutely thrilled with the turnout of the toy drive. So many children that probably wouldn’t have presents under their tree or a gift to exchange during Hanukkah or Kwanzaa now would have something to cherish. It brought back memories of his childhood Christmases. A small, feeble tree with heirloom ornaments adorning it would be huddled in the corner of their apartment. He would make his mom a handmade present and tuck it under the sharp pine needles. And his beautiful, selfless mother always scrounged up enough money to get him something special, like new drawing pencils or a wooden toy. When Christmas morning came along, Steve would hurry as fast as his sickly body would allow him to the living room to see a brown paper package nestled underneath the tree. Even though he knew other children received multiple gifts, Steve was always so grateful for his lone one. He knew there were families out there who were even less fortunate than him.
He heard Steve sigh, and Tony looked to see the man leaning back on the heels of his hands, looking out towards the warm sun as well. He watched how the sunlight washed Steve’s features in a yellow glow, the light hitting the man’s thick eyelashes and creating long wispy shadows against his cheekbones. And how the blonde was sitting caused Tony to notice for the first time, the little freckle on the right side of Steve’s neck.
After Tony and Steve had their spat in the elevator, Tony had spent the rest of that day and evening sitting in his penthouse, a glass of scotch constantly in his grip. Only enough to numb his whirring mind, he told himself. Steve’s words had hit him hard, knocking him back to reality. For the past month Tony holed himself up either in his penthouse or lab, emerging from the depths only for random meetings and such. He was doing it so that he wasn’t toxic toward the people he cared about.
Steve woke with a start, his breath uneven, his hair sweat laden. His flannel night shirt was also sweaty, and his hands were shaking. He looked over to see Tony still fast asleep, a tuft of dark hair peeking over the comforter.
Breathing hard, Steve leaned back, Tony’s bottom lip caught between his teeth as he did so. “Let’s try this out now, huh?” Steve asked, reaching for the sauce. He looked at it a moment, a frazzled expression on his features. “Should we have warmed it up first?”
“You’re a sight for sore eyes,” he said softly, meaning it entirely. Pepper just laughed it off, bating away the compliment.
Tony stilled the super soldier’s movements though, grabbing at his arousal and lining it with the other man’s loose rim once again. The men sealed their gaze with one another, the brunette asking silently for the go ahead. Steve gave a simple yes, before sinking down on his man. The genius let out a strangled huff as he was surrounded by Steve’s wet heat. Without warning, he bucked up into the blonde, meeting Steve’s movement with his own and fully sheathing himself inside the super soldier.
“Fuck me, Tony,” Steve breathed, watching Tony maneuver around so that he was sitting on the couch, facing his boyfriend.
“I’m truly sorry about the computer glitch, Mr. Stark. Thank you for being patient and understanding.”
He spent his time in his workshop, using the couch he had down there to sleep on, as well as random snacks he had lying around. Also, his precious coffee maker was ever so loyal to him. Tony did everything he could to distract himself from the world around him, going so far as to limit Steve’s access to his lab. It hurt him to do it though, missing how the guy would hang out to draw and such. But Tony truly needed the space from him for a little while, until he sorted through his damn emotions. Pepper’s words had implanted in his brain, burrowing deep and taking roots there.
“Apparently so,” Tony concurred, brushing his nose along the blonde’s before pulling back and slipping the dainty lace strap back up the super soldier’s shoulder. “I’m still thinking about that Iron Man colored nightie,” said Tony, waggling his brows at Steve and smiling salaciously. The blonde rolled his eyes good heartedly and sighed.
Tony stopped, looking at the hand that had been torn up from the merman’s tail. “Can you believe a creature of fairytales is actually real?” Tony asked after a pause, looking to his best friend.
“Yeah, just a little,” Steve replied, the heat in his belly coiling at the thought of how much he was pleasing Tony, and they hadn’t even gotten to the love making yet. “You know I like your touch back there, though.” Steve said as Tony stood up. “So it’s really a win-win for both of us.” Tony nodded to that, his hands massaging each of Steve’s ass cheeks with calloused hands before he nudged his beloved boyfriend towards the bedroom.
Slipping his own underwear off from where they pooled around his upper thighs, Steve scooted back up the bed. He watched Tony as he did so, spreading his legs as an invitation. He felt his cheeks flush, feeling vulnerable as he exposed him to his boyfriend. He heard Tony let out a strangled moan as he took in the sight of Steve, his second erection of the night aching and leaking on his belly, his opening clenching in want.
“Yeah, ‘oh’,” Steve said. “You wanna know who it is I’ve fallen for?” He asked then, his tone sharp. And Tony looked back to meet the blonde’s gaze once more. His blue eyes were soft then, almost innocently. Tony didn’t say anything, just continued to stare at Steve.
Once everything seemed to be back in order, the dark wood table gleaming and spotless from Steve’s precome did they rush out of the communal area and towards one of the elevators. Tony stopped in his tracks though, only to turn and jog back, remembering Steve’s discarded satin panties that had been abandoned under the table.
“Communal kitchen?” Steve asked rhetorically. That was odd, he felt. Unless Tony was getting coffee, the genius never set foot in the kitchen. And he easily could have made himself a cup of coffee in the kitchenette in his penthouse.
“Uh, Steve…what’re you doing?” Tony asked after a moment. And then Steve was shifting his own Stark pad, maneuvering it between his spread legs and angling it up.
“Okay, if that’s how you wanna play,” Tony said, smiling at his lover lecherously. Holding onto Steve’s hips, Tony entered him, penetrating the man once that ring of muscle accepted him in. Steve was always so hot, and the sudden warmth of his body surrounding Tony was almost too much, especially with Steve moaning like some painted lady in front of him. God, that man and his deliciously obscene noises, he seriously could put porn stars to shame.
Tony loved the parties without a doubt, the glamorous, elitist lifestyle an exquisite extravaganza. Those were the most important things in Tony’s life… until his accident anyways. The brunette leaned against the ship’s rail, the fingers of his one hand tapping a random beat on his chest, where a circular, metallic ring was nestled beneath his dress shirt. It glowed a cool blue, illuminating under the cream cotton shirt; that little circle of light kept Tony alive.
“Harder, Tony-Please!” Steve whined, swirling his hips in a circular motion, igniting a cry from the brunette beneath him. The genius obliged, grasping Steve’s behind in a strong grip before he rammed up into his man with blissful force. He smiled salaciously when Steve gasped, his head lulling forward to look at the brunette.
Steve could taste the minty toothpaste the man had just used, the blonde’s tongue slipping inside his warm mouth. Tony made a sweet noise of pleasure, pushing his hips down and in against Steve’s who gasped against his boyfriend’s mouth at the heavy bout of friction. Steve held Tony tighter, grasping for purchase as Tony rutted his hardened length against Steve’s. He was erect for the second time that day, the head of his cock swelling, a bit of white liquid bubbling at the top.
“You love that, don’t you, baby?” Tony said, lifting his head just enough to speak. “Like me kissing and playing with these pretty nipples of yours.” Tony gently blew on the one he had been licking at, cooling the wetness there with his soft breath. He watched the goosebumps pepper Steve’s skin, his nipple hardening even more so from that chilled sensation.
“Do you like knowing that you’re only mine, baby?” Tony asked, allowing his hand to trace down Steve’s torso, the pads of his fingers brushing along the tip of the super soldier’s penis. Steve inhaled a sharp breath, arching up into Tony’s touch. Damn, Tony knew how to get him hard so incredibly fast.
Steve opened his eyes to darkness, alone in his bed. It was overwhelmingly hot in his room and he tossed the sheets off of him. He sat up, only to feel the painful arousal that throbbed under his pajama pants. Steve groaned, annoyed as he fell back against the mattress. That was one vivid dream, everything seemed so real. Steve bit his lip, breathing deeply as he tried with all his might not to shove his hand down his pants and ease the ache. He felt guilty of course for dreaming that, something so intimate of his dear friend. It wasn’t the first time he had these dreams with Tony in them. But they usually weren’t that descriptive.
“Hey, Cap. You okay?” Tony’s concern for Steve was a bit of a surprise for the super soldier. It wasn’t that Tony didn't care about him; contrary to popular belief, Tony cared about his teammates more than himself, and the blonde always admired the small ways Tony showed his worries for others.
But he missed Brooklyn, missed that sense of home. And hell, maybe Tony would want him gone now that he knew how Steve really felt for him. He guessed he couldn’t blame the man, but Steve had to be honest with him, just like Natasha had said. Granted, he wanted to reveal his feelings with less anger and frustration, but Tony’s actions and words were out in left field. He had been shocked that the genius believed it was Sharon he was interested in. Steve was pretty sure he was acting platonic with the woman. But clearly Sharon was just as confused as him. He needed to talk with her soon and explain himself, or at least explain that Tony was speaking out of his ass.
“I love you,” Steve said softly, burrowing as close to his love as he could. Tony shifted a little, leaning up to hover over Steve. The genius dipped his head and meshed his lips with Steve’s tenderly. The blonde hummed in delight, breathing deeply while they kissed. Tony pulled away after a few moments, smiling fondly at Steve who grinned boyishly right back up at the brunette.
“Yes, I know.” Natasha stared up at the stars as well, understanding all of what Steve meant with that one word. “I miss him too,” she whimpered.
“Sorry Obi,” Tony said, brushing a hand through his thick dark hair. “Something doesn’t seem quite right. The statistics and information about their alternative energy is peculiar,” Tony explained, pointing to the documents that Hydra’s lead scientist, Arnim Zola gave him concerning their business. The younger man was trying to explain himself, but Obadiah ignored his worries and took a step forward, towering over Tony.
“I’ve got to go, but I’ll be back after the party’s over and we can finish this conversation,” Pepper remarked, brushing her curled hair back over her shoulder. With that, she turned and headed out their, (now his) bedroom door, her high heels clacking in the tile hallway.
They continued their chatter as they consumed their meals, Steve asking about Tony’s day and what meetings he had attended.
“I’ll be okay, just don’t touch me for a minute,” Steve tried to joke, though he sounded more whiney than anything.
“Have a good night, Tony,” he offered, before turning on his heel and disappearing down the hallway. There was a fresh ache of sorrow and disappointment that swirled in Steve’s belly, mixing with the butterflies that perpetually fluttered there when he was with Tony, even while they fought.
It didn’t take long before he started fucking his love, thrusting shallowly, teasing Steve and working him slowly to the edge. “Yeah, you like how I fuck you, Steve. Hard enough so that you can feel me in the morning,” Tony said, reaching his hands up to start caressing his pecs once more. “Open your eyes, baby. Look at how gorgeous you are, taking my cock so well.” Tony switched up his thrusts, ramming into Steve with all that he had. They were long pulses of his hips, reaching the deepest parts of his lover.
The dragon like creature was soon lethargic and dragging, and the team waited for Thor to deliver the final blow to its skull
“I should have been there. I could have saved him,” Steve admitted, shrugging his defined shoulders and trying to hide the swell of emotion that stirred within his stomach.
He checked out, buying his bookmark and mug, eager to get back to the tower and see the genius. he didn't know why he felt nervous suddenly as they neared the tower. he had no reason to be nervous, it was just Tony, he wasn’t going be mad about it, no matter what Steve’s unbeknownst anxiety was telling him.
“Lavender,” the super soldier replied without missing a beat, wiggling a little beneath his boyfriend. “I trust you completely, Tony,” Steve added with an honest smile. The brunette’s heart fluttered a bit at his beloved’s words. Obviously, he knew they trusted each other in all aspects of their relationship. But still, it never ceased to create a churning of happiness within his chest hearing Steve say that to him.
Turning to head for the checkout line, the blonde’s eye was caught by a display of coffee mugs. Steve browsed the table, looking at the different coffee cup designs. Most were quirky and highlighted the museum’s collections. The super soldier enjoyed his coffee, but he was looking at the mugs for Tony. The genius liked his coffee more than anyone else Steve knew. They were not overly close, but they were more than acquaintances. Still, Steve felt it would be a friendly gesture to get the man something. Plus, Steve wanted to see the genius, to maybe even hang out with him sometime. Bruce and Tony were buds and hung out a lot, Steve wanted to be amicable with all of his teammates too. The little museum gift would give Steve the chance to go down to the lab the brunette constantly locked himself away in.
“I think you’ll love it even more here in a moment,” Steve said once he lapped up every last bit of the chocolate on Tony’s chest. He smiled cheekily, peering down at the brunette before he removed the man’s damp boxers. Grabbing up the bottle once again, Steve poured chocolate sauce underneath Tony’s navel and upper thighs, only to then drizzle some on the man’s erect penis.
“S-Steve,” Tony moaned out, gritting his teeth as he tried to reign himself in. The super soldier looked up at him then, slowly slipping Tony’s finger out of his mouth, his ruby lips glistening.
“Warriors down!” he heard Thor say, and Steve just shook his head and laughed as he and Tony sat up, brushing off the snow from their clothes.
“Nice try. I’m bringing a spare outfit up here,” Steve responded, grabbing up the soiled comforter and tossing it into Tony’s hamper. “And you can have clothes in my room for when you stay in my quarters,” Steve winked.
The genius, seeming to be satisfied with roaming over Steve’s behind, finally pulled the blonde’s thong down until they pooled at the super soldier’s strong thighs. Steve was relieved to have his erection released from the confines of his undies, the head leaking precome. Tony traced a finger down the cleft of his ass, the pad of the fingertip pressing at his entrance.
“Unless there is an Avenger mission that surprises us,” Steve started, buttering his toast. “I’m actually rather free for a few days.”
“It’s a snuffbox,” Steve said, brushing his fingertips over the smooth sides of the metal before carefully touching them to the engraved lid. Steve recognized the etching to be of a seaside, tall ships in the distance of a vast sea. “My father gave me a similar one before he went to war,” Steve reminisced. “It didn’t have such intricacies as this though.” Steve looked up to Tony then, brows puckered. “What is its significance?” The super soldier asked. “Why is this the most important thing to you?”
Pressing his chest to Steve’s back, the brunette nuzzled his cheek into the crook of his beloved’s neck, inhaling deeply and closing his eyes, feeling whole once more with Steve in his embrace.
“Please fuck me with your tongue,” Steve huffed out. Tony smirked, and while still holding the man’s hole open with his thumb, Tony darted his tongue out, giving shallow licks to the inside of it.
“Don’t worry, you’re gonna be in nothing but your birthday suit before you know it,” Tony chuckled, sensuously sliding his hands down to grab at Steve’s luscious ass. The blonde gasped, pushing his rump back in delight. Tony gazed at his
Steve high tailed it to his bathroom, quickly stripping from his tattered suit, eager to step into a warm shower. As he lathered up his hair, Steve’s mind was stuck on Tony. He just didn’t know what to do about him anymore. He really needed to preoccupy his mind with other things other than Tony. Thankfully, he had a plethora of paperwork to go over from this mission. It would be just what Steve needed.
“Steve?” Tony asked, looking over his shoulder at his love, pupils blown. Steve brought his hands up to massage Tony’s outer thighs, smiling up at the brunette.
Tony bit out a moan, stilling his lover’s hips then. “Not yet, baby,” Tony said once he found his voice. “Soon, though.” Steve made a small disappointed noise before chuckling lightly.
With the muscle of Steve’s opening loose and wet, Tony hooked his tongue roughly inside the super soldier, the hand that was working at his perineum reaching further to grasp Steve’s arousal, stroking the shaft quickly.
“Are you really thanking me for sex, Steve?” Tony asked, laughing weakly as he gently pulled free from the blonde.
As sleep began to claim him, Steve nestled even closer to Tony, the man’s heartbeat comforting. Steve found himself thankful for all the chain of events he had once thought as unfair atrocities. For they had led him and Tony together, and Steve wouldn’t have wanted it any other way.
Reluctantly, Tony pulled his thumb out of his beloved’s mouth. Steve grinned cheekily up at him, shimmying a little as the wetness of his release began to dry on his belly. The super soldier sat up then, cupping Tony’s face and meshing their mouths together, only to then kiss a wet line up to Tony’s ear. Steve bit the other man’s ear lobe, his hands roaming over Tony’s shoulders and arms. The genius could feel his eyes rolling behind his closed eyelids, blindly reaching the straps of Steve’s bralette and slipping them off his shoulders.
Pepper paused for a moment, stilling their movements as she thought over her reply. “No,” Pepper admitted, squeezing his bicep affectionately, picking up their dance once more. “I can see it in your eyes, Tony. That connection, that spark, when you’re with him, that’s where your heart truly lies. Tears formed in the corner of her eyes, the sight causing the chambers of Tony’s heart to shrivel.
The charity toy drive was absolutely wonderful. Though, Steve was not a fan of having to give a few interviews when the reporters showed up. He left that to Tony and Thor. Each Avenger had a station in Central Park, allowing the kids to partake in special activities. Bruce taught kids how snowflakes were formed, while Tony had been in charge of a snowman building contest. Clint held sled pull races, and Natasha was at the ice skating rink, showing the little ones how to skate figure eights. Thor manned the hot chocolate station, which finally had gone over smoothly once Steve explained that Asgardian liquor could not be added to children’s hot coco.
“Ah,” the super soldier gasped, arching his back and pushing his bum into Tony’s grasp. The genius slid the fabric down, letting the panties fall around Steve’s ankles, humming to himself as he guided Steve’s defined thighs apart.
“Come on in,” she said, turning and heading inside. Tony removed himself from the suit, letting it stay out on the balcony. “I’m actually glad you stopped,” Pepper started, tossing her hair over a shoulder while she rummaged through a briefcase. “I have the business arrangement from the Japanese affiliates for you to look over.” She handed the file to Tony before heading to her kitchen to brew them both some coffee.
Waiting at the front desk, two small suitcases at their sides, Tony fiddled with a pen laying on the counter. Steve wondered if he was nervous for some reason. Did he think they would be recognized now that they’d be around more folk?
“Ha, you’re hysterical,” Steve said, reeling the line back in and attempting once more. This time he was much more successful. “I think I didn’t let go of the button quick enough the first time,” Steve commented as he watched the hook and lure arch into the stream with a gentle plunk.
Giggling, Steve shimmied a little to help get them situated, though it wasn’t the easiest thing to do with his hands tied.
The blonde found a mug with Tesla on it, with a saying “I liked wireless before it was cool.” Steve hopped Tony liked the novelty, cliched mug as much as the super soldier did.
All because Pepper put that damn bug in his ear. Or rather, she revealed to him an aspect of his life he was oblivious to. Either way, Tony didn’t know what to do with this new information. It just didn’t make sense. For one, Steve was a guy, obviously. And Tony never found another male attractive or romantically interesting…well, until now. And for two, when did being great friends blur into romantic love and affection? If Tony’s life was a cartoon, there would be sparks flying from his head, representing his brain short-circuiting as he tried to understand what the fuck was going on with his life.
“Steve, you won’t be leaving my bed for days once I’m back home,” Tony joked, only to let out a low moan as he watched the perfectly obscene sight that Steve was gracing him with.
Finishing with those sweet kisses along his love’s body, Tony leaned up, helping the super soldier turn over until he was laying on his back and Tony was hovering over him. Steve gazed up at his love, smiling tiredly as he stretched underneath the genius like a cat.
Steve however saw in the NEWS clips that Fury showed him during that catch up session on the last 70 years, the philanthropy work Tony had done with his Iron Man suit. Steve had also read in Tony’s profile that he had recently begun focusing his life’s work with providing to the people, and not militaristic weaponry. Still, there was something about the man that Steve didn’t care for.
“Yes, oh God,” Steve whimpered as his entrance clenched around the man’s large erection, the sudden tight drag pushing Steve even closer to the edge.
“I’m not gonna feed your ego whatsoever,” Steve replied cheekily, reaching to grab his plate and coffee mug. “Hungry? You can have my plate.” Steve offered.
“The girl who made an Iron Man snowman,” Tony answered, and Steve saw how the man was trying his best not to smirk.
A young man approached the counter then, popping behind it to assist them. “Evening, gents,” He greeted them, smiling so wide that Steve thought his freckled cheeks would crack. “Checking in?”
The sight of Steve climaxing, his semen all over his beautiful body caused Tony to come as well, a loud moan escaping his lips as he pumped his cock dry, his seed spilling in his hand and lower belly.
He could hear Tony’s heartbeat, his own heart trying thrum in unison with the brunette’s. The heat in Steve’s body was starting to calm down some, his breathing evening out. He could sense the tension in Tony’s body not as wound up as well. Tony combed a hand through his hair while Steve continued to lean against him, his cheek nestled in the crook of Tony’s neck.
Taking a deep breath and placing his hands on his hips, Tony looked around at the outcome of his inventive streak, smiling at his work. There was a section of the rooftop that he furnished with an outdoors lounge bed, throw blankets and pillows, along with a small area for a refreshment bar. Faux candles lit the space in an ethereal glow, while strewn white lights nestled within a mesh netting hung over the lounge bed. And to top that all off, all Tony had to do was a press a button, and the lounge area could be completely sectioned off from view.
“Mmm, keep kissing me like that and I won’t be able to speak,” Tony breathed, his brown eyes glistening from the mellow lights that surrounded them. “I did this because I’ve missed you, silly,” the brunette finally answered, grabbing the chilled wine and popping the cork before pouring each of them full glasses of sweet wine. Before handing Steve his glass though, the genius paused.
Steve groaned at the feeling, instantly pushing back against the other man’s digit, wanting to be penetrated by his love. The blonde could feel the brunette’s finger massage at the sensitive skin of his opening, the muscle quivering with sensation as Tony worked at the area in a circular motion.
Steve had lost himself to the sensuous touches of his lover, until he felt Tony’s nimble fingers unlatching the belt, only to then unfasten the button of his jeans. Tony pulled away from the super soldier’s kiss bitten lips to focus on the task at hand. Steve looked down as well, watching the man pull the metal zipper down slowly and over the curve of his erection. The sight alone was explicit, seeing Tony half naked and stripping Steve out of his own clothing.
“I truly do love you,” Steve said in a hushed tone. Eyes heavy then. He splayed his fingers on the face of the reactor then while Tony wrapped an arm around his boyfriend.
“I-is this a bad time? I can just go,” Steve said, and Tony could physically see the man’s positive presence slowly dying away. Tony could not bear to be the cause of it.
“Well, this wasn’t exactly how I expected breakfast to go,” The brunette said, laughing lightly once more. Steve too giggled, maneuvering himself in Tony’s lap so that he could see the brunette better.
“Did you honestly refer to my dick as ‘Little Tony?’” The brunette asked, though it was more rhetorical; he heard Steve clearly. The blonde chuckled deeply before he turned his body so that he was facing the other man. He could see that the brunette was erect again as Tony rolled onto his back, coaxing Steve to come closer to him.
He couldn’t say he felt the same way a year ago. He and Tony could barely stand to be in the same room as the other. The brunette was always so brash, outspoken and confident. Where Steve would analyze the situation before acting, Tony would do the opposite. He’d react immediately on impulse and then decide if it was the most rational choice. It would drive Steve crazy, and Tony knew it too. Steve never would try to hide his annoyance and so Tony would just egg him on even more. And all the super soldier wanted to do was punch that smug grin off the genius’s face.
Slicking himself with lubricant, Tony gave no warning as he took Steve by the outer thighs and wrenched him back, burying his girth inside the blonde swiftly. That sudden tight heat of his love left Tony to cry out a raspy moan, shutting his eyes tight and forcing himself to focus. If he didn’t, and let the sensations and sounds coming from Steve get the better of him, Tony wouldn’t last thirty seconds.
When his boyfriend switched up his strokes and angled his hips, Steve could feel the swollen tip of the man’s penis nudge against his prostate, making white lightning surge through every fiber of his being. The overall sensation from both his and Tony’s hands, as well as the man’s large cock was overwhelming, everything heightened and sensitive.
“Soon,” was all Tony responded with while shifting his weight a bit. He could tell Steve was on the cusp of his second orgasm. The way Steve bit his lip and how his nose scrunched up was evidence enough that the blonde would be done for any minute.
“If I do anything that makes you uncomfortable, tell me. Okay?” Steve said, drifting his hands up the man’s sides. This would be new for them, the erotica of rimming. If this played out alright though, and Tony was okay with it, maybe in the future Tony would be the one rimming him.
Then out of nowhere, Nick Fury waltzed into the gym, greeting Steve. The older man told the super soldier of the tesseract, something Steve was all too familiar with sadly. Knowing it was in the hands of an otherworldly foe was terrifying. That kind of power the tesseract had was not to be possessed by anyone. Now Steve would be on a mission, to get the powerful cube back. He couldn’t help but wonder why they were using such an ethereal object.
“That maybe, but you are always so beautiful when you climax,” Steve offered, spreading his legs nice and wide for his love. “I love watching you come, Tony.” Hearing those words, and seeing Steve with his legs obscenely spread had Tony biting his lip, stifling a whine as his mind got ahead of himself.
“How come?” And he shrugged. “Steve,” she said in an authoritative tone before standing back, happy with his appearance finally.
It was a gorgeous sight, the visage of Steve fucking himself on Tony’s fingers, the gravity of the blonde’s weight allowing for the digits to bury deeply inside the man. The genius swirled them around within Steve’s channel, searching for the man’s sweet spot. Steve’s breathing was a mixture of raspy inhales, followed by ragged exhales. He shifted himself onto his lover’s hand, wanting more, needing to be filled by the man he loved.
“Gorgeous,” Tony whispered. “You’re just so perfect.” And Steve, through all his heated lust and arousal blushed at the compliment. Steve reached a hand up to guide Tony down against him, loving the feel of the arc reactor against his own chest.
“Oh, well I am sure you’re not complaining about that,” Natasha winked. And the blush on Steve’s cheeks deepened a shade.
“We can figure something out eventually,” Tony said, his voice husky as he pressed his chest and hips against Steve’s. The super soldier could feel Tony’s hardening arousal against his own, causing the man to rush out a breath.
“God, I love you, Steve,” Tony said dotingly, his eyes big and glistening in the afternoon sunlight that bathed the room in light. Bracing his hands on each side of Steve’s head, Tony slowly entered into the guy, letting out a shuttering breath as he was once again shrouded with Steve’s engulfing heat. It was much easier to slid into him this time though, the man rather stretched from earlier. Tony gave himself a moment to breathe before he started rocking into a cadence with Steve. He wasn’t going to last long this time around. His body was wearing thin, and all he wanted to do was tip over the edge the way that Steve had done twice already.
Steve watched Tony go, an overwhelming feeling in his mind which led to a headache. Steve didn’t even think he could get those anymore. The super soldier sighed and closed the door, walking to his kitchen He read the words and contact info on the card Tony gave him. The information wasn’t for Tony but for his front desk department at Stark Industries. With a huff Steve tossed the business card on the table top, the small rectangular card fluttering in the air before landing partially on the S.H.I.E.L.D debriefing packet.
So once he got the garter belt around his waist, he fiddled with the metal clips so that they were secured to his thigh high stockings. The stockings were a simple sheer black, but with a scalloped lace edging on the top. Steve was just grateful he put his frilly black thong on before anything else, he didn’t think he had the patience to go through all that again.
When they made their way into the Byzantine section of the museum, Steve rubbed at the slight warm itch on his shoulder, right near where the muscle met his neck. He stopped in front of a gorgeous tempura altar piece as Nat and Sam went on. Steve thought of Stefanos and Antonius, and where their soul marks were.
Stepping out of his pants then, Steve walked over to Tony, dropping down onto his lap. “Told ya you’d enjoy the view,” Steve breathed, his one hands slipping down to grasp his boyfriend’s groin, only to feel his hardening penis under his jeans. Tony gasped at the blonde’s unexpected touch. Steve grinned daringly, loving it when he could get his man to react in such a gorgeous way.
“You okay, Steve?” Tony asked softly, acting as if his voice was any louder, Steve’s blissed out state would disintegrate.
"Hi, Tony," Steve said with a wide smile. He and Natasha were sparring, but when Steve was blatantly distracted by Tony's appearance, the woman used it to her advantage and swiped the super soldier's feet right from underneath him.
,” Tony hissed out as the sudden tight heat of Steve’s body enveloped him. Tony needed a moment to adjust to all of the glorious sensations surrounding him. When he felt the edge settle down some, Tony began to move, slowly thrusting in and out of Steve who was moaning faint, blissful sounds as Tony went.
Steve’s thighs fell open into a wide ‘v’, letting Tony see him fully splayed out like an intricate Hellenistic Greek sculpture of old, the blonde’s face etched in genuine bliss and desire. Steve’s defined, firm chest, flushed and red from Tony’s own mouth rose with every desperate inhale, the dips and crests of his torso glistening as new precome seeped onto his lower belly. It was all breathtaking… awe inspiring. The way Steve’s hole fluttered around his one digit as he pushed it in and out of himself....it all put the wet dreams of Tony’s youth to downright shame.
“You’d have chewed me out if I’d have done that, had ignored the plan and put my life in danger,” Tony explained.
“I must be out of my mind,” Tony murmured, scratching at the back of his neck before stuffing the super soldier’s file into his jacket pocket. “Where can I find him,” Tony finally asked, relenting to Fury’s favor. Fury told Tony the address of where they had placed Steve, in a S.H.I.E.L.D run apartment complex.
He was known to the rest of the merfolk pod as Steven, though he much preferred to be called Steve. He led a defense group within their pod, protecting the helpless and patrolling their sea dwelling borders, on the surface and below. Mostly, they looked out for traces of the human world, like ships or other land items. The merpeople hadn’t always been on guard for human presence; It wasn’t long ago that merfolk and humans lived harmoniously amongst each other. They’d once traded goods, language and skills. That time was gone though. Some humans had turned against the mermaids and mermen, hurting the sea creatures and capturing them for trade. The merfolk communities were forced to flee from the shores of land, living away in random pockets of the sea.
Obadiah huffed a breath and smirked. He flipped his pistol in his hand so that he gripped the barrel. “Good,” he said before hitting Steve with the butt of his gun, knocking the merman out cold.
“Thanks, Steve,” Tony replied, smiling halfheartedly in return. They were both quiet for a bit as the heat of the morning sun warmed their bodies. “I’m sorry though, really I am, for not telling you sooner,” Tony said, looking out the large windows in the living area. “I didn’t mean to make you feel like you didn’t matter, or that I couldn’t confide in you.”
Steve’s body was covered in goosebumps, each area of skin where Tony touched him tingling with an awakening sensation. Steve’s mind exploded with colors, like fireworks across a dark velvet sky. The wet sounds that came from Tony’s kisses on his opening sparked through the blonde’s veins, coursing within his soul, spirit and body. His own hands enhanced it all too, the way he tugged at his nipples, reddening them from pulling the perky flesh and sending fire down his chest and tummy. Steve’s other hand twisted around his length desperately, his head tossing back as he felt the erotic bliss of lust consume him. But Steve’s head jerked forward as he felt Tony’s free hand grasp his hand, the one that was so diligently stroking himself. The super soldier, with heavy-lidded, glossy eyes saw his hand peeking beneath the brunette’s hand as they pumped at his erection in tandem, the gold of his wedding band on his finger glinting every so often beneath Tony’s fingers. Tony’s other hand hooked up deeply inside Steve then, the brunette’s teeth sinking into the blonde’s bum cheek before tightening his grip over Steve’s own.
The room was silent for a while, nothing but their regulating breaths filled the space as Tony flopped down next to Steve on the comforter. He felt like he had just worked out for three hours…underwater. He felt Steve wrap an arm around him, cuddling close.
“Ke-keep going, Tony,” Steve whispered, his eyes closed, brows furrowed as he fought for breath. Tony started back into a quick pace, pounding into Steve’s wet, spent hole. Steve’s body was heavy against Tony’s, his cheek resting on the brunette’s clavicle, hands holding onto his sides. He was sensitive as Tony bucked into him relentlessly, the noises he made just soft sensual whimpers.
The men plated the food once it was ready, sitting at the dining room table that could seat ten, eating happily and enjoying one’s comforting presence. “How’d I do?” Tony asked after a while, sipping his black coffee. Steve smiled boyishly, peering at his empty plate then.
Feeling and seeing were two rather different sensations. Seeing himself react to Tony’s sensuous touches was even more arousing than Steve expected. He could see how his body responded so easily to all that his boyfriend did to him. Knowing that Tony knew just how to please him, and make Steve feel like the most precious thing in the world was something the blonde never took for granted. He’d never forget how caring of a lover he had.
“It’s not fair how pretty your penis is, Steve,” he added, nuzzling close and breathing against the mushroom shaped head. Steve was beyond flustered with want and frustration from Tony’s teasing. He was tempted to just pull his underwear back up and give himself release on his own. But then Tony’s mouth was on him and the super soldier immediately clutched at Tony’s silky hair, his body bowing at the overwhelming sensation of the genius’s warm and wet mouth gliding over his erection.
“Y-yes,” Steve replied, wiggling his bum to feel more of Tony. Without another word, Tony slowly pushed in, the man groaning low as he watched what he was doing. Steve panted as the brunette went, the man stretching him even further with his length. It was a beautiful sensation of pleasure and pain until he felt Tony’s testicles press against his behind.
“Oh, yeah sure,” Tony said, smiling weakly. He wasn’t over Steve saying he was interested in someone. Not just interested, in love with someone. What was he going to do now? Pine silently? No. Tony Stark
“Sorry,” Steve said quickly, realizing Tony’s change in tone, “I didn’t mean to-” There was a clatter then, and a startled sound from underneath the car.
“Well, yes. But you could always say it again,” Tony teased, holding Steve securely around his trim waist.
Steve was rather taken aback that such technological progress the world had made in the last 70 years would have wiped out the phenomenal idealistic philosophy of soulmates. The super soldier read the article eagerly, his interest certainly piqued at the content.
Here they were, enraptured with each other as Steve looked down at him, his chiseled features faintly highlighted from the arc reactor glow. Steve leaned into Tony, their chests flush together before he laid a breathtaking kiss to the man. Then the blonde began to fiddle with Tony’s belt, only for the brunette to still his hands.
Tony could see Steve inching back against him, wishing for his finger to breach his rim and begin filling him up. The genius decided to give the man what he wanted, pressing part of second finger into the super soldier easily. Tony grinned at the inhaled gasp Steve took at the sudden pressure, his hole clenching around it.
Tony hummed against his mouth, hands slipping over Steve’s shoulders and down his arms before linking them around the super soldier’s small waist, his lingerie swishing underneath.
The article expressed a scientific reasoning of soulmates, that the energy that had been said to exist between soulmates through history could in fact be real:
The brunette gave the crown of his cock one more firm squeeze before tearing his boxers off the rest of the way. He grabbed Steve by his sides and flipped him onto his belly again, spreading Steve and grabbing at his ass roughly.
“You’re always good for me, love. Always,” Tony said, drifting the back of hand down one of Steve’s cheeks. Steve nuzzled into the man’s touch before finally pulling back, sitting back onto Tony’s length once more. He clenched his thighs around the genius’s sides, lifting his body before sinking down onto Tony who angled his hips, his erection now brushing Steve’s prostate.  Steve outright moaned, loudly quickly rising back up only to fall back to meet Tony’s bucking hips. He wanted more of that sweet electric bliss when the engorged head of Tony’s penis nudged against the bundle of nerves deep within him.
Forgetting himself, Tony observed the strapping musculature of Steve’s chest and abdomen before settling on his iridescent aqua tail. Steve was a remarkable sight in the name of science and physicality. Tony wasn’t sure why he had seemed so bewitched by Steve, but he cleared his throat, and took a breath, realizing he was not clandestine in his open observations of the merman.
“I’m pretty sure there’s nothing you could do that would make me uncomfortable, baby,” Tony chuckled, facing forward once more. The blonde just smirked, cheeks flushing at what he knew he was about to do.
Once he was done wiping his face the blonde looked at Tony, holding his gaze before they both broke out into giggling fits, Tony clutching his belly and half turning while Steve covered his mouth, his broad shoulders shaking.
“Taste so good baby,” Tony mumbled against Steve’s lips, biting at his pink mouth delicately. The super soldier pulled back just enough to grab Tony’s shirt and yank it over his head, tossing the fabric behind him and quickly delving back in. The brunette’s arc reactor glowed and hummed between them, Steve’s one hand cupping its metal rim. Steve had missed hearing that lovely sound while he was away, missed that constant reminder that Tony was here with him, alive, warm and absolutely enchanting.
He chickened out after that though, acting like nothing had happened between him and Steve. He’d seen him since then of course, but he never brought up that moment, and neither did Steve. And so, he let it go. It ate away at Tony though, wanting to just tell Steve the truth, and get the weight of it off his shoulders. It was when Steve was down in his workshop a few days after the snowball fight that Tony knew his time with the man was soon to run out.
“Oh, hi Tony,” Steve greeted him, an excited smile crossing his face. Tony noticed the man holding some paperwork when he took a step out of the elevator car.
“You’re so good to me, Tony,” Steve cooed, arching his body up and in towards his love’s, his face a mere inch or so away from the genius’s. Biting his rosy bottom lip, Steve lowered his eyes to Tony’s pretty mouth, as if it was the central magnet that inched him closer to the man.
Tony had tried to let it go, brushing it off as no big deal. He told himself it was because Pepper’s words were lingering in the back of his mind, about how he had affections towards Steve, nothing more.
“About your feelings for him,” Pepper said nonchalantly. And a flaming ire rose within Tony then, his sorrow quickly being replaced with annoyance.
“I know that you love me. And I love you.” Her voice was soft yet broken. “But we both deserve to be happy. And I know now, after years of trying to understand what it was we could do differently to make our love work,” she trailed off then, looking down at the ground. “I know now that it isn’t something we can fix. You can’t fix something that never worked in the first place.
“I am one hundred percent on board with that,” Tony beamed. The brunette helped Steve put on a fresh, thick grey comforter then, something perfect for them to cuddle under during the frigid winter night.
Steve couldn’t respond, overwhelmed with the feeling of Tony’s digits in his back side, his other hand prodding at his perineum again. The super soldier lost himself to the brush of the genius’s facial hair rubbing at his sweaty skin, and the sensuous touch of Tony’s lips kissing his back.
“I love you too, Tony,” Steve replied, his fingertips brushing at the brunette’s cropped and styled facial hair. “That’ll never change,” The super soldier added, which set Tony’s heart aflutter. Tony responded with a heated yet loving kiss to Steve’s mouth, everything truly perfect.
“Alright, fine,” Steve finally relented, obviously thinking Tony was a worrywart. The super soldier began to fiddle with the bow on his wrists then, trying to grasp the one tail to unravel the tie. “You don’t know how long it took me to tie my own wrists together,” he tittered as he worked.
“Guilty as charged,” Tony plopped down on the couch and Steve quickly followed, pressing his side against Tony’s. The brunette took the blonde’s hand in his, capturing Steve’s cerulean eyes with his deep amber gaze. “Can I ask you something though, Steve?”
Steve rested his head on Tony’s shoulder, pushing back in rhythm with his thrusts. Like with so many aspects of their life, they were in tandem, balanced. He felt the flaming heat in his belly again, wound tight. Steve was overwhelmed with Tony’s touch, the burst of pain as he rolled the sensitive flesh of a nipple between his fingers, the tight fist he had wrapped around his clothed length, and the sensation of being penetrated by Tony’s long and leaking cock. He was so close then, reaching a hand up to latch into Tony’s hair as he moaned low.
"Steve?" She questioned, hurrying over to him. She didn’t get there in time, for Steve reached out for her to help keep him balanced. Black spots flickered across his vision and he collapsed against the tile floor, unconscious.
A Sketch Request I had asked K-atnight on tumblr for! She is so talented, y'all gotta check her out!
“Sorry, sir. We were just leaving,” Steve apologized coolly, eyeing Tony before slipping out of the closet and walking away. The brunette watched him go, blindly grabbing the broom and handing it to the older man.
“You’re my everything,” the blonde whispered, “the man I want to wake up to every morning, and the man I want to hold as we fall asleep together.”  Tony closed his eyes at Steve’s words, a smile on his lips.
“It’s okay. I actually have an apartment suite that is move-in- ready a few blocks away,” the fair-haired woman said as they started toward the elevator. Tony furrowed his brows at that. So, she’d been planning this for at least a little while if she already had a place picked out and signed into contract.
He also decided to shower first. Tony was taking advantage of having internet connection, getting a few business matters in order. Steve had felt bad for him, Tony just never seemed to get a break. He was constantly demanded, never having time to just live. Steve sighed to himself as he stepped into the shower. And Tony was concerned with
“Hold on, Cap,” I’m just getting started here,” Tony purred against Steve’s ear, nipping at the lobe. He dipped his finger inside Steve’s body a mere inch, relaxing the muscles there in soothing strokes. Tony’s other hand traveled to Steve’s front, giving feather light touches to the blonde’s weeping length.
“My name is Steven,” he answered, giving a small smile as he felt himself relax some more. “I go by Steve though,” he added after a moment.
“Im not gonna do it,” Tony said, slouching back into the black leather chair, folding his arms defiantly.
“Did you like watching me?” Steve asked while he pulled on his underwear and shifted his screen while he too found his way under his sheets.
“This is your company, Tony,” Pepper said gently then, laying a hand on the inventor’s sinewy shoulder. “Your father passed his business to you, not Obadiah. You have the ultimate say in what Stark Weaponry does.” Tony huffed a sigh, looking at Pepper with sincerity. He didn’t know what he would do without her.
“Amazing,” Steve slurred, taking a deep breath and smiling up at Tony. The brunette loved the man’s easy smile, always causing butterflies to flutter anew within him.
“Mmm, yeah maybe I do,” Tony purred, a hand drifting down to tickle the bottom of one of Steve’s feet.
"Hilarious," Steve said, playing it off as nothing. Thankfully, from the workout Steve was already flushed, so nobody could see the blush on his skin for Natasha calling him out on his staring.
“No, no I want this. Want you Tony,” Steve assured him with a soft smile. And Tony smiled too, massaging small circles into Steve’s lower back.
“That’s never gonna happen, Cap,” Tony said amused. “But, it’s surly going to be entertaining for two men who’ve never fished before try to figure this all out,” Tony laughed, grabbing up that awesome red and gold pole. “What are we even fishing for?”
“Look stop beating around the bush, Steve. I am a grown man; I can take it.” He said, voice raising, his defenses building.
“I hope you like it,” Steve breathed before he turned and headed for the elevator, his chest tight. he felt like he was going to pass out as he pressed the button for his floor. he could hardly look at Tony then, as if he did, it would have revealed something to the brunette.
“Is this the welcome back of a lifetime so far?” Tony asked once they pulled away to catch some air.
He didn’t stop there like he should have, rather he took in the spread of Steve’s back, and the smooth skin that molded over defined muscles. Tony didn’t understand his actions, it’s not like he hadn’t seen Steve shirtless before, and he paid no mind then. Yet now, he observed every little detail. It was only when Steve had turned back around, meeting Tony’s eyes that the genius remembered himself, focusing back to the conversation he was having on the phone.
Tony didn’t have a chance to stave off his orgasm, his seed spilling from his length and into the blonde’s mouth. Steve swallowed the ropes of come easily, his eyes pinching shut in concentration. The super soldier pumped Tony’s erection with his one hand, wringing the man dry.
Tony left Nick Fury’s New York S.H.I.E.L.D office, slipping into the Iron Man suit that was waiting outside for him.
Once Steve was feeling alright, his friend helped him up, Sam giving the super soldier a bottle of water.
“Will that be all, Mr. Stark?” Pepper asked, and God, did Tony feel everything in his world crumble beneath him.
When he fell asleep, Tony figured that was the end of everything, him checking out Steve’s physique didn’t amount to anything. Anyone with eyes could see that the man was fit. But then, when he woke up to pee, only to walk back toward the bed and notice Steve was gone, Tony felt his chest tighten. He knew what had happened; Steve had a nightmare, and knowing that the man was outside alone, trying to recover by himself chipped away at Tony’s heart.
Tony needed to come, but he wanted Steve to fall apart first. So, as he continued to stroke the blonde’s heavy cock, Tony twisted his wrist, only to drag his nails ever so lightly around the engorged shaft. He could feel Steve’s body tense up, his breath catching before he orgasmed for the third time, spilling into the brunette’s hand and down his thighs as he cried Tony’s name. It was like music to the genius’s ears.
“Love you, Stevie,” Tony replied, kissing Steve’s chest right over the already fading love bite from earlier. He’d appreciate the markings till the morning at least.
Neither of the men moved for what seemed to be forever, both Steve and Tony completely spent from their intimate fun.
“Come on baby, fuck yourself,” Tony gently commanded. He grasped Steve’s shoulder, bracing himself as he transfixed his gaze on the super soldier and the way his fingers disappeared with each pulse of Steve’s hips. The excessive lubricant spilled from Steve’s gleaming hole, the pink muscles of his opening stretched beautiful taut around the brunette’s digits. That sight alone was enough for the blood in Tony body to make its way into his nether regions, his penis becoming hard once again.
Clearing his throat, Tony looked over to see Steve smiling sneakily at him, his blue eyes glowing beautifully with the reflection of the fire light in the hearth. The blonde simply winked at him before grabbing his cup of hot chocolate, bringing it to his lips and sipping it nonchalantly.
“Obie, I do not want us to make any decisions with Hydra Energy until I have truly looked over everything, all right?” Tony explained firmly, though he wondered how stern he looked with a wrapped, swollen hand. “And what did you do with that merman? Did you return him to the sea?”
“Tony, I think you got a bite!” Steve said excitedly, knocking Tony from his daydream. He looked to see his pole bouncing gently, small ripples expanding around his moving bobber. Tony yanked his pole back quickly, but as he reeled the hook in he could feel no resistance. And when the line arose from the water, Tony had nothing but a hook.
He was fiddling with one of the chest plates of the Iron Man suit as he mulled over her thoughts for the eight thousandth time. Tony knew he couldn’t look at Steve without feeling some sort of resentment towards him, and that wouldn’t be fair to the man whatsoever. It wasn’t his fault Pepper tarnished his views of his dear friend. On top of all the nonsensical thoughts about Steve, Tony was still single. He was grateful, truly for Pepper still being his life, still being the friends they’d been for years. It was an adjustment though, not having her as a loving companion. It also sucked that he couldn’t talk to Steve about it. Besides Rhodey, Steve was about the only person Tony actually cared to listen to besides himself.
“Then you better hurry home, Tony.” Steve was sleepy, Tony was too. And so he wished his boyfriend goodnight. But before he could disconnect he heard Steve call his name.
“I wasn’t going to ask you this yet,” Tony began then, slipping his hands free from his boyfriend’s. “But maybe it is exactly what we need right now…” Tony rose off the bed then and headed for the living room, only to return a moment later.
“Well no worries. People are pretty quiet and respectful around here. Nobody should be bothering you,” Jerry said.
Ever since the Avengers moved into the tower, Tony had secretly yearned to be closer with Steve. For them to be friends. And though they have grown since the battle of New York, it still didn't seem to be enough for Tony.
Steve, with a raised brow followed the chocolate trail, the pastel foil shimmering in the window lighting. The trail took him through the kitchen where Steve happened upon a post it note. He couldn’t help but smile fondly at Tony’s chicken scratch. ‘Getting close there, Stevie,’ it read. The eggs now turned to jelly beans, and so, Steve continued, popping a few of the beans in his mouth as he went.
“I thought I could come down here and keep you company while you worked on whatever it is you’re doing,” Steve started, his voice perky, his blue eyes big. And Tony felt the dreaded butterflies break out of their cocoons and fill his gut.
“I wish I had a camera or something to record you like this so you could see just how fucking beautiful you are, Steve,” Tony breathed out, reaching for his nightstand drawer to grab a mostly used lube out.
"Oh," Steve remarked, unsure of how to feel about this. "Well, thanks, I suppose," Steve added before offering Tony something to eat and drink.
“Have you ever read a Grimm’s fairytale?” Steve inquired, a brow quirked. “This is nothing compared to those. And I wasn’t done. The gods had seen Brayan’s self-sacrifice as well as Ferris’s bravery and strength. And so, they lifted their souls up into the heavens, creating them there. The one burns slightly red for Brayan’s selflessness, and that one burns blue for Ferris’s diligence and valor. Their earthly bodies perished, but their spirits live on in the sky, together.” Steve finished the tale, looking at Tony who had his eyes on the stars still.
“I love knowing that I’m yours, beloved,” Steve answered after a moment, opening his cerulean eyes to stare back into his lover’s warm ones. Tony grinned, bringing his hand back up to rest on Steve’s shoulder.
“No, I am not blind to my feelings. Maybe you’re the one who is just realizing you dumped me for no reason and are trying to justify it somehow,” Tony barked, his brows furrowed, his eyes becoming a glare.
It was early December now, and the Avengers were hosting just a small party after a successful mission of infiltrating a Hydra facility. They were getting closer and closer to finding where Loki’s scepter was, and by the information they had received from this last mission, Steve figured they were close.
Steve still held on to Tony’s chest, shifting down to meet his boyfriend’s thrusts. He moaned dirtily, spurring Tony on, wanting the genius to take all that he wanted from Steve. His blue eyes were half-lidded, watching Tony’s facial expression as he got closer to release. Each stroke inside his tight channel left Steve reeling, the walls of his entrance becoming even more sensitive. “Ehn, Tony,” Steve said, his head falling back.
, Tony. I’ve fallen in love with you,” Steve confessed. Tony could actually feel his chest tighten to the point he thought it would burst when he heard those words. “And I can’t explain it, why you’ve created these feelings I thought had died within me when I had gone under those 70 years ago,” Steve paused, taking a breath. “I’ve felt this way about you for a long time, Tony. And I’m sorry if it makes you uncomfortable or weirded out by it. But there it is,” Steve added, spreading his hands. “Take it with what you will.” Tony was lacking in the verbal department, everything Steve saying settling inside his brain.
“Soon, love. Soon, and you’ll be screaming my name while I fuck you,” Tony replied, almost growling predatorily as he nuzzled in the crook of Steve’s neck, kissing it and nipping at the thick tendon. Steve made a pleasant sound at that, tilting his neck for easier access.
Steve, still propped up on those soft pillows, allowed himself to see Tony working between his legs, opening him up with that intimate toy he’d got. Everything Tony was doing felt like a gentle wave of pleasure, nothing overstimulating, just a nice soothing touch.
Tony’s orgasm came over him in a rush. He felt his body tingle from head to toe then, the coil in his belly exploding like fireworks throughout each cell and every fiber of his being. His mind released from reality as the super soldier tightened around his shaft. The way Steve was, so ruined by Tony and how they moved together, all pushed the brunette to his crescendo, his come flooding inside Steve.
“You should have left it in the ocean,” Steve murmured to Fury as he left the gym, thinking of how the tesseract was safest out of the hands of anyone or anything.
“And look at this mess you made,” the genius giggled, slipping one finger up Steve’s wet belly and chest. The super soldier’s cheeks flushed, though he chuckled as well.
“Harder, Tony,” Steve said in both a command and a plea as he gripped a pillow with one hand and the head board with the other.
“You’re afraid that you’re going to get rejected. Tony Stark, possibly getting shot down,” Rhodey smirked. Tony only glared at him before throwing a balled up napkin at the other man. “Come on, Tony. Ask him. What’s the worst that could happen?”
Looking himself over in the mirror then, Steve smiled in approval, checking how his luscious bum looked in the thong. Tony loved his ass, and Steve wasn’t gonna lie, it was one of his best features. He also appreciated how the garter belt smoothed over his lower abs, enunciating his trim hips. And seeing how his muscular thighs and legs flexed under the soft sheer stockings was a lovely balance of masculine femininity.
“Well, if someone has to know, at least it is her,” Steve said with a grin. “She won’t say anything,” Tony nodded and smirked, his fingers sliding up from the lace to the perky, hard nipples of his boyfriend, loving how much Steve pressed into his touch. Lowering his head, Tony grazed his lips along a pebbled peak, hearing Steve gasp a breath. Slowly the genius darted his tongue out to lap at the pink nipple, swirling it around the hard nub, only to then suckle on it gently. All the while, Tony moved his thumb in a circular motion around Steve’s other nipple, appreciating the sensuous energy their foreplay induced between them.
, in awe of his beauty. The reality of Steve saying ‘yes’ to Tony’s proposal was still dumbfounding to him. Tony understood
Every so often he would get a glimpse of Steve, the man moving from one wall to the next, watching everything. Tony had wanted to go talk with him, to see if he was enjoying himself. But when his gaze would lock with the super soldier’s, Steve would turn away, almost shyly before taking a sip of the drink in his hand. Tony only assumed he wanted to be alone and ignored the pang in his chest. He and Steve were close friends, and there was a part of him that wanted to confide in the blonde about his crumbled relationship with Pepper. But Steve didn’t seem to want company, and so Tony kept his distance, jumping from group to group as the party progressed into the late evening.
“So, you don’t know who she is?” Natasha asked, and Steve shook his head staring at the wall on the other side of the room. “Since when does Tony Stark have a mystery woman? He never keeps his interests hidden,” Natasha continued. “Have you seen her around the tower?”
“Yeah, he’s been more reserved than usual,” Steve simply said, answering Maria’s question with a shrug of his shoulders, acting like it didn’t matter. He headed into the quinjet then, seeing Clint already in the pilot seat, waiting for orders. Thor and Natasha chatted lightly in the corner while Tony leaned on an elbow, thrumming his fingers on the arm of his chair, brown eyes staring off at nothing in particular.
Bracing himself, Tony pushed into Steve the rest of the way until his sac was flush with the super soldier. The brunette started their rhythm, a hand gripping Steve’s side, the other latched onto the blonde’s thigh.
Walking up behind Tony who was sitting on the couch and now talking to someone on the phone while discussing his business shenanigans, Steve wrapped his arms around the guy’s neck, nuzzling into it and breathing Tony’s masculine scent that mixed with his cologne. Placing small kisses on the man’s skin, Steve drifted his hands up and down over Tony’s chest and belly, slowly finding their way under Tony’s shirt to feel his warm skin. Tony was in the midst of talking, and Steve heard him stutter out his words, turning to see Steve’s blue eyes piercing into his brown ones.
Steve didn’t waste any time smiling a boyish grin and nodding, a small giggle escaping him. He just couldn’t believe this was actually happening. Finally, Steve could have the love he desired for so long.
She hadn’t been lying when she had said that. Steve, no, Captain America, had been someone he had grown up loving, and looking up to. He was the hero of America, the symbol of what the country stood for. Howard had always talked about this righteous man, the perfect embodiment of America. And for a young Tony, who in his father’s eyes would always walk in Captain America’s shadow, wanted to be exactly like the very first superhero. Because then his father would be proud of him and would love him.
The team made their way back to Avengers Tower, taking the long way round so that they passed through the private outdoor training yard. Steve and Tony were the last to shuffle through, though Steve didn’t mind that one bit. He clung to every quiet moment he could when it was just him and the brunette.
“I would be okay with that,” Steve finally said, leaning in to kiss Tony on the lips before trailing a line of open mouthed kisses down his jaw, appreciating the coarse hair there. “Let me be good for you,” he added before he felt Tony lift his chin up with a finger then, staring intently into Steve’s eyes.
When 7pm rolled around, Steve took the subway to Brooklyn once more, finding the apartment complex that was listed on Tony’s letter. He quirked an eyebrow, pushing open the glass door and making his way into the lobby.
“And at first I thought she was crazy, that she obviously was mistaken,” Tony continued, lowering his voice when more people were nearby. “But these last couple months, I’ve been seeing Steve in a new light, a
“You, uh, you’ve got a rip in your suit,” Tony whispered, pointing down.” Steve looked down at his front quizzically. “No, no. On your butt,” he clarified. Steve gasped then, his cheeks beet red as he covered up his behind with his shield.
“Oh, Steve, how you are everything to me too,” Tony breathed, clasping Steve’s hand between his own.
“No,” Steve simply said, sluggishly standing and pulling Tony up with him. “I’m thanking you for being you, the most loving, selfless and considerate man I have ever known.” Steve cupped Tony’s jaw, lightly dragging his thumb over his scruffy chin. Steve was thanking him for so much more than that, he just didn’t know how to say it. Tony was the best thing to come into his life, and he treated Steve with so much respect, love and belief, even when Steve was so unsure of himself.
“That’d be great, buddy. Thanks,” Tony responded, hitting the button to raise up the glass window panels around the area to create that glass igloo structure. They’d still be able to see out the glass, as the moon rose heavenly in the night sky. But Tony designed and constructed the windows in a way that nobody would be able to see within.
Steve adjusted his hips, rocking onto Tony’s cock while tightening his hole around the other man, surprising the genius with an intensified drag of friction. “Come on, Tony. Let yourself go for me,” Steve said, his voice cutting off, only to moan explicitly as Tony hit that bundle of nerves with his leaking length. His boyfriend then sat up, bracketing Steve between his torso and bent knees, holding him in place as his pulsing hips started to lose their cadence, Tony’s groans becoming even more desperate the faster he fucked the blonde.
“God, you’re so enchanting…so gorgeous,” Steve whispered, his eyes closing then while he caressed Tony’s warm and sweaty skin. The genius murmured something Steve couldn’t quite catch, though he had a feeling the brunette wasn’t really forming words to begin with.
“Sure, that’d be great,” Steve replied, turning to grab up a stool so that he could be near him as he worked. Tony caught himself smiling fondly at the man. Steve didn’t say anything while Tony situated himself back on the roller seat, tools and goggles by his side. The blonde was already working on his charcoal drawing, Tony listening to the scratch of the pencil to paper. He gnawed on his bottom lip a few moments, watching the blonde.
“It’s been hard though, I am not gonna deny that,” Tony whispered, kissing Steve’s forehead then. “If it’s not Avengers business, it’s me having to travel for Stark Industries.” Tony leaned back and pouted, his eyes meeting the super soldier’s. “We haven’t had much time together lately.” The blonde nodded in agreement as Tony took his love’s hands in his own.
When Tony came, so did Steve, their moans hitting a crescendo as they peaked together in physical, emotional, and mental euphoric bliss. Steve pawed at Tony’s back, his mouth agape against the brunette’s neck as the waves of his orgasm simmered. Tony was heaving too, his chest flush with Steve’s, his arms shaking until he lowered them so that he laid unrestrained on his love.
“I’m almost done with the paperwork from the mission yesterday,” Steve started. His stomach grumbled then and he paused, looking up at Tony who was holding back his smile. Tony cracked first though, one eyebrow quirking up as he laughed. Steve giggled too, his cheeks going red from embarrassment before getting up. “breakfast?” He offered.
“I wasn’t being self-righteous,” Steve countered, taking a step closer to Tony, his defenses rising even higher. Tony held his gaze, the man’s brown eyes, usually warm and comforting, now harsh and unwavering.
Steve stopped mid stride then as he headed toward his fridge, only to look back at the card and folder that held Tony's profile. The man was arrogant and superficial, Steve thought. That's what he picked up from the debriefing papers. But there was something so familiar about the brunette genius, not just because he was Howard's son, but something that went beyond that. As if they had met before.
“Love?” Tony started, crawling up beside Steve then. “You okay?” The genius brushed a few blonde strands off his love’s sweaty brow before sinking his hand downward, gently grabbing at his boyfriend’s plush bum. Steve turned to look at him, smiling almost shyly at his lover before speaking.
Thrusting his hips up then, Tony found a new angle as he felt himself nearing the edge of everything. His body was aching, his thighs quaking as he found himself leaning heavily against Steve’s back. It was then, that he felt his love arch back, moaning loud enough that Tony was sure someone in the building could have heard it.
“Oh, you’re on,” Steve said, going back to the shore to put on fresh bait. It was mere friendly competition. And Tony was totally going to win.
Once the panties were off and discarded to the floor of their haven, Tony positioned a few throw pillows under Steve’s tummy, propping his behind up enticingly. The genius asked the super soldier to spread his legs a little more, and Steve obeyed without hesitation, splaying himself perfectly before his lover. The brunette gave him a small pat on the bum in gratitude before leaning to press an open mouth kiss to one of the other man’s cheeks.
Steve looked at his wrists then, seeing a piece of the silky ribbon around one of them, the fabric fraying at the end where it tore. He looked back at Tony and they both snickered.
It was Steve who began their cadence once again, shifting his hips and clenching his thighs as he lifted himself up, only to slide back down onto the man he loved.
Leaving the subway station, Steve found himself walking his old streets of Brooklyn, seeing all that was new and what had stayed the same. He’d visited the borough a few times since he had awoken in the new century, remembering the past. He was still looking for a place here, for when there was down time between missions. He knew it would be hard now, since he and Tony were co-leaders of the Avengers. It’d probably be best that he was at the tower and readily available.
“Blindsided you, didn’t it?” Tony said in regard to the man’s orgasm, and Steve smiled drunkenly up at his boyfriend.
Sitting by the tree with their mugs, they waited a little longer until J.A.R.V.I.S informed them that Tony wasn’t in the tower at all. Steve felt a dull ache fill within him, and he couldn’t help but think it was because of him. Why would Tony want to be around him now that he knew the truth about Steve’s affections. They began to exchange their gifts. Though Tony was absent, the genius still had all his gifts waiting under the tree with the rest of the team’s.
“Everyone doing okay?” Steve asked his boyfriend as the ambulance drove away, leaving the two men alone amongst the rubble.
“Ah, S-Steve,” Tony cried his, his voice an octave higher than usual as he fought for breath. Tony carded a hand roughly through Steve’s hair, the other digging into his own thigh. The blonde let out a moan of his own at that sweet pain Tony’s hand provided as his fingers pulled at his short, fair hair.
When he finally got his pants and underwear off, Tony knelt behind Steve only to then wrap his arms around his love’s torso. Steve leaned back against him, turning his head in search of Tony’s mouth. Tony allowed him one kiss before he gently turned Steve’s face back toward the mirror. “Do you see how magnificent you are, Stevie?” Tony asked, resting his chin on one of Steve’s shoulders as his hands drifted over the plains of the blonde’s belly.
“We’ll manage,” Steve grumbled happily, wrapping his arms around Tony once more, flipping him so Tony was on his back and Steve was straddling his thighs. Steve yanked Tony’s boxers down, watching the man’s thick erection spring out of its confines. “Mmm, can’t wait to have you fuck me senseless,” Steve said gruffly, reaching into his nightstand to grab a lube bottle.
Knowing that would do his lover in, Tony placed loving, tender kisses upon Steve’s spine as the blonde had his second orgasm. Steve let out a sultry cry of pleasure, his entrance clenching tightly around Tony’s calloused fingers. Steve bucked frantically, rutting against the sheets until he was milked dry.
“Tony, I swear to God,” Steve bit out, his face flushed, body trembling with restraint. “If you keep teasing, I’m not gonna last.” Steve finished, trying to get Tony to speed up the process. Not that he didn’t enjoy what Tony was doing to him. Steve just didn’t know how much more he could take before he orgasmed. And they hadn’t even gotten to the best part.
"Really? Does it do anything when you're around him?" Bruce inquired, taking a seat on a stool near Tony.
“I don’t care, want to feel you open me with your cock, Tony.” And before Tony could say anything else, Steve lowered himself onto Tony’s erection, biting his lip as the man’s fullness slowly started to open his body. Tony watched him, his fingers digging almost painfully into Steve’s hips as the man’s warmth surrounded him. Steve was fucking gorgeous, his mouth open, panting as the head of Tony’s penis finally slipped past the ring of muscle of Steve’s entrance.
“Gotta make up for lost time,” the super soldier agreed, giggling lightly. Tony cradled Steve’s cheek in his hand, fingers drifting over his chiseled bone structure. The brunette traced his thumb along that puffy, kiss bitten bottom lip of his lover’s, the ruby skin warm to the touch. Steve made a quiet noise of content, his eyelids half closed. As his love caressed his lip, Steve couldn’t help but dart his tongue out, licking at Tony’s thumb just a bit.
Steve rolled his hips back and forth, his hole catching on the meaty crown of Tony’s cock. Each brush against his beloved’s skin ignited sparks of lust that resonated through the blonde’s ass, to his erection and up through his chest.
Steve naturally blushed at Tony’s wandering eyes. “Oh this old thing?” Steve asked, laughing at his own silliness before looking down at his nightie. It was actually a new garment, and he adored how the empire waistline gathered right under his pectorals. The silky fabric that covered his chest, turned into a sheer, pale blue gossamer chiffon fabric, that pleated under his pecs and cascaded down his muscular abdomen and trim waist. Just for extra flair, Steve twirled in a circle, the nightie billowing out around him to reveal the creamy satin undies he wore, the edges trimmed in creamy eyelet lace.
Steve left the gala in a hurry, keeping is head down, avoiding eye contact so that he could leave the building uninterrupted. He went back to the tower, only to change into more casual attire and head back out, catching the subway train. Though it was late, the train car was still rather full, people working third shift or students who had been studying late. Steve saw a man with a bag filled with toys, a stuffed bear peeking out of the top. Christmas was right around the corner, he figured there were still some last minute shopping to get done.
After a pause, Tony put lube on the next two beads that were a bit bigger than the first. With a hand on Steve’s hip, his palm moving over the blonde’s warm skin, Tony pushed the second and then the third bead into Steve’s body. It wasn’t until the fourth bead that Tony could feel a bit of resistance as he guided it into his love.
“I think we shall,” Steve remarked, smiling coyly. “Never thought we’d have boyfriends, huh?” And Tony chuckled, shaking his head.
energetic force that could bring two people together and bond them for eternity. It was believed that each person was destined to be with their other half, their soulmate. Together they could not only enhance the beauty in each other, but also bring out each other’s inner strength, protectiveness and loyalty. Mentally and emotionally the soulmates were one body, their faithfulness to each other unparalleled.
"When I am around you, my mark burns, and a yearning for you engulfs my mind, body and soul, wanting us to be close," Steve conceded. "I know this is new, eccentric, and uncharted for both of us. But I needed to tell you. I wanted you to know, for both our sakes." Steve waited for the other man to say something, but Tony was quiet, clearly pondering something. Steve felt a wave of anxiety hit him and he was ready to go back to his quarters when Tony finally spoke.
“Now I’m even more nervous than before,” Steve mumbled bending down a little so she could reach his hair with more ease.
“I don’t know how I could forget that you like being manhandled… that you like it when I’m rough with you, Stevie,” Tony said, his other hand traveling to the wet spot at the front of Steve’s romper. The wet silk was cool on his warm erection, and his breath caught when Tony slipped his hand underneath the fabric and started to stroke his aching arousal. Steve bucked into the man’s fist, only to just about loose his mind when Tony’s other hand found its way under the fabric that covered Steve’s ass, his fingers massaging at his hole.
Tony could feel Steve’s desperation after a moment, the blonde meeting Tony’s strokes a bit frantically.
So on Christmas morning, Steve was already up and making hot chocolate as the team filed in, eyes heavy, their movements sluggish. Steve wished them a Merry Christmas and a good morning, handing each of them a mug of the warm comforting drink, topped with whipped cream. Everyone had arrived, save for Tony.
Tony wouldn’t deny that feeling his skin against Steve’s was absolutely earth shaking, his arousal overly sensitive. But when he saw his precome stick to Steve’s rim, the white thread breaking off a moment later, it was then the genius’s desire for his boyfriend could not be ignored.
“Hey now,” Tony murmured against Steve’s mouth. “You think kissing me is gonna get you out of that comment?” Steve grinned, biting his boyfriend’s bottom lips and pulling back a bit.
The brunette just watched Steve sleeping deeply, his breathing even, and his lashes splayed out against his cheekbones. The faint glow of his arc reactor lit Steve’s face, highlighting the blonde’s chiseled features as he sighed in his sleep, nuzzling closer into Tony’s chest. Tony should have tried to nudge Steve over, or wiggle out from under him so he could lay on his side. But, he didn’t do either. Instead, he carded a hand through Steve’s hair, feeling the softness of it between his fingers. Steve looked so peaceful, his brows relaxed up, the faintest curve of a smile on his pink lips. He couldn’t help but think how handsome Steve was. And that stirring inside Tony was like that of the ocean tide, slowly washing up over his toes, inching closer and closer until he felt like he was drowning.
Steve was practically speed walking away from Tony who had been scolding him since they left the debriefing room. Unfortunately, Steve couldn’t avoid the man when they both needed to use the elevator. Tony really should have more than one private elevator for the Avengers’ floors. He’d tried to be calm and collected while Tony’s fiery personality surfaced from the depths, but Steve was fed up with Tony calling him reckless.
Shortly into the speech, the woman explained how she knew Peggy since she was a baby, that the renowned co-founder of S.H.I.E.L.D was indeed her aunt. “Aunt Peggy would sometimes tuck me in at night and tell me a wild tale from the war,” this Sharon woman said, and parts of the crowd oohed and awed. Tony grimaced and looked to Steve who was smiling from ear to ear, laughing when Sharon described a more comical story Agent Carter had told her. Something about the men playing hot potato with one of the soldier’s favorite bowler hat. None of that mattered to Tony though; Steve had the hots for Peggy’s niece?! Tony wasn’t one to judge, but that just wasn’t right.
“Steve, you’ve gotta relax, baby,” Steve nodded, closing his eyes and taking deep, steady breaths to calm his body. Tony massaged the fingers of his free hand into Steve’s thigh, the act soothing him, and reminding the blonde that Tony was right there with him. He could feel his tense muscles release some, his body melting into the comforter. He opened his eyes to see Tony watching him, a hint of concern in his expression.
“Steve, I-I’m so close,” Tony whined, flicking at the blonde’s nipples and seeing the perky flesh redden under his rough touches. Steve lurched into his boyfriend’s touch, craving more. The blonde breathed heavily, the air absurdly thick as he panted, mouth agape while he watched his love caress him with skilled hands. He really wanted to see Tony come undone, to see his handsome features as his orgasm washed over him.
Steve sighed at the touch, pressing into Tony’s warm comforting hand, the slightly calloused roughness sending a pleasant chill up the super soldier’s spine. Tony’s lips were so soft as they roamed over Steve’s own, his short dark facial hair gently scratching along Steve’s jaw and upper lip. The blonde could detect a hint of the dark brew coffee that lingered on the other man’s tongue.
Thor was probably the most joyous. Once he had the scepter, he would be able to go back to Asgard and have it deciphered there. The demigod’s voice boomed through the communal area, his laughter deep and hearty, causing even the saddest heart to lighten. He introduced Steve to his love, Jane, a very kind woman with a kind smile, along with her intern Darcy. She had given him a wave, followed by “Sup?” before she had disappeared shortly after to the food table.
“Want you too, love,” Tony breathed as he licked the underside of both of Steve’s pectorals, making another love bite on the super soldier’s chest, this time biting that velvety nipple. Steve arched his back when the brunette’s teeth sunk into the firm muscle and hardened flesh, his voice a raspy cry as he felt his body fall apart. His orgasm seemed to come out of nowhere, though by the way Tony touched and kissed him, the blonde wasn’t all that surprised. Steve’s mind floated, his muscles one by one relaxing back into their natural state, his breathing fighting to even out.
He gave Tony credit, the man keeping his cool as Steve bit at his shoulder through his shirt. But it was when Steve’s one hand traveled over Tony’s firm chest and reactor while the other hand palmed his groin that caused Tony to hitch a breath, his voice strained as he tried to answer the man on the phone. Steve did his best to stifle his chuckle, burying his face further into Tony’s shoulder.
“I promise I’ll take care of you, love,” Tony cooed, the hand on the blonde’s cheek trailing down Steve’s neck and across the line of his clavicle, the sensation of his rough fingertips dancing upon his soft skin.
“For the hundredth time, Tony, I had to act! I wasn’t gonna let that creature eat those people on the street,” Steve remarked.
Steve held onto Tony’s shoulders, finding his love’s mouth and kissing him yet again. He was over stimulated at this point, his entrance stretched, the feeling ripe, almost painful. But that feeling was nothing compared to how breathtaking Tony was in that moment, the sight making Steve hard once more. He brought his knees to his chest, giving the brunette better access to his body while he traced his hands down the outline of Tony’s spine.
“Oh, you’ll see,” Tony winked before helping his boyfriend get his jeans off.  Tony giggled leaning in to kiss Steve’s mouth, his tongue tracing the blonde’s full bottom lip, red from all the kissing and biting he’d done to it. The brunette traced his hands over the borders of his beloved’s body, pressing into the soft skin that molded over hard muscle. Steve always enjoyed the bite of pain when they made love. And when he heard Steve sigh as his fingers pressed deeply into the super soldier’s sides, Tony couldn’t help but smile. Knowing he could make Steve so compliant in his arms was always a sight to see.
“You okay, Steve?” Tony bit out, his eyes looking up at Steve in awe, focusing on his boyfriend instead of the pulsing heat of his aching erection.
Another soul piped in then. “Yeah, we just wanted to give the new line and rope a try before we reached the main land,” an older crewman said casually. Tony looked back to the younger crewman, his face blotchy and red. The brunette inventor figured the kid was lying, either way Tony disregarded it and took a step closer to the distressed sea creature still bound in rope and listing to the left side a bit.
“Like I need to boost your ego even more with an art piece dedicated to you?” Steve laughed, taking a bite of his eggplant parmesan.
“I’ve never believed any fairytale creature to be real,” Tony said, smiling lightly. There was a pause before Tony continued. “I am sorry, I must be overstepping all bounds of etiquette,” Tony chuckled, taking a step back from the merman. “My apologies.”
It was then that Tony broke away from their passionate kissing and guided Steve to turn around. Steve didn’t need to be told anything, quickly understanding what Tony was doing and obliging eagerly.
“I may have come, but I’ve got another one in me somewhere…might just be a moment for it make its grand entrance,” Tony smirked. Steve gave his love a quizzical look. Tony would only orgasm once during their love making. Usually it was Steve who had an impressive refractory speed. It thrilled the blonde though, being able to see the brunette come a second time in a day was icing on the cake of their already magical moment.
“See! And I’m a one trick pony,” Tony laughed, kissing in between Steve’s pectorals. “Gotta make it count.” Tony leaned up then, kissing Steve flush on the lips before kneeling between the man’s legs.
He couldn’t avoid the inevitable though, so Tony took a long shower, letting the heated water work some of the tension from his muscles. Once he was done, he dressed in an old t-shirt and boxers, flopping down into the plush king size bed with his Stark Pad, awaiting Steve’s call. It was only a few moments when he saw the little icon in corner and he pressed the button to connect to his boyfriend.
He was tired from the day of boring business bullshit, but nothing a cup of coffee couldn’t fix; he and Steve were going to video chat tonight. Tony had missed seeing that gorgeous boyfriend of his. But Steve wasn’t contacting him a lot these past few days and that made Tony nervous. Was Steve busy? Did he get called in for an Avenger mission? No, he couldn’t have or Tony would have been called in as well. He couldn’t help but worry that Steve may be distancing himself from Tony. And of course the genius assumed the worst, that Steve would soon enough end their relationship. But if that was why Steve wanted to video chat? That had to be it. A pit fell in Tony’s gut then, a wave of nerves rushing over him like a stormy sea.
“You made a mess of my mirror,” Tony remarked, grinning like mad then. Steve tilted his head to see, chuckling then.
He watched them, as their two bodies became one, and he sighed Tony’s name like a mantra. He saw Tony’s eyes close then, the man gritting his teeth as he continued to pound into Steve’s sensitive ass.
“So when there were those nights that I couldn’t seem to sleep, my mom and I would sit on the small bay window in our living room apartment, and we would look up at the stars. Mind you there weren’t as many stars as this,” Steve chuckled lightly. “But there were more stars than there are now in Brooklyn.” He heard Tony laugh at that, the man adjusting the blanket over his shoulders.
“Marvelous,” Tony said under his breath, completely shocked by Steve rapid healing. The scientist within Tony wanted to know how everything in this sea creature’s body functioned, as if to take him apart to understand. But Tony was not like the members of his crew, where they saw Steve as a creature beneath human life, or just some spectacle.
“Fuck me harder, baby,” Steve said, hooking his legs around Tony’s lower back, a heel pressing in there to urge the man on. The genius practically growled low, doing exactly what Steve requested. He angled his hips up and began to pound into his boyfriend relentlessly, Tony’s mouth finding its way to the crook of Steve’s neck, sucking at the skin till the blood vessels broke. The moans that left Steve were absolutely obscene when Tony changed his angle. When Tony bucked into Steve, he hit an extremely sensitive spot inside him, sending pleasure up through his body. It was a sensation he never knew existed, and Steve figured that it was his prostate Tony was hitting now with the tip of his cock. See, research is helpful. The bliss that washed over Steve was like waves of the ocean, gently swaying him until the water consumed his entire being.
“Steve, come for me, baby. Please,” Tony rushed out as he started stroking himself once more, his finger inside him pushing in and out.
Shutting the door behind him, Tony made his way through the luxury suite of the hotel, loosening his tie and tossing his suite jacket on a nearby sofa. God, he hated those damn meetings. He really didn’t need to be there, the business spectrum was all Pepper, and he trusted her more than himself when it came to that part of Stark Industries. He designed and created all their tech; he never doubted his work, he was a genius after all. He should be in New York, not spending his week sitting around a table filled with men and women who, to put frankly, he really didn’t care about; they weren’t Steve.
Steve took them to an empty hallway, opening the first unlocked door and shoving both of them inside. It was dark and cramped, and it took Steve a moment to find the light switch. Once he did, the yellow glowing bulb hummed above them, revealing that they were in fact in a janitorial closet.
There was only one problem. Steve didn’t know how to exactly contact Iron Man. It’s not like he knew his address or phone number. He could, of course, call Tony and ask him to connect the call to Iron Man, like he did before, but he didn’t want to bother Tony too much. To be honest, it felt like he already was. But as much as Steve wanted to respect Tony’s privacy, he couldn’t shake the worry off. He had to at least know if Iron Man was still alive and kicking.
“Right. I’ll come over immediately,” Tony announced, and that… wasn’t exactly what Steve had hoped for. He bit his lip. He didn’t mind Tony, but he just preferred Iron Man. Besides, Tony was a busy man, it would be rude of Steve to interrupt his busy life with some kittens.
On his way home, after sorting everything out, Steve had decided to deviate from the normal path home, and instead walked through an old alleway. He hadn’t thought much of it, and just wanted to change things up a little. The alleyway had been quiet. No sign of any activity could be seen. It had given Steve some time for his thoughts, which were mostly about the Avengers. After Thor, Iron Man, Giant-Man and Wasp had resigned, Steve was left with the responsibility and leadership over the whole new team. Although he wasn’t the one to usually complain about minor issues, he had to admit that managing the new team was sometimes stressful.
The only kitten still in bad shape was James, but he was getting there. Steve had to pay some extra attention to him which, of course, was starting to again tire him out, but he didn’t bother to ask for any help anymore. He’d be lying if he said that he hadn’t gotten a little attached to these kittens.
I don’t know what you have against him, because to me, he’s one of the most capable men in this world. He gives so much to other people, yet doesn’t expect anything back. And for that, I actually think that I don’t deserve
If only Steve could see Iron Man. Then he could confront his emotions head on, and maybe actually make some sense out of them.
“Actually, a little help wouldn’t be too bad,” Steve admitted to Tony. It almost sounded like Tony sighed, but he could have just imagined it. It could have also been just one of the kittens making noise, like always.
And then there was James. He was the smallest, as well as the sickest kitten. According to the vet, he had worms. He had to be fed dewormer regularly, but he was usually too weak to eat anything properly. Steve was worried for James. Iron Man was too. But they just had to hope for the best.
Of course there had always been speculation that Iron Man and Tony Stark were the same person, since Iron Man worked for Tony and the two of them were never seen in the same room. Still, Steve had never wanted to doubt Iron Man, since he was his friend. But maybe he should have started to suspect something, when both Iron Man and Tony started to act weird after finding the litter of kittens. Tony knew something only Iron Man should have known, and somehow they were always up at the same time.
It turned out that Iron Man knew more about kittens and animals in general than Steve originally estimated. He could tell the kitten’s ages, knew what to feed to them, set up a heating pad for them, and even helped Steve create a nice fort for them out of the countless cushions and pillows in the living room. Iron Man himself refused to actually touch any of the kittens, but the help he gave to Steve was still major.
He recalled his dream. It was all kind of a messy fuzz, which was unusual. Usually he could remember his dreams perfectly, sometimes even weeks after they had occurred. But now all he could remember was Iron Man and this feeling. It weighed down his chest, but surprisingly, not in a bad way.
It was rude on Steve’s behalf to change the subject so suddenly, but could he be blamed? He hadn’t seen or heard of Iron Man for a week. He needed some answers. At least he wanted to know
. He didn’t know much about the relationship between Tony and Iron Man, but obviously they were at least somewhat close. Iron Man did work as Tony’s personal bodyguard, after all. Naturally Iron Man would tell Tony why Steve had called them both last night.
And so Steve picked up the phone, and dialed Tony’s number without much of a thought. If he didn’t answer, Steve could just find Iron Man in a different way. He didn’t know how, but he’d find a way.
That should have been a good enough reason for Steve to just brush off the silly feelings, because he knew that they could do nothing good. But he didn’t. Instead he dwelled on the idea of being in a relationship with Iron Man. Maybe they could make it work, even if Iron Man never revealed his identity. There must have been weirder relationships before, right?
He woke up every day at 6 in the morning. He didn’t need an alarm clock, because the kittens started to demand breakfast at exactly 6 o'clock. He put some clothes on, walked in the kitchen with a trail of meowing kittens following him, gave them food, and spent an hour in the gym.
Steve did name one of the kittens, though. The smallest of the bunch, which was still in quite a bad condition. He had hesitated first with the name, but had decided to go through with it in the end. It could be considered as a tribute of sorts.
He tried to calm down and collect his thoughts, but they all came back to Iron Man. And that’s when he realized it.
One night, Steve woke up from a dream. He wasn’t sure what time it was currently, but the whole bedroom was pitch black. All of the five kittens were sleeping right next to him, some next to his feet and some right next to his pillow. They were curled up, breathing slowly. Steve wasn’t, because his heart was racing.
Right now James was laying on a cushion on the kitchen floor. Iron Man and Steve checked up on it every once in a while, making sure that everything was okay.
Iron Man turned his head completely towards Steve. Steve, once again, really wished that he could see Iron Man’s face. It would make things so much easier. Right now his only way of reading Iron Man was through his voice, which surprisingly didn’t give away much this time.
In all honesty, Steve was just about done with the continuous dodging. He just wanted to know what was going on. The past week or so had just been guessing, and he was done with that. He straightened his posture and sat back up. He looked straight at Tony, not letting him escape. “Why can’t I have a relationship with Iron Man? Why is he not good for me?”
“Why don’t you go see a doctor? I’m sure that would help more than just a junky machine,” Steve questioned, now more confused than ever.
“I have problems with my heart,” Iron Man admitted out of the blue, surprising Steve. “I’ve had problems for a while now. Sometimes they are not that bad, but other times, like right now, they’re bad. The only thing that really eases the pain is plugging myself into an electricity source.”
He sounded… off. Steve couldn’t quite put his finger on it, but Tony’s voice didn’t sound like his usual self, when he answered, “Good morning, Tony Stark speaking.” To be honest, Steve still couldn’t quite read Tony’s voice well. Usually he could tell how someone was feeling solely based on their voice, but with Tony he couldn’t do that. Still, something felt weird.
“Oh,” was the only thing Tony answered. He leaned back on the couch, still in shock, like he had just gotten the worst news of his life. Or the best. It depended on the context.
“You know about the kittens?” Steve asked. Not outright suspiciously, but more confused. He heard Tony cough. “Iron Man told me. I was curious.”
At first it was hard to actually read his voice, because the metallic sound was distracting, but after a couple of months, Steve found himself actually enjoying the sound. After getting used to the sound, he could actually read Iron Man like an open book. Well, most of the time, at least. Steve could almost always tell what he was feeling without actually seeing his face. It made communication between them easier. And it was generally just great to feel some type of connection.
He gently drummed the box’s side with his fingers, while also eyeing the clock on the wall. It was half-past eleven. Steve wondered if Iron Man had run into some type of trouble on the way. It wasn’t like him to not show up.
Tony hummed. It didn’t look like he was experiencing any emotional turmoil anymore. It was honestly weird to see Tony as open as he was right now. There was no pretentious smile, which didn’t reach his eyes. It was still hard to fully comprehend that Tony really was Iron Man. The two of them seemed so different from each other from their manners to self-presentation.
Steve still couldn’t help himself, and immediately bombed Tony with questions, “Is he okay? What is going on? Do you know where he is?”
But surprisingly enough, Steve himself didn’t know much about Iron Man. Sure, they did spend a lot of time together nowadays, but the whole man was still a complete mystery to Steve. He wanted to respect Iron Man and his privacy, because Steve understood that it was a big deal for him, but Steve hadn’t seen a patch of Iron Man’s skin, or even heard his real voice. It felt weird. And Steve really wanted to get to know Iron Man at least a little better. He just didn’t know how to approach him without coming off as overly pushy.
“Right,” he said. “I’m sorry for disturbing you in the middle of the night. You must have been asleep when I called.” Iron Man shook his head and waved his hands response. “Don’t worry about it. I wasn’t asleep, I had work to do. Besides, it’s always nice to see you.”
He drummed his fingers anxiously against a table right next to him, while waiting for Tony to answer. At first he didn’t expect an answer. Usually Tony answered the phone fast, and didn’t keep anyone waiting, but now he took his time. But Steve just kept waiting for him, even after a couple of minutes had passed.
Iron Man handed Steve the eye drops. He nodded as a thanks, and then carefully took a hold of Walter’s head. Steve knew that the eye drops were mandatory and good for Walter’s health, but somehow actually giving him the drops always gave Steve anxiety. The kitten obviously didn’t understand what was going on, which is why it always tried to struggle free as Steve tried to hold it still and use the eye drops. Otherwise it wouldn’t be much of a problem, but Steve was just scared that he would one day accidentally hurt Walter. All of the kittens were smaller than the palms of Steve’s hands. It wouldn’t take much to hurt them.
“Where’s the bottle? I left it on this table last time,” Steve asked and searched for the eye drops with his eyes. The kitchen he was in was a mess. There were empty cans and cat food everywhere on the floor. Sticky notes full of instructions and reminders regarding the kittens were posted on the walls and cabinets, making the kitchen more colorful than ever before. It honestly looked like a dumpster.
“Hello, it’s Steve Rogers,” Steve responded. “I’m sorry to bother you once again, but I was just wondering if you could connect my call to Iron Man again. I need to talk with him.” He tried to play it professionally. Although Tony probably wanted to be casual with Steve - at least Steve thought he did, with the way Tony was always so casually talking with him - he still wanted for them to be more like business partners, than friends. It wasn’t anything personal towards Tony himself. Steve was just a bit more involved with Iron Man at the moment.
After everything, one thing that still hadn’t changed, though, was Walter’s resentment towards eye drops. Steve once again found himself sitting at the same table in the kitchen as always, frowning and huffing in annoyment, while trying to handle the little squirming hooligan and hold him still for the drops. It was a real struggle to try and hold Walter's head as gently as possible, and at times like these Steve started to miss Iron Man again.
“I feel like an idiot right now, if I’m being honest,” Steve admitted. “I’m sorry. About all of this. You probably didn’t expect this, when you came here to see the kittens.”
“Right,” Steve said and picked up Dorothy from the floor in order to stop her from tearing up his socks with her teeth. This seemed like the perfect opportunity to ask about Iron Man, and so Steve took it. “You know, I’ve been actually meaning to ask about Iron Man and his condition.”
But after a week of nothing, Steve made peace with it, and stopped his waiting. There was no point in sitting by the door like a puppy, waiting for a man who wouldn’t show up. Surely Iron Man would contact him if something was to happen, and vice versa.
Tony took a sharp breath and Steve noticed how a troubled expression flashed in his face before changing back to normal. “He’s doing just fine. He just needed some time off, that’s all,” he reassured, but that wasn’t enough for Steve.
Steve could feel a slight blush creeping its way up his cheeks. Tony avoided eye contact, but Steve could see his face redden as well. He definitely did feel the same way about Tony, as he did about Iron Man. And just now he realized that he still acted like a hopeless teenager in love, like he did weeks ago. This wasn’t going to progress, if he didn’t do something.“You know,” Steve started, “I like you, and nothing can change that. Even if you could potentially die the next day.  Anything could happen to us at any moment in this crazy world we live in, but that’s the exact reason why we should take risks. And- and I feel like we have something good going on. Mutual respect and all that. And so I feel like we could make it work. It wouldn’t be easy, but is anything worth it if you don't work for it?”
Steve thought about it. He could leave Iron Man now, when he knew that he was alive, and not about to die. Maybe. But he still didn’t even know what was going on with Iron Man, and why he was plugged into that machine. Iron Man could be in serious pain, and just hid it really well from Steve.
“It’s what you get for not getting up on time. You know that after 8  the bed is for the cats, right?” Steve teased, but still lifted James off of Tony’s shoulder.
They had named the kittens together to better keep count of them. Steve had tried to refrain from naming the kittens at first, because he didn’t want to get too attached to them, but when Iron Man suggested naming them, Steve couldn’t say no. Steve wasn’t too good with naming things, which is why Iron Man named most of the kittens. The names were nice in Steve’s opinion. Charlie, Dorothy, Ethel, and Walter were all charming names.
In the midst of his thinking, Steve just realized that he was acting like a poor teenager in love. It was getting kind of ridiculous. He had to come up with some type of a plan. Because that’s what he always was, the man with a plan.
“Right,” Iron Man mumbled and looked around. “I must have thrown it somewhere, then. Probably while moving the medicine from here to the bathroom upstairs. I’ll go and take a look.” Steve nodded and Iron Man left the kitchen, leaving Steve alone with the kittens.
Tony didn’t respond. Instead he looked away and brushed his hair with his other hand. Steve was growing restless. He didn't like it, when other people kept him in the dark.
Steve kind of regretted sending Jarvis on a vacation now. He obviously deserved it after helping with, well, everything in the mansion, but without him everything was a mess.
Steve huffed, as Walter continued to struggle in his grip. He was more uncooperative than usual. “Do you need any help?” Iron Man asked from his side where he was watching. Steve wanted to ask Iron Man to hold Walter still for him, but he knew that Iron Man still refused to touch the kittens. It was the only thing he still refused to do.
And so he had decided to call Iron Man, the one person he trusted the most. Or to be more specific, Steve first called his employer Tony Stark, because he didn’t actually know Iron Man’s number. He had always kept it a secret from everyone else for obvious reasons. Steve wasn’t even sure if Tony Stark would answer at this godforsaken hour, but like a miracle, he did. At first Stark sounded confused, but agreed to connect Steve’s call to Iron Man, after Steve declared an emergency. It was an exaggeration, of course, but he needed the help.
Iron Man leaned closer. “They are small,” he continued. Steve nodded again. The kittens were indeed small. One of them even looked a bit too small for its own good. Steve wondered if these kittens had eaten anything for days.
“Sappy,” Tony murmured, but Steve could still feel him smile against his lips. “Now get these cats off me and help me up. We have a lot to do today.”
“You don’t even know him, his name, or his face,” Tony countered. Steve huffed. He wasn’t sure if Tony was on his side or not. “I know enough. And I trust him.”
He had many questions, but ultimately decided not to ask them. Iron Man probably didn’t want to answer any, anyway. Instead he decided to ask the one question he originally intended to ask, “Can I… Somehow help you out?”
, not the other way around.” Steve paused for a second, considered his next words and then continued, “That is why I love him.”
“Are you okay, Cap? What is going on? Why did you call?” Iron Man immediately asked as soon as he entered the living room and saw Steve. Steve looked at him. The armor itself was obviously the same as ever. It shone in the living room's light, almost like the metal was sparkling. It was pretty, Steve had to admit that. The whole armor was pretty and well-crafted. The helmet, arguably Steve’s favorite part of the whole armor, was frigid and stale, like always. It didn’t show off any emotion, but Steve knew his partner and friend well enough to simply tell by his body language, that he was worried for Steve. It brought a smile onto his face. He should have probably explained the problem in hand a bit better before scaring Iron Man, though.
Tony cleared his throat quickly. “Iron Man used to update me and tell me everything about the kittens every day. I haven’t heard of them after he stopped his visits. Believe it or not, I really enjoyed his stories “
Now that Steve really thought about it, that was almost the complete opposite of Iron Man. His mask was completely stale, emotionless. No actual emotion could be read from it. His voice, though, was something else.
When keeping Walter still proved itself to be too tough of a task, Steve sighed in defeat. “Could you bring me a blanket? Or a towel? Or anything to wrap around this little rascal?”
Maybe he should ask Iron Man himself. Or maybe not. Or maybe he should first carefully ask his opinion on relationships in general, and then maybe hint at something? Perhaps he could ask for Tony’s opinion, since he knew Iron Man so well. But that would be too complicated, and Steve liked things to be as simple as possible. He was a straightforward type of guy.
“Well,” Iron Man started. “I’ve had better days, if I’m being honest.” He gestured at the cable in his chest. It looked kind of freaky, if Steve was being completely honest. Was this Iron Man’s method of recovering from a flu? Steve knew that his armor was powered by electricity, but he didn’t know that it could help other things, too.
While waiting, Steve started to wonder if both Tony and Iron Man were in some kind of trouble. It could be a possibility. But after two minutes, to Steve’s relief, Tony finally answered.
Stephanos was blonde, strong and masculine…loyal. Steve knew these facets of the man, even without being told so. The blonde drew Stephanos as such. He sketched out Antonius too, the man fit mentally and physically, with captivating eyes and an impressive selflessness. his heart was pure and good.
. He felt at peace with Tony, grounded in knowing that they were each other’s soulmates, through thick and thin.
“Steve,” the brunette grinned, dropping his hands to his sides then. He suddenly let out a chuckle, and Steve looked at him with a puzzled expression. “I’m sorry,” the man said, his smile infectious, causing Steve to smile back at him. “I just pictured you having a fantastical name, with more aquatic undertones perhaps. Like Poseidon or Neptune,” he snickered, reaching his unbandaged hand back and rubbing at his neck, closing his eyes a moment. He winced from rubbing at the tight muscle there. Steve watched him, tracing the details of the man’s face as he massaged his neck. He noticed dark eye lashes curled against warm skin, his chin defined underneath the well cropped facial hair. The bridge of the man’s nose had a gentle slope. It was only when the man opened his eyes and looked at Steve that he realized he was staring.
“Good,” Tony breathed, Steve’s kiss leaving liquid heat to bloom within his veins. “I did as well,” he remarked, laying the beads on the blonde’s dark brown comforter. Tony had read a few articles about how the act, like most intimate acts, relied on a deep resonating trust between the partners, and that communication is key.
“Uh huh, sure Steve,” she replied, unconvinced. “I have eyes, you know.” Natasha was always so damn observant, of course she could see Steve’s helpless pining.
Inching forward, the brunette took the pair of leather work gloves from his pocket and slipped them on while he asked the crewmen for a knife. Tony took the rope that tangled the merman’s tail in one hand, being handed a knife in the other. The inventor began sawing away the ropes as some crew members around him leaned in to get a better look before digressing back to their ship duties.
Taking off in his Iron Man suit, Tony felt a relief wash over him as the blue sky met him, sun shining off the red and gold armor. Though his mask was down, the genius could smell the clean air, or as clean as air could be in New York City.  Still, it was rejuvenating, to be out here, nothing but the sky and him, the wind beating against the suit. It was a place where thought left him, and Tony could find a sense of mental freedom.
Tony leaned back, pulling the man’s uniform down till the heavy fabric pooled at his feet. He helped Steve step out of his boots and suit then, leaving him standing there in just the pale blue panties. “Lovely,” Tony breathed, taking a step back to admire Steve.
“I loved my basket,” Steve replied finally, clearing his throat before offering his basket to Tony. “Happy Easter, Tony.” One side of Tony’s lips curved up as he took it and peered inside the white wicker basket. Steve had placed chocolate bunnies of course in there, as well as chocolate covered malt balls since they were one of Tony’s favorite candies. He also had a personal gift of his own for the brunette.
“Really got yourself in a bind, didn’t you,” Tony jested, smiling brightly. The merman blushed, though he too smiled a sheepish grin before looking away shyly.
Once they were in Queens, the creature was still on a rampage. If Loki was supposedly dead, Steve wondered who could be behind this.
He was the one Steve was interested in this whole time? Tony pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling a headache coming on. Fuck.
Things between Steve and Tony come to a head when Steve ignores their strategy on a mission, putting his life in danger.
“What do I think?” Tony asked incredulously then, a hand reaching up to feel the fabric, rubbing it between his calloused fingertips. “I think you are absolutely stunning in this,” he said honestly, looking up into the man’s blue eyes. “I think I’m gonna make a call to every male lingerie store I know and buy all their inventory for you,” he chuckled. Raising both hands up, Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist and gently guided the super soldier down onto his lap, pushing the abandoned phone away with his foot. He drifted his fingertips in random patterns up and down the man’s torso, feeling hard muscle under the purple silk. He could see the hardened flesh of Steve’s nipples under the fabric and all Tony wanted to do was pinch and play with the pebbled skin. He didn’t though, that would be for later. Instead, he brought his hands back around to the dip in Steve’s lower back, drifting lower until he reached the curve of the blonde’s round rump. “You are beautiful, Steve,” he said breathily, squeezing his boyfriend’s behind firmly. Steve let out a low groan, rocking into the brunette’s touch. “Yeah, I know how much you love your ass grabbed,” Tony chuckled darkly, pupils dilating.
