“Well, at least the two of you are getting along, now.” Aziraphale said. “It will make this whole experience a little bit easier.”
"Take it back!" He yelled, pushing a gust of wind in her direction, sending her crashing into another pillar. She quickly regrouped sending another, slightly weaker bolt his way, square across his face, leaving an ugly gash in its wake.
"There's even a faction that believes Sam and I would make a good pair. " Cas added. " Though I find that utterly ridiculous. Sam and Gabriel however..."
Dean let out an awkward cough and started backing out of the room. "I'm gonna go get some snacks and stuff for the road, so we can head out as soon as Rowena's ready. Sammy?" He jerked his head over to Aziraphale and left the room. Better to let Sam explain all that business with the Stein family. He really didn't want to have to relive it. He had managed to stuff a small bag full of jerky and chips and was standing in front of the fridge pulling some beers out to put in the cooler, when he felt an odd shiver run up his spine.
"Ew, gross, no." Charlie said, scrunching her face at Dean's implications. "Sam, was just helping me with my bags. Right Sam?"
"Is someone going to explain to me how this woman knows about every aspect of our lives or are we just going to leave me in the dark?" Cas growled, finger twitching at his sides ready to smite.
His words were so quiet, Dean wasn't even sure he had heard them at all. "Cas?" Every ounce of snarkiness had been replaced with concern. For the first time in days Cas didn't look smug, or confident. There wasn't a hint of defiance dancing behind his eyes or a smirk on his lips. Instead he just looked...pained...
Sam tried to ignore that last part, keeping a firm grasp on Dean's shoulders as he spoke. "I know. I know Dean, but you need to listen, okay?"
"It's true." Dean said firmly. "It's true and you know it, Sam. I don't…you know, I used to be okay with it. A part of me always knew I'd go out on a hunt. Some ghoul or a werewolf or something would get the best of me and that'd be it. And..and I was fine with it. At least I went down fighting, you know, at least I died trying to save someone. I used to be okay with it, 'cause honestly, that's all I ever thought I was good for anyway but then…" he swelled deeply, taking a shaky breath before he continued "here lately, I don't know, I just don't wanna go out like that anymore. Call me crazy, but I think I might actually wanna live." He stared across the table at Sam with a sad, yet hopeful smile.
"You know...." came a weirdly calm and joyful voice from behind them as a piece of the ceiling crashed to the floor. They turned around to see the arch angel leaning casually against a pile of rubble with a lollipop in his mouth. He pulled the sucker out of his mouth with a pop and used it to gesture between the two of them. "I'm loving this dynamic you two crazy kids got going on here, really, I am, I'd love to see more of it, but we got kind of a situation going so..." The two of them stared at the angel before them, in awe of his caviler attitude, as the world literally fell apart around them. Another crash rang out behind them, another body slammed to the floor and words escaped them entirely. "Okay... introductions then..." He said popping the candy back into his mouth. "I'm Gabriel, archangel, trickster, porn star extraordinaire and judging by the fact that you look completely unfamiliar I'm gonna take a shot in the dark and say you're the snake that dicked over Adam and Eve in that other world, and the choir boy that's dicking him.....so we're good now yeah? Okay, so auntie Amara over there is running on empty and sooner or later and just so we're up to speed some one's gonna have to back her up sooner or later before we all turn into a pile of goo."
Ugh, it's killing me not to upload everything I've got right now, but it's necessary for the process.
He and Cas stayed a while longer, they ate dinner with his parents and made a promise to visit again soon. After they left, they drove out to a field to watch the stars on the hood of the impala, sharing a couple of beers from the cooler in the trunk.
“Yep.” Adam nodded proudly. “And you, the tall man with lady's hair.” He said pointing at Sam “You're Dean's brother, right?”
"I'm your mother, Dean." Mary saiad as she closed the door behind her. "You don't have anything I haven't already seen." she crossed the room and pulled out the chair by the desk, flipping around to sit on it backwards.
Aziraphale shot a nervous look over to Crowley, who shook his head, and stared back at Dean. “I'm not quite sure what you're implying.” He said nervously.
Jack's face fell, causing Dean's heart to twinge with guilt. "Look, kid, it's not that we don't love ya or whatever, but I'm pretty sure if we have to sit through another zombie flick, we might just gouge our own brains out."
“ If it works,” she said “if we can open a rift to get Dean back, then make me a deal. Open another one to send me home. We'll call it even after that.”
"Yes, I suppose her skin is rather unblemished." The angel  replied with a tilted head, glancing back at the woman.
So, I've been feeling some type of way these past few days and as a result, y'all get a nice long chapter. Enjoy!
The brothers returned their attention to the film and realized just how sweet it actually was. Played out before them we're home videos of Kristen and Siobhan growing up mixed with photos from each girl's childhood, all of it leading up to the moment they met.
"That's why I came to you." Cas said firmly. "You were good once Crowley. You helped us trap Lucifer."
“Look, Rowena,” Sam sighed. “I get that Cas is upset, okay. I am too. Dean is gone, we don't know if we can ever get him back. It's upsetting. But he's being completely unreasonable. Not to mention the guy lied to us. Again! I mean c'mon l, I know things have been shaky for a while but....and what he wants to bring Dean back into this just so he can up and die again? You didn't see Dean the last time Cas was gone. It wasn't pretty. He was a wreck. I've never seen him so willing to give up, and now, with all this... I'm sorry I'm not willing to put my brother through that again. He's better off, wherever the hell he is.”
Cas rolled his eyes and let out a sigh. "I think you forget Dean, that I am billions of years old. A few hours on the side of a road is nothing to me." Then he let a small smile slip on to his features. "Try not to read to much into it."
"Well, I mean you could," he replied walking a circle around Chuck as he spoke " but I would just bring him right back, so it's just a wasted effort really."
"How long did that take?" Sam asked in a suspicious tone. "Fixing the bunker?" How long had they left him and Dean out here to die?
"Relax." She chuckled.  "I'm not here for revenge or anything. I should be thanking you actually." She smiled wider spreading her hands out. "I got a pretty good gig out of the whole thing."
"I deserved that." Dean admitted, so quietly he was almost sure Cas couldn't hear him. But he stopped again, and it was hope Dean didn't need, but he was grasping at straws here and he would take whatever he could get. "I know I'm fucked up Cas. I know I've fucked you up. I've said and done some really hateful shit to you. I...I deserved that." Cas turned to him, mouth open slightly in shock and confusion written all over his face. Fuck. Had he really fucked up so many times without apologizing that one little 'sorry' was enough to confuse the guy? He was worse than he thought. There wasn't even a point in wanting forgiveness anymore. Now he just wanted to apologize. Fuck his forgiveness.
They sat in silence for a while, letting the weight of Dean's words settle around them. "What does this mean for us?" Sam asked finally.
"Crowley..." Aziraphale sighed, letting the demon’s words sink in. "You can't expect to save everything..."
"I didn't want it!" Amara shouted back. " I didn't want any of this! I was happy, how we were! You didn't do this for me! You did it for you! You wanted life! You wanted to be worshiped! And when I told you I was unhappy, you locked me away! None of this was ever for me!"
"He loved humanity." Rowena added quietly. " And he loved the Winchesters, and he loved Jack. He loved that boy so much, he was willing to sacrifice his happiness, his life, to the Empty, to save that boy's soul."
"I mean, it's not like your asses were just as much on the line as ours…" Dean started before Cas walked over and placed his hand over the hunter’s mouth.
“Dean?” Aziraphale said, keeping his eyes fixed on Crowley. “Would you mind giving us a moment. I believe we need to discuss some things.”
"Excuse you?" Dean gasped. He knew Cas was just trying to get a rise out of him, but no one insulted his westerns! No one. It didn't matter how unbelievably sexy the angel's challenging glare was....
"Oh...my…God!" She laughed, dropping her forehead to the nephilim's shoulder. "Don't tell me Winchester finally manned up and made an honest angel out of you."
Dean couldn't help but notice that the two of them seemed to have changed to most in four years. Siobhan's once long dark hair was now sitting shoulder length, streaked with several neon colors. She was clad in all black, tight jeans and a loose shirt, covered by a leather jacket. Kristen had grown taller and half her dark hair was grown out to the same length as Siobhan's while the other half was shaved. It could've been because Dean had never really seen them out of costume, but it was a little weird seeing Kristen in a brightly colored floral dress. It was almost as weird seeing her out of the trenchcoat as it was Cas. They looked more confident too. Happier. It just strengthened the feeling of hope the party had already brought on.
Dean and Crowley shard twin looks of skepticism, and they stood up and glanced back at the angel with a chorus of. “Totally.” “Hilarious, really.” “Real barrel of laughs.” “Couldn't agree more.”
“A demon?!” Sam gasped reaching back for his gun and pointing it at Crowley's head. Kaia stood out of the chair, pulling a knife from her boot. Rowena threw up a hand ready to strike. “What the hell, Dean?”
“Avi!” Rowena yelled out, tossing Sam across the room. He tried his best to scramble to his feet when an ear shattering screech brought him and Rowena to their knees, clutching their ears as the lights overhead began to explode. The entire bunker began to shake as Cas's true voice, mixed with Kaia's screams of agony rang out for what seemed like forever before an explosion of light knocked them apart. Cas was flung against the wall, crumbling to a heap next to Sam as Kaia slumped in the chair.
“I've read a few epic poems.” Dean offers. “Beowulf, The Odyssey. I like Vonnegut. Stuff like that I guess.”
"I'll give you two a moment while I go fetch Aziraphale to finish patching you up." Rowena smiled, leaving the two of them alone.
Dean whipped around to face his brother and the angel. "Alright, that's enough out of both of you!" He shouted. "No more! Got it?!"
Dean suddenly felt nervous about what questions might be waiting for him back at the bookstore, but he guessed it was fair. It was a strange situation for all of them, and he'd answer whatever questions they asked if it got him home. “Let's rock then.” He quickly stood up and followed Crowley out of the apartment and down the steps.
" What's the matter?" Dean smirked, resisting the urge to check and see if Cas was still alive "Looked like you and Sammy were having a blast over there."
Aziraphale sighed and rolled his eyes. "There are more important things to worry about right no, than your bruised ego."
"Yeah." Sam huffed. " And that Crowley guy... I don't really know how I feel about him. He's...did he and Dean seem a little 'too close for comfort' to you?" Cas grunted his displeasure causing Sam to shuffle half a step away. " You trust 'em?"
"I understand." Cas said, his face a mixture of hurt and duty. " You wish me to fly you to Kennesaw in order to ensure you arrive safely."
He twirled the tape around in his hands twice, before opening the case and placing it inside the tape deck of the ancient stereo with a soft click. The sounds of heavy riffs and speedy drum beats filled the room as he let himself fall to the floor with his hands in his lap, staring off into nowhere.
“I see.” Aziraphale nodded solemnly. He paced back and forth a couple more times before stopping. Dean could almost see a light bulb click on over his head as he turned to Crowley and smiled.” The son of Lucifer!” He said excitedly.
So that's what this was about, Cas thought. "I assure you," Cas said, trying his best to keep an even tone, "I will protect Dean, to the best of my abilities."
"He was a demon. A 'monster' at its core definition. His job was to create chaos, make trouble. He was to corrupt human souls and bind them forever, in Hell's name. And that's what he did. He tempted Eve to eat the fruit, forever damming every human who disobeyed the word of the Almighty to suffer forever in Hell." Aziraphale paused, a small smile graced his features as he pulled from the memories from centuries ago. "Our very first conversation was on the walls of Eden, as we watched Adam and Eve venture off into the wilderness. It was raining. The first rain actually. I remember him saying to me how he felt like it was an overreaction, tossing them out for one simple sin. I ignored it, of course. God said they must be punished for their sins, so it must have been justified. He laughed at the fact that I had given them my sword for protection. It was a minor thing, I thought. That was my job after all. He said how he thought it would be funny to find out that he did the right thing, by teaching them about good and Evil and I did the wrong thing by giving them my sword. That had to be impossible, I thought. He was a demon, and I was an angel. Our natures would prevent us from doing the opposite of our purposes. Let me tell you, it wasn't funny at all when we discovered how right that statement really was." His smile faded slightly before he continued. "Still, he amused me, so we kept in contact. Showing up to various major events here and there, exchanging our opinions based on our different sides of the coin. He stayed on Earth as well, preferring the company of humans over demons, not that I could blame him. He'd cause a battle here, a plague there, but over time his efforts became less and less nefarious. He'd stand out of the way, more often than not, and I found myself letting him cause his minor bits of chaos, which dissolved into little more than pranks really, without interfering."
The three men walked up to the bar and sat down on the rickety  bar stools, Cas in the middle with a Winchester on each side. They had convinced him to ditch the trench coat for the night and straighten his tie. They even managed to get him to style his hair into something more  than his usual disheveled mess. He looked good. Dean waved  the barmaid over and ordered them all a beer and a few shots of whiskey. He looked over at Cas and saw the same petrified look he wore the time Dean had brought him to a brothel. He smiled at the memory , it was one of his favorites of Castiel. He never thought he could have such a good time at such a hard point in his life, but Cas made it so easy, without even trying. He was being Cas, and that was enough the lighten up Dean's  life.
Aziraphale straightened up and grasped Crowley's hand, shaking it firmly three times. "Likewise, my dear." He laughed and pulled Crowley back to his chest, draping his arms over the demon's shoulders, before placing a firm but sweet kiss on his lips. " You really are quite a softie, you know." He murmured against Crowley's lips.
"Yeah well this is kinda time sensitive, okay?" Dean argued. "Kinda just focused on this one thing right now."
Sam took a moment to realize what the Angel was referring to, shaking his head with disappointment when it clicked. "Cas, that doesn't..."
“It said it wanted me to suffer.” Cas answered vaguely. When Dean didn't reply he let out a long sigh and continued. “ It said it would wait until I forgot about the whole thing. Wait until the moment I finally allowed myself to be truly happy...and then it would take me.”
Mary sighed and shrugged her shoulders as if she knew she wasn't going to get any more than that. "What ever you say. I'm gonna go get cleaned up. You boys should do the same." She turned around to leave, then stopped and looked over at Cas. "Castiel, hun, no offense but I think you should probably try to find a change of clothes."
"Not like those fit you any better." Crowley scoffed as he meandered into the room. "You ought to try something a little more form fitting occasionally. Wearing the same drab clothes everyday just makes you look like some sort of cartoon." He picked idly at the scratches on the desk while he waited for the angel to respond. After no reply, he looked up to see Castiel had resumed reading his book, ignoring the demon completely. "Is there any particular reason your clothes needed to be cleaned anyway?" Nothing. Not even a grunt. "Why are you waiting for it do be done the human way anyway? I thought we had a discussion, just yesterday, about using the powers at your disposal."
The house they pulled up to was massive. It had to belong to one of the girls' parents. They had a feeling Marie and her friends must be well off, attending and all girls, private highschool and all, but they had no idea just how well off until they pulled into the circular drive in front of, what could only be described as, the gargantuan estate. It honestly looked like one of those houses you would see an A-list celebrity use as a summer house. Dean  let out a low whistle as he parked the car and climbed out. " Boy do I feel under dressed, and we haven't even been inside."
"Crowley's right. We can't send you. Whoever might be left up there is probably the worst of the worst. They won't listen to reason for shit. I wouldn't even send Cas up there if he was .... you’d be killed or captured on the spot."
"Better get that to him before the ice cream melts then." Sam smiled. Dean nodded and picked up the plate, the two of the fumbling through their pockets to find a lighter on the way to Cas's room. Sam lit the candle just outside the door and while Dean opened it wide enough for them both to step inside. Cas was standing at his desk, a clad in his suit pants and rumpled dress shirt, angrily pressing buttons on his ancient stereo.
Sam blew out a large breath and scrubbed his hands over his face, shaking his head. "Souls? He said souls were complicated, even for him. We built a would bomb once, to take out Amara, but we never got the chance to use it. We don't even know if it would have worked. It was hard enough trying to gather enough to even make it, I don't think building a soul cage would be any easier."
"It's true." Crowley piped up from where he was leaning against the door frame. How long has he been standing there, Dean wondered. "Just talked to him myself."
"It said it wanted me to suffer." Castiel interrupted. He paused, looking his son in the eyes, taking in every detail, sure this would be the last time he got the chance to do so. His strength had all but left him. Each day he had grown more and more human. He had been hungry over the past week. He had grown tired. This morning, he had woken up in the library, feeling only a flicker of his Grace, which meant that at some point, he had fallen asleep. That's when he knew. This was the end. "Everything has been going so well. For once, the plan has been falling into place without fail. I was foolish to think that meant I would see how everything played out. I thought, perhaps, I would be able to see my family happy for once. I was wrong. And for my ignorance, I will suffer."
Dean twitched a bit at the memory. The pain of letting his newly human friend, at the time, fall into the grips of that evil bitch still stung after all these years, but he kept his smirk. " Yeah but that was before..." He paused. He still had a hard time accepting that Castiel had died. Even with the angel  was sitting infront of him now, he couldn't shake the feeling of helplessness he had when he thought Cas was lost to them. "...before you know..died. And came back." He added the end quickly so he didn't  have to dwell in the reality of  his friends  demise too long.
“Y... yeah I'm fine...” He politely waved her off and reached out towards Dean again. “That was just...” He gripped Dean's arm again closing his eyes. “There's a man...but not really a man... he's incredibly strong. And fierce. His eyes...there an extraordinary shade of blue...he seems very sad.” He let go of Dean's arm again and looked into his eyes. “Why is he so sad?”
"That's awesome, Cas." Dean smiled at him, through the mirror. "I'm happy for you man!" Cas met his eyes in the mirror and gave him a rare, genuinely (almost) happy smile in return. It wasn't until Dean caught Crowley's smirk out of the corner of his eye that he broke the eye contact and stared back at the road ahead. He swallowed deeply, and started tapping on the steering wheel. The awkward silence was stifling, and he had to do something about it before he suffocated. "How bout some tunes? Huh?"
"I deserved all of it, and more. I know you're not gonna believe me, I don't expect you to. Hell, I ain't even expecting your forgiveness at this point, but I am sorry Cas. I just wanted you to know that. I'm really fucking sorry." He could feel his voice breaking, but it wasn't enough to stop him. "I am so God damned sorry for every awful thing I've ever done to you. I..."
Dean smiled a little and shook his head. “Hate to break it to ya guy, but Cas ain't exactly the best example of angels from our universe. He's a one of a kind hot mess. You wanna know the truth, from what you've said, Chuck seems to have cut all of you from the same douche bag cloth. No offense. You seem cool. I guess you and Cas are just rare breeds. He's just, I don't know, just this dorky, little guy. He doesn't understand humans that well, which makes no sense, by the way, seeing as he's spent so much time with us. He doesn't get a lot of jokes, but he's still funny, ya know, and he's crazy smart, yet somehow a complete fucking idiot. He loves animals, even bugs, like he was obsessed with bees at one point, and he's crazy gentle with them. He's still a total bad ass though. Took out thousands of angels all by himself, he had them all groveling at his feet like babies at one point.... I kinda ruined that I guess...he just...like okay... he makes me so mad sometimes. He just goes off and makes these dumb ass decisions, but then he'll turn around and try to fix it if it makes me mad. I wanna strangle him sometimes, but I can't, because I know that he's doing what he thinks is best, and he always comes back when I need him, and he's just frustrating you know? I've tried too, believe me, I've tried to just cut him out and let go, I've told him to fuck off, but it never sticks. I always end up calling him back and I don't know why.”
"We would love to fill you in on the details some other time, but I'm afraid we really must be going." Aziraphale said.
"Dean just inadvertently saved Cas's life." Sam grunted angrily from behind him. "That's what happened." Dean finally turned to face his brother, only to see pure rage in his face. "So, congratulations, Dean. Looks like you being a complete and utter asshole actually came in handy for once."
Dean and Sam exchanged a pained look, instantly recognizing the music. It was the instrumental to 'The Road So Far' from the play. Cas however seemed enthralled by what was playing on the screen, not recognizing the music at all.
Dean marched off in the direction of the kitchen, Crowley following (a little too closely, in Cas's opinion) behind. He was trying. Dean seemed to trust these guys, so he was really trying. He tried to keep in mind what Aziraphale had said about Crowley being a good guy who got the short end of the stick. He was trying to accept that they were here to help them, even though they didn't have to. Cas was trying his absolute damnedest not to make a snap judgement about either of them. They had helped Dean, after all. Kept him safe, got him home. So, he was trying. But trying only got someone so far when they were already teetering on the edge.
The room was silent, the tension was thick, and Sam was doing his best to keep it together. "You're mad! I get it. Be mad. A lot of you blame us for all the disasters that have happened in the past decade, and you have every right to. We've fucked up. But we've also saved all of your asses more times than I can even count. If it wasn't for us the world would have ended years ago. It's been a ticking time bomb for longer than you realize. What's happening now has never been a question of why, but when. God was always gonna pull the trigger, he's just been biding his time. He didn't need a reason, he just wanted an excuse. And us? All of us, we're nothing but pawns in his sick little game. You can place the blame on Dean and I all you want, but the truth is, it could have been anyone. I didn't call you all here to ask you to pull our asses out of the fire. We can do that ourselves. I called you here to give you the opportunity to save yourselves!"
Cas shook his head and moved Dean towards the door. “You need rest. I promise you, if I accompany you, that will not be the case.” He pulled the hunter in for one last kiss before opening the door. “Goodnight, Dean.”
Claire reached under the seat and pulled out the bag. "Thanks, old man. I needed a snack for the show. I'll finish it off for you so you don't mess up your dentures. Over." She set the walkie-talkie back on the dash and tore open the bag, stuffing a few pieces in her mouth, a pleased smile on her face.
"You're right." Mary said. " I remember seeing it the last couple times I drove to town. Could be fun."
Crowley straightened back up, barely suppressing a laugh, and he waved his hand out in front of him. "Lead the way."
Cas picked up the tape, twirling it in his hands as he read the words scribbled across the top. ' Dean's top 13 zep traxx'. “Dean?” He asked turning to face the hunter.
Sam walked up behind Cas,  slapping him on the shoulder, breaking up the staring contest the two had unwittingly engaged in. "Well, Marie said she's got a few people to take care of clean up, so I figure we should probably start saying our goodbyes and head back to the motel. If we get back in the next hour we can get an early start tomorrow and be back home sometime tomorrow night."
"Like father like son really." And no. Dean wasn't dead. He had lost his fucking mind. It finally happened. He had actually gone insane and was hallucinating, because there was absolutely no way Meg was standing behind him. "Lucifer didn't expect his demons to turn on him either...and....well...you know the rest."
"I am." Dean smiled back. "For two reasons. One: I miss my kitchen. Cooking helps me relax and that's what we're doing tonight. Two: it's the least I can do after everything you guys did for me. Are doing for me."
"I am bonded to you Dean." Amara answered slowly. "We share a strong connection through the mark, it is true, but he is my brother. I love him. That is far stronger. I could not stand by while you threatened to hurt who I love."
Marie let out a sigh and rolled her eyes in return. "No, Dean. He sticks to mostly plot points and storylines. Your precious shower thoughts are safe." after she strode into the kitchen, Dean let out a sigh of relief and followed behind.
"When is the last time you saw Dean?" Crowley said, almost conversationally, without looking behind him as he turned a corner.
"Why?" Dean asked as he bent down to pull Cas to his feet. "Why now? You could've iced is in that grave yard. Why wait all this time?" Chuck just gave him a wicked smile in return.
"He'll come around in time, I'm sure." Aziraphale assured. "Like Dean said, he just needs time to adjust. Besides, you tend to have a way of getting people to like you, no matter how much they don't want to."
"Thank you, but really the pleasure is all mine." Cas laughed. Then he turned to Dean with a wicked smile and wide eyes. "How come we don't have cute pet names for each other, Dean?"
That...hurt. It was deserved, but it still fucking hurt. Maybe he could try and salvage this conversation a little? At least enough to get a little information out of her. "Insulted your family, huh?" He half smiled. "What happened to Cas not being your dad?"
"Them?!" Chuck scoffed, letting out a vicious laugh. "I made them! They're powerless against me." Chuck snapped his fingers and half the angels fell to the floor writhing in pain as bright, blinding lights began pouring out of their heads.
"Please Samuel," Rowena scoffed, " soul magic is my niche, after all. I've been extracting souls since before you're great-grand parents were soiling their nappies. A few thousand from a cosmic being should be a piece of cake." Sam leveled her with a glare for her tone. She rolled her eyes and tried again. "Yes, I can manage it."
Aziraphale smiled across the kitchen island at Crowley, as he finished chewing his final bite of the sandwich the demon had actually made him by hand. It was amazing to him, after the years of petty arguments and fighting on opposite sides of an everlasting war, that Crowley still managed to surprise him with his, unexpected, kindness and affection. It was hard at first, when a strange human had landed in the middle of his shop and began spouting crazy notions of monsters and evil, for him to accept the fact that the Almighty might not be as great as he always believed. However, in moments like these, as he watched Crowley beaming back at him, proud of his ability to put a smile on Aziraphale’s face with an act as simple as hand making him food, he found it hard to believe that that he ever thought anybody willing to cast aside such a kind and caring creature for such a minor offense, could be completely benevolent. Crowley had never been like other demons. He was wily, no doubt, but he was never evil. He did as he was told, just as Aziraphale always had. It wasn't his fault that his instructions happened to come from the Dark Lord. It was business. Even so, he always got by doing the bare minimum. There was certainly something to be said about a demon wanting to cause the least amount of pain and chaos that his position would allow.
"That rancid bitch tried to kill me and take over my throne! Several times!" Crowley barked. "You really think that she's a good bargaining chip? I relish in the thought of her being destroyed! My only hope is that it's slow and painful!"
"We've already lost so much," Sam answered, his voice broken "I've already lost her so many times I can't…"
"I...am NOT....A COWARD!" Chuck's voice boomed with the power of thunder, knocking them all off their feet. "I am the Alpha and the Omega. I am the creator. The great I Am. I took star dust and created entire universes! I am creation! I am the light! Everything you are, everything you know, all of it exists because of me!" He looked over Dean, his voice gaining power with each word, drowning out the cries and screams from the bunker shaking apart around them. "This, all of his, everything is mine! I get to decide how it goes. Me! Not you! You are NOTHING!!!"
As Cas positioned himself, ready to strike, ready to try his best to get God to take him out, a wave of panic began coursing through Dean's soul. He was going to watch Cas die again. As long as he lived, however short it would be, he was going to have to lose Cas again, knowing that he just stood there and watched. "Cas, wait!" But what was worse? Living through that pain, that anguish, that emptiness again, for the rest of his incredibly short life, which could very well be a matter of minutes, or Cas having to suffer for the rest of eternity? "Please ..just...wait...." His voice came out in a broken sob. Cas paused turning to face Dean, cerulean orbs pleading with him just to let him get it over with. He had caused the angel too much suffering already. He wasn't about to let it happen again.
"It's not enough." Sam repeated, as he watched Rowena lace the last of the souls into the gap. And wasn't that just the perfect metaphor for all of this? They had worked and slaved for so long, poured everything they had into the last bit of hope they could find, only to come up short in the end. "GODDAMNIT!" He threw his fistt into the wall beside him before heaving a pained sigh.
I debated for a while on splitting it into two parts and leaving it here, for those who wanted to read a purely SPN fic or those who skipped this chapters and wanted all the fluff and no angst, but it felt unresolved. This is my warning that the two stories will be combined from now on. There will be fluff...there will be angst...but ultimately it should end happy if you wish to end it here and leave it open to your interpretation of what happened after this, that's great. Thank you for coming on this journey with me.😘
Fuck it! Dean stretched out his arm and wrapped it around the angel and squeezed. “ What can I say Sammy, I'm a man of the people.” He looked at Cas only to be met with a look of confusion. Did he not want them to know yet, either?
" Are you injured?!" Crowley demanded from the other end, casual indifference quickly changing into concern.
A small hint of a smile played at the corner of Cas's mouth before disappearing just as quick as it came. "There are still good angels, Dean."
"Yeah." Dean nodded. He didn't want to think about what that mean. Cas would want to get back out there as soon a she gave him the all clear, and that thought scared the ever living piss out of him. It was scary as hell in the beginning, watching Cas struggle, watching him fight for his life, but once everything calmed down, it was kinda nice. Not that he'd ever admit it out loud, but he always hated it every time Cas took off without them. He was always sure that every time he saw him would be the last. Having him here, stuck in one place where Dean could keep an eye on him and make sure he didn't get himself killed....it was just...nice.
"I'm still pretty pissed at you too." Dean said, looking Cas in the eye. "But I ain't running away this time if you don’t."
Sam skimmed the first page of the book and chuckled, tossing it back on the bed next to Charlie. "Yeah, well, things have just been different, I guess."
Charlie nodded and shrugged sheepishly before continuing.  "Okay, so he met Benny early on, and Benny told him he had a way to get back, right off the bat. So, why did it take them so long to get out of there?"
"You?" Aziraphale glanced at Crowley from the corner of his eye before returning to his page. "Absolutely. You are, without a doubt, the most hopeless creature I've ever come to know, in all of existence."
"As I understand it," Cas croaked after taking a pull from his beer " alcohol is meant to lower ones inhabitions. I must be completely  honest and say mine are quite high at the moment so I feel I must ingest as much as possible in order to get into the state of mind where I can...."  He looked between the hunters nervously  as the barmaid returned with his other shots. He took them a little slower this time and finished off his beer, gesturing  for her to bring him another. She gave him a very weary, confused look before nodding and taking his bottle to grab another.
"Perfect." Dean smirked, immediately regretting his word choice as he felt Crowley lean in close to his ear.
Dean shook his head and walked over to him slapping his hand on his friend’s shoulder, prompting him to look up. "Look man, I get it. There's a lot we still gotta talk about, I know. And we will, I promise, but right now? I'm beat man. I just want to go to sleep. In my own bed. That cool?"
"I can't do this." Sam choked. "I can't lead these people into battle, I...I can't.... it's not who I am." He had no idea why he was suddenly pouring his heart out to a stranger, but he was. Aziraphale moved away from the door and let his hands fall to his side, listening intently while Sam spoke. "I'm not a leader. I've tried. I tried to save people my entire life and almost every single one of them has ended up dead because of me. And this? This is too big. I couldn't even save a handful of people from a single angel. How am I supposed to lead everyone against all the crazy out there? How am I supposed to help them fight God? I'm not a hero, okay. I'm the villain. Everything that's happening now, it's all my fault. I'm a monster."
"Would you stop?!" Crowley said, pulling the angel's hands away again. "I'm fine. Actually, it was Castiel who stepped in to defend me, which I found rather odd. I got the distinct impression that he didn't care for us in the least."
The angel opened his mouth to say something else when a middle-aged man opened the door. “Hello.” The man said. “How can I help you?”
"Hey! I'm plenty man!" Dean shouted, pointing his knife back at Crowley. " I'm the manliest man you've ever met!"
“What have I told you about stupid questions?” Cas replied before taking another swallow. Sam was sure he could light a bonfire off the fumes coming from the angel's breath alone. “We're out of beer.” Cas slurred by way of explanation.
“Sure, thing...” she said glancing between the two of them again. She must have assumed they both drank and wasn't sure which one needed the water. “ Enjoy your meal.”
“Dean...” Aziraphale sighed sadly “I know it's difficult to think about, but you have to consider the possibility that we may not be able to send you home.”
"Any one care to explain what the fuck that's supposed to mean, instead of talking like a bunch of fucking fortune cookies?!" Dean shouted.
"It feels weird doesn't it, being home?" He said turning to the demon. "I imagine it feels almost like what a dream would. Like we're here, but we never really left there. Like we're somehow supposed to be here and there at the same time"
"Why have you decided to help is then, hmm?" Crowley asked. "From the way Dean tells it, you were more than willing to let us burn while the two of you danced in the flames."
"Oh, shut up!" Aziraphale said, pressing in for one more kiss before pulling back to look into Crowley's eyes. "I love you."
Dean nodded his head and twisted around to face the angel. "What about you, Cas? Feel like choking down some molecules?"
"Tell us." Meg smiled. "What's turned that perpetually adorable frown upside down. Did somebody finally ring your bell? Have you earned your wings Clarence?"
"That won't be necessary, Dean." Aziraphale insisted, although sound relived at the change of subject. "Crowley and I don't require any sleep. We wouldn't want you to have to go to any, unnecessary trouble on our account."
"We're going to find that witch's orb, crack it open and go home." He said, taking a sharp turn down another hall.
It was all his fault, as usual. He should've thought before he acted. He should've at least tried to talk to Cas before things got out of hand. They probably wouldn't have been in this mess if he had just tried to hear his friend out before letting his emotions get the best of him. Some friend he was. Cas had made some serious mistakes over the years, sure, but no more than Dean or Sam had. Cas's mistakes just seemed bigger because they were on a more cosmic scale, but he was a cosmic being so that wasn't really his fault. It usually boiled down to him trying to protect humanity, or not feeling appreciated. He should've let Cas know how much he meant to them more, how much he meant to Dean. Maybe if he had made more of an effort to let Cas know he was important, to let him know he was more than another tool in their arsenal...maybe if he just told Cas...
Sam chuckled softly, shaking his head at the guy's ridiculously, unending optimistic tone, even in the face of certain death. "Yeah. Okay, point taken."
"Well, duh." Chuck chuckled. "Nobody's satisfied with their first draft. I mean you read enough Aziraphale, you should know that."
Sam let out a breath and scrubbed a hand through his hair. He figured it might feel better to at least get something off his chest. "To be honest Charlie, I dont think Dean is cut out for the job anymore."
"No," the man said, pointing his cane towards Billie, "she's Death." He placed his cane back in front of him and shook his head. "I have no more penchant for fired foods in this form than I did for emotionally unstable humans when I appeared to you as yourself." Cas tilted his head in confusion, prompting the man to let out an aggravated sigh. "I've already explained this to you Castiel. I show up in my true form and it's a bloody affair for us all, and while I would like nothing better than to watch you tear yourself to shreds, you are necessary to the plans in place. Unfortunately."
It all started after Mary brought Jack home a day after they got back from Flint. To be fair, it wasn't even Cas or Sam that had brought it up. It's not like Dean could really blame the kid either. As mature as he looked, chronologically, Jack was only about two years old. He didn't exactly understand family dynamics, and to be honest, their family wasn't exactly the Cleaver's, so it's understandable how he could get confused. But it still didn't give his brother and the angel the right to be such complete dicks!
She took a small step to place herself between the two brothers, putting both her hands in front of her. "Careful, Samuel. He just woke up."
“I think you and Jack should change your last names to Winchester.” He said as he ran his fingers through Cas's hair, trying his best to tame the unruly mop.
"Oh I'm in." Meg nodded. "Any chance to stick it to the big man himself. " She stepped up to Cas and put a hand on his shoulder. "Besides, I can't pass up the chance to shake the hand of my competition in person."
"Oh, dear." Aziraphale sighed woefully behind him. "I'd hoped all this nonsense would help them sort their problems out."
Chuck glared up at him, his grip tightening as he waited for the hunter to explain, but Dean could barely manage to form those words. The only thing keeping him on his feet was Chuck's iron hold. All he wanted to do was crumble to the ground and accept his fate. The air was thick, electrified by Chuck’s rage, the ground began to quake.
“Shut it!” Crowley snapped, pulling away from the curb as soon as dean managed to click his seat belt in place.
Dean walked over and took her bag. “ C'mon, mom, I'll walk you out.” He turned to Cas and nodded towards Jack. “ You talk to the kid.” he said and guided his mother towards the garage.
He had given his entire life to saving the world, and what did he get in return? Nothing. Everything was gone. The world was finally safe, it had to be if he was alive, and he had nothing to show for it.
"Wow," she scoffed. "And here I thought you were the observant one." Sam waited for her to explain herself, still utterly lost on what she was talking about. "It's Castiel." She said, speaking to him as if he were a child.
"Of course, we have, don't be ridiculous!" Crowley groaned. "We've been with each other for centuries. Everyone gets curious from time to time. That's not the point. If I don't get to comment on your relationship with your angel, you certainly don't get to assume my relationship with mine."
Anathema pursed her lips and thought a moment. “I’m not entirely sure.... but I might have some books that can help us.” She pushed back from the table and marched back into the other room. “Adam, dear? Help me gather my books. We have some reading to do!”
"Don't tell him I said that though!" Dean laughed. " We got kind of a thing going, I don't wanna mess that up."
"I don't know which was worse." Sam groaned, flipping his laptop back to resume searching. "They fought for fucking ever, the angrier one of them got the louder the other got. They were just escalating they situation with each breath. Each blow was equally matched. I thought they'd never stop. Then…when they did…" Sam narrowed his eyes in anger and disgust as the two parties in question entered the kitchen.
"Hate to break up this little love fest," Billie said from behind them, "but, we managed to wake up the angels you requested. They're waiting on your command."
"More complicated than people give him credit for." Charlie cut him off. "He also knows how hard it is to let go of the people he loves. He's actually really bad at it. Maybe, worse than you know."
"You can only call someone so many times, Angel." Crowley sighed. "If she hasn't answered by now, she isn't going to."
Dean had been arguing on the phone with Sam for the better part of an hour now. He hadn't even gotten the chance to appreciate the sheer enormity of the hotel Cas had found for them before his little brother had called to check in. Which was an absolute shame because from the outside, this place looked like the God-damned Palace of Versailles. He couldn't say much for the inside though. As soon as Baby had been safely parked inside the half-empty parking garage, Cas zapped them all to the penthouse suite. He said that it was necessary for everyone's peace of mind to avoid the carnage throughout the rest of the hotel. "No, I already called the girls and told them to wait. We can probably be there by tomorrow night, and I don't want them out in that mess by themselves." He swirled the perfectly aged whiskey Cas had gotten him (after Dean had insisted it would be the only way he'd be able to get any sleep) from the bar downstairs, around in his glass, mindlessly watching the whirlpool of liquid in the center as he spoke. "I told you dude. It's bad out there. There's no way we'd make it before tomorrow anyway, and Cas demanded we get some rest."
“ My apologies.” Cas dropped his hand and turned his head in shame. “I forget that human's have issues adjusting to flight. I should've known better.”
Aziraphale wrapped the angel blade back up and walked up to Dean, placing his free hand on his shoulder, causing him to flinch slightly. The angel quickly and patted him instead. “Sorry, I didn't mean to...”
"Shut up!" Crowley smirked as he peeled out away from the curb, speeding down the road to start his new life with his angel.
"Of course we need you, Castiel." Jack shook his head, pulling the strap of his bag tighter. "You're family."
The longer Dean fell though (Jesus Christ! He'd been falling for forever! It shouldn't be taking this long!) the more he started to think he had tried to stop Cas for more selfish reasons. A lot had happened recently. Even before Chuck decided to play Thanos and wipe out creation. Between Michael and Lucifer and Nick and Mom and Jack...He hadn't even had the time to apologize to Cas for saying he was dead to him. Hell, Cas didn't even let them catch their breath before he started in on his plan to create another rift, let alone take the time to sit down and talk about everything. All the secrets and the lies. They really needed to clear the air before they jumped back into action. Cas wasn't having it though. That's what losing a child does to you.
When they got back to the library Rowena was standing beside her bags with her arms crossed. "You boys ready to go to hell?"
He wasn't planning on divulging that piece of information, of course, but there was no telling whether or not they already knew, which is why Aziraphale had insisted on accompanying him on this particular voyage. Yet another reason, Crowley was practically shaking in his snake skin boots. There was no doubt in his mind that the both of them were stronger, more powerful than most all of the demons of this world, but they were significantly outnumbered should their request cause uproar. He could care less about what happened to him, the world (all of them, most likely) was ending anyway. He would die one way or another but watching any of these cretons lay a single finger on his angel.... he shuttered at the thought.
Dean was floored. Everything Cas was saying...the look in his eyes...he couldn't move. His breathing was heavy, and every fiber of his being wanted to run. His  brain was screaming at him that he was in danger, but he knew he'd never be able to outrun the angel. "Cas...."
The rest of the apartment was just as massive and extravagant as the front room and kitchen. It looked like one of those model apartments they used for showing, that nobody really lived in, which, now that he thought about it....he went to the guest room first and searched the elegant dresser, finding a ridiculous pair of red silk pajamas, before making his way to the bathroom. Inside the bathroom was a large, white, claw foot bathtub off to one side, with two doors on opposite sides behind it, a massive walk in, stone walled shower with a huge vanity with “his and her” sinks (that he tried not to think too much about) under a giant framed mirror in the center. He found the toilet behind one of the doors, tucked away in its own little cubby, and the linen closet in the other. He grabbed a towel and walked over to the sinks, placing it and the pajamas between them. He started the shower and undressed, testing the water before stepping inside. As he let the hot water flow over his body, his mind began to wander back home. He wondered how Sam was reacting to his disappearance. If Rowena was trying anything to get him home. If Aziraphale could help him get back. How the rest of the world was fairing against all the evil Chuck had unleashed upon the world. If Cas even cared that he was gone...
Garth leaned down to match Sam's position and smirked, quirking his head slightly before he spoke. "Then I don't see what the problem is. You of all people should know that not all creatures are monsters, Sam. Hell, me and mine are a living testament of that. The way I see it, you got two guys that your brother trusts enough to bring around that are willing to help. I wouldn't look that gift horse too hard on the mouth, if I were you."
When I originally thought of this chapter I had the two of them being drunk and Crowley crawling into bed next to Dean to go to sleep and teasing him about it being "too gay" for him but after I drafted it out, it took away from the message I wanted to get across. Dean needed to be alone and soberish to think about what was said.
Crowley sighed and rolled his eyes. “I was an angel once you know.” He said. “I don't know if it works differently where you're from, but that's all demons are here. Fallen angels. I'm not any better at being a demon than I was an angel, really. I'm absolutely rubbish at it.” Dean was halfway through his burger before he had finished his statement. Crowley placed his elbow on the island and plopped his chin into his hand. “Besides, I wouldn't keep poison food in my fridge even if I were a competent demon. Somebody has to feed Aziraphale from time to time, and I can't very well poison him.” A fond smile crossed the demon's face with the mention of the other's name.
Anyway...sorry for my rant. Thank you all so much for the continued support of this little venture of mine. I can't begin to tell you how much it makes my day to see people enjoy my mind fruit. Much love❤️💜💙
"Nice of you to finally join us, Aroura." Sam grumbled, wearing bitch face # 72. "Did you stay up watching hentai all night, or what."
Sam squeezed his eyes shut and sucked in a sharp breath. He knew Garth didn't mean it that way, he was just being Garth, but it struck a chord. The sound was enough to catch Garth’s attention. He turned his head back towards Sam, the hunter turning to meet his gaze. Garth didn't need to ask. It was written all over Sam's face. The werewolf closed his eyes and shook his head, letting out a defeated sigh.
“There's a good lad.” She smiled, lowering her own hand. “Now, if you are ready to listen, I didn't say that it was impossible. I simply told you that it would be extremely difficult, and highly unlikely. That's hardly ever stopped you before and it's certainly no reason to go around smiting the only person who is willing to help you, wouldn't you agree?”
"I am not a Cherub; I am a seraph! Well.... actually, I'm not really sure any more what I am. Now that Heaven is without a leader, it's quite possible that species and rank have no meaning..."
Dean stopped and turned around pointing his finger out towards Cas. “No man should have to drive around listening to the crap they play on the radio these days! At least now you'll have some decent tunes if you decide run off again.”
Cas closed his eyes and bowed his head before looking back at Dean with a sad smile. He didn't need to say anything for Dean to know exactly what that meant. Dean slammed down the rest of his drink and grabbed his jacket off the back of his chair. "Hey, everyone." He shouted over the crowd. " I'll be right back. I need to give someone a ride." The crowd cheered and Dean threw on his jacket, kissing Cas on the top of his head before running out the door.
Dean finally left Cas's room after that first couple of days. By that time the demons had managed to get most of the souls back to hell where they belonged, and, under strict orders from Crowley, they had let all of the hunters and remaining humans be. Crowley suspected it was mostly out of fear of Castiel, rather than loyalty to himself, so he kept the angel's condition under wraps, demanding that they got hell back to proper working order, getting it ready for the surplus of souls that would most likely be joining them. Aziraphale refused to visit Hell with him, so he kept his business mostly above ground, trusting that the demons would get it done.
There are several different types of love. The ancient Greeks broke it down into eight different categories. Agape, which is unconditional love. Eros; romantic love. Phila, which is affectionate love. Philautia, love of one's self. There is Storge (the love one feels for their family) and there is Pragma, which is enduring love. There is Ludus, which is defined as "playful love", though a better definition is desired. It is the type of love one feels in the beginning of a new relationship. The kind that causes butterflies in your stomach. And finally, there's Mania. Obsessive love.
It was the truth. Dean was the worst Sam had ever seen him. He was used the anger, and the lashing out but watching Dean just give up completely...it wasn't normal. At first Sam had accounted it to everything they had lost at that point. Mom was pulled the rift with Lucifer. Crowley had killed himself to try to help them, but it ended up meaning nothing. They weren't able to save Kelly like they had planned. It was a lot. But the fact that Dean's mood did a complete 180 the second he heard Cas's voice on the other end of that call...his mind flashed with the image of Dean kneeling helplessly beside Cas's dead body. He watched as his brother carried their friend's lifeless corps from the cabin, wrapped tightly in the curtains from the windows, and placed him gently on top of the pyre. The picture of Dean's broken expression as he watched his best friend go up in smoke was permanently seared into his brain. They had dealt with death before. You couldn't live the type of life they did without having to say goodbye to loved ones along the way, but that was the first time Sam could remember ever seeing Dean so totally lost.
Well, that went well. It wasn't a very descriptive word, he admitted but he really wasn't sure what else to call it. "Oh, you know, just..well a thing is all."
"What?" Sam shook his head "No, my shoulder's fine. Cas healed that for me when we got back. But Dean..."
"Yes." Cas hissed, his wings flaring out sharply. Sam saw Dean reach out a trembling hand to touch them and pulled at his brother’s wrist, shaking his head and nodding it in the direction of Rowena. Dean nodded, taking one last look at the wings before the two of them started crawling across the floor towards the trembling witch.
"Huh, I guess we forgot." Dean shurgged. He couldn't imagine why they didn't tell him about one of the weirdest cases of their lives. "I was all drugged out on the First Blade at the time an you were off on your crusade with that Hannah chick, I guess it just slipped our minds." He gave Cas a reassuring pat on the back and turned back to see Marie staring at the two of them, mouth agape. Something about it made Dean incredibly uneasy. "What?"
Dean had to fight hard not to wince at Cas's words. It was the first time he had brought up Jack on his own since this whole thing started. "Okay, fine." Dean smiled trying to keep the mood light. "Me and Sammy will just have to pick up your slack."
Also, sorry about the title of this chapter. It's stupid, I know, but I couldn't land on a good one so I used the Bi flag, cuz well, why TF not?!
“All my powers are cool.” Adam replied confidently. “I try to keep them to myself mostly. If you go around telling everybody you have powers, they tend to expect things from you. Like super heroes, you know? I always thought they were a bit rubbish, anyway. Who wants to go around saving everybody all the time? You'd never have anytime to yourself. I don't want that, so I just use them sometimes when it benefits me. That's the smart way to do it, I think.”
I debated for a while on splitting it into two parts and leaving it here, for those who wanted to avoid any serious angsty angst, but it felt unresolved. This is my warning that the two stories will be combined from now on. There will be fluff....there will be angst...but ultimately it should end happy if you wish to end it here and leave it open to your interpretation of what happened after this, that's great. Thank you for coming on this journey with me.😘
Dean suddenly found himself choking on air. “Cas isn't my... it's not... he's just an angel. He doesn't really belong to anybody.” He stuttered out eloquently. “But, actually, no. He didn't struggle with being around me at all. He actually helped hunt me down and cure me.”
Cas finally looked away from the screen and into Dean's eyes, his own watery and red rimmed. "We had an appointment."
Aziraphale rolled his eyes and Crowley's waggling eyebrows and switched his book to one hand, lacing the fingers of his free on with one of Crowley's. "And if everyone were to jump off a bridge, would you follow?"
"Shh, just...just let me get this out, okay?" Dean interrupted. "Truth is I am getting too old for this. Not hunting or anything like that, but I'm getting too old to be messing around. God, I've let so many people walk out of my life because I've been too afraid to tell them what I really needed. I've spent so long being afraid of letting anybody get close because I didn't want to let them into my life only to lose them. Watch them run away in fear when they learn the truth about me. I didn't want my lifestyle to catch up with me and have them get caught in the cross-fire. But I don't have to do that with you. Dammit Cas, you said it yourself, you know me inside and out.  You know all my baggage, you've seen my dirty laundry, you know every mistake I have made and you stay. No matter what I do, no matter who I hurt...you stay.Right here. Right by my side. And that's where I want you. I don't even care who knows it anymore."
"Hello." The creature said in an oddly boyish and joyful voice. The fear in the Almighty's face was the last piece of the puzzle as to what (and who) the creature was.
Cas huffed out a breath, trying again to steel himself for what he had to say. "We need to discuss..."
It was well into afternoon before they decided to take a break. They had been reading almost non-stop for hours, each of them at least three books in, except for Adam. He was in for about two books, one magazine, three comics about aliens, and approximately 30 questions about everything ranging from, “Do your people ride around in space ships” to “what kind of food do you eat”. They had managed to find four spells that looked promising, only for each of them to end in utter disaster. Crowley's hair was still smoking from the last one. Basically, it looked hopeless. Anathema made a call to Mrs. Young to ask if Adam could stay for dinner, while Aziraphale fussed at Crowley for not getting out of the way when he was told. Dean stretched his legs out in front of him, under the table, and scrubbed both hands over his face. Maybe being stuck here wasn't so bad. It's not like he had a hell of a whole lot waiting for him back home, if there even was a home to go back to.
"A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved." -Kurt Vonnegut
"You had us worried sick! We haven't heard from you since you left this morning! Haven't you ever heard of picking up a phone!" She scolded.
Dean scooped up his stuff and stormed into the bathroom, slamming the door behind him. The chorus of laughter barely muffled from the other room. He turned on the shower in an attempt to drown it out further before he began to strip. This had to be the worst day he had had in a while, Archangel in his dome, not withstanding. He guessed he kinda deserved it. He should've known Cas would catch on to his relentless teasing. After all, he really did know Dean better than anyone else. Still, why did it have to be this? Of all things?
"Balthazar. Inias. Hanna. Joshua. You've gotta be kidding me with this, Cassie." Gabriel said, marching alongside Castiel as he paced. "You asked for a list and all you gave us was cliff notes. You've got like forty angels here dude. We need an army, not a marching band!"
"It's about Cas!" Sam snapped. Dean stopped and turned to face him, eyebrow lifted in a question. Sam took a deep breath, preparing himself for the shitstorm that he was about to unleash. "He made a deal."
"You were a literary tool." Chuck said coldly. "That's it. That's all you are. That's all you'll ever be. You were interesting and dynamic. An angel, fallen from grace to carry out 'God's true intentions'. The angel who took humanity's side over Heaven. You were a trope. That's it." His voice remained icy, his glare burning hot. "I rebuilt you to add dynamic to an already epic story. But you just...you kept screwing up. Then these guys?" He shot a hand out towards Dean and Sam before letting his arm drop. "They just kept taking you back. It was astounding. It took me an embarrassing amount of time to figure out why but when I did...oh...it was perfect." He let out a mirthless laugh and shook his head. "It gave me an edge, a twist so great it would rival any story ever written. I would use you to finally break Dean Winchester." He turned his gaze on Dean. "See, everyone expects the hero to pull through and win in the end. But I didn't want that. No, I believe the greatest stories are tragedies, so I needed a twist. A pivotal moment where everything would go downhill," he smiled and turned back to Cas, "and the Winchesters' devotion to you handed me that on a silver platter. I would wait until they were on top of the world, and then pull the rug out from under them, by taking away everything they love."
Cas stood tall and held out his hand, clearly loving the attention "Hello. My name is Castiel. Pleased to meet you."
"We go forward as planned." Cas said. "Without Crowley, we'll have to double the efforts of the angels in your charge. It will be difficult, but I believe you can manage."
"Tore down all the walls up here." Bobby continued. "Heaven ain't just relivin' your golden oldies anymore. It's what it always should've been. Everyone happy, Everyone together." He smiled. "Rufus lives about five miles that way," He chucked, gesturing towards the hills, "with…Aretha. Thought she'd've had better taste." He joked. "And your mom and dad…they got a place over yonder." He said, pointing the other direction. Dean couldn't believe it. It seemed too good to be true. Bobby turned to him with a gentle smile and shrugged. "It ain't just Heaven, Dean. It's the Heaven you deserve. And we've been waiting for ya." He bent down and grabbed a beer from the cooler between them, popped the cap and handed it to Dean, before grabbing one for himself.
Sam just shook his head as he patted his brother on the back, following the crowd down the hall. "Way to make it sound like you're not in love with the guy, Dean." he whispered before disappearing with the others.
“Yeah.” Dean nodded, trying as hard as he could to push the images of his time with the Mark from his mind. “Wasn’t even running on full cylinders at the time. To top it off he was also hunting down other angels at trying to get 'em all back upstairs. Still managed to show up just in time to stop me from killing me brother.”
For the first time in his life, he had someone who didn't want to leave and stay gone. His dad was always coming in and out of his life, making sure Bobby or others were only around when necessary, hell, even Sam dipped out on him. To this day he's not sure whether or not Sam would have stayed with him after that hunt in Jericho if Jess hadn't got caught by a demon. But no one ever told Cas that he had to stay with Dean. He didn't do it out of responsibility or familial obligation, he did it because he wanted to. Dean was being honest when he said he wasn't sure when he started to fall for him. It just happened. One day, Cas was just some feathered asshole who raised him from the grave to do Heaven's dirty work, then he was suddenly a friend, and then he was just...more...and it scared the ever-loving shit out of Dean. So, he kept it to himself. Until last night....
"What about Death?" Aziraphale supplies. "You said she helped you collect souls the last time. Couldn't you..."
Dean had to swallow past the lump that was building in his throat. “You know, for a soulless bastard, the guy can be such a sap.”
Crowley dipped his head trying to hide his shy smile. "I do. Don't tell him that. His head is big enough as it is."
"Well," Bobby said behind him, "You got everything you could ever want, or need, or dream. So, I guess the question is, what are you gonna do now Dean?"
"This is completely bonkers." Meg said closing the book. "None of that's possible. What even is this?"
"I'm merely pointing out that your lack of confidence in this moment may not be the best approach." The angel sighed. "Though an army encamp against me, my heart shall not fear; though war arise against me, yet I will be confident." He quoted again. "A king should be nothing, if not confident. I doubt the demons will be inclined to listen to you if they see you are teetering on the edge of madness."
"I get why Dean has been acting wierd, duh." She said, like it was obvious. Sam sat, staring at her, trying to peice together what puzzle she seemed to have completed. "Oh, my God. Do you really not see it?" Charlie laughed.
Dean glared at her over the edge of his book before glancing over at Cas's sleeping form. The, bruises were long gone by now, the only evidence of the scrapes were the quickly fading scars they had left behind. But the black marks remained, though they had shrunk to the size of cigarette burns, they still served as reminders of why Cas was even sleeping in the first place. He gritted his teeth and set down his book, looking at her out the side of his eyes after tipping his head in Cas's direction. "I think it's pretty clear that Sam won't change his mind, once it's set on something."
“Well, regardless of your opinions of your brother's love life,” Rowena said, “we can at least agree that there is a broken-hearted creature down that hallway, who is suffering right now, and one of his only friends just spent a good amount of time yelling at him and telling him his plight was hopeless.”
"Oh, come on! Back me up here Sammy!" Dean looked to Sam for support, only to discover he had fallen asleep. "Traitor." He mumbled in his brother's direction. Cas huffed another small laugh and the two of them continued to watch the rest of the play in silence. As the curtain closed after the (admittedly beautiful) cover of 'Carry on Wayward Son' Dean stretched out in an exaggerated yawn. "Well, there you have it. You happy now?"
“We should play a game.” Aziraphale swooped in, trying to save Dean. Unfortunately, it ended up dampening his mood slightly more. The mention of Cas and games in the same few moments caused his heart to drop a little, remembering a time that playing games was all Cas wanted to do. “As long as it ain't Sorry or Twister, I'm down.”
Dean ran the Cas's side, crouching down to pull his friend into his lap. He lightly slapped the side of Cas's face muttering "C'mon, c'mon" over and over again under his breath until he felt Cas gasp for air. "Thank fuck!" He sighed, pressing his forehead to the angel's."
Adam nodded and watched as his father went further into the house before turning his gaze on them. “What do you lot need?” He said in a bored tone. “I’ve already told you, I have no interest in ruling the world. I've got enough on my plate, thank you very much.” Dean couldn't help but chuckle at the kid's cocky attitude. “Who's he? Another one of your stupid friends?” Dean laughed even harder. The kid had some serious balls.
It was Siobhan who noticed them first. Her mouth opening and closing like a fish for a while before she leaned over to get Kristen's attention. Kristen's hand shot up over her mouth and she turned to the person she was speaking with and nodded before dragging Siobhan in their direction.
They talked about books after that, until Crowley came back with food. They ate and laughed at each other's stories. After dinner, they drank a bit more and continued to talk about the apocalypse and what went down on each side until Dean began to doze off after a few hours. “Come on, Dean.” Crowley nudged. “Let’s go get you some sleep before tomorrow. “
Garth leaned back on his chair and let out a heavy sigh. "That really sucks man. I'm sorry about your mom. Jack seemed like a real good kid." Sam just gave him a grunt in response as he drained the last of the whiskey into his glass. "So, is that why you got that angel lurking around? You know them other universe folks ain't gonna take too kindly to having him around here."
"A gift?!" Crowley practically giggled. "You gave him a mix tape, of your favorite songs? As a gift?!"
"I've lived amongst humans far longer than you have." Crowley argued, in a too casual tone." I know them better than I know myself at times. I've learned from their history, I've seen their movies, I've read their books. I assure you, I'm absolutely correct."
Castiel huffed out a sigh, eyes not leaving the bar. "I find her freckles nice to look at, I suppose. Her eyes are nice, familiar. I like green."
Dean jumped back away from the man and out of the portal, pulling an angel blade from his belt. "Who are you?!" He demanded, holding the point to the tip of the man's nose. “Are you a Man of letters? I thought we told you to disband?! How did you get me here? I'm not playing any of your sick little games you son of a bitch! The world is ending! I need to get back to..."
Aziraphale pursed his lips and took a few steps closer to the demon. "Forgive me, my dear, but I was quite certain that you actually live on his bad side." He grabbed Crowley's hand and brought it up high before weaving his fingers through the demon's. "He never seemed to be fond of you in the first place."
"You know we didn't Cas!" Dean chided "This is obviously just Marie's imagination getting away from her."
Mary huffed a small laugh and shook her head. “ I asked him the same thing. You know what he said? He said they were all very human things. Things he never thought twice about before he met you.” She swallowed and met Dean's eye's with an unreadable look in her own. “He told me you were the first being he ever met that treated him as an equal. No better, no worse. He told me he 'found it incredibly frustrating and disrespectful at first', but then he said he found it to be the greatest gift anyone could ever receive. He told me he kept those things, so when he felt weak and helpless he could look back and remember that humanity is strength.” She paused and took a breath. “ He told me he keeps them as a reminder of what he fell for.”
"Brother...stop..." Amara said, reaching out to grab his shoulder, but he shrugged her off and ignored her.
"My dear, I am terribly tired, we have settled the matter, and I would like to go home, as soon as possible, so that I can sleep."
"I'm alright." Aziraphale gulped, looking absolutely mortified. "Besides, I don't believe we have that kind of time to spare."
Dean nodded, smiling internally, downright fucking radiating with joy, but he was still confused, and kept it to himself. He crossed his arms and glared at the Angel. "Okay, so, Jack brought you back and it never once crossed your mind to.. I don't know…maybe let me and Sam know you were okay?!" He grumbled. He wasn't angry, he couldn't find it in himself to be so. Cas, was alive, standing right there in front of him. He was however, enjoying seeing the Angel struggle. His awkward behavior reminded Dean so much of how he used to be when they first met, and Dean was soaking up every bit of it that he could.
“Enough, Dean!” Aziraphale waved his hand and the plate restored itself. “We are guests in her home. We have no right to be accusing her of anything. Are you alright?” He turned to face Anathema as she stood and was met with a very nervous face. “Anathema, dear? You aren't hiding anything, are you?”
"What are you doing?" Crowley asked, backing away from the angel. "No. No! Don't you dare. I don't do hugs. Get back." He stopped when the back of his legs hit the bed and was scooped into Aziraphale's arms.
Mr. Young's eyes traveled back and forth between his son and the strange men outside for a moment before stepping back inside. “Alright, son.” He said. “You shout if you need me. Understand?”
"Stop." Jack cried, his soft blue eyes already rimmed with red. "You can't…you can't leave me. Sam can figure something out…"
Cas swooped in while Chuck was distracted and grabbed Sam and Dean before grabbing Rowena and flying them in front of Meg. "Get them out of here." He commanded the demon. "Now!"
Mary smiled and shook her head. "No, it's not that. I really do have to be hitting the road if I want to make it back before dark. I'm gonna go get my stuff. I'll be back in to tell you all goodbye.”
Sam couldn't help but notice the bitter tone to Cas's voice, and he didn't have to think too hard to take a guess on why that was. He pushed the dust pan against the broom and placed his free hand on Cas's shoulder to get his attention. "Hey. We got Dean back. That's the important thing. As for those two ... we'll cross that bridge when we come to it, but for now the guy's right. So whatdya say we go save the world? Again."
He tried his best to suppress a yawn, watching as Donna threw open the barn doors to reveal what was inside. "Is...is that a fucking snow plow?" He asked, completely confused as to how this was going to help them get home.
Cas had spent years fighting through Hell to save the righteous man. “I mean, I guess I always had my suspicions”. Sam said. Cas had disobeyed the Host to help them bring down Lilith. “I mean he's always been a little weird around Dean.” He rebelled against Heaven to join them in their fight against the apocalypse. “But he's an angel.” He had lost his mind when Dean went off to say yes to Michael. "It's not like he was well versed on 'normal human behavior'.” He sacrificed himself to give Dean time to talk to Sam. He paired up with a demon to keep it all from happening again. “He did say that he and Dean shared a more 'profound bound', I just figured it was because of the Hell thing.”
Marie smiled back proudly. "Not at all! I told you, Supernatural is their favorite series! It's what brought them together. I think it's only fitting that they celebrate their upcoming union with a splash of their passion."
They walked back discussing the plan of action all the way to the cabin, entering to find a cluster of packing and petty arguments. Donna went to help Jody situate the girls while Dean pulled his three aside to go over the plan. "Alright, so we're gonna do this caravan style. Me and Donna are gonna ride up front in the snow plow. It's got some extra speed, and we should be able to push anything solid out of the way before it attacks. Still, we wanna be prepared just in case, so we need one person with some sort of mojo in each vehicle. Crowley, you're with us. Rowena, I want you in the middle with Jody, Alex and Patience. P's got eyes on what we can't see, so she should be able to alert us each way. They'll be carrying all the supplies so it's better for them to stay in the middle so everyone has equal access. We'll have walkie-talkies in each vehicle. It's faster than phones and easy for everyone to communicate at once." He paused, fiddling with his keys in his pocket for a minute before turning to Cas.
Sam watched as the angel stumbled back to his room, refusing to look back, leaving him in the room with a dangerous and angry teenage girl. He looked back at Kaia, his eyes pleading, hoping for one last shot. “Kaia, please.” He begged. “Please, we'll do anything we can. You're in this as much as we are now. We'll give you protection, we'll try to help you find a way home, just...please....”
"You have the wrong angel." Cas shook his head. He wasn't a leader. He failed in every attempt to be one. All that would happen if he tried, would be sure and utter chaos. "I am not a leader. I will fail. Find someone else."
Cas rolled his eyes and pushed the water closer. "You need to stay hydrated. Consuming nothing but alcohol won't do you any favors if we are required to run tomorrow."
"Great." Dean shrugged. " Then we'll ask their help. Later. When all of us can be there. Can...Can we please just take this one cosmic plane at a time?"
Dean waited until she was out of sight, her voice a quiet hum in the distance before addressing the other two. “She’s hiding something.” He said bluntly.
It was hope. Proof that what they do has a positive impact on people's lives. Even the smallest, weirdest of cases could make a difference. It was something Dean had neglected to realize as of late, with all his own problems clouding his vision. Maybe they could find a way to save him. These girls were proof that  they didn't always need to make big leaps to make the world a better place.
"Nothing to get him in a tizzy like that!" Crowley insisted as he walked over to scoop the tape off the bed. He twirled it in his hand once before walking over to place it on the desk next to the ancient stereo. "I think, he still doesn't care for me that much." He sounded a little defeated.
"There's nothing the girl can do for him, Dean." Aziraphale said placing his hand between the man's shoulders. Dean looked up at him with panicked and tearful eyes, begging him silently to explain. Aziraphale took a deep breath and shook his head. "He's an angel Dean, she won't know what to do." He pulled the hunter to his feet and waved his hand behind him. "Crowley, dear, please take Castiel to his room. I'll need a quiet space to do what I can..."
Crowley grabbed Aziraphale by the hand and brought them both to their feet, extending his wings and nodding to his angel to do the same. They moved to stand with a group that seemed to be headed by none other than an archangel, waiting for instruction as they watched the curious scene play out before them.
“Thank you, Rowena” she smiled, then turned to Crowley and Aziraphale. “See you two on the other side.” she nodded, then her and Adam stepped through.
"No... Cas...no." Dean took a deep breath and took a few more cautious steps forward, speaking softly. "That's not what I... that’s not...are you forgetting who's up there man?" Cas deflated a little at that. It was a low blow, but he had to do it. Mentioning her might be his only chance at talking him out of this suicide mission.
'Keep him distracted.' That was the plan. Keep him weak. Don't let him gain a second of clarity to gather his thoughts. Attack from all sides. Keep him confused. Just long enough for the small group of angels to sacrifice most of their Grace to Amara to give her strength. Once she had enough power, all the angels would release a collective smite onto Chuck on Castiel's command and she could deal the final blow. Not strong enough to kill, just weak enough to capture. Just a little more time, everything was going fine, they were going to pull this off...
"I don't  think 'wooing' her is really necessary, Dean." Sam smirked, throwing back his unpilfered  shot. "She seemed pretty interested  on her own."
"Don't!" Cas warned. "Don't you dare. You and I both know you've changed destiny before." Dean opened his mouth to argue, but no words came out. There was no argument to be made. Cas's voice went from harsh to strained. "You know that's not what this is about. You're just giving up. You think the world will be better off without you and your using Michael as an excuse. You don't even care that there are those of us who don't want to live in a world, safer or not, that doesn't have you in it."
"So," Aziraphale said, unable to stop himself from beaming at the demon. He knew that there was something more there. He always had. He denied their friendship for years, but in his heart, he always knew it went even past that. "The king of Hell, eh?"
“Oh, yeah.” Dean nodded. “Super cool aliens.” Despite the fact that they were getting virtually nowhere with getting him home, and the fact that he was starting to feel both emotionally and physically exhausted, Dean was really enjoying talking to Adam. The kid was chock-full of questions, so thirsty for knowledge, and Dean would be lying if he said he wasn't having fun convincing the kid he was something more special than he actually was. “Sam is the smartest alien on our planet. He knows everything about everything, and he's not afraid of anything either. And Cas? He's got tons of super cool alien powers, like you wouldn't believe.”
"Is it?" Dean snapped. "Because he's the strongest thing we got on our side right now, and if he goes...he dies and he's not coming back! Where does that leave us? If he dies...fuck man!" He scrubbed his hands over his face then ran them through his hair, pulling at the roots to keep himself grounded.
Dean's mind was reeling. Of course. Of fucking course. This is why they couldn't have nice things. There was always something looming over their heads. He was a fool to have thought even a single good thing could happen to them without consequence. “ What did you do, Cas?” He tried his best to keep his voice calm, but the fact he was speaking through gritted teeth probably didn't help.
"OH, I'M THE DICK?!" he heard Cas reply as he took a step out of Dean's space before his brother pulled him back in.
It was during his third day in hell, that Crowley decided that you can't trust anyone, no matter how attractive they were.
"So, it's not just about the vampire." Charlie said. "Who else has Dean been trusting that you don't think he should?"
"None of that now." Aziraphale hushed him, grabbing him by the shoulders to usher him to his room, Crowley falling close behind. He slipped one hand down the hunter's shoulder and rested it on his shattered fist to heal it. "There you are." He smiled hopefully. "All better." But dean didn't seem to care.
"And what do you know Gabriel? You abandoned Heaven as well! You have been gone far too long to know the horrors that Castiel brought upon us."
“You poor, delusional child.” Rowena chuckled, shaking her head. “It isn't God, or Jack, or humanity, or even the end of the world that he's upset about. Actually, he probably is, but I can promise you, all of that is the least of his worries.” Sam stared back at her, his expression blank. “It's your brother. Dear lord, I haven't spent nearly half the time around the two of them that you have and even I can see that. A complete stranger could spot it from a mile away!”
"I was there!" Jack said, taking a few steps closer. "It said it wouldn't take you until you allowed yourself to be happy! You said…"
He was mildly aware that he probably shouldn't be running. There were shooting pains up his legs and across his back with every single movement and judging by how hard it was to take a breath, several ribs had been bruised at the very least, but the pain was the last thing on his mind. Dean pushed through it and kept his feet moving as fast as they would go over broken limbs and uprooted trunks of trees that had been blown over in Cas's wake when he left the bunker to scour the earth for Dean. Cas had searched an entire planet for him, to bring him back safely, the least he could do was manage a few hundred yards. He had to get back to Cas. He had to keep him safe. He couldn't lose him again.
Crowley leaned over to Dean while the other two were wrapped up in conversation about Heaven and angels. "He's not really a friendly one is he." He whispered.
I know I initially said I would update once, maybe twice a week, and I don't want to get too ambitious, but....it may be a little more frequently. Mainly because these chapters are taking up A LOT of space on my phone which is making editing a nightmare ( no space means slow apps). Anyway.... Here's a chapter about fanfiction.
"It terrifies me." He replied, too calmly. Aziraphale turned around in his arms and studied his face, a million questions hanging in the air. Crowley sighed and pressed his forehead against Aziraphale’s. "I've already told you that I don't have high expectations in this fight. We're going up against the Almighty himself. This was never going to be easy, and I never had any illusions of it being as such. War never is. It's bloody, and cruel and heartbreaking, for everyone involved. That is why it is utterly pointless to engage in, unless you have something you believe is worth fighting for. Lucky for me, I happen to be fighting for the most important thing in all of existence."
Sam walked in at the same time that the ball shattered into light and the rift reassembled itself. “What the hell?!” He screeched.
Dean shook his head, doing his best to avoid his brother's questioning gaze. "He told me..he told me I was worth more than I thought I was. That I wasn't just some tool. That I was worth more than just the people I saved. He… I don't know, man…he just kept talking about me like I was this amazing thing…like I was something special. Said I was the reason he learned to care about stuff…the reason he changed…that was the one who taught him…that I taught him to…to love."
"See what I mean?" Chuck shrugged. "Here's the part where you should be quaking in fear, and yet...." He glanced back at Amara and nodded his head. She let out a snarl and rolled her eyes, releasing her hand to let Cas crumble to the floor. " You Winchester's are truly baffling. I mean, I gave you life. I created this entire world, plotted out every detail to the end and everything was going exactly how it should have and then...blam! You go and change it up on me. It's pretty frustrating actually." He looked down, a tight-lipped frown on his face as he shook his head. " I really thought I got it right this time."
Dean teared up as he pulled her into a tight hug. “Thank you, mom.” He choked out. “ You're pretty cool, you know that.”
"So much." Dean yawned. He didn't even know how long he was out, but he was definitely still exhausted.
Dean thrust himself into Cas's hand with greedy moan which the angel swallowed as he began to passionately kiss him. As his hand moved up and down their lengths his tongue slipped into Dean's mouth, rolling them together. Every so often he would twist his wrist and suck Dean's bottom lip between his teeth. As his pace quickened, Dean found himself needing more. He began thrusting harder against the angel, hooking his leg around Cas's hip to gain more leverage. He wrapped his arms around the angel's shoulders, scrapping his nails over the blades.
I have begun rewrites. I am halfway through the next chapter and will have it out as soon as possible. I just feel terrible because I always managed to stay within a two week time frame and now...
Cas turned back to him then, his head tilted, eyes narrowed in that frustratingly adorable way. He took a few steps back towards Dean, causing Dean's heart to race and his body to relax a bit, especially when he saw Cas's expression soften. "Dean." He said softly, that little hint of a smile almost peeking through. Oh thank...well not God, but something. That was so much easier than he thought it was going to be...except...Cas's smile wasn't right... It was...hollow...the closer he got the worse it seemed until he was finally only a few inches from Dean and suddenly Dean felt his stomach sink.
"I've been out of the game too long. Heaven's changed a lot since I was parking my ass in the clouds. I don't know them anymore. I wouldn't be able to tell who's good, who's bad or who's on first. But you can."
"I didn't interrupt anything did I?" Dean asked looking between her and Sam with concern written all over his face. "You guys look a little spooked."
Dean was just emotional. That's what Sam was telling himself. His brother was just emotional right now and he was saying things he didn't mean. This wasn't Jack's fault. It wasn't any of their faults. This was on Chuck. "Dean, listen...."
“Oh, honestly Aziraphale!” sunglasses groaned tossing his head back. He pushed himself off of the table and sauntered over next to his accomplice. “It's not like he's an old friend who popped over for a spot of tea and slipped and fell. This man broke into your shop, intending to do, Satan knows what! There's no need to be so....polite!” He spit out the last word and closed the distance between them and Dean, getting right up into his face. “And believe me, boy, it's better for you that I keep these sunglasses on. Wouldn't want you to pass out again, from fear, before you got the chance to tell us how the hell you managed to break into my friend’s shop!”
"You don't think I've tried?!" Sam snapped. "I've been summoning Billie for days! She's not answering!"
"Good luck staying in the bunker with that." Dean laughed. "So, what about me and Cas? I know you have Aziraphale and Crowley staying here with you to run the demon front and do research. Aziraphale said you had some kinda special project for us."
"Awesome!" Dean said. " We'll swing up to the cabin and pick up the girls on the way back and escort them here. Kaia? You mind helping Sam set up a few of the rooms for every one?"
“So how does this work? We just pretend like everything is hunky dory and then what, one day you're just gone?” Dean was becoming hysterical.
Crowley pushed himself off the wall outside Castiel's room and made his way down the hall. He has made it a habit to check in on Castiel at least once a day since the incident. The first few days were to assist Aziraphale in the healing process, but after that he stuck to peaking in whenever Dean wasn't around. It was easier for everyone if they left the two of them alone. He would pop in, whenever the Angel was sleeping, shrink a bruise here, erase a scrape there, it was those damning black marks that kept him coming back though. Try as he might, he could do nothing to make them dissipate, and that.....
Aziraphale stepped forward, walking up to Dean and placing his hand softly on his shoulder. "The way Sam explained it to us, the entity that runs to your so called, Empty, will only take Castiel once it feels like he has truly suffered."
“I don't mean to be rude, Samuel,“ Rowena pipped up, “but it sounds an awful lot to me like you're giving up.”
Chuck stood in shock, his mouth slightly open as he raised a hand to one cheek and traced the cut, pulling it away to inspect the blood. "All I ever wanted was for us to be happy." He half whispered, staring down at his hand, running a thumb over the bloodied fingers. "I wanted us to be loved. All I ever asked for was cooperation, support in creating perfection." He looked up at Amara, his face almost pained. "You're never going to let me have that, are you?"
"You and your brother just about fucked us all, that's what happened." She sneered down at him before calling out behind her. "He's alive!"
Aziraphale smiled and nodded. “It's quite alright Dean, we understand. They're frightened, is all, and rightfully so. I wouldn't expect any less. After all, I believe my first meeting with you went much the same way. “
Dean ignored the deflection and washed down his food with some coffee. “Why'd you choose to fall? You seem like a decent enough guy. Can't really see you being very gung-ho about Hell on Earth.”
And that was okay. It was perfect. Because above all, they had each other. Come Hell or high water, they always had each other through all of it. Even in the darkest of times, the lowest of lows, to the end and beyond, both of them knew that they would never have to suffer it alone. Even now, facing the end of everything, they were together. It was probably wrong to feel as happy as he did in that moment, but he dared anyone to blame him. He had friends. Not co-workers or commanders and subordinates, but friends. Friends who believed in good, and righteousness even when they had no right to. He got to see the true strength of the human spirit (perhaps the only good thing the Almighty had created) grow and strive through adversity. He was witness to the true embodiment of hope. And through it all, he had the one person he never dared to hope could ever be his, and his alone, standing by his side, just as he always had, knowing now that he would be there, forever. So, yes. In the darkest days he had seen in all of his centuries of living, Aziraphale found himself, completely, undeniably happy.
Aziraphale stayed quite for a moment, mulling over everything Sam was saying. "What do you mean by the universe crashing down on itself if you kill him?" He asked, finally.
"Contrary to what you believe, not everything is about you, Dean." Crowley said "What are you making?"
“And he blames you for her dying?” She raised her eyebrow at him. Cas just nodded again. “The guy whose car you're afraid to even touch?” There was no way she had heard all of that right.
"Dean." Sam whispered crawling over towards his brother, trying to get his attention. "Dean!" He tried again, but it was pointless. Dean looked as though his mind was completely fried, his eyes were wide, his jaw was slack and he was pretty sure his brother hadn't been breathing! C'mon, we gotta get out of here man." That finally got Dean's attention.
"Maybe if you would've fucking listened to someone other than yourself for once in your life Dean, you could've saved yourself from running Cas off. " Sam said. "You were so damn concerned with making him stay and yelling at him for keeping things from you, you wouldn't even let me explain why he did!"
"No, Sam." He said a little louder. "I c...I can't. You know I can't. I can't face her. You...you can't ask me to."
“Of course, seriously!” Crowley's tone sounded like a mix of irritated and sincere. “Besides, you were supposed to find help weren't you. At the very least we should be there to help you explain why you failed miserably. I wouldn't miss that for the world.” He smirked.
He didn't mean to say that. At least it got Dean to stop. He watched his brother go rigid, feet Frozen in place, whole body tense. This was not how this was supposed to go.
"I wouldn't have to interrupt you, Crowley, if you would quit say such ridiculous things." Aziraphale rolled his eyes.
"I'll let him visit." Gabe offered. "You can come visit him too Cassie. I don't care who has a problem with it, you are always welcome in Heaven as long as I have a say. You deserve to be there way more than any of those dick bags do. You guys too, whenever it's your time to go. I'm not trying to separate anyone, but I gotta do right where Dad went wrong."
loudly. He could almost feel Cas's rage building by the second. He was just ready to get all this over with. They were all doomed either way, at least if this worked, they could all be doomed together. “What do we gotta do?”
Crowley smirk slowly morphed into a grin as he gazed up at the angel. " You have no idea." The look sent a shiver down Castiel's spine, as he tried his best to ignore what the demon was most likely implying. Crowley slid his hands backwards across the bed, leaning back on them as he uncrossed and re-crossed his legs, (reminding Cas of a woman from a movie Dean had once showed him) a snicker boiling up under his words. " You know, Dean doesn't want me talking about this with you..." And here it was. The moment Cas had been dreading. Learning the exact nature of their relationship. "But I feel like, what with your impending mission and all, that it's only fair that you should know..." A knock on the door frame drew both of their attention.
Amara smiled then and brushed her hand gently over Dean's cheek. "No. You couldn't have." She said. " I'm glad to know you are well, Dean. I will never forget you. And thank you, for everything, as well."
The first thing that clicked in his head, when he looked over at Crowley with rage to see the demon singing along to the words, with a cocky smile on his face, was that this was definitely NOT Zeppelin.
"It's nothing, Cas." Sam said, ushering him towards the door. "It's what families do. We take care of each other."
"Oh, C'mon Deano!" She was full on rolling now. "Do I have to spell it out for, ya? We got a kick out of it that first night, back at the cabin, but now it's just sad!"
Sam bit back a smile and nodded his head. "Rowena said he should be back to his old self in a couple days."
Dean threw his arms around his brother again. "I know, Sam. I messed up and I'm sorry but I'm back now, and we can..."
"Oh, hell no!" Dean argued. "I am not taking a cold shower because you need to spend three hours lovingly tending to your mane."
"It will be enough." Amara said, cutting off Sam's next outburst. "I can renew the warding beforehand, but it is true, once I pour what I can into your trap, I won't have the strength to keep them up. He will come as soon as they fade again."
Time didn't speed up again until he clicked the fast-forward button on the player, releasing it when he felt that he was safe, and the song was over.
Dean ejected the CD and squinted at the front to make sure it said Led Zeppelin. It did. “What is this? Some kind of joke?” He asked. “You just have a bunch of Queen CDs disguised as others to mess with people or somethin?”
“And whose fault is that, my dear?” Aziraphale lectured as he got in the passenger’s seat after Dean was sat.
Dean was getting closer, and it was now or never. Make the call, and hope it's not too soon, or lose Dean forever. Those were his options. Time seemed to stop, every second taking an eternity to click by, as the sound of Dean's boot crunching over the gravel outside tore him apart; each tiny pebble rolling back over the ground ripping a giant hole through his core. He couldn't do this. Not again. He had worked so hard, fought for so long, it couldn't come down to this. It wasn't fair. He shouldn't have to make this decision. They needed more time, but there was none. Why did he ever agree to this?
"Oh, for Hell's sake! Is that what you thought?!" Crowley demanded. The angel’s eyes shifting down to his lap was all the confirmation he need. "Well that certainly explains a lot, but, no." A full body shiver ran through him as he flapped his tongue again. "No. My interests lie in someone of a more... celestial persuasion." He didn't realize his mistake until Castiel's confused and panicked eyes shot up again to meet his. "No! Not you! Are all angels this daft?! Aziraphale!"
Dean glanced over at the angel, swallowing past the lump in his throat. It wasn't himself that he was worried about. " Yeah." He choked out. " Sure, Cas. You're right. Don't wanna make 'em worry." He walked over to the angel, placing his hand on his shoulder. "Ready to get this show on the road?"
"Cas, go find Charlie and Bobby and tell the we're with them." Dean said, keeping his eyes locked with Sam. " Sam's just gonna have to find someone else for his little suicide mission, cuz it ain't gonna be us."
Even as the warning bells went off in his head (as they always do when he leaned in to kiss his demon) he couldn't find a damn thing that could make his life better. His only concern was that they seemed to be louder this time, and that the room had gone dark. The overwhelming sense of raw power should have been enough to tip him off that something was actually amiss, but he wanted so badly to believe he was allowed to have everything he ever wanted, if only for a moment, that he chose to ignore it. It wasn't until he saw the fear in Crowley's eyes that he resigned to the fact that nothing would ever be perfect.
"How do you delete these sites?" Dean asked ignoring the angel. "There's gotta be some way to get these sites taken down."
"Well, gosh aren't you just a tall glass of water!" She said grabbing his hand and shaking it vigorously. "I can see why you boys felt the need to keep him all to yourselves. Nice to finally see where Claire gets those big baby blues from."
I am so sorry. I know how frustrating it can be to have a story you've been reading put on hold like that. Please forgive me. I promise I haven't abandoned this .
"Holy…" Dean squawked, just before the pole made contact with his right shoulder, sending him into the wall with a sickening crack on his left side. He was temporarily blinded by the pain, his eyes finally focusing on the scene before him. Blood was pouring out of Castiel's hand, his eyes flickering with light as he held tight onto the blade, the Shadow struggling to pull it loose on the other end.
“No.” Sam said. Dean liked women. Plain and simple. Women, cars, and pie. “Not that I'd have a problem with it if he was.” Sam added quickly. “But I know my brother.”
"Well!" Crowley said from beside them. "If we're all going to let our wings out...." Jet black wings burst from the demons back and stretched up high before falling to his sides. His wing span wasn't nearly as large as Cas's, but they were impressive nonetheless, mostly because they were actually visible. "Ahh, there we are." He sighed, looking around the room. "No? Nobody else?" The demons all just stared at him in horror with their mouths agape. "Just us then? How odd." He smiled and gave Cas what could only be considered as a wing-five, and sauntered over to the throne. "So guys," he smirked as he plopped down, crossing his legs over one arm of the throne, leaning against the other, and casually examined his nails. "Let's talk war."
"It's not your decision Dean." It smiled back at him with Billie's face, gripping tightly onto the scythe as it took a step forward. "Castiel and I have a deal. He got his reward. Now I'm here to…to reap mine." It smiled wider.
"And as such," Crowley interrupted, sliding off the desk, his usual wicked smirk returning to his features, "I believe you're entitled to a little abuse of power every so often. Just because you love humanity, it doesn't mean you have to act like them."
"You better go make sure they don't kill each other." Jody grimaced, tilting her head towards the door. "I'll make sure everyone stays here and does what they're supposed to."
“My family's back there.” Dean choked out. “ My brother, Cas, all of them. I can't just let them go. They're all I have. I... I can't...”
Everything got worse over the next couple days. It seemed like every time Dean turned around, a joke was being made at his expense. Even Jack had gotten in on the action, asking if he was considered an abomination since his parents weren't married, pretending to be hurt.
Sam gazed at the angel in awe, earning him a soft smile in return. "It is true that your brother may have embellished stories about you." Aziraphale nodded. "Meeting you in person, I can see where he exaggerated about you. I do not see before me, the man that was described. What I do see, however, is not a monster, but a man who is very scared, and with every right to be so. I can not begin to imagine the horrors you boys have seen in your lifetime. It must all be very frightening, but I also believe it has made you strong. What I see before me, is a man who has the opportunity to take that strength, that knowledge based on years of sheer horror, to go out there and share that wisdom with people who need it to fight off the actual monsters that are plaguing their existence." The angel pulled on the bottom of his coat and straighten up, making his way to the door before pausing with his hand on the knob. "If you don't feel that you can lead them that's fine. You don't have to, but if you want to avoid becoming the monster you fear that you are, the least you can do is help them lead themselves, rather than damning them to die on their own."
Just because he wasn't the brightest when it came to the subtle nuances of human behavior, didn't mean Cas was completely oblivious. He had caught onto the theme of the songs by the third one and he was hurt to say the least. The fact that Crowley had been the one to change them was really just salt in the already festering wound. He had found himself wishing he had chosen a different vessel several times over the past few years, for reasons he didn't want to say out loud. But those reasons didn't seem to matter anymore. He was mostly hurt that Dean felt the need to hide his relationship with the demon from him. They were friends, after all. Above everything else, Castiel almost always supported Dean, even when his decisions were questionable at best. Dean also knew that he was completely indifferent to sexual orientation, though he wasn't sure if that was the aspect about this whole thing that made Dean afraid to come forward, or if it was the fact that his new 'friend' was a demon, that made Dean assume Castiel wouldn't approve. Neither was the real issue, but the facts were there, nonetheless. After everything they had been through, what really hurt was that Dean didn't trust him. That's why he brought him with. To babysit him. That's also why he was keeping this secret, however poorly he was managing, because he didn't trust Cas to accept it.
The shell of Heavenly weapons would sit inside the Hell born case, leaving a gap between them. That gap was the most important part of the structure. That gap was where they would place the souls. The plan was to lace bottom of the Hell case with spell work, allowing the Heavenly shell to levitate inside, just long enough for them to fill the gap with enough souls, finally sealing it off with a mixture of both metals. They had also made a latch and lock out of the arch angel blade, just for good measure.
“Adam!” Anathema scolded, returning to the table with a tray of snacks. “You mustn't be so nosey. It's impolite.”
" Hey, it ain't my fault he decided to be a douche first thing in the morning."  Dean replied while he rinsed off the soap from Jack's bowl.
Sam sighed and slipped off his bed, walking over to Cas and pulling him into a hug. "You still came for me even though you knew you were running low."
God was going to make him suffer, so Dean did the one thing he thought would save him. If only he knew how wrong he had been.
"The odd jobs then?" Dean interrupted again. "Tulpas, pishtacos? All the weird junk that only we seem to come across?"
Cas hummed quietly and nodded his head, then he looked back down at his clothes. " Although, perhaps my attire would be more suitable for such a location." he rolled his head towards Dean with a look of genuine hurt in his eyes.
"Okay, one: I look freaking awesome for my age and everyone knows it! And two: If this was a relationship, I would be the man! If anyone has a girlish figure here it's you!"
"Cas, don't..." Dean heaved a frustrated sigh and pulled the angel back into his room, shutting the door behind him. "Cas please don't be mad at me. I'm sorry, okay? I was an ass today and I know it. Just.... please forgive me."
" Take the next left past this hill right here." Sam said calling out the directions from the GPS. "It should be the first house on the right ."
"I told him not to tell you or your brother." Castiel continued. "You were both going through enough and I didn't want to add anymore cause for concern." He watched as Dean began taking deep breaths. The hunter dropped his face from the ceiling, turning it to the floor as he squeezed his eyes shut and pressed his tongue against the inside of his cheek. "I realize that it was wrong of me to ask him to lie on my account. I do apologize for that but I did what was necessary to bring him back and I won't…"
Aziraphale looked down and fiddled nervously with his jacket. "Well... it's never been explicitly stated...I suppose after a few millennia you just sort of know and..." His head popped up then, and he gave Sam his best fake smile. "You know, I do believe it is getting close to lunchtime. Why don't I go check on the girl and whip us up something to eat?"
Rowena looked up gently closed the book, placing her hands, neatly, back on the cover. “ You're missing a large piece of the puzzle here, dearie. I'm merely just surprised it hasn't come to you yet.”
" That ain't exactly my fault now, is it?" Dean said, side eyeing the angel as he put the last dish in the strainer.
"Whoa!" Mary interrupted holding up her hands. “Too far Dean! There is a child present, you know, and I'm still your mother! We don't need to hear all that!”
Cas's eyes lit up as he flipped around. He was across the library, in front of the witch, in the blink of an eye, staring her down with all of his holy wrath. “I said,” He ground out between his teeth, “Bring. Him. Back!”
Cas looked back and forth between the bickering brothers with a look of concern "I don't understand. What is going on?"
Dean's soul had sung to Castiel in Hell. For forty years, he had fought in the pit against demons, taking blow after blow, striking down every demon that stood in his way, and he would be lying if we're to say that it was his sense of duty to the mission that drove him. For forty years he longed to find the source of that song, to bask in the glory of its tune and let it consume him. Forty years he dredged through fire, and sulfur, battered and worn, unwilling to accept defeat until he could lose himself at the feet of what was creating such an exquisite sound. It was pointless ugly noise compared to the moment he saw Dean's soul. In all his existence, he had never seen anything so divine (blasphemous implications be damned). Even torn to shreds, laying broken and bare in the deepest, darkest pits of Hell, it was beautiful and bright. It was agonizing, glorious, perfect. He had never held so much purity as when he was piecing Dean's soul back together. Never felt so much love. Dean had sacrificed his life for his family. He gave up his childhood to make sure his brother had some semblance of one. He had dedicated his freedom to helping others, to saving the world. He was willing to save the souls of humanity, even those who were unwilling to save themselves, never wanting anything in return. Never expecting anything for himself, because he truly believed that was what he was meant to do. Castiel had fallen for his soul before he had ever even met him.
As the last of the crowd trickled in,  Marie gave a short intro to the film, explaining how it was a collection of moments leading up to the love Kristen and Siobhan shared now. When everyone was seated she gave a signal to the person in the the booth (presumably Maeve) to begin the film.
"I can take care of Sam's injuries. Please...please get back to Dean. I...I need someone there with him...I need..." He sputtered to the other angel.
“No...” Dean murmured weakly. He felt the room begin to spin. His head was about to explode. His stomach was in his chest. His heart was....empty. He felt his knees buckle, ready to fall to the ground, when he found himself wrapped in the angel's strong embrace. That's when he began to sob. He was losing his best friend and it was all his fault. All because he got worked up over a few stupid jokes, because he couldn't keep it in his fucking pants. He was losing the person he loved, just because he loved him.
"I figured it was only fair that I warn you." Castiel said, solemnly. "It's up to you, Jack. You have Sam and Dean. You have Death herself on your side. There is nothing more that I can do. My powers are failing. I can't…" he swallowed, squeezing his eyes shut as he choked back his tears of frustration before continuing. "I am too weak to even heal minor injuries without becoming exhausted. I can feel my strength draining away a little more each day now. My time has come."
Sam was still pissed, that was for sure, but Dean was madder. He took a step back as soon as Dean turned around with that look in his eyes. The one he wore when he was about to tear through a monster that had personally wronged him. He felt his heart leap to his throat, blocking the words that he tried to get out as Dean took a step closer. This was it. In the back of his mind, he always knew that Dean was going to be the one to kill him. Their own father had told him he had to. And why not now? They probably weren't gonna make it out alive this time any way. At least, this way, Sam would get to avoid the messy end. He probably wouldn't mean to do it. Sam was bigger, stronger, sure, but he was no match for his brother's blind rage. Dean was about to beat the ever-loving shit out of him. Except....was he laughing? He was. It wasn't a good laugh. It was the kind of laugh you hear walking passed the mental dorm of a high security prison. No, Dean wasn't gonna kill him. He had finally fucking lost it. "Dean.... I.. "
“Your, uh…your friend there tells me you had a big hand in all this.” John said, awkwardly. "The way Heaven is now and everything."
He set his clothes on the end of the bed and made it up as neatly as he found it, before he began to strip out of his borrowed PJs. He stood for a minute with the PJs in his hand, realizing that there wasn't a laundry basket or anything to put them in. Why would there be? He opted to just fold them up neatly and place them where his clothes had been. After he got dressed, he walked out into the hallway and was overpowered by the scent of eggs and bacon and something caffeinesque. He began to question the urgency to go home when he walked into the kitchen to find a full plate of breakfast sitting next to a steaming cup of something, waiting for him on the island.
"But you see," came a familiar gravelly voice, breaking through the chaos...and just like that...the world stopped..."the thing about writing is, sometimes you just have these characters who slip away from you...." Cas smirked (a terrifying sight, rather than joyful) as he flipped his blade in his hand. He looked down and ran his fingers over the blade, his actual wings flaring over his head as he glanced up through his lashes "and go off on their own."
"Yeah, well so's this!" Dean said muscling passed Sam to get to the door, hand gripping the handle before Sam spoke.
“That's quite enough!” The first man said, frantically. “Both of you!” Sunglasses straightened up with a huff (though for a second, Dean could've sworn it was a hiss) and walked back over to lean back against his table. “Right!” Blondie nodded. “Now, I believe that perhaps we may have gotten off on the wrong foot. Introductions then.” The man held his hand out to shake Dean's, before remembering the handcuffs. He drew his hand back and slid both down the front his suit to smooth it out. “My name is Aziraphale and this,” he said gesturing over to Sunglasses “is my...well...um...” He sputtered nervously.
"No, you're right! " She said, sounding a little angry. " It wasn't just a crush. It was stupid and fast but I fell for her and then I watched her die. But that's not what I'm mad about! I'm mad because she was taken away from me before anything even had the chance to start! And I have to live with that! No one should have to live with that...."
Sam hadn't found another way, of course. Not that Castiel had expected him to. He understood Dean's insistence that he at least try, but it was a fruitless effort. Amara was their only option. The man was just stubborn. Even after finally accepting that the trip had to be made, he still insisted on driving. He had told Cas that it was due to his fear of flying, but Cas knew otherwise. He was stalling. Trying to prolong the inevitable and as much as Cas wanted to agree, to stretch time out and spend just one or two more days with Dean pretending that they weren't about to face the woman who had rattled them both to their cores at the mere mention of her name, the embodiment of destruction, circumstances would not allow it. They needed to find her as soon as possible. It was a small argument, Dean's words were more full of wishful pleas than actual heat, but eventually it was decided. He was currently down the hall in the armory, filling a backpack with any weapons that would fit inside. It was pointless, as nothing they had would be effective against her, but Cas supposed it made him feel better, so he let him go.
"No, its not." Sam argued. "I know you two were closer, but Cas was my friend too, maybe if I was here with you guys, I could've helped in some way and he'd still be…"
Dean was as good as forgiven. Cas was still pissed for sure, but he knew exactly what he was doing. He was using Dean's words to tell him what he really meant without actually having to say it. And Dean remembered those word too. Cas had just healed Lisa after she got kidnapped by demons and Dean was still livid with him, he wanted to hate Cas more than anything back then, for everything he was doing, everything he had become, but he couldn't. And he did eventually forgive Cas for all of that too. It took fucking forever for him to get over it, but he did, and that's what Cas was saying. So, Dean played along.
"Look!" Cas pointed to the TV. " there you are!" They all watched as the real Dean was tossed across the stage trying to gank the scarecrow.
"It isn't." The demon shrugged. " It's infinitely more dangerous, in fact, but...." The demon looked up then, his snake like eyes filled with moister. " It's bad out there, Aziraphale. It's a bloody shitstorm. Now, I've never been a fan of the Almighty myself, but even Lucifer couldn't dream up the horrors I witnessed out there. I should know. I lived in Hell. I saw his work, but what's out there....even the cruelest forms of torture couldn't hold a candle to it. Those people are devouring each other. Becoming monsters, killing each other off in hoards and he barely had to lift a finger to make it so. He isn't following some divine plan, he isn't teaching some great lesson or anything like that , he's just mad. In every sense of the word. He's gone absolutely mad. He's letting everything fall to pieces and he's not stopping it. Not ever."
a light in the kitchen, otherwise they would never be able to see in there at night. Besides, it wouldn't really describe the urgency of the situation, not that he felt that the situation had much urgency to it. He could describe it as a creature he  supposed, though he was fairly sure it wasn't really alive, despite the strange noises it was making. Besides that, a creature could mean anything from a spider to a hellhound and neither of those would garnish the reaction he was hoping to get out of her. "…there's a…thing…in the kitchen." He finally decided on.
Dean crossed his arms and cocked an eyebrow at his brother. "Would you rather wait 'till we get home, where anybody could walk in and see it?"
"Here you go, gentlemen." Susie said arriving with the food. "Oh, Hey Marie! How ya doing, hun? Can I get ya anything?"
The bunker was gone. That had to be where the smoke was coming from. The only stable home he had ever known; obliterated right before his eyes. The only place he had ever had a bed of his own. An actual roof over his head. A place to park Baby at night...and the Impala too. She was in there. His car. His only constant in life. The only thing that never abandoned him. Nothing but scrap metal now.
"Why?" Chuck scoffed. "So, you can just weasel your way back and screw everything up again? No, I have something else in mind for you Castiel. You messed up my story, so now I'm gonna make you suffer. I'm going to make you watch as I destroy everything you hold dear, and when it's over, I'm going to keep you alive, to live alone with nothing but the fact that all of it was your fault."
Rowena was standing in the middle of the library, dressed in purple silk pajamas with red fuzzy slippers, her hair tossed up into a bun, clutching the Book of the Damned in one arm like a teddy bear with the other hand held out in front of her ready to strike. Castiel brought his hand down slowly to his side, releasing the pressure of his middle finger from his thumb. He was sick of people getting his hopes up only to have them dashed away again. If Rowena wasn't willing to help, he was determined to find someone who would, but the threat of her making sure Dean was lost forever was enough to give him pause.
Mary smiled and pulled him into a hug. “ Just go easy on him, Dean. You mean a lot to him. He just wants to help.” Dean nodded l, hugging her back. Then Mary pulled away and held him at arm's length. “Now, let's go have a nice family dinner, okay?”
