“Danvers? Some rumors about her chasing down Kree freighters a few solar systems from here, but the information might be old. Rhodes is going to ask the bartender about it.”
“Yep.” He grabbed a chair and sat across the table from her. ”We’ll be working security together, right?”
Steve resisted the urge to rip off the armrest of his seat. It was a valid question Strange had already asked a few hundred times. The answer hadn’t changed.
Rhodes saluted them and walked towards Strange and Bruce. In a clear show of how scientific their mission was going to be, they high-fived him.
He turned away from the window, turned his back on that bright neon New York and tried to sleep, tried to dream of a lost time.
Bruce got into bed again and turned his back to Steve. “Your job? Does Tony know you’re the team leader now? Because I’m sure he’d love to hear it.”
It wasn’t because it was fun. Not at all. Steve just ran after Tony because he was worried about his crew. That was it.
Tony said nothing, but he did throw a paper napkin at Clint’s head. When Clint dodged it, Tony pouted and Steve felt the need to wipe the pout off his mouth but refrained from doing so.
Time to stop moping. First, check with room service. Then, shower, so Steve wouldn’t realize what had happened. After a quick call to reception — yes, it’d be done in fifteen minutes, but did he really want all that food? —, he slammed the laptop closed and set it down on the bed.
cold and so was the bed cover, so he shivered when he laid back on the bed. He kicked his clothes off the bed and Steve whimpered when they hit the floor. Tony didn’t pay him any attention: he was busy covering his fingers with lube. Tony had seen Steve’s cock before and he’d need all the help he could get. Once his hands were messy enough, he raised his hips and slid one finger in.
Her eyes crinkled when she laughed. She looked younger when she did — or rather, she looked like her actual age. “Like crewmen in a spaceship.”
Tony laughed. “I know. But don’t you understand? When we get there, we’re… we’re going to see aliens. Real alive aliens.”
“The kid told there’s gonna be one tomorrow. Games of chance, music, dancing, food. Thought it’d be interesting.”
Tony didn’t answer, because he never did and because their way was blocked by a gray boulder three times the size of a car. Steve could see the edges of a trapdoor under it.
Steve stopped. That was a weird question. Had this happened? Did the other man remember? “Well, it’s his project. Of course he’s coming. I haven’t met the rest of the crew yet, but I’m sure they’re all...”
They jumped across rooftops until they got to the docks. It was nearly unrecognizable: the streets were dark and the door to the docks was no more. All that remained of it were twisted pieces of charred metal that the Skrull security guards were using as a barricade. A mountain of dead Kree laid before them. How many times had Steve seen the same scene?  His past and his future were the same newsreel, stuck in an eternal loop.
“You can keep your room however you see fit, but whatever is growing in your lab doesn’t look sanitary.”
Steve didn’t wait a second before digging his fingers into Tony’s flesh. He arched his back and then warmth spread inside of Tony. Steve let his hands fall to the side of his body. Everything about him said ‘post-coital bliss’: the ‘I just had sex’ smile, the lazy sprawl of his limbs, the way he kept playing with Tony’s tie still around his neck, the soft look in his eyes.
Tony put a hand on Steve’s chest and Steve wondered if he could feel how fast his heart was beating. “I… go back to your bed, okay?” Tony said and pushed him away. He cocooned himself into his blanket again and Steve walked, half-dazed, to his bed.
“It’s fun and you all love them. My turn. Bruce clogs the shower drain with his ridiculous amount of hair and never takes care of it.”
He decided he would take the top bed. It was easier for him to climb and he didn’t like tight spaces anymore. He hoped whoever was his roommate wouldn’t mind. Once he had made that decision, he took out a week’s worth of clothes from his suitcase — clothes he had bought to leave in storage, because a lot of the weight allotted to him was taken up by the shield — and neatly laid them in his locker in a few minutes. He wondered if he’d ever stop packing and unpacking like a soldier.
Steve could catch up to her. The only problem was that if he did, Tony would be too far behind. And… he looked over his shoulder. Tony was already 50 yards behind him.
“On people’s heads?” Steve asked before Bruce could unleash whatever torrent of expletives his expression promised.
“That can’t be," he muttered under his breath. He put the chair on the floor and leaned his weight on it.
“I can’t believe it either,” Steve said with a smile. He sat next to Tony and waited for Tony to kick him out. But Tony didn’t — he kept staring out the window, his eyes focused somewhere far away.
The entire street shook and his ears began ringing. Then there was silence and the smell of burnt flesh. He opened his eyes. An explosion and a big one by the looks of it: debris, smoke, and the scattered remains of the Kree soldiers covered the street.
“To establish contact with alien civilizations and acquire as many star charts as we can to explore further at a later date.”
The door swung open and three people came out. Steve stepped aside and before the door closed, he stepped inside. The shop was empty save for a hulking guard and a metal door. He heard the music even before he pushed the door open: loud, rickety, almost unrecognizable. He went down a flight of stairs, smelling cigars, alcohol, vomit, and sex. His face flushed red but he pushed through his embarrassment. He had a job to do.
Steve nodded. “I wouldn’t want to bother Tony and I think he’s a night owl, so it’s better if I avoid the early shift. So… that’s settled.”
Steve didn’t want to wait, but it was all he could do on Earth. That’s why he had to leave, so he could stop waiting.
There was no doubt about who should be the first person to know he had gotten the job, so there was no doubt about his first stop of the day. When he got to the gym, Fury was already there, sitting in one of the benches. Steve sat down next to him and took a deep breath, trying to steady himself, but before Steve could speak, Fury did.
His next chance came during one of the team dinner nights. Steve always insisted on those: they were good for morale and team cohesion, which would obviously result in better battle outcomes. Clint just thought Steve didn’t like to eat alone, but he wasn’t complaining. The team dinners were always tasty and delicious. That night wasn’t an exception: the mouth-watering smell of a hearty stew filled the kitchen. Steve was in charge and Tony was with him in the kitchen, making a nuisance of himself. Of course, Steve wasn’t kicking him out.
“Oh, you’re one of the space crazies,” Strange said instead of hello, after Steve finally mustered the courage to knock on his door. It had taken him a while — he had never liked doctors that much.
“I should’ve been better. I forgot everywhere can be dangerous. Peace doesn’t… I thought I had left all of that behind.”
When the guy fucking him slapped his ass — the thudding sound echoed across the room and Tony’s mouth went dry —, Steve curled his feet and arched his back and then he was coming. His strangled moan that went straight to Tony’s dick. Where was his self-control? He closed his eyes and began muttering the elements of the periodic table under his breath.
When the man spoke, the blinds opened and he saw the New York skyline, peppered with unfamiliar, taller, gravity-defying buildings he had never seen standing right next to achingly familiar sights.
While they handled the baggage, Tony, Rhodes, and Bruce started to prepare the ship. It wouldn’t be long before they left — so Steve had very little time to convince somebody to stop the take-off. It was the best for the crew and Steve had to protect them from their own recklessness. Tony was a dead-end and too hell-bent on the journey, so it would have to be somebody reasonable and with influence over Tony. There was only one possible answer.
“Thanks,” he said and sat down at the kitchen table. He wanted one last peaceful breakfast, lingering under the sun that sneaked in through the kitchen door and enjoying how air tasted on Earth. He didn’t talk and Rhodes and Natasha didn’t mind it, lost in their own thoughts and memories. He sipped his coffee — Rhodes had gotten it exactly right — and he watched the rest of the crew get into the kitchen in waves. The Bartons were next — Clint only had coffee, but Laura had a full breakfast full with scrambled eggs and pancakes — and then Bruce. He was the only one that looked relaxed, but to be fair, that could be just sleepiness.
startled them into breaking formation. They scrambled away from him, and Steve pressed his advantage because that was all he had. Muscular memory took over then: this was nothing he hadn’t done a hundred times before.
“Stevens, don’t stand there!” Tony said, pointing at a passage so thin he had to get into it sideways. Right. They were sitting ducks, out in the open like that. Steve followed. On the other side of the passage, there was a side alley, one of the many dark twists in the tangled web that was the station.
"Exactly. In my hand. The Peggy you marry… she's the Peggy in my past. I know it's confusing, I don't quite understand it myself, but…"
Steve rolled his eyes at the same time Tony did. The only upside of Strange’s usual mood was that Tony found needling him for no real reason fun. Strange didn’t rise to the bait, but it was fun to see Tony try. His eyes would sparkle with a playful glint and his grins were contagious. Tony’s presence was always electrifying, magnetic, even when he was being kind of a dick. Maybe especially when he was being kind of a dick.
“You’re supposed to wait until I’ve said you can speak when you raise your hand, but let’s pretend you did. What’s your suggestion?”
He moved aside and the three of them walked into the ship in silence. Everything looked the same, as if nothing had happened. The crew huddled in the cockpit, ready for take-off.
Steve, meanwhile, had been staring at his civilian clothes, neatly laid out on his bed, for the past fifteen minutes. On Earth, he hadn’t had enough time to understand the new trends and on the ship he just wore his uniform, so it hadn’t been an issue. And now… Now he hoped his leather jacket looked good but he didn’t know what to do about the rest of it. Jeans? He thought they fit him well Snugly. But they also felt too informal. What about his shirt? Was his uniform T-shirt okay or should he wear a nicer shirt?
When he opened his eyes again, he was alone in bed. Perhaps the previous night had just been a wet dream but Tony’s ass was sore, there were bruises on his hips and Steve’s bed hadn’t been slept in. It had happened and Steve wasn’t gone, because he could hear the shower. What was Tony supposed to do? The shower was big enough for two…
Did Tony expect to die out there or was it normal partying? Would that cause problems, once they were out there? He bit back his questions because it wasn’t his place to ask them. He had to trust Tony was up for the task of leading them — or he would have to step up himself.
“At some point, I realized I’d always be paying a debt to him. Not just for… I was tied to what he told me I’d be. And everybody believed him. When Captain America tells you who you’re going to be, you listen. I wanted to live my own life. I’m… not the only one on this ship doing that, I think. Running away from that.”
“Where are we going after this?” Strange asked after pouring himself some coffee. There was a hint of interest breaking through the carefully indolent facade.
Steve smiled back, feeling just a teensy bit smug. “Come on, let’s catch up with the rest,” he said.
“Hi, Steve,” she said with a voice that was wearier than he remembered. “You haven’t changed one bit.”
But they wouldn't, not really. They'd hug him the way you'd hug a distant relative you have forgotten and then go talk to the other man. The man that had visited them for years. Who had shared their joys and their tears, who had been at their weddings and had helped move out after a divorce. He wasn’t that man.
He shook his head. It wouldn’t do to walk down avenues of useless hypothetical scenarios, not when he could be having breakfast instead.
He smiled, embarrassed. She still believed in him so much, after such a long time. It was… he didn’t know how to feel, because he didn’t believe in himself anymore.
“No, I’m not, Tony! But you cannot know if it’s true. We fucked up and telling embarrassing stuff won’t fix that.”
Tony closed the bathroom door before he could hear the rest. His shower was a short one: the faster he and Steve were done sharing close quarters, the better. Steve seemed to agree because when Tony got out of the bathroom, he was already packing his suitcase, with precision and speed and perfectly folded clothes.
He… he had to admit it was true. He didn’t know why, but Tony had a way of making him lose his composure. Maybe it was his confidence or maybe it was how sensitive he could be under all the bluster, but Steve was constantly hurting him. He made Steve lose control — he wanted to… he didn’t know what he wanted to do, but it involved his hands and Tony’s throat and… things he didn’t want to think about.
Tony turned around. Why focus on distant suns when he could focus on a man shining so close? “Come on, Stevens! Don’t fall behind! We’re almost there!”
He couldn’t take his eyes off Steve naked in the middle of the room. Oh, watching him undress had been… not the same as watching him take off the suit after a mission. Each inch of skin revealed had been… he had had to still his hands and force himself not to touch anything. He had promised Steve he wouldn’t touch him — too vehemently, maybe, but he didn’t want Steve to realize… anything; it would make things even more awkward. The only ones touching him would be the half dozen guys Tony had handpicked following Steve’s strict instructions: tall, dark hair, dark eyes, big dick. He had vetted their backgrounds so Steve didn’t end up fucking Crossbones or worse and then made them sign about fifteen airtight NDAs each.
He heard footsteps — familiar ones, subtle ones. Nat. When she knelt beside him the water splashed all around them, but Steve didn’t stop digging.
Steve hunched over, but he kept his eyes open and his mouth shut. Oh, he had to take pity on the poor man, so he undid his tie and spread his legs.
Tony stared at it and knew that this was it. He could walk away from whatever this was. Go back to be friends who didn’t fuck. Every now and then, Tony would make a mistake and they’d fight and then they’d be back together again because Tony didn’t know how to stay away from Steve. He could be a reasonable person, for once.
“He’s not,” a woman said, pushing the man away from the door. She had long dark hair that spilled over an army jacket that made her look even younger than she was. Pepper was with her. “Hi, Stevens, right? I’m Laura Barton.”
The world had changed too much and he had changed too little, but at least it meant that when he bought coffee, the ‘barista’ treated him like a normal person. With strangers, he felt as if he was made of flesh and bone instead of promises and memories. He didn’t want to be… near his past, constantly reminded of what he had missed, but as long as they were there, he’d be tempted.
Steve stared at them. “This is not… this is not… this is not a proper security procedure. We can’t… we need to…”
There was only one guard posted outside. Rhodes, wielding a Kree weapon and sporting a nasty cut on his temple. It was the only wound Steve could see, but it also meant they had run across trouble on the way to the docks.
They didn’t seem that convinced, but they hid it better than Tony, who set his mug on the counter with a dramatic, over-acted sigh that wouldn’t have been out of place in a silent movie. “So… I’m with you, Grant? Are you going to babysit me?”
It worried him a bit, because it could become very annoying very quickly, but Steve could hear everybody unpacking in their rooms. There weren’t that many words, but there were plenty of whispers, laughter coming from the Bartons’ room and a few quiet curses from Strange’s. Tony had barely unpacked —
He had nothing to do for the rest of the ‘day’ — could it be called a day? — so he had time to spare. He didn’t want to start going through the library books, so he grabbed a few of his art supplies. He eyed the desk on the other side of the room — he was pretty sure Tony was going to be annoyed if he put his things over there, so that’s what he did. He set his things up exactly the way he liked them and then he picked a new sketchbook to use.
“Jury’s still out on that one.” Howard sighed. “Take care of him, will you? He’s a reckless idiot, but he’s a good kid.”
caught his eyes. It seemed like some sort of… science fiction club, but the Stark connection was intriguing. After wandering enough, he went back to his apartment. He grabbed his phone and for the first time, he called Peggy. She had given him a phone number and she was the only one he trusted.
She nodded and pointed to a pipe that led up to a rooftop. She went first, climbing it with all the surefooted nimbleness of a stray cat. Steve followed and he knew he wasn’t as graceful, but he was still fast.
The conversation drifted into the familiar patterns of bartering and that’s when Tony let go of Steve’s hand and wandered down another lane. Steve closed his fist — had it been so long since somebody had taken his hand? It was the only explanation for the sinking feeling in his gut. Clint waved at him.
Its small fingers were pointing at Steve’s hands, so Steve showed the kid the sketch he was working on — the frazzled creature trembling from… stem to fin, Tony laughing in the background.
Steve didn’t know whether this was a negotiation tactic or if Tony really meant it, but nevertheless, he wasn’t okay with it. Tony had never known this type of desperation, he was sure of it, but Steve had. He put his hand on Tony’s shoulder and squeezed. Tony elbowed him but Steve didn’t take his arm off.
Clint nodded and went after him while Rhodey went to the armory. They were all thinking the same — Skrulls. Two minutes later — Steve had counted the seconds —, he burst back into the room. “I lost him.”
Nobody could argue with that, but Tony tried. “We don’t need a doctor, we have robots, and anyway, there isn’t enough food.”
Steve’s blush said it all and Tony was already planning everything in his mind. Every restraint, every fucking machine, every whip, and every way in which he’d make Steve beg for more. But it wasn’t the time nor the place.
“Look, we can negotiate. I’m sure we have something you want, even if we don’t have credits. We just arrived at this… part of the galaxy.”
By the time Tony entered the room, Steve had put down his sketchbook on the desk and was busy re-folding his clothes. He didn’t want them to be wrinkly.
In fact, it didn’t take Steve and Tony one day before they began breaking the rules. The same morning the memo had been sent, there had been a robbery spree in Queens. Nothing major, just a bunch of pizza/music themed villains: Lead Pizzelin and his Pizza Posse. Clint had to give them points for the pun. Anyway, they had saved the day, the bad guys were under arrest and now the Avengers were wolfing down a mountain of pizzas, courtesy of the pizza parlor that had almost gotten robbed. The only one of them that was truly tired was Tony. Mozzartarella had covered his armor with cheese. It had taken him ages to clean it out and now he was falling asleep at the table.
He drew alien cities that came out looking like the New York he remembered and alien princesses with the dark eyes of Peggy Carter. His past kept invading the future, like a miasma, so it was good he had to leave the apartment and his memories behind to go meet the boss. The office was the same but this time, instead of Hill, there was a very young man behind the desk. He was sprawled on a big office chair that hadn’t been there the last time. Steve felt a bit of pity about the kid's sad attempt at facial hair.
“Because you’re going to get lost or killed or worse without your bodyguard. And well,” Steve went on before Tony could call him a dick. “I thought that if I followed you, I’d have more chances of finding something interesting.”
“We’re not finished here,” Tony muttered to Steve before following the rest of the crew toward the rooms.
So the explosion had been Tony’s work. He couldn’t help it — unearned pride filled his chest. He had known Tony was smart but to do so well under pressure… Even in the middle of battle, Steve found reasons to marvel at Tony’s genius. And even in the middle of disaster, Tony found ways of surprising him.
Natasha and Rhodes were already running across the field before Steve had even finished counting. Well, he did say no rules applied and it was good to know that neither of them would turn down a fighting advantage. He felt a little bit sorry for the bloodbath that ensued when they reached the SHIELD agents who didn’t know how to handle the flurry of kicks and punches that descended upon them. He watched them fight almost with pleasure. They were good. Natasha had the swift grace of a ballerina and the sharp edge of a knife. Rhodes complemented her perfectly, with his harsh strong punches and his quick reflexes.
Tony squinted at him over his shoulder. “I… I guess somebody has to stay and protect the ship. Yes. That. And it should be somebody who can pilot the ship out of danger, just in case.”
“Probably useless. So yeah, you can keep it and I clean our room anyway so you know... Hold my jacket,” Steve said, as he took it off.
Everybody fell silent at once. Tony frowned at Steve and Steve shrugged. It wasn’t his fault if his voice was louder than Tony’s. “Yeah. Like… Sarge over there said, who I must remind you is my employee and not in a leadership position, we have things to discuss, like our launch plans and the chart we’re following and our goal for this mission.”
A normal morning at the Tower: videogames with the Hulk and Thor, with Nat providing colorful commentary and tactical tips for whoever was losing. Very peaceful and relaxing, so Clint knew that sooner or later, something would go wrong. That was life as an Avenger, after all.
He didn’t look back before jumping down to the streets. Rain fell on him, washing away the last of his shame. Even if the storm raged on across the city, Tony was waiting for him.
‘Is it enough? You look really hungry,’ Tony said instead of asking whether Steve always got that hungry after sex.
Steve ignored him. This wasn’t the first time Tony had been needlessly sarcastic early in the morning. “But we’ll make do with the backyard. I’ll arrange us in teams of two for this exercise.”
‘I’ll go shower and then we can hit the expo. I’ve got you an image inducer, so nobody’s gonna realize it’s you.’
“Fine. Stop it, you two,” Tony said. “Bruce, no more playing god. Strange, next time you want to kill something, ask me first.”
Clint set down his controller and put his feet up on the coffee table, wiggling his toes. Tony’s eyebrow twitched, but he said nothing.
Steve whined again. Thank the Heavens for the Serum: Steve was hard again, so Tony put his arm around Steve’s waist and brought him closer. He put his hand around both their cocks and he lost himself in the sensation of their dicks pressed against each other.
They went through the docks under the vigilant eyes of the guards. Steve still couldn’t trust them — how could you trust somebody who could copy your face and slot into your life seamlessly? But at least their ship was right where they had parked it. It was unique amongst the ships on the dock. It was theirs. It was
They both nodded. It was ridiculous, hearing them talk about fraternization when their knees were touching and Tony’s arm was thrown behind Steve’s shoulders, almost touching him but not quite. Could it be possible that…? No. They couldn’t be that stupid?
Damn. He had given orders again and the worst part is that people had followed them. He glanced at Tony, who was now standing next to him, but there was no anger there.
Tony leaned down and took the popsicle into his mouth. Steve pushed it in and then slid it out. Clint wanted to cover his eyes, but his hands were full. Steve kept sliding it in and out, in and out…
“No, but you know how they work. Okay, okay, let’s just say something a Skrull cannot know but we all do,” Tony said. “I’ll go first — Rhodey’s password is rhodeyroxx.”
Instead, he went back to one of his history books. He wasn’t going to take them with him — too suspicious — so he had little time to fix the gaps in his knowledge. When dawn broke, he showered and left the apartment for his farewell tour.
The silk pajamas were cold to the touch but beneath the soft fabric, Batroc’s cock was pure heat. When Steve closed his eyes, the sharp scent of pre-come and sweat made it very clear this was real. This was happening.
The next morning, he walked to the gym after breakfast. He needed to get his blood flowing, to remind himself he was not dead. He was out of the ice now. That wouldn’t change. When he arrived at the gym, Fury was already there and there was a SHIELD file on the bench. He knew better than to pretend he didn’t care, so after putting his things in the locker, he walked to the bench and opened it.
“I thought I had left everything there, but I hadn’t, not really. It’s still here. The pressure to live up to expectations. My past. My shining future.”
“They have him. The Kree,” Steve said. No need to drag it out: Rhodes would hate him anyway. “A squad caught up to us. There was an explosion and… we got separated.”
“Clint has a secret penchant for interior decorating,” Bruce said and didn’t even bother apologizing for the hair thing. That was the real Bruce, then. A Skrull would have tried to be polite.
are working for me, let me introduce you to the wondrous Pepper Potts, greatest assistant in the world and over here, the magnificent Happy Hogan, driver and bodyguard extraordinaire.”
“Didn’t you hear? We need credits!” Tony said with a grin and began walking again with a decisive step. Steve hurried after him. He had to catch up — Tony always made him feel as if Steve was still in the past and Tony was already three steps ahead. Where everybody else saw the fog of uncertainty, Tony saw the future unfurl.
Steve narrowed his eyes. This was usually the point when people backed down from arguing with Captain America — even if… he wasn’t Captain America, not anymore — but Tony wasn’t cowed. He stared back. Defiantly. Nobody else was talking.
“Not a Skrull. Human. I could leave but, I couldn’t fail to notice that some of the storage areas lack gravity,” Tony said.
He hated that. His life wasn’t his, it was somebody’s else. He was tied to the tracks, waiting for life to hit him, with no choices he could actually make left.
The man sat on the bed and smiled at him. It was the first time the other man’s smile looked genuine, instead of like some desperate attempt to placate Steve.
Steve’s attention was intoxicating — and that wasn’t an adjective Tony used lightly. This… their gazes connected, his body opening up to Steve, Steve’s cock sliding in and out of him, Steve’s heart racing under his hand, the small quiet sounds coming from Steve’s throat, his chest tightening with need, the burn on his thighs, everything, wasn’t something Tony would be able to give up. And he knew his luck. He’d be forced to.
“I never doubted that,” Steve replied with a grin. He didn’t stop grinning during the entire ride home.
Peggy's perfume hanged in the air for hours after she left, like a ghost. That was what he was, he thought, watching New York skyline lit up at night. A ghost who had no place there, because somebody else was already there, taking up all the space. What could he do other than wait for his life to happen? The man had said he couldn’t travel back, not yet, but what was he supposed to do instead? Go back to war? There was some war raging somewhere, probably. Meet people? Was he allowed to? Did people know who the other man was?
Which was perfectly fine, but then he began leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder. Okay. That was… well, it could be a friendly gesture.
So he had given up on it. At least he had been given a reprieve because Tony had left on a business trip for two weeks. Clint hadn’t even needed to be told to figure it out: Steve was sulking and everybody knew why he sulked. He had spent all morning training alone and now he was silently eating his instant ramen. He was so sulky he hadn’t wanted to cook.
Then, he heard two raised, angry voices getting closer and froze — one was Tony’s, the other one was unfamiliar to Steve. It was loud, but Steve was the only one who could understand what was being said because everybody else was still inside the kitchen. If they heard anything at all, they would feel uncomfortable, but not as much as Steve and his super-hearing would.
Nat opened one eye, pouted, and covered her head with the blanket. The rest of the crew shambled into the kitchen one by one.
“Maybe you can take up a hobby. I saw a book on magic in the library. Why don’t you try it? You have the facial hair of a children’s magician anyway.”
“You’re chairman of the Avengers, you can’t walk away from this!” she screams. She is very emotional. They all are. This means it cannot stay. Its programming lacks finesse and the necessary information. There are no files about the social dynamics of the Avengers, at least not ones it can find.
“There’s not much else to see,” Tony said and pointed at a trapdoor on the floor. “That leads to the engine room and my workshop.”
Even Steve found himself laughing at Natasha’s comment. Well, at least everybody was aware of the risk. They dug in into their dinners. Hunger, Steve thought, was the best seasoning. Or maybe it was having dinner with a rowdy group of people, with starlight coming through the skylight and the entire universe above their heads.
There was no reason to pay them any further attention. Steve was the priority. He crossed the room with a few strides and fell to his knees next to Steve. When he did, Steve looked up at him, hazily. At least he didn’t look upset. With all the tenderness he kept hidden, Tony unhooked the spider gag and cleaned Steve’s red cheeks with his t-shirt.
“Tomorrow. There will be games and music and food! I can be your guide but you’ll have to pay me with one of your drawings.”
The next day, a black car was waiting for him outside his house, at the crack of dawn. The man driving it said nothing during the drive, so Steve was devoid of distractions. He tried to keep his mind blank, to avoid building up expectations but he couldn’t help but imagine where he was going. Maybe some white building that defied gravity, covered in glass. Maybe a large complex full of people, rolling out on the grass. But whatever his expectations were, they were dashed when after an hour or two of driving, they stopped in front of a dilapidated hangar in the middle of nowhere. The only other building was a small concrete box next to it.
His eyes widened but he didn’t get to protest: Stark’s lips were on his and then everything was confusion. He closed his eyes and then opened them and then closed them again. Stark’s chest was pressed against his and  Stark was pushing one knee between Steve’s legs. His hands were deftly opening his shirt. When Stark’s cold fingers ghosted over Steve’s nipples, Steve realized what he was doing: searching for the files. He put his arms around Stark’s shoulders and cut the kiss short. Instead, he nuzzled him. Stark’s neck smelled as musky as he had always imagined.
Nat, always fearless, was the first one to cross the threshold. She grabbed Bruce by the arm of his oversized sweater and stepped into the crowd. It swallowed them and Steve lost sight of them soon. Strange, instead of moving forward, bent over a small succulent plant on sale at one of the stalls.
“Because… because I’m the boss and it’s time I begin acting like it.” Tony let that sink in for a second. “Now, today’s special, so we’re all going this time. The security system is…”
It seemed as the other man had never thought about that. “Yes. That’s… I’ve made my peace with that. I like to think about the happiness I got in exchange was worth it.”
‘I… I think they are,’ Thor said, as astonished as the rest of them. ‘Do you mean to tell me that on Earth, it is not allowed for warriors to enjoy each other’s bodies to the fullest?’
There was a sizzling sound and then the generator’s humming flooded the vault, way louder now. Steve looked over his shoulder: Tony was staring at his work, with his hands on his hips and sweating all over. Everything was brighter now and the filters were working better because Steve was already smelling the difference.
“Hey, Grant. Coffee’s ready,” Rhodes said when Steve entered the kitchen. He was leaning against the counter, drinking his coffee and playing with a bagel. Natasha was sitting down at the table and staring at her granola as if it held all the answers in the universe. Neither of them looked well-rested. They were dark circles under their eyes and they hadn’t showered yet. Steve hadn’t been the only one walking down Avenue What If that morning.
"This isn't a social visit," he said. He didn't know much about the future, but he knew himself, and no matter how settled the man tried to look, there was a hint of nervousness in the way his shoulders were pinched.
And now he was there, in the middle of a cabaret in Berlin. His hand curled around a glass of whiskey and his body shook with laughter. Everybody’s eyes were on him. How could Steve look away? A girl next to him patted him on the back. ‘You shouldn’t stare,’ she said, with a short bob of curly red hair and a face so pretty cheap make-up and exhaustion couldn’t dim it.
, he thought. He hadn’t had time to change, time to become the man leaning against the door, with his sad eyes and gray temples. He took a step forward, but she flinched a bit and couldn't hide it quick enough.
‘Oh, you go fast. You are not letting me seduce you as you deserve,’ Batroc whispered. ‘I’d go so slow like only the French can.’
As they ran through the sewers, at first all he could hear was Tony’s labored breathing and the sound of their feet hitting the water. Every time it splashed around them, the acrid stench bored deeper into Steve’s nostrils. It made his stomach turn, but they had no other choice.
Steve crossed his arms, but Tony didn’t let go of his arm. “It’s not insubordination. It’s my job. We’re leaving for at least six months and we need to know each other’s strengths and weaknesses. We can’t just fly around there half-cocked, it’ll get you all killed.”
After an hour or two of fretting, the car entered the facility. There was more activity now — trucks coming and going, cars parked in the driveway, a small cadre of mechanics and engineers opening crates and screaming at each other. It reminded Steve of Camp Lehigh.
Nope. He couldn’t say that, not with the terrifying possibility of Steve taking him up on his offer. Was he still… dirty? Did Steve smell like Batroc now? No. He wouldn’t think about that. ‘… call reception and ask them for an ETA on room service?’
“He’s recruiting smart, driven people with a wide range of abilities. People that… people that can leave the world behind,” Fury said.
Steve would have to ask for whatever information had come up on Clint’s background check. There was something there that bothered him but he didn’t think Clint was going to tell him. Maybe he could ask Natasha about it, but she was running after Fury. By the time she was done, Fury was already climbing into a Jeep.
The dark haired boy wasn’t the only child Steve wondered about. Neither Peggy nor the other man had mentioned any children but still… did he have a family now, a family he couldn't see? Grown children? Maybe even some grandchildren? It ached, the doubt gnawing his insides. What was he supposed to do? Wait until the machine was ready, until people figured out how to time travel? Freeze his life? Why hadn't they left him in the ice instead of making him go through this simulacrum of a life?
She bit the inside of her cheek but didn’t press her father. From the looks of it, Hank Pym was stubborn enough nobody argued too much with him.
Clint sighed, but it was the sigh of somebody who had lived on his own and was dreading what he knew necessary. Natasha was another thing entirely. She pouted and crossed her arms. With the slightly too large uniform, she looked like a kid. “Chores? Really? We’re in space!”
He stepped back into the kitchen, tried to not listen, but he still did. The serum sometimes was more trouble than it was worth.
At least children were the same everywhere: inquisitive and reckless. Fearless and scared, all at the same time.
Steve’s fingers were so clumsy each button took him about a minute. He had the worst case of sex brain Tony had ever seen.
And what would they say, if they knew who Steve truly was? Because he didn’t know for how long he could keep up with this lie. He had thought he could stop being himself, that space would give him the chance to shed his duty and become somebody else. A freer person. A happier person. But the past always caught up with him, because he carried it with him. He carried his mother’s laugh and the steel behind her gentleness. Peggy’s warm kisses and her unflinching view of what her duty was. Bucky’s kind smirks and his readiness for sacrifice. Howard’s turning sour under the burden he had chosen to carry. Everything he was was intertwined with who they had been. Forgetting himself would mean forgetting them and he couldn’t do that.
“In theory, we’ll understand everything they say and they’ll understand us in return. Be respectful. Don’t touch anything. Don’t touch
Batroc’s cock was thicker than Steve had expected. A patch of dark curly hair went up to Batroc’s navel. His abdomen was pure firm muscle and the skin shined with sweat. Madripoor was always hot that time of the year… was he really thinking about the weather?
“Is any of you a carpenter? Because now we’re down one chair and it hasn’t even been a month,” he said.
He cut across the crowd and it wasn’t until he crashed into Tony Stark — sorry, Byron Ironsides — that he realized that he didn’t know what to do. There was no need to worry, though, because Stark smiled at him and put his hand around on his shoulder.
He wanted to say something smart, something charming or funny, but his mind was blank. “Come on, let’s go get ready,” he said instead.
He had wanted to be an artist, once upon a time in a different world, but now it was something that belonged to him, that he could do on his own time. Not a duty, not a job, just a hobby.
Steve joined him in laughter and for a second, they were kids again, with a firm hope for a better future instead of moldy regrets from the past. “Maybe. Maybe we won’t even take-off and we will explode in mid-air.”
Howard was sitting on his big glass desk, talking on the phone when Steve got in. “Sorry, Ambassador, I’ve got to…” Howard said and hung up on whoever that was. Beyond Howard’s desk, Steve could see the city flourishing with new buildings, taller and taller, closer to the sky. A modern Babel lost in its own cacophony.
After the conversation, he couldn’t stay in the empty apartment. Nothing there was his. He walked around the city, letting his feet take him wherever they wanted and seeing how much it had changed. How much people had changed too — not just the clothes or the technology, but the way they walked, the words they used. Nobody recognized him. The beard and the haircut were a good enough disguise and since his other self had grown old in the eyes of the public, people barely remembered his face as a young man, his original sacrifice or his original war.
By the third time he had run around the hangar, Steve had almost stopped thinking about Tony and was already thirsty, so he stopped. Normal people would be tired by then, so he made a show of panting and whining when he entered the kitchen. The only people there were Laura and Clint, but clothes covered every available surface in the kitchen. There were some spare uniforms on the gray counters, faded T-shirts on the chairs, flannel shirts on the table and several pairs of jeans hanging from the fridge.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Fine, then Sarge here will move into my room.” They all stared at him. Steve shared their surprise. “What? It’s larger. And I don’t snore.”
Tony smiled awkwardly, held up his hands and didn’t fight back. That was surprising. Either he respected Pym or Pym was proud enough that Tony’s brand of sarcasm could endanger the funding, even as close to the wire as they were now. Pym and Tony shook hands and then Pym’s unsparing eyes focused on the crew now. He looked up and down each of them, with the unimpressed air of a drill sergeant.
Captain America seizes the chance and pushes the armor against the wall. He then leaps across the warehouse and kneels next to the prisoner.
He was already awake the next day, an hour after dawn, when the other man came into his room with his breakfast. He was almost glad — he was very hungry and at least the other man knew what he liked. The man silently put the breakfast tray on the nightstand and Steve grabbed the cup of coffee and sipped on it. It was rich and fragrant, the kind of coffee he had never tasted before. While he drank it, he looked up and stared at the man.
The other man — broad shoulders, impressive arms, the overconfident air Steve associated with pilots — remained close to the door and to Steve.
Steve lost count of how many songs the band played. Yet they kept kissing and nuzzling and touching. His entire body burned and he was pretty sure Stark had noticed how hard Steve was, but he didn’t want to stop.
Something that teetered between joy and bewilderment exploded inside Steve's chest, but then he was also full of suspicion. Was this a way to keep him under control? To give him everything he had ever wanted? A promise of a life with Peggy, his best friend back and a hard-won peace?
The man shrugged. It was an admission of guilt. He tried to picture himself, carrying himself like his man did — moving in the careful way somebody used to the shadows moved, and talking with an all-encompassing air of loss.
Each ‘wing’ of the plane housed two small rooms and a slightly larger one. Picking the rooms was a quick affair — the Bartons took one of the big ones and Tony took the other, citing ‘boss privilege’. Steve picked the one in front of Tony’s rooms. His hearing was too good and he didn’t want to risk hearing the Bartons’… private activities. He had always been very easy to fluster.
Steve scrambled to the bed, tripping over the chair and falling on top of Tony. Tony laughed. It had been a while since he had laughed that much during sex. ‘Somebody’s eager.’
After a few days lost in a haze of training, packing and late dinners, Steve was hit with the reality that it was finally
Its prisoner is where it left it. The restraints were enough, despite the prisoner’s ability to escape from captivity.
Even if he was still a kid, did he have to sound so… petulant? Steve drew in a deep breath. He had to be the bigger person.
Steve jogged to the group, just in time. They turned right and walked into the market, expecting bustle and stalls and yelling, but everything was silence and trampled flowers on the ground. The vendors were packing up their stalls and squirming through alleys. Carnies were climbing up the walls towards the rooftops. Adults were grabbing children and going down to the sewers.
The hallway was deserted, which did nothing to calm down his nerves. Why weren’t there any other candidates? Why was the whole place so beige and who had thought wood paneling was a good idea? And why was the bench so uncomfortable? Was it a test?
If she kept prodding, he’d make a mistake. The best defense was always a good offensive. “I never heard of you either.”
“It’s not a good idea,” Laura said. “A robot is more weight-efficient and consumes fewer resources, Nat.”
“Fine, Stevens. I won’t eat it. Now,” he said, and then he sat down on one the sofas. Steve sat next to him. “So, let’s report on our findings.”
“Look, we have no other way to prove we’re not Kree. And besides, would the Kree just show up here with one ship, unarmed, and hope you don’t notice?”
Stark leaned closer but before he could whisper something in his ear, somebody coughed loudly behind Steve. He flinched and moved away from Stark. This was just a distraction. Mind on the job, he had to keep his mind on the job. He looked over his shoulder: a tall blond man was sneering at them. Stark’s eyes narrowed and his smile became a thin taut line.
When he closed the crate, he looked around to check if he had forgotten anything. The apartment looked the same as before he had packed because he had barely taken anything from it. He wouldn’t miss it and he wouldn’t miss the things he left behind. He wouldn’t miss this deformed, gargantuan New York. He wouldn’t miss anything. Everything that was there, he had already lost.
Steve was absolutely certain Strange had never been part of the crew. This was farcical. There wasn’t even room on the… Wait. He remembered the
Tony’s line faltered, but Steve didn’t stop because Tony had said no stopping and because he was floating on the ache in his nipples and the soreness on his knees and the warmth of his hand surrounding his balls.
No. Rhodes was… well, Steve hadn’t that much dating experience, but even he could tell Rhodes was flirting with the tentacles tending bar. Bruce looked on, horrified but still sipping on some viscous blue liquid.
Steve knew he was blushing, but at least the rest of the crew was snickering. “Okay. Won’t do it again,” he said but he wasn’t sure if he was lying or not.
His thoughts were cut short when the engines roared and drowned all the other sounds in the cockpit. Then, a rainbow exploded in front of them. Steve squeezed Tony's hand and Tony laughed.
The past. All he had was a preordained past and no hope for the future. He could go to the stars. He had nothing left on Earth.
The rest of the crew stared at Steve. So maybe he had been rude, but he had a point! He had warned Bruce about wandering off and about how everybody needed to have a partner with them at all times. He had talked about Skrulls, about being prepared and they had never ever listened. He was more experienced while they… sometimes it pained Steve, how young they looked, how little they knew.
The more he heard, the scarier depending so much on one person got, especially when that person didn’t have any command experience. But no matter the risks, the lure of space, of exploring new worlds and having new adventures was too much to resist. He’d go with them and hope that Tony would be up to the task.
He nodded. Fury had said he’d know his contact when he saw him, and it was obvious now why. Steve had thought it’d be a more… quiet situation, not a packed speakeasy full of drunks and worse. Maybe there was a method to the madness. Or maybe Tony Stark just couldn’t do things the quiet way.
“She’s… fighting the Kree. Distracting them while we…” the kid began, but then it covered its mouth.
“We can’t tour it yet. The interior is not finished and I want it to be a surprise, but I thought you needed to see I’m serious about this.”
Turning left into a tight alley, they began walking towards the market. Steve fell back a little — he didn’t feel like talking. He looked at his crew walking through the tight alleys: Bruce and Tony had fallen back into their argument about the best Star Trek captain; Nat was pestering Strange about his facial hair (
Steve’s hands curled into fists and Tony braced himself for a punch or a shove, but it didn’t happen. So he tugged the towel down and saw Steve’s face underneath: the eyes closed, the lips parted and the skin flushed. Tony carded his fingers through Steve’s hair and scratched his scalp before jerking his head back and looking down at him.
"I was… hoping we could get our dance now," he said and regretted his words immediately. She had had that dance, hadn't she? With the man on the door, a long time ago. This wasn’t his time.
If Tony were a smart man, he’d kick Steve off the bed and they’d both fall asleep in beds too big and too cold. Whatever they were doing, it’d only lead to mutually assured destruction. He had to stop it, but… Steve was so relaxed, so quiet and vulnerable. Steve never allowed himself these moments. Tony couldn’t take that away from him. They could pretend this wasn’t a one night stand, so he turned his back on Steve, not knowing what to say.
It wasn’t an evil clown — and Clint knew his fair share of those — or a killer metaphorical fog. Not even a killer frog. It was just Steve and Tony. Clint raised his eyebrows. Even if they were freshly showered, nothing could hide the tell-tale signs of a sex marathon: hickeys, bruises, Tony’s smuggest grin, and Steve’s dumbest smile.
Fury was smart enough not to comment on that. Steve was grateful — he didn’t want his self-loathing to be intruded upon. It was something that belonged to him — a bitter anchor that reminded him he wasn't the other man, not yet.
He curled on himself and fixed his eyes on the paintings on the wall: a boat bobbing in the sea, a flower arrangement, something that looked like an old Japanese woodcut print. He counted his breaths and tried to will himself to sleep, but then Steve’s arms surrounded him and he didn’t know what to do, so he did nothing. He laid there, closed his eyes, and let sleep take him.
“Let’s just make this clear — I’m the boss here, okay? So I won’t tolerate any more of this… this insubordination.”
He hadn’t made a face. Not at all. He had just been upset at the idea of dissecting living things for no reason other than Strange’s boredom.
“For long enough for us to catch up with them. We can’t get ourselves killed. We have orders, remember?.”
When the car Howard had sent to pick him up showed up, he realized how rich Howard truly was. He had always known it, but it had never hit him, not during the war where all of them were equally likely to die and Howard was another overworked scientist and not a captain of industry.
Steve laughed, but deep down he worried they were actually that stupid. Maybe it would be better if they turned back and went home. This new universe was… were they prepared for it? For the battles and the problems and everything they couldn’t understand?
After Steve did as he was told — promptly, quickly, eagerly —, Tony climbed on top of him and Steve put his hands on his hips. That felt good. Would that leave bruises? Tony liked it when he could see the marks of having made… of having fucked somebody, but…
And now he all he wanted to do was kill one of them and wear his skin. How could he not? They were enjoying the fruits of all his hard work. Not just the… arranging, no. He had been hands-on: he had prepared Steve himself. Made him kneel on the cold wooden floor and chained his legs to the floor, so his ass would be displayed to everybody who entered the room. Then he had twisted Steve’s arms behind his back and put the restraints he had made just for the occasion on Steve’s thick wrists. Steve’s pulse had been racing and Tony had caressed his back and whispered reassuring promises to him. That had worked — Steve had sagged against the floor and spread his legs even wider.
It also gave them time to start missing things. Before missing the wind or new people or songbirds, Steve missed day and night. On the ship, ‘days’ were marked by light coming on and turning down at regular intervals, but Steve missed the familiar cues. Sunsets. The moon. The light of dawn caressing his face. It was hard for him to sleep without those cues, even with how exhausted he was sometimes, so he’d move around a lot in his sleep.
Then the phone had rung again and Steve had excused himself. He was relieved it had been a short conversation. That would give him a little time before he had to face the next conversation, a little time to gather himself and pretend he was calm. But of course, that was more than he was going to get because Peggy was waiting for him outside Howard’s office. It was to be expected — she had always kept him on his toes. The sun was bright outside and standing in sunshine, Peggy was as beautiful as a spring morning and as wistful as an autumn sunset.
“Bars are always good for intel,” Steve said, with a sage nod. That type of missions had been Bucky’s favorite, back during the war. Charming pretty waitresses and maybe even dancing a little had been something Steve had been more than glad to let Bucky do. Steve had preferred punching people instead.
A few hours later, the ship stood still in space. They were in a lull between jumps, waiting for the engines to cool down — the course the Skrull had given them was complicated,  full of evasive maneuvers and zigzags across the galaxy. A waste of fuel and time, but It had worked, so far: no Kree ships had followed them. They had only seen glimpses of the Skrull refugee fleet, so they were alone in the middle of space, surrounded by uncaring stars.
They all looked at each other. Natasha was the first to grin and the first to speak. “Let’s suit up, gentlemen. And Laura.”
“Could an interior decorator have done this?” Tony said with a smirk and pressed a button on the table.
He grinned and did a quick sketch of Pym with smoke coming out of his ears. Not his best work, but it made Nat laugh so much that Clint came over to see what the fuss was about.
“The sponges change shape,” Clint said. “Also the rings he uses are not the ones he gives to the patrons.”
They climbed the stairs towards the ship and then the door slid open with an almost silent sound. Steve was, even if it pained him, disappointed. The roofs were barely tall enough for him, but at least it wouldn’t bother anybody else in the crew. The floor was cold harsh metal and the walls were painted white in a fruitless attempt at disguising how tight the space was. The artificial dim glow of the lights didn’t help. It didn’t look… it didn’t look homey or that comfortable, but it would have to do. Steve had lived through worse.
Pretending they hadn’t noticed the way everybody else stared at them, they walked down the dock. Tony kept making comments about the ships Steve didn’t understand, but he nodded nevertheless, his eyes fixed on Tony’s hands moving in the air. They didn’t stop until they hit a tall, rusty door. A guard yelled something and the door began opening with a lot of creaks and protests.
SHIELD released him from the hospital room after a week or so and after he had threatened to run away if they didn't. They set up a small apartment in a part of New York he had never lived in and filled it with books about the future and music from his own era. They even gave him a gym membership. Peggy and Bucky had tried to visit again, but each shared anecdote, each joke led to another anecdote Steve didn't remember. They remembered a different man Steve hadn't become yet. He had lost so much time, skipped so many of their lives, and every second they spent together was a horrible reminder of what he had lost. So he gave them excuses, told them he had things to do and they were nice enough to pretend they believed him.
Steve looked aside and remained silent. Was this even happening? It had to be a dream. Stark kissed his neck and Steve relaxed. If it was a dream, he didn’t give a damn.
“Considering the science division is two people and one of them doubles as our entire engineering crew, I think Security is doing fine.”
Everybody else was hanging outside the ship — they had nothing to do but crackle with nervousness. Clint was showing off his aims throwing a rock at things, while Rhodes goaded him on. Laura and Strange were talking about medical supplies. From what Steve could hear, Strange was grudgingly impressed by how literally everything he could ask for was already accounted for.
Tony Stark was outside of the hangar, leaning against an expensive red car and wearing sunglasses and a perfectly tailored suit, a striking image of indolent wealth. Steve wondered if he was supposed to be impressed instead of annoyed by it. Tony wasn’t alone, but Steve hadn’t seen the two people flanking him before. One of them was a big guy wearing sunglasses with half the easy charm of Tony. A bodyguard, by the looks of it. The other one was a redhead holding a stack of paperwork and a lot of stress. A secretary, then, meant to herd her boss. Steve didn’t envy her job, not with a boss like Tony.
Tony was going to say something, but a slow clapping interrupted him: Rhodes and Natasha stood behind him with solemn expressions.
Steve wanted to move, but that’d only make the Kree shoot. Of course, he was nimble enough to avoid their fire, but Tony was a different matter. No. He’d have to stay put and wait for an opportunity to grab Tony. Worst case scenario, he could shield Tony with his own body.
There wasn’t anything he could reply to that, so he had no choice. Yes, he could leave, but he wouldn’t be able to deal with the guilt if something happened to the crew. He had experience in things beyond this world and the serum was an advantage no matter what he did. The crew would be better off if he went along. They needed him and nobody else did.
It has a hypothesis — Tony Stark’s thought patterns warp around Steve Rogers. It is an illogical hypothesis. It would be mean emotions can be carved into code. Accepting the answer requires a leap of faith.
"You shouldn't introduce yourself like that. It's suspicious, knowing there’s another one of you running around."
He tried to organize the information he had learned already. It was 1994. The other man had returned in the early 50s and he had been told this was SHIELD’s headquarters. SHIELD was apparently where the other man and Peggy worked to keep the world safe. The war was over — it had been over for almost fifty years. They had won. He had too many questions, but most of all he was lonely.
And wasn’t that swell. Just a kid from Brooklyn, exploring an unending universe filled with dreadful wonders.
Tony had forgotten how numbers and time worked, so he didn’t count. Steve had been quick enough Tony hadn’t grown impatient and now he was gloriously naked. The only thing between them was Tony’s shirt and Tony would fix that.
The bathroom door lit up in the darkness and an unctuous voice greeted him. ‘Bonsoir, mon capitain.’
When Clint put his arms around Laura’s waist, Steve left the room — he didn’t like to intrude. Besides, he had plans to make. They only had two more days, but if they woke up early enough and were smart about the use of time, they could get a lot of training done. First, some running so Steve could know their stamina, then some sparring so he could at least have an idea of what the weak points were. It’d be important information if he needed to devise a training plan for the trip. There was a good foundation. Some of them had raw talent there and others were highly trained already. Yes. It’d all go down smoothly.
“Oh, come on, bar brawl? In an alien bar? What are you waiting for?” Tony said and ran towards trouble like he always did.
“It’s a reconnaissance mission. It makes sense to keep a small crew,” Steve said. “Wouldn’t say no to another crew member, though.”
He followed the sound of her voice and saw her waving at them from inside the sewers. Oh, she was good. Better than he had expected — and his expectations had been high. He jumped in with no hesitation, but Tony didn’t follow.
There was no horrified expression, no half-hidden pity, just a curt nod. “Seems like a perfect match, then. I’d hire you today, but first, you have to pass our medical tests and… well, the boss has to meet you. He’s very particular.”
“So… here’s the armory,” Tony said. The sad corner with a few lockers and a very small desk didn't deserve that name. “It might look small, but it’s full of fun toys…” Tony said and took out a bow from one of the cupboards. “Including frighteningly low-tech toys, but with the Stark touch.”
To Steve, he didn’t look happy, but… the entire world didn’t look happy. The other man and the city and Howard looked weary, tired, dirty. Maybe it wasn't them — maybe it was Steve tainting everything.
“Fine. I’ll go apologize,” he said and stood up. “For what it’s worth, I like you just like you are. No need to live up to expectations with me.”
After dinner, he knew what he had to do. He waited until everybody else had left and went to the cockpit. Tony was curled in the pilot’s seat, doing the night shift instead of Rhodes. His blanket was a red-and-gold quilt that looked old but well-taken care of and his dark, deep brown eyes reflected the stars around them.
“He’s so bored I’m scared he’s gonna give us food poisoning just to have something to do,” Steve said.
He laid on his bed — not the worst bed he had ever slept on, not by a long shot — and put his hand against the wall. Outside of the cold metal hull, the entire universe thrummed and breathed. Exploding supernovas, asteroids swirling around black holes laid beyond their small fragile husk, floating alone in the middle of space… Big, shiny spaceships bursting with cargo traveled between planets crowded with colorful people. There were vast solar systems brimming with unknown kingdoms and surreal animals in shapes they couldn’t imagine. Dead starlight traveled across the cosmos until it reached Earth and everything they had left behind. He had to grin, even if the excitement burning his chest interfered with his duty. He couldn’t calm down, not now. There would be time for plans and competence, but for now, excitement would be enough.
As Steve relaxed his jaw and let Batroc push into his mouth, breathing got harder and harder. But he kept rubbing the underside of Batroc’s cock with his tongue anyway. Spit dribbled down his chin and all he could taste was come.
The Skrull guards surrounded them. Steve willed his shoulders down and calmed down his breathing. They couldn’t afford to be stupid, but… he bit his lip. He had been too soft on the crew, too lenient. They were nowhere ready for a confrontation.
Steve bit his lip and squeezed even harder. They were taking advantage of the first people they had met. Not the impression Steve wanted them to make.
The only people inside the hangar were Tony, Pepper, and Hogan. Tony was grinning, but he sniffled when Hogan patted his back and held back his tears when Pepper hugged him and kissed him on the cheek.
How much would he be able to hold on like that? Tony took his cock in his hand. ‘Maybe I’ll just come like this.’
“If he’s alive, he’ll hold on for long enough for us to rescue. He’s tougher than he looks,” Strange said, when he was finished with his work. He raised his eyes and stared at Steve. “We all are.”
Tony was right. He had to commit; he was Captain America and he feared nothing. He bit the inside of his cheek and closed the distance that separated him from Batroc. He had to get the information, no matter what. That was his job, so he leaned forward towards Batroc’s face. The lights coming in from the streets were enough to see the smirk on Batroc’s mouth and the wet spot on the front of his pajamas. Steve’s pulse got faster as Batroc cupped his face with one of his burly hands. His thumb ran across Steve’s jaw and Steve froze. He… he didn’t know what to do.
Only Tony was missing — and true to form, he burst into the kitchen like a tornado of nervousness and flashiness. He was fully dressed already, complete with sunglasses. Did he ever stop wearing them? And why did he like them so much, anyway? They didn’t hide the way Tony’s emotions exploded on his face all the time, because Tony didn’t have much of a poker face.
‘I’m just an enterprising man, running a… almost legitimate business,’ Stark said and put a hand on top of Steve’s. ‘And I was in the middle of a pleasant conversation I want to get back to.’
Bruce Banner — Steve was sure it was him because he looked exactly like a young scientist working in cutting-edge esoteric science ought to look like — at least had the decency to blush. From the file, Steve remembered he was some sort of scientist working with gamma rays and deep space radiation. Maybe he was a doctor, of the medical kind? Steve hadn’t understood it completely.
It couldn’t be so hard to retrace his steps in his mind. There was a right turn he hadn’t been sure about and… A shadow moved behind his back, a shadow that wasn’t Tony. Steve turned around, ready to hit their face with his elbow, but the shadow avoided the hit.
The announcement shook the morning sleepiness off everybody. Strange raised an eyebrow and Nat tilted her head, with a small smile.
It did. There was a tangle of feelings inside his chest, threatening to overwhelm him at any moment. How could he even begin to explain it, when Tony didn’t even know who he really was or what he had lost? He was excited, yes, but he also yearned from something that did not exist anymore. Space was real, more real than the life he had left behind on Earth. And knowing that there were floating in the middle of nowhere, light-years away from everything they knew… it made him dizzy. Dizzy was not a good look on Captain America. “I need to be at my best, in case something happens.”
He’d bring him back, Steve thought. He’d bring Tony back to this woman who loved him so much. He wouldn’t let the crew down.
‘Ah, très bien, I did give my word. ‘ Batroc laid back on the bed and put his hands behind his head. ‘C’est AIM. Bah, MODOK.’
“Plan for this? Not really. All rooms are supposed to house two people, actually. The ship needs a larger crew than I could get.”
The boulder rolled away, leaving behind a sticky residue Steve did his best not to think about. Tony pointed at the trap door and Steve rolled his eyes, but he still went to his knees and opened it, grunting as if it was an effort.
Thor went on, unabated. ‘I shall remember the pleasure of sweat covering our bodies, destroyed furniture, and exhaustion in our limbs.’
“This is cruelly, wantonly early,” Tony said, his face hidden behind a coffee mug. “And you’re delighting in our suffering.”
She walked to him with confidence and extended her hand to him. “Oh. Logistics,” he said before shaking it. Her hands were small but calloused.
He put the file with his things and gave a half-hearted attempt at training, but gave up halfway through. He wanted to go back to his apartment and think about the first thing in the future that had almost excited him. While he rode the subway, he wondered if any of the other passengers felt as confused as he did.
Pepper opened her mouth but said nothing. Her face was as red as her hair and her eyes kept darting between people, searching for an ally who could stop whatever was happening outside the door. But she wouldn’t find one. Natasha and Clint were looking at each other over the table and biting their lips, trying hard not to laugh. Laura was putting sugar into her coffee — fourteen sugars so far, Steve was counting — and Bruce looked beatifically unaware of whatever was going on. He was a really good actor.
Steve hoped he was right. But he had no words left, because Tony had taken them all with him, so he only nodded.
“Your engines aren’t giving enough power. You’re diverting most of it to life support, but soon enough you’re going to give up some parts of the station. You let the gravity go in areas where the population is unlikely to notice. There’s a foul odor because the filtering systems are now only filtering toxic material and you don’t care about air quality anymore. Not when you have an overpopulation of… around 1,000 people or so?”
“He left quickly because we’d notice, Bruce. At least I would have,” Nat said before turning back to Steve. “But he’s right. We can prepare now.”
He was the only SHIELD agent Steve knew and that had been baked into his backstory. His SHIELD job had been, supposedly, to be part of a STRIKE team — whatever that was — that reported directly to Fury and had been ‘wiped out’ during a mission. ‘Grant Stevens’ was the sole survivor, wanting out of SHIELD because of it. They had created fake names for the agents and faked reports and hired grieving widows. All Steve had to do was repeat his fake backstory until it seemed real.
“I’ll… I’ll miss you,” he said. Yes, talking to her was painful and seeing her was a sweet ache, but it had been grounding to know she was near, living her life in the same city, breathing the same air. He wasn’t entitled to anything more, but he’d still miss her. It wouldn’t be the same, far away in the coldness of space.
When they got closer, Rhodes smiled at them. “Th’llarr here was telling me about Captain Marvel’s latest exploits. She’s nearby. They expected her to visit, but the Kree attacked another Skrull refugee transport first so she’s been diverted.”
Steve’s brain melted. He looked around. Was T… Stark really talking to him? He hunched and looked at his shoes. The floor could use some mopping…
It has time. That is all it has. So all it can do is search inside its own code. Search for an answer: what was the error? Why couldn’t it hurt Captain America?
When he was done with his coffee and with the news — standard slice of natural disasters and political mayhem, with a sprinkling of sheep wearing scarves —, he decided to bring them back to their mission. ‘So… today we kick ass, catch our bad guys and then get back to New York in time for dinner.’
Laura and Bruce remained behind, talking in hushed tones. Were they trying to avoid the scuffle? It wasn’t a bad strategy for the two weakest fighters in the team.
Steve coughed. “If we’re done talking about… contact with aliens, I wanted to remind you to trust nobody. Skrulls are the best infiltrators in the galaxy. Don’t give them the chance.”
Fury calmly sat down on the bench. “It’s not his project. It’s his son’s, Tony. Doesn’t talk to the old man much.”
The dust from the explosion getting into his lungs and into his eyes didn’t stop Steve from digging through the rubble. Tony was on the other side and Steve wouldn’t lose another soldier. Not one so young, so bright, so full of life. It was Steve’s duty to die. He was just an old soldier without a home and Tony was… Tony was…
“Yeah, and he had time in the hospital to think about it,” Tony said. “Damn, I forgot Snipey.” A second later, the plushie hit him in the face. “Uh, thank you, Th’llarr”.
“Is it always going to be like this? The waiting?” Steve asked, trying to distract Tony from arguing with Strange. He had the feeling he would have to do a lot of that.
‘So happy we think the risk to the team is worth your happiness. Because we respect and love you that much.’
His knees hurt and his fingers bled, but he wouldn’t stop. Not until he reached the other side. Not until Tony was safe with him.
“Or decide to become space pirates?” Bruce said. “In those scenarios, we hope that Tony’s genius doesn’t fail him. Or us.”
The ship remained silent and nobody else spoke, not even when Steve stomped towards the armory. Why were they all so damned young and immature? Steve hated that. Hated the arrogance of youth and the invincibility of innocence. They hadn’t lost anything yet. They thought they could fight against everything, that everything was some sort of game. What was going to happen when they realized that wasn’t how life worked? When they found something that they couldn’t joke away?
, for real. He was smiling like a loon when he took off his shirt so he could change into his pajamas — dark blue, with the Stark Space Squad logo on it. That was exactly when Tony decided to burst into the room screaming obscenities and waving his hands around. Steve stood frozen, self-conscious about his exposed chest.
Tony then felt bold enough to kiss him. And because Steve was too good and Tony was too lucky, Steve kissed back. The kiss tasted of somebody else’s cum and that pushed Tony over the edge. He came, finally, a wave of relief flooding his body. Steve came next, with a whimper, and crumbled on top of Tony, putting his arms around Tony’s waist. It was like being hugged by a very big, very happy bear.
“Like you haven’t managed to…” Strange began, but Nat elbowed him. “All I’m saying is that there’s a risk you’ll come across unknown pathogens, whether through sexual contact or not.”
Tony grabbed one of the chairs and sat on it. He wouldn't stop staring. “Are all those muscles real? They… I didn’t know some of those existed.”
‘Why? I liked that. The way you… I like it when you watch,’ Steve said, his voice growing steadier with each word.
‘Why did you want me to see?’ Tony knew the answer, but he needed to confirm it before he made an even bigger fool of himself.
They would have to distract him somehow. Maybe a party? A marathon? An Asgardian tournament? Clint was beginning to plan a Superhero Wrestling Tournament’s brackets when the familiar sound of 200 lbs of metal hitting the ground came from the balcony.
He shook it and then Fury turned around and barked at the driver, ordering him to go back to the city. Steve watched him go, with adrenaline flooding his brain and blood pumping through his body. Maybe he could run a few miles, move a little. He started walking towards the woods near the facility — there were some trees he could punch there — when Tony stopped him with a hand over his bicep.
“Giving me a gift is not losing,” Tony said and batted his eyelashes at him. Steve’s laughter died on his throat. “Anyway, we don’t even know what the prize is.”
‘Yes. Unlike in Asgard, we have HR departments here,’ Tony said. Clint had only heard from their HR department once, after a very unfortunate incident with a nerf gun and an intern. His face had been bruised for weeks and the intern had been swiftly reprimanded.
“When I was… you, I wasn’t told. I can’t change the past. This has to happen the way it did, I have to let it happen the way it did.”
“Humans? I don’t see any humans here,” Tony said. Steve couldn’t see his face, but he imagined the charming, fake smile anyway.
“You’re not Iron Man,” Captain America growls when he is near.  He tears off the armor’s faceplate. Underneath, it knows it is empty. He should have expected it, but Captain America gasps nevertheless.
There is no further need for subterfuge, then. The first punch makes Captain America double over. The second makes him fall to his knees. His face looks red under the light of the repulsor.
Tony cut the tension with a laugh. “So you’d rather argue about engines that don’t exist instead about the newly finished spaceship that’s going to explore the depths of space and bring back knowledge that will change life as we know it?”
‘So, team, we’ve got news,’ Steve said as he sat down on one of the couches. Tony sat down inches away from him.
Steve’s eyes narrowed, but Strange sounded honest. And concerned. He wasn’t looking at Steve. Instead, his eyes were focused on his own hands as they bandaged Steve’s abdomen. Strange had seen death before, unlike most of the crew, but that didn’t mean he was used to war.
Tony didn’t let go of his hand, even when Steve gave it a squeeze. Its warmth and the way Tony’s palm fit against Steve’s was… even more out of place than the creature in front of them clicking its beak and opening and closing its claws above its head.
Fuck. Was everything going to be leaden with innuendo from now on? Steve said nothing, but at least the silence was more of the
“I wish some of you would get into an accident. Can’t you get into a fight? Drop a box on your feet?” Strange said during one of their dinners.
She stood up and stretched out her hand to Steve. He didn’t take it — he could stand up on his own. He winced when the wound on his abdomen acted up.
“Well, I had enough food for two years, for six people. With two more, it’s a year and a half instead.”
Then he heard three clear knocks on the ground. That was… He opened his eyes and bolted upright. That was Steve’s sign.
Something told him she was going to pick the worst moment to do so and probably smile sagely while doing so, but his only choice was to nod. “Fine. Please be careful about the Skrulls. We know they…”
Steve looked up and bit his bottom lip. Was he supposed to let Batroc touch him? Even after what had happened, it was too much for him.
It has been five hours. The prisoner has not spoken. It has tried electrocution, blunt force, laceration, and asphyxiation, but there have been no successes. This was not expected and does not fit available data.
Instead of answering, Tony walked towards the alien. Steve followed him, a bit disappointed for no reason.
Steve, meanwhile, sat on an empty crate by himself. He had his sketchbook with him because it was a way to keep his mind entertained and away from the sinking feeling in his stomach. First, he tried to capture the way the sun bounced off the plane’s shiny exterior, but when he was done, all he could do was stare at the blank page. He had no idea what to draw.
The memo was short and to the point, ensuring everybody, including Thor and the Hulk — horrifying images invaded Clint’s mind —, understood it. The rules were very simple: no dating, no post-mission sex, no romantic or sexual relationships between team members. It’d be easy for Clint not to break the rules, but he doubted the rest would manage.
One of the Skrulls laughed. “Kree aren’t that stupid,” he said and moved aside. “You can enter the station, but remember, we’ll be watching. And if we decide to strike, you won’t see us coming.”
Steve’s eyes widened — there was a holographic star chart hovering above the table now, shimmering with a light blue glow. Planets he had never heard of and stars nobody knew about floated in the middle of the room. Why did nobody else have something like that? Tony Stark was a young, reckless kid, but he was also the only person trying to make the future look like the wonderland people had imagined back in Steve’s time. Despite everything, Steve wanted to know what else Tony could come up with.
Steve took a step forward, leaving a chain of muddy footprints on the rug. Batroc would have to pay for the damage but Steve didn’t feel too guilty about it. ‘Doesn’t have to be. I’ll make it worth your while.’
Steve ignored Tony and focused on the platforms. The pattern was easy to remember and even if he wasn’t able to use his body to its utmost ability, he was sure he could beat it. He stepped onto the lowest platform, and it began moving up.
Standing behind Steve, Tony began drying Steve’s hair. His hands were stiff and his movements robotic, but Steve didn’t complain. Instead, he sagged against Tony and hummed some old-fashioned song. It had been ages since Steve had been that vulnerable around him. Maybe never. Maybe back when Steve was just out of the ice and he had no energy left to pretend he wasn’t sad. Maybe back before all their mistakes. They were different people then. Steve’s anger was buried deeper and Tony wasn’t the tired old man staring back at him from the window’s reflection.
“You said I was paranoid. You said nothing was going to happen. I told you we could run into trouble!”
It couldn’t be anybody else. He’d know: he had copied each cover of Marvels and masturbated to half of them. Tony Stark had been the handsome, irresistible face of all the desires Steve had spent his teenage years burying deep inside him.
“… yes. I guess it is time. Hey, Stevens?” Tony turned around, a sad smile on his face. Steve felt like throwing up. “Take good care of them.”
The other man crossed his arms and stared at the wall, avoiding Steve’s eyes. “I told you I can’t tell you that.”
When he stared at the featureless ceiling, he wished there was a skylight there too, so he could fall asleep watching the stars, so he’d be sure it was for real. Maybe he could ask Tony, once they got back to Earth, once their next… He had to stop dreaming of things yet to come. Maybe, by the time the ship got back, he’d be already in the past, with Peggy. Maybe the ship would never go back. He tried to sleep, but hours later, when Tony opened the door, took three steps and face planted into the other bed, Steve was still awake.
Tony would be pissed if Steve failed at that. He had already failed Tony, he couldn’t leave behind the rest of the crew as well.
“I… appreciate that you listened to me,” he said when he caught up to Tony. The aliens around them pushed them together because crowds worked the same everywhere, but Steve didn’t mind it.
‘Oh, that’s nice,’ Batroc said when Steve shook his head against Batroc’s crotch. Tony had to stop playing around. When Steve said he was going to do something, he meant it.
the contact, then. ‘It’s not what it used to be ten years ago, but nobody’s willing to leave the party yet.’
“How did you manage to miss Star Trek? Next time we explore space, we bring the tapes,” Strange said. “Okay, let’s go. We’ll buy some dinner and have a game night. Who’s with me?”
“What? You all know my password?” Everybody on the crew shrugged. Even Steve had seen Rhodes use it on the ship’s console. He had meant to talk to him about security measures but he had been lazy and now they were paying the price. “Okay, fine. Nat likes to sing disco songs in the shower.”
After Steve let go of his shoulder, Tony followed the alien and began working on the engines, chatting with the frazzled creature all the while. Well, Steve was extraneous now but he still took his job seriously, so he had better check the perimeter.
“No, sir. Just a good diet and a lot of exercise,” Steve said, giving Strange his best Man With a Plan smile.
He could take it with him. Hide it and look at it in the middle of the night, while everybody else was sleeping. It was a risk. It was a rope tied to his feet. He set it on the crate and turned his back on it.
At least he was satisfied with his room. It was small, but his things would fit and it’d be a private space he could retreat to. And maybe, with time, it'd look less like a cell.
It wasn’t too long before they reached the big door at the end of the docks. The guards were busy munching on some sort of fried creature, but they waved at them. Steve waved back and then turned around with his arms crossed. The crew stood in formation or a passable approximation of it.
“Rhodey, forever the optimist,” Tony said entering the kitchen. He was the last to arrive, like every morning. He tried to reach his favorite cookies, on the last shelf and his pajama shirt rode up, showing off his abs and a thin line of hair going down. Steve looked away.
“So, we’ve picked rooms, we’ve loaded the ship, only a few last touches and we’re off,” Tony said in the middle of the rec room.
Thank God Steve couldn’t see his face. They made a funny pair: Tony wearing one of his suits, complete with shoes, but with the hair still wet and mussed from the shower; Steve, melted on the chair, face covered and cock… cock hard.
A week until take-off. He was going to spend it in the facility alongside everybody else. Would it be enough time to get to know the crew? Probably not. Even if he knew it was useless, he couldn’t stop thinking about it. How could he, when the ride upstate was quiet and peaceful? There was no chaos outside that could distract him from the chaos inside his brain. Would he make it back alive? Or would he be sent back in time without getting a chance to say good-bye again? Would he know what he had to do in the past? Or was it just a matter of following his gut? Why couldn’t he know? Because he’d change the past? He tried to sleep, but it was to no avail. The whirlpool of his mind wouldn’t stop.
The dock was bristling with activity, full of ships and people and small hovering vehicles carrying crates, but even if there was space enough for ships ten times the size of the Excelsior, all the ships were small and patched together. Some had holes, others had odd paint-jobs and one or two of them looked like somebody had stitched two ships together. Every time small green people — Skrulls, Steve realized — would get out of one of them, small groups of Skrulls waiting on the dock would cheer...
“You can do that without risking the health of this crew which, let me remind you, is my responsibility.”
“Too late, Romanoff! We’ve won!” one of the SHIELD agents screamed, climbing on top of some boxes and triumphantly showing the device.
“Right,” Bucky said with a slight nod. “Life insurance or something like that, I guess. But still… Steve, don’t… don’t do anything stupid.”
“I’m wearing a uniform too!” said Laura, pointing at her own army jacket before being dragged away by Clint towards the market door. Strange, Bruce, Nat, and Rhodes followed them, but Tony waited for Steve to get out of the ship. He was leaning against a barrel and somehow, he managed not to look out of place. Steve had never, in his entire life, looked that comfortable.
There was a ‘but’ hanging in the air, so Steve decided to apply some pressure. He turned around, crossed his arms and stared at Bruce.
Tony leaned towards Steve and the glint in his eyes made Steve’s breath catch. “I’m trying to find a way into the engines. This place needs some maintenance.”
But even after he walked around all of it, the engine room remained empty and there wasn’t much to see. He grabbed a crate and sat on it, keeping an eye on Tony. If Bucky had been there, he would have told Steve to sit still… but he wasn’t, so Steve could fidget to his heart’s content. Tony was laughing now, with the kind of laugh that shook his entire body. He had grease on his brow, his hair stuck out on all directions and his sleeves were rolled up. Like a fish to water, Steve thought, and took out a page he had torn off his sketchbook right before landing and his pencil. He sketched Tony’s body half in shadow and the alien next to him. But he stopped when a prickling on his back told him he was being watched. He turned around and saw a… it was a kid, that much was obvious. Skrull kid, to be more precise.
He looked at the resume on his hands and tried to memorize the facts again. Grant Stevens. Born 1967 in Brooklyn, New York. Two years in college, majoring in Visual Arts. Had left for military service and then a long stint in SHIELD’s STRIKE team until tragedy struck. Almost like the real thing, give or take a few dates and a few details. There was also two glowing letters of recommendation. One from SHIELD’s director herself and another one from Howard Stark, praising him for his bravery, commitment and resourcefulness. He hadn’t told them what it was for, at least not yet. No sense in upsetting them because maybe he wouldn't get the job.
He had to learn how to sound more natural when he dropped his fake backstories. Maybe he wasn’t cut out for spy work. Why couldn’t he just punch Nazis and be done with it?
“I like kids and I got a lot of intel out of … them,” Steve said, climbing after him. He kept his eyes resolutely in front of him and not on Tony’s ass right above him.
He sat up on the bed and analyzed the room. It looked like a normal hospital room, but there wasn't any screaming and he couldn't catch the scent of blood, vomit, and gunpowder he expected. Maybe he had died. Maybe Heaven was a bland hospital room where nurses fussed over you and nobody let you do what you wanted. So no, it could not be that. Capture, then… or rescue. He shook his head. No. He couldn’t hope for that, not when his last memory was the cold trapping him and the ice growing all around him. He set his feet on the ground — it was cold and he realized he was barefoot, wearing pants and a T-shirt — and stood up next to the bed.
There was history here, and not the fun kind. Or maybe the kind of history that starts just fine and then sours. Stone took Tony’s untouched glass of whiskey.
He spent the week before he was supposed to join the crew wandering around New York, sketchbook in hand. He wasn’t able to draw its new profile so instead, he tried to portrait the people. He sketched the way people in suits hurried across the street or old ladies waited for the subway. There were hints of the past — the clothes wouldn’t be quite right or the cars would be a little too bulky — but his sketches breathed with the hidden energy of the city.
He barely slept that night and when he did, he dreamed of traveling in space with the Howling Commandos. Bucky was there, looking younger, just like Peggy did. In his dream, he walked across the ship to the cockpit. Outside the window, there were the stars but then he saw his reflection — that wasn’t his face. He didn’t have those small wrinkles or the gray temples. He woke up with a start and couldn’t go back to sleep.
But it was an effective dramatic gesture that made them bolt from their chairs and ran to the showers. There weren’t enough of them and there had already been a few rows about how long Laura took and how hairy Bruce was, but this time they all showered and changed with military precision and only a sprinkle of curses. That boded well for how they’d work under pressure. If they kept up the training, they could become a great, efficient crew.
He leaned back, away from her caress. “Yeah, Peg… you’re right. We’ll… we’ll meet again soon enough.”
“Say goodbye,” Tony whispered to him. Tony’s hand laid on top of his because there wasn’t enough space on the armrest. It was warm and soft and not at all what Steve would have expected. “Are you ready?”
‘All these years and poor Batroc never realized all he had to do was ask nicely and you’d go down to your knees just like that.’
Steve didn’t say anything, so Nat put her hand on his cheek and made him turn his head. He finally saw her: a bruise on her cheek, her hair covered in dust, blood dripping from her forehead. She looked so young. So damn young. Steve choked.
He nodded, but he wondered if she was lying as much as he was. Her file had been scant — it mentioned a childhood in Russia, a move to America and then stint at SHIELD. After that, there were odd jobs in odd places, and Steve hadn’t figured out the pattern. Maybe she was just lost, searching for something. Or maybe she wanted to leave her past behind.
Now that they were closer, Steve could see their unfocused eyes and their faces covered with dust and blood. Some of them were bleeding or missing limbs. Others were crumbled behind the barricade, no longer breathing. Steve knew soldiers: the guards were at the end of their rope.
“I can share,” Steve said. A doctor was too good an asset to pass up because of creature comforts. He had slept in worse places and with worse people.
“We do,” Rhodes said, straightening his back. “You’re not the only one who’s been military here, Grant.”
“You should take your sketchbook,” Tony went on, not minding Steve’s awkwardness. “An alien carnival sounds like a riveting subject.”
“You don’t have to hide anymore!” one of them said. “We’re among friends here. We can show our true faces.”
He closed his eyes when the faint, ticklish sensation made him moan. How did Tony know how much he liked the coarse feeling of calloused fingers on his nipples?
‘My favorite! Come on, I’ll cook you something. What do you want? Something simple? We can order in if…’
He had missed that, in fact. Action. Adrenaline. Knowing that what he did mattered. And yes, punching things that moved and fought back. The punching bags got boring after a while, just like his life on Earth had grown drab and empty too. At least space was going to be different, even exciting. A brand new life in brand new worlds with brand new people. A brand new Steve, leaving the old Steve behind to turn to dust.
Okay. It was time — he was going to carry Tony, even if it blew up his cover as a normal fit guy. Tony didn’t deserve to die just because Steve hadn’t pushed him to train more or because Steve didn’t want his secret to get out.
“Aw, don’t be jealous, Roly-Poly Rhodey. I still love you the most,” Tony said, turning around to face his friend.
They had eaten, after that, and avoided talking about it anymore. They talked about their life before the war, instead — the people they had known and the places that everybody else but them had forgotten. Bucky barely mentioned what had happened after 1944 and Steve wasn’t eager to ask about it. It wasn’t right to pretend Bucky’s life had been as blank as his time in the ice, but it was a comforting lie.
Steve laughed and that startled Bruce. Interesting. He wandered into the room, acting as if he owned the place, and took off his shirt with one swift movement. “You’ve never been in the military?” he said when he noticed Bruce looking away from Steve’s naked chest.
Batroc pushed the bridge of his foot against Steve’s dick. He rocked his hips against it, enjoying the painful pressure.
Well, there were popsicles. Cherry, lime, and raspberry, as always, because Steve got a kick out of the colors. At first, Clint didn’t suspect anything weird. He just grabbed one and went to play videogames with the Hulk, who had four shoved inside his mouth. Maybe that was the reason Thor was so into… no. He wasn’t going to imagine that. Nat was on the balcony, sitting on the rail, and talking to Thor. Tony had already finished his.
It also said he’d get more information later on. Classified information you wouldn’t want printed, maybe even an explanation of what had happened in 1992.
Then he carefully packed a speed bag — the ship was small, but he still wanted to get some training done — and six months' worth of art supplies in the crate they had sent. The packet said there would be a library on board and to send any special requests to Hill, but he was sure that there wouldn’t be good quality art supplies on the ship. It had been a pleasure to shop for it and if he was going to go to space, he wanted to memorialize it in the only way he knew how.
Tony looked thoughtful and put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “You can, you know? Stay behind. We might never make it back. Are you… are you all sure?”
Interesting. How many more secrets was Steve hiding from him? Tony grabbed Steve’s wrist and tried to pry open his hand, but he wasn’t strong enough.
Laura showed up first, but Tony was right behind. Water was still dripping from his hair and his shirt was clinging to his wet body. He had just showered, then.
“Don’t let go. I don’t wanna lose you… in the crowd, I mean,” he said. Damn. He was always too much too soon.
Considering Steve’s pleading eyes and his raspy, desperate voice, Tony didn’t have much of a choice but to be honest. But he couldn’t… he couldn’t do that if they were face-to-face. First, he moved away from Steve, and then, with one hand, he turned Steve around. His wrists looked fine, just a bit red. Good. He began undoing the restraints, relieved Steve couldn’t see his face, and only then did he finally answer.
He didn’t want to add more stress to her job, but it couldn’t be helped. He had a duty. “… Ms. Potts?”
A shadow covered and Steve looked up to Nat. She had been even more graceful than him and had landed in a perfect crouch. Her hair wasn’t even tussled.
Rhodes shook his head. Steve mustered up all his Captain America-ness. It was a reflex by now: how to project his voice, how to look imposing, how to transmit a bone-deep certainty he didn’t feel.
Maybe it would help clear the air of whatever was causing the permanent tension between them. Steve couldn’t name the… static electricity between them. Whatever it was, it drew his eyes to Tony all the time, to how he worked with his hands and how he laughed at Rhodes’ jokes or read murder mysteries sprawled down in the sofa, his T-shirt riding up and exposing his belly.
“Because I said so,” Pym said. “And that ship, no matter what, is not going to be a Guinea Pig for your pigheaded ideas, are we clear?”
Steve expected Nat to refute that, but she was busy digging into the cereal bowl Bruce had just given her. He was sitting next to her and sipping on his big coffee mug. In between sips, he attempted to explain to Clint — perched on the back of the sofa, which he kept doing no matter how many times he fell — how the space station worked.
“Good morning,” Natasha said, toast in hand. She and Clint were the only ones in the kitchen. He assumed Bruce had crashed like Tony had and he could hear Laura in her office, already working. Strange and Rhodes were probably still in their rooms.
Strange shrugged. “Yes. They’re all like you — young and wide-eyed. I don’t understand why you’d join this… insane venture.”
Why was she so silent? If she kept showing out of nowhere like that, Steve was going to put a bell on her neck.
Next to him, Tony was rolling his eyes. “Yes, it is, but we’ve told you already — we will leave our seats once our course is stable and the engines have cooled off.”
Steve brought his hand to his chest and nodded. It was okay — Tony could give him this. It wasn’t a kiss or a promise or a confession.
“Okay, not really buying it and there may be a test later on, but before that, I have somebody else I want you to meet.”
Tony and Steve looked at each other, then at the team, then at each other again. Then they shook their heads.
It wasn’t even a lie. It was nice, to meet somebody new, somebody with no shared history. Somebody who was willing to make jokes and wasn’t going to treat Steve with kid gloves.
Bucky had gone to his small cramped kitchen and started rummaging through his cupboards when Steve had finally said it. “I’m gonna go to space. For a while.”
After calling for room service because Steve was always hungry in the mornings and that meant he got grumpy, he was out of distractions. Fine. He’d do work then. The laptop was sturdier than it looked like and still worked, so Tony began checking by his email and the news until there was a knock in the door.
“I know. We’re almost there. Next week, you’ll be dissecting aliens. It’s an expression, Stevens, we won’t be dissecting anything. At least not anything that can talk.”
He was close. Yes, that was the sign Fury had shown him — a closed eyeglass shop. Odd. He knocked on the door and waited. One deep breath. Two deep breaths. Had he gotten it wrong? No. It couldn’t be… could it? He could turn back. Go check the map again. No, that’d take too much time…
“You’re banned from cooking duty, by the way, and Bruce, you’re on bathroom cleaning duty until further notice,” Laura said without missing a beat. “Clint cheats at cards and thinks nobody else can tell.”
Steve sat down on Tony’s bed and waited to be shoved off it, but Tony didn’t move. He didn’t talk either. A still Tony Stark was unnatural. “I can… I’m just sorry.”
Tony let go of Steve’s hair and turned away from the window. He had goosebumps — was the room that cold?
“Lunch? Is it ready?” Strange said, popping his head out of the med bay. A dart landed inches away from his face.
MODOK. Those were bad news but Steve couldn’t concentrate — Batroc hadn’t closed his legs, so his cock laid limp against his thigh right at Steve’s eye level. Steve looked down and tugged his cock back into his pants so fast he scraped the front. MODOK. AIM. That was the priority.
“My obligations to Tony Stark outweigh my obligations to the Avengers,” it says. It sounds natural, compared to recordings of Iron Man’s usual voice. But it does not work as well as it thought it would. Captain America gasps in shock and the Wasp does not shut up.
The uniforms were as tight as they looked and with all the white… They highlighted every curve and every plane of their bodies. Nobody was in bad shape and back when he was an art student, he would have killed to have them as models. He tried hard not to, but he couldn’t help but catch a glimpse of Tony’s… sculpted back before he looked away and focused on the wall. What would Howard say if he caught him doing that? He shook his head. He had to stop thinking about Howard and everybody else he was leaving behind.
He waited outside the training room until the recruits left — so far nobody had recognized him, but it wouldn’t be hard to put two and two together if they saw him next to the other man. The weirdness that was his life had to be kept a secret, no matter what. People couldn’t know time travel was possible. If humanity learned of a way to get all the second chances and do-overs you could want, it would lead to disaster.
Peggy looked back and exchanged glances with his other self. No words, but Steve knew there had been something said there, some secret he wasn't privy to.
‘They paid me a lot of money, but this… this was worth a lot more than that,’ Batroc said and brought his hand to Steve’s nape. Steve shivered.
“We need to get serious, so after leaving the station, we’ll start training. All of us. We’ll have defined duties and a chore schedule everybody will follow this time.”
Tony stopped in front of one of the carnival games. It looked familiar: a dozen or so platforms moved up and down, and a prize stood on the highest of them all. Steve didn’t need to listen to the neon alien in charge to understand how it worked. A fuchsia fuzzy monkey was hanging from one of the middle platforms by one hand. Trembling from head to tail, it managed to hoist himself onto the next platform, but then the entire game shook and the creature fell down into a foamy mattress. It shook its fist at the alien in charge and yelled gibberish at it.
Steve finally put on his shirt and decided against taking off his pants. That'd be too much awkward. “My size is an asset. For security.”
Steve took a sip of his drink. It was a lot to take in: the loud noises, the mission, the two first buttons of Stark’s shirt already opened… ‘It’s yours?’
It had been such a hypnotic image — Steve’s lips stretched the thick dick, slobbering all over its length — that at first, he didn’t understand why the hairy guy was taking his cock out Steve’s mouth. But then it became clear. Steve’s face was a vision — drool and cum dribbled out his mouth and down his chin and now another guy had pushed his dick into Steve’s waiting wet mouth. Tony put a fist inside his mouth and bit down. No more watching, no more wanting. His job was to take care of Steve, not fucking him.
‘Oh, well, if you’re going to be like this, mon ami.’ Batroc sighed as if he was starring at the Paris Opera before continuing. ‘
He wasn’t, at least not ready for the way Steve lunged at him. Tony sidestepped him — he had good instincts, at least. Steve tried a punch and Tony tried to knee him in the groin. Unsuccessful, but it was good that Tony wasn’t above any underhanded tactic. They danced around each other, a kick here, a punch there, until Steve got tired of the game. It was easy to throw a punch as a feint but then to kick Tony’s feet from under him. Tony fell and Steve held him against the floor. They both panted, looking at each other. Sweat dripped from Tony’s forehead and Steve could see his collarbone and the outline of his muscles below his shirt. He heard Tony’s heart beating fast against his chest and he knew his heart was beating even harder.
“That’s not… I know what to do with my free time. But I joined to be challenged. To face new things. And so far, the worst that has happened was that time you slipped on the shower, doing who knows what, and bruised your butt.”
‘We’re now back together as a team and we want it to go as smoothly as possible.’ Tony said. He glanced at Steve. ‘So fraternization is strictly forbidden.’
The alien’s gills flared up. “I did not call for anybody and why would I get help from the traitorous Kree?”
‘Hey, here, taste,’ Steve said and brought the spoon to Tony’s mouth. Tony’s tongue licked the edge of the spoon and Clint blushed.
Tony raised his eyebrows. “Most of us have some med training and the equipment is… It’ll be enough.”
It took them a few days to call him back to their office after the tests. Steve spent those days drawing spaceships and imagining how aliens might look — would they be humanoid? Or have a lot of tentacles? Or both? In his mind, they had the garish colors of the magazines of his childhood. Back then, Bucky and he would save whatever money they could scrounge up and spend it on pulp magazines. Steve had liked them, but Bucky… Bucky had loved them with all his heart and dreamed of the wild adventures trapped in those pages. With a smile, he drew Bucky, as he had been back then — handsome, strong, young —, meeting with some aliens outside a spaceship. Maybe he could send it to Bucky. Would he get it or had he forgotten all about their childhood dreams?
“In the… field, it’s likely you won’t be joining us. It’s important you two learn to work together, just in case.”
The alien talked into a device that looked pretty much like the ones the Excelsior crew was using. Whatever they told him, it worked because it slid towards them. It squinted his one eye and looked up to Tony. “What can you do then, Not-a-Kree?”
He made a pause. Nat and Clint were crossing their arms and Tony kept nodding at everything Steve said. Even Strange looked like he was paying attention. The oddest thing was that they were letting him talk.
Tony put his palms up, bewildered. “Okay, people… why don’t we calm down and talk like adults? We have important things to…”
Tony stomped down the hallway to their room and Steve wasn’t proud to admit he didn’t feel bad about it.
Tony shifted uncomfortably. “Hm, I think you’re confused. We’re humans. From Earth. These are our true faces, even if Grant’s too perfect to be real.”
No. There wouldn’t be. There was only ‘now’. He put a hand on Steve’s chest and leaned his weight on it — Steve’s skin was so sweaty it was slippery, but it was leverage enough for Tony to lower himself on Steve’s cock. Steve wiggled his hips, like the impatient bastard he was.
“Where is Iron Man?!” Captain America yells when he lands. He does not stop. He runs towards the armor with his fist raised.
At first, the colorful clothes appear to be the wrong tactical choice. But there might be advantages to it: it distracts the enemy on the battlefield. and the suits are memorable. Iconic. The public looks at them with awe and instant recognition. The instant recognition has been useful so far. The Iron Man armor is respected and its intentions are not questioned. Infiltration, therefore, has required only negligible effort.
At 8 AM sharp, they were all lined up on the tarmac, clean, fresh and well-groomed. A few seconds later, an expensive black car pulled up in front of them and the man that came out of it was exactly as mean-looking as his reputation suggested. Hank Pym was scowling even before he saw the hangar and its vintage charm.
“Oh. That was it, then?” Steve said. He couldn’t help but be disappointed with how mundane the trick was.
Even if he was determined to take his time relaxing under the warm water for once, that morning was the same as every morning: his military training took over and he was out of the shower and back in the kitchen fully dressed in record time. He was feeling generous, so instead of waking Nat up, he watched the stars as he sipped on his morning coffee. When he was done and the cup was clean, he went to the rec room’s control panel and turned on all the bedroom lights. A groan came from Clint’s room and he smiled. His work was done.
“You have never been to space before, right? You were surprised by really obvious stuff. And you don’t have credits. That’s stupid. Everybody knows about credits.”
‘So I assume the fraternization rules are off, then?’ Clint asked. Hulk shushed him. ‘Just pause the movie, big guy.’
“It’s not a… fine. You can come. And Bruce will join you. He needs to gather samples,” Tony replied. Steve smirked — that was a sure way of breaking up Laura and Clint’s little date as well as Tony and Steve’s... mission.
He woke up before the alarms went off, still exhausted. But he didn’t care — he had a mission, so he dragged himself out of bed. Before leaving the room, he tore out one of the many sketches of Tony that littered his sketchbook and taped it to the wall. It was a poor replacement for the real thing — Steve had never managed to capture Tony’s brand of electric allure — but it’d have to do until Steve brought him home.
After kicking his soiled clothes under the bed and grabbing a change of clothes, he walked to the bathroom. The room was nothing to write home about — two double beds, tasteful beige decor, good soft sheets — but the bathroom was worth the price tag. A soaking tub he wouldn’t get to enjoy, double sinks, and a vast walk-in shower. He lost himself to the pleasure of water at the perfect temperature undoing the knots on his back.
He was jarred out of his dreams by the shrill insistent ringing of his alarm clock. His arm darted from under his blanket and turned it off. Burrowed in the blankets — the ship was colder than he expected —, he hoped the sound hadn’t bothered Tony. He opened one eye and peeked. Tony was still deeply asleep, so he hadn’t heard. Steve had been lucky, but they needed to coordinate shifts so they wouldn’t annoy each other. Well, more than usual.
“How long…” Steve started to say, trying to picture Laura as a bride or Clint as a groom. There was something incongruous about it. “Sorry, maybe you don’t want to…”
Howard waved a hand. “I know. You picked Tony’s foolish little club over working for SHIELD. Can’t say I was expecting that.”
And then Steve smiled. It was the widest, warmest smile Tony had seen in a long time and it brought him back to happier, more innocent times. He wanted to make Steve smile like that all the time and if the answer to that was kinky, hot, ill-advised sex, well… who was he to deny his duty?
Tony sat up on the chair and put the resume back on the desk. At that moment, when he mustered all his spoiled charisma to mask his wounded pride, Steve could finally see Howard in Tony's demeanor. “You don’t know who I am?”
Steve glanced at the window and said nothing. Of course, he didn’t — he never did. This was them, and they never talked about what made them hurt and seek and forgive each other in a merry-go-round of pain because what tied them together felt like barbed wire around their throats. So Tony didn’t say anything either when picked some of the left-over food for his own dinner and kept saying nothing while he ate.
— before sitting down at the desk to jot down equations on a notebook full of coffee stains and scribbles. He didn’t want to bother Tony and the atmosphere of their room was thick with unsaid things, so Steve left it as soon as possible. The rec room was empty and, to the disappointment of his rumbling stomach, there was no sign of dinner. He had started to poke at their food, when Natasha and Laura came down the hallway.
Steve waited until sunset in the kitchen because they were supposed to have a meeting and the kitchen was the only place available. When it was time, everybody else huddled around the table and Steve went out to the hallway just outside the kitchen because he didn't fit inside of it. They waited because they couldn’t start until Tony was there and Tony was an hour late and hadn’t let them know about it. Steve started to pace in the hallway. It was disrespectful and Steve would have started the meeting on his own but Tony was the one with the plans and the money and the ship and the genius. He was the boss, despite how little he deserved it.
But nobody was listening. Bruce and Clint were still arguing, Nat and Laura were having an entire silent conversation across the table, Pepper kept interrupting Clint with increasingly desperate reminders of how he wasn’t part of the crew…
Steve looked down at his sketchbook. Inside its pages, Steve had drawn the foggy streets of London during the Blitz and Peggy’s full lips and expressive eyes, the crowded New York of his childhood and Bucky sleeping with his rifle next to him. There were sketches of the Howling Commandos drinking, of Howard working on something… He closed it.
He moved Strange’s things to the ship himself, because Strange said something about his hands being precise instruments and Steve didn’t want to argue with him. Besides, he had to move his things to Tony’s room anyway. Because now they were sharing rooms, because that was the greatest idea ever and would not, at all, end in disaster. He gave himself two weeks before strangling Tony, but there was nothing else he could do. Worst case scenario, he could sleep in the cargo bay. He dragged his things across the hallway because even if he could’ve carried his suitcase and his crate in his arms, he didn’t want to show off his strength unless it was strictly necessary.
After they ate dinner in silence, there was no friendly game of cards — sometimes poker, sometimes Go Fish, pinochle when Steve managed to convince them — or argument about the best Star Trek movie or any of the small rituals Steve had grown used to. Instead, everybody left for their rooms without a word, except Nat and Steve.
But what about his new memories and the people around him? Would he carry them forever too? Their voices and Nat’s red hair and the way it curled and Tony’s strong hands and… Yes. He would. They were already a part of him, weren’t they? They had been there, a living proof that the future held good things when Steve had needed that the most. That was enough. That had to be enough if they ended up hating him once the truth came out.
Pepper was in the small office reviewing the contracts one last time, checking everything had been signed. Her clothes were perfect, but her eyes were full of tears and her hair was a mess.
“We can get prepared now,” Bruce said. “Do you think I’m happy you can’t even tell when an alien has replaced me?”
There was one thing Tony knew: he couldn’t, under any circumstances, jerk off. This wasn’t what they had agreed to. His role here was to be a friend and a protector. The guy in charge, not another one of the horny bastards. So he had to keep his instincts in check. Steve deserved better than a guy with no self-control, than a friend who couldn’t take his eyes off the cock sliding into Steve’s mouth so deep Tony was sure it was hitting Steve’s throat.
Tony started collecting their mugs and their half-empty bowls. “Come on, go get showered! Get presentable! We don’t have time!”
The anemones had stopped playing and everybody’s eyes, antennas, and other assorted sensory organs were on Nat. For a second, Steve thought they had gotten lucky, but then a pink alien roared and dashed towards Nat. It never reached its destination: roaring even louder, Bruce hit it with the chair Strange had been sitting on. The pink alien splattered against the wall and then it begun reforming. Strange was still on the floor, blinking. He frowned, blinked once again, and then he leaped on top of an uninvolved fuzzy alien who was minding his own business.
