“Yes, though you wouldn’t often make sense.”
“Does she still have pink hair?”
“Look after him.”
“Why aren’t?” John asks, a little lost.
Sherlock remains standing. An ethereal dark statue in the middle of the room. Lit only by the orange glow of the streetlights outside uncurtained windows.
“Damned if I do.” Lestrade grumbled.
“Yes,”
“Of?” John finds himself asking, intrigued by the turn of phrase.
As he watches a man brushes past him, pushing his way through the revolving doors behind her and striding confidently up to the escalators himself. He’s wearing a long dark coat.
A beat.
A wet, windy day: grey sky the same shade as the puddles on the pavement.
“You’re here alone?” John asks,
“I…” John starts, before pausing, “Where am I?”
“Sure, I…” Mike was still blinking in the headlights of the thought.
In retrospect it’s strange that the sound of her steps on the floorboards is much heavier than her usual gait. Stronger. Slower. Firm. These steps are certainly not executed in heels.
“I meant with them.” John clarified.
“It’s… wait a minute, you know my name?” John feels faintly as if he’s entered the twilight zone.
“You missed the second chat with the boyfriend.” He said instead.
“None of the old gang going?” John asked,
And of course when he turns back to the man who claims to be someone that he so clearly is not, the path is empty.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Lot of the guys want to be back with their families…”
“Yeah, I guess. Perhaps he was passing.”
“It’s been hard.” John continues. Doesn’t expect an answer, Sherlock is in the “away” portion of his pace. “All of it. Watching you fall. Carrying on. Hearing what people said.”
Unaware that he has closed them John forces his eyes open.
a doctor,” The woman across the table from him offers with pride.
“Sherlock…” John replies automatically.
John waits. Sherlock blinks back at him for a beat, two, before taking breath and continuing:
His anger is freeing. Sherlock blinks up at him.
“You know who I am.” Sherlock finds his voice.
“Say that again,” Sherlock said carefully, sitting very still.
“You, making tea.” John pauses, “Have you ever done that before?”
The room they are about to enter used to be a classroom. He can still remember the way the desks were set out around the blackboard and recall the type of diagrams that were likely to have been drawn upon it: anatomy chalked in a shaky hand. Instead of all this however, when Mike leads him through the door it’s to be faced with banks of blank computers, set out in rows. It’s empty, apart from a single dark figure.
“Harry,” John clarifies,
“I was probably the opposite…” He chuckled again. “Bit of a dick really.”
“Well…” Sherlock starts, puffing up fractionally.
“Since?”
“I’m not sure I thought that far ahead.”
“…no evidence.”
“Yes,” She stood up, making a shooing motion with her hands. “And I need to change, so you need to leave.”
“But,” John repeats, “I told the guy over there all this a minute ago, can’t you just ask him?” He asks, waving off into a hallway he can barely recognise as his own.
“So what made you think you were qualified to come up here and ‘talk me down’?”
“I…” Mike hadn’t caught up yet.
It wasn’t his brother. At this hour he’d be working or sleeping. Or possibly eating, Sherlock appended mentally, but there was no light from the kitchen.
“They had help.” Sherlock announced to him quickly, finally meeting his eye again. “A consultant. A consulting criminal.”
“I did,” The man has risen from his chair now and is pulling on a long dark coat. “I told Mike this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for. Now here he is after lunch with an old friend clearly home from military service in Afghanistan. Wasn’t a difficult leap.”
“I’m not complicated.”
“John.” Sherlock says again, “You should know I hold you in the highest regard.”
The response comes in the form of a knock on the exam room door.
“I don’t understand,” He tells them.
“Hello again,” Mary said pleasantly, her tone light.
“You don’t know that.”
“I wouldn’t…” Sherlock cuts in,
“He blamed himself you know,” She continues.
“You’ll get better and you’ll write to me.” Sherlock’s voice was rough, and low, “That letter will change my life, though it will take me a while to work that out.”
“No sign of trauma,” She said, opening a door, “Bloodwork normal.” With a surprising amount of strength she pulled the drawer inside toward them, revealing the body of a man. “I couldn’t find any cause of death at all until...” She turned over the left arm of the victim and showed them a tiny mark.
“I know,”
“Yeah.” He turned, scanning a small group of officers in the doorway. “Donovan!” He called, when he spotted the right figure in the crowd.
The barman has stopped laughing; instead he appraises the newcomer with unveiled interest.
“You’re as close as we’ve got.” Lestrade answers.
“You borrowed my phone.” John.
“Mike’s forever the optimist,” John agreed.
“For what?” John has to ask.
“So you don’t know what I’m thinking?” John asks playfully, making a show of studying Sherlock’s face intently. Beautiful, is what he’s thinking.
“Sherlock, if you’re going to question the man, bloody well let him answer.”
“Sherlock.” The man answers hopefully, perhaps he believes this will be enough explanation.
“No, not the hospital,” She smiled. “I mean you.” John met her eye properly for the first time.
“I miss you,” Sherlock says in exactly the same tone as before.
“How did you know about that?” John asks again.
“I couldn’t protect your walls.” John remembers; real memories this time.
Still studying their surroundings John is vaguely aware that Mike is searching through his pockets, he produces only a notebook: “Sorry,” He says, “Other coat.”
They both took a drink from their pints.
“You aren’t.”
“Hm?”
“I don’t think I’ve told you many to add more to.”
This time the quiet lasts longer. Five feet of space between them. Books and papers and notes and Mrs Hudson’s nice wood floor and secrets. Lies. Agreements.
She was still chuckling when John pulled the door of 221A closed behind him, shaking his head.
“For how long?”
“You could.”
“I do, sometimes,” He said in his defence. “Faces,”
“Slower trajectory. Harder to aim.” Sherlock’s voice is smooth. “Still best to be prepared.”
The back of John’s legs knock up against something hard and soft.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” A deep voice asks him without preamble from beside his left elbow.
“Bad day.”
“Like before.”
There’s a silence then as Sherlock contemplates what John is saying.
“You didn’t seem to do a lot of it at the last party,” Molly pointed out, “Just lurked in the shadows and disappeared home without saying goodbye.”
“Do what?” Sherlock asks.
“I’m sorry?” John asks, breaking their contact abruptly and stepping back.
John smiles.
“You were thinking about the effects a fall like that would have on any normal human body.”
“You were an old case. You were dead.”
“They’re busy. Thought I’d get it myself,”
“I care.” Sherlock found himself saying, but John was still talking.
“Can you make it across the room without doing any more damage?” John asks with a smile, he’s rewarded with the narrowing of steel blue eyes:
“You’ll speak to him?” Sherlock asks Lestrade.
“Hey,” Molly said in greeting as she found John in his hiding place sometime later.
“I can’t promise that.
“I’m sorry.” John adds after a long pause.
“Thank you.” John repeats. “I’m not really sure what you’re talking about, or who you are, or what I’m doing here. But, thank you.”
No doubt she’ll leave her bags and head straight upstairs to tell him she’s back. He glances around the room, suddenly aware of the state if it. Perhaps he should tidy before she sees. The books and the papers and the notes. His laptop left haphazardly half open amongst it all, as if he will ever really begin to start committing these words to keyboard. He sets his mug down in the only available three inch square of space on the table top, finding his way to his feet. He can hear her steps on the stairs. Climbing slowly. Perhaps she’s carrying something. It sounds heavy. He casts around again, but feels unsure where to start. He can’t tidy untold weeks of hermit-living in seconds. Perhaps he can clear some of these plates. Jesus, he really has let the place go. Memories don’t mind mess.
“Coffee. Black, two sugars please.” The man’s voice is deep and sonorous, strangely at odds with his skinny frame and pale skin. John studies him out the corner of his vision, wondering idly how strong the wind would have to be to knock this slip of a creature from his chair. A light breeze, he concludes, watching the stranger contemplate the view outside the window. Perhaps when he’s blown away that strong voice will be the only thing left.
“I’ll do that,” Lestrade repeated in assurance.
This was Lestrade’s job, Sherlock had long ago decided, he was the one that handled the situations where politeness would achieve greater results than intelligence.
Weeks slipped by before John could bring himself to go back to 221 to leave Sherlock the reply to his last note.
The look he gave Mrs Hudson then, from the centre of his own chaos, bordered on elated.
“Isn’t it enough that you hound me at home? You have to find me at work as well?” John’s anger is rising.
“I know you very well.” Sherlock’s tone doesn’t match it.
“I suppose it is.” Sherlock tentatively takes the offered hand, “Sherlock.” He says resolutely. John can’t help noticing how cool those long fingers feel wrapped around his.
The man doesn’t move. Doesn’t turn. Doesn’t even crick his neck again in the direction that John is standing.
“Right,” John was looking quickly between her eyes, “I thought I…” He started, wavered, “I mean I thought I recognised you, but I wasn’t sure…”
“I’ll believe it when I see it,”
“Mary is part of a pattern?” John finishes,
“Of course!” Angelo waved John forward and motioned to the table in the window. “When my good friend Sherlock makes a reservation two years in advance, it’s a date you remember.”
John opens his eyes. To find them both staring at him.
When John finally realised that he should be reaching out to take them from her it was as if his arm were moving through water. The air around them thick and viscous.
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes,” He offers finally, his gaze level, “And the address is two two one B Baker Street.” He winks. “Afternoon,”
“The doctor has given you something so you can rest.” Sherlock tells him. “I’m sorry.”
“I don’t want an interview.”
“Of course I am,” The patient says,
They stop, studying each other. Sherlock’s words hang in the air between them.
“They were always the same.” Sherlock.
“He said that it was just a card, from someone he’d met.”
“I’ll consider it.” Sherlock responds a little too seriously.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You believed it.”
The man sighs suddenly, stirring.
“You keep making it necessary.”
But the blank box of a bedsit he’d found in Islington had been too painful for him too.
“Sher…” John started again but was overcome. He was drowning in so much emotion it felt like it was spilling over. Was he crying?
They meet in a sandwich shop.
It was Mrs Hudson, she stood as she saw him coming toward her.
The sound of broken crockery lost in a shout of rage.
“What?” John asks
“Ignore what I said.”
“You’re trying to argue that what I did was wrong.”
“I’m sure you could sensationalise it a bit.”
They move together now, John’s hands coming up to the man’s waist, gripping and circling, moving their bodies together with the music. Glancing and swaying and touching. The rise and ebb of the music matched with the tide of their dancing bodies. The stranger’s hands move slowly to John; long fingers running across his bare chest, tracing collarbones as if examining them before one hooks beneath the chain of the army dog-tags that still lie around John’s neck.
“It’s my wife,” John finds himself answering, more to himself than in reply to the question. “Mary,”
John is sitting on the side of a now frustratingly familiar hospital bed, fully clothed and, for the first time since he awoke, shod in something more than hospital issue slippers. Sherlock stands before him, that beautiful suit and dramatic coat, his hands curled around the handles of the offending wheelchair. He shakes it slightly.
“And Harry’s short for Harriett.”
“I helped when you needed me.” Mycroft said, sipping his coffee.
“That wasn’t what you said last week.”
They locked eyes across the room.
“She’s not my housekeeper,” Sherlock parroted huffily and did his best to ignore the smile that Lestrade failed to hide, “What is it now?” he asked impatiently,
“It seems you’ve already bought numerous,” Sherlock’s response.
“No.” Sherlock cuts in quickly. “I just look a little like him.”
“John,” He corrects.
“Then what is it?”
But he cut himself short when he looked back to the desk to find his roughly torn-off sheet was no longer there. Instead, in its place, was a neatly folded piece of blue note paper.
“Just the idea of you at a wedding,” Lestrade concludes with a smirk.
Sherlock regards him levelly, a slow dawn of understanding crossing his features.
John finds himself laughing at that. The stranger takes a moment but eventually matches his smile.
Leaning against the Polaroid was a card, one embossed with a now familiar ornate, gold M.
“Bit easy don’t you think?” Sherlock asked.
“For proving him wrong? Never.” A subtle smile, “For what it’s worth, I’m glad.”
“The guys have always felt like family, you know?” John said as if justifying himself. He gestured vaguely back to the party, “We were in med school together.”
“Yes,” Sherlock confirms.
“And the case?” Mycroft asked,
“Cause and effect.”
“The Royal Free.”
“But…” John’s response comes out almost as a beg,
He didn’t leave a note.
“She’s not cooperating.” Sherlock pointed out
“Naturally she said she’d ask you, and when she did...”
“Oh,” John’s resolve fades,
“It seems so.”
“Oh.”
It was as he dropped his face away from the stairs that his eyes caught on the old writing desk in the hallway and he noted passively that his letter was still in the pigeonhole, unclaimed. Then something tugged at his subconscious and he looked again. Rather than the white sheet of paper he’d tucked there, this sheet was blue. He stepped forward and retrieved it. On the front, in bold looped cursive was one word: John.
John was sitting, head in his hands on the second step in the hallway of 221 Baker Street. His stomach was in knots, his mind falling over itself to run through every possible scenario where he was too late, where it had all been in vain, where everything that had happened to him, to them, had been for nothing.
“No, John”
“You left Baker Street?” Sherlock asks.
The dark head of hair and narrow shoulders of the man sitting in the row ahead of John obscures most of his view. He’s always had the worst luck with seats.
“An obituary doesn’t do wonders for a person’s ability to book more work.”
John struggles for air for a moment.
There’s a long silence.
“And you’ve barely managed half way.” John replies.
“Goodbye, John” Sherlock says heavily.
“I am perfectly capable of walking,” John’s is not.
“Are you ok?”
“I needed to get away.” She replied calmly.
“Don’t you have somewhere to be?” Sherlock asked.
Mycroft’s entire stance had changed, his shoulders notching back and his back lengthening. It was the posture of a man preparing for battle.
“My name,” The man replies, his deep voice imbibing the words with an authority that matches the confidence of his posture: “Is Sebastian Moran.” It’s spoken like a threat.
“Well…”
“You knew.”
“No, I’m…” He replied, flustered, “I’m Dr Watson,” There was no recognition in her eyes. “I was told to report here?”
“But she’s the best.”
“The engraving,”
“The work is done.” Sherlock says intensely.
“Party?” He asked the nurse.
“You wouldn’t have needed to explain me to them. They know me.”
“Even after you jumped off a building.” John corrects.
“The reason I had to go away.”
“I trusted you to handle it.” Sherlock sat forward in his seat toward him. “What, exactly, did he say?”
“Yes. After they cut... You told me to clear them up”
“Harry Watson: clearly a family member who’s given you his old phone. Not your father, this is a young man’s gadget. Could be a cousin, but you’re a war hero subsisting purely on an army pension in London. Unlikely you’ve got an extended family, certainly not one you’re close to, so brother it is. Now, Clara. Who’s Clara? Three kisses says it’s a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently – the model’s only six month’s old. Marriage in trouble then – six months on he’s just given it away. If she’d left him, he would have kept it. People do – sentiment. But no, he wanted rid of it. He left her. He gave the phone to you: that says he wants you to stay in touch. But you’re not going to your brother for help: that says you’ve got problems with him. Maybe you liked his wife: maybe you don’t like his drinking.”
“I’m glad you’re not dead.” John says in answer to the questions in Sherlock’s eyes.
“Are you going to tell me what’s going on, Sherlock?” She asked, watching him, surprisingly level-headed. “I don’t see you for months and then you just…”
“So you live in London?” John asks as he realises they’ve not spoken in some minutes, falling back to a default position of small talk.
“Thought I’d try for some locum work,” John continues instead “Local GP surgery, but nothing yet.”
“Yes, of course…” He started and then got stuck, aware that although her face was familiar, he had no idea of her name.
“And you’re starting now because?” John has to raise his voice slightly so Sherlock can hear.
“What’re you doing here?” She asked, with only mild surprise, her words muffled by her mask,
For a long stilling moment he contemplates the inside of his eyelids. A deep breath. Another. Perhaps when he opens his eyes the doorway will be empty again. Perhaps this is a dream. He will have fallen asleep,
“That’s not what people normally say.”
Sherlock didn’t reply.
“How many?” John asks enthusiastically.
“You weren’t here!” John is feeling too much again, his words are choked, breath panting. Desperation and panic and relief and fear, fear he was losing a grip on that thin fibre of reality: “No note. Your
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Not-Mike manages rather apprehensively,
“Hello?” John repeats with more purpose now, edging forward slowly.
“And I’m not really looking…” John talked over him again.
“And it was necessary that I watch?”
John smiles, nothing’s changed.
“Jumps.”
Before Mike could comment she piled the brightly wrapped packages she was carrying into his arms.
“Fuck it.” He said finally, articulately. And surged forward, hand coming up to the back of Sherlock’s neck and drawing him down to capture his mouth with a fierce passion he didn’t think himself capable of.
Before another thought. This time of Sherlock’s foot, reaching out from his perch on the sofa, tapping at a broken shard of plate glinting in the bright dark of the London night.
It had been that day that had spurred him to go back to Baker Street, seeking the comfort of someone he knew and finding instead the comfort of someone he didn’t: in the form of a letter.
He is talking.
Lestrade didn’t rise to it.
They’d been strange, half-formed dreams full of danger and uncertainty; Sherlock, standing alone against unknown threats and John, unable to help him.
No one but a dead man.
If we had been having this conversation out loud you would have retreated into yourself long before now. I would have made us tea. Tried to coax you back into the room from that place inside your head. You would have stopped talking, falling over that desire to hold things down, hold things back. Perhaps I would have retreated at your silence, stepped away from you and out into the welcome of London instead. Stopped the tide of things I haven’t told you.
“She had a lodger?”
“No,”
A pause. This time filled with knowledge. John continues this contemplation of the floor, head hanging between his hands. When the weight of the words they’re not saying gets too much he pushes himself back with a wordless grunt, turning without meeting Sherlock’s eyes to sit on the floor in front of the bench. As close as he dares.
“It was a spectacularly awful jumper John”
The holidays came and went, Christmas barely more than a jolly light in the peripheries of Sherlock’s vision as he continued to work on the case. Plans were firmly in motion now, the gears turning finally in Sherlock’s direction,
Of course he did.
“Sore.” John answers immediately, not missing the look Sherlock gives his brother over his shoulder: he may as well have said ‘I told you so’ out loud.
“You weren’t friends?”
“What would?”
John’s mind is suddenly flooded with the sensation of that blow. The cyclist. Crowding him.
“I didn’t, I suspected, you however just confirmed it. I did know about your brother.”
Lucy Shields lived in a modest flat above a florist in Angel. They arrived just as officers were stringing police tape across the front door.
“Something I didn’t do.”
He drops the plates.
Mary was smiling at him.
“I did.”
The room made a small collective gasp, reacting in exactly the way Sherlock had predicted their mundane minds would. Molly however continued to blink calmly back at him.
John has to pause at the emotion there.
Nevertheless Sherlock answers for him: “He can’t remember.”
John looks up him. Sherlock. Eyes wide with surprise.
“I should have thought you’d be glad to hear it.”
Seemingly, Sherlock thought to himself as he finished reading the note, the mysterious M was going to keep up his charade.
“Because you are the only one who cares?”
“But you are.” Sherlock seems sure.
“You mean she’s the easiest to intimidate to get faster results?”
He strode from the room.
“I remember a chair in a room,” John starts, but Sherlock’s face scrunches suddenly. “You know that part?”
“Don’t.” John says, the same caution from earlier. “Don’t” He scrubs his hands back over his eyes, feeling faintly like a wild animal that Sherlock is slowly creeping up on, pausing at each stage to build the trust necessary for another step. Is he still being trained?
The moment Sherlock had read the message his face raised to Lestrade. For a beat everything was still, their eyes locked.
“Yes.”
Sherlock is in the “toward” section of his pace, John meets his gaze and holds it, continuing:
“And he is?”
The words come out more angrily than John intended, alcohol still flaring in his bloodstream. Sherlock blinks at him from the middle of the room, his face almost as pale as the wall behind him, backlit with a shadow of dark curls.
“What was that?”
“Home so soon dear?” She asked, putting her head out of the door of 221A.
“Moriarty didn’t work alone.”
“John,” Sherlock says again, “John, Mrs Hudson is home. I should speak with her.”
“I guess I haven’t.”
He could never have imagined it all. He could never have begun to. Begun to hope…
“I have it safe.”
“You withheld evidence.” Lestrade stated.
“A jump” Sherlock confirms quickly.
“Yes,” The word is slow, John’s mind seems to be churning through too many memories: close and inane and big and important and far away and impossible.
He’s a writer.
“And is she the reason you’re…?” John can’t seem to make small talk in the face of the fact that this man remains inches away from a thirty foot drop.
Despite the crowd the man seems to have found a stool and seated himself at the end of the busy bar, an almost empty glass of a clear liquid sitting before him. John takes a moment to assess him: pale face and gunmetal eyes, a kind of ethereal beauty that seems to separate him from the throng.
“He told me,” Vanessa replied.
“Why can’t this be real?” John asks him desperately. “I don’t understand! You’re here, and this has happened. I remember it. You came to the surgery, they threw you out, Mrs Stevens told me you were there. We’re moving to Sussex. How can I know that and still know that this isn’t real?”
“Dr Watson,” She addresses him, still smiling. She has a pleasant, pretty kind of smile that sits nicely with her delicate face and startlingly green eyes.
“She wouldn’t let me see you.”
“You’re still…?” Sherlock asked, wondering quite why he cared.
“It?”
“Oh yes,” Sherlock said bluntly, and John’s ideas were dashed. “Of course, I can only surmise at who that person was before, that other me, the one you saw jump from that rooftop...”
John finds himself momentarily lost without the attention of this peculiar stranger and turns to watch the suburbs of London flash past the window, seeping into the ragged edges of the countryside.
Sherlock moved forward so John wouldn’t have to squint at him, moving past to stand on the lawn.
“You’re a doctor,” Sherlock says in response “An ex-army doctor,”
“If the occasion necessitates.”
“Of course I didn’t.”
“Stop talking like you’re not really hearing what I’m saying Sherlock. ‘
“Good.”
“Just observation.” Sherlock counters.
“She’s not your victim.” John says, still feeling vaguely dazed.
SHERLOCK
I've been told that there are things that I haven’t told you. Things that I should perhaps have said a long time ago. I say “I've been told” because I've never thought it myself. Others have recognised it in me but, as I think I've already said, I was never very good at that. Looking inward has never been a talent of mine; understanding myself. Calling a spade a spade. Or a lover.
Then his beeper goes off.
John read the final lines and looked around him, the feeling akin to resurfacing from a trance.
“He told me it was to save my life.” John remembers faintly.
John looks at him.
They’d been talking for hours. God knows how many.
“Please,” John adds.
John sits up slowly. Looking over at a pale back and a tangle of curls turned away from him.
He can’t help but smile, wondering whether the good humour could be catching.
“I haven’t even hit you yet.” There’s pride in John’s tone.
John feels sick.
Abruptly John stops dancing. Stops moving. His eyes searching something out from the stranger before him. The man looks back with a disconnected air of calm. Unapologetic.
“What John?”
“She knew?”
“The usual way: clues, deductions, some help from Mycroft.”
“We got an ID on the victim,” Said Lestrade the moment that Sherlock picked up the phone.
A response seemed to come almost before he was able to look away from his letter.
“Both.” If Sherlock notices the crude semantics of the question he doesn’t mention it.
If I hadn't met you in the lab that day would I have gone back? To that place I still craved in each breath? Would I have grown tired of not knowing who I was? That world may have been dangerous, but at least I understood myself when I was part of it.
“A case,”
“You still think about it?” Molly asked and John looked up at her,
“Don’t get it.” It sounds vaguely like an order.
“How do you know who I am?” Sherlock asked.
Silence.
“Are we…?” John asked.
“It’s good to see you.” He replies, his voice feeling less rough than before, “How long have I been asleep?”
“A case perhaps?”
“Oh don’t worry,” She starts again brightly, “There’s all sorts round here.” She drops her voice somewhat conspiratorially, “Mrs Turner next door’s got married ones. But there I go getting ahead of myself. Setting you up before I even know your name!”
They meet at a crime scene.
“Not that I can recall...” John’s eyes flash from stranger to doorway, calculating.
“Sore.” John repeats in answer to his question, finding as he does so that it still applies.
“Yes.”
“Who can tell I have a sibling with a drinking problem from my mobile but knows nothing about Hitchcock or finding his way to Scotland?”
“My name, is Sherlock.”
“Would you ask him?” He added, already most of the way to the door, “When he’s well enough?”
Sherlock clears his throat a little, drops his eyes: “Some time.”
The figure on the bed starts speaking again: “Cases don’t work without you.”
“Yes, Mary.” John says as if dreaming up your own spouse is commonplace, “We met in a pub and with Mrs Hudson and in a computer lab. I was there on the rooftop…”
He turned back to Mrs Hudson, putting his phone away.
It was late, but sleep was the furthest thing from his mind, the details of the day still buzzing behind his eyes as he let himself through the be-columned front door and padded across the impossibly plush carpet to the apartment door. He’d already mapped out how the case would be added to his evidence wall; the strings that could be connected, the pins to stick in the right places.
She blushed, rather endearingly, and Lestrade smiled to see that he’d done that to her. Before turning to Sherlock.
They contemplate each other. Sherlock’s face seems less pale now against the faded grey blue of the hospital blanket rather than the deep purple of his shirt.
“Just a few bits,” Mrs Hudson she clarified, when she saw the expectant look in his eyes. He dropped quickly down the stairs and plucked them from the pigeonhole.
“He did?”
Indeterminable seconds tick by as they stare.
A bout of virulent spring flu and some bad luck meant John barely had the capacity to do anything more than get himself home and fed at the end of a shift in the weeks that followed.
“Yes.” A pause, grey blue eyes turned on John. “It’s my fault.” A confession.
John, I…” Sherlock’s tone is as formal as his expression.
“I believed in you.”
“This isn’t real is it?” John asks finally, painfully.
“Why?”
“So where is the note?”
“Just a lot of questions all of a sudden,”
you even thinking?!”
She nods and turns to the pump while John turns back to the stranger.
“Yes?” Sherlock asked,
The search for the MRI department had been harder than John had anticipated and once he’d managed to locate it, his leg had been killing him.
Sherlock pulled the door open.
“I could try and make you understand.”
“He’s good, thanks, I think,” John replied absently, glancing at his menu. “You’ll be able to ask him yourself,” John continued, “Soon,”
“I should…” He said,
“Do they even know you?”
Sherlock realised they’d met before. “Mary,” He said in greeting.
“I guess it would have to be.” Lestrade replied.
Sometimes he looks those pages and has to close his eyes against the memories.
“You’re here about Vanessa?” She asked, no-nonsense, going back to sit behind her desk and waving them to the two seats arranged in front of it.
Sherlock closed his eyes at the words, focussing on the inside of his eyelids as he pressed his hands hard against his trouser pockets. Gathering his thoughts.
“So you sodding well should be,” He says with a low chuckle.
“Yes.” John’s word is slightly strangled. Trust Sherlock to correct this mistake. “Yes, jumps.”  John sighs, “He’s going to look a certain way when that jump is over.”
“You aren’t traveling first class?” John asks.
Sherlock stood and walked away.
A pause.
“Not a fall.”
“Of course,”
He flicked his gaze back to the monitors around John’s head, their rhythmic beeping strangely calming.
SHERLOCK
“Three years ago.”
I haven’t told you how much I miss that look.
Sherlock sits.
John sits again. Time passes.
A breath, three paces and a turn.
“I didn’t know you were working tonight,” John countered when he found his voice.
“Cab,” Sherlock corrected, but Lestrade, having started his morning insulted, was having none of it.
“Even after I said…”
The woman looks abashed for a second. “It wasn’t working for me.” She says meekly.
“Stop calling me ridiculous!” Louder again.
Sherlock steps forward slowly, eyes no longer resting on John’s face but instead on the extended hand. Two paces means he’s close enough to take it, tentatively lacing their fingers together. Then Sherlock sits down in front of him. On the coffee table.
“You’re learning.”
“I wondered…” It was Mary from earlier, here to save him, “Would you be able to…?” She started to ask, motioning over her shoulder back the way she had come. John didn’t allow her to finish,
“Yes that.”
John hummed distractedly in response,
Sherlock remained where he was, regarding him coolly.
“Sherlock has been with you since you came in Dr Watson,” The doctor offers, as if you reassure. It doesn’t work,
“Why is that?”
“And how did he arrive?” John asks, he has to raise his voice above the noises the man is making.
John swallows. Aware the voice at the other end of the line is still talking but unable to hear a word.
“And the other doctor?”
“Yes,” A tentative reply on the stranger’s part.
“You guess?”
“Did it work?”
“I’ll get the nurse to bring you a blanket.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Sherlock took a moment to survey it all. The room was large, the furniture sparse; just an old sofa against one wall and the desk; sitting beneath the two large windows facing out to Baker Street. He decided he approved of the wallpaper.
“Yeah.”
“Of course we were.”
“Model,” John corrects.
“Usual interesting: locked room, no sign of forced entry.”
“I’m glad you called,” She said with a smile as they took a seat at a quiet table in the corner of the pub. It was different to the place he usually frequented with Mike, more upmarket, a bit further from the hospital. He tried to tell himself that he’d chosen it because he was trying to impress her, but in reality he’d knew it was because he was unlikely to run into anyone he knew.
“I’m not badgering,” Sherlock repeats his earlier defence.
“It was necessary that you believe.”
“You won’t see me again.” Sherlock’s words sound like a threat.
“Sherlock is leaving,” His date tells him pleasantly. The scene seems to have continued on while John was no longer a player in it.
“You were there, at your funeral.” John continues “You were there after. At your grave…”
“You do seem to like inviting yourself to things.” She pointed out.
“Right.” John settles in close.
“You have been busy.” Sherlock remarked.
“What do people normally say?”
“I’ve seen a lot of people die,” John breaks the silence. Four feet and books and papers and notes and Mrs Hudson’s nice wood floor and experience.
“But you’re back.” He says simply. “And you picked your moment. But you found me.”
“How long?”
“Yes.”
“I was surprised.”
“No.” John took another swig, “Here… I guess it feels a little like everything is gradually passing me by. Everyone seems so happy with their lots: little jobs, little lives, little families, little friends. I can’t understand it. I mean imagine! A pretty house in the ‘burbs with 2.4 kids and a wife who works in finance!” John barked a laugh, “I couldn’t do it. Honestly. I don’t know what I’d do if they decided they didn’t want me out there anymore.” A pause, “Go quietly insane probably.”
“You remember?” Sherlock seems surprised at the amount of detail.
“I’m an idiot.” John states simply, then pauses, expecting a response but not getting one. “I shouldn’t have… I…” John starts with his usual eloquence, “I’m sorry.” He finishes.
John had had many things on the tip of his tongue to say about “Just being in the area,” and just “Calling by to see how you were doing.” But none of them were necessary. Instead he allowed himself to be herded inside, barely speaking a word as he followed her through to that cosy front room, the comfort blanket of her chatter immediately soothing away the dark thoughts of the days before.
“I’m not afraid of Doctor Price,” Sherlock says, with rather an air of a grown up child.
“Good to see you,” She smiled as he came closer, opening her arms for him. Moving into them briefly John found himself surrounded by the comforting scent of her perfume.
“You… What?”
The attendant smiles at him, a pleasant, pretty kind of smile that sits nicely with her delicate face and startlingly green eyes, before pushing her trolley away from them.
“He folded pretty quickly on the confession front though.” Lestrade continued, ignoring Sherlock’s snark “Sounds like our vic’ was trying his best to push his brother out of the business.”
John looks back at the chart he’s been handed on his way into the room. Yes. Stupid. The moment his beautiful dream had been shattered by his monotone alarm at some god-forsaken hour this morning he’d known that today couldn’t possibly be a good one.
“Wasting police time!” Sherlock cried.
Sherlock says nothing. John knows better than to expect a response from stating the obvious.
Sherlock shifted from one foot to the other and Moriarty snapped his head back up. He rose to his feet, tweaking at his tailored trousers and taking a single step forward toward Sherlock.
“I…” John thought for a second as he followed, then drew a blank. “Ok, granted, I can’t remember…”
“What are you drinking?” John asks him, taking the seat and attempting to catch the barmaid’s eye again.
“Well,” John repeats.
“John!” A voice behind him calls abruptly, “John Watson!”
“No.” Mr Osborne said firmly.
“Upstairs,” Sherlock repeats and then retreats.
John has gone far away in his mind again. Sherlock stands in patient silence.
“She needed a bed.” Sherlock offers.
Her face is a picture of confusion. Innocence. Not the face of a lady who’s seen life after death.
“Exactly.”
Would Sherlock have really said those things to him?
“Does it have to be someone else?” She followed up thoughtfully, “I mean, am I explaining 2010 to someone else? Or could it be to myself?”
“What is it?” He asked the nearest officer with authority, flashing his ID.
“You’re insane.” Sherlock forced the words through his lips,
“She’s not available,” The receptionist told them curtly.
Sherlock smiled.
“No, I don’t.”
“Too long.” Sherlock cuts him off. “Longer than I’d hoped.”
“Of course it was wrong.” John counters “I didn’t think there was any arguing against that.”
“No,” John replies bluntly. “But it might… come back,” He feels the need to reassure this stranger. “Memory loss after trauma is often temporary.”
“I need to speak to that journalist.” He demanded, poking savagely at the page on the desk. “And the detective in charge of the case. Amateurs! The case is clearly linked! How many more have we missed!?” Sherlock had had some time stuck in the back of a black cab to work himself into peak rage.
Sherlock is obviously as surprised by it as John is, he doesn’t respond.
“I’m sorry,” John starts slowly, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“No,” John agrees slowly, “I guess it isn’t.”
“Beer, in the fridge.” Sherlock repeats, not looking up.
“Yes,”
it.” Sherlock counters.
“Not on this case,” Lestrade confirmed.
Then a noise, above him, ringing loudly in the silence of the house: a thump and something that sounded like the click of a sole on a floorboard. John’s eyes raised slowly to the ceiling above his head.
“You did?” He asked, feigning interest but knowing it was exactly the kind of inconsequential detail that he would have deleted immediately
“Quite.”
“It seems easier than to referring to you as ‘the jumper’ in my head.”
“And you were warm.” John affirms, fingers moving slightly, tracing patterns on that tiny patch of Sherlock he is currently clinging to. Remembering.
“A ladder?”
“Somewhere, subconsciously. You do.”
“Indirectly,” Lestrade continues, “If Mary has indeed been taken by the same person or people that were involved in the other disappearances…” He looks up to Sherlock as if for confirmation, none is provided, “Then, possibly,” Another pause, “Yes.”
John and Lestrade stare after him.
“I do?” Sherlock seems genuinely surprised.
“Say something Sherlock.” John asks, this time with a note of desperation.
“Someone close to our victim,” Sherlock was already bored.
John blinked at the page. It was exactly what he’d wanted Sherlock to say after that last letter.
He presses a button at random: “Thank you,” He says out loud, hoping it will transmit.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s response.
“As soon as we can make the arrangements.” Sherlock replies assuredly.
As usual, if you're interested in keeping up to date with other bits and pieces I'll be uploading, including a possible new idea I have at the drawing board stage, I keep everything updated on my tumblr blog, find me under Qalets.
He sighed dramatically and set the computer aside, springing to his feet.
“No.”
“Better than caring too little.”
Attention completely shifted he pulls from John’s grasp and untangles himself from the sofa, moving instead to stand in the middle of the room. John watches him go.
The patient offers a nod in response.
“And after I told you such wonderful things about her…” Angelo continues gloomily to Sherlock,
“Then, who said anything about flatmates?” John asks the stranger instead.
“A…?” John starts, bewildered.
From the doorway Sherlock turned back, Lestrade was standing over the body scribbling furiously in his notebook.
“But you did.”
John falters.
“So,” Lestrade said in summation after a few moments of silence.
John has to tear his eyes from him. “You already said that.”
“Then how did you …?” John asks, turning back to him.
“Have you spoken to the brother?” Sherlock asks unexpectedly as she leaves.
“Hm?”
“No.” John stops him, not wanting to hear more. “No I…” He stops. “God, I… God.”
“Yes,” John pauses, “I’m a doctor.”
It was late and the lights in the room were turned low, an allowance made presumably to allow the patient to rest, though it was negated by the noise the monitors made in their constant vigil.
“I’m tired.” Sherlock says.
“That nice policeman perhaps?”
“You knew that and yet you still did that.”
“No,”
“I don’t know!” He tells him, turning back. Scared. “I met you in a café.” He continues, “Before my first tour.”
John’s hands are on the other man’s clothes now. Fingers tearing at a dark shirt, clinging at the smooth skin it reveals as he wrings it from his body. Sherlock is no less idle, attempting to pull the hem of John’s t-shirt over his head without breaking their bruising kiss. Their breath is short, hands roaming, cotton and denim and fingers and tongues. Of lost moments and longing and frustration and pain.
As he hears his name the man looks over to them languidly, causing Angelo to make a beckoning motion in his direction.
The kiss is fleeting, soft. A summation of everything that has gone before, John pulls back almost immediately to search out Sherlock’s eyes again, seeking affirmation.
“It means you have reached your destination.” Sherlock says as the last words of the announcement die away.
“It’s just a bed.”
“She was never in any danger,” Sherlock assured him, smiling slightly, “There were more officers here that morning than there were left at New Scotland Yard. I made sure of it.”
This man isn’t Sherlock. This man is Moran. This man is dangerous.
“Oh I can tell you his name, not one you forget in a hurry. It was Sherlock Holmes.”
“Where?” John rather means it as a rhetorical question.
“Does anyone really know you Sherlock?” John asks,
“Yes, nevermind that.”
“It’s serious?” She said, her stare levelled up at him.
“But I was part of your subconscious?”
“How did you know about Afghanistan?” John can’t help but ask.
“I’ve been working to come back.” Sherlock looks away, toward the window.
Lockdown does wonders for your word count!
“Why?” It’s Sherlock’s version of a time out. Like John’s tea.
“Three weeks.”
“And for how much longer am I to have the pleasure of your sunshine in the morning?” Mycroft asked, his back to him,
“You do?” Sherlock asked, falling into step beside him,
Sherlock’s voice in the room, the words from a dream. John has to close his mouth around his reply, knocked of kilter for a moment. At some point this might stop happening: reality reflecting dreams reflecting reality.
“Took your time,” Inspector Lestrade called by way of greeting as Sherlock stepped from the cab.
Or even, bring John back to him.
“I discovered it myself only minutes ago.”
John tries again: “What should I tell them?”
Sherlock glares at the man in response as he turns away to check the tickets of the passengers behind them. John can barely suppress his laughter:
Returning to Baker Street is like returning to a fantasy.
John looked up from the page at the beautiful old church, the sign outside indeed advertising “Afternoon Tea for Two” in the old crypt. He could hear the scorn his correspondent would have heaped on the advertisement as if he were standing beside him. The urge to turn and offer him a smile in return was almost overwhelming.
“Because…?”
“Yes.”
They watch each other from two paces apart. Still moving to the music. John is aware of a hand on his own shoulder but he doesn’t turn to assess the owner, instead he moves with it and finds a stranger’s body pressed up against his back: a strong chest and muscular legs and obvious arousal grinding against his behind. It’s on the edge of the explicit but somehow the intimacy with which that distant stranger is watching is more sexual, more honest than any dry humping with a faceless dance partner. As John stares back the man’s full lips draw together, his tongue darting out to wet them and John’s breath hitches. He’s disentangled himself from the grinder’s grip in an instant, stepping forward.
“Yes.” John says, confidently.
“Yes,” Sherlock.
“And what did she tell you?” Lestrade asked, agitated.
“Wait…”
“And how long have you been afraid of Doctor Price?”
He couldn’t have. Could he?
Sherlock and Lestrade exchanged a glance as he pushed open the door.
“But because he was dead it was necessary that you died?”
“You’re unattached, like me.”
“Whatever you say.”
“And it’s been very confusing, complicated and vaguely awkward speaking with you,” John repeats with a smile. Sherlock matches it slowly.
“Right.”
Sherlock pauses for a moment before replying: “Yes,”
“No, you’re not.”
A red scarf.
“The reason you’re going out?”
“Post case. Lying low.”
His head was pounding, his stride shortening. He’d thought this change of scenery would be good for him, back to medicine; the routine of patients and paperwork and not quite knowing what the next chart would have in store for him.
“Just returned from a business trip to India, very successful by the looks of things. Coffee lover. Recent break up with his long-term boyfriend. Interest in ornithology. Keen gardener but hasn’t had enough time to enjoy it recently with all the bad weather we’ve been having. Left handed.” Sherlock rattled off,
Another pause, they appraise each other silently, seconds tick by.
“Yes. And not just to get away from Dr Osborne.”
“Yes actually.” Lestrade looked back at him. “I have plans.”
“I didn’t expect you to be so specific.” John says.
“She was kind enough to show me the way.” Sherlock replied, deciding not to comment on it.
“So two hours means…” And even as John starts the sentence he is interrupted by the same toneless female voice over the train loudspeaker, announcing their imminent arrival at Leeds.
“Are you going to tell me it?”
“Why?”
“Sherlock,” Sherlock corrects, taking it, “Good to meet you too, John,” But suddenly his smile fades, his cool fingers around John’s tightening as he steps forward to drop his face close to John’s ear. “John,” He says again, this time in a voice that is more intimate than a stranger’s should be, “Can you hear me?”
“You haven’t blown your nose.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Vanessa Stephens?” Lestrade asked the woman on the front desk, “Your company represents her?”
“Well, yes, but nothing too bad.”
“And you are?” She was smiling, but understandably cautious.
“But you know now?”
“Lucky guess.” John’s not feeling very polite any more, still shaken from the call.
“Yes?” Sherlock asked tentatively, it sounded like the beginning of a bad joke,
“Nothing.” He replied quickly, then smiled.
“Don’t tell me it was some sort of experiment.”
“You had time to see the engraving?” John asks, remembering those moments before as he handed over the phone.
“Thank you,” Lestrade replied automatically, his eyes moving between the pair. He was as unwilling as Sherlock to leave the scene playing out between them, but seemingly had no choice. He turned the way he’d been directed, collecting Sherlock and shooting him a glance.
John’s voice seems to continue speaking well after he wishes he could keep the thoughts back.
“Is that a Sherlock way of saying he told them we were a couple?”
They meet in a hospital.
“You were?”
And he kissed him.
“Call me when you have someone I can talk to,” Sherlock said as he swept from the room.
“I can see,” Sherlock’s reply was quiet.
Sherlock returns to his pacing.
“Who did?” Sherlock asked quickly. Again she stayed silent.
“Actions speak louder and all that...?” John supplies.
“Hallucination? A drug then? In the sugar.”
“It’s…?” John starts, eyes darting back and forth as he processes these words. “I don’t understand. Are you saying…?” He pauses, “Do you mean I made you come up here?”
He strode off.
I haven’t told you about the warmth of your touch, how lost I'm without it. Like pining for home.
Without access to the pigeonhole it was fruitless. John was further away from him now than he had been when he’d been touring Afghanistan. And he was staying in Sherlock’s old rooms.
“What’s your name?” Sherlock asks. Again John is surprised by his question.
“But you never have.”
Sherlock has sunk into the background while the doctor has been checking John over, trying, rather uncharacteristically, to become as small and unobtrusive as possible. John wonders whether this is some sort of behavioural conditioning created over time, it smacks of previous occasions when his disruptive nature has got him chastised or even removed.  John then wonders how many other times there had been.
“He’s a she?” Lestrade asks.
“Yes, “
“The Science of Deduction.”
SHERLOCK
Sherlock was holding John’s hand now to stop himself reaching for his face, to stop him smoothing John’s too-long hair across his temple or tracing those worry lines across his forehead.
“What do you mean?”
“What dear?” Her voice, at the doorway.
“You thought,” John continues. “You thought I knew…”
They meet in a bar.
“You’re not Lestrade,” He told her in response, ignoring the question. He was at least decent; this was his second best dressing gown.
Sherlock took it.
“Why are you all the way over there?” John says slowly in response, putting his beer down on the table in front of him so he can hold out his hand.
“It rather backfired.”
“Look,” John starts, but comes up short, “God, are you crying?” He asks instead, brotherly concern beginning to trump sibling rivalry.
John is standing on a street corner. He can’t remember why he’s here.
“You could let me hit you.” John counters.
John is breathing too hard.
John watched them idly. Wondering at what he learnt about his friend and considering what she could have lost. Inevitably, with thoughts of loss, his thoughts turned to Sherlock.
“Go home,” Lestrade sighed, suddenly overcome with exhaustion, “I have paperwork to do.”
“Let me get you your coat,”
“Sure,” She beamed.
Sherlock’s eyes flick up to John’s:
John noticed and smiled; Sherlock ducked his gaze.
“You’re going back?” Sherlock asked. Where were these questions coming from?
Something alien. Beneath his fingers. Pushed down between the sofa cushions.
“Rather text,” The stranger says blankly.
“Yes.” He confirms “And we may just continue to do so until I believe it.”
“That doesn’t start with M,”
“What happened to them?” John asked for her,
SHERLOCK
Thank you so much for all the support!
“I’m sorry?” Mycroft asked in surprise. Whether it was at the fact that his brother was there, that he was eating or that he was attempting to communicate wasn’t clear. Maybe it was all three.
“Of course it’s agreeable.” John exhales slowly. “It’s good to know.”
“No,” Sherlock admits.
“It’s just,” John starts again, a rabbit hole he’d had no intention of falling down, “Now I’m wondering.” John continues haltingly, “I’m getting married. And you don’t know.” A pause. “I guess that’s because I’ve never said. It’s probably the beer talking, but I guess there’s something. I should say. I mean, I’ve meant to say it. Well, always. And then never have.”
“You said we were friends.” John summaries, “Three years ago. We lost touch…”
Finally he could stand it no longer, raising his eyes to the pigeonhole.
“The case of you.”
“But it was nice to meet you,” John stepped forward towards him, hand outstretched.
needed him? The work had seemingly been just fine before John had found some magical wormhole into the past and started sending letters through it.
John blinks at this.
The memories seem to be crowding into the room around them:
“Yes,” Mrs Hudson says before John gets chance to open his mouth. “John and I have been having a nice chat.” A smile, she’s looking at John: “It’s so lovely to have him back, isn’t it Sherlock?”
“That was… amazing,” John can’t help but say,
“What do you mean?” She took a bite from her sandwich before laying it back on her plate. Thankfully not resting on an examination table, but on the edge of her desk, set in a corner of the mortuary, the room around them empty.
“Doctor Watson,” Lestrade starts in what John assumes is his police voice,
“Did… I…?” He wants to ask but can’t find the words.
“Since you died. You had to know how much that was going to hurt, Sherlock. Hurt me.”
“Only you knew that. He was dead.”
He was met by an almost embarrassingly enthusiastic man with a dark beard.
“Well yeah, no argument, just…” He wavered, “The timing was wrong.”
“Where did you find the card?”
Another pause.
“I could stay?” Sherlock suggested, without quite engaging his brain.
“I don’t.”
John stands. Tripping a few paces away, eyes fixed on the figure sitting on the familiar coffee table, surrounded by the mundane. Scaring him.
“I assume nothing arose of consequence?”
“None… have…?” John isn’t really sure he wants to say the question out loud.
“I’ve given you a glimpse, Sherlock,” Moriarty started, “Just a teensy glimpse of what I’ve got going on out there in the big bad world...”
Sherlock didn’t say anything. Lestrade stared back at him in pantomime expectancy.
“That he should die?”
Abruptly Sherlock moved forward in his crouch, using the evidence bag he still held in his left hand to flick the edge of the lab coat back into place across the victim’s front. An ID was pinned to the pocket: NHS issue, laminated and bearing the image of Doctor Molly Hooper.
Sherlock’s eyebrows rise, his gaze shifting back to the handle of the cane just visible beside John’s leg. John nods minutely; glad he doesn’t have to say it out loud.
It’s early in the morning. John finds himself adrift amid the tide of passengers pouring along the platform at Kings Cross. A cross-section of the London population: every shape and age and size, they insert themselves messily into the neat chair-sized spaces on the awaiting carriages.
“I haven’t enquired about the specifics.”
A pause.
“You know that?” Sherlock asks again, a disconnected voice.
But what he finds isn’t the face that he leant in to kiss. Sherlock has closed down, every feature guarded. John has seen this Sherlock before: cool, calm, professional. This is the Sherlock that meets clients, solves cases, navigates a confusing social world of human nature that he often doesn’t quite understand.
“Kidnapper!?” John asks,
“Yeah, that guy. The one chatting you up in the garden.”
“You can’t possibly know that.” John looked at him.
“Who’d have thought?” John replies with a smile.
“Sherlock, this is Doctor Molly Hooper, she’s a pathologist in the morgue here,”
“Bored.”
“Yes, did you not wonder where they were before?”
They meet at a fair.
“Really?” Lestrade asked in shock,
“Ranting, raving, unresponsive.” Mycroft continues, infuriatingly calm. He pauses, sighing: “I don’t mean to be callous Sherlock,”
“Erm, yes,” And the room is fuller still for the figure of Sherlock, who has left John in the doorway to move in front of him, whirling this way and that: “I’ve not… Been here... A great deal,” He says as he busies himself: cane handed back to John, union jack pillow rehomed from floor to chair, haphazard pile of books retrieved from the carpet, five empty tea mugs rescued from their mysterious hiding places around the room. John watches him carry them through to the kitchen.
“You do?”
“So you’re?”
“It’s,” John looks at him for a moment, before realising this man isn’t faking it, “It’s a film?”
“Of course,” She turned, “Just pull the door behind you when you go won’t you?” Her thoughts were already with Mrs S.
“What are you thinking about the case, Sherlock?”
“Yes, it feels… right.”
“Get down here then.”
“Of course I won’t be needing two bedrooms.” He answered, moving back past her, his attention caught, not by her but by the doorway behind her.
“What happened?”
“So why talk to me?”
She took a seat beside him, spreading her hands very carefully on the surface of the table in front of her before she spoke.
“Counted.” Sherlock finishes for him. Not what John was about to say.
“You see everything?” John asks.
“I see your insomnia doesn’t improve your manners,” His brother acknowledged, moving past him to his space-age coffee machine and placing the few things he’d been carrying on the countertop between them.
“Yes,” Sherlock’s voice is little more than a purr.
“Mrs Hudson won’t be happy with you.”
“Why?”
“Planning your escape route?”
“Yes.” A pause, Sherlock considers his words. “If that is agreeable?”
“More drinks?” He asks, more to cover up his lack of understanding than anything else.
“Your friends…” Sherlock says at last, eyes flicking across the room.
“What?” Lestrade asked.
“No,” Is all he can think of to say in response.
Then something occurred to him. He pulled back, releasing her.
“I think I surprised your brother,” John tells Sherlock when it becomes too loud.
“Don’t let me interrupt.” John says hoarsely, testing the edges of his throat with the words.
Her smile fades.
“I must have forgotten it.”
“Yes,” Lestrade interjects, glaring at Sherlock, “I’m sorry, we realise that. Sherlock thinks that her disappearance may be one in a line of similar events.”
When he comes back moments later it’s with the promised blanket and a battered plastic chair. He spreads the former over the huddled figure on the bed, setting the chair beside him, close to his face.
“My loss, I’m sure.” Sherlock offers to them all, a smile still tugging at his eyes.
“They’ve been arrested?”
“You…” John’s voice rasped on the single word, then failed to produce anything else.
The man nods his thanks, whirling his long coat around him as he turns briskly and follows the path John has indicated.
“I made you see what you knew you would.”
“I did?”
Then abruptly something shifts: a tone, a feeling, an aura of something not quite in the room. John feels disconcertingly like some unseen finger has pressed the pause button.
“Harry,” John’s greeting is resolute.
“Time you showed your face?”
“I’ll be fine.”
“I’m not good at that.”
“Yes.”
John shoots him a look: “Do I need to?”
Did he break them?
“You said that at the time.”
“And back to normal?” John asks,
“Who told you it’s my birthday?” Sherlock beamed.
That night, he wrote his reply.
Pleasantries were exchanged, well wishes given and minutes later John was safely standing outside on the pavement. He barely made it three paces from the front door before he had the letter out and was reading it.
“Yeah,” Lestrade laughed, “Dr Hooper, the one from the morgue.”
But he can’t move forward quickly enough, the air around him thick and viscous. He can only watch in horror as the familiar figure of a stranger spreads his arms wide.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” He asks, out of the blue.
Turning instinctively in a familiar bed to reassure himself. A cloud of dark curls rests on the pillow beside him.
“How long have you been working up to that?” John asks.
“You asked me.” Sherlock states.
“So?” Sherlock asks, his warm living weight pressed all along John’s side. They’re both looking upward, studying the grey distance of John’s ceiling.
He wrote.
“But…” John was absolutely lost, his brain tracking the details in circles behind his eyes.
“You broke them.” Sherlock accuses again.
After the excitement of the connection things had gone no further. Mr Osborne did indeed have an alibi for Sheila Lay’s time of death. He was also clueless, or a better actor than Steve Redcar, about where the calling card had come from.
“It’s not definite.”
He isn’t wearing any shoes.
“You didn’t tell the nurses that?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Don’t tell me,” She waved a hand at him to halt whatever he was about to say, “You’d tell past John all about this great new friend you’ve made that likes to hang out with dead people,”
“Why do you say that?”
“We’ll write,” Said the third man dramatically, a hand on his heart in a mockery of a lovelorn sweetheart being left behind.
Of course. The man on the roof, the man on the pavement. It had been Sherlock. It explained why he hadn’t shown at Angelo’s, the reason that Molly and Greg no longer spoke.
“Don’t be ridiculous," It’s Sherlock speaking, his words sharp with the extra edge of petulance he uses only when he’s talking to his brother. “I’m telling you,”
“Am… Am I going to make it?”  The patient asked uncertainly.
He’d never understood the purpose or necessity of it anyway.
“But you found the card with the victim? It was with him when he died?”
“Work.” John said suddenly. “I’m on shift…”
“You know me?” John asks.
John makes the note.
“Yeah, I…” John had no idea what to say, “A little,”
“Happy Valentine’s, John.” She was still smiling, “I figured since I’m sure you have some exciting and elaborate things planned with Mary for dinner,” She continued to chat away sweetly, “Then I’d get to take up your time at lunch…”
“Not for long.” John replies “What about you?”
“An impasse?” She repeated properly.
“Regularly,”
“What’s new about this one?” Sherlock continues, “You wouldn’t have called if there wasn’t something different.”
“You are a wounded ex-army doctor on route to visit his sick mother; you do not fit the profile of a serial axe murderer.”
“You haven’t…”
’ you said that.”
“I have it all,” Sherlock cuts him off.
“Really?” John asks Lestrade,
“Yes.” John nods, once, remembering, “I could see the police lights. She had pink hair.”
“No, I’m beginning to understand that. I think. Bizarrely.”
“A sister.” John said finally. “We aren’t very close.”
to me!” Moran’s anger is sudden and dramatic. John is suddenly overwhelmed with the sickening smell of chlorine, “If you want to play games with me Dr Watson,” Moran continues, words like ice, “I’m happy to oblige. I learnt from the best.”
“Well then. Why’s that? Nice young man like you. Caring. A doctor! I’d have thought you have them lined up down the street. But you’re seeing someone?”
He cracked open the cover,
He opens his eyes, looking back at the figure sitting silently before him. Sherlock is staring straight ahead, focusing on something over John’s shoulder, pale eyes open but unseeing.
dun, dun, dun....
“Not anymore.” John replied bluntly and Molly laughed.
Mike sighs “And what’s wrong with the landline?”
Thank you all for your kind support for this little story, I'm going to try and start updating it a little more often now that I have more to post.
“John,” Sherlock doesn’t say his name again.
“You made a threat on their lives.
“You’ve been reading the papers.”
“You couldn’t?” John asks,
“You’ve told me again and again you only want to be involved with the interesting cases,” Lestrade said, frustrated. “Believe me, nothing interesting about this one: bloke murdered over money, dodgy investment deals. We’ve got plenty of leads and we’re pursuing them.” He looked down at the paper again. “But…” He picked the paper up, “Who are they kidding with that headline…?”
“They never came to see you...” The admission petered out.
“And by that you’re implying?” John asked.
“I couldn’t leave her outside,” The patient replies a matter-of-factly.
What had he been thinking?
John had said that. Or had he? Had he just dreamt it?
“Have you two done arguing semantics?” Lestrade’s voice breaks in to their discussion. They both turn to look at him.
“Yes,”
“You were pretty wound up when you came in.”
The cab pulled up to the curb. Sherlock was up and out the moment it stopped, pausing only to hand far too much cash to the waiting cabbie and rushing through the doors into the confusing web of hospital hallways.
“Why?” John asks.
“No, she doesn’t drive. I walked, she took the tube.”
“To my parents, yes, you couldn’t deduce it.”
Sherlock’s perpetual petulance at everything his brother said to him had begun to ease over the last few months, but habits were hard to break.
“She knew.”
John goes on. “What I’m trying to say is; I know what death looks like. And it was you. Lying there. On the pavement. Covered in blood. I saw that. Do you have any idea how often I see that?”
“Merry Christmas Gideon,” He said instead, pushing himself away from the wall and walking away.
“Sorry?” John asked.
“Keep up John.”
There is actual hurt in Sherlock’s face as he says this.
He hoped it was enough
Sherlock doesn’t look convinced.
Then he hangs up.
“The reason for your visit?”
“Yes,” Sherlock passed the desk again, right to left. “No one else seemed to think it was important.”
“You’re nothing like me.” Sherlock replied levelly.
” you said. You had no idea!”
Mycroft checked his watch. “As a matter of fact…” He moved toward the door,
“You’ve been out some time though,” The stranger continues, “The fact that you’ve kept the haircut and your choice of friends…” The stranger nods to them vaguely, “Clearly ex-military. Tells me you miss it. You didn’t leave out of choice.”
“And once she’d served her purpose?” Sherlock asked.
“Yes.”
“You’re not part of something here?”
“Don’t be. It was a perfectly viable deduction.”
Another stiff pause. They contemplate each other.
“Yes.”
“Even while I am, everything I am with you.”
“Yes, it was almost a week ago.”
“You care too much,” Sherlock states calmly.
“And good luck with the consulting detective thing.”
“Yes.” John says slowly.
“Claimed no knowledge,”
“What are you doing here?” A low rumble of a voice asks, so calmly it takes John by surprise.
“Obviously,” Molly laughed, as John shook his head.
“And I’m not gay,” John added, almost as an afterthought.
“No.” The man says firmly, pale eyes narrowed.
Sherlock.
It’s a nice little place, John decides, threading his way between the tables behind his date. The décor is simple, the atmosphere warm and friendly. It had been her recommendation that they get a reservation here; she’d told him it was one of her favourites. John thinks he must have walked past the front a hundred times without looking inside.
“But you’re not the old you, are you?” Moriarty’s words were thoughtful.
“I’m merely pointing out the efficiency of using wheeled transport rather than relying upon your significantly reduced mobility,” Sherlock explains,
“I’m not talking literally.” There’s ghost of a smile. “I’m saying the part of my mind that wanted me to come back looked like you.”
“Yes.”
He held it firmly by the back of the head, staring into the blank pits of eye sockets. He’d not realised it was still with his things, assumed it had been discarded when those thugs had boxed up his belongings all those months ago.
“More than I should probably admit to you, as a doctor I mean.” John continues. “Certainly more than my fair share.”
“What about you?” She asked,
“Moran,” The man offers.
“I ordered an MRI, stat?” John asked.
“I could get used to this,” John tells him with a smile.
“Happy Birthday!” She said simultaneously.
“What’s why you’re so interesting.” Sherlock references himself.
“A therapist?”
“Four weeks, three days.”
Sherlock halted, time stretching out vertiginously before him.
“It’s not cheating, it’s observation”.
“You were gone for four days, did you know that?” She asks.
There were a few beats of silent stalemate.
“No, I told you that.”
“I’m sure it was. As far as these things can be meant politely.”
“Have a thing for a limp?”
“It is?”
“Don’t be dramatic.” Sherlock screwed up his face, “I called first.”
“Do you like it?” Sherlock is obviously making an effort,
“Yes.” Sherlock agreed, “I’m a friend,”
“Who?” Sherlock answers distractedly.
She looked at him like he was an imbecile. He looked back at her in much the same way.
John continues to stare ahead, processing.
“He died, I lived.”
“I don’t remember dear,” She replied distractedly, moving to go back inside, “But if there was anything I would’ve put it in its place.”
“I don’t have any of those details for her, old fashioned phone will have to do. I’m sending some officers around to her last known address today.”
“So you think…?” John starts, turning to him.
“Not that you remember them,” She was still teasing,
“You…?”
He should remember that making tea is now only a one mug process.
He’d come back from the dead.
“A threat has been made on your life.” He said clearly and plainly, looking her directly in the eye.
“And did you believe he killed his partner?”
“Is that a failing?”
“They helped you?”
“Emotions, feelings.”
“You’re unpredictable.” John says,
“You have to...” He started, but she wouldn’t let him finish.
“Yeah, I know,” The man claiming to be Stamford gestures to himself with a sheepish grin, “I got fat.”
John can only gape.
“You’ve not been to see me…” She chastised playfully as they pulled apart,
“No, I…” She started to explain again. Then stopped, turning slowly to narrow her eyes at him. “Greg hasn’t sent you has he?”
“Yes.”
But if they were both in London... John thought, then he picked up his pen.
“That would be me.” Lestrade said, sitting back in his chair and crossing his arms in defiance of Sherlock’s ire.
“So that’s it?” John asks surprised.
He sighs. What should he think now?
“By doing…” John gestures wildly, taking in the two of them, his bag, his cane, his phone. “By doing, all that?”
“…I’m not.” John replies, not quite believing the words himself.
“Remembering,” He said.
“Stop it!” John’s voice is louder. Anger again. “Stop that. Stop talking about it as if it’s something clever that you did Sherlock! The “cause and effect”, the details. The little things that made me think what I wanted to believe. I didn’t want to believe that Sherlock! I didn’t want to believe the person that meant the most to me in the world had done that. Done that to himself!”
“When you…?” Sherlock asks.
“Stimulating?” John asks.
“Yeah, it’s…” He started to say ‘strange’, but realised the descriptor, however true, would only generate more questions, “It’s early.”
“Oh?” John was impressed by how casual he managed to sound despite the wars occurring in his mind.
“Oh?”
“I should go,” John says.
“Don’t ask too many questions, John,” Sherlock whispered, moving in close. “I find the whole thing makes much more sense if you don’t think about it too hard.”
“I guess.”
Sherlock breaks their kiss long enough for his hands to find the hem of John’s jumper, pulling it up and over John’s head in one smooth motion. Now just in rumpled shirt John finds himself pushed back onto the sofa behind him.
“Probably my answer has crossed yours.” The familiar man says coolly, voice deep and thick.
Sherlock isn’t past tense. He’s present.
“But, the blood.”
“Yes,” John, lost in thought again, looks back at her “Yes, thank you Mrs Hudson.”
There was another knock.
“Vodka, Sherlock. Normal people call it vodka.”
Silence.
Sherlock steps forward slightly. Long legs fitting between John’s knees and John sits forward to him, tentatively reaching up to run the flats of his palms against a pale stomach, his rough hands commonplace against the elegance. For some reason he’d expected his skin to be cold. It’s not. It’s like fire.
“Cut to it,” Sherlock wasn’t in the mood. “Is there a card?”
Lestrade looks back over at Sherlock, John forgotten again. “So you think?” Lestrade asks,
“A good guess,”
“Won’t what?”
“You’re tired…” Sherlock notices, tensing again to move away.
But John is already moving forward toward it, acting like nothing is wrong, acting like he is in control. “It’ll be my receptionist.” He says, unsure whether he believes this or not. “She’d only call if it’s important.”
And then his fingers touch something.
“You didn’t speak,” Sherlock’s accusation.
“How is he?” Sherlock asked, somewhat unimaginatively, as they walked away together.
They’re interrupted again, this time by the ticket inspector; a bear of a man who seems to struggle to fit himself down the aisle of the train.
Perhaps this was the key, he thought to himself, John had always been the key. What would John say?
John struggles to surface from the sensation. Fails to form coherent thought.
A pause.
“I don’t…” John didn’t recall.
“You changed everything.” Sherlock replied straightforwardly.
“Yes.”
“Exactly.” Sherlock.
“Dr Watson,” The doctor cuts in.
Only one small group remained waiting there, halfway along the concourse beside the idling train. One figure stood out as Sherlock moved toward them, standing in the centre of the three other men, wearing army fatigues and a bashful smile.
Sherlock sighed, offered no response.
“You are nowhere close to solving the case of me.”
“You were making eyes at the waitress.”
“If that’s what you chose to take from all this,” Sherlock’s gaze is almost threatening,
“Hm,” John is full of smooth sleep, not words.
“Another slice of cake?” Mrs Hudson asked, her tone trying for expectant, but John got the impression he was being hurried along.
“Then you’ll write me another.”
“You’ve spoken to the lodger?” Sherlock asked instead, ignoring the pleasantries and leaping to the correct conclusion regarding her introduction into the conversation.
“He enjoyed playing with your mind.” Sherlock says heavily, tensing his jaw with suppressed emotion, “He tortured you.” Tenser still. “He knew my appearance had created confusion, he played on that. He played with you.”
“I’m back.”
“You wouldn’t, I’m the only one in the world.” Sherlock says,
“I’m not sure.”
“Oh, there’s Karen, I should go say hi,”
“If you’d let me explain,”
“You expected that. You expected that I’d feel that way.”
The shoes still suddenly.
“Yes.” Sherlock.
“Quite frankly, she was a bit of a slut.”
“Don’t tell me you already worked it out.” Lestrade huffed, “You need to share these things, I could arrest you for wasting police time.”
In front of them the body of a young woman lay face up in the grey mud of the Thames, eyes staring blankly to the sky. She was dressed in a pale jumper, floral apron and white lab coat, the strange ensemble completed with a dark blue scarf almost the exact replica of the one currently wound around Sherlock’s neck.
“Who does?” John asks somewhat rhetorically,
John stared at her, open mouthed, at a total loss for what to say.
“What makes you think it’s interesting?” Lestrade asked.
“No,”
“But how…”
They meet in a hospital.
“That’s four words.”
Something like relief trickles back into John’s limbs. He can think of only one shock - she's going to tell him it hasn’t all been some kind of bizarre tea-fuelled dream.
“Hello,” John says.
“I know you’ve just returned from Afghanistan.”
“Hello?” John said, aware of the waver in his voice.
And all at once, deductions and introductions and you were part of my life. In some ways the part I’d always been missing. That’s another thing I haven’t told you.
Sherlock regarded him coolly.
“Pleased to meet you,” She said, carefully.
“You spoke to Mrs Hudson?” Sherlock seems to be existing outside the nonsense commentary John’s mouth is automatically releasing.
John continued to watch the wall, aware of her gaze on the side of his face,
He was telling the truth about the google search. He’d looked him up, of course he had, early on. He’d wanted to know the man behind the unique name. Minor news articles had appeared but none had ever included a picture, Sherlock’s involvement with any Met police inquiry was always downplayed further than the man himself would imply. It was hard to know which was telling the truth.
“A party?” Even more unclean. “Do I know her?”
“That I love you.” Sherlock succeeds in taking that step forward. One foot. Books, papers, notes, wood floor and three little words.
“No.” Sherlock replied assuredly, putting an end to the line of questioning. “The cards, it’s the cards that are the important thing: three murders, three cards.”
“And another.” Sherlock continued, his voice barely above a whisper, “Until you write the one that brings me here…”
“Not the important things.”
“I was.”
Sherlock merely stared at him, eyes blazing, before dropping his shoulders in defeat and whirling that ridiculous coat as he made his retreat.
Eyes fixed on John his fingers move to the buttons on the shirt John had spent much time worshiping. He undoes each slowly. John can only lean his head back and stare, gaze flicking desperately between burning eyes half shadowed by curls and the motion of long fingers over expensive material.
“More than you know,” Sherlock said with a smile, taking the stairs, “But also, a body.”
“We’ve been waiting for you,” Angelo replied, beaming.
“We sat here and…” John said, dazed. He glanced behind him and back to Molly, his chest contracting at the memory of the day: the hopelessness, the fear, the desperation of the time after, the time he’d spent trying to save a stranger on the pavement.
Left alone the two of them contemplate each other. Sherlock lingering uncertainly on his feet instead of taking the seat Mrs Hudson has vacated.
“No.” John says firmly.
“Three.” John corrects. “You’d step off the edge the moment you saw me.”
“Correct.”
“Yes, I know.”
“She’s not happy.” John says out loud.
“You mean…?”
“You thought?”
“You’ve already said that!”
“Yes.”
Having finished speaking the man steps toward to door to leave, before turning back, his shoulder against a corner in the wall so his face peers around it:
I know that by now you will have tired of this. Too messy an emotion to be out in the open, to be named and identified and qualified.
“Age,” Sherlock answers, before Lestrade can open his mouth, “Income, employment status. Spouse.”
“Who’s Mary?” Sherlock asks.
“Tell me where you think I’d be safer and I’ll go there,” She said without looking up.
“Early days,” He said around it.
London geek alert: Shout out to my guidebook collection for most of the detail of Sherlock's tour of London. Everything is completely true and it is a feasible route, that I might have spent a little too long mapping, created as a combination of three of three different guided walks. If anyone is interested in further details I'd be more than happy to talk (at length) to them about it! Let me know in the comments, or on my tumblr: Qalets.
It was only as he was crossing back across the room to his chair, his tea in one hand and some triumphantly located biscuits in the other, that he realised what he’d done that morning when he’d finally left 221.
Lestrade looked at him in confusion but Sherlock offered no explanation.
“Oh! Happy birthday,” A small voice cut in, and Sherlock was forced to acknowledge that he and Lestrade weren’t alone.
“Why are you calling? Why now?”
“Sorry Mrs Hudson,” The man tells her, striding past them and onto the pavement. “I’ll skip the tea. Off out”
“It’s a long story.” Sherlock says slowly.
John isn’t really sure where else to go.
“Where are you now?” Sherlock asks,
A breath, three paces and a turn.
“Not the tabloids,” John answers honestly, having reached his own conclusions about where this character would most likely have been catalogued.
“No more miscalculations,”
“No you’re not,” Lestrade blocked his path. Holding out an open, clear, evidence bag.
“What way do you think?” Sherlock asks. John can’t tell if it’s evasion or flirtation.
Lestrade was out of the car the moment it had pulled to a stop, already fumbling in his pocket for his badge.
“Well.” John’s not quite certain how to go on. “I didn’t recognise you without the hat.”
“It seems I was wrong.”
“That explains a lot.”
“I couldn’t…”
Sherlock looks at him, vacantly, “I don’t understand,”
A pause, they watch each other.
“You’re back with us,” He says to John in a faint cockney accent.
“You are,”
“Nothing I can say will confirm that.”
“Our romantic beginnings,” He agreed, finally committing himself to the conversation.
It seems like the only thing he can say.
“Sorry about that.” The patient says,
“Yes.” Sherlock answered simply. “Clean now.” He raised his beer bottle back to his mouth and they both looked at it. “It wasn’t booze.” Sherlock clarified,
“If it means ensuring your swift recovery…”
“How did I begin to explain you to them?” John asks, away from him.
“Oh,” John says, vaguely stunned “Well, thanks for that.”
“Inside, Mrs Hudson,” He called to her as he did so, his voice clipped. She offered only a few noises in confused protest, before spotting the officers in hi-viz behind him and finally acquiescing.
And he smiled, for her.
“Most?” John is aware of how strangled his voice sounds and has to close his eyes for a moment. When he opens them it’s to see Sherlock peering minutely at the background of the photograph he is holding, the frame so close to his face that his nose must be pressed against the glass.
“St Bartholomew’s? In Farringdon?” She asked, and Sherlock nodded, “What’s so special about there?”
“He wasn’t a good liar,” Sherlock replied. Lestrade nodded. “Another one?” Sherlock asked, changing the subject and moving his attention back to the house in front of him.
“Just because that brain of yours is bigger than the average person’s,” John addresses the ceiling, “Doesn’t mean it won’t react exactly the same way with enough beer.”
“But why outside?” He asked, jumping a little on his heels as he walked, anything to generate more heat. “In February?!”
“My thoughts exactly,” he said out loud to the empty hallway.
She leaves with a cheerful wave, pulling the door closed behind her.
and well, she was there. And she’s so good for me. What I needed. But then she was there and I never said. And, I guess, this isn’t exactly the best time, but when is? Since it’s not likely I’ll ever get a chance like this again I might as well say it now.”
“Yeah, professional job, frankly he didn’t seem the type…”
As suddenly as it began it is over. The moment lost. The scene has reset, noise resurfacing, the warmth of the room and the hum of the voices and the delicious smells from the kitchen.
He was still there when the first snowflakes started to fall.
“Thought it best to let me shout at you with as few people as possible around to hear?”
A pause.
“Christopher Morstan.” John reiterates, as Lestrade takes it down.
Lestrade paused for a moment and considered the man in front of him.
“Sherlock.” When John speaks it is a whisper, his voice doesn’t feel like it’s been used in a lifetime. The word itself in longer.
“Shouldn’t you be out looking for her? Instead of asking me silly questions?”
“Oh yeah?”
The kitchen is silent in response.
“Sherlock has reason to believe…” Lestrade starts, but John cuts him off,
John folded it carefully once he had finished reading, tucking it out of sight. Right now, he had nothing to say in response.
“Yes, him.”
“So you’re saying that this note from John is actually from M… the one you think is behind all this?”
“You’ve tried?” Sherlock asks, stilling again.
“Do you read the papers?”
“I know. I was there.”
Mrs Hudson stopped talking abruptly.
He’d tried working through it. Long hours of non-descript faces and standard ailments. Summer colds and winter burns. Allergies. Sprained ankles. STDs. He became the best locum a surgery could ask for – available any time, day and night. He’d stopped sleeping. It seems his flatmate wasn’t the only one with a talent for consciousness.
As he finishes speaking the door bursts open behind him, releasing half a dozen men into the room, guns raised, movements direct and efficient, executed with military precision.
Mycroft turned, holding out a mug to him and Sherlock raised his eyebrows in surprise,
And the great John Watson, reduced to one word answers. But if he had to say, if he had to describe, that one word of Sherlock’s, normally spat out in disgust, somehow didn’t seem that way.
“John,” Sherlock’s voice, “You need to rest.” He’s laid his hand over John’s on the bed. His cool touch sears into John’s skin.
“Does the name Moriarty mean anything to you Mr Osborne?” Lestrade tried instead.
Another pause.
“Of course I did, Sherlock,” John’s voice was barely more than a desperate whisper, he raised his face to smile at him, “Of course I do.”
Sherlock’s face urges him to go on.
SHERLOCK
John doesn’t respond, just nods his assent and goes back to his contemplation of the striped patterns the sunlight has cast on the tabletop. The stranger seats himself in accordance to polite convention: dragging out the chair diagonally opposite and perching there.
But John can’t stand it. Being so close and yet suddenly so far away, it’s his turn to stand now, rushing away from Sherlock as if burnt. A breath, three paces and a halt. Hands braced against the far wall, head hanging down, Sherlock behind him.
“Boys?”
“You fell. You…” John continues, eyes wide “You died.”
“So now?” Sherlock asks,
“Yes,” Sherlock started, “I was here to see a friend, but it seems my name isn’t on the list.”
“I don’t know.” John starts, his voice filled with wonderment, “I walked.” He offers, a suggestion rather than a fact.
“I guess we have to fight off the hordes of well-wishers next,” John tells him, “I spoke to Harry, she said she’d drop round. And Molly for that matter.”
“It is,” John replies, checking the message.
“It might not seem that way right now, but you will get better.”
“Doesn’t look like this particular incident is going to make it into that book of yours then?” He asks,
“I did?” Sherlock tone is tentative, almost nervous.
Sherlock studied it for a moment before bending to retrieve it. It was obviously well read, and probably well loved. When he looked back to the train it had begun to move.
“You usually have an assistant?” Mrs Hudson asked, surprised.
John thought about it.
“Tell me you’re with the police or something,” John says hopefully, looking up and finding the stranger’s gaze fixed firmly on the world outside the window.
“Absolutely, I just hope it wasn’t your bad leg.” The patient says.
“John, I…” Sherlock says.
“No. Believed that I was dead.”
“And you,” She smiles back at him equally coolly. “I presume he’s only been telling you good things?” She asks.
And tips backwards.
“And that made us fight?”
Sherlock cuts off abruptly.
“It wasn’t a crisis of accommodation.” Sherlock pointed out, “It was rehab.”
“Bit of a wash out…”
“Not yet,” Sherlock replies, “I needed to ensure that you were in agreement.”
“You were so close Sherlock.”
“Something that breaks down quickly in the system?” Sherlock suggested.
“Well?” Sherlock asked,
“You mean the downstairs bedroom.”
Sherlock carefully placed his response back into the pigeonhole marked with a single letter B before turning and curling himself back onto the second step to wait, determinedly not looking.
“None at all.”
“I always believed in you.”
It had been exactly what he’d needed. He thought to himself some time later, stomach full of tea and freshly baked scones and the extra slice of lemon drizzle cake, since he was “looking so thin” now that she wasn’t there to look after him.
“Because the police won’t come too close?” Sherlock suggests instead.
Sherlock looked from the letter to the door in surprise, suddenly reminded of his location in the house.
“But it was a precise calculation.”
“Yes,” A simple reply in the face of everything it means. “It makes it hard to remember what really happened,”
Sherlock stands, finally. Unfolding himself from the sofa, stepping forward. Three feet. Two feet. One. John looks up at him as Sherlock offers him his hand. John takes it slowly, aware it is the first time they’ve touched since… well since tonight. This night.
The stranger has gone before they’ve fully opened.
“No thank you Mrs Hudson, I should probably be getting on.” John could take a hint.
“I needed to speak to Sherlock Holmes.”
“Thank you,” Says that strong voice again.
“It’s certainly supplying those details right now.”
“Yes.”
“Would it help if we got some air?” Sherlock is still concerned.
“Thanks, I think,” He replied, eyes darting around them. “I…” He started, contemplating his schedule,
Water on teabag. The mug on the left. Stir. The teaspoon is basically clean, retrieved from the drawer, a shadow of hard London water not rubbed completely from the bowl.
“I’m not sure it’s quite out of my system yet, just as a warning.”
“Yes.” Sherlock said, “With significant connections. He helped craft the case against him.”
“We should go to bed.” John suggests, the thought of stretching this beautiful figure out in a more comfortable location suddenly appealing to him.
“Without them you’ll struggle to keep a readership interested.”
“I don’t read people, I read details.”
“Dr Watson?” There was a voice over John’s shoulder, and he could have cried in gratitude for the interruption.
“Now as in right now? Sandwiches a la formaldehyde?” She asked,
“You’re not the first,” Lestrade replied.
“I could have prevented it.” Sherlock continues.
“What?! What the hell were you…?!” The level of John’s anger renders it almost impossible for him to form coherent accusations. “
“Excellent deduction,” She smiled, moving into the room and over to the curtains, tugging them open.
John wondered if he was blushing.
“Okay,” She responds as the man who has so casually insulted her takes a sip from the drink she had brought him. She leaves quietly. John watches her go.
“Unwitnessed.”
“We do have it on good authority that you know the person who the card belongs to,”
He’s holding a phone to his ear.
Sherlocked straightened and looked at her properly.
“You missed one.” John means to say it under his breath, but his words coincide with a pause in Sherlock’s.
“I can imagine them. But I can’t see them.”
“Home.”
John closes his eyes. Remembers.
“So, you and Mary?” Molly asked, sandwich in hand, sunshine overhead, a beautiful London spring day.
“Look after yourself, ok?” Said another, a stocky man with glasses.
“Not a crime,” Lestrade replied with a curt nod, “If it was I’d already be banged up.”
“I did.” Sherlock was grinning. “I have it here.”
“That she did.” John is still looking pointedly at the sheet of paper in front of him without reading a word. He’s using it to hide his smile.
“Yes,”
“It wasn’t…”
“The others?”
“Why are you doing this?” John asks again
“You said that already…” Lestrade sighed, without looking up. “Ever heard of a phone?”
“We’ve just met and we’re going to go look at a flat?”
“Baker Street,”
“You’re not?” He asks.
“But he hasn’t…”
“Seven …so far” Sherlock is typing frantically on his phone,
Sherlock cut him off: “The others? They were glimpses?”
He ignores her.
“Nightmares?” She asked, quietly but boldly.
“I forgive you.” Sherlock says,
“I’m not looking for locum work.”
The word hung in the air. Neither man replied.
“Who’s brains?” He asks, aware that more than one mind had been insulted.
“You’re leaving?” She asked, an obvious waver in her voice.
“We were watching him.”
Nothing is said.
“Obvious to you perhaps, we aren’t all brilliant consulting detectives.”
“So what is it you aren’t telling me?” John asks instead,
“I’ve deduced it, most of it.” Sherlock says and John wonders whether the four weeks have been enough for his bruises to fade, for cuts to heal.
“If you wish.”
“How can you possibly know about the drinking?”
“About what, dear?”
“Three years.” John says in wonderment. Watching him.
“Who goes to a strangers wedding?” John again.
“I said it’s been good to meet you.” Sherlock replies levelly.
“And I am glad you’re not dead.” Sherlock says levelly in response.
“Lab is backed up,” She cut him off, knowing what he would ask. “Everyone’s getting ready for the party.”
“You were, you saw me fall. Cause…”
“Another?” Mike asked with a smile.
“Moriarty’s others.”
Looking up finally John finds himself pinned beneath a pale stare.
“You could put it that way.” He says with amusement.
“No,” John cuts him off quickly, before realising the force of his word and clearing his throat gently, “I’m not asking, no.”
“Sherlock cleared my name!” Angelo repeats to her, jumping back in when the conversation appears to be failing.
“You said it yourself, we’re not close.”
“Don’t worry dear, I know you’ve been busy,” She didn’t let him finish, or fully pull away, instead she held on to his arms, studying him. “My. That does suit you,” She said, referring to his lab coat.
“Yes. Touted himself as a general ‘fixer’. He was the one that suggested the fake death. Any publicity is good publicity and all that.”
Click, click, click, slide.
His thoughts trail away.
“I thought… It seemed…” John starts,
“Nothing much, these things are always the same…” She said distracted, spotting someone she knew across the room and waving to them.
“Nothing of consequence,”
“Yes,” The man confirms.
“I did?” There’s pride in Sherlock’s question.
“You took my coat,” The patient says before John can say anything more.
“I don’t see it.”
“Our witness appears to have finally seen something,” Sherlock says to Lestrade.
“So I was to keep you from getting bored?”
Mrs Hudson was with her sister.
“Royal Free,” John names the hospital they’re currently seated in.
“Of course it’s fine.”
“Afghanistan,” John confirms. Looking away again, this time toward the window and the evening sunlight.
“He won’t say it.” She continues, “It’s not like him to go about expressing his feelings.” She repeats, “But if a man is willing to die for you, it says more than words.”
“Wouldn’t miss it.” He accepted with a smile,
“Oh, this isn’t the kind of thing that will be included.” Sherlock replies straightforwardly. “I’m sure I will have dismissed this soon as unimportant. Deleted it.”
“Not exactly.”
The body wasn’t the only thing lying in the mud. Around the prone woman lay various objects: a badly broken violin bow, a rolling pin, the mashed remains of a conical flask, a magnifying glass.
There was a long silence, but eventually he nodded, very carefully.
Sherlock snorts.
“For giving away my bed.”
When he opens them again John is looking down at a shivering dark stranger lying on his side on a hospital bed. John is wearing his usual scrubs. Can remember the coffee he’s just finished in the doctors lounge. Knows that today is Thursday and that tomorrow he has a date.
He quickly received a reply.
“If you won’t, then tell me why.” John has moved on to the negotiation part of the conversation.
“Village, Heath, South or West?” Sherlock asks.
The stranger merely glares in response. Stepping around him and carrying on.
“I got fed up of looking at it.” John tries for light. Fails a little.
“One second, Mr Osborne,” She cut in. Despite the unwavering smile on her face she gave him a look that meant that even his anger seemed to pause. “She’s free now Detective Inspector.” She said to Lestrade, enunciating his title firmly so Mr Osborne would hear, “You can go through, just on the right, her name is on the door.”
“Cases are interesting. You are interesting. I don’t find many things interesting.”
“Your wife’s brother.” Lestrade corrects.
“No,” John replies firmly.
John shook the thought away, realising quite suddenly that this was somewhere he intensely didn’t want to be. He put down his half-finished drink on the nearest table and pulled the tinsel from around his neck, discarding it at the same time.
“I did,”
The stranger seems to be caught short. They stare at each other.
“Just a photo, could’ve been taken years ago. Can’t get an ID from the back of a woman’s head.”
“The police will be in to speak to you.” He says slowly, looking between John and Sherlock, “When you’re feeling up to it?”
“You’ve seen him since?”
“I was just popping out for a few things for Sherlock,” She tells him pleasantly as they walk side by side some minutes later, John bearing the brunt of the carrying duties and feeling faintly relieved that she hadn’t attempted to carry everything on her own.
It was only when he found what he was looking for, and had studied it for a few moments, that he pulled the blank piece of paper waiting at his elbow toward him, his pen poised.
“So you jumped, why?”
Now he’s attempting humour. This really is a high-emotion situation.
They sit in silence, two figures neither alone nor together, as far apart as is possible while still seated at the same surface.
“Everything.”
“The blouse she’s wearing is Armani,” Sherlock started, slowly, “It’s part of their spring/summer ’08 range, pricey, exclusive. If she’s wearing it any earlier than April this year she will have had to have purchased it through their advance mail order service, only available through a personal shopper or similar.  Her hair is coloured, to within an inch of its life, and styled. She didn’t wake up that morning looking like that. She could have done it herself but more likely, judging by the exclusivity of that blouse, it was professionally done, recent to death. So if the hair is done, chances are so is the makeup, no point in perfect hair and an imperfect face. What are the only events that a woman is most likely to make that kind of effort for? Their wedding day, and that is clearly not a wedding dress, or a media appearance.” Sherlock stopped suddenly, the pace at which he was speaking having increased as he continued. “Had any tv stars go missing recently…?”
He looks pale; paler than John last saw him, the shadows beneath curve of his cheekbones are more pronounced and there are lines around those extraordinary eyes. John is captivated by them. With effort he pulls his left arm across his body and presses his palm against that cheek, thumb lying along the sharp peak of the cheekbone and brushing up to trace against the underside of the creases.
They did not talk about those weeks he’d lain in a hospital bed in her care and the reasons for him being there.
Despite his eagerness however, London did not comply that morning. Traffic meant his cab arrived at the station with only a few minutes to spare, and he was forced to push roughly through the crowds of commuters and tourists to search the board for the right departure.
“That does seem to make it worse,” John continues.
“Who cares about decent!?” The man exclaims, stepping firmly toward the road and flagging down the taxi that has miraculously materialised there, “The game, Mrs Hudson, is on!” He concludes dramatically, slamming the car door behind him.
“Ok.”
It was something Sherlock had never asked in his letters. Somehow it had always felt, well, silly. Sherlock took another drink.
“What did she tell you?”  Sherlock finally ground out.
“You just don’t. Don’t think! Don’t know. Don’t think or do anything except for yourself!”
John can only stare.
“I’m…” John’s voice trails off a little. His head feels like it’s swimming upstream.
Sherlock couldn’t ignore the lurch in his chest that the name produced, he nodded once.
He blinks at the man in front of him: slim and angular, black hair and a pale face. Another blink and he can see the ghost of blonde hair, of wide shoulders and a military stance. Blink again and it’s a tall figure in a dark coat and blue scarf.
“Not that much,” John smiles,
“Believed in me.” Sherlock clarifies, as if the two thoughts were separate.
“He loves you, you know.” She says then.
A wave of relief washed over John, so powerful he had to raise his hands to the back of his head, forcing the air out of his lungs as his heart pounded wildly in his chest.
Sherlock has made no attempt to follow him. Recognised John’s enforced time out. He still stands by the doorway, a little further into the room. Coat and cheekbones and collar. Hands in pockets. A red scarf.
“I think the old adage is: Time flies…”
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, he was standing in the middle of the room wearing his coat, aware suddenly that he was probably staring into space. “Excellent deduction.” He continued, without malice.
John lets lost for a second, remembering a pretty brunette and her boyfriend, holding hands.
He held her gaze for a moment, before standing down. “Sorry,” He sighed, “Thank you.”
“And you,” Sherlock replies.
“It allowed me certain privileges.”
It had turned out that she did. But, she assured him, he needn’t worry, she lived close by.
John stares.
“Anything interesting?” Asked Sherlock.
“It must have been if you managed to get into a fight over ash,” John continues, then laughs for real: “And for pity’s sake,” John is possessed with it now, conjuring up images from earlier in the evening, “Madonna?!”
“Look harder.”
“You’ve got your smile back.”
“We sat here two years ago.” John said.
“Got somewhere to be?” Sherlock asked.
“How long…” He asks her immediately, she’s sitting in the chair he already thinks of as Sherlock’s, bright sunlight highlighting her hair as she leans over the book open on her lap. At the sound of his voice she looks up at him, reading glasses still perched at the end of her nose, a wide smile forming.
“That’s tonight?” John asked, looking between them both.
They meet in a club.
“In detail,” Sherlock says with a slight smile. There’s a weighted pause.
“I did.”
“Look after yourself,” She beseeched as they reached the hallway. Sherlock couldn’t resist a glance to the pigeonhole. Empty. Obviously.
“All four weeks, three days and however many hours?”
“What?!” Sherlock demanded, stopping and circling back to look Lestrade in the face.
“Yes.”
Another pause.
“I think so,” John replies, as quickly as his dream-muddled mind will allow.
“No.”
“Thank you.”
“Not if I can help it.”
“She looks… normal,”
“You were there?”
“I was kidding Sherlock. No, it’s not what best friends generally do. I apologise. I shouldn’t have.”
“John,”
“What does that mean?”
Sherlock remains silent.
“I’m sure she had her reasons,” John says slowly, finding his own equilibrium again.
“But,” John splutters “She isn’t one of many, she’s my wife!”
“We’re…?” John starts to ask, but isn’t sure how he wants to finish the question.
“I guess you were even there when you were dead, not that I knew that. It must have been…” John falters, starts again: “It must have taken a lot. To do that.”
“You’re catching a train to the base tonight,”
She smiled back momentarily before remembering herself: “Oh and I brought you these,”
“N-no.” She stammered uncertainly.
“I hope you find what you’re looking for.” She called behind her as she closed the door.
“Why?”
“You bought beer?”
He uncovers them, looks up: “It was you. All you. It was 3am, I was…”
“I didn’t mean to be, indelicate.” Sherlock says roughly,
He took a long time to drink it all in. His head a muddle of the things Sherlock had said to him in his letters, and days that he’d spent here, before he’d known him. John was so lost in his thoughts that he didn’t hear when someone entered the room behind him.
John looks back to him suddenly, “How about your best friend who just wants you to relax a bit for a change?!”
“We say things out loud.”
“Yes.” Molly confirmed.
Pick up the second mug. Hurl it at the far wall.
They’ve never met before.
He doesn’t feel like he’s slept in weeks. The nightmares. Perhaps he’s delirious.
“Trauma?” Sherlock asks
“I had these dreams…” John says very slowly. “Strange ones…”
John stopped, dumbfounded at the question. He had to take a shaky breath before opening his notebook again.
“Call me if you find anything.”
“Real?” Sherlock finishes for him. “No.”
Half an hour later and John was beginning to be concerned.
“I..?” John is immediately interested again, but the stranger cuts him off.
“John,”
A quiet grunt from the kitchen serves as greeting.
John stares. Watches Sherlock shiver.
SHERLOCK
“You do see, you just don’t observe,”
She tailed off,
“Yes.”
“Is it the first time she’s done this?”
“What my mind thought I should be feeling.”
So yeah, here we go. Thank you so much. Thank you and goodnight.
“Who even was he?” John offers in response, a question he’s not asked.
“You’re wrong.” He said heavily, before turning his head slowly to look at Moriarty. “There is something I can do,” He continued, “Something I’ve done.”
“I suspected his intentions but I had no way of knowing when he’d strike.”
He stirs slowly, allowing the conscious reality of that light to sink in. He hadn’t drawn the curtains last night. He had been distracted.
“Of course.”
“And I’m tired of the yarders.” Sherlock continues, heavily, “I’m tired of being the freak.”
“Figuratively. Not literally. You didn’t react”
“I look forward to it,” He laughed, raising his beer to her in a toast.
They continued together, winding through smaller and smaller streets which were, in turns, bustling with locals and tourists, or dim, unknown, empty passageways. Each one revealed another small detail; the old sign for a long-demolished church, or the bloody history of a public house, or a blue plaque denoting a famous historical occupant. On each occasion Sherlock knew some additional detail that made the person or place more interesting.
“It was in the air,”
“Dr Watson, your 6pm is here.” The bored voice of the receptionist says through the speakerphone on John’s desk. John looks up from the paperwork he’s been working on to stare back at the device, unsure of how it works in order for him to reply.
“He’s dead?” John clarifies.
Sherlock doesn’t appear to listen.
“Will you be alright from here?” John asks, putting the bags down at his feet and wondering idly whether this particular fit of chivalry will result in him putting away shopping and drinking tea all afternoon in a stranger’s kitchen. There could be worse ways to spend the day, John thinks.
“Come on then,” Lestrade said with resignation, “I get your point. I’ll come with you; I can fill you in on the details in the car.” He rose.
“Hm?” John asks,
John brushes past a man on the way to order a drink, knocking into him slightly.
She smiled at him.
“You were confused. You’d wake intermittently. You wouldn’t remember things.”
But John cut him off, “I’m going back,” He said, referring to Afghanistan, “In a month, just over…”
Mrs Hudson was pleased to see him.
“I thought you were Lestrade.” Sherlock clarified.
“Apparently,” Lestrade offers automatically,
“Everything alright?” She asked, looking between him and the receptionist.
“You were there. You saw the removal men.”
“Yours,” Sherlock responds, “Theirs,” He nods down at the street below him, John thinks this may be the first time he’s added a physical gesture to support something he’s said, scare tactics aside. “All of you going about your lives, without seeing.”
“You’re avoiding the question,” Sherlock says once the toneless female voice has finished warning passengers to mind the gap between the train and the platform.
Instead he’d found himself a small studio in the strange no-man’s land between the West End and the City; a tiny blank room in a tiny blank block of flats which was both much more cane-friendly and more convenient for his new job at St Bart’s Hospital.
“Sounds like it would be an interesting read.” John responds genuinely.
They contemplated each other in the quiet of the hallway for a few moments, their eyes locked. John didn’t know what to say.
He doesn’t resist, momentarily stilled to wordless understanding of John’s frantic action, he allows himself to be touched. To be held.
SHERLOCK
“Mrs Hudson made it for me. I had to keep reassuring her I liked it.”
“West. The dodgy end.”
“That aside…”
“What, my brother?” John is lost.
“She used to date a police officer?” John asked, realising he’d never really thought of Molly and dating in the same sentence before,
“Alcohol will do that to you.” Sherlock repeats John’s words. “I assume you imbibed the same concoction you also fed to me.”
“I was?” Sherlock asked in surprise,
“Speak to the ex.” Sherlock told him, continuing around him, “And ask him about the card this time…”
“No thanks,”
“I’ve been to weddings.” Sherlock answers with a faint air of petulance.
“How?”
“What’s her name?”
There’s a noise at the other side of the room and John turns from Sherlock in time to watch a woman push in through the door. She’s wearing a nurse’s uniform. She has pink hair.
“How did you know?” John repeats,
John turns to look at the stranger out of the corner of his eye. Skinny, high cheekbones, height extenuated by a long coat.
“You just told me you were close by.” John clarifies,
“Yes,” Said Lestrade, “The officer told us you asked for him.”
And the words are spoken.
“The woman. With the green eyes.”
“Hello John”
“John,” John corrects again automatically.
While she spoke John had lifted his eyes slowly back to look at her.
“Tell you how I feel.” Sherlock suggests.
“I had a case,” He said in excuse, barely glancing in her direction.
“I saw it because I cared?”
“You saw two possible outcomes of your coming up here: either it was all a lie and there was really no one here at all, or you’d talk me out of it with little bother.”
“John, I…”
“…I want you to tell Lestrade;” A deep voice on the other end of the line, tears in the words, “I want you to tell Mrs Hudson, and Molly… in fact, tell anyone who will listen to you that I created Moriarty for my own purposes.”
“No,” Sherlock.
The moment his shift was over his feet knew where they were going without his head having told them so: not in the direction of his little flat, sitting quiet and expectant for his return, but to the tube station and the westbound Metropolitan line train.
“You’ve never professed to be particularly clever.” There is a smirk in Sherlock’s tone.
“Dear God,” Sherlock’s deep voice rolls, “What is it like in your funny like brains? It must be so boring.”
“No,” The stranger answers calmly.
“I didn’t like what the papers were saying about her, single girl, “out on the town”, all those rumours about other guys. Her publicist,” He heaped scorn on the word, “Kept saying that it was great press, that people were talking about her. Well I listened to that talk and, well… It was awful.”
You must keep reminding yourself of that.
John laughs, another question answered. Sherlock looks at him expectantly but John ignores it, pushing himself to his feet with effort:
It was over a week before John summoned the courage to go back to Baker Street. He timed it for when he knew Mrs Hudson would be home, dropping in for their usual cake and chat. It also meant he knew there would be no pressure to pick up the letter he was sure would be waiting for him.
John swallows, staring back at him uncertainly. Then his resolve solidifies.
“He didn’t call?”
“No, no really. I’m fine.” To prove it John reaches out for his pint, taking a drink “Trust me. I’m a doctor.” He can’t resist adding.
“Or?” John asks, his voice steady.
Although it would once have been a rather stately antique, its beauty had faded with time; the dark mahogany paling and smoothed with years of use. Trivially, it now served as a place where post accumulated; the small pigeonholes set into the back holding not the ornate correspondence of yesteryear, but takeaway menus, leaflets for house clearance services and letters addressed to tenants long since forgotten.
And John can see it now, that name, written in Sherlock’s hand. Part of a web, tacked up on the wall of 221b. A web with one person at the centre. A person they had found dead on a rooftop in the city, five floors above the lifeless form of John’s best friend.
There was a tense pause then, broken suddenly by Sherlock’s mobile on the table between them. He snatched it up on the second ring.
“My brother and I,”
“At a stranger’s wedding?”
“So you’re back.”
“No problem dear, I’m sorry if I woke you.” She’s referring to his pyjamas; John has the strength of mind to look down bashfully at himself.
One word.
“You’re on a date!” Angelo realises aloud with a concerning amount of surprise.
“Oh, don’t you be worrying yourself with all that ‘Mrs Hudson’ rubbish, you can just call me…”
“Well, are you?” John asked, “Going to smoke?”
“Erm,” John starts, blinking “F-fine”
John considered him. “You’re asking me out?”
Sherlock’s face froze for a second in wonderment, staring hard at him.
The rest of John’s shift passed in a welcome, but uncharacteristic, haze of quiet. He caught up with the paperwork he’d neglected, making up his absence to his colleagues and checking in with his patients. Through it all however the heavy weight of the letters in his pocket was like an anchor, calling him home.
“You aren’t getting me a cup.”
“Probably not, but it will delay our departure.”
“You were there that day.” John wonders aloud “You saw us.”
The turn in Sherlock’s pacing breaks the moment.
“I thought not.” Sherlock has made his own deduction of John’s tone.
“Out.”
“I can’t?” Sherlock asks sarcastically.
“Sherlock.” The man says instead.
“Perhaps longer,” Sherlock qualifies, taking his time over the words, “Twenty years, thirty. It has always been something I considered for our future.” Sherlock’s eyes have become grave; he sits forward a little to shorten the space between them. “Before you I had thought that all I could ever live for was the work. What it made me and what I became when I was doing it. You changed that. You taught me what it was to be more than that.”
“Wasting my time then!”
In the hallway of 221 Baker Street was an old writing desk.
“A hospital full of people and there is no one else here.”
SHERLOCK
“Harry and me don’t get on.” Johns starts, “Never have. Clara and Harry split up three months ago and they’re getting a divorce; and Harry is a drinker.”
“John,”
“If you’re sticking around for a while we might need some new crockery,” John says as he makes his way back into the sitting room, tea in hand.
“And you’re a doctor?”
“Which you didn’t.”
They all watch him as he walks away.
Sherlock’s mouth quirks in a smile.
“No,” Lestrade.
“What exactly are you saying?” John asks, sensing that this isn’t going to be the same as all the other times they’ve started this conversation.
“I don’t understand.”
“Misdirection John.” Sherlock cuts in,
“How could you possibly...” Lestrade started, then stopped. He was finally seeing the man in front of him. Sherlock looked wild; the expression on his face, the frustrated pacing, these strange unsubstantiated ideas.
“You said nice things?” Sherlock sneered.
John can only gape back at her in surprise.
“It was psychosomatic.” Another pause. “We met on a train.” John says, looking up at him.
“I expect George will  be here to bail us out soon.”
“So the homeless network?”
Molly thought about it, as if it weren’t a ridiculous request. John liked her for that.
“Perhaps you'll get a proper tan this time, Watson,” Said the third.
“You don’t remember?” Sherlock asks,
“Because I wasn’t sure, if I did. If you did.”
“I’m sure the police didn’t think of it that way,” She answered, placating.
“Yes, as it happens. An hour,”
“Yes,”
“Yes,” John agrees “Though if there’s cake she can stay as long as she likes. I assume we have nothing to eat in the house?”
“Seeing what?” John asks.
A faint twitch of the right corner of Sherlock’s mouth. “No, John”
“For what?” Sherlock repeats John’s question, all innocence.
“Hm.” Sherlock’s quiet affirmation.
“What are you doing here?” He asked bluntly.
“I am?” John can’t help but be surprised.
Mycroft welcomed him into his life and his home with generously gracious acceptance and in turn Sherlock did his very best to avoid him at all costs. Something that wasn’t too difficult in the palatial apartment.
Sherlock looked back at her, cataloguing her face as it was now and superimposing it against what he’d known about her from the picture he’d held in his hand all those months ago.
“It’s not me I’m worried about,”
“Now? I’m a GP,”
“Were?” John queries.
“Stop it.” Again.
Lestrade tried to signal ‘Not helping,’ at Sherlock with his eyes, but the man wasn’t looking at him. A full ten seconds passed with no one speaking.
Even sorted into the correct order their form was random; some short, some long, some as detailed as police reports, others just unrefined thoughts:
“Wedding photographs can take hours.” Sherlock continues.
“Oh,” John smiles, “Yes, good point.”
Sherlock continued to descend the stairs, the expression on his face visible now: calm and resolute, his eyes bright, the curl of a smile on the corner of his mouth.
Lestrade and Sherlock exchanged a glance.
There’s something expectant in his tone, his eyes darting left and right across John’s face.
Sherlock opens a door at the top to a room filled with clutter and pattern and deep warm hues that seem to somehow match the timber of his voice. However John doesn’t pause to contemplate the decoration for long, rounding instead on the figure beside him and this time it’s John that pushes Sherlock against the wall; fingers tangled in loose curls, bodies pressed as close as lips.
Despite the cane John is stalking forward, toward a conveniently located shrubbery at the edge of the path. Behind it he completely expects he’ll find a crouching man looking up at him: glasses and a ruddy face and a suit that’s a little too tight for him.
Sherlock doesn’t respond.
“I accounted for every possible variable...”
“You were under the influence of a great many drugs.” Sherlock repeats.
“They moved,” Sherlock offers
“Where were you on Saturday?” Lestrade asked,
John turns to the source in surprise.
“I did?” Sherlock asks.
“You’ll wear the stairs out.” Mrs Hudson said affectionately, used to his odd behaviour.
“People died.”
“Excuse me?” He asked on finally finding what he hoped was the right desk. The woman behind it gave him a full up and down, her eyes falling unerringly to his cane. She handed him a form:
“You told me to open my eyes.” John is talking at him. “You told me to come back. I can’t remember you but I remember that. I don’t know you. You were there. You were at Angelo’s. My date. She introduced us…” John’s eyes widen. He rounds back at the doctor. “That was you. It was you.” He’s looking desperately between them now.
“When they brought you here,” She said slowly, to counteract it. “I was your nurse,”
Instead he retreated to the staff canteen, quiet at this time of the evening, his hands shaking a little as he opened the first letter, dated two years and two months previous:
“No one needs a cult.”
“Well it seems like you’re doing well,”
“How are you feeling?” Sherlock asks.
SHERLOCK
“Stupid,” He said to himself as he took his seat on the step again. “Can’t possibly…”
The next day found him standing in front of that old familiar front door of 221 Baker Street. He’d not been able to think of anyone he could tell everything to, but what Molly had said about having someone that looked after him, that part rang true.
“It was just what…” Sherlock starts.
“Sherlock?”
“Believing what I want to believe?” John asks, looping around.
The note that Sherlock was holding flapped nauseatingly in the wind and he grasped it tighter, moving it back to his trouser pocket as Moriarty abruptly lurched toward him.
Sherlock swallows. He’s heard it. Stored it away.
“Both figuratively and literally,” Sherlock said, looking at him again,
The facts would continually spiral through Sherlock’s over-active brain at all hours of the day and night, making rest impossible. He’d regularly pace the room way into the early hours, running over the options time and again, until the walls would blur together in a confusing cacophony of newsprint and red marker and he’d curse his inadequate brain, or his inadequate resources, to finish what he’d started.
“I…” John started, lost in the low rumble of Sherlock’s voice.
“Well I…” Lestrade cut in, almost touched.
“And what would you need my professional opinion on?”
“Stop being ridiculous.”
Sherlock thought, then smiled.
John snorts, doesn’t bother to correct him. “Yes, probably. You think he’ll be sore we didn’t meet him after his shift?”
“I think you need to speak with the brother.” Sherlock tells him.
“You’re putting words in my mouth,”
“He knew it well enough to use it.”
“Yes.” Sherlock swallows, “I tried. I wanted to get to you but there wasn’t enough time. I was miles away, tracking him. By the time I realised Moran’s intentions it was too late. You wouldn’t answer your phone.”
“Not since you got a girlfriend...” She drew out the word in childish mockery,
“Find them?”
“I thought you’d say that.”
There’s a pause.
His insane flatmate comes back from the dead. Appears on the doorstep and lets himself casually back into the flat and back into John’s life. They talk. They talk for hours. They dissect and disassemble and explain and articulate and confuse and connect. They kiss. They touch. They moan.
“Die on you. Again.”
“I thought I did.”
“Kept telling us.”
“Oh yes, yes dear, absolutely...” She replied, surprised that she was being delayed further.
“Let’s not, no.”
“Your rank is new.” The man begins, eyes flashing up to John’s face “You’re nervous. You have a medical band packed into the outside pocket of your bag, but you aren’t wearing it. Something you should to be proud of. But you aren’t. That tells me that at this point in your life it is the soldiering that comes first, not the medicine.”
“A woman just walked into Lewisham Police Station,”
“You need to get that?” The patient asks, his previous statement forgotten.
“I wasn’t worried, I was confused. My calculations were flawless.”
But I know you.
John’s gaze snapped back to Mrs Hudson.
“It’s written on my pack.”
A weighted pause. Sherlock decided that this wasn’t going very well.
“What was? The case?”
“Yes?”
“What is?”
“Yeah,” Mike replied, “Tell you what, I’ve been meaning to say: it’s my birthday next month.”
“What?”
John believes this stranger is now being deliberately obtuse.
“I guess it wasn’t much of a leap,” John feels a smile tug at the edges of his mouth; even as he drops his head to sigh back into this coffee cup.
