Unsure of what would happen, but unwilling to wait any longer, Dean crossed to the doorway and flipped the switch to turn on the overhead light in the living room. Blearily, John turned on his side and appeared to try and get up.
As much as he wanted to sit down with someone and get his questions answered, a general sense of uncertainty settled over him when Dean was led to a section of the compound he hadn’t seen in a very long time. The administration wing. Sleek and modern and decorated in a crisp white palette, the place seemed formidable. As they paused in the hallway outside of a closed door, Dean stood staring at the nameplate that indicated this to be the office of D. Simmons. When his handler’s knock was answered with an order to “Enter,” Dean was ushered in and given a seat before the handler made his exit. “You’ll buzz me when you’d like me to retrieve him?” asked the man. Simmons barely acknowledged him. Looking up at the British man he remembered as Mick, Dean was the one to nod agreement and give him the dismissal he seemed to want before allowing himself to turn and leave.
Dean didn’t turn on any music in the car. The sound of the wind and the motor and the tires on the road were an empty tune that matched Dean’s inner feelings as he prepared to say his good-bye to Castiel.
As Castiel spoke, Dean noticed his friend's eyes dip down to the beautiful dark haired mermaid who’d attached herself to Dean and was still working on him.
In his peripheral vision, a sharp movement caught his attention. Swiveling his head to see what it was, Dean’s gaze found a floor-walker staring at him. She’d been moving briskly down the aisle until stopping short, and now she was looking at him with a critical eye.
With a deep sigh, Dean accepted that it was time to leave Hell’s Angels. The details of how exactly that would happen needed to be ironed out immediately, but it wasn’t smart to be thinking about that now. At this moment, his full attention needed to be on his session with Novak.
“I was just wondering if any of those fuckers on watch had been watchin’us, he says sarcastically. “That’s their job right? To be on the lookout for Wares?”
That's when Dean realized it was Sunday. "What's the sermon about today, Padre?" teased Dean, knowing the man hadn't had even a moment to prepare anything.
“You spiteful demon whore,” spat Crowley, eyes vicious and locked on Ruby as Sam continued to read without stopping.
Right after Christmas is the best time, right? When every living room has a new flat screen and gaming system? For some odd reason, the old Home Alone movies suddenly pop into his mind. Thinking of the ‘wet bandits’ gives him a fleeting feeling of amusement as he drifts off to sleep. He’s then led through a series of whimsical dreams that play out much like the movies did, except that somehow Dean is in them. At times he was a little boy and at times he was a man, and as the dream continually shifts around him, Dean finds himself alternately hiding fearfully and then enjoying gleeful fun. At no point does he see the big gold car in his dreamscape, but for the duration he was vaguely aware of its presence, and even more so, the unknowable presence that he could feel watching him from behind the wheel.
“And,” added Dean, tracing fingers down the man’s crack and sliding in slow, “there’s a camera on that building.”
“No, you don’t,” she throws back at him. “You need to get your ass in gear! I’m not going to shut up until I’ve walked over that drawbridge!”
He was briefly interrupted when Lydia asked, “Do you care who you see in HR, or do you just want the first available appointment?”
As he eased himself lower, Dean’s could feel that the man had left one finger still sheathed inside of him and his gaze flicked up to meet the other man’s eye. He was smirking and fuck if that wasn’t a turn on.
Dean sighs contentedly and gives Castiel a nod of thanks. Benny continues to pour lube over the place of their joining as he begins a slow roll of his hips. Before long there’s so much lube that Dean can feel it leaking out and rolling down.
It’s scary at first- Dean’s anxiety is through the roof for the first hour or so. Bit by bit, though, Cas calms him down and reassures him, and when Dean snuggles himself into Cas’ arms he realizes Cas is right- there was nothing to be afraid of. When they fall asleep Dean is wrapped in Cas’ arms, and he feels safer than he ever remembers being. Cas’ arms are warm and secure, and Dean knows he’s never been safer than he is in that moment.
“Happy birthday!” Comes three shouts from his family, Jack seated at the table and practically bouncing in anticipation, Sam and Eileen stood by the coffee maker. Dean’s heart swells. He can’t remember the last time he got this many birthday wishes- probably back when Bobby was still alive.
Dean eagerly climbs out of Baby and stretches his arms over his head before turning to watch his boyfriend, following the movement of Castiel’s arms as he mimics Dean’s stretch. Now that they’ve reached their destination a fresh wave of appreciation for his boyfriend washes over Dean.
He’s slow to get out of bed, reluctant to leave Castiel’s arms, but eventually they’re walking down the hallway in their pyjamas, joint hands swinging between them. Castiel’s easy smile stays on his lips the whole way to the kitchen, and if Dean wasn’t so hopelessly in love he’d be a little embarrassed that he watches his boyfriend more than he watches where he’s walking.
They order takeout for dinner, choosing chinese from the place Dean likes in town. He watches, chest warm with affection as Eileen laughs and swats Sam’s fingers away from stealing the last chicken ball on her plate, belting out a laugh of his own as she distracts his brother with a kiss and deftly steals the last half of his eggroll. Sam squawks a bewildered protest and Jack throws his head back and laughs.
Dean is roused slowly by the feeling of fingers gently carding through his hair. His fingers flex slightly under his pillow, searching for a gun that isn’t there anymore, but at Castiel’s soft chuckle his entire body relaxes back into his memory foam. A small smile pulls at his lips and he sighs heavily through his nose, wiggling slightly so his back is flush to Castiel’s chest.
Dean doesn’t know how long he lays there, content to watch Cas for the rest of their lives if the opportunity presented itself, but eventually Cas’ eyes flutter open. Immediately he smiles, wide and gummy.
“What were you dreaming about?” Cas asks, voice like dark whiskey, and Dean’s heart tries to leave his chest.
Firstly, Cas smiles at him with warmth he definitely doesn’t deserve and offers a soft ‘good morning, Dean’.
He’s no stranger to the words at this point; while Castiel had initially expected hesitance he had been met with open honesty. While the words used to be whispered between them, not meant for others ears, Dean had quickly begun tossing them out into the open whenever Castiel did something particularly endearing or Dean just felt like he deserved to know.
Evan was sweet, funny, very charming, and he treated Dean like he’d personally hung the moon and stars. He had beautiful blue eyes, blond hair and a smile that melted Dean into a useless puddle of goo. Dean loved him- god, did he love him. Every part of him ached with it- a desperate all consuming love that drove him crazy when he wasn’t with Evan. They were obsessed with each other, so in love it was almost sickening. But Evan’s parents knew about him, and Evan didn’t want to stay in the closet- he didn’t want to hide his truth.
He excuses himself a moment later, fleeing briskly to his room. That was more than good enough- he was honest without having to fully admit to anything. Without having to spell out just how awful he is.
God, Dean can’t breathe- he can’t breathe, his heart is pounding and his hands are shaking. His mind is screaming at him, a steady mantra of
“I know- I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You’re destructive, and you’re angry, and you’re broken. You’re ‘daddy’s blunt instrument’. And you think that hate and anger, that’s… That’s what drives you, that’s who you are. It’s not. And everyone who knows you sees it. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love. You raised your little brother for love- you fought for this whole world,
“I don’t know.” He lies, but he knows Cas will see right through it. “It scares me, Cas. It scares the hell out of me.”
“Jack made the pancakes.” Sam says, undisguised pride in his voice, and Dean makes sure to smile extra wide at their enthusiastic son.
“It’s about Cas.” Sam says slowly as he takes a seat in the chair next to Dean’s. He can see the panic flare in his brother's eyes, and sees the internal struggle against fight or flight in the way Dean’s entire body locks up.
Sam?” He demands, fear bleeding into anger because anger is easier. “You thought I was some kind of- some-”
“Dean.” He growls, and Dean is abruptly taken back to the night almost thirteen years ago when he’d awoken from his first dream about Cas to find the angel seated on the edge of his bed.
Dean’s stomach falls to his feet and he sets his burger down, appetite now long gone. It takes him a moment to respond, fear curdling in his stomach and tightening his throat.
Cas is beyond delighted to tell Sam and Eileen -with Dean’s assurance that he’s okay with it- and they’re both so happy for them that Dean almost forgets why he was so scared of taking this step.
Castiel smiles against his skin and that’s how Dean falls asleep, wrapped in his fiance’s arms with his heart light in his chest.
“I wish I could believe that.” Dean whispers, and god does he ever. He wishes he could believe Cas- wishes he could support himself the same way he supports others.
Despite the trees towering on both sides of the path this bench has a clear view to the pond they’d just been skating on, giving them the perfect view of the sunset. Dean’s eyes light up and he leans eagerly into Castiel’s side when the man lifts his arm in offering.
Once the goodies have been inhaled and gifts have been opened they migrate to the Dean cave to watch a movie. Upon entrance Dean is shocked to find a makeshift bed on the floor -a bed that Jack, Kaia and Claire immediately pile into with near identical giddy laughs. Dean claims one recliner and pulls Castiel down into his lap, wiggling them both until his chin can comfortably rest on Castiel’s shoulder.
"You asshole." And, yeah alright, so he hadn't exactly planned to say that, and this certainly wasn’t how he’d imagined their reunion, but now he had to run with it and at this point, he reckoned Cas deserved it. He lurched up out of his seat, with such force the chair scraped backwards, and whirled round. And finally,
He backed away from the hunter, knowing that he needed space but there weren’t many places he could go because the unconscious brother was blocking the stair way. He would respect whatever choice Dean made about what to do with his brother. If he chose to take him away, Cas doubted he would recovered without the help of another warlock and it didn’t take much to realise that Dean didn’t know another warlock or he would have gone to them in the first place.
“Dean? What’s going on?” he asked, but it just seemed to make the man in front of his furious and his daemon even more so. “What do you think I’ve done? At least give me a clue so I can apologise.” Evidently he must have done something horrendous. Was Sam alright? Had he gotten worse in some way whilst Cas was half in a magic induced coma?
Naomi wanted to leave this legacy to her five children. Cas had spat it right back in her face. They were monsters and Cas would be damned if he ended up anything like them.
Dean was in front of him and then he wasn’t. Cas’ mind emptied. The hunter was back on the floor propped haphazardly against a wall near to his brother. Dean’s daemon was on the ground next to Sofia where the wolf daemon had been trying to rip her to pieces.
And then the warlock fell backwards, Dean swore and his instincts caused him to snatch at the guys arm to stop him cracking his head on the floor. He pulled the guy onto the foot of the bed, wincing at the pain it caused his chest, but Sam’s gigantic body was so big that Cas was lying at an awkward angle over Sam’s feet. Sam had stopped shaking and the black magic had, as far as Dean could see, retreated somewhat.
That being said, he wasn’t going down without a fight and he could control his magic. He was about ninety percent sure of it. And Dean had one huge flaw – he was fighting with no forward thinking. He was reckless and letting his emotions cloud his judgement. For that reason, his technique had only one aim, brute strength. Fortunately Castiel knew how counter it.
His breath came out ragged and he finally dropped the crowbar. He took a step back, surveying the damage. If Baby were on earth, she would take weeks or even months to fix. Dean took another step back and another, until he turned and just walked away.
Dean felt another twinge of relief that his daemon was no longer remaining silent. It was almost like being able to breathe again. And when Sam woke up he’d feel even better. The guilt wouldn’t go away, but he’d feel a hell of a lot better than he did now.
“That’s good news,” Dean sensed something in Bobby’s tone that made him tense, “but I got some bad news.” When did they not? “I’m tellin’ you this, not because I want you involved, but because I need you and Sam to stay out of trouble.”
, he didn’t look good. He was sporting a nasty shiner under his right eye and he still had traces of blood on his face. He looked as if he could have walked straight out of a horror film; his clothes were covered in dried blood and sweat and now he wanted nothing more than to get into something more comfortable. The bandage around his bicep was the cleanest thing he had on.
“Milton Medicine ruined my life,” Dean finally looked at him again, his eyes brimmed with anger that Cas didn’t think was still aimed at him, though god only knows he deserved it. At the forefront of all of it was pain. Cas could read it off him a mile away. His parents business had caused a lot of pain to an awful lot of people. He felt he should be used to it by now, the guilt, the stab of pain in his chest that almost took his breath away, but every time he thought about it, every time he came across anyone affected, it was as heart breaking as the last.
With his spare hand he returned to examine the origin of the magic currently trying it’s best to kill. He could feel the power it was giving out and now that he was pushing his magic against it, it was a little more difficult that he had first believed.
“Are you leaving?” he did his best to make his voice sound soothing and hoped that didn’t upset Dean further.
Indira was lying curled up beside his chair, her head down and tail brushing the floor near her nose. At least she could hide beneath the table whilst Dean had no choice but to be seen by the warlock and the daemon who’s form was still unknown to him. Asking about Cas’ daemon would be unthinkable – he wouldn’t stoop that low, especially when he’d been terrible towards the other man.
Checking back in was a pain in the ass, as usual, but when his physical state had been noted, Dean was offered the use of the salon. He accepted gratefully and then tried to be patient as he waited for a handler to be summoned. Stripping down when prompted, he tossed his sullied clothes into the plastic bag provided and signed its contents over to the in-house laundry service. His shoes were held for him at the desk along with his wallet, keys, phone, and laptop.
“Why bother listening to you when I can get all the information I need from my brother and his lawyer?”
Cas bursts out laughing when he opens his next gift. A tie. “It’s so ugly. I think it’s even worse than last year!”
“Jack,” he interrupts firmly, “I understand what you mean, but there are some voids that simply can’t be filled. I mean, even if I found someone that suited me, someone that I thought I could be happy with, what would they be to you?” He pauses for a moment, giving his son some time to ponder the question before moving on. “Think about it, would having someone else in our house really fill the void for you? Do you think that you’d somehow miss your mother any less if you had a stepmother?”
All eyes fell to them as they shot across the relatively open space in the center and headed for the blackness that lay beyond the next doorway. Dean ran like the devil. His breaths and heartbeats were loud in his own ears and drowned out the shouts of those chasing them. With Sam and Cas on his heels, Dean launched himself through this next opening, carrying with him the highest hopes of freedom. He longed for the vast openness of the meadow beyond these tents and the ability to break wide open and really run. These carny ogres would never be able to catch up with them out in the open.
When he was a younger man he’d called it V-day, discussing his plans for the holiday as if he were formulating a battle plan or a football play. Rather than plan ahead for a special evening with one particular person, he’d opt out of the hassle and expense by simply hitting the clubs, often with a wingman or two. Following a loosely formulated ‘plan of attack’ as they moved from bar to bar, they’d pick up lonely singles who peppered the scene, often scoring more than once before the night was over and often going so far as to keep track of who pulled the most tail as a matter of bragging rights.
“Even if he’d let us get away with that, we’d never be able to scrape together that kind of money. Do you have any idea how much Ruby and I have spent over the last decade?”
A sudden movement caught his eye and then Meg was there. She curled into Castiel’s lap and settled there. Glancing over, Dean saw her bare breasts pressed up against Cas’ strong chest. Skin on skin. Nipples.
Sam paused for a moment and Dean watched his brother think it through. “He’s just building churches,” said Sam softly.
Deans eyes were scrunched shut, head shaking in denial, but behind his closed eyes he was remembering how he’d felt the night he turned down Crowley’s first offer years ago. He’d experienced agony then, writhing on his bedroom floor with a raging hard-on. The memory of it was quite vivid at this moment – the overwhelmingly painful need to cum, every fiber of his being begging for release but unable to climax.
It wasn’t long before heavy rolls of thunder came rumbling in and the pending storm sent most of the guests heading for the gates. As people moved past him, Dean eventually saw his brother striding by and jumped up to walk beside him. He was greeted warmly, but largely ignored in favor of Sam’s new girl until they reached the exit.
“I pulled his ad from a bulletin board on campus,” Cas answered. “I knew I had to make a change, and it seemed like a better fit.”
Cas leaned in and splayed his hand on Dean’s chest to hold the shirt in place as he etched a black line through Dean’s ninth drinking location of the day.
Dean felt a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. “That’s kinda sweet,” he heard himself saying. “And she’ll just, what, take a nap down the hall while you’re in here?”
Stepping through the door, Dean let out a low whistle. This was definitely the nicest room he’d stayed in for quite some time. The musty smell that normally greeted him upon entering a motel room was suspiciously absent and so were the dingy walls and threadbare carpet he was accustomed to.
"Don't you see?" she pleaded, "I've betrayed him. It'll be worse now than it ever was before! I'll have the king of hell on my ass - there's no corner of hell I can hide in."
To his left, Cas’s door is still shut with its window rolled up. This strange and unexpected turn of events has Castiel feeling like a spectator. It’s like he’s watching this happen to someone else… like he’s watching this happen on television.
“I do,” he admitted easily, though he was still resting his weight on the wall. His cock was throbbing like a vicious headache and the sphincter muscle of his anus was aching too. Even his feet were aching a little. Honestly, he’d probably feel better if he could just sit down.
“No,” says Sam, tipping his chin to indicate the tree he’d been sitting under as Dean and the wolves had approached.
“My boy!” barked John, slapping his open hand on Mary’s thigh. Dean ducked his head, pretending not to notice. He looked up again when he heard whispering. He only caught a fragment of what his father was saying softly to his mother, but what he heard had him wanting to crawl away in shame. Mary blushed crimson in response and then asked Dean how long he planned to keep Sammy out playing.
Smiling in the soft lamplight of their bedroom, Dean leaned in to give one now. The two sank down into the sheets as they lost themselves in one another. Soft gasps of pleasure slipped from both men as they touched and tasted, Dean’s arms and legs wrapping around Cas as they rocked together. Whispered endearments tumbled from Dean without his consent or regret as he felt himself prepped and penetrated, his partner thick and hard between his legs. Tears pricked the corners of his eyes as he felt himself stretched thin, his mind and body fully focused on the pleasure and pain of the moment as Castiel began to move inside him.
“I just got off work,” said Jim by way of explanation, “or I would’ve come sooner. But, at least I brought pie.”
From his first time at school until now, he’d been surrounded by boys who wanted for nothing but to push their cock into the slit of a pretty mermaid. As a young one, he’d trusted that eventually he’d want that too. But here he was… nearly a full grown merman… and the thought of mermaids was bland at the best of times. He simply had no inclination. And now, the thought was beginning to worry him.
Dean watched Castiel with amazement. He was doing what Dean had failed at. He was blending in. With all eyes focused on the haunted house, Cas tugged Dean gently away. They walked purposefully slow, moving along the stalls that lined the concourse and stopping periodically to ask other bystanders what was going on, what had happened, or if security had caught the gunman yet. It was brilliant. Within a few short minutes, they’d made it almost all the way to the entrance. Dodging the ticket line all together by moving down the gauntlet between long rows of portable bathrooms, Dean followed along when Cas ducked into one.
“Well, your brother was right wasn’t he? You met someone. You even got some action,” grins Dean. They walk another block in silence before Dean asks, “How far is your place?” He's trying not to let it show, but he's in pain.
Opening the passenger door of his car, Dean once again assisted the man in swinging his legs around. They were much better at it this time, having done it before, and once the man was in position, Dean encouraged Benny to hug him as he snaked his own arms around the larger man’s waist and began to lift. Pulling him into a vertical position went well but the very second that Benny had two legs under him, one of them buckled and the other gave out completely.
Dean didn’t dare speak for fear of saying the wrong thing, but he wondered if the ‘present’ was Kevin.
Cas was all business as they began a surprisingly formal interview that left Dean feeling like he’d applied for a job. Still, he found himself nodding along as Cas gave out information. Dean struggled to pay attention, too heavily focused on the shape of the man’s mouth as he spoke and the way his hands moved. He was told how the video making process worked, what would be expected from him as a Sub, and what Cas would be obligated to as the Dom. As the formal interview drew to a close, the doctor offered him a chance to ask questions.
He walked slowly through the games, watching for anything unusual over the heads of eager children and harried parents. Most of the times he’d been here, Dean had been swept away by the spectacle of it all… the bright lights and sound effects, the fast talking carney barkers, the brightly colored food trucks. But, with his attention focused on looking past those things, the magic was gone. He saw dirty counters and greasy equipment, tattered and ill-fitting costumes, clown makeup sweating off in the heat, roadies lugging heavy crates behind the scenes with ugly tattoos and plumber’s butt hanging out, greasy custodians picking up trash and cursing as they tried to fix things that were broken.
Castiel barely suppressed an eye roll, “Warlock,” Cas corrected, witches and warlocks were entirely different species (alright – maybe they shared a few traits but they were still different). People often thought warlocks were male witches. They were not. Male witches were just…witches.
Dean told himself that that was to be expected considering the warlock had told him it would be a long process. Patience, however, was definitely not one of his strong suits. It never had been. His brother got all huffy when Dean got bored during stake outs and then Rosa would flap her wings in a gesture that Dean took to mean as giving him the finger.
A heavy breath left the hunter and he caught his reflection in the corner of his eye in the mirror hung on the wall over a wooden chest of draws. A sudden awareness came over him.
Castiel stopped before the open arch into the kitchen and felt a twinge of irritation at the mess. He didn’t even have the magic to fix up his kitchen quickly. Healing magic was, for him, particularly tiring. But that’s one of the things his family liked about him – his magic was better used as a weapon. The hand print glowing on Dean’s shoulder was a reminder of that. His brother Lucifer’s magic was just the same. He suppressed a shudder at the thought.
“I am uncertain. There are many factors to consider but your brother seems strong.” Cas frowned slightly and glanced curiously at Dean, “You say a witch did this?”
“Yeah?” Dean mumbled as he stared down at his brother as if the force of his gaze would heal him, “We weren’t expecting her to have the level of juice she did,”
Another wave of guilty flowed through him as he sat in the same space he had the previous night. He didn’t want to look at Cas or his daemon, so he avoided him by staring down at the table and tapping his fingers silently on the glazed wooden surface.
His ‘guest’ really was wrecking his house, “Dean!” Castiel barked, gaining the other’s attention instantly.
“Come on, little brother,” Dean murmured, his voice strained as he lifted him on the backseat of his car. He tried not to stare at the terrifying thin black lines creeping up Sam’s arm, reminding Dean of rain down a window pane. Dean guessed he wouldn’t like what happened when those dark streams reached his brother’s heart.
Keeping his eyes on the road, he slid his right hand into his pocket and got out his phone, dialled and put it to his ear. The moment the older man had answered, Dean blurted out, “Bobby, I need your help.”
Not necessarily wanting to pry, but wanting desperately to get into some other clothes, Dean began opening a shutting doors on the draws until he found a plain shirt. There were only a few garments, a few shirts and some socks. Dean was almost surprised to find anything considering that this wasn’t Castiel’s room. As he shook the T-shirt out, a flash of light on a piece of photo paper caught his attention. His forehead creased slightly and he reached into the draw to pick it out, his curiosity getting the best of him. Dean felt a soft sound leave him at the surprise; it was a young Castiel and his family. His frown deepened and he couldn’t tear his gaze away. And then his stomach dropped and his heart began to race. There was no mistaking the family in the photo.
“C’mon Dean,” said Sam gently. Dean allowed himself to be tugged out of his room. Glancing back at the heap of John Winchester, Dean noticed the man wasn’t moving and for a moment he felt a fleeting joy at the thought that maybe he’d killed him. On the heels of that was the crushing weight of guilt, and that’s what stayed with him as he stumbled down the hall with Sam. At the sink in the kitchen, Dean splashed cool water on his face and washed the blood from his hands. Sam, leaning on the counter next to him, handed him a towel when he’d finished.
Dean had been the youngest among them for that excursion and he’d felt like a wide-eyed child the entire time. He stood watching as they readied and distributed weapons, accepting what they gave him and climbing into the bed of the truck with them. With Gordon and another militia leader in the cab, the half dozen men of their block had ridden out beyond their own small section. Crossing through several militia manned checkpoints, they’d eventually come to a gate. Dean had seen it before, but hadn’t been away from his own block in at least a year. Well, not on the inside of the wall anyway.
“Dean,” he says, bringing his thumb and forefinger to the bridge of his nose in a sign of stress. “I have to.”
And that was it. Dean scrunched his eyes shut and locked his body as his stomach curled along with his toes. He felt Castiel still humping into him wildly but Dean was done. Nothing but Jello. He laid there letting ecstasy wash over him in waves, unmoving and only dimly aware of the movements as Cas’s body rocked on his, thrusts growing sporadic as the angel neared his own end. By the time Cas had climaxed, Dean was coming down. He heard his own name called out, garbled and desperate, and in response, he tightened his arms around Castiel’s shoulders and let his angel hear the words in his head, the words he’d almost never uttered, even to his own brother. Somehow it was easier to say without moving his lips. “I love you,” he thought in his mind.
Studying the agent, Dean thought he looked timid and shy. His mind flashed back to his first glimpse of Novak in the auction house and married the two images. Yes. This is how the man had looked the first time he’d seen him. Nervous. Out of place. Dean had mistaken him for a newcomer to the brothel, but there had been far more to it. He could see that now.
Not six feet away from him is what he came for. It’s outlined in the silvery moonlight of one small window on the opposite wall. As he crosses the open floor to get to it, he catches himself tip-toeing cartoonishly. Suppressing a chuckle, he forces himself to walk normally. Slowly and quietly, but normally.
“Fuck yeah,” he groaned, sitting forward a bit on his coked out executive. The man slid up behind him and all three of them rearranged themselves a little to find a comfortable place for everyone's knees. Reaching behind his own back, Dean pulled his cheeks apart. His puckered hole was tight around the cock he’d just cum on, but there was wiggle room. The older man didn’t waste time. He put fingers on the other man’s shaft and skillfully worked them up into Dean right along with it.
Mr. Crowley looked stunned as he turned the item over in his hand. When he finally looked up again, there was anger etched deep into his featuress. Ruby was already backing away cautiously, moving to stand beside Sam who was pulling something from his pocket, a sheet of paper, or so it would seem. Dean wondered what was going on as he watched his brother unfold an aged piece of paper. Taking Ruby's hand in his again, Sam began to read from the page he held in a commanding voice. To Dean it was jibberish, just a jumble of unrecognizable sounds, a foreign language.
Jack watches Mr. Winchester pace back and forth at the front of the room while he leads the class in a discussion. He studies the man even more closely now then he did before, because it’s hard to believe that he’d been wrong about him. He had honestly thought that Coach Winchester was into guys, at least a little. But ever since the adoption event, he’s been second guessing himself.
The portal flared again, several times in quick succession. Finding the will to untangle himself from Cas, Dean again shielded his eyes from the glare and peered out from under his sleeve. It was confusing for a beat, as several bodies pushed through the portal one after another, and Dean’s hand instinctively tensed around his weapon as he stepped into fighting stance, unsure if those arriving were friend or foe.
At the moment of penetration, she screamed. He both heard and felt it. Her body locked beneath his as the long push filled her in a way that she was clearly not used to. He could almost feel her trying to decide if she liked it or not.
Heading to the closet, he tugs an overnight bag down from the top and begins to fill it. The riffle goes in, along with a box of ammo from his top drawer. The old leather jacket his father had passed down to him gets shoved in as well. He adds a few favorite shirts, some fresh underwear and socks, a few more pairs of pants, and his only other pair of boots. Then, dropping the bag on his bed for a moment, he heads over to the dresser. From the frames, he plucks a few of his favorite photographs. Tucking them between the pages of a thick hardcover book for safekeeping, he then adds the book to his bag like the cherry on a sundae. Wrenching it shut tightly, Dean turns to leave and says a quick goodbye to his old life on his way out the door.
“Love is love,” says his father firmly. “It’s a feeling we have. Whether we choose to enjoy the feeling for what it is, or pine for a reciprocation that simply isn’t there… well, that’s up to us. I choose to enjoy the feeling while it lasts; even if it will never be returned.”
By this time it was late, coming up on four in the morning. The bar-rush was at its end and the rec room was nearly empty. So, with his mind on one last orgasm, Dean rolled them over and wrapped his legs around the big burly man who was obviously infatuated with him. With his legs spread wide, Dean’s wet hole invited him in and Ronny sank inside, slow fucking Dean missionary style.
As they meander along unhurried and enjoying the atmosphere, Jack is thinking of what his father had said a few weeks ago - that he may not appreciate this town because he’s never lived anywhere else, but that it was special. Looking around now, as if seeing it for the first time, he suspects that his dad was right.
Pushing carefully from his knees to his feet, Dean allowed himself a glimpse at the girl’s face. It was twisted in rage. "Are you fucking kidding me?" she bellowed. "Sam? Really? You're gonna do me like this after I saved your soul?"
Standing on the rooftop of a single family dwelling, sweaty and stinking, Dean sets aside his tool so he can pull off his shirt. Tying it around his waist, he takes a moment to look around, measuring the angle of the shadows to calculate how much daylight is left. Thinking of Cas, he lays a hand on his neck. The bite mark is healed now, but he can feel subtle scarring under his fingertips. From behind him, Dean hears a pleasant and cheerful voice - his brother’s wife. “Oh good,” she says to him, “I was afraid I wouldn’t be able to guilt you into taking a break.”
When he began coming back to himself, Dean realized that his angels weight was spread over him but made no move to unseat his lover. Instead he reveled in the feeling of closeness and Cas's heavy breathing on his sweaty skin. In the quiet aftermath, Dean thought of all the things he’d said and done over the years in the hopes of keeping his angel near. Breaking the silence he said, “The reasons, man, I thought they were good. The drive in, the roller coaster, all that stuff I wanted to take you to do - they all seemed right in my head. But, I gotta admit, you really got me with the iceberg and the Grand Canyon… let’s just forget my list and do yours. It’s fuckin’ awesome.”
Dean took a deep breath and kept his eyes focused on the man across from him as he replied, “Course not.”
“Yes,” answered Cas stiffly, his hand still over Dean’s and slowing his progress on the belt buckle. “But…
When it was finally waking time, Dean roused himself. It was amazing that he’d been able to sleep at all. He glided along between his parents on the way to the meeting, glad to finally be able to swim off his excess energy.
Passing through Tuscaloosa, Meridian, and Jackson, Dean pondered his time at the brothel and his hunting life before it. He considered all the decisions he was facing now and what the future might hold for him. All the while, he watched the sun sink in the sky and disappear. For a bit, it lit up their surrounding landscape in a golden hue and Dean smiled looking over at Benny in that soft amber light. He’d looked different to Dean once he’d seen how savagely the man had murdered those who’d attacked him. But, sleeping with his chin tucked to his chest, the guy was nothing but a big, burly teddy bear.
Dean awoke to the sensation of cool tiles under his cheek and a dull ache pulsing through his entire frame. The pain grew sharper and more acute as he neared consciousness. Willing himself to ignore it, Dean focused on getting his eyes open first. Then he took stock of himself as he tried to get to his feet.
“The house?” Sam complains, hurrying to catch up. “We’ll lose at least a half-hour if we go home, Dean.”
A dull ache sets into his balls, the inevitable result of having grown hard again but not climaxed a second time. Safe to say that his mind is blown and his body is reeling. Since he’s gotten off once already, the new ache in his balls is commingled with the previously instilled feeling of contentment and satisfaction he’d been enjoying since Dean bent down to lick cum from his tip.
Turning to face him, Sam and one of the two Mary’s turned to face him. “Yes, Dean, it’s me,” she said with a beatific smile. He’d seen his mother through the eyes of a child and the eyes of an adult. He’d also seen her as a much younger version of herself, having traveled back in time to do it. In all her personifications… eager young girl, doting mother, vengeful hunter, and even maternal disappointment, Dean had always found her remarkably beautiful. Crushingly so.
He can hear his own breaths coming faster in the vacuum of silence and the sound is obscene to his own ears each time he spits into his palm for lubrication. He can't help but wish that he'd left the garage door open. Even the idea of having done so is enticing. Increasingly enthralling is the idea of Cas looking in through the open door to watch him touch himself like this. He desperately wants the man to witness him in the act, to feel the weight of those intense blue eyes drinking in the sight of his iniquity. Wanting him. Perhaps even joining him, pleasuring himself as he watches Dean get off with envy and lust. He comes hard. So hard. Then he lingers in the car for a long time, his ears ringing in the quiet aftermath and a puddle of jizz slipping slowly down the back of his hand as it cools.
Most of their days were spent immersed in research, but as the day of Eileen's departure grew nearer, the group began helping her lay down some concrete plans. And, with each passing day, they all watched helplessly as Jack’s power and influence grew. His congregations were popping up all over, making news and garnering headlines. Even locally, there were billboards along the side of the highway that advertised the Paradise Church and its leader, Jack Kline. The slogan, an obvious attempt to spark curiosity and draw new parishioners, read simply, “You don’t know Jack.” Under that, in smaller letters, was an invitation to get to know him by visiting a local church.
“Why the hell would he do that?” Dean wonders aloud. “Who wants to play cards with a bunch of old ladies?”
Downstairs in the kitchen, he moves faster than usual because he’s running a bit behind. While Jack is up in his room getting dressed for school, Castiel is making breakfast. He’s at the stove scrambling eggs and internally he’s berating himself for his inappropriate crush and habitual spying. Then, the strangest thought occurs to him. He wonders if maybe Kelly had a secret like his. Was there a deviance hiding beneath her perfectly buttoned exterior? If she’d lived long enough to settle in this town with him, would he have one day inadvertently discovered that she secretly enjoyed clown porn? That she harbored fantasies of being pulled inside a striped tent to be tag teamed by a couple of whimsical red-nosed men in comically oversized shoes? The thought brings laughter bubbling up in his chest and then his mind is off to the races. He’s flooded with cartoonishly funny images of her getting excited by them honking their toy horns and wanting to be squirted by a lapel flower when she came.
From where he sits, Cas can feel his son withdrawing a little and wonders if he’s accidentally said something to make the boy feel uncomfortable. “I’m sorry,” he says, hoping to reclaim the warm feelings that seemed to be cooling in the air around them. “I didn’t mean to pry.”
He wasn’t far from the front of the park, and the monorail platform was deserted. No one was going anywhere right now… every park guest was either finding a spot for the parade or trying to squeeze in a few more rides before it started.
He also spent the first decade of their marriage running business after business into the ground. The whole time, she was poppin’ out babies... one right after another. The youngest is Castiel.”
The crowd roars and Dean grins as he returns to blowing Castiel. Benny begins picking up speed until he’s pounding the fuck out of Dean, his triumphant cock hitting the sweet spot over and over. Euphoria spreads over Dean once again and his stomach is twisting with excitement as he sucks and gets fucked. His pleasure is building even as he hears someone call out, "fuck that dirty whore". Dean is high and floating as he lets their voices feed his inner demon. His dick is heavy now, and it swings beneath him like a pendulum. He can feel it all the way down to his knees. His body seems to vibrate with pleasure as it builds to a climax.
As he fumbled around trying to answer, Dean’s mind was spinning. Thinking clearly wasn’t easy with his brain so clouded by lust. Despite the serious nature of the conversation he was having, Dean was still doped out on a hormone cocktail strong enough to make a dead man come, and chemically altered into having a self lubricating asshole. He was a mess. Even at this moment, when he was starting to suspect that this man was some kind of agent or bounty hunter after his father, Dean still only had one clear thought in his head… that he needed sex.
Without slowing down, Dean puts a call through as he shoves his way through the entry door and out onto his porch. Careening out into the cold, he hears an engine rev and his eyes flick to the street to follow the progress of the familiar car as it backs up and begins to pull away from the curb. “Oh no you don’t,” he growls, lurching down the porch steps in his bare feet. Stepping out into the deep snow, he curses as the shock of the cold hits him but he doesn’t stop. He grits his teeth and breaks into a run, one hand clutching his phone and the other keeping his pants up. “Not this time mother-fucker,” he growls, closing the distance between himself and the car. “This time I’ve gotcha.”
Deep inside him, a dull ache that had been present since waking was growing more prominent by the minute. It was getting harder to ignore. Flexing against his restraints, Dean tried to be patient. He knew from experience that prostate stimulation would relieve his ache. More than anything, Dean wanted a cock in him and the steady leak of slick from his eager hole served as the physical proof of it. When he finally heard the telltale click of the keycard reader, Dean nearly sobbed in relief.
Dean tipped his head in acknowledgement, giving his safeword as the man bent down to draw velcro straps around his wrists and ankles. His pulse quickened as he was restrained and his stomach clenched in excitement. The man needed a name, even if Dean wasn’t permitted to speak, and as he turned his head to watch the last strap be pulled into place, he settled upon calling him ‘Darkeyes’.
Dean made a run for the water’s edge and sliced into it with a clean dive. Cas watched the summer sun shimmer across the man’s back as he followed behind him and splashed into cool water. There were far more bodies sunning themselves than actually swimming. Dean and Cas drifted leisurely around the pool for a while before exiting refreshed.
“I think,” Jack says, pausing to yawn, “that I should think about it some more. I’m tired and my head’s starting to hurt. I think I’m going to head upstairs.”
“Didn’t know what?” he asked innocently, grabbing his half empty beer bottle so he’d have something to do with his hands.
Auralia moved slowly and purposefully as they swam into the area, and Dean mimicked her movements, having been taught from an early age not to swim erratically around predators.  They hugged the wall as they moved into the darkness of an unfamiliar cave. The scent of blood in the water was light, and Dean found himself hopeful.
Turns out there’s no such thing as pride at a time like this. Thank fuck nobody else was home. Dean fumbled to the kitchen naked. He hated that he had no lube, but this would do. He knew it would because he’d used it many times before - on himself. He took the bottle of canola oil and returned to his room.
It wasn’t easy remembering the real world when they’d finished. But the clock radio on Dean’s nightstand wouldn’t be ignored as it crept closer to midnight. They begrudgingly crawled out of their cocoon and began pulling their clothes back on. Dean gave Cas a clean pair of underwear and found one for himself. They embraced one last time before they left the comfort of Dean’s room and headed back out into the night. Back to Mr. Crowley’s.
Cas was the personification of all Dean’s desires – or perhaps the foundation for them. Either way, it was impossible to tear eyes away from the shape of that body. The shoulders were broad and strong, waist trim, and the muscles in his back worked artfully as his tail swooped from side to side. What Dean wouldn’t give to taste that skin, touch that tail, and feel those lips on his body. Even thinking of it seemed to swell his cock larger. Clearly enjoying his growing member, Pam clamped down harder and began working more ambitiously. She pushed up from his groin to suck his nipple into her mouth and the feeling was so sensual that he let out a moan, even while his heart was breaking with want for Castiel. She flicked at his nub with her tongue and then slid back down to roll that talented tongue over his tip before gulping him down again.
Crouched down behind the wheel and panic stricken, he’s got no idea what to do next. Should he leave? He can’t start the car and drive away without putting his head up above the dash, otherwise he risks hitting one of the other cars parked along the curb. But yet, if he doesn’t leave then he’s a sitting duck. He’ll just be waiting here in his car for the police to come and arrest him.
“I’m getting life coaching from the dude who sold his soul?” The words were harsh, but Sam took them in the spirit with which they were intended. Jest. Both of them chuckled. “Where’s your old lady?” Dean asked.
“C’mon Cassie. Don’t be mean. I go at least ten minutes,” he teased. Both men were laughing when Cas’ phone sounded. He pulled it from his pocket and looked at the screen. It was Dean. And not a text message either. He was actually calling. Dean was
One of the things that Dean really liked about the rec room was that there were both men and women using it. Today, however, he was in the mood for a heavy handed man so that’s what he hoped to find as he wove his way through to the room in the back that looked like a pool hall. When he arrived, he went straight to the pool table. He would’ve liked to have ordered a drink, but he tried not to think about that particular desire. It’s not like the bartender would have served him anyway. Drinks were only for customers. Besides, no one was allowed to eat or drink on sex days. Anything imbibed might interfere with the drugs they were given or the ‘juice’ that they’d been bottle fed. Not to mention possibly ruining the freshly douched entrances that were offered here.
But this, this was not funny. No adults were going to chuckle about the mischief of young boys when finding out that Dean had brought his eight year old brother into this room. This was… off limits. So very off limits.
Pushing through his own front door, Dean calls out for his father and Bobby as he walks briskly into the living room. Neither is where he left them, but that makes sense. He’s been gone for hours. His mother is home now, calling to him from the kitchen. “They aren’t here,” she hollers. “They went down to Missouri’s place to trade for some soap. Are you hungry? Want some lunch?”
. Nothing was coming to mind. Time seemed to stretch out as his mind raced to produce something, anything. He needed something to cling to in order to keep his heart from breaking. Dean needed to be able to say, ‘This. This thing he said, or, this thing he did… this is how I know.’ But there was nothing.
“She’s an amazing kisser,” replied Sam sheepishly. Dean could practically picture the love-sick-puppy look on his brother’s face, warm eyes and blushing cheeks, his hair flopping in his face because he was finally out from under their drill-sergeant of a father who had always insisted it be kept short.
There’s a sandwich shop on the opposite corner and as they step up to the counter, Dean sees a clock on the wall and realizes that the day’s half gone. They grab a tiny table right in the front window to tear into their food and as they eat, Dean watches Cas while Cas watches the people passing on the sidewalk outside.
A wide smile spreads over Castiel’s face as he gets up from the chair. Dean moves to follow him but as he cautiously gets to his feet, nature calls. “Wait,” he says, halting Cas at the doorway. “I gotta piss.” Heading to the bathroom, his muscles scream in protest. His arms are sore from being bound, as is his back. His hamstrings are worse. Even his calves hurt. As he pulls his sweats down and begins a stream into the bowl, he shouts to Cas in the other room. “Mind if I raid your medicine cabinet?”
Cas was gasping at the burning sensation as he was stretched too far too fast but through it all he never stopped begging for more.
Absently, he wonders why Cas wasn’t with him when he woke this morning, and since his knees have stopped shaking he’s ready to get to his feet. He holds his breath as he uses toilet paper to wipe up the seat so he can sit down and do his morning business. That’s where he’s at when something Cas said comes screaming back to him.
And Dean had to admit, she cleaned up pretty well. Her smile was lovely. When they’d found out she was dead, things were falling apart and hunters were dropping like flies. There had been no time to mourn her, and because of that, Sam had never really had a chance to say good-bye.
Dean watched his parent’s chuckle at his embarrassment. “We’re sorry,” Mary said sweetly. “It’s just that, well, your father and I haven’t been to a Mating Cycle together in a very long time.”
Dean’s heart was racing and he realized now that he was screaming, gills burning with exertion and mouth full of water. Anna was too. Turning toward the cave, Dean saw his father coming toward him. Behind John, a Guardian was fiercely defending the entrance against two sharks at once. Over the chaos, Dean heard Bobby’s voice drawing closer.
But now, to work this case, they’d come to a veritable vacation zone. Hell, they were only a few hours drive from Rufus’s cabin. If he wanted to show Cas a good time, this was a very good place to do it. As they were carrying in their things, Dean was already thinking about the list in his pocket and wondering if maybe he should suggest a good steakhouse for dinner. Cas loved burgers so perhaps a savory steak would be memorable for him.
Graduation has been on the horizon for a long time now, but over the past few days it’s been like a freight train coming at him. His dad’s been running around like a crazy person, staying up all hours and obsessing over his lists. For Jack, however, graduation is less about physically getting things done and more about mentally coming to grips with what’s happening. It’s too bad, really, because physically working on a list of tasks like his father has been doing would probably be much simpler. Instead, he’s got this huge benchmark approaching and it’s going to affect his life in countless ways. Accepting the reality that his life is about to change is the hard part. Well, for him. The other kids at school don’t seem to be struggling with it much.
The winning bidder wound up being an older woman, plump around the middle and and wearing too many rings on her short, stubby fingers. He tried to keep his mind on pleasing her but his heart wasn’t in it. The same held true in the Rec Room. The voracious sexual appetite he’d had in the past seemed to be completely gone. Sure, his dick ached and his asshole clenched hungrily, but the desires of his genitals no longer seemed powerful enough to override the emotional hangover that he was dealing with.
Most of the night was spent digging a hole big enough for three bodies. His arms and back quickly grew sore as he worked, but he managed to finish. This wasn’t the first time that Dean had dragged bodies to an unmarked grave. But it
Dean hates the whimper that slips from his open mouth as feels his rim widen around that salacious tongue. Suddenly changing his mind about his jeans, Dean begins scrambling to get out of them. He might die of lust and he’s never felt so desperate to get naked or so challenged in getting out of his clothes and
As their path takes them closer to the downtown area, Jack is surprised by the hustle and bustle on the sidewalks. Every storefront on Main Street has an extravagant scene lit up in its display window and the lamp posts that line the sidewalk each bear a festive wreath. The street is packed, cars inching along bumper to bumper, and every parking meter is occupied.
When he gets back to the house, he parks his ancient beast of a car in it’s usual spot before carefully pulling the cover over her. He also puts his things back into their hiding place and double checks everything before finally opening the garage door and pulling his pride and joy into its usual spot.
“I’m starving,” he growls as they walk through the entrance. The rich scent of marinara hangs thick in the air and the heavenly smell has Dean’s mouth watering in anticipation. The place is decorated predominantly in red and when they’re seated in a booth, they don’t wait to order.
“I don’t know,” answered Cas, not wanting to admit he was having some doubts. “I guess I’m just thinking things over. This whole decision to move in together is so sudden. It’s quite impulsive for me and I’m starting to wonder if I’m crazy to do this… just jump into all these changes with you…”
began playing through his mind, Dean was already looking up into the face of his attacker and registering that it didn’t intend to kill him.
Back at the main concourse, Dean stopped short. There, right before his eyes was a woman he’d not seen for more years than he could count. “Ellie?” he said as he stepped up to her. She turned to look at him, but didn’t seem to recognize him at all. “It’s me, Dean Winchester. Remember? I worked one summer at the Granville Ranch… you used to manage it, right?”
The process was painful for him because the bump and bumble of her fingers was enticing enough to keep keep him perpetually swelling. At this point, he was so erotically charged that the pain was just egging him on. When the lock sprung, she grimaced as she tried to gently lift it away from his chubby pecker, the reddened flesh of which was swelling out from from between the little metal bars that encased his shaft. It felt like tiny teeth sinking into his delicate genital tissue.
Castiel took a deep breath and continued by saying, “You know, my mother complains about it every Christmas. She says that between Jim’s wandering eye and me being gay, she’s doomed to have no grandchildren.”
“Well,” Dean stammered, “Yeah, man, we’re fine I guess. I mean, he’s bandaged up pretty good. But he’ll pull through.”
However, once he looked around from outside of the wall’s protection, he’d been quite surprised to find that he’d actually done it. Being out in the open had been exciting. Thrilling. But it had also been terrifying. Surrounded by tall, un-kept grass and brambles Dean had looked around with keen eyes. A fool’s errand this had been, for sure, but how could he not? He’d always been investigative.
As his eyes slid down Dean’s body, Alex smirked and shot back, “You’re a real slut for cock, aintcha?”
“Sho is. So, what is it that’s got you so spun for the twin? I mean, Jim seemed like he’d be on board. But his twin doesn’t give ya the time of day?”
At first, Dean assumed that the videos would be ruined for him now that the mystery of what Dr. Cum Control looked like was solved. But he soon came to realize that wasn’t the case. In fact, now that he knew what Cas looked like in real life, his desires were even more intense. Now, more than ever, Dean wanted to be restrained under those hands. One night, as he was trying to choose which video to watch, he found himself preoccupied with the submission box.
“That’s fine. But this week you’ll still be getting up, since you’re signed up to help with the adoption event. After that you may do what you like.”
“Aint that the truth,” he laughs. Then he tips the flask in a ‘cheers’ type gesture and says, “To good friends.” When the man has taken a pull, he hands it back. Dean takes a third and fourth before letting his head tip back on the seat to enjoy the soft buzz that’s setting in. He doesn’t open his eyes or acknowledge Gordon in any way, but he feels it when the man draws closer. The skin on the back of his neck prickles when he feels the flask lifted from his hand, an errant finger stroking along the back of Dean’s hand in the process.
On the upside, stressful events over the past few days seemed to have given him a crash course in thinking through the fog and, as he was escorted into the Salon, Dean was mentally preparing himself to stay focused and think things through.
His asshole misses that mouth the second it pulls away from him to murmur, “I could do this all night,” before delving right back into him.
“I mean it,” he added, keeping his eyes closed as he made the promise, “When you’re an old man and you’re thinking back on your life, I hope you remember me. And I hope it'll make you happy to know that you’re the only person I’ve ever let inside me like this.”
Dean was speechless, but as he looked at Sam’s face and saw that his brother was serious, it was too easy to believe. Something about this was credible. It rang true. Not logically maybe, but on a base level at Dean’s core. Some underlying part of Dean, the part of himself that he rarely acknowledged, the part that believed in God. That part believed Sam without question.
He’s stiff from having slept on the ground and as he stretches he takes stock of the various manifestations of pain, each a reminder of something wickedly erotic he'd enjoyed the night before . The wounds on his neck are stinging and throbbing, but he's glad to have received them. He's mildly sore between his cheeks and it's going to sting like hell when he takes his morning dump. But, again, the pain is pleasurable because he enjoyed the deed that led to it.
Back in the car, they got on the interstate and headed east. Five grueling hours with their only stop taking place in the first twenty minutes. That was as long as he could wait to get into a stall and blow ass.
With extreme caution he’d moved through the house filling a cardboard box. He liberated a few packages of cured meat from their storage in the cellar and a few leftover goodies from their holiday meal that he’d thought might not be missed. Also tucked into the box was some food he’d snuck from his own plate at Christmas dinner… bland compared to the rich and decadent foods he’d enjoyed back when he was a boy, but quite a treat compared to raw, uncooked meat that the monsters usually had to tear from a warm body.
“Um, right here,” he jokes, gesturing at the couch he’s sitting on with Chris. “But I can see how you didn’t notice, considering your face has been glued to Kaia’s all night long.”
With his ass still in the air and Cas still gripping his hips, Dean notices it when he feels the man’s thrusts become erratic. He groans aloud as his body registers the tension in the locked frame behind him and knows that Cas Kline is pumping a load into the condom. For some reason, this knowledge is so exhilarating to Dean that he feels another pulse of cum slip from his own tip.
“Sorrento must’ve done it when they came to waste us,” said Benny. “I mean, clearly Quentin was no boy scout, but I can’t believe he would’ve done anything to hurt that woman. She was like a mother to him. She was family. Blood.”
He greeted her with a smirk and his usual swagger, both of which were second nature to him and pretty much his default setting. “Hey Maggie, welcome to the shit show. Or, possibly the greatest show on earth. Depends on the day.”
"It's okay," reassured Cas. "Lucky for me, I was always pretty skilled at pulling in marks on the midway. I was more valuable bringing him souls than I would have been turning tricks for a few bills out back."
“Oh hell no,” he mutters, leaping from his knees to his feet. Barreling through the house, he lets the binoculars clatter to the floor in favor or snatching his cell from the end table as he shoots past it.
Outside the store he turned back towards the Contempo Café and put in an order for himself as well as for Gabe and Kali. As he was waiting, the monorail blew in overhead. A swirl of displaced air swept past him as he looked up to watch the train glide to a stop. After pausing to board passengers, the train breezed out again and left the air to grow still. Considering how long the line was, it didn’t take long to get his food. Back in the elevator he checked his watch. He’d been gone forty minutes. Plenty of time. This was Gabe after all… not Hercules.
Dean discreetly palmed his brother a few twenties and told him to show her a good time. After separating from them, he turned his attention to scanning the crowd. He walked up and down the midway several times. When he bumped into people that he knew he was polite, but he only had eyes for one person. Too bad he had no idea what that person would look like now. Ultimately, what he was doing was scouring the place for a guy that was roughly his own age with amazing blue eyes. Hours went by with no luck and eventually he had to concede that it wasn’t going to happen.
Clearing the dishes from the living room and the table was the extent of his interest in chores tonight, so he left everything piled in the sink. Locking the entry door and turning out the lights, Dean traded his jeans and flannel for trackpants and a soft t-shirt. He had planned on watching a bit more television before turning in for the night. But, the fact that his favorite pie was sitting in the fridge seemed to be nagging at him.
“You should be able to leave now, Dean. Just exit as though you’ve used the facilities and walk to your car. It’s unlikely anyone will recognize you if you just stay calm and blend in with the others who are leaving.”
Dean remained mostly silent as they rode through the camp which was eerily familiar. The jeep came to a stop in front of a medium sized cabin. Their guides leapt down from the jeep and headed inside, not turning to see if Dean and his company were even following. Once inside, they were ushered to a large table that sat empty in the center of the room. Taking seats around it, they were introduced to Bobby’s inner circle. There was only one person amongst them that Dean recognised at all - a man named Yeager who he’d seen shot when he’d visited this camp in another time and another dimension.
Reaching for a little kit in lieu of the soap, she began opening it as she answered his question. “Think about it, Dean, we all have to declare allegiance to some religion and then subject ourselves to its morals and judgements.”
When the man sighed, Dean could tell that his words had hurt as much as they’d helped. Since there was nothing he could say to make Benny feel better, he opted for distraction instead. With emboldened hands, Dean began working the buttons open on Benny’s shirt starting from the bottom. Watching skin reveal itself, Dean realized how different things would be between them after this. Even if this was a one-time thing, for as long as they knew each other, they’d always remember the smell and taste of one another… and Dean would always remember that Benny had tiny freckles dusted across his abdomen.
The images displayed were grainy and difficult to see. They had to back up and rewatch over and over. The register cam only glimpsed their soccer mom for a few moments and from an awkward angle. It was obvious that this camera was positioned to watch the cashier handle money, not to see what the customers were doing. But, the soccer mom wasn’t the only person of interest in the frame. To Dean’s surprise, Jody pointed out a man in the background of the video, next in line to pay behind the soccer mom, and told them that he was the missing electrician. In fact, he and the woman appeared to exchange a few words as the transaction was taking place.
"What do I do," asked Cas, still clutching his coin, "if I want to go straight, or turn when there's no corner?"
The ground is trampled now, the grasses matted to the earth and soaked in blood. The bodies of dead and dying wolves are scattered about and as they begin to walk through the carnage, Dean watches his brother fire a shot into the head of one that's still squirming. Between the two of them, Sammy had always been the kinder and more empathetic. Unwilling to allow suffering, even in by an enemy, Sam continues putting a slug into those who are injured but still alive as they move forward.
The room is silent while the students work and Dean spends that time covertly texting his nerdy brother. He sends gif after gif, chuckling under his breath as Sam sends him back repeated warnings to knock it off.
“You’re the first man who’s ever slept in my bed, Dean. I’m glad you’re here, but I don’t know how to act.”
“Well, I’m no expert on tellin’ people how I feel,” admitted Dean honestly. “For some reason, it’s hard for me. Always has been. But the people I love, I think they know it. Even if they never hear me say it.”
A moment later when that teasing tongue abruptly shoots forward to penetrate him, Dean nearly loses his mind. He’d had no idea that something boneless like a tongue could possibly be used to spear him open and push its way inside, but it had. When the action is repeated, he nearly comes with the thrill of it and pre-cum gurgles from the tip of his dick. “Fuck!” he curses aloud, jacking himself harder and faster now.
The drive home was hell, his erection not subsiding despite the cold sensation of dread that had spread over him. He’d had a brush with something unnatural… something otherworldly… something inherently evil and deceptive. It chilled him to the bone.
“Not this time,” said John, not turning to look at them in the back seat. “I’ve got a buddy that’s havin’ a hard time right now. Gonna swing by his place and check in on him. But, I’ll be back to pick you boys up at eleven. Make sure you’re at the front gate by then, ok?”
The two swam together within the group, watching for familiar sights as they went and trying to use familiar sights as markers to predict where they were headed. So far, The Boneyard was the only location the school had visited since he and Cas joined. It was indeed where Mary worked. The Builders congregated at the Boneyard every waking cycle. They worked constantly to take the bones and bits of uneaten food and recycle it into new formations. Boneyard workers, known as Builders, had a multitude of different duties divided between them. Some transported materials while others sorted. Some broke big bones into small pieces while others ground small pieces into a fine pulp. Some jobs were performed alone and others were completed by small groups. The builders rotated through jobs, changing often to keep from getting bored.
Pausing briefly at the entrance, Dean took a deep breath before pushing through the unguarded flaps. As he stepped inside, Sam’s face teased at the backs of his eye lids; not the sickeningly sad face of the young man who’d appeared on his doorstep a few days ago, but the sweet and tender face of a child beset with puppy-dog eyes and rosy cheeks. This was not Sam. It was Sammy. Dean’s heart stuttered as that boyish countenance smiled at him from a distant memory. Willfully he pushed the image of it down, trying to keep his mind focused on the task at hand.
Dean wound up with an Elder. Elders were just that… old. Their prime years had come and gone. They were revered within society for their knowledge and experience as well as for the uncommon accomplishment of having reached old age. Elders still worked, despite being too old for hard labor. After all, what else would one do with all their time? But at work, the Elders were primarily gave advice and helped solve problems. When they did engage in manual labor, they spent their time doing whatever task they felt like doing and took breaks whenever they wanted to.
As expected, the pile of homework waiting on his bed sucks beyond the telling of it. He does his math first, figuring he’ll get it out of the way. Moving on to his Econ assignment, he finds his eyes already blurring. He isn’t especially tired, just tired of doing things he doesn’t want to do. Snapping back and forth with Claire and a few others as he works, he tries to be mature and finish. But, the temptation to just set it all aside and turn on the television is strong.
Dean screams loudly as his hole is violently speared open, experiencing both pain and relief at exactly the same time. His fingers clench at the hard ground under him and his knees scrape across the rock as they spread wider under the weight bearing down on him. A hot breath gusts over the back of his neck and he feels sharp canine incisors come to rest on the soft skin there as he's brutally impaled. On his naked back, Dean feels soft fur and warm belly settle over him and he groans as his rim is spread wider and wider. His Ware isn’t even fully seated yet, but Dean can’t help it. He blows his load right then, spurting hot jizz onto the stone floor of the cave between his spread knees.
Dean looked around at the stainless steel appliances, granite counters, and maple cabinets. There was a set of stools lined up along the breakfast bar and Dean slid into one as his friend knocked about the kitchen. Then, with drinks in hand, they walked back into the front room.
“It’s heavy,” he grins. Then, looking back and forth between his dad and the Coach, he asks, “Should I open it now?”
“Yeah,” she says, “and then out of nowhere you just kind of notice…” Claire’s voice trails off as they stand there with arms still linked, but then she adds, “It’s really pretty.”
As he went about his work, Castiel drifted into the room, coming to stand next to him. “Heya, Cas,” he greeted without looking up.
Dean opened his eyes for a moment, looking to Benny with a silent question in his eyes. When the man gave him an affirmative nod, he began working in earnest. Transforming himself from sleepy cock warmer into active dick sucker, Dean grinned around the girth of the man proudly as Benny gently patted Dean’s head encouragingly. All the while, Alfie was fucking into him from behind and with his own cock swinging heavily between his legs, Dean grew increasingly exuberant. A cockslut at heart, he relished the ongoing job of delivering a top-notch blow job even while being fucked. He bathed the man’s shaft with his tongue, sucked at the tip and teased the slit, then pressed his nose into damp flesh so he could take balls into his mouth and hum on them, suck on them and swallow around them before returning to the shaft so he could repeat the entire process again only with more urgency.
Gabe continually moved her high chair around the table, meticulously keeping her back to the action as the characters worked their way across the dining room. They had not told her she’d be seeing any characters at breakfast but her little autograph book was tucked discretely in the diaper bag for the occasion.
Currently pressed against the door, Stephens and his girlfriend are sharing a cigarette. She’s on his lap and as they take turns puffing, they exhale out the cracked window. Regardless, the cab is filled with smoke, cloudy and suffocating.
It was a tight fit, two grown men jammed into such a confined space. The smell was overpowering and for half a second, Dean wondered if this had simply been the safest place to finally kiss. But, again, Castiel surprised him. The man reached around behind Dean and tugged off a long string of toilet paper. Maneuvering around Dean’s elbow, he then flipped a lever on the makeshift sink and held his wad under the trickle to wet it. With a ball of soaking toilet tissue, Cas leaned in and began wiping clown makeup from Dean’s face. Having caught on, Dean collected a fistful from the roll with the intention of reciprocating. But Cas stopped him saying, “Leave mine on.”
Dean didn’t let his eyes follow her, forcing himself to continue moving items around on the shelf as though looking for a particular bin. Just then, Sam stepped in.
Gritting his teeth as the man pulled back without a moment to adjust, Dean leaned into the wall and tried to ignore the burning sensation in his rim and focus on the carnal, lascivious feel of that wide cock being dragged almost all the way back out of him. He loved the way his muscle clung to the flesh of it, needy and wanting, holding onto the intrusion greedily.
Although, if he was going to settle down, he’d probably like to do it with someone like her. She was relatively easy going, and she had her own life which didn’t revolve around his. As the town’s most successful realtor, she kept quite busy. And, in her evening hours, her stint as the town’s only real yoga instructor kept her nice and bendy. Lisa was a great lay. She said the same of him too, and between polite dates with her multiple suitors she kept her bedroom skills sharp by practicing with Dean. Vigorously.
“Well, the neighbors aren’t unaffected. We got a call down at the station. I sent a deputy out there to check the scene and take a statement.”
Since there had been a fairly long pause; each party weighing one another up and the hunter waiting for Cas’ response, the man eventually seemed to lose his aggressive posture and his shoulders caved in as he sighed and stared towards the floor. He ran a hand through his short hair.
His mother was a sore spot. Somehow, like fate was fucking with him, he’d ended up in the same house as a member of the very same family who’s caused Mary Winchester’s death. Being in the same space as a Milton was forcing his feelings to rear their ugly heads and Dean Winchester did not deal well with them.
Dean shot round like a startled cat, his face immediately darkening at the sight of him. Castiel was at a loss to why that would be. He can’t have done anything in his sleep. So why did Dean look like he was ready to gut him? The hunter’s mood swings were already starting to bother him and he hadn’t known the man more than a day.
Dean didn’t know exactly what the other man had done to make him say that. Sure, he’d put two and two together and knew that the warlock was the source of that little episode. But the way Castiel was looking at him – well it wasn’t making him feel all warm and fuzzy. The hunter was left speechless and a little disorientated, words remained unformed in his mouth.
“Everything I kill had it coming. If it hasn’t done shit, I leave it alone,” Dean folding his arms and stared him down.
“I can’t believe we haven’t been doing this the whole time.” He was still unable to let go of the trench coat, but Cas didn’t seem to mind, he dropped the hand that was around his neck to his waist. His hands felt like they were burning handprints through his clothes as he calmed down.
A spark of energy flickered in the warlock’s eyes. It wasn’t the first time Cas had been threatened within his own home and the last time it happened, it had ended with a hunter immobile (but still breathing – if barely) on the porch. In fact, the only reason he hadn’t thrown the rudely behaved man out of his house was because that he was clearly terrified for his sibling, “I don’t appreciated being threatened by the person I’m trying to help,” his voice rumbled out calmly but with a hit of a warning that the hunter couldn’t fail to miss. Cas wouldn’t continue to tolerate it. There was a limit to his patience.
“I’m not avoiding you,” Cas automatically responded and if one thing hadn’t changed it was that Cas was usually a really, just truly awful, liar.
Cas nodded, “I’m fairly certain that it’s within my power, though it will take time. The curse is powerful so to eradicate it completely will be a fairly long process,” he would need to concoct something that would increase the rate of healing. The quicker they were out of his hair, the better.
“What the fuck did you do to me, you bastard?!” words finally escaped him in rapid succession. He no longer cared that he should probably try to be polite for Sammy’s sake because the warlock had branded him as if he were cattle. His daemon agreed, if her snarling was anything to go by. She was on her feet in less than a second, her ears flat and teeth bared..
His magic had never reacted like that before. It had never burned anyone – it had done more harm than Cas wished but he’d (for the most part) been consciously making those choices. Consciously used his power violently. But that was a thing mostly of the past and now he sold remedies.
Dean dropped his hand to his side and his daemon sniffed at it. Her nose wrinkled. Cas watched as the other man and his daemon shared a moment, communicating silently through their body language. Castiel looked away and found some dressing in a first aid tin for Dean to wrap round his arm.
Cas looked how he always did, except there was something different, or rather something that reminded him of the first time he’d met the angel, something a little closer to Robo-Cas than Dean was entirely comfortable with.
And that - that hurt something awful. Once again that pain, the tightness in his chest that had made him feel like he couldn’t breathe, was back. Not that it had truly even left since Cas had died for him yet again.
Burning a hand print into Dean’s arm wasn’t the most shameful things Castiel had done, but it was up there in the greatest hits. At least this mark would heal, which he couldn’t say was the case for some of the other things he’d done. Speaking of healing, though, the Winchesters were going to put a rather large dent into his supplies. But, he supposed, some of that was his own fault. He was just relieved that there would be no long lasting damage to the hunter. Not because he was attached to Dean in any way - that would be ridiculous - but because he didn’t want any of his magic causing harm someone who didn’t deserve it.
It had been a while since he’d been drained like this and he forgotten how dizzy and sickened he became.  Magic was part was his very essence and it was declining dramatically within him. The room appeared to be spinning round at an alarming rate and the fact he hadn’t passed out yet was a miracle in itself. He was no longer certain on whether it was the room shaking, or him.
“Stay the hell away from us,” Dean spat at him. Cas could do nothing but relay his look of confusion, he didn’t break away from Dean’s thunderous face to give his daemon a look for fear that the moment he did so, Dean would do something they’d both likely regret. The wolf by Dean’s side was showing off her equally lethal teeth, aiming it at Sofia. Sofia didn’t bother responding; she didn’t know what they were meant to be fighting about this time.
As Cas straightened his posture from leaning partially over the bigger Winchester, he asked, “So Bobby sent you?” Dean had name dropped the much older hunter when they moved Sam into the house. Cas wished he’d known in advance. It was possible that Bobby he called him but he’d not had his phone with him.
Finally, after hearing several more grunted out swearwords, Cas decided enough was enough and shoved the sheets off of himself and dragged himself from his position on the bed onto his feet. His daemon was unimpressed and her big eyes displayed the mild irritation she was feeling towards Dean disturbing them.
The worrying black lines on his brother’s arm hadn’t gone anywhere since Castiel’s interference. That was the biggest relief. His brother wasn’t getting any worse and he no longer writhed in pain as he had done when Cas had begun his treatment.
“Yep. Can you fix him?” Cas could detect a hit hope that he would bet the hunter was trying to conceal from him.
Dean noticed that the warlock had become significantly paler; he looked about as good as Dean felt. His own wounds put out of mind, he kept a cautious eye on the guy also noticing how his daemon wobbled where it was perched. Dean didn’t have the foggiest to what kind of cat it was. It looked to him like a slightly overgrown, spotty housecat. Or a really small leopard.
“Does your kitchen usually look like this?” Dean asked, crossing his arms and kicking some of the broken glass lightly across the floor. His daemon sniffed at some of the stray plant resting on his floor but came no further in to avoid getting glass in her paws.
Dean swears he catches something that looks like guilt briefly broke the stoic facade. “Well, now you have my attention. What did you want to talk about?”
Dean looked down and did his best to follow instructions, fumbling in the dark. Ahead, he saw a thick line of light in the shape of a square and then with a clunk, a panel in the floor was pulled up. Cas was standing over a trap door. He’d been changing too. Cas was no longer an ape - he was a clown. Dean stepped forward and leapt down into the square of light. His knees popped again when he hit the hard ground. Then, the weight of another body crashing down on top of him sent him sprawling. Blinking at the blindness that came from plunging out of darkness and into bright light, Dean scrambled to get his feet under him.
“Me too,” Dean replied softly, looking unabashedly into the cerulean eyes that had haunted his dreams for so many years. Neither one of them bothered turning off the lamp and, in the amber glow, Castiel looked incredible. His eyes were bright and focused, his chest was heaving and his hands were frenzied as they stripped Dean out of his clothes.
“Sure I do,” he answered haughtily. Sinking down a little too fast just to prove his point, Dean began rocking back onto the man’s cock. Increasing his speed, Dean worked the man beneath him into a frenzy. He cupped his flaccid cock in his own palm when he grew tired of it flopping around. He had to work hard to get Ron off and it took longer than he would’ve expected. In the aftermath, Dean was sweaty enough to warrant a shower. But, drunk as he was, he didn’t bother getting up to take one.
All the kids, and many of the adults, wave back at him and cheer as he takes his place. There are event staff around, some in plain clothes so as not to stick out, and others in the uniforms of park attendants. He’s been out here for less than ninety seconds and he’s already sweating. He bends down to greet his first admirer and brings his giant white gloves to his face in a gesture of glee to meet this little girl and her mother. Dropping to one knee, he embraces her, balancing with skill to remain poised despite the awkward costume and her exuberant, unpredictable movements. He pauses at the right moment and waits for the okay from the handler that indicates they have successfully taken a picture. Then he takes her autograph book from her carefully and signs it flawlessly. As he hands it back to her and makes an overdone gesture to give her a high five, she and her mother are gently herded away by staff members. Another family steps up and he begins again, greeting them with no less enthusiasm. This he will do, until he’s given a signal by the staff. Then, and only then, will he retreat from the heat and the pressure. He’ll step “back stage” at that point and be relieved by another Minnie. He’ll use a towel to dry his sweat and down a bottle of Gatorade. He’ll have about twenty minutes to rest and cool down. Then, he’ll sling an ice pack around his neck, put his giant head back on and step back on stage. He and another actor will basically be taking turns in short intervals all day long… because about thirty minutes is all a human could stand of the oppressive heat in that heavy costume without fainting.
He was stunned and he found himself taking a small step back. His mouth parted at the dismissive tone laced into Cas’ voice. But no, he wasn’t going to let Cas derail him.
Although not directly staring at Cas any longer, it made the warlock think he’d misjudged his age - he appeared younger than had Cas first thought. Younger than him by a few years, Castiel estimated. But not many.
“You listen here, boy,” Bobby interrupted, sensing Dean was about to protest, “Good people are on it. You do not need to get involved with this,”
The problem was that Dean felt guilty; there was a pit in his stomach and the fight was replaying in his head like a goddamn film clip that wouldn’t stop repeating. It was driving him nuts He should have asked Cas to explain himself but all he’d done was work himself up and start a fight before Cas even knew what was wrong. He hadn’t been able to think straight and now instead of kicking him out, Cas was making him breakfast as if Dean hadn’t tried to assault him twenty minutes ago. He still felt the shock of magic hitting him - he didn’t blame Castiel though, how could he?
Castiel opened his eyes, fully in control of his magic, and watched the blue tinged power flow from his palm through his patient’s chest. If someone were to touch his hand, Cas knew, it would feel burning hot but he couldn’t feel anything but a tingle – almost like pins and needles. Starting from the heart would help protect it from any effects of the dark magic and then Cas would work backwards. Unfortunately there were several reasons it couldn’t be done all at once.
He handed the small jar to his unexpected guest, “Use sparingly. You don’t need a lot for it to make a huge difference,” he was just sorry Dean had to use it at all, “and, ah, I get you some dressing to wrap around it.”
But Cas was now struggling to keep his head up and his concentration was wavering. The only mercy was that Cas didn’t have the power for there to be a surge that would surely obliterate Sam’s insides instantly, but much more of it and the younger hunter wouldn’t be able to handle that either.
Probably sensing Dean’s fear, Bobby didn’t respond with his usual sarcastic comment whenever Dean said something of the kind. “That’s what I’m here for,” he responded gruffly, “What’s wrong, boy?”
Instead of answering, Dean was met with Cas’ demanding kiss and this time when Cas pulled away, Dean tried to follow but Cas’s right hand was now gripped in his hair, stopping him. He whined at the denial and bit his lip to try and stop the noises escaping his mouth as sparks of heat travelled down his spine when his hair was tugged in the process.
“You’re not an idiot, Dean,” Cas rebuked, sounding a little exasperated but mostly still just dazed. He seemed to shake himself out of his stupor and closed the distance further between them, standing absolutely in Dean’s personal space but he certainly wasn’t complaining now. “You are one of the most frustrating humans I’ve ever met and there is no part of me that wouldn’t fall time and time again just to be by your side.”
And then there was Dean, not the hunter, but the brother who was desperate enough to come to stranger in the middle of the night to ask for help. Dean didn’t strike Cas as the type of person who did that often. He didn’t half frustrate him but god knows he didn’t have the heart to tell Dean to leave until he wanted to go and there was also a tiny intrusive thought at the back of his mind that he was doing his best to ignore – telling Dean was out of the question. Honesty was meant to be the best policy, but somehow he didn’t think that telling the man that actually the mark could be something more than they thought, would be a good idea. It might not be a huge problem, if Cas ignored it, it might even go away on its own. He hoped that it would.
Dean shoved a couple of the upstairs doors open until his found a bedroom and took the passed out man in his arms to the bed and dropped him on to it – or tried to because then Cas returned partly to the world.
Cas was yanked out of his internal thoughts a little time later by the impact of the glass jar being placed on the table. Dean was back.
Dean didn’t say anything. His brother was lying peacefully on the bed next to him, occasionally his left arm twitching. It was so subtle that it was barely noticeable. He met his daemon’s eyes, which were widened with concern and her ears were pricked straight up, trying to listen in to the conversation with Bobby.
He tried to shove the feeling down and a shape pain pulled him back out of his thoughts. Sofia was digging claws into his arm, not so much to draw blood, but enough to almost hurt and snatch away from her in instinct.
“Heal me?” Dean laughed, cruelly. “I’m sure,” even in the concussed state he was in, he hadn’t lost his sarcasm. Cas tried not to let it grate at his nerves but Dean had a way of get on every single one of them and he’s known him for less than twenty-four hours. As Cas was considering giving up and fixing him with the brush of his fingers, Dean mumbled, “You’re a Milton.”
For a moment, Cas had no idea what he was talking about. But then it hit him – the family photograph taken when he was much younger on a holiday. Before Cas knew – before they all knew – what the family business really was. Though Cas suspected Michael and Lucifer, the more he thought about it, probably already knew or were at least vaguely aware of what was truly happening. How they made their fortune. It had been a rude awakening when he found out and he hadn’t even been meant to, at least not at that point. Naomi, his mother, hadn’t believed him to be ready. Cas supposed she was right but he never stopped feeling relieved that Gabriel at told him.
Rest sounded incredibly appealing. But there was just one slight problem; Cas was not comfortable Dean, a fully functioning hunter no less, roaming around his house whilst he slept.
him, Dean somehow managed to get himself impaled on the world's most inconvenient nail and find himself a new resident in heaven. Bobby had been the one to greet him and very obviously dropped hints that he should go find Cas since apparently he was, once again, back from the dead and helping Jack out.
Remedies of which the main ingredient was strung all over his kitchen floor. He sighed for what felt like the hundredth time that day. He was too tired for this. He longed to fall into his bed and, for the second time that day, pass out. His daemon was doing a lot better job of disguising the exhaustion he knew she must be feeling. There was also another feeling he couldn’t deny. It was something he’d missed without realising it after having adjusted to it all these years. Company. Of course, he had Sofia but she was part of him. Dean was entirely separate and whilst he was aggressive, he obviously cared a lot for his brother and his presence was making life more interesting despite the fact he’d not been here long.
“What I wouldn’t give to know what you’re thinking right now,” Dean tells him, preparing to stuff his last bite into his mouth.
After, he drives back to her place. But, he doesn’t attempt to get her into bed and he doesn’t promise to call her either. Instead, he’s completely honest. He tells her that he had a great time, that he’s glad they met, and that he really hopes she winds up liking it here. Then, he leans in and gives her a soft kiss on the cheek. He hopes it conveys his warm feelings to her, but he’s careful to make sure that there’s no illusions of passion either. The friend zone. That’s where he wants her.
For the next few moments, Jack debates about whether or not to put his hand in the air. Had he ever felt isolated and alone? Sure. But is he willing to chance admitting that in front of a room full of students and teammates? Seconds tick by on the wall clock which, in the silence of the room right now, is loud and clear. No one is giggling or whispering. Everything is still. Assuming that this is an indication that no one is peaking, Jack goes ahead and raises his hand.
“Dude,” Dean interrupted, looking around at the carousel and other staples, “This is all kiddie stuff.”
“You’ve said that I’m wrong about your father; that he’s not a murderer despite evidence to the contrary.”
“I’ll see you at eight for pie,” she said as she gave him his collar and cuffs. Then she backed away from him smiling.
“How many tickets is it?” he asked, his eyes finally locating a small stand where tickets could be purchased.
“Okay,” Dean said, getting to his feet, “I’m gonna go take care of a little business and when I get back, we’re gonna go find out who the fuck ‘The Boss’ is. We’re gonna show ‘em what happens when you fuck with Benny Lafitte, and then we’re gonna get me some crawfish and a souvenir “I sucked the head” t-shirt.”
“Back taxes?” the man asks, obviously joking. But also, he’s obviously needling. It’s like he just wants to keep Cas talking. It’s, well, it’s weird.
“Sentimentality, I guess.” It’s a blatant lie. And for some unknown reason, Cas feels like the man can tell.
Taking in a deep breath and letting it out, Dean steps closer and drops his arm around Castiel’s shoulder. “I gotta say, Cas, I’m really likin’ this ‘friend’ thing we got goin’.”
“Damn right he is,” confirmed Dean, “She fuckin’ delivered him Sammy. The next time we saw her, she was goin’ after Lucifer and trying’ to punch him through the portal. Now, here we are about to go through that same portal and she’s spent the last few days anglin’ to try and take every hunter we know along for the ride?”
The scrapyard was called Riverside for a reason. This property hugged the Ohio River for at least a hundred yards. There was a designated lane for barges to pull up near the shore and an overhead crane on the dock for moving large containers of metal onto them. Nearby were half a dozen rusting ships and containers that sat at least ten feet deep in the muddy river water which had obviously been there for quite some time and weren’t going anywhere any time soon. A large paved lot stood between the sorting yard and the river. Based on the signage and the yellow lines painted on the ground, this area was used for employee parking during the day, as well as for access to the river. Carefully calculating the incline and the amount of space available, Dean felt a lazy smile come to his lips. “Fuckin’ perfect,” he muttered.
Unlike most other nights, he’s not working to tune out a blaring television as he tries to get off. The room around him is devoid of distractions and the only sounds are the ones he makes, like the rhythmic squicking of lube under his palm as he jerks off and his own heavy breathing. He kind of wishes that he’d taken the time to get out more supplies though. He’d like to fuck into something more than just his hand tonight, but he doesn’t want to break the spell he’s fallen under as his mind reproduces the scene he’d witnessed earlier.
“Naw man, that’s cool, that’s cool. Ya know, the maids thought it looked like fun. And I gotta say, I’d play baby games too if I got to pull me some hot tail into a hiding place. The game’s genius. I always knew ya had it in ya, man.”
“Well, you figured wrong,” he replies, leaning towards Dean conspiratorially. “But that’s ‘cause you didn’t know that Mildred’s niece is stayin’ with her while she’s sick.”
“My phone’s gonna die,” she answers, crossing the room to grab her backpack from its resting place on her desk chair. He continues munching on chips while watching her dig through the bag, fish out her charging cable, and plug it in.
Not long after Sam was born, Castiel’s mother finally conceived. In preparation to be a big brother himself, Cas had taken an even greater interest in Sammy. Little baby Gabriel was along soon after, a tiny little thing… much smaller than Sam had been.
Dean grins wickedly at Benny, wondering if the man has any idea what Dean just did. He watches as Benny looks to the audience gathered around them and waves another man in. A cheer goes up from the spectators as the newcomer shoves up behind Dean and sinks in with no preamble.
While mentally perusing his spank-bank arsenal, Dean tried to single out a person he was attracted to… that way he’d have someone good in mind as he played out a kinky scene in his head. Oddly enough, the image that kept coming to mind was of the shy guy who’d been avoiding his gaze in the gallery that morning… the nervous dude with the frumpy trench coat and ruggedly handsome face. Sure, the guy was good looking. But he was timid and shy. Not really Dean’s type. Preferring someone more exciting to fantasize about, Dean tried to discard the man’s image and move on to someone else. But, oddly enough, he couldn’t. So, even though it was a bit odd to be fixated on someone this way, Dean decided to just go with it and see where a fantasy of this man might take him.
“Back when I was in high school, the internet was brand new and people were just starting to figure out what it was. It wasn’t something that most people used as part of their daily lives. Nobody had phones in their pockets back then and there was no such thing as google. If we had to do a report for school, or if we had a question that we were too embarrassed to ask, we had to actually go to the library and look up that topic in the card catalog, choose a few books that we thought might contain the information we needed, and then hunt down those books out on the shelves. I bet you can all guess how much time I spent in the library every week, right?”
“Well, don’t fuck it up,” he teased. Taking a deep breath, Dean sighed on the exhale and said, “I just knew you’d be happy there.”
It’s not unusual to see a parent around town and not really remember having met them before. Unless they’re a trouble-maker, a known gossip, or incredibly attractive, most aren’t memorable in the least. But, since Cas definitely qualifies as the latter, it’s fair to say that the memory of those piercing eyes and warm handshake will stay with him.
Though his dreams had been carnal and erotic, when he lingered on their content, Dean realized that thoughts of Cas were intruding.
"Sure, Dean, sure. And by that same token, I should make sure you don't have any grandiose visions about puttin' the moves on my wife."
Cas complied, rubbing his sore cheek for a moment before pulling his underwear back up and turning his eyes to Dean. He wasn’t sure what was going to happen next, but when Dean’s ravenous green eyes fell on him, Cas shivered again. It was like he could feel Dean… invisible hands tickling over his body wherever Dean’s stare happened to hover. Cas held his ground when Dean took a step toward him and then another. He kept his eyes locked on his lover as the man approached him and reached down to scoop his mouse ears up from the floor.
Then he cups his eyes with his hand as if to shield himself from the bright halogens as he attempts to see inside the vehicle. Sighing, Cas flicks them off and kills the ignition. It’s quiet on the street and inside the vehicle, except for his own breathing.
Suddenly euphoric as he realized that he was going to get what he hoped for, Dean tightened his grip on Pam. He was suddenly very grateful to her for giving him this chance to be with Cas… in any capacity. It was a precious gift.
“I’m not going to ask you to be on my side, Dean. I know it’s too late for that. But I am going to ask you to do what’s right.”
Dean is reeling now. This story, so intriguing a few minutes ago, had grown dark quickly. “The other brother,” says Singer, “is Gabriel. He’s currently missing and his name appears on several wanted-for-questioning lists in the states of New York and New Jersey. He’s a known associate of several heavy players in organized crime syndicates. He’s been in touch with Castiel at least once, and Castiel has given him large quantities of cash at least once. Other than that, I can’t find any link between him and the Novaks.
“Such a bad boy with that shirt too…” Dean purred seductively, “You knew what it was gonna do to me to see you in that shirt, didn’t you?” Cas nodded, eyes on the floor, ass still in Dean’s lap. He could feel Dean’s fingers circling there, on the small part of his skin that was exposed. Then, ever so gently, one of those fingers crept down under the elastic and curled there. Cas held his breath as he felt Dean’s finger slowly peel his undies down to reveal his upturned ass cheeks… tender and soft and vulnerable in Dean’s lap, quivering under his teasing fingers as he talked. “Now here you are… spread out for me like my baby boy should be… just waitin to see what I’ll do to you.”
Jack and Claire fall in with the crowd which is exiting slower than usual. Out in the hall, he bumps shoulders with her and smiles widely. “I told you,” he gloats, referring to Mr. Winchester’s admission.
It’s Friday night. Late. Dean had gone out with some of the staff after school, lingering as happy hour had come and gone. It was rare for Rufus to tag along on a group outing like this, but his signature gruffness and relentless ribbing of Dean had kept the rest of their group in stitches for hours.
She laughed heartily at his joke. Her eyes dipped down for a brief moment as if to check out his naked body and then she gave him a humorously exaggerated wink of approval. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d actually felt good about a six month review. She’d been far more attentive and insightful than Zachariah had ever been. She was fun and flirty without being overtly sexual and seemed to actually care about his issues. In just this one single session, she had helped tremendously.
Claire explains in detail what she and Jody are going to be doing and when the meal is finished, she accepts an offer to be driven home. Jack doesn’t mind her heading out so early because he knows they both have homework to do and with his weed-induced buzz fading, fatigue is setting in.
A chorus of voices agreed, so she began swimming backwards and everyone followed her inside. Speaking to the group as she led them, Jody explained how the Hunters transported food from their hunting grounds to this place, the methodology of sorting it, and how the meals for the Community were planned. She also told them that the Preparers go out and collect things to compliment what the Hunters bring in… gathering the edible seaweed and greens that were often part of their meals, the shellfish that was gathered by hand and other details that Dean had never thought to ask about before.
When she turned demurely, he followed the motion and they swam side by side along the rock formation that housed many caves like the one that Dean and his family lived in. Others in the area must’ve known what was happening because there was an uncanny silence in the waters around them. It wasn’t just a lack of sound, but of vibration as well. Total stillness under the weight of water. Other merfolk were around, looking out from their resting places as Dean and Auralia swam past, but Dean barely noticed them. All he could think of was his brother. He wondered how badly Sammy was hurt, if he would die, and how his parents were taking this. It seemed grossly unfair that anything should happen to little Sammy when he was so kind and good hearted. By comparison, Dean felt wretched and deserving of vicious wounds. Scars.
Despite his confusion at the turn this session had taken and his worry over who this man was and how much he knew of Dean’s hunting life, Dean still wanted to fuck. He go could go for a solid anger bang right now. His stomach was twisting in knots and his puckered hole was aching to be filled. His poor confused cock was so into this dude that it practically had a mind of its own. He could almost feel it straining hopefully towards the man.
Idling in his driveway as he waits for the garage door, Dean almost feels sorry for the kid. He goes to a private school for christ sake, what kid in a private school wants to drive up in an old pimpmobile like that?
Applause broke out around them. Cheers and whistles flew as the couple kissed. From where Dean stood, it really did look like a fairy tale… there was even the misty outline of a castle across the water in the distance.
“No problem,” he says, trying to reassure. “But maybe we should do it on Sunday when I don’t have to work. That way we’re not rushed. I mean, it’ll probably take over an hour just to get there.”
“Doubtful,” Meg said confidently. Dean expected she was right. But, if by happenstance his mother or father wound up swimming next to a Teacher as the community was led home by a Singer, it could happen. He could be busted.
“Oh baby,” he sighed as he watched his three fingers push in. He could feel the spasms as the muscle tried to relax and allow the stretch and when he’d pushed in as far as he could, Cas started humping the mattress again, his oily cheeks glistening. It was hypnotic to watch… so erotic… and Dean was still leaking from his rock-hard cock as he played. He was throbbing between his legs, experiencing anticipation the likes of which he’d never known before.
Cas followed Gabe down into the water. It was the perfect temperature. The brothers leaned against the wall, sipping their drinks and watching the girls play. It was a lovely night and with the pool so empty, it was very relaxing.
As always, his greedy hole eventually began to loosen, which was normally the time when Dean would start showing off for the other wolves. But this time he wasn’t even enjoying the sex because his dick was buried in the snow beneath him. Working to bear the weight of the heavy dog still humping him, Dean scrambled to get his knees back under him and lift his hindquarters. For once he didn’t mind his cock being small  – simply because it was easier to keep it up out of the snow that way.
With all doubt of pursuit erased, Dean broke into a run. Swerving to evade oblivious carnival guests and maddeningly persistent clowns, Dean hooked and dodged with no logic. He was running on instincts alone now. Long strides soon found him back at the big top tent, circling its perimeter. With half a dozen clowns in pursuit, he ducked into the first set of unguarded flaps he came across – pushing through the entry point with one hand on his concealed weapon. Half a dozen paces inside, the clowns surged in on his tail. Trying not to look behind him, Dean marked a path through the crowd on the bleachers and launched himself up into the stands. The clowns didn’t follow, instead they tried to flank him. They split up and began moving to cut him off from exiting. As he cut worked his way through the crowd, Dean wondered what they’d do if they caught him. Would they really carry him out screaming in front of all these people?
Pacing in the kitchen, Castiel keeps one eye on the clock as it ticks out seconds in time with his steps. At one minute after, he hears a car pull into the driveway followed by the muted sound of a car door. It’s almost three minutes after when young Jack pushes in through the front door and calls out for him.
with tongue. It spreads him, pushes in and pulls back out. There are teeth near his hole and for as much as he’s always longed to be bitten hard, Deans punchdrunk and hovering on the edge of blacking out as he wonders if his alpha might give a nip to the tender clenching flesh he’s offering. Gulping one deep breath after another, he’s greedy for air. Greedy for tongue. Greedy for cock. “Need you,” he calls out. And it’s true. He’s never needed anything the way he needs this wolf.
Underneath Dean's body there was a small empty space where his pelvis should have been resting on the bed. But, with his rear preening in the air, the space beneath him left room for his hand. Reaching into that space, Dean cupped himself and let out a groan, mostly just to tease Cas into urgency.
Nodding his agreement, Dean left the doorway headed into the kitchen. “Nothing says ‘I love you’ like bacon,” he said to his mother as he approached.
Even as he’s speaking, he’s tapping the icon to bring up the camera function and as his long stride carries him over the last few yards, he’s already pointing the camera at street. He can’t keep the device steady while running over uneven ground, but he tries to keep locked on the boxy gold car as it begins to finally pick up speed.
They passed a chalkboard with the specials on it and at the top it listed dollar beers all night. His irritation flared again as it crossed his mind that he didn’t even have a buck on him. Even in the leanest of times back when he’d been hunting - there had always been a few bucks in his wallet. It’s like a cruel twist of fate - when he finally got used to having plenty of money, he’s suddenly without it completely..
“Hey Garth,” says Dean, transferring the satchel over to his other shoulder just for something to do. “When my dad and Bobby went out, do you remember which way they went?”
Watching those mouse ears bob was his undoing. And as the men grew rougher, the ears tumbled down Dean's back and to the floor. Cas practically had to pry Dean off, fearful he’d come and end their wild night before he’d even gotten his partner out of his clothes.
A wave of excited chatter spreads over the room, perforated by giggles and even a wolf whistle from the back. Jack is grinning so wide that he thinks his face might crack and, when she hears the coach’s answer, Claire turns to shoot him a meaningful look.
The man whimpered with hope and Benny replied by saying, “I’ve got somthin’ you’re gonna like, Cheri.”
Having been in the car for far too long, Benny wasn’t able to help much as Dean worked to transplant him from the car to his wheelchair. Then, owing to a lack of experience in pushing someone around, he probably made it look harder than it actually was to swing the door open and roll his companion through it.
So, he did today as he’d done many times before when feeling overwhelmed. He went to Pastor Jim. He hadn’t even known that’s where he was headed until he'd passed his own street and driven halfway to the church. But as he slowed and stopped for a red light, Dean realized that it made sense to go to Jim. After all, Crowley was evil. Who better to assist than a man of the cloth, right?
He’s never really thought of it before, but there’s likely a metaphor hidden in there somewhere. After all, for most kids, graduating high school isn’t really the culmination of hard work and fortitude. For most kids of Jack’s age, it’s nothing but the natural progression of time. Sure there are some kids for whom circumstances, poverty, or other hardships make their high school education a hard-won achievement. But for the average middle-class kid, it’s inevitable.
“Had to get my tail in,” he laughed. “Don’t want Sam to see my fin hanging out. That’s how he got you.”
Normally, they’d return home from tree cutting or scavenging trips completely exhausted. After eating the evening meal they’d shuffle off to bed only to wake early the next day and do it all again. The back breaking work was relentless. But still, Dean found himself unable to ignore a call from his Ware when it reached in through the walls.  Sometimes it was his pack calling and sometimes it wasn’t. Regardless, Dean wasn’t afraid. He was lots of things, but fearful wasn’t one of them.
It’s hard to pretend that he minds. After all, he loves the marks. They are gifts left behind by the one who owns him. And yes, his Ware does own him. The idea of any other lover is sickening to him now. He wants only one. Following the call of his wild wolf, Dean emerges from safety again and again to eagerly give himself over and be bred.
“I’m a fox now,” she winked at him. “Silver fox,” she added, leaning back in her chair, “and I would’ve made a meal out of a young man like yourself.”
Castiel nods and keeps his eyes on the road so Dean leans in to turn on the radio. He uses the dial to roll past several stations until he finds one playing a decent tune. It’s easy to relax in the crushed velvet seat which is surprisingly comfortable and he finds himself digging the ride. When they approach the bridge, Dean sits up a little straighter noticing that it looks different somehow, though he can’t put his finger on why.
