A distant ping! came from his bedroom, drawing his attention from the laptop again. This case was going to take him forever if he couldn’t make himself focus. Unfortunately, everything in his life seemed determined to pull his attention in every direction but the one he needed to be in. At least at the moment. When this was done with he would let the entirety of his considerable brainpower loose on the problem that one John Watson posed.
John’s hand came up to cup his jaw, a thumb running over his freshly shaved cheek, then leaned in and pressed a warm, chaste kiss to his lips.
“It’s nothing,” he stated and silently begged him to not ask, not now. There would be time for that later.
Sherlock must have felt his gaze. He shifted slightly, turning his head to look over his shoulder at John, a small smile tugging at his lips, and John didn’t bother hiding his own smile in return. Sherlock ducked his head, almost shyly, before he turned his attention back to Rosie who was now searching through the sand for seashells.
John released his foot and Sherlock reached for hands, pulling him close and guiding them down the hallway to the bedroom. John watches his face, the way his eyes keep sweeping over John, and he feels the arousal that had ebbed slightly when he hit the table come back under that burning gaze.
The door was open and Sherlock took in the man from his periphery as he hesitated on the threshold. Sherlock spoke out right before the man’s raised fist could knock his presence on the door frame.
He dropped Sherlock’s gaze for a moment, forced himself to take a deep breath before he met his friend’s eyes again.
John dragged himself to the bathroom to finish his nighttime routine, then went back to his room and climbed on to the bed. He stretched out on top of the duvet with his arms behind his head and listened to the sound of the rain lashing against the window as he stared unseeing up at the ceiling. His thoughts kept circling back to the kiss in the garden. Sherlock’s lips soft and pliant under his, the taste of him on his tongue, the feel of his body under his hands, the silkiness of curls between his fingers.
Except he didn’t die. He was alive, sitting in 221B, and who honestly knew what he was thinking or feeling now.
“Pish. I had made too much on accident and figured you could use a good meal,” his landlady replied and John shook his head with a disbelieving snort. No one in the world accidentally overcooked more than Martha Hudson, if one was to ever believe that excuse.
She turned to him with a large smile on her face. “Daddy look, S’lock looks pretty now too. He has a crown! Pretty ‘Lock,” she squealed, turning back to face Sherlock and squeezing his cheeks with her small hands.
“I think you may have taken the ‘Deck the Halls’ saying a bit too far, Mrs. Hudson,” he commented wryly.
“Of course it’s necessary. If I’m paying part of the rent I need my name on the lease,” John explained.
One of the tears that had been stinging behind his eyes fell and landed on John’s shirt, soaking through the fabric, and he realized that it was just the first of many tears that would break free.
“You want this,” he says, not quite a statement or a question, his voice full of wonder. Jesus, Sherlock wanted this. Wanted him. His eyes were scanning all over his friend’s face in awe.
“God, you’re beautiful,” John whispered reverently as he twisted his finger and brushed against Sherlock’s prostate. Sherlock’s mouth opened on a gasp as pleasure bloomed through his body.
Sherlock shivered at the feel of John’s breath against his skin and the scratch of his stubble. His eyes closed as he turned his face into the top of John’s head.
He shook his head at himself as he pulled on his coat and scarf, then pulled a hat on as well since he had no intentions of freezing while outside. He pulled on his gloved, then attached Joy’s leash to her collar, the shiny silver of her nametag that Mrs. Hudson had bought for her catching the light that shone through the living room windows before he pulled open the door and they made their way down the stairs and out the door.
“If you need anything, feel free to ask,” she said before turning around and walking to wherever she had been before, or so he assumed.
John leaned back in his chair, letting his feet slip a bit on the rug, closer to Sherlock’s, but not touching. He took a sip of his scotch, letting the drink sit on his tongue to savour the smoky taste, before swallowing it down and feeling the burn travel down his throat and settle warm in his belly.
His mind was buzzing through the proposal as his spun the ring on his finger. John wanted to marry him. He wanted to build a life with him. He trusted him with his daughter. Sherlock loved Rosie as if she were his own, and now she would be. His heart pounded in his chest as he forced himself to keep his breaths even and calm.
God, he really shouldn’t drink that early in the morning. It made him maudlin and far too depressingly philosopical for a Saturday morning.
“I met his ex,” he said to the table as he picked at the paper hand protector on his to-go cup. “Came to us for a case, actually. A rather boring one, too.”
“Knew what?” he asked, confused by the statement and the sudden decision to talk about Molly after all.
“How about that time after the case with the woman and the red shoes? You had barely eaten in a week, and when it was finally solved you were so hungry that the idea of waiting for takeaway had you deducing that poor server to the point he was in tears. Or the time when you threw that bowling ball at a wall because your order was delivered with chicken instead of the pork you ordered? Or how about last week, when you snapped at me for ordering dinner for me and Rosie, but not you, because you ‘weren’t hungry’, and then you proceeded to lay on the sofa in a strop for the rest of the evening?”
The mug warmed his chilly hands, the boozy scent of rum and the spicy cinnamon of the drink filled his nose. Eggnog. He smiled contentedly as John sat down beside him.
“What on earth was that about?” Mrs.Hudson asked as she reached the landing, apparently as confused as John, for which he was grateful.
Luckily for John, his date had the same opinion, and in no time at all, they were sitting on the couch snogging in front of some kind of documentary or something. It really didn’t matter. What mattered was that she was warm, arms wrapping around his shoulders and kissing him back eagerly, and he was quite enjoying himself. The phone in his pocket continued its vibrating buzz, but he continued to ignore it for much more interesting matters.
He shifted closer to him, his knee knocking against his friend’s, and John turned to look at him. A smile lit upon his face with what could only be fondness and Sherlock returned it. Why not take this chance? He suddenly couldn’t come up with any of the reasons why this was a very bad idea while John smiled at him with that smile that rivaled the sun. When he finally said “yes” to the flat.
Sherlock hesitated. He wouldn’t lie to John, not right now anyway, but he also wasn’t quite willing to tell the entire truth. Especially when he knew John and Alex hadn’t only talked about the case.
“Because you’re my friend, Sherlock,” John asserted in exasperation. “You are so much better of a man than they ever give you credit for. They don’t like that you don’t fit into the little box they think you should and I’ll be damned before I let them force their expectations of your private life and sexuality on you as well. So yes, when people made their assumptions I shot them down. It isn’t their business.” He leaned forward in his chair, his elbows on his knees, and held his face in his hands as he stared at the carpet.
Warm water washed the remaining shaving cream away and John’s hands swept over the clean skin, ensuring there were no missed patches, and when he was satisfied with the job, he heard John stand and drain the water from the sink, then rinse the blades under the running water.
“Jesus, Sherlock, are you ok?” John asked in concern as he toed off his shoes by the door and stepped into the living room. “I didn’t mean to startle you.”
It was gentle and chaste and over far too quickly. Sherlock pulled back and looked into John’s eyes.
“Sherlock, it’s fine. Just...forget this night, okay? Delete it,” he quickly said, trying to salvage what he could of what he was terrified was the ending of their friendship.
At some point, he must have fallen asleep because when the sound of Mrs. Hudson’s screams reached his ears, the light leaking through his curtains was the pale grey and pinks of early morning.
He felt less alone in the kitchen. Sometimes, he would almost swear he saw Sherlock sitting at the table looking through his microscope, but then he would turn and remember that Sherlock was dead and the microscope was sitting in its box in Sherlock’s room, gathering dust along with everything else.
He wasn’t sure it really mattered, but he accepted her judgment since she had agreed to teach him, and he was soon pulling together fry-ups that were a significant upgrade from what he had once been able to produce.
“You haven’t done anything wrong. That was me. I was just...in my own head, or something. It wasn’t anything you did.”
John finally looked up, his eyes meeting Sherlock’s directly for the first time since he came back into his life, and Sherlock looked away. He turned and rushed past Mrs. Hudson without another word.
John let his eyes flick between Sherlock and the gift in his hands with a wry smile. “And this is something that couldn’t wait until tomorrow?”
Sherlock met his kiss, tongues and teeth and lips meeting as their bodies moved together. John’s hips snapping faster into Sherlock as the other man sighed and moaned and demanded
Sherlock reached behind him and turned the tap off while John opened the curtain. He grabbed two towels and passed one to Sherlock. They dried their bodies, eyes warm and soft as they watched each other. When he was finished, Sherlock tossed his towel on the ground, then took John’s from where he had wrapped it around his waist and let it fall with the other. He grabbed John’s hand and pulled him into his bedroom. John watched as he quickly rummaged through his drawers and tossed a shirt and a pair of pyjama bottoms towards him.
He let his gaze sweep over the small room, then strode to the desk chair and settled into it. John watched him and when he leaned back and tossed one long leg carelessly over the other, John rolled his eyes and started to pull out his clothes and other possessions, and tossed them on the bed.
“She’s brave, and considerate, and kind. She always wants to make sure you feel included in whatever she’s doing. She’s smart and completely fearless. Look at the way she runs into the waves even though she cannot swim yet. No fear.”
He was fairly positive he hadn’t been the one to put them there, and when he noticed the plate of shortbread biscuits on the table, it was all the confirmation he needed to know who did. He knew Mrs. Hudson’s perfect shortbread on sight.
A year ago, if someone had told him that Sherlock Holmes would one day lay beside him in bed, curls wild and eyes bright, and whisper the words “Marry me” to him, he would have laughed. Or cried. He definitely wouldn’t have believed them. It had actually happened, though. John had been there, and he could hardly believe it.
“Yes,” he said and John’s laughter fell back into that soft smile from before and Sherlock tapped the screen, capturing the moment as they looked at each other, smiling. He tossed his phone aside without looking at the photo. He knew it was everything he wanted.
Except, that wasn’t the truth about John at all. John called his deductions amazing, and truly extraordinary, and John turned down money that he definitely could have used to spy on him for no reason. They hadn’t been friends, then. They hadn’t even known each other. Yet John had already been loyal to him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “John, your name has been on the lease since the day you first saw the flat.”
“Sherlock texted me. You left this,” he said as John took the cane from him in shock. Angelo tossed a wink at Sherlock before he left.
He took a deep breath when he got to the sidewalk, and after a quick inventory of where he was, began walking in the direction toward the Colosseum. He had seen it in the background, looming large over the city, when he had made his way from the metro. It was one of the reasons he had picked this flat. It was within walking distance, and that was ideal. The sound of his cane tapping against the concrete sidewalk served as a reminder that he didn’t like having to walk too far.
Mrs. Hudson smiled, patted his knee again, and turned her attention to the telly as well as she turned up the volume. She handed him a biscuit and he bit into it, chocolate this time, and leaned back into the soft cushions as the scent of vanilla and sugar settled around them.
“I need to get to the morgue. A body just came in and I need to see it before they destroy evidence,” he ranted. John’s eyes widened a bit, and he glanced at Alex before looking back to Sherlock.
He hated this small space. Its stale beige walls were suffocating and dull. It was the exact opposite of Baker Street, with its clutter and wallpaper. It stood as a counterweight against everything that John was, and it was past time for these four walls to give up their hold on the doctor. John belonged in Baker Street and very soon that’s where he would be. With Sherlock.
“Molly knew,” Sherlock said after a few minutes of quiet as they both ate. John looked up at him curiously.
“That’s brilliant,” John declared, and Sherlock paused a moment before his brain caught up with his mouth again, and he continued.
John pushed forward the bare inches they were from each other and closed his mouth over Sherlock’s. He couldn’t handle another word without touching the man. He swiped his tongue against Sherlock’s lip and the other man opened for him immediately, welcoming him in, and they both moaned at the pleasure of tongues sliding against each other.
Not a complete lie. It did just come to him, it was just much earlier in the day when it did. He had figured it out after he had read through Alex’s old blog, then skimmed through the fundraiser site he had found when he was waiting for John to dress after his shower. A couple of minutes on his mobile, just confirming things while the he was in the taxi earlier, and he found everything he needed. He wasn’t about to confess all of that to John, though.
“Daddy! Look, look!” Rosie’s voice cut through his memories and he looked up as his daughter came running up to him, Sherlock trailing a few meters behind.
Sherlock eyed him for a silent moment while John forced himself to remain still before the detective gave him a small nod. “Good,” he said.
Sherlock turned to John, and John bit his lips down to keep the smile from his face. He raised his brows expectantly.
“I need you now,” he pleaded, unashamed of the desperation in his voice. He needed more. He needed all of John, now, before he burned away. He nearly sobbed at the emptiness he felt when John removed his fingers.
The sound of Sherlock’s soft curses and pants and groans filled the air as John worked him open with his tongue. He felt the muscle give and John pressed his tongue into Sherlock, tasting him, and Sherlock pushed shamelessly back into him, seeking his pleasure and John thought he could do that forever.
Sherlock ranted and the DI, Lestrade, ranted back. A drugs bust, he called it. John was thrown by the accusation, and then thrown again when he realized that it wasn’t exactly an unfounded attack on Sherlock’s character. The consulting detective seemed distressed by the events. Not out of fear of being caught with anything, but almost from embarrassment. John had a suspicion that Sherlock would much rather John had never known any of this past behavior he once indulged in.
Sherlock was biting on his bottom lip again and John’s eyes went to his mouth before looking back up at him.
This photo, though, with John smiling like that, felt like a kick to the gut. It was a reminder that they weren’t there. John still didn’t smile quite like that.
John’s grin turned to a smile and he turned to the package again. He opened it swiftly, fingers ripping through the wrapping paper, and he pulled open the box. He blinked down in surprise, then pulled out a bright red Christmas jumper, complete with printed reindeer, pine trees, and snowflakes.
John sighed internally, a smile on his face externally, as he finally gave in and talked to the nurse, Mary, her name was, for several minutes, in the hopes that giving her some of the attention she seemed desperate for would allow him to enjoy the rest of the evening in relative peace.
“I missed you, too,” John replied honestly. It was nice to hear that Sherlock had missed him, but he couldn’t help feeling that that hadn’t been what Sherlock had originally meant to say.
Where Sherlock was standing John could clearly see the scar from Mary’s bullet to his heart. It was a nearly perfect circle with its raised edge and slightly puckered skin reaching towards its center. Across one shoulder was a raised rope-like scar, one of a few that criss crossed his back, from his time spent imprisoned in Serbia. John had seen them before when he cared for Sherlock after he was shot. Sherlock had given him the story of where they came from with a blank face and haunted eyes. John had reached out and pulled him into a gentle hug, mindful of the scar his wife had added to Sherlock’s body, and they had never spoken of it again. Not the scars, or the torture, or the hug. Not the way John had buried his nose in Sherlock’s curls and breathed him in or the way Sherlock had tucked his face into John’s neck and the feel of hot tears soaking through his shirt and into his skin.
“Four serial suicides and now a note! Oh, it’s Christmas!” Sherlock grabbed his coat and scarf off the sofa he had thrown it on earlier and quickly pulled them on. “I’ll be out late. Might need some food.”
John sighed and turned back to the kitchen. The rooms were clear of the smoke, but the smell was still rather strong even with the open windows. It would clear out soon enough. He stepped into the kitchen and went to clean the burnt food off the pan and make sure the oven was turned off. When he was done with the pan he grabbed his coat and headed down to Mrs. Hudson’s. She answered after the first knock.
And John didn’t even realize. He wasn’t sure if that made it better or not. Would he rather John knew and tiptoed around him in some kind of weird dance where he attempted to be his friend without “leading him on” or was it better that he had no idea? That he went about his life without the knowledge that Sherlock would die, did die, for him? He shifted slightly against the back of his chair where he leaned against it, felt the pull of scar tissue that John had no idea existed, and would never find out about if Sherlock had a say in the matter, and decided it was better John didn’t know. Better for both of them, really.
John was motionless against him and for a moment Sherlock felt a rising hysteria as it stole through his body and mind. He had miscalculated. He had misunderstood. But then John gasped, his lips parting on the inhale, and he was kissing him back. Sherlock felt a flame light in his belly and spread through his limbs, through his veins, like wildfire.
By the time John had shut off the water and toweled off, Sherlock was already gone and he was left standing with a towel around his waist in the middle of their empty living room.
“Sherlock? You do realize that literally anyone could walk into this flat right off the street right now, right? Where are you?” John asked as he looked around for the taller man.
There was no way John could take that flat. While he might enjoy the danger and the electric buzz of adrenaline when it sang through his body and blood like oxygen, that didn’t mean he should jump into a living situation that all but promised that on a daily basis if this last 24 hours was anything to go by.
“Well, one of us had to be,” he chuckles, and John finds himself in that lovely place between arousal and amusement, where sex is both fun and joyful. He shifts under Sherlock’s hips as he’s being pinned down, and they both gasp out in pleasure when their matching hardness aligns and brush against each other. Arousal takes over amusement as Sherlock rolls his hips intentionally this time, and John’s hands go to rest on his hips, fingers digging into the smooth skin. His eyes travel up the length of his body and John thinks he could watch this sight for the rest of his life and never once get bored of it. A lovely pink flush gives color to Sherlock’s pale chest and neck, and he’s so beautiful that John wishes he was an artist in order to paint this scene before him to always have. Sherlock’s hand reaches down and grasps both of them, and John cries out as the feeling floods through his body.
“Beautiful view, isn’t it?” Sherlock’s deep voice spoke from over his shoulder, and he just managed to keep from jumping out of his skin before he turned to look and saw Sherlock’s eyes on him.
as John went back to the kitchen and prepared the two cups of tea. He brought them both out and placed one on the table by Sherlock’s chair before he sat on his own. He sipped his tea and watched his friend play.
He supposed it was. He hadn’t paid any attention to the calendar beyond whether it was a workday or not in a long time.
His right leg was bouncing without his input, nervous or excited, or perhaps both, and he had to consciously keep his hands from balling up in tense fists. So, maybe more nervous than he wanted to admit.
Mostly, though, it was just nice sweeping the proverbial rug out from under Mycroft. John just needed to move in and Sherlock wouldn’t have to deal with a spy in his own home, in any form. Mycroft was so used to having control over a situation, and here stood an invalided army doctor that refused to back down on his moral principles. A knight in shining armor. He was just missing the white horse.
And what a chase it was! The madman seemed to have a mental map of London in his head, both the streets and the buildings, as he had them climbing fire escapes to run across rooftops and jump across gaps. The whole time Sherlock kept calling to him and encouraged him to keep up. It filled John with an indescribable joy and pride that he was not being forgotten and that Sherlock seemed to actually want him there.
“No, thank you. I would take a cup of tea, though,” he said and his smile widened when he heard the rattle of china and the tea tray. He crossed over to the desk and grabbed the laptop, then went to his chair and slumped down on it. With the laptop balanced atop his knees, he opened the lid and woke it up with a few quick taps.  “Would you like to join me?”
One day he woke and was dressed and out the door before the sun had risen. He walked the city that he had always loved and wished that he could get lost in it for a while, but he had learned too much about the back alleys and rooftops chasing after Sherlock to really do so. When he had returned to the flat in the early afternoon his feet were sore and his legs were tired. His knee twinged and for a moment he feared the return of a limp that shouldn’t exist, but then he reminded himself that he wasn’t exactly a young man anymore and he hadn’t worn the best shoes for walking that morning.
He trudged up the stairs juggling his remaining bags and the plate of cellophane-covered biscuits, and sighed as he entered the icebox that was supposed to be his warm flat. There was no sound coming from the radiator and he really didn’t have the time or the patience to bother trying to fix it now. He was too tired and didn’t want to deal with the blasted thing, and he wasn’t going to bother Mrs. Hudson since it was too late to bring someone in to properly see to it at this hour.
“What if there weren’t eyeballs in the microwave? Would you move in then?” he asked and John shook his head at him. He scowled and John laughed at him.
John took Joy out for a late morning walk. He would have invited Sherlock, but the man was lying supine on the couch in his mind palace when he had left, and he didn’t want to bother him. Despite the icy polluted slush that covered the pavement, it was a relatively mild winter day with occasional rays of sunshine poking through the overcast grey sky, with no wind, and John decided to take a longer walk than usual.
“I didn’t know that,” John replied, wondering at himself why he never asked where the song came from. “Were you close to her?”
Then Sherlock came into his life and everything changed again. That change, however, had been a healing balm to his tired mind and soul. Sherlock changed everything with his quick wit, clever deductions, and whirling Belstaff. Now he sat in the back of a taxi with that bewildering man heading to a place that had felt more like home than any other place ever had, and that was before he even lived there.
They held still for a moment, just breathing and feeling the heat of their bodies pressed together from chest to thighs, then as they did so often in their life together, they moved in silent tandem, muscles flexing under hot skin. Hands grabbed, caressed, possessed while their mouths tasted and claimed in equal measure. John’s body against his, the exquisite friction between them, was simultaneously too much and not nearly enough.
“You didn’t promise chocolate ice cream,” Sherlock replied, eyes slanted at him, a playful smile on his lips and John giggled again.
“Damnit, Sherlock!” he grumbled as he felt the sting of the cut burning into his skin. He watched the blood bead up, but before he could get a piece of tissue to stop the bleeding, Sherlock was there and had stuck a piece to his face. The tissue adhered to his skin thanks to the blood and John forced himself to take a deep breath while everything in him wanted to scream.
“You’ve been stood up,” he says, frank and honest as ever, and John knows he doesn’t mean for it be hurtful. Sherlock often sees and knows and says without actually thinking about the consequences of his words. Yes, sometimes he says his deductions out loud to elicit a response or confession, but that was not his intent tonight. John knows this because Sherlock’s expression is surprised and even a touch angry that his date, the one he was clearly here to run off as he usually does, hadn’t shown up.
His mobile pinged and he pulled it from his pocket to see it was an email notification of the website he sent himself from John’s email. He turned quickly to the computer again and deleted the sent email from John’s account, then closed the lid once again. The water was still running after he finished, so he went to his chair and unlocked his mobile, then clicked the link in his email. He was brought back to the blog and scrolled through the old entries. There was nothing relevant to the case of course. It appeared he had used the blog as a kind of online diary or memory book. A lot of the things he had written about were in the past, as were the pictures he included. Sherlock found a few more images that included John. Each time he was struck by how content his friend looked in the photographs.
When he looked back up, it was to find Sherlock staring at him, some emotion in his face that John couldn’t place, but it was gone before he managed to place it. Sherlock bent his head down and turned his attention to his own plate, taking a bite of the food, while John took another sip of his wine.
“John Watson, I am going downstairs to make a pot of tea, and when I come up here I want to see you making an effort to do something about this tree.”
John walked aimlessly, his body working on instinct alone as he put as much distance as he could between his thoughts and the man sitting in their flat. His flat. The flat they used to share, and then John lived and grieved in alone for 2 years, and now were apparently sharing again because John offered Sherlock his room back without a thought.
“Why don’t you and Sherlock go find somewhere for Ice Cream the Snail to live for a couple of days, then? Maybe grab some leaves and such from the garden to make it nice and homey for him. I’ll get us lunch together,” John said with a glance up at Sherlock.
The lower register of Alex Campbell’s voice drifted through the open door. “I’m glad you found someone, Johnny. You deserve to be happy.”
“She’ll be fine. We’re watching her and the tide is pretty calm,” he nodded his chin towards his daughter where she stood meters away from the surf to hunt for her new treasures.
Buildings were decorated with wreaths and fairy lights shining in windows. Trees trimmed in ribbons and baubles stood out in window displays and John couldn’t help thinking that it was all a bit much, really. There was a Father Christmas in one of the windows that he supposed was meant to look jolly and cheerful, but instead looked rather depressing, in his faded robes and fake beard.
After several moments, John pushed up and carefully pulled out. Sherlock shivered at the sudden emptiness again, but then John laid down beside him and they both stared up at the ceiling, reliving every moment of what they had just done.
“Everything,” he declared, simple and definitive. His heart hammered behind his breastbone at the admission. It was what he wanted, anything and everything John would give, and it was for John to decide what that meant. If John would accept it. Accept him. Accept everything.
Around noon, his mobile began to ring. He knew better than to ignore the fourth call. Ignore that one, and a sleek black car would be found parked by the kerb in front of his new flat, and that was simply unacceptable. He pulled the phone out and answered it.
Both men curled around Rosie, their eyes locked on each other until John could no longer resist the pull of sleep.
John eyed the laptop for a moment before looking back to Sherlock. “What were you looking at on the laptop?”
The four walls of his tiny London bedsit felt like they were closing in on him. He was suffocating in the sea of beige and emptiness. The mobile his sister had given him when he was forced to return home from his tour in Afghanistan sat quiet on the stand beside his bed. It never rang. Never pinged a text. The only person who had the number was his sister, and after she did her “duty” of visiting after his return, she never called. Just left him the phone and walked back out of his life. They were never really close, and nearly dying in the desert sands hadn’t changed anything. Not that he expected it to.
“Dull”, Sherlock retorted to John’s assertion that people didn’t have archenemies in real life. That they had friends, people they liked and didn’t like. Boyfriends and girlfriends.
He cleared his throat, now more than a little intrigued by everything, but forcibly reined his curiosity in. The man glanced at him and sat back down slowly. Sherlock watched him quietly as they sat in an awkward silence and waited for John. When he arrived a few minutes later with two mugs of tea, and Sherlock couldn’t help but notice that John seemed to know exactly how their client took his tea, his skin felt like it was on fire with all of his unasked questions. John left and returned a moment later with his own mug and sat at the desk, further away than he would usually sit from a client and Sherlock, and began to ask questions about the case as if nothing unusual had happened. The scratch of his pen on paper was the only sound outside of quiet questions and subdued answers.
“Are we really not going to talk about this?” he asked and was surprised by the uncertainty in his own voice.
“No. I finished with ‘Greg’,” he said as he threw his hands up to make air quotations around the name, “hours ago. I’ve just been out at a club,” he lied easily as he toed off his shoes by the door.
His gaze swept over the flat as he stepped into the living room, but he didn’t see his flatmate. He could just hear the sound of running water under the strum of a guitar coming from the portable speaker that was set up in their kitchen. He pulled off his coat and scarf and hung them up on their peg by the door. Then he toed off his shoes and left them at the side of the door as well. He crossed the living room in his socked feet and rounded into the kitchen to the sight of John Watson standing in front of the sink, washing dirty dishes.
“I found it all by myself!” she declared, squirming madly until Sherlock put her down again and she rushed to John’s side again, this time holding her hand open so John could actually see the irregularly shaped piece of obscured blue glass.
“Not exactly how I saw this evening going,” John said softly after he was sure Rosie was asleep again.
The grass was springy and cool beneath his fingers as he raked his hand idly through the green blades. The remnants of a last-minute picnic lunch lay scattered over the patch quilt that served as their tablecloth and dry spot to sit. John watched Rosie as she capered about through the grass in her bare feet, blonde curls bouncing, as she bent down periodically to gather the yellow flowers that dotted the park. He already had a small collection in his lap and had begun tying the stems together as he kept an eye on his daughter.
“My grand-mère used to sing it to me when I was a boy,” Sherlock said and John turned to look at him.
John looked down at him with a soft frown and his ocean blue eyes. “You should have called me,” he said gently. There was no accusation or anger. Just the simple statement. A reminder.
Granted, he had tried, in the beginning. Sherlock had shut him down swiftly and John could admit, now that the sting had faded to distant memory, with all the kindness that he had believed Sherlock could be capable of at the time. He knew that wasn’t the truth, now. Sherlock was capable of so much more depth of emotion than he ever showed. John had watched him actively hide it during their friendship, and then he had died before John ever got the courage to take another chance.
“Sherlock...what is all this?” he asked, his arm flinging out sideways to encompass the flowers, the meanings behind them. Everything.
He walked around the main room as he carefully pulled open drawers and looked at files. It was all in order. He decided to go further in, to pull up the video files of interactions they had had over the years.
When he was done, he turned to his friend, who swiftly stood and grabbed one of the boxes that held John’s life in it. “I’ll take this down and grab a taxi for us.”
“One fantasy I have involves you on your knees, right here in our living room.” Sherlock’s voice is low, deeper than John had ever heard it before, and John felt his body respond to the voice as much as the image the words created.
Sherlock pulled the spinner of doom closer to him and managed a lazy flick with his long fingers. “Right hand green. Why does my right hand have to keep moving?” he complained as he shifted his body again and managed to get his hand on the circle beside John’s foot.
John watched, completely enraptured by Sherlock’s smile as he shared his memories of his grandmother and her home.
“John,” Sherlock breathed out and John looked up at him through his lashes. Sherlock’s eyes were locked on him, pupils blown wide as he watched John take him further into his mouth before pulling up and working his tongue around him again. “Come up here.”
“Just a matter of time, yeah?” one of the doctors, Potter or Prewitt, something with a P, anyway, replied and then everyone nodded their heads in agreement, just as expected.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied without hesitation. His heart had started to beat wildly in his chest. He was finally about to get answers.
Sherlock’s thighs shook as John took him in again, all the way in, and when he swallowed around him, he let out a soft cry. John lost himself in the feel of Sherlock on his tongue, the taste of him in his mouth. His own arousal was secondary as he focused on Sherlock, on giving him the pleasure he sought, on being allowed to give that pleasure. He was so lost in the feeling that it took a sharp tug of his hair before he realized Sherlock had been speaking to him. When he pulled off, Sherlock practically yanked him to his feet before leaning down and pushing his tongue into John’s mouth in a messy kiss.
It was when the jealousy started that ‘It’s all fine’ became harder to maintain. Just small flashes of it at first. A twinge of possessiveness when someone stood too close or held Sherlock’s attention for longer than five minutes. Moriarty had held his attention and there had been an almost obsessiveness about it that rubbed John wrong in many ways. Then The Woman happened and John felt moments of panic and jealousy through that entire interaction. And she had seen it, which scared him most of all. She had looked at him and knew John’s heart the way that Sherlock looked at him and knew his life.
John dried his hands and after checking that Sherlock was okay, he walked out of 221B and made his slow way back to his bedit.
John watched his friend for a moment and didn’t bother to hide the soft smile that he felt on his face. He was too comfortable and just drunk enough to not care if he was caught.
“You know, this would be a lot easier if you just moved in with me,” Sherlock took the opportunity to say as he and John stumbled into the flat at Baker Street after a rather exciting case, followed by the decidedly unexciting long hours of paperwork that had to be completed at NSY.
When his physical body finally kicked in and forced him to breathe his mind began to whirl. He needed to go to his Mind Palace. He needed to apply this new data to all of his experiences with John.
“That’s incredibly sentimental. I’m embarrassed for you,” Sherlock drawled as John kissed his way down Sherlock’s neck to his chest, long fingers of one hand carding through John’s short hair.
John did. He completely understood. Sherlock had just put into impossible words the emotions he never knew how to describe. He felt like Sherlock had pried open his chest, sliced open his heart, and examined it under his microscope. Found all the hidden recesses that were filled with affection and love and loyalty and devotion to the man before him. But these were Sherlock’s words. Sherlock, who felt more deeply than he ever let the world know, but who never could truly hide behind the facade he built around himself. How could John even respond to that?
“Oh, ok,” John said, ignoring the way he felt a shade of disappointment at not being able to put his hands on Sherlock’s skin. He had touched him before, of course. Dabbed on antibiotic ointment and had given him stitches a time or ten. Changed bandages and even helped him bathe before, but it was always while he wore the mantle of a doctor, not of a friend. Not of...maybe something more.
He crossed the hallway and stuck his head through the open door after a perfunctory knock on the wooden frame. Sherlock was unpacking his suitcase and looked up at the knock.
He couldn’t live with him. The level of his devotion to the man was already astounding. It would complicate everything if he allowed himself to be completely immersed in his life. He could live in the periphery, though, if Sherlock allowed. That could be enough.
“Sherlock, you and Rosie are the most important people in my life. You both are my world. And yes, I know that’s sentimental and hyperbole, but it doesn’t change the fact that I love both of you more than I ever thought would be possible. You and Rosie are my family. You’re the only family I want or need,” John stated. Sherlock was staring at him wide-eyed, but John had started speaking, and now he wasn’t able to stop. “I know it’s not what you signed up for all those years ago. You were looking for a flatmate, someone to share the rent, not a family. It was just luck that I’m a doctor and have a bit of a danger kink and could assist you in cases. I know you’re married to the Work and aren’t interested in relationships, and that’s fine because you’re the best friend I’ve ever had. I don’t make friends easily, but you let me in. Even more than that I let you in, and you burrowed your way into my heart and I can’t imagine a life without you in it. You look at Rosie like she’s your own, and I know you love her. I know and she knows, and it’s absolutely beautiful to me that I get to see that and get to be a part of that. So yes, when someone compliments me on having a beautiful family, I’m going to smile and say ‘thank you’ because it’s true.”
Sherlock leaned into the hand and felt the brush of calluses that were fading from the surgeon’s hand; felt the smooth band of body-warmed gold that rested against his skin. Felt the weight of the gold that encircled his own finger. He sighed and turned his head slightly, brushing his lips against John’s palm in a kiss.
Sherlock put his cup down by John’s on the counter and gently removed the flower from his hand. “Do you know much about dandelions, John?” he queried softly but didn’t wait for an answer. John couldn’t have given one if he had. He was too caught up in how close Sherlock was, his body’s warmth filling the space between them, his scent overpowering his other senses. “It’s such a common plant. A weed, really. A humble and simple bloom. It’s not showy. But it’s a hearty plant, at that. It can bloom almost anywhere, it thrives in harsh environments. It’s often shown as a symbol of life, of intelligence, of hope.” Sherlock turned his sharp gaze from the yellow bloom in his hand to John, and John couldn’t breathe. “It rather reminds me of you.”
John sat quietly beside him the entire time, as Sherlock drank his tea, and slowly pulled back all those loose tethers of his sanity. Pulled them back in and tied them down. Sherlock had learned that tying them down was only temporary, but it was the best that he could do. His mind palace was no prison, and he couldn’t control the anxieties that took over and rained devastation on him. He couldn’t pinpoint specific triggers, couldn’t decipher a pattern, and after his return from Serbia, his return to a John that had moved on, his mind had taken advantage of him and occasionally tore him from his logic and threw him into insanity.
His mind wandered back into his dream and he frowned. Fucking Mycroft. John hadn’t dreamed of Sherlock in a way that hadn’t ended with him lying on the pavement outside Bart’s in over a year. It was his fault John was suddenly seeing him in a dream, alive, and John was exhausted. A few cryptic words from the bastard and he was ready to believe anything, it would seem. His subconscious was, anyway.
John frowned as he watched Sherlock, who still hadn’t moved from his supine position with a living dog blanket. What flowers? John thought wildly, before the answer slammed into and he nearly gasped at the force of it.
John let out a sigh of relief. Oftentimes it seemed like employees hounded after him whenever he ventured into stores, so it was a nice change of pace to be allowed to simply wander up and down the shelves.
Yellow police tape blocked the scene in front of him, but he strode over with his usual mask of confidence and indifference, ignoring Donovan where she stood off to the side. She narrowed her eyes at him, which he also ignored, and brought her device up to her mouth.
Sherlock looked up at him from where he now sat on the closed lid of the toilet. He opened his mouth once, then closed it again.
Sherlock was gone, but the city he loved, the city they both loved, was still there. It just kept going on whether they were there to live in it, to breathe it in, or not. There was something comforting in that.
“John, are you almost done in there? I would appreciate some hot water for my shower if you don’t mind,” he complained.
John arched a brow at him. “Cat got your tongue?” he teased lightly, and Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him.
“This looks amazing,” he said as he reached for a piece of naan from the plate in the center of the table. It was soft and warm in his hands, and he tore off a piece. He dunked it in the sauce on his plate and took a bite. His eyes closed as the perfect blend of spice and bread hit his tongue, and if he gave an almost indecent moan in his enjoyment of this culinary masterpiece, well that would just have to be forgiven. “It tastes even better than it smells,” he proclaimed as he opened his eyes and looked at his friend. Sherlock had been staring at him and he looked away and quickly cleared his throat before tearing off a piece of his own naan. John smiled at him before he truly tucked into his meal.
While they were out, John prepared the lasagna that was in the fridge for their dinner. It was something both Sherlock and Rosie would eat without complaint and John was glad he had decided to save it for their last evening there. There was bread to go with it, and he put together a salad as well with fresh tomatoes from the garden.
John looked at Sherlock; forced himself to nod. He could believe that. Sherlock had the best poker face John had ever seen and it was just as clear now as it ever was in the past. Sherlock cared for Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, no matter what bullshit came out of his mouth about caring being a disadvantage. Except, maybe, for him it was. He had cared and jumped off a building to presumably save the lives of those very people.
Both men finished their ice cream and Sherlock lowered his voice and shared his deductions about the people around them while Rosie worked on finishing her cone. John snorted with laughter at certain revelations or his brows would arch up in surprise at others. It was comfortable and entertaining and John loved every moment of it.
Oh, but wait. He hadn’t stepped away. John’s hands came up to cup Sherlock’s face, his thumbs smearing the salty tears from his eyes and cheeks, which had the unfortunate side effect of causing more tears to fall.
“Hungry? I’m starving and my bollocks are freezing,” John joked, and that seemed to snap Sherlock out of whatever thoughts he was having as he regarded John. He watched as Sherlock’s lips twitched into a small smile, and let himself return it as they turned to walk back towards Baker Street and the flat, the gloom surrounding them broken up by street lamps, headlights, and the fairy lights that decorated the city.
He let himself imagine reaching forward with his foot and rubbing it against the high arch of Sherlock’s instep. Just a brush of bare skin. He could practically feel his skin thrumming at the imagined sensation and didn’t bother repressing the delightful shiver that ran through him. It would take very little effort for him to lean forward, to fall to his knees between the vee of Sherlock’s splayed legs and let his hands trace up those long limbs, up the calves and firm thighs. Or maybe he could stand up, place his hand down on the arms of Sherlock’s chair, let his knee rest between those long legs instead, and take Sherlock’s gorgeous lips with his own.
Then he realized he was tired of circling whatever it was the two of them had been going around for all of these years.
“Yeah, well. You looked like you could use a good bowl of soup,” John said, and that warm smile was back again. “It’ll be ready in about half an hour.”
The kettle started to whistle, and John swiftly pulled it off the hob to keep the sound from waking Rosie. He prepared their tea, then walked into the sitting room with both cups, not surprised to find Sherlock sitting on the sofa, his nose buried in what looked like some kind of gardening book. He reached a mug out and Sherlock took it from his hands without even looking up.
Sherlock was laid out on the couch in his traditional thinking pose, fingers steepled beneath his chin, but there was one major difference. Joy, her head resting under Sherlock’s hands, and her tail wagging lazily, was stretched out atop him and John blinked at the strange sight.
John carefully let out the breath he didn’t realize he had been holding. Well, so much for not being awkward. John shook his head at himself and refused to look back at Sherlock, who had turned his attention away from John and back to the window as soon as he seemed satisfied that John had been thoroughly put in his place. He forced himself to eat another casual bite of the pasta that now felt and tasted like glue in his mouth. Sherlock suddenly perked up like a puppy who scented a new dog.
“It wasn’t murder, Lestrade. It was an accident. She was knitting when it happened. She rose from her chair, most likely to answer the door when her grandson knocked, and tripped over her cat while holding the needles,” he nearly snarled.
“There you are, John. I was wondering when you’d make your way down. The tree looks good, doesn't it? I had those young men next door bring it up for me yesterday. When I went to the little farm stand to pick mine up there was that one just sitting there all pretty and I just knew it would look good up there. I put the lights on, of course, you saw that, but I didn’t want to do the ornaments. Not on my own, at least. There’s something special about putting the ornaments on that should be done with others, I think. Plus I wasn’t sure where you kept the special ones, and I didn’t want to bother you when you got home last night.”
“Who was your first...whatever?” John asked. If they were going to ask those kinds of personal questions, then there were plenty that John would like answers to.
“Sherlock, I am not leaving right this second to pack up. I’m tired. We were up all night tailing that bloke with the fish and I’m knackered.”
“Maybe not officially, dear, but I’m not blind. You two were good together. What you two got up to in your rooms is none of my business, live and let live, but you loved him.”
He focused on his breathing as he walked. Forced himself to take long breaths in, then slow breaths out. Then several quick breaths followed once more by the long and slow. His thoughts circled, but he refused to let his mind settle on any particular one.
Sherlock watched her exit and make her way back towards Barts, her words echoing in his head. Should he tell him? What difference would it make for John to know? John wasn’t interested. He wasn’t, so telling him did nothing but put Sherlock’s traitorous heart on a bloody altar to be sacrificed with a wicked knife. And it would be a painful blade, no matter how gently John would wield it in an effort to let him down gently.
Martha made her way downstairs after the breakfast John had made to give the little family some time together to enjoy their Christmas morning. Rosie had been happily playing with her new doll over by the tree and the boys were drinking their tea and speaking softly to one another when she had left them.
“Triple murder. Locked room. Should be a good one,” he explained, a rather inappropriate smile on his face for someone discussing murder. John found his own smile stretching across his mouth in response, though, his heartbeat starting to race in anticipation of what was to come.
After a quick negotiation of what was and wasn’t acceptable in the kitchen should John accept the flatshare, Sherlock put out his hand. “Deal,” he proclaimed.
But happiness? Hearing John state so simply and with such ease that he was happy felt more like a punch to the gut than it had any right to. He should feel pleased or some other positive emotion. Instead...he wasn’t sure how he felt. His stomach twisted on itself uncomfortably. Perhaps it was because John had never said that to Sherlock. How was John able to express himself to Alex without hesitancy, but he had never spoken a word of anything in this nature to him?
“Yes, I know exactly who that is,” Sherlock informed him, eyes narrowed as he approached his brother. “What are you doing here?” he asked.
Salt and air and sand surrounded their little party of three. Crashing waves, gull cries, and the exhilarated exclamations of an excited three-year-old served as the soundtrack to a day filled with blue skies and bright sunshine.
Once the water boiled, he poured it in his mug over the teabag to steep. He turned in place, mug on the counter behind him, and found his gaze once more on his laptop. The screensaver was on, some image of a waterfall he had randomly selected years ago, and the image reminded him that he should probably take a shower some time today. Maybe after his tea.
Just when he was about to pull his hand away because clearly he had made a mistake, he had read everything wrong, John turned his hand over under his and threaded their fingers together. He looked up for the first time since he had started down this path and his eyes locked with John’s.
“I don’t care why he did it. I want to know how he could do that to you,” Mrs. Hudson spoke, righteous anger on his behalf in her tone , and John couldn’t help the rush of affection he felt for his landlady.
When he met John later that evening, he was in an almost giddy mood. He had ended his previous lease with no issue, had managed to convince Molly Hooper to save him some fantastic specimens down at Barts, it was only a matter of time before DI Lestrade came to him for help with these serial suicides, and now he was going to sign a new lease with his new flatmate in his fantastic new flat. Honestly, it was one of the better days he had had in quite a while. The only thing that could make it better would be a triple homicide in a locked room, but he was content enough to not be greedy at the moment.
John scratched at the back of his neck as he looked at her and tried to formulate any kind of response to that. He only cooked for himself and Mrs. Hudson. He cooked for two. Mrs. Hudson and he were the two. Or he cooked for himself and his future self, which technically was one, yes, but for his current purpose, his future self that ate the leftovers for lunch was separate from him, and thus, two.
“Sherlock, if you really think...”John began after several minutes of quiet contemplation, his eyes still on the fire, and he could feel Sherlock’s sharp gaze on him. “Sherlock, if you really think that it would make that much of a difference, then I will reconsider moving in.”
“Of course, dear,” she said, and John watched as she splashed just enough tea into a cup of milk to change the color, along with a small spoonful of sugar. She cut her eyes at John before giving a wink. “It is Christmas, after all.”
John carefully took the empty mug from his hand and placed it on the sink. He turned to look back at Sherlock, a question in his eyes, and Sherlock took in a deep breath and let it out slowly before he nodded.
“What if I kept my experiments to half of the kitchen table and half available counter space? I will make sure all other surfaces in the kitchen are sterilized in time for you to do whatever you need to in there,” Sherlock offered.
“What case? You didn’t text me,” John says, trying to figure out exactly what game Sherlock was attempting to play.
“Too late for help. You signed your life away in front of an official and a handful of select witnesses. You belong to me now.”
John had said he wasn’t sure about taking the room and that was unacceptable. He needed John to take the room. So, he would show John that him taking the room was a good decision. He climbed back up the stairs and back into the flat.
He realized after a few minutes that he would need to take Joy out for a walk and his silent contemplation of the snowflakes dusting his window turned into an internal groan. Snow was pretty enough falling, but in the city, it quickly turned grey with the filth from the streets and he wasn’t eager for Joy to bring all that muck back into the flat.
He watched as John’s pupils expanded, eyes nearly black, and he nodded. John’s hand went back into his curls as he pulled him down into a kiss. “Lube?” John asked after he pulled away.
“It’s nothing personal,” he began, and Sherlock listened to him explain his reasonings for what felt like the thousandth time. They seemed valid, on the surface level, but Sherlock knew they were all hollow excuses. They didn’t touch on the real matter at hand. The real reason John refused to move in. ‘It’s nothing personal,’ John had said, but Sherlock had become confident that it was indeed very personal. He knew it was personal for him, at least.
Sherlock stepped closer and slipped his hand into John’s front pocket to pull out his mobile. John watched him curiously as Sherlock typed in the passcode and swiped it open. He tapped quickly at the screen and then the speakers started playing out another song.
Sherlock leaned down, one hand braced against the armchair and the other coming up to cup John’s jaw. Sherlock’s thumb traced under his bottom lip and John gasped at the sensation. Sherlock’s eyes were locked on his, watching his every move, and John let his tongue flick out, brushing it against his thumb, the sharp tang of salty skin flooding his mouth, and watched as Sherlock’s eyes went nearly black with desire.
A sound coming from upstairs put him automatically on high alert. He frowned, then quietly toed off his shoes before walking silently to the stairwell that led to his room. His heart was pounding in his chest, his palms tingling, his fingers itching for the gun he no longer carried. He felt frighteningly alive, alive in a way he hadn’t felt since the last time he chased after a twirling grat coat and a head full of dark curls.
Unfortunately, John is very forcibly reminded that it’s difficult to keep the man out of his thoughts as Sherlock comes swooping into the theater that he was currently sitting in. John quickly tried to hide behind the man sitting in front of him, accidentally sending his bucket of popcorn tumbling from his lap to scatter its contents all across the floor. Naturally, this was a homing beacon for attention to be sent his way as he made a ridiculous amount of noise for a man trying to hide.
So the next time Sherlock burst through the closed door, mouth running with the speed of a freight train, John was surprised by the abrupt entrance, but not the entrance itself.
Sherlock had been quiet during the entire episode as it took place in their living room. Stood there, stoic and silent, while John railed and cursed and then eventually stormed off.
“Would you?” Sherlock asked, one brow arching up, which John found impressive considering how much alcohol they had managed to consume in the last three hours.
Sherlock was fascinating and charming, but they weren’t friends. He didn’t owe him anything. He barely knew him, which seemed to be a good thing at the moment, because there was nothing he could tell this man since he really didn’t know.
The next time Sherlock charged into the loo was no less shocking, but slightly less rage-inducing. At least this time he was already out of the shower, a towel wrapped securely around his waist, as he stood in front of the mirror and applied shaving cream to his face. He was lucky the door hadn’t hit him when it was swung open. Unfortunately, he had been mid-shave with his razor and the sudden entrance had caused him to nick his chin.
A moment later John felt the twin sensations of the cool sunblock and a large warm hand as Sherlock spread lotion across his back and rubbed it into his skin. His hands were firm, confident and methodical, as he worked across John’s back and shoulders. They didn’t hesitate over his scar, didn’t shy away from the top edge of his bathing trunks.
He watched as Joy sniffed at the box, her wet nose leaving little smears of moisture across the unadorned cardboard where she pressed particularly hard before moving onto another angle to examine it.
“She just seems very happy for a dog that was found on the street with a sprained leg. So, yes. Joy.”
“Despite what you seem to think, I can tell when two people are attracted to each other,” Sherlock asserted as he forced himself to remain calm in the face of John’s rising frustration.
Sherlock rounded the car to the boot and pulled out their bags as John opened the back door to let Rosie out. She had fallen asleep on the drive up but had woken up when they had turned onto the road that led to the cottage. Rosie hadn’t stopped talking since the moment her eyes had opened and she realized they were almost to their destination, and she was still going as John unbuckled her from her seat.
Darkness had descended during his walk, and the gates were locked, and John thought that might be for the best. Apparently, his inclination to talk to Sherlock’s grave hadn’t been erased when confronted with the truth that Sherlock was alive. He didn’t know if he wanted to laugh or groan or cry at his own actions.
“Mistletoe is a bit cliche,” Sherlock said after they pulled apart, though John felt Sherlock’s smile against his lips.
They sat in the back of the taxi, silent but content, for the rest of the ride to Baker Street. When they arrived, they climbed out and grabbed John’s possessions from the boot. Sherlock pulled a key out of his pocket and handed it to John.
Sherlock’s breaths were coming quicker and John knew he was close. He reached down between them and grasped Sherlock’s cock with his still slick hand, and watched completely mesmerized as Sherlock fucked himself into John’s fist and on John’s cock.
By the time he and Joy arrived back into the flat, they’d been gone for over two hours. He unclipped the leash from Joy’s collar before they made it to the door and she bounded inside and to the kitchen for what he assumed was her water bowl. John followed at a more sedate pace, expecting to find Sherlock still on the couch, but a quick look confirmed that Sherlock had moved as John made his way in.
It was why he had joined the military. Well, partly, anyway. Even when the days were the same, they were different. A little family clinic in London wasn’t likely to see anything truly exciting, thus the personnel weren’t likely to have anything much more exciting than unexpected projectile vomiting.
Then Sherlock fell and the lie shattered as easily as a skull fractures after dropping four stories to the pavement. His heart was broken. No pretty metaphors to paint a pretty picture needed. His best friend, the man he had fallen in love with, was dead. He questioned himself every day for the two and a half years that Sherlock was gone if maybe he wouldn’t have fallen if he had told him the truth. If he had taken that chance.
The news had been growing more concerning every day, but John wasn’t particularly worried yet. The clinic he worked at had started discussing protocols and ordering surplus supplies. So far, it all seemed practical and he agreed with what was being done.
It was with all this in mind that he planted the seed of him needing a flatmate in the ear of any who would listen. Earlier that day he had mentioned that he must be a hard man to find a flatmate for to Mike Stamford, and a mere 4 hours later, Mike had hand-delivered a handsome little package right to the lab.
When he made his way to the kitchen he noticed the smell of bleach, but it wasn’t until he walked in that he noticed the counters and table were clean. Spotless. He walked to the refrigerator and pulled it open. The sharp scent of bleach flooded his nostrils as the soft white light illuminated the clean shelves. There was milk, and butter, and a sandwich on a plate wrapped in cellophane.
“Excellent plan, John. Come along, Watson. Let’s see what we can find,” Sherlock agreed before turning to leave with a smile and wink dropped over his shoulder, and Rosie trailing behind with Ice Cream snug in her little fist.
He waited a moment, but John didn’t reply back, so he slipped his mobile in his pocket and walked back towards his chair and laptop. It would take John at least 20 minutes before he arrived at Baker Street, and that was assuming the Tube was running on schedule. Grabbing the laptop again he moved to the sofa instead of his chair. He sat in the corner and threw his legs up on the soft leather before he opened the lid and woke the device again. Twenty minutes was more than enough time to do something; to find something relevant to the case.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, completely confident in his assessment of John Watson and that he would sign the lease papers by the end of the day.
John tried to ignore the way his heartbeat kicked up in his chest at the thought that he might actually move in with Sherlock. That this could be happening. “You said ‘reconsider’,” Sherlock spoke quietly. “What would you need to reconsider?”
The sound of Sherlock’s playing followed him up the stairs and throughout his shower. He couldn’t hear it over the sound of the spraying water, but it was still going when he came out and got dressed in his pajamas. Might as well be comfortable. He was humming as he made his way to the kitchen and got the supplies ready for tea.
“I still don’t understand why you wouldn’t date men, then. Did you not want a relationship?” he asked as he watched John attentively.
He gave himself a small shake and forced himself back to the present. He nodded his chin towards the table. “Lunch is ready,” he said, stating the obvious, but he was too pleased with how steady his voice came out to care.
John stared at the box that he had brought down from the top of the cupboard. It was a boring box. Just cardboard, absolutely nothing special about it, but John knew what he would find inside, and for some reason, it was taunting him.
“Yeah, of course. I’ll just head up, then,” he turned and started walking, then stopped and quickly kicked his shoes off to not track mud throughout the house. He made his way up the stairs and to his room quickly, peeling off his wet clothes and tossing them over the back of the wooden desk chair in the room. He didn’t have any extra bottoms, so he just pulled on a pair of clean pants and a shirt.
Sherlock watched his best friend. His eyes scanned over him, reading everything that he always did, but suddenly seeing more than he had before. It was always something, wasn’t it?
“Sure,” John agreed after a moment. “But the point of the fantasy is that it’s most likely something that won’t happen. That’s what makes it fun.”
He drained his tea, then looked to the laptop that was still waiting for the password to be entered. He typed it in, two fingers tapping slowly and methodically, and when it was up and running he pulled up a new tab on the internet and searched for restaurants in his vicinity. It was too early to eat, but he wanted to have an idea of where to go. He found one promising one, and then closed the computer down again.
When John eventually made his way down the stairs he wasn’t at all surprised to see the garland wreaths and fairy lights decorating the entrance to 221 and his way to Mrs. Hudson’s door. A quick rap of his knuckles on the door followed by an “it’s unlocked!” found him opening the door and being instantly enveloped in the scent of Chrismas baking. It reminded him of visiting his grandmother when he was a boy, the scent of vanilla and sugar and butter heavy in the air, and he breathed in deeply.
They went that way the rest of the short walk to the ice cream shoppe. Sherlock shortened his stride to match John’s, and both men let the little girl between them swing to her heart’s content.
He could feel Sherlock’s eyes watching him silently as he turned and made his way up to his room, Joy on his heels, but he refused to look back. He wasn’t sure what look he would see on the man’s face and more importantly, he wasn’t sure what Sherlock would see in his.
“If I never have a kid sneeze on me again, I think I could die happy,” John’s voice cut through Sherlock’s thoughts and he actually jumped in surprise and simultaneously slammed his laptop lid shut.
John looked up when Sherlock entered. “You were out late. Did Greg finally manage to force you to complete all that paperwork?”
Joy had curled next to him during his nightmares and he had pet her head and scratched her ears while his eyes refused to shut.
“I know you are,” he said. “I’m sorry I yelled at you,” he apologized, but Sherlock just shook his head.
His favorite, though, came as a surprise to him. John had always been happy with a fried egg (even a poorly prepared one like he used to make) and sausage with beans on toast. It was something familiar and comfortable, and it was still the one he mostly fell back on. Then Mrs. Hudson introduced him to poached eggs.
“You said a mean word,” she informed him solemnly, and Sherlock turned his expression to appear properly apologetic for his misdeeds.
“What did he do?” Sherlock asked quietly, and John turned to look at him before he leaned back into the couch again.
Sherlock watched him thoughtfully for a moment and just when John feared he wouldn’t get out of explaining why he said what he said to that woman in regards to her obvious belief that they were indeed a couple and Rosie their child, Sherlock smiled and leaned back in his chair.
