Dean glanced up at his brother’s serious face and his chest tightened. He took the note:
"I am telling you, Sammy, no way is this place haunted," Dean said. He drove down the main street of Stunt-Town-Number-3 and spotted a diner ahead. Beside him, Sam huffed a breath.
Sam is silent for a long moment.
Dean runs a hand over his tired face. “I’d feel a lot better patching it up. Shit.” Dean leans over Cas and taps him on the cheek. “Cas, do we need to take out the bullet?” Sam didn’t even think about that.
. Cas looks at him with his serious face and thousand yard stare. Sam didn’t think that it would work and so he bolts from the room to the sound of Dean’s triumphant cry as he holds down Cas’ hands.
“Dude, you look…” Dean trailed off. Sam shrugged. He looked down at himself.
“That’s the thing about this spell. It takes a while unless…” she trailed off, twirling the blade in the hand not holding Sam. Dean was going to rip her head off. “Unless I have a special sort of blood.” Abaddon ran her eyes over Sam’s fever-shaking body and raised her arm, “I really do like that shirt.”
“We’ll put him in my room.”
“He told me he loved me and I- I couldn’t say a damn thing. I just stood there. I
Cas looked at Dean and then Sam, who shook his head. "Oh," he whispered, dropping his eyes to the floor. Dean's stomach flipped at seeing Cas slump lower on the bed. He went to lay a hand on Cas' shoulder but drew it back.
“In,” Sam replied. The Winchester looked at each other. Sam cocked his gun and Dean readied the demon-killing knife.
Cas nodded in thanks and made to turn away. He paused and then asked, "Do you still want that pie?"
"We can go now. I paid for your food already," he said. Without waiting for a response, he turned and headed out of the diner. Dean raised his eyes to the ceiling. The brothers hurried after the angel.
Dean didn’t answer, stunned that Cas had disappeared again, pissed at that goddamn angel, so pissed he could feel his blood rushing to his head. Sam came closer. Said, “Crowley’s looking pretty bad, which is actually pretty good for us.”
It wasn't as painful as Cas thought, ripping out his grace to hide it. He supposed it had to do with intent. His was not a punishment but a
The other man’s nose crinkled in confusion. For a long moment, he didn’t speak. Just as Dean was about to escape the suddenly awkward atmosphere, he answered:
"Good, thanks Sammy," Dean said, walking over to his brother and taking a coffee cup. He shook his head minutely at Sam's questioning look.
Cas was leaning against the impala. When he saw Sam and Dean, he stood up straight.
"You fell and what, got a job at a diner?" Sam said in disbelief. Dean had to agree that it was a bit hinky, but what wasn't in their life?
. He chose a different family. Cas needed to protect them but he needed to protect the angel tablet. He mustn't be tracked.
There was black. Silence.
Sam was making a face. It was quite an unattractive face and it was directed at his brother.
“I feel fine right here,” Cas mutters.
Cas sat down heavily on the edge of his bed. He took a sip of his coffee as Dean and Sam sat on the chairs opposite. He looked up, "Tell me: is Meg alright?"
“But Dean…” Cas starts.
“Yeah, that’s real helpful, Cas.” Dean said shortly.
"Thank you, Sam," he said.
Dean looked at his brother and honestly did not know. "I don't know, actually. It was just a feeling I had."
"Do not even go there, Cas, that was completely different!" Dean threw up his hands.
“Look who decided to grace us with his presence.”
They make it to the bunker in more or less one piece. Dean shuts off the engine and turns to the backseat.
The light grew brighter. Abaddon’s screams were cut short. A loud crash and the church windows exploded.  The light grew. Dean didn’t hear Cas. A loud bang and the ancient wooden pews creaked and split. A table hit the wall and broke and Dean kept his eyes covered. He couldn’t risk opening them but he had to see, he needed to see. It was almost too much; the light, the pain, the need to find Sam, to see Cas.
his happiness wasn’t in the having but just in the saying it. Saying it was enough to call the Empty.
*******
Sam and Dean helped Cas pack up his notes and put them in the trunk of the car, now parked at the motel. Dean watched in disbelief, Sam in shock as Cas pulled out an object from the tiny bar fridge, declared it to be the angel tablet and then shoved it in his duffel bag. What is my life? Dean thought.
“Cas!” He shouts. Dean peers through the black, straining to see. He can see the tiny light of the portal’s opening behind him but it’s barely bright enough to light the space around him. Dean checks his phone for the time. Only seven minutes. He ventures further, calling Castiel’s name.
So is Sam. Grief does that to people. “You were-you were practically catatonic in there, Dean, and it scared me. I’m hanging on by a thread here, man. Cas is my friend, and everyone we know,
"Hello, Dean."
“Cas? Come on, man,” Dean wasn’t pleading. He wasn’t. He wrapped his hand around Cas’ wrist and felt for a pulse. It was weak but it was there.
“You’ve made progress on the third trial?” Cas asked, looking around the bunker.
Sam was tapping his fingers on the table. Two fast, two slow, two fast, two slow. It was pounding inside Dean's head. He reached over and covered Sam's hand.
“’m not hungry.”
********
Cas hesitated. Dean clenched his jaw but Cas seemed to come to a decision within himself and answered, "It isn't fully translated. I've worked on possibly one-third. It speaks of angel sigils and rituals and makes mention of... closing the gates of heaven."
and wondered at his emotions, no longer dulled by angel grace. Perhaps he should tell them he was okay. No. It was better this way. Perhaps in a little while.
The light turned green. Dean nodded his head at Sam and said, "Okay. We'll take a look, Nancy Drew."
“Not everyone,” Dean says, quietly. Gabriel nods his head in acquiescence.
"Um, I'm just gonna go get some coffee..." Sam said, inching towards the door. Dean waved him off, staring at the former angel in front of him. Dean narrowed his eyes at Cas.
is gone… and I just need to know.
“Oh. Uh, cool,” Dean said. He looked down at the man’s hand, long fingers holding a cotton swab and a needle. Dean unconsciously shifted backwards on his seat at the sight of the needle.
The man moved closer to Dean and repeated, “I am not a doctor. I’m one of the nurses administering the flu vaccinations.”
Sam was struggling, breathing heavily. Dean had tried to get Sam to stay in the car but that had worked about as well as when Sam was 7 and wanted to sleep under the kitchen table, which is to say, it didn’t. Sammy had enjoyed his rest that night, the little shit, and had been using it ever since.
"We can walk, it's not far from here."
His brother’s tinny voice came through the other side.
A tentative touch to his shoulder and awareness slams back into Dean like a freight train. He looks up.
, you just take off? Again?" Sam tried to reach over to Dean to quiet him but Dean shrugged him off.
"Hi, Cas."
Sam looks down at the angel. He’s unconscious. “The bleeding has stopped,” he manages to say.
"Sorry," Sam said, "Just nervous, I guess. What do you think Cas is gonna say? Where's he been?"
Sam looked shocked at the blunt recount of events, though Dean wasn't surprised at the tone. Part of it was definitely Cas but he knew what it was like. Sam would too. Don't pick at the memories, hold it all in. Jesus.
at him. “Do you know what I mean?”
Cas righted the table but left the papers strewn on the floor. Dean watched carefully as Cas made his way to them, body tense.
“Hey, that’s mine!” Dean called, “Won him fair and square.” There was a chill coursing through his body at the sight of Sam struggling for breath.
“What am I supposed to do with this?” He looked at Cas. “I ain’t doing ‘em. I gotta get back to the dungeon.”
, Cas. We’re gonna fix you up, get you better,” Dean says firmly. “And
“Don’t hold your breath,” he heard, “and relax your muscles.”
Abaddon was still chanting, focused on the lit candles in front of her.
Dean grinned at him, feeling lightheaded now for a completely different reason.
Lump in his throat, Dean leaned over Cas. He rested his forehead against Cas’ sweaty one and said, “Cas, you get through this, okay? You get through this, and you – I want you to stay in the bunker. With me.” I left space for you in our room.
Cas exhaled loudly, shoulders slumping, "I know. Please wait for me."
The nurse hummed in agreement. He stood close to Dean and swabbed an area of Dean’s bicep. Dean turned his head the other way and held his breath.
Dean rolled his eyes at Sam. As he was contemplating buying a slice of pie to eat back at the motel - one, to annoy his brother, and two, well, pie, a waitress came over to their table.
“Dean,” Sam begins.
"Hey Cas!" Dean said. His eyes went to the rear vision mirror to see Cas look up before turning back to the road. "I gotta ask: how the hell did you make that pie?"
They run towards the light (and isn’t that a laugh, Dean thinks). Closer and closer as the seconds tick down. Just when Dean thinks it’s over, they make it.
Dean didn't know he was going to do it until after he'd done it. He grabbed the angel by the shoulders. Cas flinched and stood stiffly. Dean drew in a deep breath and pulled Cas into a hug. There was a warmth coming from Cas' shirt.
"Okay, fine, there're some unusual spots happening," Sam said. He ran a hand through his hair. "I think we at least should check it out, talk to the locals."
Abaddon waved a dismissive hand, “I don’t need the salesman. I have Lucifer’s vessel.” Dean’s throat closed up. He couldn’t see Sam’s face. “I like your shirt,” she said to Sam. Abaddon pulled out an angel blade and okay, how the fuck did she get that?
“You’ve already started?”
Cas had thrown himself between Sam and Abaddon. The blade stabbed into Cas’ chest. Abaddon screeched in anger and
“It’s like 3 hours from here. When is that idiot gonna stop with the self-sacrificing crap?” Sam gave him a look that clearly said, ‘seriously?’ Dean rolled his eyes. He still felt ill. “Load up the gimp, Sam. We’re going to church!”
Cas shoved his fingers into the wound in his chest. He made no noise but Dean didn’t think he’d hear it over the blood rushing through his ears.
Cas pulled two chairs over to face the bed and sat in one of them. Dean sat. Dean ran his eyes over Cas' slim form, at the messy hair, the perma-stubble, the delicate hands resting awkwardly in his lap, and his head hurt.
Dean snapped the phone shut and turned around. His heart stuttered to a stop. Preparing Dean’s injection was the cutest damn doctor he’d ever seen. Dark scruffy hair, ill fitting scrubs, and when he finally looked up and Dean’s stomach flipped, clear blue eyes.
“Dean?” Sam says, crouching down beside him, “Can you hear me? Are you hurt?”
Dean hummed in agreement. The ringing grew louder. If he concentrated, he could almost make out the beats of a song. The other voices were distant.
Dean laughed.
Cas said, "I suppose it has been that long."
Cas turns to Dean, smiling wider than Dean has ever seen. “Hello, Dean,” He says. He seems lighter, happier.
Hell no.
Cas opened his eyes as Sam and Dean placed him on the bed in the bunker. He murmured, “We’ll have to paint the walls,” and fell into a steady sleep. Sam snorted. Dean sat in the chair close to the bed. He watched Cas’ bandage-swathed chest move up and down with shaky breaths. Sam clapped Dean on the shoulder, earning him a rough shove towards to the door when he managed to hit the one place on Dean that
“You gotta read this, Dean,” he said, coughing. His face was sweaty and pale. “
As Dean surveyed the sterile hospital room, stomach roiling, his phone rang. Without looking at the caller ID, Dean flipped it open and said, “Yello?”
Dean stood up to match ground with Cas, pissed, "You could've at least told us! Do you have a fucking mental override that makes sure you tell us nothing?"
Sam responded but Dean could hardly hear him over the sudden roaring in his ears.
Dean nodded, relieved he had survived the shot, and headed towards the door. He paused just before the exit and turned back to the dark haired nurse.
Dean opened his heavy eyes and blinked to adjust to the change. He scanned the room, not really registering anything, searching out his brother. His whole body ached. Sam hadn’t moved, only turned his head towards Dean. With clear eyes and a half-manic smile, Sam waved at Dean. He laughed quietly and stared back at the ceiling. Dean let out the breath he hadn't realised he'd been holding.
Cas looked at him then, really looked at him. Dean could see disappointment and another emotion in his eyes that he couldn't name.
“I’m not a doctor,” Dean vaguely registered that the deep voice came out of the sexy slim man. He was imagining running his hands through that hair and grabbing and pulling and -
The sun was starting to set. Cas opened his eyes. He was lying on his back in the grassy field, chest and head aching. He felt a thrum coming from his left hand and tilted his head to look.
Sam groaned beside him.
"...Why?" Trudy asked. Her eyes flicked to the kitchen doors and back again.
Cas took a deep breath and exhaled. He lifted his head. "After I left you Dean, I got on a bus," he began. He sipped at his coffee. Dean leaned forward, having completely forgotten about his own coffee in his hand.
“Crap,” Dean breathed. Inside was Abaddon and several demons standing beside a table covered in candles and other ritual crap. Dean couldn’t recognise anything through the dirty window. A sigil was drawn in the centre of the room. Dean didn’t know it and at his questioning glance, Sam shook his head.
” Sam finishes quietly, like it’s too painful to get the words out. Dean gets it. Dean forgets sometimes how much Cas and Sam mean to each other. Nerd brothers-in-arms. The not knowing is hard.
"I searched for somewhere else to rest that night. I was walking down the big main road when I bumped into Trudy. She, ah, she wanted to 'fatten me up' so she took me to the diner. I cleaned the tables that afternoon in thanks and left. A few days later, Trudy found me in the park and offer me a job cleaning and doing some cooking. She owns the diner.
Dean stands, gut tightening. “What do you mean, ‘you think’?” There’s a small flicker of hope building in his chest but he can’t bear to acknowledge it.
"You son of a bitch," Dean said, voice rough. He pushed Cas away sharply, Cas stumbling from the movement. Sam reached out a hand to steady him.
With more effort than he would have liked, Cas sat up. He raised his right hand, still grasping the locket. He held it over the shimmering ball and recited an incantation in a rough tone. As Cas spoke, his grace slowly shifted towards the locket in tendrils.
“I’ve already started the trials,” Cas said. He averted his eyes. The piece of paper – a crumpled receipt – suddenly felt heavy and hot in Dean’s hand.
Sam coughs. He just wants to rest too. His whole body aches. “I’m ready,” he says to Dean. He half believes his own words.
Cas flicked his eyes to the wall. "You're wondering about the translation."
Sam grabbed some of the papers from the ground and scanned them. He passed it to Dean, who did the same, although he didn't recognise any of the symbols.
Sam and Dean stood up as Cas reached their table. He gave them a small smile.
Dean leaned back in his seat. Although she was old enough to have a few grand kids, Dean ran appreciative eyes over her figure before looking up. He knew what effect he was having on her.
“You bitch,” Dean growled. There was a roaring in his ears. Dean wasn’t just gonna rip her head off, he was gonna pull her apart.
"Oh, really? Please tell me," Cas said, flatly.
Castiel stood alone in a small field near a town in Pennsylvania where he'd gotten off the bus. Cas held a locket in his right hand. The bag holding the angel tablet rested by his feet. Cas looked up to the sky and through it with his angel eyes for the last time. He saw the stars and the planets and the galaxies and the angel dust of his fallen brethren.
now. You should've stayed with us, Cas. It's important."
********
Cas took a deep breath, pushed his hand through his chest and pulled.
"Not yet," he said. Dean felt a surge of frustration at the angel's reticence.
Dean swallowed. “Good,” he said. “Good. Wait till you see the kitchen, man. Properly. I’m gonna teach you how to cook. And you and Sammy can geek out over the books.” Dean ran a hand over his face. Cas squeezed his wrist. “Well,” Dean continued, “We’ll have to get you some pyjamas and some new clothes and I’ll show you my records. They're pretty wicked. We can find something for your wall…”
Dean shushes him gently. “Ready, Sam?”
Dean makes a face at Sam that says ‘I know exactly what you’re thinking’. “Yeah, it’s cool,” he says.
“You can have it, Cas, of
“What?”
Sam whistled, "So that's true."
“This note is in case I don’t come back,” Cas explained.
There was a rumble from the middle of the church room. The sigil started to shine. Abaddon chanted faster now. Crowley was trying to roll away, still tied and gagged. The rumble grew louder. Dean had visions of Lucifer’s rise; how the floor groaned and shook and screamed and split apart. Oh god. Dean tried to move again. He shouted through closed teeth, frustrated that he still couldn’t move. Just an inch, come on baby, give me an inch.
“What?” Sam responds dumbly. He looks down at Cas’ wound and notices, surprised, that the tear is smaller. Healing. “Should we just…leave it?” Sam asks with a grimace.
Dean pulled himself forward another inch.
Dean sighed. He was tired of waiting for something to happen. Kevin was working as fast as he could but so far had nothing on the second trial and Cas -
"What?" Dean already suspected the answer, but he had to ask.
Dean wipes his eyes and swallows hard.
Dean licked his lips and ignored the slow churn that had been building in his gut for the past hour. Sam raised his head and pointed. Dean followed his gaze and saw Cas walking towards them. Dean's heart thumped. Cas was wearing jeans and a plaid shirt
Dean grunted, shouted no. He knew what Cas was gonna do; deep down a part of him knew. Dean couldn’t look away. Couldn’t leave Cas alone with that.
"That's great, Cas. Just fine." Dean said, grinning. He flicked his eyes up to the mirror again. Cas gave him a small smile.
Dean thought he might die.
"I fell."
“Dean?” Sam’s voice.
that good. Holy fuck.
“Everyone is gone. They all just disappeared,” Jack says. He looks around the room, concerned. “Where’s Cas?”
He needs more time, he can’t do this. It’s not enough.
before you disappear. You always do this.”
“You’re gonna sit there and you’re gonna take it,” Dean says.”Go, Sammy. Sleep.”
“Dean?” It was Sam. Dean looked him over. Sam’s face was flushed, his eyes bright and shining and he looked…healthy. Dean’s heart made a funny flip motion.
“We need to move Cas into the bunker,” he says.
"I don't understand the question," Cas said.
Sam's eyes widened as he ran his eyes over the motel room. Cas threw his room key on the small table in the corner that was near overflowing in loose papers and notebooks. Sheets of paper were tacked to the wall above it, covered in Cas' handwriting, lines of code. Sam moved closer to the wall but Cas called his name.
The feeling passed but the discomfort in his chest remained. Cas picked up his duffel bag containing the angel tablet and started to walk slowly towards the township in search of a diner, or a motel to stay in. Perhaps he could barter for a room. No doubt the cards in Jimmy Novak's wallet (still inexplicably there) in his coat pocket would be unhelpful.
"I dunno, man. To see Kevin first, probably. Dean?"
“Take it easy,” Sam soothed. “I’m gonna – first aid kit.” Sam raised his shoulders in question. Dean nodded absently. He pushed Cas’ hair away from his forehead.
A second demon threw the hog-tied Crowley onto the ground with a loud thump and rising of dust. “Idiots,” he said.
Dean gave a small huff of amusement and shook his head, "Not hungry anymore."
"But pie first."
Cas spoke calmly, “Abaddon.” His voice carried over the din. Dean didn’t hear Abaddon’s response because in the next moment a dazzling burst of light burned red through his eyelids. It hurt. Dean covered his eyes with his hands, an extra measure against the intense flash of grace. Dean prayed that Sammy had kept his eyes closed.
"I'd like to thank the man, Trudy."
“Why must you make references I don’t understand?” Cas growls. He inhales sharply as Dean drags a wipe across his wound. He glares at Dean.
"What the hell was that about?" Sam said.
, the ultimate win. The Winchesters saved the day. Ding dong the bad guy is gone. Your brother is making eyes at Eileen, everyone is back--“
“I can speak,” Cas says, petulantly.
Dean sees it then, a glimmer of hope in a flash of tan.
“Where should we put him?” Sam pants. Dean looks at him carefully and with concern before answering.
“Yes,” the man answered flatly, tilting his head at what Dean assumed was his ‘oh crap’ face. His blue eyes bore into Dean’s. “It…doesn’t hurt, if you’re anxious.”
"That was the best damn pie I have ever eaten. You've never cooked. Ever. How the fuck was it so good?"
“That’s great, man,” he said softly. Dean took off his jacket and placed it against the worst injury on Cas’ chest. Cas’ eyes flew open and he sucked in a gurgling breath.
“This is a trick,” he murmurs.
Cas licked his lips, "It was too dangerous to fly because Na - (his voice hitched at the name) because Naomi and the others were tracking me. I ended up here. I stood in a field and ripped out my grace."
“Did Billie…?” Sam starts and trails off, trying to understand. Trying to spare Dean the pain of having to say the actual words he’s asked of him.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says, eyes unfocused.
After the fourth ‘this is a really bad idea’ comment from Sam, Dean was about ready to stab him in the neck. He told Sam so. The bitchface was worth it. Crowley was locked up tight in the trunk of the impala and Sam and Dean were creeping around the cemetery to get to the back door of the church. The church itself was pretty unremarkable. A random choice.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean waves his hands dismissively. “We’ll sit him up and then grab him out like before,” he says to Sam. Sam nods and puts his hands under Cas’ shoulders. Dean places his hands on Cas’ forearms. Cas groans and tries to shake him off.
Sam’s head hurts.
"Is that...?" Sam asked.
“Dean,” Sam started to reply but Dean cut him off.
Cas’ eyes flickered, glassy, unfocused. He opened and closed his mouth wordlessly.
"Oh my god," Dean heard Sam say but he focused on the man whose steps faltered slightly when he noticed Dean.
Cas held his gaze. "No one. They're all gone now."
Perfect. Dean grinned at Trudy, "The cook is making one right now?"
"The salad will be fine," Cas said. He wrapped both hands around his coffee and Dean had to force his eyes away from those long fingers.
"It's not safe for you to be alone."
"Warm spots - " Dean cut in. He stopped at a red light and glanced at his overgrown little brother.
"Do you have to do that?" Sam whispered, furiously. "People are starting to stare."
“Dean – wait!” Sam calls but Dean doesn’t listen, doesn’t stop, just walks out of the dungeon. He never wants to be in that room again. Never again wants to see the last place that Cas ever stood.
Cas’ eyes widened, “Crowley? That’s excellent.”
Sam coughed. Dean glanced over at him and rolled his eyes at Sam's discomfort.
"Well, you're one of us now, aren't you?" Dean spat. "Just another mud monkey."
“…What? Oh yeah, I was listening. I’m here right now.” Dean took a deep breath. He never did like hospitals, and he didn’t like waiting. “I hope this little bastard appreciates that his uncle is getting a flu shot for him – you know I hate needles, Sammy.” Dean rubbed a hand over his face as Sam spluttered.
Sam raised his hands as if to say, what the hell? Dean couldn't answer. His eyes drifted to the doors of the kitchen that Cas had just disappeared through.
Dean giggled, actually giggled and hated himself for it instantly. “What, me? No!”
Dean saw a glimmer of light rising almost immediately from the gaping hole in Cas’ chest. Crap. Seeing that once coming outta Cas was more than enough for Dean’s lifetime. Dean struggled against Abaddon’s invisible hold, inwardly shouting when he shifted forward a few inches.  Cas reached over and murmured something to Sam. Dean was too far, always too damn far, to hear. Cas gently shut Sam’s eyes with a bloody hand and tried to stand. Cas’ hands scrabbled for purchase on the wall behind him. What the hell was he doing? Dean had a churning low in his gut. On shaky legs, Cas pulled himself up.
“In?” Dean asked with a sigh. He already knew the answer. He always knew the answer.
Dean checked his watch again, shook it, then held it up to his ear to hear the tiny ticks. Yep, working. Just freakin' slowly. He held his arm out to Sam, "Is that minute hand going backwards, or what?"
********
“Shut up, Cas,” Dean responds. “Sammy, on three. Watch for the angel voice.”
Dean swung into the diner's parking lot and parked his baby.
There was a flash of tan.
Cas’ breathing was worryingly wheezy. He tried to focus on Dean’s eyes, his own still dazed. “I stopped…I stopped the ritual,” Cas spoke slowly, rolling the words around his tongue. Blood leaked out of the corner of his mouth.
“Oh,” Jack exhales. The air in this room is stifling. It hurts to breathe. Dean can’t bear to see the look on Sam’s face.
Cas looked thoughtful. "I'm not sure. Most likely nothing. At any rate, it's just conjecture."
There was a ringing in Dean's ears. He still didn't look at Cas or Sam.
“Okay? Just
Cas fixed Dean with a look, a glare really, and with a grunt of pain, he pulled the blade out of his chest. Cas dropped it on the ground and screwed his eyes shut in pain. The blade gave a loud clang (Dean was surprised he could hear it; the rest of the room’s noise had dulled in the background) and rolled to the side. Sam blinked dazedly as the blade came to a stop near him. Dean shouted his name. Sam was still too out of it. Not good.
"Why are you always so worried about me Char?"
"Did I have too?"
"Oh? And were you in..." Her eyes flickered back down to the sheet "Italy all those years?"
"How are you jerk?"
"Fine, be that way, but no more dirty bean juice for you." She turned and walked down the small space behind the counter.
"It's good to have you back Cas" He pulled me in for another hug, and something in me broke. Maybe it was being called Cas for the first time in years, maybe it was the fact that they were letting me come home after all the years I thought they hated me, but it didn't matter because the tears still poured down my face as I stood hugging my dad in the middle of the driveway.
"Did he tell you that?" Suddenly both of their eyes were on me.
"And you know Dean's here?" He asked, raising a brow "If you hurt him again, I swear Castiel, you better hope I don't see you ever again."
When we finally pulled into our driveway we were all laughing. Stepping out into the warmth of the sun I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, even the air here felt different. Before I knew what was happening I was being hugged too tight to breath.
It was a powerful instinct.
"Yea well, I can't even argue with that. The chance never came around." I knew that was a lie but I had always feared the rejection and having to lose him as a friend more then anything else. My need to keep him in my life had killed what ever chance we'd had to be anything more. But we'd always been so close that it didn't ever feel like we even had to ask eachother out, it was a silent agreement neither of us ever spoke about.
"You would've known if you were here." He sneered, taking another step towards me.
"It's cold, get in the damn car." His words made me smile as I reached down and opened the passenger door, sliding into the seat. "Where are you headed?"
"Is this book about the town or us?" The words flew out of mouth before I could even think about what I was saying, but when his eyes widened and his jaw dropped I knew I'd hit the nail on the head. "Well, if you need help thinking of anything you have my number."
"I called him every night for three months, left a message every night asking to call me back and let me know that he was alive and safe. And you know what he did? Blocked my number."
There's a part of you that doesn't want to be strong.
"Ha, yeah. Please put the poison that makes my back hurt less." I moved towards an empty stool at the counter
"Wait, he's back?! Why am I just hearing about this now? How do you know?" She ran off a list of questions, her voice rushed and eager to hear what I had to say when she finally fell quiet and looked at me patiently, yet the light in her eyes shimmered with interest.
The drive seemed to fly past after that song. For the remainder of the car ride we talked all about the things I had done and seen during the last nine years. After three hours of driving we drove past the old sign saying we were entering town. In nine years nothing had changed, the same restaurants still stood in the same building, the same people walked the streets, the only thing that had changed was now I looked at the town as an outsider. I used to know everyone who roamed the streets, every face was familiar, and now? Now I could only recognize the aged appearances of people who had grown old in my absence. The fear spiked in the back of my mind staring at the strangers before me that I used to know. That was one of the things the rest of the world offered, everything changed in the blink of an eye. But here it was always the same. It hit like a slap in the face, realizing that years ago, it was the change in life that really made me feel at home.
"That's rude."
"Ok well, if that changes just know you don't have to write the rest, it's okay to put the pen down and just stop."
I felt a hand grab my shoulder as everyone began to disperse from the hug, turning to look my dad dead in the eye. As strong a man I'd seen him as now seeing him here with tears running down his face I felt something deep down stirring, reminding me again of how I had failed them because of how I'd left.
“No Castiel,” Hearing her call me Castiel hurt “We all knew the first chance you got you were gone. But he hoped and prayed for years that you would come back, he didn’t go with you because deep down he knew you weren’t coming home, we all knew the moment we saw you were gone we probably wouldn’t ever see you again. Don’t for a second tell me that because you asked him to leave with you for a few weeks you didn’t want to leave him. You were never coming home, he knew that. You knew that.” She said pointing a finger at me across the table
"Well, I don't know, maybe hide until he leaves. If he is back I doubt it will be for long, he always hated this place."
|DEAN'S POV|
"You really slept on that Window seat huh? You're not 19 anymore and can sleep anywhere without waking up with sore muscles." She gave a sly smile and slid the coffee across the counter and into my hands, leaning onto the counter. "So, how's the book coming along you grandpa."
-Ernest Hemingway
I took a deep breath, staring at the blank page in front of me. There were so many emotions I wanted to put into this, but there weren't words to describe how they felt. I could try and word it out, but that alone would break away at the feeling of being there in the moment. I didn't know how to continue from where I'd left off.
"No, no, no. I was just about to head back." I started walking out of the waves, the sand sticking to my feet.
Sorry guys I have lost all motivation to finish writing this fic, I had a lot of plans for where I wanted it to go but I just can't seem to find any energy to write it.
The grey walls stared back at me as the door swung open. The entire apartment was coated in a thin layer of dust, the once vibrant green of the plastic plants on the windowsill was faded. Tears pooled in my eyes as I looked at the quiet room, untouched for eight years. It was a time capsule back to the sleepless nights we'd spent doing schoolwork and holding gamenights for all of our friends. I could already feel the words forming as I walked to the old couch, sitting down on it and opening my laptop on my laptop I finally started to write. A smile on my face as the words flowed onto the paper effortlessly. Stories and moments I'd forgotten over time rolling out onto the pages, taking me back to a time before I knew what losing him felt like. And I lived in the memories, knowing even as they broke my heart, they were healing it just as much.
"We made a promise, a promise that he broke."
Also after the ending of this book, I will have a couple extra chapters that are going to be the book Dean is writing, at least that's the plan for now
"Good" My mind was still tired from the fifteen hour flight.
Rushing back out of the kitchen Charlie looked at me and rushed towards me.
"Really? I swear if we weren't at my diner I'd slap you right now. That's Big!" She reached across the table and smacked my arm, then sat back and folded her arms across her chest and pouted at me "I'm so mad you didn't tell me that, you jerk."
I needed to take a drive, so I floored it. I was so glad I'd left my car here a few months ago, because now I could just turn tail and drive. For hours I drove, winding down old back roads I'd driven a million and one times. Eventually I ended up on a familiar mountain top. Over looking the same foggy field I'd had my first heartbreak at, it was the same scene. The sun setting on a peaceful field, and sitting here now, cross legged on the hood of my car with a laptop on my lap, the memories felt so fresh. And so I wrote, wrote down everything I was feeling, every lost emotion, every forgotten tear, all of the pent up pain came pouring out onto the pages.
"Fair warning, I'm poisoning it." She smiled and turned away making the coffee
"Oh, ok." He said turning his eyes away from me, swallowing hard I walked past him.
"They never told me about that." And that was the truth up until this moment I thought she'd been at her house across town and just hadn't been able to make it.
"Huh, well welcome home." She said looking shocked and stamping the paper handing back my passport "Go through the door at the end of the hall to retrieve your bags, and if you're on another flight bag check is at the bottom of the stairs."
I walked back to Charlie's diner and opened to door, getting smacked in the face with a wave of warm air and the sound of laughter. A soft smile came across my face as I walked to the counter, brow raised looking at Charlie who watched me with accusing eyes and a stern face.
"I told you when I first met him-" my dad started
"No. This is my moment with my baby. They tried to come but I told them that when they gave birth to you they could come." She pushed open the door and let me walk through.
“Castiel, why are you really here?” Charlie stated, sliding into the booth across from me where Dean had just been sat.
"I'm writing a book." Now this had piqued my interest, he always had said he wanted to be a writer, but he also had always been too scared to actually start writing anything.
"What promise was that Dean?" My dad asked, the annoyance in his voice was strong.
"Sam." Both our heads snapped towards where the voice had come from, Dean stood there glaring at us from the driveway of their house. "Leave him alone."
"You can't be here right now."
Eventually I ended back up on the sand shores of the beach, all alone with the sun setting in the background. Strolling down an empty beach alone debating on whether or not I should leave home again. I didn’t have to be anywhere for another month, I had time. But did I have the heart to stay here when everything was telling me to run away as fast as I could. Did I even really want to stay? Or did I just want Dean?
"You really need a new car" I laughed grabbing my bags out of the car and starting to walk towards the door
Turning to face each other again Sam glared at me and roughly slammed his shoulder into mine as he started back up into his jog, disappearing around the corner. I turned to look back at Dean who now had his back to me as he got into his Car, the same Car he'd had all those years ago. I wondered suddenly if he had never moved away or if he still lived here, but I would never ask him those questions. Resuming my walk I was lost in my train of thought when the purring engine of the impala pulled up beside me, looking down into the car stopped next to me I rose a brow at Dean.
"I figured that he's writing a story about us, I could help." The smile was gone off his face
"I think I just saw Castiel."
We can be blindsided, even if we can see it coming.
"Shut up" Looking back at my computer I took another sip of my drink, staring at the blank screen.
"I know, but writing even just the first few chapters I feel like some type of weight's being lifted. I just feel good."
"I do not." Sam said, walking ahead of me and opening the door.
"Castiel." Her words shocked me, how had he known where I was? "Said he passed the apartment on his way down to the beach and saw you on the sill. What were you thinking? You should've told someone where you were going. You left on foot, you didn't have a car and no one even knew you still had the keys to that old apartment, so next time you do something like that, tell someone or so help me god."
"You do deserve that and so much more, but are you sure? I mean isn't there a better way of moving on then reliving all the dirty details? I mean how you two ended, it wasn't pretty, it wasn't romantic, it was just- horrible."
"Dean listen, Cas- Castiel went silent on everyone. He didn't tell anyone he was leaving, and he didn't even contact his mom for a year. It's not just you he shut out, I know you blame yourself for not seeing something but he was a grown up, nobody could've stopped him." She comforted me.
"No, I'm going to go alone this time, maybe we can go for a walk tomorrow." Walking back towards my room I grabbed my sandals and walked out the back door, my feet carrying me down the familiar path that had now been overgrown with plants after years of being unused.
"Can I help you?" I rose my brow as I stared back at him
"Here you go." Charlie Bradbury, an old friend of mine who'd taken over her mother's diner a few years back, slid into the booth across from me. "What are you writing now?"
Even thinking I had seen him was enough to take me back to the months of time after he left where everything I knew had come crumbling down. All the defenses I'd put up crashed down, and I plummeted down with them. Enveloping myself in my characters and living through them, each time tying up every book with a happy ending, the one thing my story never had. It was almost poetic that we'd both go our separate ways to do exactly what we'd said we were going to do years before, I went north and he left.
"I've gone there every time I come home, I just didn't think it was a big deal."
I woke up alone in an empty apartment, my back sore and my eyes heavy. The night had not been easy on me, as much as the story came pouring out onto the page, it took with it little pieces of my soul, chipping away at my happiness. The room was cold and too bright, the curtains still open from me falling asleep on the sill the night before. The sun light poured into the room in blinding streams of light. Yet still even the suns gentle warmth couldn't warm the sharp icy feeling of the room, the bitterness of my heart at how I wished the story I was writing would come to life but knowing it never would. Because I couldn't go back and change my answer, I could only write about what I wish I would've done back then.
"I know mom. I know."
"Hey..." He spoke, his voice was deeper than I remembered, more gravely with even a slight accent to it.
, I thought,
"Dude, and I say this with full offence, that car is 90% rust and 10% gas." Stepping into the house I walked into my old bedroom setting down my bags I collapsed onto the bed, curling into my blankets, closing my eyes. I needed a nap.
"Home."
"Hi" My mind was still spinning at the fact that he was here.
"I don't know, I'm kind of nervous."
"Well aren't you happy for a sunday afternoon." She smiled, pushing a plate of pancakes and bacon towards me "I thought you'd never wake up. I heard you come home last night and figured we ought to leave you alone. Did you get any writing done yesterday?"
"So, how long are you in town for?" Sighing I looked up at him.
"I mean I can always just go." He pointed over his shoulder at the door
Pulling out my phone I saw a text from my mom that she was parked in the East parking garage and heading towards baggage claim now. So turning right I started walking down the endless room of conveyor belts. I could see her pushing open the doors and running towards me. Setting down my bags I opened my arms to hug her as she pulled me into the warmest hug I'd had in years.
"Look who finally woke up"
I struggled to chuckle with the lack of air in my lungs "Good Sam, how's that degree coming?"
"You do realize you're telling me that if the first person I ever loved is back in town I should ask them, hey you want to relive our greatest hits so I can write a love story that's based on our story? Not to mention how much talking to him now would hurt. He told me he was going to explore the world and we went to bed and I woke up alone."
I was in the middle before I knew I'd begun
"Yeah, I finished the first few chapters." I looked up at her and smiled.
"When have I ever? I want you to live your dreams Castiel." There was betrayal in her eyes "I just wished we could have planned your adventures together so I would know that you were safe. That's all I ever wanted, you to be safe."
"Because we care Dean, We worry because we care. I even called Castiel family to see if they'd seen you, and you know who knew where you were some how?" She put her hands on her hips and sent me a chilling glare.
”Char-“
"Yea, I don't know when he got back but I ran into him yesterday at the cove-"
"Why? I'm 29 years old, I can take care of myself."
Eventually I was walking down the street of his old apartment, I could see the light was on, could see his silhouette sat on the window sill, laptop on his lap, so engrossed in whatever he was doing on it. He looked like an old painting, the light gently illuminating half of his face. He looked flawless and untouchable, his features plastered with knowledge and a twist of pain. I had to force myself to look away from him, pushing my eyes down to the cracked concrete. Walking quicker down the street and passed him, and for a second my mind drifted to the fact that maybe I was only ever meant to run away, it seemed to be all I was good at in life.
I will probably be rewriting the first few chapters pretty soon but I'm not sure yet, because I'm not sure how I feel about them, but if I do edit them I'll let you know in the chapter notes of upcoming chapters. Thanks for dealing with me as I get comfortable writing again.
The night I realized I loved Dean Winchester. The boy who I'd texted as a joke when I had felt like I was dying inside, had become the one person I fell for, hard. The fear that I had after that night was a part of the reason I left, the fear that I would get too attached to be able to leave. I knew what he was like, he would never want to leave and I thought somewhere deep down that I would stay if I got too close to him. Of all people, I had to meet the one person who could make me stay, in fact for three years he did just that. Kept the calling for adventures in my soul to go silent.  The idea that he was an adventure enough somehow had settled in my bones when we first met. Though he was someone who kept my mind spinning, always unable to read how he was feeling.
“Dad wouldn’t cheat. I don’t know if Dean knows about him,
She nudged him with her elbow, and leaned closer, resting her head on his shoulder. He tried not to jostle her, or over-react, or turn around and kiss her like he wanted to do.
'What did they say?'
“Oh my God,” Alex laughed. “What if he was there to make sure Mr Winchester didn’t jump your bones?”
“Maybe we should go home, give Dean a chance to get used to being an angel.”
“We’re pregnant!” Sam finally announced, and then looked flustered. “Well, I mean, Becky’s pregnant, but I mean … we’re going to have a baby!”
“How are you now?”
'I love you, too.' Dean admitted quietly, pressing his lips tenderly against Castiel's. 'Always have, Cas.'
“… don’t know what to
“I’ll do my best.”
Castiel tested the ground underneath his feet, and found the stone smooth and slightly worn. He took off his shoes and socks, and rolled up his jeans to sit down and put his feet into the water. It was cool and pleasant, swirling around his toes, seeing the pebbles under the water, the occasional fish swimming by. Dean soon sat beside him, also barefoot, his own jeans rolled up, and he too dipped his feet into the running water.
Claire started walking back to the book store, looking over her shoulder at Kaia heading into the diner. Dean had mentioned the club in passing, but it was strange to think people wanted to meet up and talk about not being hetero. She didn’t like the idea that Kaia was subtly putting out there, that she should somehow be in charge because of Dean, or because of her relationship with Alex. She still wasn’t sure whether she was actually a lesbian - how could you tell when you weren’t really attracted to anyone? Surely Dean didn’t think she was any kind of role model or poster girl for being gay?
“Like I said,” Dean spoke around a mouthful of grapes. “I’m used to it. I told you my past, I’ve always been the one to take it. Makes no difference to me.”
“Nah. Didn’t you hear me? I was sitting with the principal.”
“Can I have it back, please?” Castiel asked Gabriel quietly. Gabriel laughed, and launched himself halfway across the room, away from where Castiel was reading.
"Maybe you'll get forgiven. For helping me do what I need to do for this baby. Maybe then you won't."
She woke one morning to the sound of voices downstairs. It wasn’t her father’s day off, and Jack had a placement for his study, so she was a little surprised to hear anyone. She crept along the hallway, hoping it wasn’t someone taking advantage of a supposedly empty house. As she got closer, she heard the voices, and recognised one as Dean’s. It was strange that he wasn’t at school, but as Principal, Claire supposed he had some perks to the job.
“The best.”
“I can’t believe such an upstanding member of the community was such a rebellious teenager,” Castiel spoke up. Bobby smirked.
“Who said I was obsessed?”
'Fine, you stay here and-'
“Wanna fool around with you,” he whispered. “Stupid house rules.”
'So what should I do with this baby?'
“Is that okay? We had to give them new bodies, but their souls are the same.” Castiel said. Dean finally broke out of his stupor, stepping forward and pulling his brother into a bone-crunching hug.
“Like you?” Gabriel rolled his eyes, and slung an arm around Castiel. “You need to lighten up, little bro.”
“Dad, can we go now?” Claire raised her voice, trying to shut them up before they declared their undying infatuation in front of the few people left in the building.
“I take it back about nothing breaking,” he sounded amused.
“Whoa, wait, Cas, it’s not like that. If you would just-”
“Claire? I know you were emotional at Moira and Franklin’s house, but why did you tell them you had a girlfriend?”
'Great, the angel thing. You still buy that?'
“Are we nearly there now?” He asked instead.
“Wonder what he wanted.” Meg muttered.
“There’s no one else around here who’s remotely gay. If there’s any girls up there, give them my picture, okay?”
'Remember Cuthbert Sinclair?' Sam asked Dean conversationally. 'That fruit cake?'
“Oh, sorry.” The man cringed, and nodded his head at the woman. “Sometimes I get lost in signing. You’re Dean’s … you know Dean, right?”
“Hey, are you okay?” She asked softly.
'Come on, move, there's going to be more coming soon. We can sleep when we're dead.'
Castiel drifted to the empty spot beside Dean, who took his hand silently. Claire watched, and wondered if anyone would comment. But apparently, Castiel calling Dean ‘the guy’ was enough explanation for everyone.
'You think he knows about the antichrist?' Sam asked, surprise in his voice. 'I didn't think anyone mentioned them around him.'
Dean sat up, pushing Castiel into a kneeling position.
Alex squeezed her hand, but made herself breathe just as Eileen came around the counter with her own purse, pulling her keys out and gesturing to the door. The girls followed her out, their English teacher right behind them, and they climbed into her minivan as Sam called his brother.
That was the point, every time, where Dean would break down into sobs so affected that his entire body shook with the efforts until he finally dozed off. He knew he was pathetic, he knew he was putting too much onto Castiel, and onto Sam who had been forced to adopt the role of taking care of him. Dean knew how low he had sunk, and yet he couldn't pull himself out of the routine, out of the drunken stupor.
"I was safe. I'm here now." I comforted her, hugging her tight with my chin on her head.
"Oh? You want some company?" Sam said starting to get up
"Nine years." The words rolled off my tongue with ease, but the words themselves struck something deep within me
Clicking off the rest of the article my eyes swept down to the second article I'd seen, dread ran through me. Maybe I didn't want to read this article, but it couldn't be that bad. I mean he was always so careful about the people he surrounded himself with, right? What could have been so bad. Clicking on the article my eyes ran over the text. It was so, so much worse.
Getting up off the seat I stretched my arms up, my back cracking from the strain that sleeping on the hard window ledge had put on it. Folding my computer back into its bag I began to make my way out of the apartment, standing in the door frame for a moment just looking at the apartment he and I had both shared on most nights, and now it was just empty of all the love we'd poured into it. There wasn't the warmth and glow it had back when I'd wake up to the smell of burning pancakes and fresh bacon. The amount of times I'd awoken to the fire alarm blaring and Castiel rushing around the kitchen in a panic was uncountable, the memories warmed me just a little.
"Castiel?" My head snapped around to look at the person who'd called my name to see Sam
I've started to edit the first few chapters, I'll be uploading a little bit less because I feel like I'm rushing this story I little bit. But I'm going to try and update at least once a week.
"Yeah yeah just go." Her head was swiveling about, searching for someone or something. But her eyes never seemed to find whatever they were looking for. Until we both saw it, the black car roll up, windows tinted as dark as could be. I swallowed hard knowing who it was already.
In all the years I'd known him he'd hated the beach, hated the sand, the water, the fish, the beach was something he'd never go to alone back in the day. Maybe we'd both changed, but was it for the better? Looking back at the tree's, my mind raced at the possibilities of what could have been. All the moments we could have shared had I not left or he'd have come with me, and suddenly I found my self wishing I'd stayed just a little bit more.
"I slept at my old apartment why?"
look in his eyes was gone as he spoke
"I know, but you didn't even tell us you were leaving. We woke up and you were gone and all we had was a voicemail saying you were going to France." Tears were in her eyes as she pulled me back into a hug "I knew you wanted to leave, but I thought you would at least tell one of us when the day came."
"Mhmm, sure." I gave a nod and glanced up at him, gently running my hands over the keyboard but not typing anything "I'm here until I finish writing, which currently could be forever. How long are you here for?"
"I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were here, I'm just going to go." His voice was sparking something in me that I thought had died a long time ago, Hope.
"I'd still be home so my life wouldn't really be on hold. More like you'd be stuck with me while I become a hermit and write"
"Well, I was wondering if I could sit here" His voice was playful, and I could feel myself melting inside at how much I'd missed this.
”If you really did care for him you wouldn’t have left.”
"I'm not here for him Sam. I haven't seen my family in nine years, mind your business."
"Give him some space would you?" My mom's voice called over the car, though I could hear her laughing. "You're gonna kill him if you hug him any tighter."
"You never tried contacting him though, maybe he thought you hated him." My dad shook his head in disagreement, switching lanes, only half listening to the conversation
My mind wandered to a place I'd never let it go before, What had he been doing since I left. Pulling out my phone I opened google, typing in his name. Instantaneously thousands of articles came rolling in. New books, interviews, book signings, and drama's all surrounding him. But two in particular caught my eye. Opening the first one I read as I walked into my room.
"Oh so now you decide to see them? What about 2 years ago when we were all grieving the loss of YOUR grandmother? Where were you then?" He asked
"Castiel." Charlie deadpanned, walking up to the table, her little notebook open. She glared at him, standing next to my seat.
"Because you're my friend Dean. You worry when people you care about go radio silent and no one knows where they are. What are you here for anyway? Your coffee?"
"Just about everywhere except antarctica."
”I know you’re lying, you know we use to be best friends.” Her words cut deeper than they should have, deeper then I’d expected them to.
”No you weren’t Castiel. You can say you would all you want, but that ‘voice’ or whatever you called it, that you follow like it’s some type of religion, it would’ve told you to do exactly what you’ve done for the last nine years and not come home. Dean would’ve been alone at the end of it all, again. So don’t sit here and tell me I’m wrong when we all know the type of person you are, the person who is too scared to stay.” Charlie slid out of the booth and walked away into the kitchen of the diner.
So I've decided I'm going to try and upload chapters every tuesday, thursday and some sundays. But I do work on tuesadays and thursdays days so I may miss an upload every now and then. Also I'll probably upload this to wattpad once I'm done writing it so yea, that might happen.
I just practically told him I was writing a book about us. I was officially an idiot.
-JmStorm
But my family was already here, the three hour drive would be for nothing if I turned back now. Whatever or whoever waited for me in that town was fate, at least that's what I was telling myself. But now with the memories of his face the night I'd told him I was leaving fresh in my mind, I wasn't so sure I wanted to leave it up to fate to decide. But I had people here who had waited for years for me to come see them, and for as many sleepless nights that his tear stained face had haunted me, I couldn't let them down another year.
The airport seemed more packed than usual for a Sunday morning, though I didn't really mind it. The air was warm against my skin, something I had missed since I'd moved to New York. Even the crowds that swarmed the airport didn't compare to the crowded streets of New York City. But the excitement of being home again was already simmering within me. Even in the couple of months since I'd been home last the weather had changed dramatically from spring rainstorms to blistering heat of summer. I'd missed it here, even the short time I'd been gone felt like a lifetime. Scanning over the airport I just felt calm, lost in the crowd.
I sat on the window sill that Castiel had practically begged me to put in when I’d first gotten the apartment, staring down at the finished chapters. Looking out the window all I saw was empty streets. Maybe I would get to leave a lot sooner then I’d expected, maybe a few weeks from now I’d be back in New York and able to forget that this trip ever happened. Maybe I would be able to forget he ever happened.
"Well you seem excited to get home." My mom jokes turning around in her seat before raising a brow and asking, "What's wrong? You look like you've just seen a ghost."
Taking my things I grabbed my carry on off the ground and started walking, reaching the large window I took a deep breath, my eyes roaming over the busy airport before turning and heading into the baggage claim. My mind racing threw memories of the small town I was heading back to. Memories that had haunted me for the last nine years seemed to echo in my brain, fearful that maybe I would run into him again. Grabbing my bag off the belt I started to walk down the stairs when my eyes caught on a familiar suitcase, the man pulling it along had his back to me but it didn't matter, the fear had already been planted. My hands already shook at the thought that it could be him. The man walked towards the exit of the airport, the same place I was supposed to be heading. Suddenly that fifteen hour flight back didn't sound too bad. Maybe I could come back another year, another season.
"It would make sense, today marks nine years since he left." My mom spoke, reaching back to grab my hand, giving it a soft squeeze. "But why would he come back? I think it'll be okay."
“Charlie, I was going to come back.”
Even if I knew it wasn't him, whoever that was looked so familiar and real. I reached my parents car in record time and practically threw my bags into the car, slamming the door shut behind me.
"You went to the cove?" She cut me off, we'd talked about the cove years ago, but never took her there.
"You're a liar, and a coward." She rose a brow and tilted her head looking at me unbothered.
"When was that? You never mentioned even once trying to call him." My mom said looking at me with concern in her eyes
"A couple days." The
"Thanks" He spoke looking at her.
"I will always interrupt your work, it's in the handbook"
The sound of a branch snapping brought me crashing back into reality as I looked back at the rocks that separated the woods from the shore. There stood a dark figure looking back at me. But for some reason I didn't feel scared. Raising a single arm into the air I waved at the figure. Who began to walk down the rocks and towards me, and once they were close enough to see my face we both froze.
"Why are you here?"
Looking back out over the ocean I took a deep breath before walking up the rocks and towards my house again. Reaching the main road I looked down the street and could see Dean's house, where I'd spent most of my final days here. I wondered if he still had the pitures of us hung up at all the concerts we'd gone to and all the places we'd been.
"He doesn't need your help Castiel."
"Don't you ever leave like that again, do you hear me." She scolded, pulling away from the hug, smacking my arms.
"Wow." She coughed, looking surprised "That- thats a lot of work. I'd have figured you'd be, well I don't know, more torn up about it I guess."
"I know. I should have told you, but I couldn't. You would've tried to stop me."
|Castiel’s POV|
"How long was your trip?" She asked, her eyes flickering from the paper up to me.
"That he was a flight risk waiting to happen and to not get too close, yea dad I know." The tears were coming now in waves, rolling down my cheeks steadily.
As I pulled into my driveway that night, I could feel a shift, like the weight of being back home wasn't crushing me for once. I walked into my room and laid down, falling asleep for the first time in years, without worrying about what tomorrow would bring.
"Thanks" His eyes moved from the steering wheel to me, his eyes narrowed just a bit, and I just knew he was going to try and tell me something but couldn't quite find the right words. "What is it Dean?" I ask, shutting the door and leaning on the still open window's frame. Looking at him quizzically as he bit his lip.
"Ok, ok slow down, I'm going. But you better tell me what's going on later."
sorry for the late update I feel like trash and lost my flow idk how long until the next update. I'm sorry this is so short but I need to get back into the swing of writing.
"I don't know, he just looked so... real."
If this looks weird its because my computer broke so I’m writing this on my phone, also sorry for the short update but the edited first chapter is up :)
"Why? Why not? That was like his spot? You just tagged along, I mean you hate the beach." She rambled "I mean I thought after he left you would forget all about that cove. It was more of his place after all, I mean you weren't exactly the starry night kind of person, that was his thing."
"Yea." I looked out the window and into the darkness, my mind instantly spinning something to do "I think I'm going to go for a walk"
"I- I'll talk to you later yeah?" Turning I felt her hand on my arm loosen and I began to run, not looking back. Why now? Why was every person from my past coming back all at once?
"Huh that must suck for you." And with that she dipped between the doors and back into the kitchen and I sat shaking my head and drinking my coffee.
"Oh... You're writing a love story about your ex, who isn't really your ex." She teased
"And you just had to sit next to one of the people you hurt the most when you left too? Huh, that's funny." She spoke, deadpanning.
The walk to the car wasn't that far, so it wasn't long before we were on the road towards the city that haunted my dreams every night. The radio played softly in the background, a song that was all too familiar, one that brought back the tears.
Standing up I walked out of the diner, I couldn’t stay in for another minute, I was scared of staying because I was scared of judgement. I walked for hours, visiting old shops and talking with old friends. But eventually I started walking towards the beach, walking down the old cracked and uneven sidewalks. The sky was beginning to erupt with colors as the sun set on what was suppose to be my second to last day here, maybe I would push back my flight, there were so many people to visit and talk to that I hadn’t had the chance to yet, but deep down I knew I wanted to stay because it gave me more time to bump into Dean.
“We would be together and have our books and at night be warm in bed together with the windows open and the stars bright.”
"When did you get back?" He asked, a hint of anger leaking into his voice.
"Nine years and you still interrupt everything I'm working on."
"I thought you would've come with everyone"
I stared at the trees that he'd disappeared into, willing him to come back silently. My body felt as though it had been lit on fire, the things I'd been running from had come crashing back into my life and it was my fault. It had been my racing mind that had pulled me out to the beach I thought he'd have forgotten about. I'd figured the one place in the world I wouldn't find him was the beach I'd dragged him to on many sleepless nights, I'd always seen this as more of my place then his. So I'd figured when I left he wouldn't return here out of sheer hatred for me, but he was here.
As the Car stopped in front of the house I felt every ounce of confidence for coming back here I'd built up over the last three hours crumbled away. With everyone standing on the porch staring at the car I felt like a child again, emotions flooded my body. Fear, love, anticipation, excitement. Opening the car door I stepped out into the thick air of the summer, and instantly was met with my entire family trying to hug me all at once.
"Well what is it suppose to be?" She rested her head on her hands looking at me with
|Deans POV|
"Yeah, you're right about that too. Did you hear he's back in town?" I took a sip of my drink watching her eyes widen and she leaned almost across the table.
Walking up the rocks I forced myself to not look back at him, though I could feel his eyes following me. When I reached the top I looked back out over the beach, looking down at him staring up at me and taking a deep breath before walking into the woods. My heart was beating wildly the entire walk back. When I got home the house was dark, everyone had gone to bed. Walking into my bathroom I rinsed my legs before crawling into my bed and laying there for the rest of the night staring up at the ceiling wondering how fate was going to screw me over next.
”I told you, I’m home for a few days and decided to stop in.”
"Yesterday."
sorry
"No. I'll be fine." And he put the car in drive and tore off down the road , driving well over the speed limit.
"No."
"Ok, and?" I asked, motioning him to explain
"Well now I'm not going to tell you." I lifted the coffee mug to my face, drinking the warm liquid while watching Charlie who stuck her tongue out at me and pushed herself back up off the counter.
-Jane Austen
I'd sat there for hours, the embrace of darkness had long engulfed the field, hugging everything in the moonlight. When I looked up there was nothing but silence around me. I just felt so at peace in the moment, so at home, even alone I felt complete here. I finally felt okay for once. Closing my laptop I slid off the hood, and walked around to my door, taking one last deep breath of the fresh air, glancing at a place I'd once hated so much with gratefulness. I'd grown so much since the last time I'd been here. Driving home felt calm, I was at peace for once. Maybe I'd finally get the closure that had been stolen from me all those years ago, maybe I'd forgive myself for not being willing to take a risk, and most of all maybe I'd be ready to move on once and for all.
"Why? What's going on?"
"What's wrong Charlie?"
So this is a little bit shorter but it's finals week so this week is going to be shorter updates probably
"Sam?"
"We both promised that we would always answer when the other called, no matter when or where. And he didn't answer any of the calls. I didn't care if he was coming back, I just wanted to make sure he was okay." The tears welled up in my eyes as I looked at my mom who gave me a soft smile.
"Where else were you?"
"Well hello there." He spoke with a smirk on his face.
He hears the doctor roll his chair a bit to the side, but he’s still behind the curtain between them. “You can talk to me if you want,” the doctor says hesitantly. “I can’t do much about your situation, but I’m a good listener.” Dean wishes he could talk to someone, but he can’t. In a world where Guardians are everywhere, both in obvious black uniforms and hidden amongst the masses as secret police, he can’t trust anyone. After a few moments of silence the doctor sighs and continues. “Okay then. I might as well check to make sure everything is in shape for tonight. This might be a little bit cold, but just relax.”
“And done,” Gabe smirks.
There’s another momentary pause before Svenson speaks again. “It’s a shipyard.” He gives Gabriel the exact address, and Dean copies it down while he’s listening. As he writes it down, Sam puts it into the computer to look up where it is.
“Uh, I think it might be too late for that,” Jessica says quietly, pointing at the TV. Bobby picks up the remote and unmutes it. On the screen is live news coverage from outside the house where the third bomb was detonated. “This is just a local station, but the bigger news outlets caught wind of it, and now it’s everywhere.”
He shifted a little closer to Blue, waiting to see if that was okay. In response, Blue opened up his arm and gently pulled Dean closer to where he could rest his head on Blue’s muscular chest again. Dean hesitantly wrapped the arm that wasn't currently trapped between them around Blue’s waist and pulled himself closer. He felt the older man sigh in contentment, and Dean closed his eyes. As he listened to the steady beating of Blue’s heart, he felt himself drifting off to sleep. He thought he felt a hand gently brush through his hair, but he could’ve been imagining it.
There was a hesitant knock on the door. “Dean?”
“Definitely!” Gabe responded.
Castiel steps into the kitchen then and shoots an indecipherable look towards him. “Good morning,” he says in his gravelly voice. No beta has the right to have a voice that low.
Bobby just raised his eyebrows at him for a second before continuing. “I need you to watch out for him. He’s been through a hell of a trauma, and Gabriel is too personally involved to see things objectively. This girl may only have three days to live, and it’s not your job to judge Novak. I need you to give me an assessment of him, and I need to know you’ll be there to step in if he is unable to perform.”
“The great, green jewel of the Wasteland,” Missouri says as if he should understand what she’s talking about.
As if Cas could read his mind, he said, “Is your headache back? You should take the pills again. You used to take them every morning.”
Wow, I am so sorry it's been so long since I've updated this! I promise I haven't forgotten about this fic. I still have loads of plans for it and ideas of where I want it to go.
“Dean...”
“One Gabriel related to me is enough,” Castiel chuckled, “though I’m sure he’d be flattered.” He leaned in to kiss the smile off of her face, but they were interrupted before things could get too heated by the sound of his cell phone ringing. Amelia sighed because she knew what that meant.
Now that Benny had the target in his sights, he took a deep breath and held the air in his lungs. At this distance, even the slight motion that came from breathing would mess up his shot. They’d already fucked this up once, they couldn't fuck it up twice. He waited for Lucifer to stop moving, and then he squeezed the trigger. With the silencer on the end of the rifle, it hardly made a sound when it was shot. The bullet smashed through the glass of the window across the street and lodged itself directly between Lucifer’s eyes. He fell over, and he was dead before he hit the floor. His body guards scrambled around him, but it was too late.
“Count me in,” Lisa adds.
“No, Castiel,” she sighs. “I’m not
Dean swears Castiel almost rolls his eyes, but he stops it at the last second. “She’ll be fine, Dean.”
After a few minutes of fruitless searching, he decides to give up. He doesn’t want to end up at the end of the line in the cafeteria.
“I want you to get creative,” Gabriel says. “Even if statistically it’s so unlikely that it usually wouldn’t be worth pursuing. Sometimes you have to think of things nobody else thought of.” Sam hates this task. Out of their entire team, he thinks he’s the least suited to work like this. It’s not the way his brain is used to thinking about things. Gabriel must be able to sense his hesitation because he smiles and ruffles his hair the same way Dean does. “I’m counting on you, kid.”
8:00pm
want, and then we’ll get what
“Get out of here.” The man glared at them.
“I’m saying that we need you to take care of yourself so you can take care of us,” Dean spoke slowly to try and calm John down. “We need you to start working for Mr. Novak because we’re running out of money for groceries and other things we need. We can’t ask them for more money when they’re already letting us stay here without paying rent, and he’s giving you a job.”
Dean nodded. “It wasn’t too hard to find once I saw the first white arrow. You probably don’t remember, but you were so out of it that the only directions you gave me were white arrows and green wall.”
“Oh, that’s Brady Johnson,” Castiel said. “He’s completely crazy, but Crowley likes him for some reason. Nobody has seen him since school started, but knowing him, he’s probably going to show up randomly and say he was abducted by aliens or something.” He tapped his lip with his pen thoughtfully. “He’ll go on my list.” He handed Dean the paper with the list of names and their contact information. “Oh, and remember to put ‘Dean Winchester’ and
“The Commander,” Castiel says as if it’s obvious, and Dean supposes it should’ve been. “Tonight, in his office.”
“Sure!” She reached out her hand to take his. He looked up in time to see his friends giving him huge smiles and thumbs ups. He winked at them and walked out of the tent with Anna. He led them over to one of the gazebos. They were far enough away from the main crowd that they’d be able to hear each other talk without having to yell over the music.
“I could try to go find some medicine,” Castiel offered, though he didn't know if there were any shops still open at this time of night. “How long has your head been hurting?”
“If you won’t let me call 9-11, at least let me get my dad,” Castiel grabs on to Dean’s hand and tries to keep Dean’s eyes focused on his own.
“No, I’ll do it myself,” Castiel said. “I’ll remind Luke and Marv and everyone else that I’m not slipping.” He was about to hang up when he realized Crowley was still waiting for him to say something.
“They’re both so young, right?” Dean says quietly.
Castiel looks around to make sure they’re alone. The only other person in the house right now is Benny, and he’s probably up cleaning the Rolstons’ bedroom. “I’m an Alpha,” he says, and Dean has to keep his jaw from dropping. Now it all makes sense. Dean’s body has been reacting so strongly towards Cas because he’s an Alpha and not a beta. He wonders why Cas has been hiding that. Alphas get treated better in this society. Why would anyone want to pretend they’re a lower gender designation?
Tuesday, September 8
Crowley opened the door to reveal a fully stocked bathroom and a bedroom big enough to contain a cooking station and a king sized bed. There was also plenty of room for the two of them to practice fighting if they wanted to. Dean gulped at the thought of sharing the bed with Blue tonight. He’d been doing it for a few weeks, but everything felt different. Now that Dean was aware that his feelings went beyond simple attraction, he was terrified that Blue was going to find out and send him to sleep in the dormitories with the other recruits.
“No, Dean tends to keep her to himself,” Charlie mused. “Maybe he did that in case something like this were to happen.”
They pull up to the Pikes’ house and meet up with the rest of the team in the living room. It looks like they’ve been busy working on setting up the phone where they can take the ransom call in a few minutes. Sam has headphones on. It looks like he’s testing out the sound while Gabriel talks Larry Pike through how it works.
Dean shifted awkwardly from foot to foot while he waited for this Novak guy to decide whether or not he was going to help him. It didn't really matter, because either way, Dean was going to take the car. He would just rather it be a mutual agreement than have to beat this guy up and forcibly take it.
He could feel Dean looking at him intently in the low light from the flashlight, and he did the same. He noticed Dean’s eyes move down to his lips, and he couldn’t hold back any longer. His hands rose up to grab the back of Dean’s neck without his permission, and he pulled Dean towards him. When their lips met, Dean released a breathy sigh before deepening the kiss.
Alistair closes the magazine and slams it onto the desk. “What did you say?” He asks angrily.
They’ve have been going through all of these CDs for over three hours now, and Dean’s head is spinning. Sam is sitting on Svenson’s bed twirling a CD around in his hands while he thinks. He’s able to keep his emotions more in check than Dean is. Sam looks at everything as a puzzle to solve, and he doesn’t get frustrated if he can’t solve it because he knows that eventually he’ll be able to. Dean doesn't think Sam has met a puzzle or problem he hasn't been able to figure out eventually with that gigantic brain of his. Dean, on the other hand, has a very short fuse, so he ran out of his store of patience about an hour ago. Now he’s about a minute away from tearing his hair out.
When she doesn’t answer after a few moments, he risks a glance up to meet her eyes. She looks confused. Then her face hardens. “No, that’s not why you did it, Castiel,” she says harshly. “You like Dean.” Castiel gasps, but she continues, “I’ve been crushing on him for weeks now, and wherever he is, you are. I’ve seen the way you look at him.”
“No worrying about coming across your ex-girlfriend and seeing your friends hanging around her?” Jack zeroed in on something that Claire hadn’t spoken about so far, but something that had hurt a little. After all, Kaia had approached her, Patience had inserted herself into their friendship too. And then as soon as Claire got hurt there was nothing from the girls who had tried to force a friendship with her. But Alex had said that they had visited every day of her suspension … it didn’t seem fair to Claire.
“But not right now?” Dean checked.
Dean had been giving up on the situation with Faith. She was so weakened, that the best she could do was lay her head on his legs as she groaned pitifully. He was positioned uncomfortably in the cramped bathroom, trying to ease his daughter's suffering as much as he could. Dean had taken to stroking her hair, trying to soothe her, but it didn't make much difference. He'd looked down at her as she mewed again.
“Team up with me. Like the old days,” Jody grinned at her. They high-fived and Sam groaned.
'Mmm. Just you and me. But Cas isn't so bad, trust me.' Dean sighed, and stroked her hair gently. 'I'll talk to him, okay? Try and get some sleep. And tell me what was bothering you in the morning.'
“Why do you have to be the one to help? Why did she have to take the others in? Like, I know they’re our brothers and sisters but they’re not really anything to do with her. She didn’t have to adopt them and make you help.”
"I'd like to think my flirting had improved since I was three," he teased, and then turned serious. "Faith, I know this is complicated for you. I know you're not over your last boyfriend, and you think I'm ugly, and you probably think I'm going to end up just like my Dad. And your Dad is probably going to skin me alive for even going there, but, well … if you wanted me back, that would be awesome. But I know last night wasn't … I know we're not going out."
“But then we wouldn’t have met.” Alex pointed out.
“They disappeared a few years ago. Technically, we can’t declare them dead yet, although we’ve been given control of the assets left to us due to some legal loophole. They might come back, I don’t know.”
“I can’t believe you’re going,” Ben told him.
“I’m sorry, Dean. Give me a minute.”
“Is it because I had to rush and we’re late? Because I totally got carried away, I’ve been working on my latest project for about twenty hours straight.”
“It’s not the barbecue, Cas. It just sucks that my mom doesn’t approve and your dad doesn’t seem to like me very much.”
“She’s so full of the warm fuzzies, isn’t she?” Dean grinned at Castiel.
“Be careful!” Dean called over to him. “Some of those rocks can be slippery.”
“Come in!” someone called. Dean did, and scanned the phone around the room, meaning that Castiel couldn’t see his face for a few moments, but got to see another twin bed set up, this time with a couple of reptile tanks in the room, and a miniature version of Dean scribbling furiously into a notebook.
“Yeah, it’s pretty cool up here. So, um, Manny’s agreed to have some of you in his house, Cas and me don’t have the room for everyone. Is that cool?”
He kissed her forehead, and then rejoined his new husband, and Claire sat back down to her cooling eggs.
Hello, Dean. I missed you tonight.
“Like what?”
“So, you must be curious why I’ve tried to arrange a meeting?” Mr Winchester smiled at Claire. She glared back, slouching in her seat. She could feel her father watching her and refused to meet his eye. It would be like agreeing she had done something wrong and for once, she hadn’t.
“I thought tonight … I thought things were going the way I had hoped they would. And then … I don’t know what happened. Someone slipped him something. They must have.”
“No, Claire’s mom and I split about six years ago. Her mom died recently.”
“Actually,” Dean grinned, and Claire slapped a hand over his mouth.
She clutched her chest, bringing her knees up as she tried to process just what had happened. When Dean had warned her she’d have nightmares flipping through his father’s old journals, she hadn’t imagined it would have been that kind of nightmare. But it hadn’t felt like a nightmare. It was wrong, and she didn’t feel that way about her cousin, but at the same time, she had felt kind of good in it. Unlike when she had been dating Alex, she had loved every second of kissing Jack in her dream. They had connected, it felt right.
“Dean, I’ve been with this army for a long time. And you’re an asset to it. But I’m betrothed to a girl in my village, and now is the time to start a family with her. With Andrea.”
“There were things my first boyfriend did - not my brother, an actual person - that I didn’t like. That I do with Cas and it’s amazing. But Cas gets jealous.”
. Surely there’s a niche in the market for manga, right?”
He could feel Dean’s gaze burning into him, trying to read his body language, and he looked at the beer bottle more resolutely than before. This was, perhaps, the closest he had come to admitting his feelings to Dean. Feelings that had never stopped being scary, and intense, and hard to place when he first acknowledged them. As an angel, he wasn’t meant to covet humans. And yet, as an angel, he wasn’t meant to ignore direct commands or rebel against his superiors, he wasn’t meant to side with man over his brothers. Maybe coveting Dean was par for the course.
“Me too. I wish I could have just had what Dad was asking for, seeing him regularly, having my mom alive now.”
All too soon the plane was landing, and Dean followed the other passengers off the plane without paying much mind to what he was doing. He nearly walked past Sam and Sam’s girlfriend. He shook his head to rouse himself.
“Save it.”
“Is that one of your competition, Brother?” Benny’s southern drawl carried across the room. There were a few footsteps scuffing the polished floor, and Castiel could sense them both standing there, mere feet behind him.
“It’s okay that I said that, right?” Dean asked.
Dean hadn’t been so drunk the night before that he couldn’t remember anything, but he had definitely been drunk enough to make some questionable decisions, decisions that came back to him as his sleep ebbed away.
'Like, how super?' Faith asked, finally giving Castiel some attention. Castiel looked at her, and hesitated.
'Sam Winchester, the great hunter, the incessant demon blood drinker, the great vessel of satan! It all means nothing. You're just a man.'
“Led Zeppelin. It’s an experience, according to the advertisements.” Castiel answered primly. “I know they’re one of your favourite bands, and well, I’ve heard there’s nothing like a live show.”
“Claire! You looked so beautiful yesterday. You probably don’t remember me? Kelly Kline?”
Gabriel’s smirk grew, and Faith turned to her mother slowly. Castiel was looking at her steadily, finally a part of this conversation.
Dean carried on guiding him along with a hand on the small of his back as they made their way into the auction room, and started looking at the items on offer. Dean was whispering in his ear the whole time, making him laugh even more.
'There's not another message from your boss, is there?'
The rumours dogged Claire all day, growing worse and worse in intensity. She withdrew again, glaring at everyone except Alex who acted like her protector throughout the hallways, throwing old rumours back in other people’s faces. Claire soon learned who had peed themselves in gym last year and who still slept with a blanket, who had shoplifted and who kept pictures of Mr Fitzgerald in her locker. It was like a snowball, however, and she could feel people whispering about how she had boned the principal in the graveyard behind her.
“Well, you did only look for a two bed apartment while you were waiting for me. We’ve gotten bigger since then.”
“I hope you’re around next time I have to see them. I think they’d love you.”
“The-the price was my life.”
“Come on.” He grabbed her hand and pulled her up. “See you soon, Uncle Cas.”
“Can you try and do it out loud if we’re around? It was kind of freaky, how quiet you were.”
“Yes, I know. You were talking about my face in the casino.”
“I’m sorry, Dad. I couldn’t say anything.”
“Of course. You’re my favourite person.”
The night passed quickly, and all too soon they were putting their tunics back on, and joining the rest of the band on the outskirts of Thebes, on the outside of the huge wall that ringed the city. There, they found their leaders looking anxious and talking urgently with one another. Dean’s urge for combat started to rise.
Castiel had forgotten that confession. And Dean seemed to be forgetting how Castiel was, how bad his anxiety could get. There was no way, absolutely no way he could have asked Dean out. Dean had made it so difficult too, spending most of his time eyeballing his lunch. But saying that would have been too defensive, would have resulted in an argument that Castiel didn’t want to be responsible for. He tried to explain how he had been feeling.
Seeing her father and new stepfather so happy in another place was upsetting in a way she wouldn’t have felt when she first moved to town. She missed them both, missed the barbs she shared with Dean, the love that Castiel bestowed on her so easily. Watching Jack and his mother made that feeling worse. Aunt Kelly was like another version of Jack, so patient and kind that Claire felt more out of place than she ever had before.
“Yeah?” Jack’s tone was cautious. “Do I have to check she’s good enough for my cousin?”
I thought I would end this one slightly differently to Dean's story, as Castiel had other things going on.
It's funny, when I started writing this version I thought I maybe had a little social anxiety, but as I've gone on, and with some other things happening in my real life, I've felt more and more like maybe I put myself into Castiel's situation. Not that I was relating to him or that I was doing a Mary-Sue, but more that I realised through everything that I can be pretty bad sometimes. I've just learned to hide it, or conquer it a little more, I guess. It's kind of cool to learn something about yourself through writing :)
Gabriel shook his head, swirling his sucker around his mouth.
Dean was smart enough to realise exactly what Castiel was hinting at, as crudely as he had done it.
Michael again didn’t berate him, although Castiel knew he thought it was an incredibly stupid thing to do. Of course it was an incredibly stupid thing to do, a pre-nup would have protected both himself and Meg. And here he was after a month of a sham marriage and completely broke without a leg to stand on.
“Alex,” Castiel repeated. “Did you not want her to stay over last night? Dean was saying what cool parents we were, letting your girlfriend stay with you.”
Dean had kept an eye on Faith whenever possible as they hiked. Or at least, how close Junior was walking beside her. Close enough to touch. As much as he liked Garth, he didn't like the idea of his son hitting on Faith.
“Please.”
“Wait, so because some schmuck thinks that Dean giving you a ride means you’re with him, you’ve been suspended while they try and work out if it’s true or not?”
Castiel didn’t know what to say. Dean seemed speechless also.
“You don’t have to put pressure on yourself, Claire. Or on her. If it’s meant to happen, it will. And if you want tomorrow off, I’ll call the school in the morning.”
'Is he … is he … okay?' Garth gasped out, grabbing his son's head. Faith looked down at her hands on the baby bump, rather than have to look at Garth. She felt so ashamed of herself.
“Rejection is halfway?”
“Wait, I mean, my mom reads those books. She says they’re better than Mills and Boone. Charlie read one out to us once, it was like horror porn.”
“You’ve still got the kids,” Claire pointed out. The girl leaned into the crook of Alex’s neck shyly, and they both looked down at Kieran, who had emptied out an entire shelf.
'So far as I know Ben, you aren't my kid. Lisa swore blind that it was some other guy. Don't blame me for being deadbeat. If I'd known, if there was any way I could've found out, don't you think I would've tried for you?'
'She'll be ready tomorrow. But let us tell her, please.'
“I am here to see Sam.” He broke their silence.
'Hey Princess, good sleep?'
“Ohhhhhh. Good luck.”
Castiel and Kevin walked slowly back to the garage, discussing the plan for the evening.
“No. I’m not. Was I surprised when you said you had married a stranger? Of course I was. But I appreciate that you’re both putting the effort in to making it work. Maybe you should let me talk instead of making all these defensive accusations.”
'He's not been in touch with Faith.'
“Sure.”
That night, after Dean had pointed Charlie, Dax and Faith into their own rooms and gone to bed himself - fairly sober, for once - Dean was woken by a sudden weight pressing on his side, and a hand clasped over his mouth.
“Are you trying to say I’ve done something?” Jack still sounded pleasant, but like he didn’t appreciate the insinuation. Even if it was accurate. The door swung open again before Alex could dig deeper.
“Cas, you had a kid with someone else,” Dean rolled his eyes. “And I love that kid.”
And then breakfast was done, and it was time to pack up the Impala with all of Dean’s belongings. Castiel helped with moving the boxes of CDs and car accessories that he owned, and the bags of clothes that would be coming with them. As they were arranging the last of Dean’s possessions in the car, he felt a tug on his shirt. He turned and saw Charlie standing with her arms folded, chewing on her lip.
“Hell yeah,” Dean grinned, and turned around in his seat. “Are you cool with that, Clarabel?”
“So we call me giving you a Grace and making you once again equal with my little bro a truce, hmmm? And obviously there’s no way you’d harm my baby brother, but every other angel’s pretty much fair game. I mean, you’d have to have a good reason for smiting the crap out of anyone, but I’m going to pretend that you’d be acting for the good of the world.”
Castiel’s heart skipped a beat, and he looked down at those wonderful lips. Did Dean remember? Castiel hadn’t mentioned it, the only other person who knew was … Michael. He looked up into Dean’s eyes, his favourite eyes, and tried to read the truth in them. Had Michael blabbed to Dean about kissing in the hallway? Did they have a deal about it? It was so hard to understand what was happening between them when there was the continuing possibility that Michael was interfering. He reached up to the control panel above them and pressed the button to raise the partition, blocking Kevin from the conversation. As much as he liked Kevin, he did not want his driver to see him fall apart, if that was about to happen. Kevin had already seen enough of Castiel’s panic attacks. And then he tried to give Dean an answer, one that was honest, but couldn’t be fed back to Michael if he was controlling this relationship.
'Cas, you just said-' Dean growled. Castiel placed a hand on his arm.
“What makes you think I grew up influenced by pederastry?” Castiel deflected.
Kaia and Alex looked. Patience was once again staring straight in front of herself, apparently not taking any of their conversation in, her facial expression worried, her breathing almost silent.
‘Not this time, you got it all.’
How could he be so friendly with monsters? Faith was starting to wonder if maybe Dax was right, and she really didn't know Dean and Castiel - and Sam - as well as she had imagined. Maybe she was just clinging to the idea of having her family back that she didn't give any thought to what that could really mean. She wanted to pick Gabriel's brain about it, but Junior was sticking ridiculously close to the two of them.
'I was just thinking, you know, maybe that'll help the baby.'
He wasn’t meant to call it a date, not out loud. But the million dollar mark seemed to have a different effect on Dean. He took a step back, and gave another snort of disbelief.
“Cool. I’d better do some of my college work too.”
“Michael, why do I have an email stating that my deal with officials in Cambodia is no longer going through?”
“She doesn’t want to see me again.”
, you don’t have to be seven to work out Dean was going to move out when we’re banned from tongue kissing in this place.”
Alex was sitting on the porch steps when the Impala pulled up after the wedding errands. At the venue, they had sampled the food on offer for the menu, and Dean and Claire almost turned it into an eating competition. She was stuffed with good food, and despite Dean breaking his promise several times to mention how excited Castiel made him, they’d had some decent conversation too. But pulling up and seeing Alex watch the car slide into its spot made her stomach churn and her heart plummet. Even if she knew it was the right thing to do, it wasn’t going to be easy.
'Wait, Faith,' Dean sounded breathless, and he realised that even though he'd stopped Castiel, he was still standing to attention. He grabbed a nearby shirt and held it in place to make it easier for Faith to talk to him without feeling uncomfortable. 'Did you want to ask something?'
'Yeah, well, God's a dick. It's probably some stupid symbol, like of course our kid can't survive having an angel baby, she shouldn't be here in the first place and angels can save their damn selves.'
The possible kiss had actually wiped that from Claire’s mind.
'Can we leave New York now?' Dax asked under his breath, crossing his arms across his skinny chest. 'I hate being here.'
“Thank you,” he nodded once, and left. Claire looked down at the heavy box in her hands, and wondered if the weight was from the paper, or the emotion loaded onto the pages.
'It's uncanny,' Garth muttered to Gabriel.
“So what’s the problem?” Alex asked. “Just how loud they were? It did sound like torture.”
“He said he didn’t want a bachelor party.”
“It’s different. Not metal. I like different.”
“I don’t hate you.”
“I’ll kiss Cas when I see him.”
“Kids your age have committed mass murder. Kids younger than you have slaughtered adults.”
“And then we fly back home.”
Dean shrugged.
'What would you have done if she had made a deal?' Sam sounded curious.
'Dean, don't speak ill of my father.'
“Hey, how’s she doing?” Jack’s voice was cautious, but still had that happy undertone to it.
“What do you think she would think of this place?” Claire asked him now. “Of living in the cemetery?”
It truly hadn’t been, except for Dean’s presence. Dean holding him …
“I’m proud of you.”
Dean took his hand, and raised it to his mouth, kissing his knuckles, a silent agreement to Castiel’s request.
Dean was perfection. Absolute perfection. The suit skimmed his frame and accented his chest. The tie he was wearing matched the deep green of his eyes perfectly. And Castiel hadn’t thought he would be able to manipulate his hair at all, but he was wrong. Dean had a side parting, sharp and straight along to his crown and somehow - impossible though it might seem - it just enhanced all his good looks. Castiel’s mouth was watering, and he forced himself not to show how desperate he was for the artist in front of him.
“So, are you moving out? Is he moving in? What happens next, Dean?”
He hung up, and Claire turned back to sorting through her clothes. Castiel didn’t come into her room however, not until she had crawled into bed and was heading off to sleep.
Castiel was glued to his cell phone. Dean kept up a barrage of texts, all of them adorable, and Castiel could feel the excitement thrumming through his body that he normally felt around Dean. He couldn’t believe there were two more days until the next function, two more long days until he saw the most beautiful man on the planet again.
So, Dean was still as abrasive as last time. Castiel wanted to pull away, leave the conversation right then, but he almost couldn’t help himself. Dean still smelled incredible, still calmed that anxious fluttering in his stomach. Castiel was greedy for the man he had fallen in love with, not this coarse stranger. He couldn’t picture it either, Dean had hated Balthazar, seemed reticent about Gabriel, called Lucifer a dick and had been sucking up to Michael for months.
“Wow, dinner!” He beamed at her.
“Well, my Emma’s already grabbed him and shoved me out of the way, so you might as well stay. Keep me company. Especially because I think Donna and Jody are going to harass me all night. When they’re done with karaoke.”
“You’re taking this well,” Castiel whispered.
“Tell me about it,” Claire rolled her eyes. Castiel cleared his throat.
“What’s happened with your art collection?” He wanted to know.
'And you?' Dean shot out as soon as Dax finished speaking, his stare making it clear he wanted Faith's story more. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Dax frowning, a little put out, but Dean didn't care. He wanted her story, he wanted to hear exactly what happened to Siobhan, but Faith shrugged.
Cas hugged Claire from behind, wrapping her completely between the two of them. A moment later, Jack, Sam, and Eileen piled on as well, and Claire found herself at the centre of a group hug, her face inches from Jack’s. He was smiling placidly, and she looked away, burying her face in Dean’s shoulder before she did something stupid due to the sappiness.
“Yes.” Castiel nodded behind Dean, and he turned to see eleven musicians on clarinets, flutes, recorders and panpipes. “I’m trying to think of other ways to match this song after you said not to take it literally.”
It had been a moment, or a thousand years, before Faith was aware of anything again. The glare of white became easier to bear, and she was able to pick certain details out. Like her mother, within reach, looking around with a frown on his face. And Junior beside her, looking around himself. Further away, in the expanse of white that seemed to have no real definition, she could make out a hazy shape that separated as it came closer. She made out her father first, squinting as he approached, then Sam, and Gabriel, and finally Garth, who ran forward and embraced Junior. The sound of their bodies colliding broke the spell that seemed to have been cast on them all, and Dean spoke up as he reached Castiel and Faith.
Castiel looked up at Dean, who was bringing a stack of pancakes over to the table. They made eye contact, and Dean shrugged.
“You kissed her,” Castiel noted.
“They’re identical!”
“Dean?”
Sam and Castiel exchanged another look, as though they were debating how serious Max was, and then, finally, Castiel unsheathed his angel blade. Max simply sat there, eyeing the blade carefully, making no move to defend herself.
“So you approve of the intercourse?”
Around seven o’clock that night, Castiel materialised, and took Dean by the wrist.
“You know, Dean, I’m not sad about losing the help. I’m going to miss you. My baby boy. It’s been us as a team for so long.” The first tears began to fall, and she swiped furiously at her eyes. “I’m not ready to do this again.”
“Are you in?” He grouched. The stranger flipped a chip forward, and raised his eyebrows at Castiel, who pushed a few chips across the table.
“Loving”
“You don’t sleep much,” Kaia observed. “Last in, first out.”
“Okay. And promise me you won’t tell Dean? I don’t want him to make them take me back. They’ll be even worse than they are right now.”
'Maybe, but doesn't everyone have problems with their parents when they're teenagers?'
'Even when you go off to hunt the antichrists?'
Castiel was in a major meltdown. He had no idea how he had ended up standing at an altar waiting for his bride, Lucifer beside him holding the rings. He’d been on autopilot since he’d been stopped from running after Dean.
“Why not?” Claire spoke with her mouth full of taco.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You simply must tell me everything! How did he propose?”
'With the things I had to remind her of, the things I had to tell her. She has a purpose, Dean.'
'Yes. For now, there's nowhere else I need to be.'
“Girls! Hey! Is Alex staying for dinner?”
“I miss it too.”
'I will when I can, Dean,' Castiel promised between kisses, working his way across Dean's chest. 'But I have to kill the antichrist. It has to be me.'
“I could make next year pretty special for you too,” Dean smirked.
'We are in the most densely populated city in the United States, and we are looking for one person in amongst over eight million. I'd say our options are limited at best.'
Alex beamed, and Claire did too. Of course she wanted to see her best friend get adopted, Jody meant as much to Alex as Castiel did to Claire.
'Yep. Took me ages to listen to you talking, but Cas was always listening in. Sam got there before me.'
"Faith?"
“Are you sure?” Meg squeezed his arm.
She said nothing, but stretched her legs out in front of her body, and looked at her toes. There was that feeling again, that the entire universe was nudging her towards the werewolf she had been travelling with, and she felt powerless to resist it.
“When will we? I think we need to.” Alex defended herself. Claire met her eye. She heard the change in tone that implied that maybe, just maybe, Alex was starting to accept they were over.
Dean gave it a few more seconds before he tugged Castiel closer, kissing him with a moan as they pressed against each other, Dean’s body warm and slippery and glorious against his own, his mouth less urgent than their last kiss, more tentative, lingering and slow and delicious. Castiel kissed over his face, and returned to his lips, running his hand over Dean’s back, his heart thrumming so fast it caught Castiel’s breath. Dean still had one arm around his back, and he was cupping Castiel’s face with his other hand, keeping them together, locking them into yet another kiss that Castiel never wanted to leave. But this time it wasn’t out of desperation, and more because he had missed Dean so much, had thought this would never happen again, and wanted to relish every moment.
“We’re not all sluts,” Castiel teased. “Dean, whatever you want to do with me is fine. Experience or not, I do want that connection with you.”
“We don’t do this,” she tried to remind him. “We do sarcastic banter.”
“I guess … I just,” Alex sucked in a deep breath, and slumped slightly. “Look, until you came along, Claire, I wasn’t doing great myself. I was weird, you know? Nerdy in class, somehow a cheerleader, but not really sociable. My past is a bigger mess than yours. You’re not the only one screwing up.” She tilted her head back, looking at the inside of the gazebo roof, and Claire watched her, waiting and feeling like this was a part of relationships that no one ever spoke about. It was a minefield, and one that before she met Alex she would have gladly steered away from, but now felt like she couldn’t move, because if she did she would lose something so important.
Would it really have been possible, the first day they officially met, for Castiel to have explained who he was and how he knew about Dean? Would be have been able to ask Dean out? He had come a long way in the last few months, and he was back in therapy, but that first day with Dean it had been too hard. The artist had been too brittle, Castiel himself was too anxious and stressed out. And it had set the tone, Castiel hadn’t known Dean was interested until Amara’s birthday. As much as he needed to make amends, Dean needed to be more open as well, or else they would have no chance. Castiel had the sense that he’d already been given his answer, and it wasn’t a good one. Dean was already over him.
“Hey, Mr Novak.”
“Sure,” Jack smiled over the top of his cards.
It had been two weeks since Castiel had visited Dean at his home in Kansas. They had called every day, although Dean was perpetually interrupted by his siblings and they couldn’t grab more than a few minutes talking at a time. Castiel’s evenings felt lonely without Dean there, especially after they hung up on each other. His Persian cat, Daphne, would curl up on his lap and he would have a glass of wine while watching television, reading a book or talking with Emmanuel. But it didn’t compare to having Dean there.
Sorry that this one's so short!
“What’s your name, soldier?” He demanded.
He knew Dean was busy, knew how he got about his projects. He knew as well, that Sam and Charlie were important to their big brother and he would drop most things in a heartbeat for them, no matter how much he might complain. But to not hear anything after they had slept together, been intimate with each other, it was wrong, wasn’t it?
He was slight compared to the others. His olive skin was at odds with startlingly bright blue eyes, the likes of which Dean had never seen before. He held himself upright, tense, as though he was trying to seem as big as all these other men. There was something in his eagerness that piqued Dean’s interest. He stepped up to fit his armour, and Dean did the same, grateful that none of the other men did so. In fact, they were all laughing at the man, who didn’t quite fill out the bronze chest plate. He held the sword clumsily as he stepped awkwardly into the circle. Dean stood, prepared, and tried to get a read on this man. He didn’t move.
“Then our comrade had a point - why would I want to be paired with a man who cares deeply, who comes from others who also care deeply? Why would I entrust my life to a man like that?” His smile grew. “Why would I trust anyone else? Why would I opt for a man who wouldn’t read the air between two men and realise their endeavour was hopeless? May I lay with you tonight?”
'Because it took me this long to work out what you were, why you were so interested in me. I thought you were my father, come back for me. But you're not. He's an angel. You're a human, but you seem to know more than most. Hunter, am I right?'
'Anything you want, kid.'
Faith didn't go back to her parents right away. Instead, she went charging out in the opposite direction to the kitchen, and found herself in the cavernous garage, filled with motorbikes and vintage cars. She spread her wings and took off up to the ceiling, flying in circles, trying to think, calling Gabriel every abusive name she could think of mentally.
“I think I want Cas happy. If that means no Grace, then no Grace.”
“What?”
Faith had waved to Castiel, who was climbing out of the blankets, her eyes widening as her words faltered, which happened when she realised that Dean's booty call was another man.
'I don't see her,' Castiel finally admitted, sounding defeated.
“We were never on to begin with, lets face it.”
“You’re going to remove Castiel’s Grace again,” Dean cut to the chase, sitting forward in the cushion. “He wants to be human.”
“Since you got married five minutes ago?” Mary scoffed.
“Good to know. This weekend, the three of us will go party. Novak style.”
“That’s exactly it,” Jack nodded.
Dean got off the bed, and headed for the door again, and Castiel realised he was leaving, and knew that he had to speak up, keep him there for longer.
Claire stood up, pretending not to see as Kieran went right ahead and pulled the book out and onto the floor anyway. She smiled at her girlfriend.
Claire and Alex burst into laughter.
“Nope. Charlie prefers the creek. Adam has gaming buddies but doesn’t have a girlfriend so far as I know. Alfie sticks to the rules. Claire’s our best bet. Or-” Dean closed his eyes as though he could shut the thought out. “They’ve all been shoved out the house and Mary’s teacher’s over.”
Claire looked at Dean, who shrugged.
'It's different this time, Dean. And do I have to remind you about the mark?'
“Ah. Well, we could have some fun tonight? Sober fun. Loudly explain to me which fork to use when.”
“Dean,” Castiel admonished him purely by tone of voice. “Be a little more sensitive about it, maybe?”
“Cas?” Dean loosened his hold on his angel, trying to look at him, make some eye contact, find the truth out that way. But Castiel clung on to him, as though he knew that once this conversation was done, they were over. Dean couldn’t imagine what Castiel could possibly say to make him leave now.
“And maybe you’re right. I didn’t exactly want to hang out with Kaia and Patience in the first place, but then I got to know them and I thought we were friends. It sucks that they haven’t even texted to say hi or check how I am.”
“She’s at Manny’s house. He looks after her for me sometimes, she knows him.”
Inside the barn, Faith had barely made it five paces before she nearly tripped over a dead body. The stench of the room was insane, rotting flesh, rust, old blood mixed with used hay, and general decay. She stepped lightly over the body, recognising the victim as the first person Krissy had tapped for this case. Mr Hitchcock, middle-aged, balding, pot-bellied, bulbous nose. She crept further into the barn, and climbed a hay stack without putting a strand out of place as she followed the faint sound of something mewing in pain.
“Anytime after school and before bedtime,” Dean agreed. Ben hugged him again, and then joined Charlie as Claire stepped up, smirking.
(See the end of the chapter for
'She's so much like Dean.'
'Yeah well, you've had them on lock down for years. They hurt the first time they showed up too. Cas did something to take the pain away last time.'
He was broader than Dean. Heavier. Someone who would rely on his weight to win the contest but perhaps not have the dexterity or energy that Dean would be able to invest in making a match he wanted. Dean was not going to lose Castiel to anyone.
“Except when I try to kiss you.” Alex said flatly.
His mother stepped up to them, and gave him a small kiss on his cheek.
“Um, I need some help.”
'So, Cas is Faith's mom?' Dax double-checked. Sam smiled, and handed him another picture.
Sam had stopped walking, Eileen looking up at him with her expression full of worry. Though she hadn’t heard the words, she would have felt Sam speaking, would have acknowledged every movement he made. Claire stopped a few steps in front, turning around slowly.
“Castiel chose it. He must have spent hours preparing a speech, nearly caught me out completely. He was talking about ancient names and new variations and the importance of meaning and he liked the flow of Siobhan. I kind of agreed for a quiet life, so long as you got my mom’s name too.”
'And how comes it's okay for Faith to be a hunter? She's not even eighteen yet!'
'Dad?' Faith asked around her third sandwich, which she was chewing furiously. 'Maybe it won't be so bad? I mean, I'm not looking forward to the idea of it, but Gabe's happy about this, and Mom supports it. Maybe I'll get a good one. Maybe I'll build an ark. I'll even take you and Uncle Sam on it.'
Dean nodded, biting his smile back once more, and Claire ran down the stairs, and into the bookstore. Castiel was just serving a coffee to a customer clutching their new purchase, and Claire slid behind the till. She caught her father’s eye and once the customer was settled in the seating area to read their new book, he came up to her.
She grinned at him.
“What are you two talking about?” Alfie asked.
'Dad? Can I go flying? She asked breathlessly. Dean turned away from the stove.
'I just do.'
'Adam?' Faith asked, perlexed.
“I like this one.” He said. Dean spoke around a half-chewed mouthful.
They watched as she bristled, and stormed out of the room. There was a slow murmur of chatter which Castiel only just noticed had been missing.
“Claire, Cas. Cas, Claire.”
Castiel shook his head.
'You'd be surprised. Dean calls it one-stop shopping.'
“I mean it. You were my little man growing up, and when you got that apartment it wasn’t so far away and now you’re going to be halfway across the country. I’ve loved having you back home.”
“She’ll be okay, Cas. I think she’d speak up if she wasn’t happy. And it sounds like Alex is respecting her boundaries. Even if they’re not as limiting as maybe she thought they would be.”
“Cassie, no!” Balthazar-or-Gabe protested. “We’ll be good around your precious teenager. Remember the scavenger hunts we used to do?”
Dean just glared at Sam for a moment, as Sam rubbed his palms along his thighs, and looked over at Faith.
“I’m okay with you being gay, Dad,” Claire said quietly. “Just not how you handled things with Mom.”
“Back off, fake dad.”
“I’ll use tongue when I kiss him good night.”
“My time.”
'Wow, clearing up after a party?' He commented. Charlie hesitated for a moment.
Castiel didn’t smile.
“It’s just the start, right?”
'Like I'd tell you that, you slimy SOB. Why're you working a job anyway? I thought you were becoming the next Salinger or something.'
“Hey, just get up?”
Is that an issue?
Dean looked around the room with an impressed look on his face. Castiel had his arms wrapped around his chest tightly, shoulders hunched, as though he was ashamed that someone might see his newly given Grace, his eyes glued to his fiancé.
Castiel looked across at Dean, who smirked back, the pencil relaxed in his hand.
“So, we’re over.” She muttered. Yes, she had already decided on Junior, for so many reasons, but she had hoped that maybe there would be some friendliness remaining between them. It was clear that Dax didn’t even want that.
Claire raised her chin in a perfect mimic of her father and kept it there until Alex had stormed back out. As soon as the door downstairs slammed, she sagged against Jack, who put a cautious arm around her.
As Dean stepped back into the kitchen, Castiel bent closer to Claire.
Castiel stepped forward, grasping Sam's shoulder, both of them disappearing from the bunker.
Dean lay happily on the bathroom floor, on top of a fluffy rug that Sam had installed some time, Castiel stretched across his chest, both of them sweaty and exhausted, and very naked.
“Hey, wait until you meet my family,” Dean smirked. “You’ll think Manny is a regular guy.”
He let go of her hand, and placed his arms around her instead. She hugged him back quickly, before carrying on walking, before their fathers or Gabriel could freak out, but carried on talking, so Junior knew it was okay.
'Like Cas playing God.'
“Good.”
Claire looked her father in the eye, and he gave a one-shouldered shrug.
“Yes, of course.”
Claire shrugged, and he gave her a gentle smile.
'What if this Castiel is your mom?'
“There were a few other guys I was interested in. Bartholemew, Uriel, Brady, but Meg always found some dirt on them, or they thought I wasn’t interested because of her. What about you?”
Dean started laughing, his body shaking and doing interesting things to Castiel’s own body.
'Nothing solid.' Faith's voice shook. Dean and Castiel realised at the same time that she was crying.
He was officially horrible at meeting family members. The man, who Castiel was positive must be Sam, didn’t seem to appreciate his answer.
“It has. And you’re correct, those were the terms of service in the sacred band. But I am hoping you would wish to stay here with me.”
'Are you going to tell him?'
Faith's eyes swept up, to where Dax was looking at her, pleading with her.
“Castiel, breaker-breaker, one-two-one-two, come in, come in, do you read me?”
“You said wait by it.”
“You flirt,” Claire teased.
“I’m the best friend.”
“Oh, he’s just dandy, I’m sure.” Charlie snapped, as Sam materialised at her side, looking between the three of them with a passive expression. Charlie turned to him. “Sam, guess what? Castiel was paying Dean for all those dates. It was all fake.”
Castiel smiled. If Dean was making jokes, that meant that he was comfortable, at least. Castiel wanted to keep that going.
“She’s still our granddaughter,” Gampa spat back. Castiel gave her shoulder a brief squeeze.
Eventually, just before nightfall, the leader of the Argives called a truce with the Theban commander-in-chief. He promised to call off the attack, and called for his men to attend to the wounded members of their ranks. The three men who had been battling Dean and Castiel with their swords moved off, as though they hadn’t just been fighting for their lives, and Dean stepped closer to his lover. Castiel was breathing heavily, but smiled widely through his helmet. Dean didn’t have the energy to smile, but the adrenaline still coursed through his veins, mingled with bloodlust. He wanted to finish off the three soldiers they had been battling, to complete the task he felt they had undertaken.
Eros: Love-Life In Ancient Greece, Mediterraneo edition, Text by Stella Kalogeraki (Archeologist)
The car stopped, and Castiel made himself pull away from Dean, though he didn’t want to.
“You’re positive, Castiel?”
“Are you okay?”
“Did Dean give head too well?”
“The pregnancy test said … we took a couple,” she seemed bashful, obviously afraid of how they were going to react.
“We’re not talking about me and Dean, we were talking about you and Alex.”
They filed in with everyone else, and although Castiel wanted to head to the front of the hall, Dean pulled him towards the back.
Castiel looked away from his brother.
“So, what did Dean have to do tonight?”
Dean didn’t reply. He had that same dazed look on his face that he had the first time they had kissed. He followed Castiel out of the car, and Castiel took his hand once again.
“I can’t believe you’re marrying Cas again!” She beamed, and looked at the man standing at the top of the porch, waving enthusiastically at him.
“No. Michael looked into it, our now-ex head of housekeeping was effectively Luke’s drug mule. Michael’s lawyers found a paper trail, the bottle was in his quarters, opened and used. He claimed he had insomnia and knew it was a strong, short-term use drug.”
“Do you think I’m not very open with you?”
It took Sam a moment of silently moving his lips, as the music grew louder.
'I think you know, Dexter Bellafontane.'
‘Cassie? You might want to check your face in the mirror. You got something on your cheek.’
'I gotta go, Faith's coming over.'
“What about Jesus?” Dean snorted with laughter. “Or, if not, a unisex name. Like Sam.”
“Oh, this is total BULLSHIT!” Claire let loose. Several people in the crowd jumped, and glanced at her, then looked away quickly as though they realised the situation that was brewing. She could hear the whispers starting. “What proof? What could they possibly prove?”
“You’re dating my English teacher. My dad’s dating the principal. You think I get to shirk homework?”
“Uncle, please get my father to let me see my eromenos, maybe the ones in Thebes?” Dionysus mocked.
Claire bit into her hotdog and bobbed her head in a non-committal way. She had enjoyed herself, despite everything, but reminding her of how fragile their relationship was left a bitter taste in her mouth.
“It’s okay, Dean. Zachariah came here once, confronted me about Adam. I know you know. I’d love to be at your wedding, kid.”
“Of course not. Gabriel, would you mind introducing me to your goats?”
“It was cool to see your reactions to the songs. Like hearing them for the first time again, you know? Hey, is Claire still up?”
Krissy gave a short nod, and turned her attention back to Faith.
They embraced, and Chuck disappeared, just as Dean threaded his way back through the crowds and grabbed his daughter’s wrist.
“Not much, we watched some of those Harry Potter movies. Claire had to explain a lot. I still don’t understand Quidditch. I liked the time turner concept though.”
'She's pure.' Castiel nodded at Dean. 'You can stop imagining ways to torture Dax.'
"If that's what you want, Dean. It's nice to see you happy."
'I heard about the skin walker thing. I know you were just prioritising.' Krissy smiled kindly, and squeezed Faith's arm gently. Faith smiled back at her.
“This has been the best night.”
'Are we having a cheesy family moment?' Faith asked, and Dean smirked, before fishing his phone out of his pocket.
'I'll miss you too,' Castiel reassured her, resting his forehead against Dean's.
“See you,” Claire barely raised her voice. She felt a squeeze on her arm, and listened as Dean and Alex left. She looked up and saw her father watching her carefully.
Dean? Are you still there?
'Sorry, Dax, I didn't mean … I mean, our Mom died too. I never even knew her.'
“Yes, she is. She’s the one who put her feelings out there, and realised that maybe she read the situation wrong. I suppose she’s second-guessing everything the two of you say to each other. Give it time. You might work out how you feel too.”
Castiel’s mouth dropped open, but he didn’t seem able to respond. His lower lip quivered, and the tears filled his eyes. Claire stood up, and dusted herself off before hugging him tight around the waist.
'Where are we even going?' Dax asked eventually.
'Yeah. Hey.'
"What? No. They say if your eyes don't match, it's because you can see Heaven and Earth at the same time. Well, they said that about dogs, but I don't see the difference."
“I was reading that!” Castiel protested, trying to ignore their typical sex-fuelled jibes.
Dean tucked his head down and tore a strip of meat in his teeth, feeling his cheeks flame. The compliments from the general he could take with a pinch of salt, but from Castiel it was like flirting, and Dean had the urge to take him to their bed and show him with his body how those words made him feel.
“Me too.” Emmanuel nodded. “Side effect of being so in tune with you.”
“Good luck, there’s no signal out here,” Ben smirked, and tried to sit between the two girls. Alex stood up, not seeming to care as Ben fell forward onto the trunk. She pulled Claire along with her as they walked away from the guys.
Castiel shivered violently.
What do you mean by hook up?
“Yeah?”
“We could start now?” Castiel reached out and tapped the mattress beside him, trying to encourage Dean to come closer. “Right now what I want to do is be with you.”
“Castiel, no one’s going to be watching us having sex. All the rest of the band will care about is how well we fight on the battlefield. Everything else, that’s between you and me. Okay?”
“I can’t imagine why,” Castiel spoke boldly, and Dean barked a laugh.
“That’s something we have in common,” Castiel nodded.
Dax was cold, sore and cranky. Stevie had stolen a convertible, which she insisted on driving with the top down, and she had been gunning it towards the West Coast since they'd left the house she'd been squatting in. Dax hadn't slept since the bunker, and he hadn't slept well even there, and he was beginning to really feel the effects. And more than anything, he was missing Faith, who was an easier travelling companion than Stevie. Stevie kept asking him questions that at first he found he couldn't answer easily. He felt - stupid though it was - that he was somehow being a traitor to Faith by giving too much away.
I've also begun to use my tumblr for once (I blame the DCBB - this is not my efforts for that btw - for moving there). I have no idea what I'm doing on there but if you ever want to drop me a line, my Tumblr is https://flutterby-cupcake-26.tumblr.com
Meg held out her hand, and Castiel slid it onto her finger before standing up again, as Meg admired the ring.
She didn’t understand why he wasn’t getting the hint that she didn’t want to talk about anything. Not with him, and not with anyone else. She made herself breathe, trying to get rid of the hiccups, putting all her focus onto that.
“What happens to me now, Castiel? My home is gone. My brother is exiled, and everyone thinks I’m dead. I don’t even know what I am.”
“Homework. There was a game tonight, I didn’t see you there.”
“Great, can’t do the drug deal now,” Claire muttered. Alex sniggered, and Dean grinned at her.
The soldiers were selected for their ability and merit, and were paired together by vow (though unlike in my story, it was at the shrine of Iolaus, a former lover of Hercules – this is according to Plutarch at least) using the structure of pederastry – an older erastes and a younger eromenos. Most soldiers joined at around the age of 20/21 after training in regular barracks. They typically left at the age of 30.
Dax did as instructed, and drove until he reached the bookstore. He parked up, and Charlie scribbled her number on a scrap of paper.
“Do you prefer Castiel?” Balthazar needled him. “And do you prefer Meg?”
“Like what you see?”
“Are you sure?” Castiel checked. She shrugged one shoulder.
Dax pulled the photograph out of his pocket that he had taken from Sam and Dean. At the time, he had taken it in the belief that he and Faith were leaving her parents behind, as a favour to her, but now it had another purpose.
Claire considered it as she drained her juice.
“Do you know what you said about for sure?” She asked.
'I know, girlfriend, but the angels wanted me to talk to you. And Sam called me on my way over, he wants me to talk to you too.'
Dean looked relieved, and John laughed openly.
“Thanks. Cas’ dad is pretty well off, he bought this whole island, gave the houses to Cas, Manny, Gabe and a few of their cousins. Cas made sure it was stocked up with a bunch of stuff to stay entertained, especially if it’s too dangerous to get a boat over to the main land. Okay, so,” he led the way upstairs. “Sam and Ellen, same bedroom as before. Alf, Ads, you’re sharing. Charlie and Claire, you are too. Don’t kill each other while you’re here, please.”
“She may need some understanding from your teachers when it comes to completing homework assignments for the next few weeks, just to ease her into it, but Claire doesn’t like handouts too much, so I think special treatment would irritate her,” he cast another glance at her. “Almost as much as it’s bugging her right now that I’m speaking for her, even though she has no inclination of talking right now.”
“Are you going to be okay here?” Castiel wanted to know. “I mean, you live in a crowded house, full of people and things to do, and we’re on an island right now and it’s quiet and I live alone and-”
'We need to go. We will come for you again, Flora.' Castiel threatened, and disappeared from her view with Sam before she could let her powers loose.
“Everything okay?” Alex asked Claire.
“Happy?”
It had been unavoidable that everyone discovered what had transpired. It had been awful having to go to some of these events and hearing people whispering, having them outright asking him for sordid details, especially at a time when Dean wasn’t ready to come too. He had stuck close to Balthazar and Gabriel at those functions, and they had lightened the mood enough for Castiel to manage until he could fold himself into Dean’s arms later that night.
“My marriage is over.”
And ugh, I'm reading a book by an author I love right now, and she has an aroace character and I was hoping I would feel happy about that, but the character is so emotionless that it feels like the worst kind of stereotype. And now I'm disappointed in someone I adore :(
"Well, of course. An antichrist tried to eat your heart out."
“We just got married, Clarence. Everyone thinks we’re having sex, we might as well.”
“I thought it was. You know that he’s a mechanic? When he’s not creating breathing metal,” she teased. “Although I suppose, in about twenty-four hours, that could all change for him.”
'Great,' Faith muttered into the pillow. 'Dad?'
Claire felt dumbfounded for a moment. She still wasn’t sure if Alex had kissed her the night before, or if it was in her imagination. She didn’t know how she felt about any of it, even before the complication of some guy having a thing for her best friend. She nodded silently, and Devon scribbled his number down on a scrap of paper for her to give to Alex before he rejoined his friends. Claire walked away before she could hear any of their comments, and found Alex at her locker, arranging her books in order of her classes. She smiled at Claire as she approached.
“You’re welcome, future stepdaughter.”
“You were an ugly kid,” Sam shrugged, but then they both hugged, and Sam looked over at Claire. “How’s the nose?”
“What about your cousin?” She asked.
Castiel smiled as he removed his tunic.
“Dean,” Castiel muttered.
“It’s like you don’t know your audience at all.”
“Sam? Sammy?” Dean urged, shaking his brother’s arm. He stirred the smell of rot, and Sam’s skin was cold and clammy under his grip. “SAMMY!”
He passed her a lurid green piece of paper, and she snatched it from his hand, feeling unfairly treated. This was Dean, for God’s sake! He wasn’t meant to suspend her, and she knew he had donuts in his desk drawer. Donuts he always shared with her.
“… So then the house goes quiet. Too quiet. Sammy was a regular chatterbox and there wasn’t a peep out of either of them. I know these boys well enough to know silence is a bad sound with them. So I look everywhere, in the bedrooms, the bathroom, the kitchen, the study, the den. And then there’s this clunk outside. I had junkers all over the place at the time, I liked tweaking them and I’d been teaching Dean some things, and the clunk came from out there. I go outside, and at first I can’t see anything, and then when I go around my truck, I have to duck the half-apple that comes flying at my face. These two idjits were improvising a little baseball. Sam was wielding a wrench about twice his size like a bat and Dean was throwing apples from the crabapple tree at him to hit. They see me and Dean drops the apple in his hand and looks guilty, and Sammy tries to throw the wrench away. Took my truck window clean out, glass everywhere.”
Claire snorted.
Chuck Shurley met them at the door and escorted them to the cafeteria, which had been rearranged slightly to resemble a court set up; rows of chairs either side of an aisle, leading up to a few chairs facing the opposite direction. Michael Edlund was there, in the central seat almost like a judge, and Dean was in the front row of people facing forward, right next to his brother. Castiel and Alex took their seats beside Jody in one of the rows as Chuck led Claire into the seat beside Michael’s.
They both felt a strange wave of tension then, hovering between them. Dean bit back the response that would make the situation worse, the one where he pointed out that neither of them would know that. His own father had been terrible, and Faith hadn't experienced Dean as a father since she was nearly three years old, and she'd only had government workers raise her since then.
When the song moved on to the woes of Odysseus, Dean nudged his shield against Castiel’s spear arm.
'Dean, you're not the only one concerned for the welfare of our child. I realise her wings are painful right now but-'
“So he was trying to undermine your relationship, and when that didn’t work, he got Meg involved. I suppose he offered her a cut of all our money if she helped. They used the trust you give her to manipulate the circumstances, but Luke was gunning for all of us.”
'I just feel bad, I didn't even say goodbye, and he's stuck in the basement and he's only got Uncle Sam and Charlie there and he's just going to think the worst of me. We didn't even start talking about all the Men of Letters stuff.'
‘I guess I was picking my battles. There are things more important than my powers.’
Claire grinned, and hurried in to the kitchen before her father. Dean was busy at the stove, singing softly to himself with his back to them.
And who was Benny to him? Boyfriend? Husband? Brother? But who called their brother by their relationship? That was just weird. He couldn’t imagine turning around to Gabriel and addressing him as ‘brother’. Castiel really hoped that Benny wasn’t married to this artist, not if it removed his chances. He really hoped it was just friendship, that the artist was single and at least experimental.
“Of course you can!”
Claire didn’t look up from the album, stroking along a picture of her mom instead. She could see out the corner of her eye as Castiel took out his wallet and pulled a bunch of bills out.
'Are you kidding? You're in with the G-man.' Dean pointed out.
The crowd around them started standing and cheering as the teams ran out onto the field, and Claire was grateful for the interruption. They all stood too, whooping and clapping, and even more so as Alex ran onto the running track with the other cheerleaders. Claire watched transfixed as Alex danced with the others. She didn’t quite get the whole cheerleading thing, but Alex looked happy and carefree, like all the things she had confessed to Claire didn’t even exist. And Claire understood that, the need for an outlet that gave you an escape from your problems. She looked again at her father and Principal, on the looks they shared while everyone else was concentrating on the cheerleaders. And then she turned her head, and saw Sam with his arms around Eileen, chin resting on her head as she whooped like everyone else. She looked back at Alex and caught her eye, smiling. Alex beamed back and punched a pompom into the air. Jody placed a hand on her back as they all sat down, and the game began. Claire barely paid attention to what the teams were doing, her gaze kept drifting back to the cheerleaders who sat at the sidelines.
Guy’s front teeth got knocked out, there was blood. The team nearly rioted. It’s a great match! How’d you pull this off?
“Gabriel,” he was complaining. “I don’t think that’s wise, you could burn down the entire island.”
Dean made another derisive noise, and raised his sandwich again.
“What’ve you got there?”
“What are you doing?”
She stepped away, into her room, but could hear them talking through the wall.
Castiel returned late in the evening, when all the posters had been made, and the girls had set up camp around the sofas and armchairs. Dean remained in the kitchen most of the night, texting on his phone and pretty much giving the girls their space. He came into the apartment alone, looking exhausted. Claire watched as Dean started to fuss over him, but Castiel held a hand up to stop him.
'I've done my best, Dean.'
“Dad? I know you brought me here for Mom, but she’s not here. And I said my goodbyes at the funeral. I don’t need to come back here, because for me she’s not here. It’s like you say, right? Mom’s in me.”
'Cool. Stay out of my shirts.'
It was easier, being in the company of the higher ranking gentlemen, those who were comfortable in their pairings, who had no desire to gossip. Only one man brought up the subject of Sam, and though Dean bristled it was only for a short time.
Trigger warning: Claire is beaten up in the bathroom by the homophobic cheerleaders. I've tried not to be too graphic but understand the mention of it happening can be enough. If it affects you, please feel free to skip this chapter.
“It’s fine. Besides, Mary is at Tammy-May’s, Ben’s still at his mom’s, Charlie’s working late and Adam’s out with college friends. Alfie’s bringing food back, we’re all good.”
She blushed, and ducked her head.
“Claire’s made a friend. That makes her good news.”
Faith shook her head.
'Chuck?'
“Don’t freak out,” she said as she got even closer. Claire took a deep breath in, and let it out slowly.
“Art gallery?”
As the movie wound up, they looked at each other across the sofa, Jack giving his happy smile, Claire a little more reserved.
He nodded.
Last night was incredible. Can’t get it off my mind. I never do that, but it felt right with you. Or am I coming on too strong here?
Mary's response was to press her lips into a thin line. Dean's grip tightened on his arm.
Castiel’s heart thudded harder in his chest. Dean was so cute, and honourable and moral and helpful and sexy and … he refocused. He was Cas, and he was in charge. He took Dean’s offered hand, holding it tightly, and pulled himself out of the car, not letting go of Dean now he had hold of him again. Cas wanted to hold hands all night. He heard Dean thank Kevin before he could, and they walked together into the club house. A few journalists were there, trying to get pictures of the elite, and Castiel was glad they had no clue who he was. A few people called for Dean as they recognised him, but it was after they had already walked past, and were entering the building.
“We can talk. I’m here when you need it.”
“There’s nothing you could have done, Sam. The first time Azazel fed you his blood, it started warping your soul. It took me a long time to get used to how it looked, to see past it to the good behind the damage. I didn’t quite realise … I should have known … whenever I’ve become human, it’s been easier to see the real you, I stopped seeing how the demon blood ruined you. Even when I have my powers back, I don’t see it any more.” Castiel shot a sideways look at Dean, but he knew already that he was allowed to carry on. “I should have warned Dean, prepared him for it. That’s my fault.”
Claire’s heart sank into the pit of her stomach. They were talking about her. Alex saved her before she could go in crisis mode.
Sam poked his arm, as if to confirm that Dean wasn’t a ghost.
“Not your mom, idjit.”
“I said-”
“You’re beautiful.”
“And what about your brothers and sisters?” Mary pushed. “I can’t raise six children on my own.”
“I like beer,” Castiel said diplomatically. He fought the urge to shift on the rock, his muscles starting to feel tight from lack of movement, and he peeked at Dean, who was almost managing to draw without looking at the paper. His gaze was focused on Castiel. But it didn’t feel lustful, it felt like Castiel were a prop and Dean was as turned on as he would have been by a lump of cheese while he was in the zone. Castiel carried on talking.
'Well, I have today planned, Dad's cooking pancakes, and then I'm flying a little.'
'That was better than ever,' Castiel sighed blissfully, kissing the nearest bit of Dean's skin he could find.
Claire glanced up and met her father’s eye. He was watching quietly, offering her a gentle smile when they made eye contact.
“Hello?” He forced himself to speak. She looked up dreamily from the screen, then sat straight. Castiel briefly wondered if he had caught her goofing off, and if Dean knew she did it.
Castiel grinned, and Claire felt that now-familiar stab go through her. The one that was equal parts longing and happiness and anger and sorrow and frustration, all at once.
“You’re not like this in school,” Alex piped up, looking at Dean.
“Probably something from when we were kids,” Castiel deflected the topic. Balthazar and Meg had always been abrasive, but Castiel had always thought it was their way of bonding with each other. “Anyway, Balth and Gabe aren’t so bad. They took me away for a week when I first got the divorce papers, we stayed at a private island Gabe owns and I sulked on the beach the entire time, missing you, drowning my sorrows in Pina Coladas.”
“You tell me.”
‘Sorry, Castiel. But I need all my good angels. And they weren’t fair to you. I figured if I asked, you’d pull a Winchester and tell me to shove your Grace up my ass.’ Gabriel rubbed his arm a couple of times, and then stood up. ‘But hey, it’s not all bad. I’ve tweaked it so you can eat your wedding cake.’
“What are you doing here?” he asked Dean’s shoulder.
They both disappeared in the blink of an eye, and Dean looked away from Castiel, unsure about what was going to happen now. Castiel seemed at a loss too. There was a long period of silence, before Dean broke it.
“Uh, yeah. He moved into Becky’s house when they got married.” Dean shrugged one shoulder, as Mary continued to look at Castiel, who was still being inundated with images of himself with Dean in various positions. How long had Gabriel been watching them? “We’ll go visit them soon.”
She pulled back, smirking at him.
“I think Cas wanted his whole family there.”
Dean’s smile grew, showing his teeth, and he clicked their glasses together. They drained their glasses, and Dean removed Castiel’s from his hand, before refilling his own glass. Castiel didn’t complain, he merely dropped his hand onto Dean’s knee, tucking his fingertips underneath.
“Everyone loves bacon.”
He watched as Benny and Brother walked outside, discussing which piece to drag in next, and Castiel took his chance, rushing over to the board room and sliding into his seat, late and attracting all the attention. No one would call him out though, no one wanted the wrath of a Novak brother. None of them cared to know the truth. But he still didn’t like the way people turned their heads in his direction, then snapped back to Edith as though it hurt to look at him. Being studiously ignored was, in some ways, worse than being studied intently. It was like people were aware of him but too intimidated to acknowledge him.
Castiel nodded, and chewed on his burrito for a moment.
'How about a compromise? Faith Mary Winchester.'
And then Gabriel stopped working so hard on the land, taking to the bed in the corner of their small house while Sam did everything, his head full of grey hair, his beard a fluffy white. Sam’s eyes were constantly full of concern, the bags underneath them indicating a lack of sleep, his loss of muscle tone suggesting a lack of nutrition. Dean wanted to make it better somehow, but he was not a god himself, and it was beyond Castiel’s power to reverse the effects of time.
“Maybe,” Claire said with a half-chewed mouthful of food, shoved into her cheek. “You should do what Dean did? Move your stuff in slowly, until one day he realises you haven’t gone home and you don’t need to because your toothbrush is in the holder and all your clothes are in his closet.”
'Mmm-hmmm, and that exists for your entire life, Faith, if you want to go anywhere but Purgatory when you die. Absolutely no hanky-panky with Dax.'
“Lose the cushion.”
“Look, we’ll work it all out. How to hang out without people calling us out for something that’s not true. Don’t let those rumours get to you, okay?”
“That’s a really nice gift.” He commented.
“Think it’s time we re-enact some of your artwork.”
He shot a glance at Dean, sighed, and returned his attention to his hands.
They nodded together.
Faith stopped moving, leaning up against a tree. She heard the words Gabriel hadn't said. Her mission had already been declared.
“I kinda share with Adam. It’s a long story. I’ll tell you better some other time. This is my half-sister’s room. Charlie and Mary. It should be Claire as well but it’s best to keep her as far away from Charlie as possible.”
“But you don’t want me to go?”
“Your fathers have decided on green and blue for their wedding colours, you’re going to want to pick a dress in either shade.”
'I wasn't. I was just sad. I mean, Ben's great, and I love that he's my brother, but you and he,' she sighed. 'He's stubborn, that's all. But he'll see.'
“Or maybe they’ll last as long as that one about me boning my brother. I can’t watch myself every second of the day, Cas. There’s always going to be someone to criticise.”
Sorry for yet another delay :( we're prepping for sale at the moment at work, and I've had a CFS flare up/bug on top.
'I fail to see how the refuse section is a better quality of air than inside the diner.'
“No, I um … I hoped … I mean,”
Claire pushed her cereal about listlessly. She was so happy they were back together, that nothing in their relationship had really changed, that they were content with what they had. But she couldn’t stop thinking about Alex.
“I’m feeling Chinese. That good with you?”
“Does he make you happy?”
Claire didn’t respond. She could see what her dad was saying, but she also felt like they had been through plenty. The fact that he couldn’t see how he had already paid his penance and was getting his reward now baffled her, but she knew she couldn’t make that argument. Instead, she tweaked the handkerchief in his breast pocket and smiled at him.
She nodded as she headed over to Castiel’s room and knocked on the door.
One Castiel climbed onto a cow and rode it away, and the other Castiel’s were suddenly dressed like ballerinas, covered in feathers, gliding gracefully in front of the screen. Pirouetting and jeteing like they were in a version of Swan Lake.
Gabriel shrugged, his expression clearing, as though he couldn't care less about Dax.
'Are they both pregnant, too?' Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean smiled, his eyes full of warmth, the mark almost a distant memory. Castiel could feel a hint of that old understanding, and he knew that Dean was being genuine. Dean would be his, if in a slightly unconventional way, but Castiel had to resume his old role too, and trust that Dean knew what he was doing. He knew that Dean could tell he was willing to step back, and trust in Dean’s choices, and his chest buzzed with the nostalgia of moments like this. He rested his forehead against Dean’s, and let his Hunter pull him tighter into the hug. This Dean would never hurt him.
He didn’t want it to be a deal breaker. He didn’t want Dean to bail on him. He didn’t want the fact he was Castiel Novak to be the only reason Dean would say yes.
'Bet you would be,' Junior said softly.
Claire silently reached across and slipped her hand into his clenching one, giving him a gentle squeeze. He gave a definite squeeze back.
“It’s going to be okay. I promise. But the baby’s not going to come out like this.”
'Her who?' Faith bit back, completely freaked out by Dean's sudden enthusiasm and Castiel's intensity.
Dean stole another mouthful of waffle.
“I saw that. Don’t pull the twin switch trick on me.”
There was absolutely no way that Castiel could admit he was there for a date. Dean didn’t seem like the kind of guy who would appreciate stopping work just to be hit on. He stuck to the line he had given the assistant, trying to sound like he didn’t know Dean’s entire back catalogue.
“Maybe it’s not that,” the other man’s eromenos spoke up. “Maybe they’re planning to run away together before Dean’s too old for the army. Cheating Castiel out of the chance to have kids of his own.”
Faith stared at the rim of her cup.
“Claire? Can you be honest with me about something?”
“She’s harmless. You met Balthazar,” Castiel tried to joke.
They stopped marching for lunch, and a nearby village welcomed them in, providing them all with bread, wine, fruit and a few sacrificial goats. The soldiers gorged themselves on the food, and some of the village women started talking with the soldiers, some outright flirting and others acting coy. Dean watched in amusement as the man he had beaten for Castiel had one woman slide onto his lap, toying with the frond of his helmet, but soon sobered up when another woman slid between himself and Castiel.
“You used to do that as a kid as well. Make me chase you. Normally when it was time to go. You would refuse and go scooting back into the ball pit and bury yourself down. Then you would wait until Amelia sent me in to look for you to get back out and run off.”
“I’m sure I could find a pottery painting studio. Like old times.”
She heard her father sigh.
artist.”
Silence fell, and the tension got thicker. She knew she’d be having a big conversation with Castiel after this.
“Like you and Dean don’t have any secrets from each other.”
“See you at the bottom!” Jack beamed, and took off down his chute. Claire took a deep breath and let the water jets and gravity push her down her chute, letting the water sway her from side to side as she flew along. In no time at all, she was momentarily airborne before crashing into the pool below and going under, swimming out of the way of the chute. Jack swam in front of her, smiling.
“You two look identical now!” Gabriel crowed as he finished Emmanuel’s look with a flourish. Emmanuel and Castiel exchanged the same exasperated look.
'So what attacked him?' Claire asked as she pulled away, heading towards her house.
“Sure, Jack.”
“I’m not that far, Mom. And I’ll be with Cas.” His voice had softened.
Cas, please say you know what a hook up is.
“Have you seen you?” Dean raised an eyebrow.
“Yesterday.” Claire felt nonplussed.
He had irritated her when they first met. His werewolf visage had been off-putting, and he had swapped between trying to be chivalrous and calling her out on her angry moments. She didn't know when things had begun to change. Maybe in the safe house, when they had discussed his silver bullet, or when he made the s'mores that unlocked the part of herself she hadn't been able to reach before. Or maybe it was because she liked that he challenged her, and didn't let her get away with throwing her weight around. Dax had always been too cowardly to make sure she did the right thing, and look how that had turned out?
“Cas seemed to think that Gabriel needed the bigger warning.” Dean shrugged. Castiel’s twin smiled at that.
“Sounds good.”
“Well, if Dean’s staying to help clean up, I don’t have to, right? Later.”
“I could be covered in grease if you want. After hours.”
Faith rolled her eyes.
“That’s not a trick question, I’d like you to answer. It will help me to improve.”
“After this dance?” Claire suggested. “We’ll go somewhere and talk. But for now, just enjoy the rest of the song.”
Dean wasn’t annoyed with Benny, or angry at the lack of fighting, despite what they communicated in public. And Benny wasn’t as disproving of him. They had realised some years before, when Dean was inducted into the band and claimed by Benny that praise made him fumble. Likewise, Dean admiring Benny out loud left the older man flustered and ruined his concentration. Some of the other couples worked well with praise, Dean and Benny worked best by pushing each other’s buttons and striving to do even better.
Dean sighed, and finally caved in. He had suspected Castiel from the moment he handed the first set of rings over, and Sam had all but confirmed it. But they couldn’t carry on, Sam was right. The bunker wasn’t built for so many trees, birds, and people as were laid out in the song.
“No. But how is it going to work?”
“Are you kidding? Sam would hate you for it.”
'Discomfort like having an angel inside of her?' Dean's voice lowered into his typical angry growl.
“Yeah, I think it’s okay though. You know, the whole finding out your principal is dating your friend’s dad thing.”
“You’re both just confusing me.” Claire admitted.
Dean had spent most of his drive home thinking about the weekend with Castiel. They had spent most of it naked, exploring each others bodies, making the most of the time that they had together, but they had also spent time with Emmanuel - fully clothed - and Castiel had shown him around the island, and introduced him to a few of his other family members.
“Yeah, your brother’s erastes is coming for you,” one of the other soldiers sneered. Dean tried to ignore him.
“On a break,” Alex corrected. Claire didn’t want to refute the statement when Alex was essentially holding her hand. But even that contact didn’t do anything, didn’t feel like anything other than a friend doing another friend’s nails. “I love you, Claire.”
“Okay, Cas, start at the beginning. I want to understand what’s gone wrong.”
“Means nothing to me, Brother.”
“Perhaps it’s not true, but it’s something I would like to believe anyway, Dean. Please don’t disillusion me, you owe me that much.” He gestured to the compress on his face to strengthen his point. Dean’s frown tightened.
“Uh-huh.”
“Not your boyfriend yet!” Balthazar called out.
“He stopped talking to me.”
Claire snorted with laughter, and the redhead turned her focus.
“Because I saw you kiss that cheerleader at the football game. He wouldn’t say much about it, but I figured you kissed her because you’re gay too, right?”
'You didn't walk in on it! And I like how he's my dad now you're grossed out about his sexuality.'
'We'll leave him here with Sam and Charlie.' Castiel decided. 'Dax is the least of my concerns.'
“Meg’s not right for you,” Balthazar agreed. “Dean was.”
'Deny what, huh? What am I denying, exactly? And what is that stuff, anyway?'
“Or, we could watch Deadpool.” Claire smiled innocently.
“What’s up with that anyway? With the whole mystery angle or whatever?”
“You’ll see. In the meantime, my wine is rather excellent Dean, and I’m rather insulted that you haven’t sampled it yet.”
That blows. But you got me there, all night.
She heard Dax sigh beside her, and could hear him thinking that she was in a mood again, but that wasn't true. She was just over thinking everything. Like, what if there was a name for what she was, some reasonable explanation for why she could mess with people's heads, alter other people's realities, and jump so far she practically flew? What if it meant that she was a monster? What if she was actually a suck-ass hunter and just got by on the fact that she had these special monster powers?
"Okay, keep your eyes open. Cas, if he's using his powers to sneak up on us, give us the best heads up you can, okay?"
“Well, we didn’t have the best start. I kind of hated you. And we did start bonding when we started working together. Look at us now, right?”
The tribute band was good. Nearly as good as the real thing. Castiel had delivered, and he even seemed to be enjoying the music himself.
Faith peered up as Dean kissed Castiel gently, over and over again. Their unconventional little family, fully reunited again.
He could feel Dean’s eyes boring into him again, could hear the blip in Dean’s thoughts where he was once again caught by Castiel’s true face.
“Yeah, I will. I got you.”
Her dad had been different too. Happier, looser with his emotions. Claire could hear him whistling as he restocked some second-hand college textbooks. It was harder to be angry with him while he was in this mood, even when she knew he had another date with Dean that night.
Faith quirked her mouth to one side as she nodded absently, while Ms Matthews continued chattering.
“Yeah, with your skin? You don’t need make up.”
“Oh, don’t get me wrong, I’m so happy that my future stepdaughter never wants to have sex. I just don’t get it.”
"Time out," Sam murmured, and leaned across to kiss his wife on the cheek. "How was the hospital?"
Everyone joined in, calling out “Claire’s two dads” as both Castiel and Dean stood and enveloped her in a hug.
In the meantime, Faith had finally made it to Junior's side, where she was gulping the huge breaths of air. His face was bloodied, and there was a large gash on his chest which was spurting blood. Faith winced at the gore in front of her, because she could see the pale lines of Junior's ribs through the red mottled, broken skin, and the flesh beneath.
Castiel went into a full anxiety attack, and froze to the spot. Michael mentioned the magazine article. Had he laughed about Castiel’s fixation and begged Dean to go out with him, to play along with Castiel’s awkwardness but eventually agree? Was this a set up?
I'm on a writer's retreat at the moment and my signal is awful, and I'm abusing my friend's internet connection but I wanted to post something during this week, especially when I've done over 10k words in four days :)
“It’s not your fault, Dad. It’s hers.”
“I’ve missed you,” Alex eventually said. “I wish you’d come back to school.”
“Well, I wasn’t going to watch her get her claws into you.”
Dax nodded, and dived in the backseat as Krissy and Sam got in the front.
Castiel looked down at his own still-full bottle. Dean didn’t have any idea what the mark could do to him - what it was doing to him - and he was meddling with powers that even Castiel couldn’t compare to. How was a mere human going to protect themselves from something even an angel couldn’t fight against? Even if that was human was Dean Winchester.
Castiel dug through his box again, looking down at the chopsticks.
“Well, well, well. I suppose it’s no surprise you went crawling back to him.”
Alex followed Jody to their table, taking the little girl too, and Claire slipped back into her seat, tucking into her burger like nothing had happened.
Dean pressed a kiss against his temple, and he fell asleep.
He'd felt things were amiss as he came around, trying to figure out what was different from the night before. And then he realised that Faith was no longer in bed. He jumped out of the covers, looking through all their things. Faith had taken her favourite weapons, and her salt and lighter. Dax had a note on top of his jeans, a hastily scrawled "sorry". Sam was right, Faith was far too impulsive. Dax climbed into his best slacks and a button down, topping the look off with a bow tie, before grabbing the room keys and dashing over to Sam and Krissy's room, his breathing beginning to grow erratic.
On the one hand, it was a relief not to be needed by his family, but on the other hand … he could have had more time with Castiel.
“If you’re really going to push me, Cas, I’ll say that you’re the thing I want to spend that money on. It’s yours. It was always yours.”
“Kill me.” Meg flopped onto his bed, and buried her head in the covers.
“Well, like you said, it’s a wedding.” Claire acknowledged. “And we care about each other, right?”
“Geez,
“I’m proud of Claire, for not breaking and blabbing about it.”
Castiel instantly felt contrite. He just wanted this to be easy between them, wanted to have that happy anticipation they had experienced beforehand. He tried to make amends.
“That’s unfair, Dean. You mean so much to all of us. You gave Charlie another family after she lost hers, you raised Sam just as much as your father did and perhaps more, and you are everything to me.”
Claire put down the letters with shaking hands. Neither of them had cursed, or done anything other than imply each other’s behaviour, and yet there was so much bitterness. Even though Claire could see from the dates that it was only a couple of months after the divorce. She picked a random letter from the back of the neat rows nestled in the boxes instead.
“My cruller eater’s gone AWOL, can I play donuts?”
Dean blinked in surprise. Adam wasn’t one to share the warm fuzzies. He didn’t want to make the situation more awkward for his half-brother.
“I have a boyfriend.” Castiel reminded him. Reminded himself.
'Maybe, but Faith, it's too much. You're not holding anything against me, why do it to him?'
Castiel was holding his sides tightly, standing on the sidewalk in the poorer side of town. It looked like a mainly residential area, but his research had confirmed that this was Dean’s studio. That fact didn’t stop him from having multiple panic attacks though.
“Anyway, you should both meet Dean, he’s probably a better audience for your sense of humour.”
“I like the steampunk influence. Embracing the modern while looking back at the past, while utilising the materials you have to hand. I like that you use a relevant material to help tell the piece. Especially with the man running,” he forced himself to stop with the word vomit. “I was just wondering how you managed to defy gravity so easily with it.”
Dean’s response was to pass him some clothes out of his own dresser for Castiel to sleep in. Castiel immediately began changing and Dean walked into his closet. He sniffed the shirt subtly, but it smelled of soap powder rather than Dean’s natural scent. He slipped under the covers and turned to see Dean shaking a sleeping bag out onto the floor. Maybe Dean wasn’t ready to lay beside him again, to hold each other as they slept. But the sheets carried his smell, and he snuggled under the blanket, looking at Dean as he got comfortable in the sleeping bag. He fell into the dip of the mattress, the one that matched Dean’s pose, and he got comfortable there, still watching the man he loved.
“Am I broken?” She asked before he could say anything.
“Old news. I’ll make you up a Grace, one that’ll bind with your soul and mean you have all that power, and your precious free will - up to a point, obviously, it’s a Grace - but it’ll definitely still be your meat suit.”
“No. Mom and Dad met at college, they had me not long after graduation. There’s no chance of anyone else.”
“Uh, yeah. He thought it might help me work some stuff out.”
My accountant should have sent you the money by now, Dean.
“I’ll bet. You probably feel like how I feel, after the divorce from Jack’s father. Like you’re not really meant to be here somehow.”
“I kind of got that. But um, he said he was meant to be at an ice hockey match. His brother and sister got tickets. I think I can get him there after his fitting.”
He shoved his hand into hers, and she squeezed so hard that they both heard bones breaking. Junior didn’t break a sweat, his focus was entirely on her.
“They’re saying crap about you and Sam too!”
Dean continued staring at her, watching her fidget in her chair. Definitely lying.
“Me too. It was one of my favourite parts of those dates. I hate that it was such a good time, and you weren’t really there. I hate that he did that to you, that he drugged you and when I said I thought someone had tampered with your drink he acted like I was crazy. Michael’s suing him for it, but if you wanted to take action just say and I will help you fight it with everything I’ve got.”
He stopped just inside the door, watching. The wings were moving, curving up and out slightly, then flexing back in. Like Dean was testing his new limbs. And then he raised a hand, stroking the downy feathers with one finger, and Castiel could see him watching his progress, a small smile on his lips.
“Ben’s trying to sleep, Alf. Homework.”
‘So, Dean,’ Becky grinned at her brother-in-law. ‘How’s the wedding planning going?’
There was a yell in the distance, and they both looked back at the school where a huge huddle was building by the doors leading to the canteen. They stood up and walked together towards the crowd.
“What was that?” Dean asked quietly. Claire handed the napkin straight over. Dean opened it up, and a tic started in his cheek.
“I was adorable.”
“Call me Castiel,” he acquiesced. “Can I know the name of my erastes?”
She was about to walk away when Castiel called out to her.
“Dean, you’re the only person I know who could have a date with a billionaire and talk about herpes five minutes in.” He shook his head and focused on Castiel. “I’m sorry about my brother.”
“Sorry,” Alex muttered. “Can’t think why Jody jumped at the chance to talk business.”
“Who came first?”
Alex moved on to stroking a brush across her eyelids, and Claire felt some of the tension of the day seeping out of her. She relaxed, as Alex moved her face with a cupped hand.
'I love you, too.'
Sometimes they visited earth, and assumed different forms to help young boys and girls “come out”, giving advice and being confidantes to those who needed it. Perhaps the world no longer believed in the Greek deities, even under other guises, but they still provided the faith that mankind needed when they could.
Sam watched as he walked into the kitchen, humming it to himself as he poured a coffee.
“Wait, that was five hundred dollars!” Dean was indignant. Bobby turned a stink eye on him.
“Better.”
“You used to sleep in my bed as a kid,” he shrugged. She smiled faintly.
'I did that?'
'Daddy had his coffee and Uncle Sam started asking about their date, and Mommy said they got me presents. And Mommy was about to get me my presents when my head started hurting and the angels started shouting. Daddy hugged me tightly, but he couldn't stop the yelling, and they kept saying I had to go, I had to leave, I was going to die. They were going to break in somehow. And Daddy and Mommy and Uncle Sam started planning to make me safe, and Mommy told Bear to watch out for me. And then they went away to make it safe.'
'Seriously, Faith, you're being so casual about all of this and it's so far removed from casual-'
“Shoot.”
Dean cut himself off. Castiel was there, emerging slowly from behind pavilion. He too was in a simple, but well made tunic. He looked unscarred, healthy and whole. But his expression was closed, almost timid.
Claire lost control, and threw a cushion at him. It bounced off his head and fell to the floor. It must have hurt, the power she put into that throw, but holier-than-thou Castiel wasn’t going to break.
She shrugged, and sighed. “Its your life, I guess. I’m just trying to protect you.”
“Is everything okay?” He asked as he slid his wallet into his pocket.
Castiel sounded bitter again.
Thanks if you've stuck with this story, and I hope it goes how you were hoping it will!
“Okay. Keep it down.”
"Sorry about my dad, earlier. Mama usually stops him from being completely embarrassing. First time I had a friend over, he told them about the time I wore my Spiderman outfit for six months solid."
Dean looked up at him, and Castiel’s whole face transported as he smiled widely.
“He thinks you’re mad about the whole future stepdaughter, fake dad thing.”
“I was the one who remembered getting married the next morning.” Dean tried to keep his irritation in check. “I was the one making sure Cas was going to be okay with it. He knows how I feel.”
“Coolest person on the planet?”
, he needed Dutch courage. He passed a glass to Dean, who took it and finally looked at him, just as their fingers brushed against each other. Castiel didn’t know what to do with himself as heat shot from his chest to his stomach. He wanted Dean
“You have really good pores,” Alex said when it was obvious that Claire wasn’t going to carry on talking about what had gone on at school.
“So, the wedding’s in a couple of minutes?” Dean’s tone was that flat one again, the one which wouldn’t betray his thoughts or feelings. Castiel hadn’t given him any information about the wedding, but he supposed with Michael around, he didn’t need to.
