And for people who expected a sex scene, that is what you get. Reasoning, is that because I suck at them, and I don't want to make you guys stab your eyes out. :P
"Make your move, Reindeer Games," said Toni.
"Just make sure you don't quit."
That time, Toni didn't reply back, but the woman still followed Toni for a few minutes, telling her that she could make her night. Telling her all the things that she could do, but the genius wouldn't bit anymore- not again. She just wanted to get away. This was another reason to leave, but she supposed the main reason was her twitching muscles and aching back. Then again, there was also the fact that it had started to rain, and it was the cold, freezing rain.
Toni tried her best to suppress her flinch, but she jumped at the voice. She knew who it was before she turned around; however, his presence still surprised her, even though she expected this. He was after something after all. She wished the murderer would just leave her alone as she wasn't going to give in, even if she went crazy. "Anyone would," she replied as she turned around to face him.
He couldn't even think as he just stared off in disbelief. The honking cars or a crowd of loud people, who were staring at him, didn't draw his attention. None of that mattered to him. He couldn't get his head around what was going on, but he didn't get time to think as black cars circled him, blocking his escape. Even the cars were of nothing that he had ever seen before.
"You won't have a choice on that."
Steve walks over to him slowly. "How are you? I feel like I haven't see you in ages?" he asks as he sets the plate down.
"Yes," he replied.
"Well, if the shoes fits," Toni shrugged as she eyed him. The Private looked like he was going to collapse from his injuries. "But are you okay? Do you need me to take you to the medical tent," she asked, switching her tones.
"She will never love you," Schmidt replied in his face.
"In 3 minutes and 53 seconds."
Toni's head was spinning. Yes, she expected to be overwhelmed, but she didn't expect this. "Stop," she howled, feeling ill. Her head started to hurt.
Pepper had left soon after she had come up from the lab, and it was clear that Toni had pissed her off as she had stormed out of the Tower without a word. Steve had come up from lab a few minutes later and headed directly to the couch in front of the fire pit. He didn't say much, a clear sign that Toni had pissed him off too which was hard to do.
Also, A reviewer once asked me what Actress I would see playing Toni, and I could only think of two possible people. I was thinking either Rachel Emily Nichols or Roxanne McKee, but I don't know.
"You seem to be leaning on Sergeant Barnes and Captain Rogers a lot," he stated. "I don't need to tell you why that's a bad idea." His arms were folded across his chest and narrowed his eyes at her.
"Okay," he smiled.
Her father glanced at her before looking at Peggy, who was also staring at him. "Because I'm a bloke."
"Steve," he uttered as they stepped out of the room.
"So what do you do for a living?" she asked, knowing very little of what he did before becoming the Captain. She just knew he was a poor kid from Brooklyn.
Talking was the last thing she wanted to do. The first was blowing up her device, if it wasn't already destroyed. The second was burning the blue prints. After that, she wanted to get wasted until she forget who she was. Oh, she couldn't wait until she could forget. She wanted to forget everything. "No, but we can talk about your grandson if you like," she said with a wink.
"Yes, ma'am." There was a pause. "It would be best to wait for Mr. Banner's return."
Toni let out a tiny chuckle, because it would have been hilarious, well not to the Private who would have shit his pants. "You don't need to protect my honor, Barnes."
Being at war, they didn't have the fortune of four star meals, and at the apartment, they couldn't really afford anything like that. The plate in front of her had a nice sized steak, mashed potatoes, and some green beans, and she couldn't take her eyes off the steak, almost reaching to the fork just to taste it. "Is this a joke?" she asked.
"Turn around."
Howard stuck out his left hand and showed them. It was burnt. "I'm starting to think it has a mind of its own and it hates me, which is impressive as no one or thing hates me."
Toni eyed Barnes, wondering if he was this flirtatious with all women or just her. Well, she was pretty different from the women of this time. For one, there was no way in hell that she would ever back down and listen to a man (or anyone), and she refused to let culture roles of this time rule her. She knew that would attract some man to her (as well as turn some away). "I'm really out of your league, Barnes," she stated with a smile.
The Colonel turned to Clint, giving him a look. "Toni didn't use the tie enough in college," he said. The pain looked was still on his face. "Could never tell when to trust it when she did."
"Why would I take it from you?" She asked as she slapped his hand away.
Toni could feel herself start to wonder again. Why did the first man want this other man gone? Did this man do something besides attacking Rollins? She had no idea but she knew she had to move. She had to open her eyes.
Steve took a deep breath before stepping away. "I do not wish to talk about this." He snapped. Why did everyone want to talk about his love life? Why did people care? "So, lay off." It looked like there was something else on Romanoff's tongue, but Steve didn't give her the chance to say another damn thing.
The assassin's eyes twitched. "Don't call me Tashie," she glared. "And Christmas decorations. Cap here wants to fancy up the place."
"Stark," Natasha said, giving Toni a look. She didn't believe her. "Don't protect him."
Steve laughs. "I was jealous at first, seeing how close Bucky got to you at first. I want to be in your lab with you."
Toni shook her head. "No, I can take care of myself, besides JARVIS will sound the alarm or something. Trust me, he is worse than a big brother, which was something I never wanted," she said with a smile.
Under the window stood an old oak writing desk, which had belonged to Steve's father. There were many scratches and dents in the old faded wood, but Steve would never do away with it. When he was younger, Steve would watch his father work at the desk with the thought that he would do the same one day. It brought a smile to his face whenever he used it. It was where he worked, and at times, where he thought. It was where Steve was headed now. "I want to help her get back to her feet."
"You're being bearable for once," she responded.
Fury didn't feel guilty about that. Sure, he wanted nothing to become of their world, but he wasn't going to let anything happen to theirs. "Yes."
Barnes took a deep breath. "I get it," he stated as he put his hands up in surrender. He turned away from her and walked away. "I am sorry," he stated a few feet away from her.
"Really? You're belittling me to the female stereotype?" she snapped at him with a glare and a sharp edge to her words. She kicked the chair back and stood. "This isn't about them. It's about me and the fact that I shouldn't be here."
"There's no fonduing between us!" He hid his cherry face.
Pepper glanced toward Natasha and glared. "Yea, I remember. You did nothing to stop her or discourage her."
"But that isn't what's bothering you," he stated, giving her a weak smile.
On her hands and knees and unable to get up, Toni forced herself to take a few deep breaths as she closed her eyes, trying to slow her heart. For a few long seconds, she just kneed there, taking in the night sky. The cold, bitter air hit her like a ton of bricks, but it was refreshing at the same time. With the pitch blackness of a panic attack upon her—not that she would admit to them-, Toni counted it as a blessing. "Oh God, not again."
"Right now I'm in the middle of nowhere. If I wait any longer, a lot of people are gonna die-" Steve started, but Toni was no longer paying attention. If he didn't want to talk to her, then there was no point in her listening to his speech. She was sick of his self-sacrificing way, and she couldn't deal with it anymore. If he wanted to be stupid, then so be it, but why did he have to be like this? Why did he always do this? Was it because he thought he was prefect? Did it all go back to that? Was it something else?
If that smile was anything to judge, maybe he was happy? She hoped so. Toni gave him a look before leaning against the left side of the elevator. "Oh, you don't know what you have gotten yourself into, Rogers."
Panic forgotten, Toni's head shot up, turning toward the voice. Her heart leaped, seeing her Father leading across the doorframe. He held expression that she couldn't read. "Dad?" she asked, her entire body was shaking as Howard took a step forward.
"I thought you would like to see our guest," she said, stepping aside to reveal Rogers, who arms had been chained.
. However, she knew, even if she didn't have that connection, that she would take his death hard. She was human after all. Knowing that someone was going to die and that there was no way to stop it would weigh heavy on anyone.
He laughed. "I don't want that to happen."
Toni thought bitterly, knowing every well it was like
Toni had long since given up on trying to get a cell signal and was now placing as much distance between her and metal armed assassin as she could. It was just harder said than done. Though she was getting used to the pain, she was still feeling the car accident throughout her body, like someone was continually poking her with needles. Her ankle was still sore, feeling more unsteady with each step, and her head was still throbbing, almost to the point of tears. She tried to close her eyes and force herself to take a few deep breaths, but that only made it worse. It was getting hard to even think with pain. All she wanted to do was stop.
"Bu-"
He was angry and Toni could tell. Again, it was cute to see how he reacted over a total stranger. "Well, I didn't want to stay there, and I'm stubborn."
She so did not like his tone. She didn't understand why he was acting like this; it wasn't just because he was Captain Ass. It was like he was really mad at her, which annoyed her. He needed to get over 'this' thing. "Fine," she stated as he walked away. She followed him of course.
Toni had been lucky lately, running into a few people who didn't pay much attention to her, but she didn't have much time. The medical staff and the military personnel would soon notice her disappearance or the screaming nurse, who would wake up soon. She needed to get out of this place before that, but it was like a maze. She had no idea of where the front door was, and there was a good shot that they would find her before she made it.
"A challenge you will lose," he said, wondering if he would regret that. Toni had done some scary things in battle, almost giving him heart attacks. He could imagine the old man jokes if anyone knew.
"Enough," she hissed as she exited her lab, heading to her room. Though she was working on no sleep and she needed to be in bed, the sun had risen, and she had to get to work. Why again did she give Pepper the month off? Why in the hell did she think that was a good idea? And why did Steve have to go off again on some stupid SHIELD assignment? Was Fury trying to kill her? "I have to get ready."
"See ya, Salty!" Toni yelled.
"Project Insight requires insight. So, I wrote an algorithm," Zola continued on. "And Stark has a part to play in it."
"You're in a recovery room in New York city," she stated with a smile. She was a pretty woman, but he wanted to see Toni.
"He was my friend, you know. He wasn't just her father," he countered.
*O*O*
"I do want to train," she added, out of breath. They had been running for miles, and she had sweat dripping down her face. "Let's go." She stepped back to him. "I'm rea-" Without watching where she stepped, she tripped over a tree root and before she could even think to put on her arms out, she found herself in Barnes' chest. His arms were wrapped around her, making her forget where she was.
"It's you who needs to be knock down," Gabe stated. He waved his cards. "Such an ego on you."
He shook his head as he paused to rest. "I thought you wanted to train."
It was true, and Toni had no idea when that developed, considering she wrote the book on one-night stand and how to get the guy out. She tried to publish it, but Pepper shoot her down. "And you love my cuddles. So, let's be honest. It'll be
Natasha took a deep breath as she eyed him. "You don't need to worry. Loki struck out. He wasn't able to make contact. He tried a few times." She turned back to Bruce. "Is he okay?" she asked, knowing that she couldn't ask Rogers that.
He gave her a cold look before turning away, heading toward the quinnjet. "We don't have time for this. Let's just get back to Shield and hand in our report." His escape plan disappeared.
"Ouch, and here I thought we were getting along," he said, pretending to be hurt.
"Good, because this not my area of expertise," he replied, as his eyes wondered up.
"That's what I like about you."
As she took a deep breath, Toni told herself to calm down. She tried to focus her mind on something else, because she didn't want to think about her father and her lonely childhood, a childhood that still gave her nightmares.
Her hand went to her head, feeling a huge bandage on the lower back of her head.
"I will go to the end of the earth to make sure you remember: you aren't at fault for Bucky's death. If I need to turn off your brain I will. If I have to repeat it until I go mute, I will. You understand?"
He smirked as he turned and stepped back to her. "Quiet now?" he chuckled. "And here I want you to open your mouth."
She couldn't let this get to her, or she would lose it. She needed to get her shit together.
"He is not winning. I am simply buying my time," he said, crossing back to Toni and grabbing her face. He held her face tight, bruising her cheeks, as he forced her to look at him. "He can attempt to destroy this base, but he will only meet his end. Maybe, once I kill him in front of you, you will submit to me."
"Natasha," Steve sneered, warning her with his tone.
Barnes is smiling. "You know me, Stevie," he says. "I don't share well."
"I-" Steve started but was interrupted by an explosion that rocketed through the ship sending them all to the ground. For a second, everyone was in the daze as the craft shook below them, and it took Steve a seconds for him to regain his composure. It was a second later that his mind went to Toni, who was struggling to her feet.
Toni woke up covered in sweat. She would've screamed if she could've, but her throat felt like it was on fire. The dream felt so real that she had to lift up her shirt to make sure she hadn't been stabbed. Though she knew it was a fucken dream, she expected there to be blood. "What's wrong with me?" she asked as she was bent over trying to catch her breath.
"You don't find it odd?" She asked, staring at it.
Phillips laughed again. "Impossible for Sark."
Toni pretended to be hurt. "C'mon, I'm not as bad as Barnes."
One of the elderly gentlemen smiled lightly as he spoke, "She had gone through a lot. It's best if there isn't people coming at her from every direction."
"Toni, you aren't sleeping. Not dreaming," she muttered to herself, trying to make sure this wasn't a dream. "Yup, there's a ring in that box." She slapped her cheeks a few times.
"Toni!"
words. Get your mind out of the gutter, Tony!" He's staring at Tony as if he's daring him to say something. When the genius doesn't, Jim continues, "And for some scary reason, Vision agrees to help, which is frightening. Those two teaming up is terrifying. So glad that I'm not you." There's a grin on his chest.
"You do not speak," Schmidt said as he stepped toward. "You have nothing to fear, Corporal Sark, well as long as you tell me what I want to know. I promise I will not hurt you."
"If you say so."
After what seemed like a few long minutes -though only a few seconds-, Toni was able to free her legs from the rubble. She left out a harsh sigh as she struggled to get to her feet. She wimbled on her feet as she slowly made her way toward the Savin. She only spared him a glance before kneeling and stealing his car keys.
"It is not time for our fight, Captain," the Red Skull stated as he turned. "You are not ready. You are foolish for you are controlled by your emotions."
Toni eyed him. "Yea, so it is okay that you sleep around but not me? Geez, double standard."
Steve laughed as he took a bit of his sandwich. "Ain't that the truth," he said.
And I hope you don't find Toni too annoying in this chapter and the next. She is going to be Guilt Ridden in the next couple of chapters.
"Yes." Forcing back his blush, Steve met Rhodes' stare, as he wanted nothing more than to change the subject. He had no interest in talking about Toni's past love life. No interest whatever so. "And you not going to give me the 'hurt her and I kill you speech,'?" he asked.
Toni saw Bruce down the hall, staring at something in his hand, but with her rapidly beating heart, the first thing that popped into her mind was bolting without not saying a word. She couldn't deal with being around people, and that conversion with Rogers made it all worse. She couldn't stand to be here anymore, and without a second thought, Toni made her way toward the garage.
Toni let out another groan as she started to count the number she had been taken. If Clint ever found out, he really would have a field day. "Rub it in why don't you," she said, annoyed.
"And you swear it isn't illegal or breaking any laws of any realm," she asked.
The Asset's Brunette and The Beefy Blonde
"Well, you remember that with your second girlfriend."
"What the hell?" she whispered as she had to jump over Rogers' body. "Idiot." She said, kneeing down. "That mustn't be comfortable." Hesitating for a second, she brushed the hair out of Rogers' eyes. "You're too cute for your own good," she admitted. She would never say that to his face as she would never hear the end of it. As she stood up, she looked over Rogers, who looked smaller than normal. He didn't take up much room on the floor.
"That was what my nannies told me when I was a child." She had gone through many nannies in her youth.
She suppressed the groan in throat as she eyed the IV. She couldn't believe she had let herself to degrade to this point, but she also hated that she had fainted in front of Howard. What must he think of her? "I need to get out of here," she replied, turning to her father. She couldn't believe how weak she'd been – despite years of going by with little sleep since her parent's deaths, she had never passed out, so why had her body chosen to do so now, in front of Howard?
"Not your fault," he said.
Tony closes his eyes, as he leans into Barnes' chest. "We all have nightmares, Barnes," he says. It comes out harsher than he tends, and he hates himself for it, because Bucky's nightmares are ten times worse than the normal person. "I hadn't been sleeping at all either."
He hates how these two make him believe that love is possible, when he knows it isn't. He wants to go back in time before he knows how amazing love feels. He wants to forget how much he likes it, because this heart ache is too much. Shaking his head, he turns away from the Brooklyn Twins and hides his face between Rhodey and the couch. He can't bear to see the rejection on their faces. He can't bear to see them hate him. He just can't. "Jim," he utters soft and shaky.
Why couldn't she just listen? It was frustrating him to no end and he was left pondering why or how he was in love with this woman. How could he love someone who stood against everything that he stood for? He liked order and structure, but she loved disobedience and madness. She didn't listen no matter what the subject was and he just wanted her to shut up and listen. However, the only way he would think of doing that was just to grab her and kiss her, which was what he wanted to do so badly. He wanted to hold her tightly and kissed her until she shut up.
"Sark," he stated. "Are you going to stop calling me Salty?" He eyed her. "I don't need my men to hear that."
Maybe, the genius could just give
"What did I say that got you thinking?"
"Where's my device?" Toni snapped, shooting to her feet. It felt good to stand after being force to sit for countless hours, and she had no desire to sit again for a while.
"Stark, don't be an idiot," he stated. "You can't stay in there all day. You have to come out and eat."
The spy gets to her feet as she takes a deep breath. "I didn't think this had to be said, but I guess it does. I'm
"What do you mean not in the tower? Where the hell is my suit?" she asked annoyed. She didn't care how long she was gone for. No one touched her suits, no matter what. Sure, Pepper and Rhodey had permission to fly the suit, but they knew better than to just take it.
"Why do you blame me?" he replied, coldly. "You know her."
What was with people wanting her to talk? Sure, talking about engines and fuel intakes was one thing, but she couldn't talk about her heart. She didn't have the heart, remember? "Why do you care?" she asked. It came out harsher than she intended, but she didn't care. She just wanted to know why he cared.
someone out there. This person had been watching her as she tested the Mark 42, and Toni was going to find out who the hell this person thought he was. "JARVIS, give me the Mark 7," she said, pushing pieces of the Mark 42 armor away. She eyed the shadow as it vanished into the darkness behind it.
Maya looked alarmed, and if Toni didn't already hate the woman, she
It took only a few seconds for JARVIS to answer. "You and Captain Rogers are trending. One million hits and counting."
The very idea of working with her father annoyed the hell out of her. How could she work with someone like him? He couldn't see pass his big ego, but then again, there were
Salty stepped to the door to check on Peggy, who was now crying into the microphone as she was calling out Steve's name repeatedly. Phillips took a deep breath as he turned back to Toni and let out a slowly sigh. He stood there in silence, thinking, and it wasn't until a few seconds later that he spoke. "I never realize how much I liked Rogers until right now. He was a fine man."
friends. See? No issue. Now go."
Stupid Movie."
Shaking her head, she snapped out of her thoughts. "So again, Sassy, what do you want?" she asked as she rubbed her forehead. She was starting to get a headache.
However, if they love him, they would say it, right? Okay, they said it before when they were getting Tony to agree to a poly relationship, but they hadn't said it since. Was it mistake before? Did they not mean it? Did they learn that he isn't worth it? Or maybe, they didn't mean it? They never say those words around him, even if it's to each other, and he knows the Brooklyn Twins love each other, dearly and truly, but they don't say those words in front of him. They say those words to each other, when Tony isn't around, and he knows this because he has entered a room and come across them in mid-sentence. Granted, they don't even need to say it to each other, because he can see it in their eyes whenever they look at each other. It's like they're having eye sex, which he isn't a part of it.
She buried her face in her father's chest. He had no idea of how badly she needed a life line or how bad she needed this, but she couldn't understand why he was here. He should hate her. He should want nothing to do with her, like so many others. Maybe, it was because he didn't know everything that she did. He didn't know where Rogers was and that she could lead them right toward him. He could be back with them.
"She seemed to be an impressive woman," Agent Carter stated as she entered the room.
There was no doubt that he would have to face the Beefy Blond in order to get the Brunette, and like most men, he had had a desire to show his strength, so he could impress him. Even if he looked past that desire, there was a part of him that wanted to see that fight. Sure, he didn't know the abilities of the Beefy Blond, but he didn't doubt his own abilities. There was a reason why he was Hydra's best tool, as there aren't many who could best him, even on his worst day. It was these invaluable skills that could attract the Brunette to him… though why did he want the Brunette? What purpose would she serve for him?
"That's a given."
Feeling a cold draft, she broke from her train of thought and forced her eyes open. She was alone in a dark room, which looked like some kind of a lab, and it looked relatively used. Blood strained the floor and walls, and there were large scratches on the tables. What were they doing in this lab?
"Hey," Steve said again. "Look at me, Toni." He waited a second, waiting for her to pick up her head. "Toni." He called against softly, when she didn't answer. "There we go," he said, when she slowly picked up her head and looked at him. "I'm here. I'm not going anywhere."
"W..W-what?" he shuttered, which was so not Barnes like. It made her laugh, even if she was mad at him.
"So is Toni still sleeping?" Steve asked, changing the subject.
"It's only a matter of time before something or someone that's stronger than Loki comes along. When that does, we'll need all of the Avengers." Fury took a deep breath. "It's for the best."
"And I have no doubt you can," he replied with a weak smile as he rubbed his shoulder.
He rubbed his chin as he exhaled slowly. "And you don't like to answer questions."
"Had a lot of nannies, did you? I guess I can understand why you don't get along with your father." He leaned back against his desk and looked at her.
"Oh, how I missed thee," Clint whined as he stepped to the sofa and face planted into it. He didn't move an inch once he was face first in the cushions. He just laid there.
"You are touchy." She put on a smile. "Maybe, I'm right."
- though if she was honest with herself, this wasn't the first time that she met someone who gave her the vibe. However, this one was different. Toni was
"Miss, I highly recommend you sleep," JARVIS spoke as soon as Toni walked back into the lab.
*O*O*
Toni turned to him with a glare on her face. "Stop what? The truth?"
Steve knew he was right, but it hurt to hear him say it. He didn't want to leave her alone; he finally found her, and he wanted to see her, hold her, kiss her, and never let her go again. And this time, they might have a chance. "How did you figure that out?" he asked. He wanted to protest and say that he could go and see Toni without changing the past.
The Lion's Prey
"I…" she started with a deep sigh, as she turned to the door. "I don't know if I can answer handle questions right now." It wasn't a complete lie, because she wasn't really yet to talk about what happened. It was all so raw in her head. "Not all at once. I don't know if I can answer them." She didn't know if she wanted to answer them.
, Toni thought, flashing back to the night before. With dread, she could feel the cold sweat rushing back. Just thinking of about Barnes sent icy chills down her back in ways that she hadn't experienced before. Even now in
That voice snapped Toni out of her thoughts and brought her glance up. To her annoyance, Loki was back, and he was wearing the same baggy thing as before; however, there was a change in his facial expression. He seemed joyous like he just won a major battle and he was ready to gloat. "I'm really getting sick of your ugly face," she said, frustrated
"I'm surprised there isn't a hole in that door yet," Clint said, taking a slip.
There weren't many things—not that it happened a lot—that pissed off the Asset, but right now, the Asset was pissed, beyond pissed, though he didn't report it to his handlers. He only gave the bare boned facts to his strict handlers, who had seemed to be displeased by the day's events—though they never seemed pleased. After learning what happened to woman, they had ordered him back with no specific reason and tried to get him back in the ice, but he had no interest in doing so. His interest laid in finding the Brunette, who had disappeared in the panic.
"And do you think she'll return it?" Steve asked as he got up and slowly crossed to the long panel of windows. He stared down at the crowd as he thought about their lives. They were the lucky ones; they had no idea of what was going on. They had no idea that Toni Stark was missing. They had no idea of how much danger they were in.
"Are they coming back? The aliens?" It seemed like he was hyped up on sugar as the boy kept going.
"A quick bite to eat and then we are off to London," she answered, very bitterly. "I assume you know you're coming with us? The Colonel wants to keep an eye on you."
*O*O*
"What kind of questions are these?" she asked. Was Sharon playing games with her?
She smiles at him. "I said you were too stupid to die," she says, taking a seat at one of the chairs at the table.
"Whatever you have to do," Barnes started as he pushed a metal table in front of the door. "Do it now."
"Stupid," he mutters to himself as he stares down at one of his experiments. He tries to ignore the chaos around him and in his head, as he focuses his work, which at times can calm him. He tries to ignore Dum-E at the lab door, still holding a fire extinguisher. He tries to ignore U, making a large mess in the small kitchen. He keeps his eyes on the countless blueprints in front of him. He has lost count of how many open experiments he currently has, as he keeps pouring out new tech. After he had locked himself in his lab and his mind, the genius has barely slept, and without sleep, the only way he can keep himself sane is to work, which is great for his company… bad for him. Plus, a tired, grumpy, moody Tony Stark isn't good for anyone.
It was here that she started to lose track of what he was saying. Between getting lost in his eyes and distracted by his hand, which rubbed her back in a cyclical motion, she didn't know what was going on, but she knew it wasn't good and this couldn't continue; however, she didn't know if she could push him away. There was something relaxing about being in his arms, which was different than all the other arms she had been in.
Steve's hand twitched at his side as he eyed Toni. "Let's get a move on, then," he said.
"This better be important, Sark," he stated, sticking to Toni's fake last name.
"Thanks, JARVIS," Steve replied, as he finally let go of the Genius and untangled their legs. He smiled at her as he turned away from Toni. "We'll be down shortly to see him. I want him to check out Toni's ankle."
"We can watch
Howard's grip tightened around her. "Toni," he yelled again. It was a distance yelling as the feeling in her body started to disappear. Everything around her followed form, and it wasn't long before her body and mind gave out on her.
"I can help you with this. I'm not sure what you're trying to do, but I don't own Stark industries for nothing."
Toni didn't remember much about the device's explosion or what happened in the field. Her memories were shakily at best and she really had no idea of the power behind the device. If she had to judge by her broken arm and swore body, it wasn't fun. "Afraid to hurt a woman?" she asked annoyed.
Barnes was right to his word and didn't go to Tony to repair his arm, and though that's exactly what Tony wants, it doesn't feel right. It feels like he has been rejected on all levels, like someone has stabbed him in the heart. Sure, Tony isn't a nice or friendly person, but his work, his mind is the only thing that Tony can offer the world… though after the Ultron situation, no one wants his mind anymore. So what good is he? This is why he had sent all of the arm's specs to the tech Barnes went to fix his arm. It's why he answers every question, repeating himself a hundred of times to make sure the tech got it right. He has to be useful. Has to. He can't be burden. He just can't. He can't prove his father right.
"Then just turn it down, so we can think," Steve responded.
people? Why can't we just throw the stuff on?" she asked.
Barnes turned slight red as he turned away. "I-I…wasn't looking. I thought I saw something."
No, she did not blow up all her suits, and she would like to slap Barton every time he said it. Clearly, he failed kindergarten and couldn't count, because she kept three. Yes, three of those bad boys. The rest—which were all damage anyhow—were fireworks, expensive fireworks. Though money was never her thing or something that she thought/worried about, she couldn't help but wonder how much money she just blew up. Would Pepper's head explode if she saw the dollar amount? She knew Clint's head would explode. Probably go on and on about how what he could buy with that money. He would probably go on about an Island.
*O*O*
"And you think I'm a hand full," she stated as she laid down. "I don't need a cupid, but if you want to return the favor, you can get me one of those hydra cores."
Toni wasn't an idiot, and she knew without it being said that she wasn't invited to the 'party'. Yes, she was insulted just on principle, but it wasn't like she really cared about their highly classified missions; though if she did, she could easily have hacked into SHIELD and find out. The Pirate wasn't as smart as he thought he was, and she could break in without breaking a sweat. Fury would like to think his security system was great, but nothing could stop her when her mind was made up. "Not a part of the boy band? Geez, tell me how you really feel."
Bucky crossed to him. "She's having a nightmare." He wasn't sure what to do to help with nightmares, but he was sure that they couldn't just leave her.
"Why?" he stated
"Yeah, I do," he said, stepping forward, so close that he could wrap his arms around her. "Are you okay?" His arms were twitching at his side, as he itched to hold her.
Toni put on a small smile. "Geez, thanks," she said. "I feel so loved." Why was it so tough to keep up her normal facade? It was a struggle to smile, because she didn't want to smile. It was too much work to smile when she felt like crap.
"He will, and he will be the only Super Soldier that Erskine will produce." Toni stared at him, knowing that she was saying too much already. She could already be risking the future.
Toni chuckled as she pushed against his chest. "Note to self: Stop making arrows for Barton."
"I know how to get you back."
Tony doesn't know what to do with all of this knowledge, but he doesn't like the fact that everyone thinks he belongs with the Brooklyn Twins. He doesn't like the feeling in his gut, telling him that he likes that idea. "Not dating."
She didn't know how much time had passed, but she was at the alley's mouth before she knew it. She was practically faced down in the snow before she realized it. The freezing snow was almost refreshing as she breathed in the icily slush. It was like a cold snap to the hot nightmares that were forcing their forward, ripping apart her sanity. "Ah man, you did it, didn't you? You happy now?" she said, slowly as she took a few deep breaths.
"She was the ten foot range."
For one, the Super Soldier is currently dating the other Super Soldier in the tower, which comes to no surprise to the genius, as he knows the rumors well enough. Growing up, he had heard a few things about the two, which his dear old dad didn't like. Howard bit off the head of anyone who suggested that Rogers had a thing with Barnes, and no one, even Peggy, was safe from it. Tony was surprised that Howard hadn't killed anyone over it, as he bitched, making sure everyone knew that Rogers was straight. Tony wonders what his father would do now if he knew.
"We're ready to go!" Howard said as he climbed aboard and made his way toward the front of the plane. In one hand, he held Toni's device in a hard metal case, while he held a briefcase in the other. "Everything's in order, and we'll be taking off in five."
"You have broken into Stark Industries for a weapon."
It was during this yelling match with every eye on Steve that Toni disappeared. She could lie and say that she couldn't handle the yelling, but that wasn't the case. Growing up a Stark, she had gotten use to yelling echoing the halls of wherever she was; the real reason was that there were so many things Toni didn't want to tell Fury. There were things that she wanted to keep to herself, things that she would rather forget. One, the knowledge that her Father knew of his death, because she couldn't deal with that. It just
Barnes broke out laughing, causing them both to stare at him. "Were you two on a date? And here, I'm flirting with her." He paused. "…You're calling him Steve now?"
"It depends on how you look at it. The way I look at things everything is."
"He'd tried," Natasha states as she pushes herself up. "Barnes already shot him down, saying he only cooks for two fellas and he isn't one of them." She's giving Tony a look, and it's like her eyes are drilling into him. "We left as Steve was laughing himself to death."
It made sense, but it still felt like a betrayal to let someone touch the suit. "And who's going to fly it?"
"Anyhow, that reminds me. Colonel Phillips wants to speak to you."
She knew how he felt. "It's fine, Steve." She would be insulted as well if someone tried to save her.
"No, I am not their territory." He replies coldly.
"Pulling rank on me,
Pierce turned to Sharon, his look cold. "Miss Stark refused SHIELD protection at the hospital. I do not know where she went; though, I assume her to fix her Suit. She has a one-track mind."
Toni raised her eyebrow at the sight of Steve and Barnes. Between a laughing Barnes, who looked ready to faint due to a lack of air, and a blood red Steve, who had never been on a date in his life (or even held hands with a woman), she didn't know which was funnier. "No, we weren't. We just went to see a movie together. Steve needed some cheering up." She glared. "But then he left me alone in the theater!"
"So you would be able to kick her out on the streets?"
She wanted to look away, but his eyes held her in place. He was wearing dress pants and a tan dress shirt signaling that he would be leaving for the Military soon. There was a part of her that wanted to tell him not to go, but she knew it would be stupid if she did. "I'm fine."
After a few short breaths, Toni kicked her feet over the cot, as she had to find a way to distract herself. When nightmares plagued her, there was only one place, or rather one thing, that could relax her and that was the lab. Creating and learning new things was one of few things that could distract her from the pain that she was feeling. It kept her sane, though Pepper and Rhodey wouldn't agree. She had gone days with little to no sleep, making herself sick, but it hadn't and wouldn't stop her from doing it.
She might as well show them now and get this over with as they would notice soon enough. She took another deep breath, as she wiped her tears again. "You guys are worrying for nothing," she declared, turning around. She tried her best to put on a smile as she stared them down. With his arms folded across his chest, Barnes was leaning against the counter, and Steve was standing in front of the couch. She could see the looks on their faces when they laid their eyes on her. She did not like it one bit.
"Come on, Stark," the man said annoyed, his voice becoming clear. She was definitely sure now that she hadn't heard his voice before. She would've remembered his irritated voice. "We don't have time for this."
The Elder Stark glared at the Colonel before he turned to Toni. "That's isn't what I meant."
Granted... you might not haha.
"That goes to my second theory," he answered, leaning down against the table.
JARVIS spoke again, "No, she left 3.5 hours ago."
He put down his binoculars and turned to her. "Are we going to play that game?" he asked as he returned the binoculars to their pouch.
Phillips knew, due to her freak out earlier, that taking it out would kill her, but her statement got him wondering. Did something force that device on her? Or did something happen to her that forced her to take it? He guessed it would have to do with what it did. Did it keep her heart beating like pacemaker did? If it did, why would a young thing like her need one of those? However, it might not have anything to do with her heart. Maybe it had to do with her blood. She might've been poisoned and that device could be keeping her blood clean. Or maybe, it kept her safe from someone. He didn't know what it did but he was going to find out.
"What do you have there?" Toni suppressed her flinch and slammed the journal shut in the hopes to hide her designs.
Steve gave her an exhausted look, hoping she would let this go, as he didn't want to talk about this with her. He didn't want to talk about this with anyone. With Fury running him all over the world on nonstop missions, he wanted was to sleep, granted that was harder to do nowadays. If he could sleep, he wouldn't be running at 4 in the morning, but that didn't mean that he didn't try to sleep. He did. "I don't much attention to their shit." He said, wishing he could just cuddle up with Toni. There was no denying that he slept better with her. Would anyone notice him disappearing?
"You thought what? That if you're nice, I would have sex with you?" she asked, hissing. The man just looked at her as if she had shot him. "Just leave me alone."
"Oh, really," Falsworth stated with a huge smile.
"You're the one who thinks she's god gift to humanity."
She stopped laughing and stared at her boyfriend—yes, boyfriend. Even now, it was hard to believe that she was dating someone. That she was committed to someone;
Phillips looked at Toni. "Then handcuff her and let's go."
"я никогда тебя не отпущу."
He was awfully confident – it was like he hadn't just been saying she would think him crazy if he was wrong. Something must have given her away the moment he'd mentioned family.
Toni glanced at him sideways, studying him. He was up to something as he knew better than to get this close to her. She narrowed her eyes at her filthy father, who was covered from head to toe in some kind of Hydraulic fluid. He also looked like he hadn't been sleeping, which worried her slightly. Just Slightly. It wasn't because she cared; she just didn't want him to work himself to death. He needed to be alive to meet her mother. "When the last time you slept or took a shower?" she asked. "You smell."
He snorted. "We must have different dictionaries. But in all honest, how are you?"
Rogers narrowed his eyes as he opened the file. His eyes widen at the sight of the picture. "What is this?"
"What happened?" Steve asked, looking down at her. "How did you get hurt?"
"You did beat up a nurse."
Howard took a key out of his pocket and slid it to Toni, who scooped it up immediately. "Don't worry about it. Just know you'll be spending lots of time with me, which makes you the luckiest lady on the planet. Lots of women would love that chance."
security system in the world, though the AI was much more than a security system, much more, and nothing could and would get passed the overprotective AI, who would always protect her. JARVIS would and could destroy anything that dared to hurt the genius, and there wasn't a soul that didn't know that. Anyone who dared to doubt JARVIS was up for a rude awaking, which was something that Toni took comfort in. It was what kept her sane—mostly sane.
? Without any advice from your
Steve laughed as he checked the ankle brace. His face turned seriously, seeing the discolored skin. "You need to tell me if you're hurting," he said, flatly.
There was something about his voice that threw Toni, but she pushed it aside. She didn't need to worry about that.
Toni's eyes twitched. "Why?" She asked, giving the JARVIS a look. "…Wait, scratch that. It doesn't matter, because I don't share for any reason. Sharing is not caring."
His hands dropped to her waist, holding her close. "Well, I am a Captain."
Sam let out a chuckle, while mocking them. "TMI, man. TMI. I'm not like the rest of the world. I do
"He's right, Toni. It isn't your fault," Peggy said, interrupting them. The way she talked and walked, it was clear that she was unsure of herself. "No one blames you.
"How would you know you are stubborn?" he asked.
"I thought you would like to know, so you know how much he cares."
Listening to Rogers go off like that, just pissed Toni the hell, but she remained quiet for now. Though he infuriated her with his chauvinist ass, she wanted to listen to what Phillips had to say.
"Then where is she, you stupid AI?" Barton said.
"Why not?" Steve asked. "Stark could be hurt!"
The Private regained his composer and stepped toward Toni, who could see his anger as he grabbed her. "You-"
Toni stared at the watch on her wrist; she had set the clock to match her watch, which she could swear by. "Are you sure?" She pulled out her cellphone from her jean pocket and switched it on. When the screen lit up, she noticed the time stamp. It was an hour behind her watch. "Interesting."
"Well, it makes sense. The ship was dirty, Fury needed a way in, and so do you." Natasha pushed off the wall, as she pocketed the flash drive.
Phillips took a deep breath. "I didn't think I need to say this, but it isn't fair to him. You don't belong here…" He paused. "He belongs with… Agent Carter."
Maya turned from Toni and took a few steps back. "Help me, and we will let you go."
Barnes straightened himself up and walked to her. "Toni," he called when he was a few feet from her. He reached out to her, but she turned away. "He did this, didn't he?"
Toni glanced at Barnes for a second before turning away. "Nope." He was giving her a look, but she just smiled at him.
Rogers laughed. "Why shouldn't I? My asthma alone makes me ineligible." He stood up and crossed to the window. "And let's not forget my color blindness."
Her face soften a bit as she looked at him. Was this why Steve seemed out of it? Or was it something else happening? And why happened to Toni make cause her to need 'space'?
She glanced at him before she continued her walk. "Why are you telling me this?"
Tony isn't sure what will happen, but he can't keeping running from his problems. Sure, he thinks love is a curse, but he can't be afraid anymore. He has to face the fear growing in his chest, even if this thing is impossible.
Stepping back from the oven, Steve turned to her and rounded the counter. Facing her, he gave her the once over, lingering on her legs. "What do you mean by that?" he asked, bringing his eyes to her face. "I mean I love your face and all, but I don't think…Nope." He paused, making a face. He looked almost pained. "They probably would, and nope. I don't want to think about that."
"She didn't tell you?" Toni asked shocked. She wasn't expecting that. If she told Barnes, why wouldn't she tell Steve? She was really playing cupid, which Toni told her not to do.
Giving her fellow Scientist a smirk, Toni pushed herself up as she tried to control her frantic breathing. Leaning on her good leg, her eyes scanned the room, as she tried to figure out what she had missed in her panic—not panic attack. When she got up, she noticed Clint staring at her as well, eyeing her every movement. She wasn't sure what he was thinking, but she knew he couldn't read her like Bruce could. Smiling, Toni turned from Clint and limped her way toward Steve, Natasha, and the Stalker SHEILD agent.
A loud bang echoed across the makeshift lab, drawing everyone's attention. "Let her go!" Maya said loudly, reaching for another Extremis injector. After raising it to her neck, everything happened at super speed, and before Toni realized it, Killian stepped away and a gunshot rattled the room. In seconds, Maya was face down on the ground, bleeding, and she was a dead white, almost ghost like. Though it was a battle, Maya wasn't dead yet, but she was in extreme pain and would be dead soon judging by the amount of blood.
She glanced at him. "Not now." Her voice stiff.
Toni's heart raced as it wasn't JARVIS who spoke. Turning around slowly, the genius came face to face with the last person that she wanted to see. How the hell was this possible? How did he find her here? Why did he even look for her? "S-Rogers…" she uttered, clearly shocked.
Toni stopped and turned back to Barnes, who was a few feet behind her. "Where's the fun in that?" she asked, smiling.
Words played overhead, louder than normal so it could be heard over the crowd. "Best friends since childhood, Bucky Barnes and Steven Rogers were inseparable on both school yard and battlefield. Barnes is the only Howling commando to give his life in service of his country." It was an odd feeling to see those pictures, to see that smile.
She told herself.
"Hey, I take offense to that!" She paused as she narrowed her eyes. "I'm good with explosives. And if I don't get it, you'll be stuck with charming old me!"
The Asset didn't move. He didn't respond or agreed. He wasn't doing anything. There was nothing he could do, besides listen. That was the only thing he was allowed to do, even if he wanted to do something. She was his, and this man was threating her. He did not like it, but he could do nothing. He was nothing.
"Not everything is about you, Howard," Peggy said, glancing between the two before she stepped to Toni. It was clear that she had seen his pain as well. "In the beginning, Toni, I wasn't your fan and I didn't trust you," Peggy stated, changing the subject. "I was ready to write you off, and I was annoyed when Phillips didn't, but now, I see that I was mistake. I'm sorry for how I treated you."
"I wish you would stop calling me back, but at least, you didn't call me that in front of my Officers."
Loki, still wearing the same ratty thing as before, stood and stepped to the bed. "I was going to say favorite toy." His fingers traced the edge of the bed.
"Insanity is a relative word," Madame Hydra said. She stepped away from Toni, pulling her hair harshly as she walked away. "Just kill him already."
Toni stared at him, breathing deeply, as she tried to control her breathing. "Let it go. Why don't you go find Carter and bother her?" She hated that he kissed Peggy, even if she shouldn't care.
Steve's fist balled at his side, shaking slightly. "She was cruel. The things she said."
With each passing second, she was getting angrier. Though being a Stark made her who she was, she wondered what it would have been like if she wasn't raised by an ass, who was hardly around in the first place. Seriously, he liked to pawn her off whenever he could. No, she
she will, and I won't ever be able to look at apple pie again, and I love apple pie."
Thanks for Wintersupersoldiers, who puts up with me and my crazyiness.
Jones let out a sigh as he wobbled to his grandson. Each step looked painful to the old man, but he never showed it on his face. He was all smiles. "And we can't have that," he said, rubbing Trip's bold head. "Why don't you have hair?" he teased. "This would be better if you had hair."
could be solved with explosions.
"I guess."
"Do not," Clint replied. "But I will say she's annoying like a cat. Only want attention on her terms."
she thought. That had to be why she couldn't remember! She opened her eyes and glanced down at her faded reactor which was exposed to the world to see. Why was her shirt open? What happened?
Anger flashed through Toni as she spoke, "You have some nerve, Rogers. Some fucking nerve. First, you kiss me, then you kiss Sassy Pants. What can't make up your mind? Then I start to open up to Stark for only God knows why and you get pissy."
"But she would be taking after you!" Peggy replied, with a chuckle.
Toni didn't answer Rogers, as she stared at him with an unforgiving stare. It was Bruce, who spoke, "Easy, Steve. Let her collect herself. Give her some time."
she told herself. Taking a deep breath, she made her way to the crowd that was forming.
"Don't make me hurt you." Toni glanced down at her feet before looking over her should. "And you don't need to hoover." Why did people keep calling her a dame? She hated that word.
"Where are you going?" Natasha asked, eyeing Steve.
"T-oni."
Steve was scowling at Barton, annoyed at his inability to take anything seriously. Did he not understand that Toni needed to rest? Did he not see the state that Toni was in at the camp? However, in his defense, Toni was the master of masks, and she seemed like a completely different person when the movie started. She was like her old self.
However, he was unable to do that. Just as the Beefy Blonde came down to block the fireball from hitting her (an action that he would kill everyone for), his handlers came up behind him, hidden by his distraction. With mere strength, they couldn't take him down, not even with his mind in a fog, but they didn't come only with their fists. They came at him with everything, which included a range of drugs and shock weapons, and the Asset could do nothing but submit. He was powerless to do anything as they attacked him.
She smiled brightly as she looked up at him. It was like last night was completely forgotten and she hadn't freaked out on him. "Well what the point of having a strong, handsome soldier if he doesn't carry me around like a princess?" she asked, grinning. "So hope to it."
to be a good thing for the super soldier.
"I'm fine," Toni stated as she hid her hand under the table.
All she could think about was Steve.
that she didn't have any idea of what happened, and she still had no idea of what was going on. She had no idea of what Loki's plan was, though it was clear that he was up to no good. That man was never up to any good, and he would stab you in the back as soon as he could. Then, there was that weird life like dream she had about the S.T.R.I.K.E. team. Did it happen? Or was she just crazy? She was so exhausted that anything was possible. "Probably a few wires crossed, besides it wasn't too bad. Nothing happened, but I do wish that I would've bought some stock in some companies though."
She hated the idea that she was weak and need someone to protect her. "Like I need help," she said, struggling against the female commander, whose name still escaped her. If Toni wasn't pissed or if she cared at all, she would ask for the woman's name, but that was a sign of respect. She did not respect this woman.
, and she needed more than his voice. His voice at times felt like a slap in the face when all she wanted was him. She needed him, goddamn it. She couldn't deal with reality without him. She couldn't deal with the ghosts without him. And again, goddamn, she
Her eye twitched. He of all people was not allowed to call her Sark. "I ready when you are, Barnes." She stated, stressing his last name. He had been like this since she admitted that she wasn't innocent. Sure in this time, women wouldn't admit that, but she thought he would get over it. Maybe, that was why he was chasing her. He wanted to steal her innocence. Figures, she thought, annoyed. Was all men like that? Granted, she was sex craze at times, so maybe, she couldn't talk.
The genius let a heavy sigh. "Okay, I
"Miss," JARVIS greeted as the suit closed around her. "My diagnosis is that you've experienced a severe anxiety attack," he added without missing a beat.
So here you go. Let me know what you think.
*O*O*
That pity annoyed her, because it wasn't needed. These injures were nothing, and she could deal.
men. Sure, she knew how it felt to be in a fire fight, but this was different. She felt like she was
About 4 in the morning, Toni found herself startled awake in a puddle of cold sweat. Considering how many sleeping pills she had taken before she had went to bed, she expected to be out until morning. "JARVIS," she whined, loudly. "What the hell?"
"Fonduing? Is that what the kids are calling it?" Clint grinned. "Fonduing? Natasha, want to fondue?"
her thoughts, or what she thought was her thoughts. She wasn't sure anymore. At least, the pain was gone thought, right?
Of course it made her weak. Nightmares were for people who had fears and fears made you weak. Nightmares where for people who didn't know how to control their emotions.
"I'm seeing a ghost," he said, just staring at him.
"No, you aren't."
The assassin gives him a look. "Wanda's idea," she says. "She thought you'll be comfortable in here. She seems to care about you… well, for the moment."
Getting down on her knees, Toni kneeled down in front of her father's headstone. Her fingers traced the deep engraving of her father's name as she fought back the tears that were forming in her eyes. It wasn't fair. Sure growing up, she hated the man, who never seemed to care about her, but after getting to know him, she realized it wasn't the case. She didn't know what was going on in his head, but she knew he cared.
"I can't get men to dote on me hand and foot if I was," she teased. Joking with him felt nice.
him. Their looks compliment the other, and even, their personalities are a good match. They're the perfect fit for the other as they balance the other, and that balance doesn't include Tony. He sees it now, and he'll only hurt this perfect couple if he stays—not that he can. He, Tony Stark, is a completely asshole, who cares for no one but himself unlike these two. Just look at them. They save cats from trees while he just laughs. "I'm fine," he says, unsure what else to say. What can he say to Bucky?
"And I will handle, Fury," Clint said, taking a step forward. There was a look in his eyes that even Steve would be weary of; it screamed fight. It screamed that he was ready to ride into battle and win, and only a fool would doubt him. "You stay here and take care of Stark, Rogers. Nat and I will take care of Fury."
"Toni."
"I'm here, because that's the only way Salty would let me go," she explained. She couldn't tell him the full truth, but she hoped that would work. "I disliked that I left you like that. I'm truly sorry." She gave him the biggest puppy dog eyes that she could muster.
Shaking her head, she stepped out of her Iron Man suit and onto the roof of Steve's crappy apartment building. Was it fair to call it crappy? Granted, she did think everything that wasn't her tower was crappy, and besides, his apartment
When Tony comes to, the pain's gone, completely gone like he's on the good stuff, but unlike with the good stuff, the room's spinning and not the good kind of spinning. It's the pukey kind of spinning, and who likes that? Everything's moving too fast for him, and he doesn't know what to think. For once, he doesn't know how to. There're too many questions in his head, and they're coming at him at a rapid speed. He doesn't know how to answer any of them.
Steve's eye twitched as his shield slammed back into his hand, after being thrown at a few enemy combatants. "She didn't say no," he replied for the hundredth time, not even sure why he was answering him. He tried to keep his face blank but failing. Ever since Barton learned of the proposal being a spy that he was, he hadn't stopped bugging Steve about it like a child whining about opening gifts, and the Captain was getting annoyed.
"Think what you want, Rogers. I'm done," she said as she exited the Robotic labs.
She let out a small laugh. "It sounds corny, I know. Just don't give up, Steve."
Forcing her eyes open, Toni was met with a surprise, not that she should have been. She knew she shouldn't have any doubt in Steve, even if there were parts of her who only saw doubts, as nothing could keep that man away, well if she didn't count herself. She was an ass. However, Steve would always be there for her, no matter what, and she needed to get used to it and stop testing him. "Cap," she uttered as Steve stood between, acting like a shield. He was being the person he was always meant to be. He was being a hero, a Savior.
"Okay, that table is worth someone's monthly salary and can probably withstand a tap dance, but I'm in no way, shape or form standing on it," she said, giving him a look. Her legs were finally back to normal, and she could jump for joy, but she was too focus on the crazy man standing on Pepper's glass table.
"Soviet made?" Natasha asked, ignoring Toni.
Rogers took a step forward Toni. "I don't like this," he stated. "She doesn't need to go. Stark can teach someone else."
With a long deep breath, Toni wiped the still lingering tears from her face. If Sharon noticed the action, she didn't comment on it. "More like a Spock fan. I can't lie. He was
Yes, the Asset forgot about her, but it didn't last. When he finally saw her in face to face, it came flooding back, and it was a struggle to obey his conditioning, his training. It was a struggle not to steal her away and disappear. They didn't speak, but his eyes were glued on her as his comrade held her, trying to awaken her. He couldn't look away, as he struggled to figure out why she was a trigger for him. Why did he want to kill his comrade for merely touching her? Why was he feeling anything at all? He was an asset. A tool. He wasn't supposed to feel. He wasn't supposed to care.
It was freaken freezing in the room, which made Toni want to beat someone. Did they really think they could get her to talk when she was frozen to the death? She didn't think so. They could just send the Doctor in, who seemed to be able to get through her defenses. I wonder who they would send in next. If they sent in her father, it wouldn't be pretty. She would find some way to hit him with a chair or something. She knew she couldn't kill or maim him, because that would miss up the timeline and stuff, and she would like to be born.
was what she was feeling. She did know it hurt like hell when he left. God, what kind of woman had never been in love before? "What are you trying to say?"
With a quick once over, the only thing he spotted was a broken lamp with a pillow next to it. Without taking another step closer, Steve knew the lamp was broken beyond repaired. He crossed to his bed, knowing that the pillow came from there, and he could feel his eye twitch as he noticed a small bump under the covers.
"Toni."
The first thing that came to mind when he woke up was her and then the rest of the world. This room, this strange room, was the last thing he thought about. He needed to see Toni. "Where am I?" he asked the Agent staring at him. The radio was on, broadcasting a baseball game.
Sharon smiled. "You never answered my question; do you want to marry Rogers?"
It only lasted a second before Steve lifted his head up and gently pushed her hands away. "I think he gets it."
1) I did use 'steal' some lines from CA: Winter Soldier. I think I did a good job at mixing those lines with my vision.
she yelled at herself. Now was not the time to think about that crap, nauseating to think about. Sure, she had sex types, but that meant shit. She may have laughed them off, but they still annoyed her. She had no say in them, recorded and released without her say so.
Howard tightened his grip on Toni. "Physically, she will be fine. Emotionally, I'm not sure." There was a long pause. "When I found her, she was having a nightmare… It was about Barnes."
Tears started to fall from her eyes. "I just stole a poncho from a wooden Indian. The media will love it," she said, softly. "Barton will tease me endlessly." She paused yet again, fighting hard to keep going. "I gotta go." Three words pop into her mind, but she didn't say them. She just couldn't, as the only thing she could do was hung up the phone.
"I see you talked Steve to bed," he turned to the bathroom. "He had fallen asleep at the door the last I checked."
"Are you okay, Tony?" someone asks the stilled genius.
Peggy backed up and stepped back to her side. "Alright then," Peggy stated, still eyeing her. "And cover that reactor up. Just because Steve and the rest of the Commandos know about it doesn't mean we want the entirety of the camp to know."
"Rumlow?" he asked.
Steve wanted to say, 'there are times,' but Rumlow appeared out of nowhere, bring in Shield agents behind him, and that stopped the Captain in his tracks.
Toni glanced at him with an eye brow raised. If she didn't know better, she would think he was jealous, but why in the hell would he be jealous? He had a thing for Peggy, didn't he? And if he didn't, she was surely not his type. Shaking her head, she had to be wrong. Maybe, he was just being protective, knowing Barnes. "Nothing. He was just bugging me about a nickname."
Toni narrowed her eyes at him in annoyance. "One, I'm fine, and two, that isn't what I was going to ask. However, I'm fine and capable of going out," she said. Why did everyone insist on treating her like a child?
She glanced back at the huge metal lab door before she walked away. She didn't make it far, running into Jones and Dugan, who smiled at the sight of her. "So what are you two up to?" She asked, eyeing them. "And should I be scared?"
Toni could feel her stomach dropped at the thought of someone following her. It broke back all her fears and worries as her recalled being shoved against a wall by her Stalker in the past. Even though she was safe in her tower, it felt like she was back in that alley getting attacked. She could feel his hands on her. She could feel her heart beat raced as she wondered if she was really safe. Was there anyone following her now? If so, what did they want from her?
"ID Tags," she repeated. "It's what's in the box."
"You wouldn't understand, since you disliked Barnes," Toni snapped. "You should care about getting the bad guy. You know Schmidt! Not getting lucky. Stop using this situation for your own benefit!"
Though her angle made it difficult, Toni watched as the nurse left, and for a few seconds, Toni watched the door as if she expected someone to walk in. When no one did, she felt her heart flop, though she had no idea of why. It wasn't as if she liked the nurse or needed someone at her bed side… No, rather, she wanted someone at her bedside. A certain someone at her bedside.
She let out a chuckle. "You would be lucky to have a child like me," she replied, trying to ignore the guilt rising up in her. She had no right to joke after what she'd done. "Besides I could hook you up with that Commander from HYDRA. She seems like a total joy." If Toni never saw that woman again, it would be too soon.
"Well, my mind never stops."
Toni had no idea of how the nurse got to her side so fast, and it startled her. "I don't like to be handed things." She wanted the water, but it went against her core to be handled something.
Though she knew how sexy they made her legs look, Toni hated heels and never understand why anyone would want to wear them. They were the most uncomfortable things on the planet to walk in and it didn't matter what kind of heels Peppers brought her. However, there were two reasons why she wore them: Pepper made her or to get laid as men loved a woman in heels. She groaned, because Pepper wasn't here and she definitely wasn't getting laid. What was the point of heels if she wasn't trying to flirt the pants off someone? Exhaling slowly, she pulled on the itchy military jacket, which felt like it weighed 50 pounds. How could anyone wear this shit? She couldn't wait until she could take this off.
. Toni could remember that day in the woods, when they kissed. Even now, she could still feel his lips on hers, and her heart still skipped a beat at the thought of it. She could remember his laugher when she made a joke. She remembered it all, which was why it hurt so much looking at Barnes' face.
to her, even if he hated her. Never. He wouldn't hurt her on purpose. He was too gentle for that.
No." she replied sternly.
"Why am I here, Salty?" she asked. He was fishing for something and she didn't want anything to do with it. "What do you want from me?" She was never the one to beat around the bush.
His heart skip a beat as he heard that. "No, Toni. It's what I did to deserve you," he replied back. He didn't know what he would've done without this dame—no, woman. In the past, she was always there for him when he needed it, and he would never be able to thank her for that. Never. "Thank you." He said, softly kissed her on the top of her head.
On to the next time,
Toni laughed, really laughed. There was no doubt that her laugh carried down the hall, and there was no doubt that it had turned a few heads with a few cell phones in their hands. "And everyone thinks that I am the naughty one."
Steve laughed again. "I won't let anything happen to her." With that, the call disconnected, leaving Steve and Toni alone. "I mean it, Toni. I won't let anything happen to you."
She stared at him for a few seconds. "Okay, I get it. I know," she said. "If I want to talk, I'll let you know, but don't count on it."
"Toni," he called, as he got to his feet, following after her. "Stop! Please. Talk to me. This isn't good for you to keep it in." The panic in his voice grew with each step that Toni took from her Best Friend, while concern took over his expression. "Stop."
Tony lets out a harsh sigh, as he's in too much pain to deal with an overprotective AI. "Sleep is for the weak," he smiles with a fake cheer. His arm and leg are killing him. Sure, thanks to the nano, he's healing faster than normally possible, but it doesn't help with the pain. Without the good pills, he can almost feel his bones heal, and it's excruciating to say the least. Plus, his foot is in a walking boot, and his arm is in a hard, black brace, which makes it difficult to do anything. He just wants to rip them off, but his damn AI threatens to tattle every time he looks at them funny. Stupid AI. Stupid overprotective AI, who won't stop talking to Vision. Vision, who keeps giving taps.
"I know you aren't." Steve tried not to take it personally, but it was hard. "And JARVIS didn't give me much of a choice. He hijacked the jet. He's protective, which I count as a plus. Glad to have someone to keep an eye on you."
After making sure the wrap was secure, he leaned forward and gave Toni another kiss. Her arms went up around his neck, as he pulled her into his arms. Picking her up gently, he brought her to his chest, and not breaking the kiss, he stepped to the top of the bed. He was able to pull back the blanket without breaking the kiss. He set her on the bed as gently as he could, and before stepping away, he deepened the kiss. He took control, not that Toni was giving him much of a fight. He sucked on her bottom lip for a few seconds before he broke off. Again, Toni groaned as he pulled away. "Let's get you to bed," he said, as he covered her with the blanket.
Trip shook his head as he picked up the coat. "So? Didn't your mother teach you not to leave things laying around? I know my mother would kill me if I did."
However, it was a kick to Toni's stomach as it was a reminder that their pain was her fault. She was allowing this to go on, and she didn't deserve to kid around while they suffered. She hated herself right then.
Toni closed her eyes and laughed. "Trust me, you won't miss this spunky mess." She tried to push him off, but Barnes wouldn't let her go and just held her tighter. "And you can let go now."
"You nice? I have seen everything now."
"Being handcuffed doesn't seem fitting either," she asked, raking her brain for an answer. "So why am I in military custody?"
It was only a few minutes later, when the control room came into sight, but it wasn't the room that caught his sight. What caught his eyes was Toni, who looked like hell even from this distance. Schmidt had a firm grip on her arm as he held her close. He couldn't even see space between them, and that pissed off Bucky. He didn't care that he was the enemy; he shouldn't be holding her like that. In her struggling, he could see multiple bruises on her body, but it was the black eye that stuck him hard. How dare he touch her? He was going to hit him for each mark on her body. No, wait, he was just going to kill him just for that huge bruise on her face.
"Thought?"
*O*O*
"I don't know if I believe you. You seem like a spy to me, with all of these strange contraptions of yours. Are you working with Hitler?" He asked, seriously. He took a look down at her chest.
"I-if…I didn't think y-you had a crush...on me before, I do…n-now," she said, struggling to speak. "And he a-already knows… how special I am. Now, let… me go, Skully."
feel that way again…. If so, your crazy bots and AI, can blast us into space."
Toni couldn't stop the snort rising from her throat. Maybe, her lack of sleep was getting to her, but all sense of logical and reason were out the door, and like any drunk after a few drinks, she didn't care about consequences. Granted, her sense of judgement wasn't at operating at its best and she wasn't thinking things through. With her anger boiling, she didn't care. She wanted to fly into SHIELD's headquarters and blowing things up.
"So it's your turn," he stated as he took a seat next to her.
There was something in his voice that touched her, and she couldn't be mad or upset at him, but she was still annoyed. "You wouldn't even know what it is if I told you." She turned back to the cot and picked the gun up. "I don't need you to protect me."
"Stark will never join Hydra willingly," Rumlow stated, giving him a look.
"I'm not sure yet. I'm pondering what I want to do with her," he stated. "Did Stark figure out any of those devices yet? Any idea on that chest piece?"
"Does Phillips knows about this?" Peggy asked. She also had a concerned look in her eyes. "Maybe, you should speak to someone."
*O*O*
"But these prisoners, I'm not sure they have the strength," Zola stated.
His eyes softened as he pulled her toward him. "You trust me, right?"
A beast.
And though she hated to admit it, it warmed her heart to see him there. She could imagine him sitting at her bedside, even if he never had. She could imagine this man doing a lot of fatherly things, unlike the man she grew up with. However, she didn't have time to ponder that. She had to get out of here and back to her time, where she hoped would free her from the nightmares. Moving slowly, she swung her feet over the bed and pushed herself to her feet. She wobbled for a minute before gaining her balance.
Killian waved her over once more, noticing the frown on her face. "Why come here and let me put a smile on that pretty face of yours?" he said, smiling. "Once up close, you can see how breath taking this really is. Just imagine if you could hack into the hard drive of any living organism and recode its DNA."
"You call that training?" Peggy asked, looking Toni over again. Toni's hair, which was in a high ponytail, was a mess; sticks were sticking out everywhere. Her uniform looked disheveled. "Maybe, Steve can train me."
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you," Howard Stark stated as Toni settled in her chair.
The genius couldn't take the silence. It was driving her crazy. Why couldn't he just say something? Anything? "I thought I made myself clear, Rogers," she said, trying to sound as cruel as she could be. "Are you look-"
The screen dimmed as Toni stared. Why was this so hard? She had stared into Steve's eyes countless times, and yet, here she was. She was speechless. There was so much warmth and love in his eyes that she could drown in it. Was she scared of losing herself? Worried—petrified of losing him like her father with her mother? God, that would shatter her. She didn't know if she could survive that. "What's your point?" she said softly, letting the phone go dark.
There it was. That stupid voice that he always had whenever he gave her orders; it was the same voice that he had in the future, where she wanted to kill him. It was probably a blessing that he was interested in Sassy Pants and not her, because she didn't want to be responsible for killing Captain America, which she would do if they were together. "Uncalled? Everything I say is uncalled for! It's my middle name," she yelled. "Which is why I don't have or
She narrowed her eyes at him. "Will? You think I'll see them?" she asked.
"Just make sure you two leave a tie or something on the door," Clint added, with a wink.
And second, Look only 15 days to update this! I was in a writing mood lately. :) So you don't have to wait so ling.
However, it was challenging at times, especially when the comments hit below the belt. His opinion of her meant the world to her, even if it was just her mind playing cruel jokes on her.
She smiled at the sound of her name on his lips. "In here," she demanded as she looked around. People were looking at them. As she didn't want to have this conversion in public, she pushed open a door a few feet from her. She glanced around the room quickly to make sure it was free, and to her luck, it was empty. "Get in," she ordered as she pulled Rogers in. She didn't expect to pull him as easy as she did, since he could've easily fought her off.
Steve gave the girl a soft smile. "Sorry about that," he said, gently. "Are you ready to order, Toni?"
"You could always work with Mr. Stark and invent weapon instead of managing them," the remaining soldier stated as he unpacked the new weapons. "You don't need to lower yourself to
Her hands balled on the table as she exhaled slowly. "We aren't friends. Barely team members, so I don't know what you're trying to do. It seems like you're trying to make this into something that it's not. Did you get knocked on the head too hard, Rogers?" she asked as she reflected her hands. "Are you stupid?"
Toni glanced at him, not buying anything he was selling. Why did it matter how she was feeling? "Do you normally ask your soldiers how they are?" she asked, eyeing him. She learned forward on his desk.
Schmidt dragged Toni behind him as he stepped toward Zola. "The Americans cannot compete with this!" He stated.
It was unnerving to see the change in Natasha, and Steve didn't know how to handle that. It was easier to believe everything would be okay when Natasha believe it, but now? No. No. His mind flashed back to Toni's scared form, and his heart suddenly skipped… Natasha was right and this was bad. "You won't get away with this."
Letting out a loud laugh, she threw her head back. "Oh, how I'll enjoy disobeying your orders,
She snorted as she turned to him. "I can think of a few places." Her tone and eyes were cold.
"I think my French can do the trick," Jones stated as he got to his feet. "It's irresistible."
"Because I love you."
"Don't worry too much."
Jones and Dugan's faces fell as they glanced toward each other, giving the other a look. With a deep breath, Dugan turned toward Toni, his hand inching closer to her. He paused a few inches from her knee, as he closed his eyes. He took a deep breath before he opened his eyes again. "Toni," Dugan said, carefully.
"Madame," Schmidt said with a warming tone.
After struggling for a few minutes, Toni was able to touch the tip of the gun and work it toward her, which was a good thing as Peggy had been able to roll on top of her. She was about to knock Toni out when she noticed the gun pointed at her. "Now, get off," Toni ordered, knowing damn well that she couldn't shot this woman. There was also the fact that Toni wasn't really a good shot. She needed J.A.R.V.I.S. for that.
Steve knew Toni would, though she would probably pretend to be hurt and make a fuss out of the kiss. On the other hand, he didn't like it. No, it didn't feel anything like how it felt when he kissed Toni. With Toni, his heart was dancing. With Natasha, it was just wet; yet, it was still a kiss. "It's cheating." Not really, but it felt like it.
She really couldn't remember the last time she had sex, which was surprising for her. It was weird for her to have sex nowadays with the reactor in her chest.
"It is against protocol. It cannot be turned off," the AI responded.
*O*O*
She took a deep breath as she tried to get the nights events out of her mind. She hadn't felt this useless in a while and that was something she didn't know how to handle. "Please, leave me alone," she begged as she looked at herself in the mirror. She was a hot mess and not in a good way. Her hair was a mad mess and her clothes were filthy. She had a huge scratch on her face and a red hand print around her neck. "Please, just go."
The first thing first was getting her arm back, which she hoped would be in a few weeks. She was pushing it, but she couldn't help it. She really couldn't stand the cast and she wanted to take a saw to it, but she knew better. Toni took a big breath as she knew she couldn't wait for her arm, so the first thing really was to study the security for holes. That would take a few long days of watching, but she had to do that. After she figured that out, she would need to get her hand on a badge. "I could tail an employee and swipe his card," she thought to herself. "However, he could notice it's gone and report it's missing. A stolen badge would get me caught."
"So why don't we show him tonight after Movie night?" Steve asks, giving him a wink. "Just three of us."
Anyhow, I was thinking to doing another One Shot (if I can control myself and limit my words) or a short story (if I can't... probably). However, I am not sure what I would want to do if I did. So if you have anything that you would like to see, let me know!.
Sharon turned back, giving Toni an exhausted look. Letting out a loud sigh, she spoke, "Fury put me here for a reason. To protect Rogers, nothing more. Nothing less. I agreed because of what he means to my Aunt Peggy. You should be grateful or at least understand. Don't add more to this." With that, she left, slamming the door behind her.
She picked up the pieces off the table and slipped them in her bag. Without bothering to change her clothes, she kicked her shoes off and laid down on the couch. She let herself drift.
If her list was long, his had to be really long. He probably had an enemy list a mile long. He probably had enemies he didn't even recall. Yet, he was probably aware of each of them in some fashion, down to their underwear size. He probably knew their every move and tracked them like the super spy that he was.
Jim didn't back down from this line of questioning, and there was no doubt that he had a lot on his mind to say on the matter. "Why isn't he here?" he demanded.
His heart binged when he thought of how he had rejected her after Bucky's death because of Phillips' advice. He told – no… more like ordered Steve not to start a relationship with her, which Steve didn't like. Sure, the Colonel had a point and there was no need for love in war, but he had no right to order him not to start a relationship. But before he could snap, Phillips told Steve that she needed time, that he shouldn't attempt a relationship with her. He told him that he should honor Barnes, his best friend, and just be a friend to Toni. After seeing how broken she was after she learned of Bucky's death, he had known Phillips was right.
"Well two times too many!" Wilson snaps back. "I hate that movie. It's shit, and you would think you people would get sick of watching Superhero movies, since you know we're superheroes."
"Hm. . . Nice butt, that's always great in a stripper, I can tell you work out. I'm guessing there are abs under here." The man ran his hands suggestively over Steve's stomach. "And I can tell without touching you've got quite the package. But I'll touch anyway." The man said with a mischevious smirk as he groped a very unprepared Steve who yelped and then moaned.
The man looked up as Steve approached surprise lighting up his eyes. "Oh, hello again." He said slowly.
Steve smiled, "It was my pleasure." Steve said.
"And look, he's even gone red for me. Wonder what else is red?" He said with a suggestive wink.
"Woah!" Sam exclaimed.
Steve was pretty sure if this kept up he was going to cum. . .
Tony laughed at the picture Steve made, the bright green apron Bruce had given him as a housewarming gift (Clint's had been the same) over his white undershirt. His slacks from last night as rumbled as his hair, which still managed to look good like that.
In the morning Tony woke with his face pressed to Steve's broad chest and he smiled before his eyes even opened.
He'd marched in and told Fury he was giving him his two week notice. Fury's only show of emotion was the slight raise of his eyebrow.
Tony again waited nervously to take the stage. Only this time, instead of glittered hair, red and gold booty shorts, and stripper make-up, he was wearing a cap and gown and Steve's engagement ring on his finger. The blond had proposed to him last summer, and their wedding was already scheduled for this July, two weeks after Steve's birthday.
Tony nodded, "Yeah, you gotta do what you gotta do."
Tony finally gave up and pulled Steve in for a kiss.
"You're the amazing one Tony, and I really do mean that." Steve said softly as he placed a chaste kiss on Tony's head. "You are wonderful Tony, and you really do deserve a wonderful life."
Steve scoffed as he flipped a pancake. "This isn't really spoiling you. If I wanted to spoil you I'd give you oral as soon as you woke up and then bring you breakfast in bed while you were still blissed out."
'How the hell could anyone have a smile that pure?' Tony wondered.
Steve couldn't help the whine that escaped his lips and was simply thankful he wasn't wearing a mic.
Luckily, once the man was sure Steve was good and hard he shimmied back up Steve's strong frame.
Tony let out a hiss as Steve unzipped him and cool air hit his cock.
Steve scowled and threw the money on the table. "See, I knew it."
"I, I don't know I-"
Sure enough Sam and Nat both dragged his protesting frame to the stage and practically threw him on it. Steve tried to look to Thor for help but discovered the other blond was gone.
He had plenty of customers but never anyone special. Even Tony had had Pepper for a while. But when your boyfriend works as a stripper it's hard to hold your relationship together.
"Steve!?" Tony shouted again.
Tony grimaced, he'd said it, those words Tony hated with a passion. 'You Deserve' because he never did deserve anything. Steve may think that, but he didn't actually know him. "Look, I don't think that would work out for me." Tony said, pulling back his hand. "Things never do."
5 minutes later Tony heard a knock on his door and opened it to reveal a slightly red Steve.
"Maybe you just need someone to work them out for you."
'His lips taste like something.' Tony thought as he lost himself in kissing the blond. 'Oh, they taste like paradise.' He finally realized.
Steve looked at Thor who, to his surprise, blushed. "I am a . . . fan... of one of the performers." Thor said sheepishly.
"I have an announcement to make." He continued. "This is, unfortunately, my last show. This is the last time you will see 'Iron Man' on this stage or any other. You've been a wonderful crowd, and so for my very last act, I will give you all the best I can offer here."
"How about bowling?" Steve asked, "I know a place that stays open till 3 am."
"What is wrong with you?!" Howard shouted again, "You are an idiot, Tony! And I am done paying for you to lounge around at college smoking pot and getting drunk. You're wasting your life! I'm cutting you off. This is it, get out!" Howard shouted, grabbing a stunned Tony by the arm and throwing him out of the house.
As they rocked Tony's bed Tony had the presence of mind to realize this was the first man from the club he'd ever let into his bed, everyone else had either been at their place or the club, or somewhere else, never here. Somehow this man had gotten Tony to trust him so much already.
Tony was used to the burn, this wasn't his first rodeo. But he was not prepared for the way Steve somehow managed to hit his prostate dead-on so many times. It wasn't every time, but it was nearly.
Tony didn't correct Steve this time, laying there wrapped in this unreal man's arms he could almost believe him. . .
Moments later they were falling into bed. Tony tried to get on top, expecting to be the more experienced of the two of them. But Steve just shook his head and gently moved so Tony was beneath him but not crushed. "You're used to taking care of other people." Steve said in a gentle voice. "Now let me take care of you." He said in barely a whisper.
Steve smiled at him, "You seem like a really great guy Tony. You deserve to have things work out for you."
He wasn't looking for anything, it was against his entire code to have sex with someone from a place like this. He did not want a one night stand, that would never work for him. Sure he would have sex on first date but only if he knew for certain the relationship would go somewhere.
Steve shook his head to clear it as Loki's act wound down.
"You could find another way. Or just go to college part time till you feel comfortable quitting."
Tony finished coughing and nodded looking up into Steve's eyes with that smile Steve had been looking for. The real smile he had known was there somewhere. Steve smiled and wondered if it was too soon to kiss him. His thoughts were interrupted however by Natasha.
It was Saturday morning, Steve didn't have to go to work and Tony of course wouldn't be working till late. So when Steve got up, instead of grabbing his pants and going, something Tony was still expecting to happen at any moment, he just walked into Tony's kitchen to make him breakfast. Tony hopped in the shower and when he got out 30 minutes later the smell of blueberry pancakes was emanating from the kitchen.
Steve nodded, "I work at the highschool just up the road actually. It's an okay job, But it would be nice to sell some of my art. I'd love to be able to live off just that."
Steve's blush deepened.
Steve shrugged with a smile, "If you say so."
He went through the rest of his routine and finally got off the stage 30 minutes later.
Steve glanced at Tony as they rented their shoes, He wasn't quite sure what to make of him. On stage he was every inch the performer and tease his profession required, but here now he seemed like just another guy. Sure he carried himself with a certain grace you didn't see in most men, and he held his head high as if he owned every place he walked into. But despite these few things he seemed . . . normal, and Steve wanted to treat him like he would any other guy he was interested in. He knew that he could get sex from Tony at a word and a flash of green, but he didn't want that. Because as naive as it might seem Steve was one of the few people left in the world who still believed sex was better if you actually loved the person you were having it with.
Tony watched him go with a happy sigh as an idea started to form in his mind. . .
Sam chuckled, "Dude, of course we knew. You didn't notice this is a gay strip club?" He asked. "Why do you think Thor is so hyper?"
Suddenly there was a flash of light and smoke from the stage.
Steve had risen to his feet, clapping and whooping loudly. As had Thor, while Loki at his side held their newly adopted baby on his hip.
Steve chuckled and, giving him one last kiss, roared off.
When Tony went on stage he could feel Steve's eyes on him, and he kept finding himself glancing at the man's table. Dying to see that smile again.
Steve chuckled as they reached the parking lot of the club, which was still in business, only it was a different shift of performers now. As the two of them mounted the bike Steve noticed Thor exiting the club.
When he landed face first on the stage he contemplated playing dead and hoped the very hot guy in the red and gold booty shorts would just kick him off the stage. But instead he was helped to his feet and led over to the other man.
Steve just chuckled and gestured to Tony's towel. "Go get dressed, breakfast will be done in about 15 minutes, I still have to make the eggs and. . . the bacon!" Steve exclaimed as he dropped the spatula and pulled open the oven to pull out a sheet pan of bacon with a purple birdy oven mit, a present from Tony's friend Clint (That guy in the purple) that he'd forgotten he had.
"Tony, your turn to share," Fury said after Clint finished a tangential rant about dog walkers and Starbucks. They weren't going around in a circle today, Fury was picking them out at random and they were expected to just talk about whatever was on their minds. Steve wasn't really sure what the point was, but he hadn't been picked yet and Clint's rant took up enough time that he was hoping he wouldn't have to share today.
Tony pulled a bag of trail mix seemingly out of thin air and popped a small handful into his mouth, chewing in mock deliberation before answering. "Does existential anger at the shortsightedness of the human race count?" He grinned, still chewing.
"But I do like you back," Steve cut him off. "That's the thing. I didn't realise it before. Didn't let myself I guess. I was too busy worrying about why someone like you would even be speaking to me, but I realise it now. And that's why I'm here. Other than the apology."
Tony rolls his eyes. "Whataya want from me? I'm still half asleep here. My pet names are not going to be up to my usual stellar standards. Now, why don't you tell me why we're even half awake right now?"
"Before I let you interrupt the trip I had to work my ass off to get him on in order to get over you, I want to hear your apology," she said. "I want to make sure it's an actual apology and I want to hear the sincerity in it."
"Yes ma'am," Steve agreed.
Steve doesn't try to correct him when Tony leads him to the bed this version's Steve shares with his husband.
"You shot yourself up with an untested virus?" Steve says.
"Absolutely," Tony affirms. "But having forgotten this place even exists, I don't think you know what your favourite food is."
Another exchanged glance between Tony and Nebula.
"How will it work?" Steve presses, because he's going to find out one way or the other now and he'd rather he knows what to expect. "Doesn't wielding the stones kill people?"
"Me. I was always your Steve," Steve says, all wonderment.
"Seriously. How are you going to get your man back?" Bucky said.
"You do pick on me, though," Steve said.
Tony stopped and turned, that stupid smirk still on his face. "Says the guy with an actual anger management problem."
"How did we boot him off the accords?" Steve asks.
"So you have a waist after all, I was beginning to wonder," Tony said, dropping into the seat by Steve's side that Thor usually occupied.
Tony watches him for a moment, eyes calculating, mind turning almost visibly behind his pensive expression. "Fine. You study up, train with the team, and we'll see where we go from there. But I'm not clearing you until I have reason to think it's safe. I already lost my husband, I can't lose you completely. Can't and won't."
Steve wonders for a moment how it would have gone if Ultron had been good. He automatically pictures JARVIS but with Ultron's capabilities, and he can see why the idea appealed so much to Tony and Bruce.
When they'd finished, Steve made his way over to Virginia and plucked up the courage to ask, "Where's Tony?"
They circle up, each person to their allocated stone, until Nebula and Tony are left. Nebula doesn't so much as blink when Tony takes the purple stone in the centre, just mildly goes to stand by the green one.
"We think she's actually in the stone," Tony adds. "That's how the sacrifice works. Her..." he pulls a face, "soul is sort of interfaced with it."
Peggy laughed. "What did you do this time?"
The date goes well. Smoother that the other times they've gone out together, because now Steve's invested too. He's the one that asked, and he wants this to work. He wants what the other Steve, or maybe it's the old Steve, had.
"It's not that I don't believe you. I really do think you've got this whole other version of events in your head, that you honestly don't think this is where you belong. And who knows? Maybe you're right. But from what I've heard so far, the stuff you remember differently is all worst case scenario. All the things you were afraid could've happened, all the nightmares you wake up sweaty and shivering from," Tony says. "We're not together, Zemo won, Ross is still on the Accords. And I'm betting if I ask you what happened to Bucky in your world it isn't going to be a happy story."
"I'm... totally gonna... tell Thor... how mean you are... and he'll... give you that... disappointed face... you know... the one," Tony got out around kisses.
Steve doesn't so much give up as accept that, for now at least, he's run out of avenues to explore. Either he really does belong in this world, or he's stuck here indefinitely anyway, so he decides to live the life he currently has. He's done it before, when he woke up decades into the future. Maybe he can carve out his own corner in this world, too, after all, most of the hard work has already been done for him.
"For the love of- Yes!" Tony said. "Yes, I have been hitting on you, repeatedly and obviously. I thought that was clear."
"Let me get this right," Peggy said after a few more darted glances. "You asked Tony Stark out on a date as some kind of elaborate game of Gay Chicken?"
"I kinda want to punch you right now," Jessica said.
"Stupid Starlord," Tony pouts. "We totally had you until he messed it all up."
"Murder them? Yeah," Tony answers the question Steve can't quite ask. "But after extensive therapy and repeated nagging from my husband I've come to terms with the fact that it wasn't his fault. We even spent Thanksgiving at the hospital with him last year."
"You're engaged."
"Like what? Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Hey, I'm a director and I want to put your face on the silver screen? I'm shipping out on a dangerous mission tomorrow and this could be my last night alive?" Tony tried.
"Depends how you feel about hipsters I guess," Tony replied with an out of place wink.
"You would," Tony grumbles, fingers locking all too naturally with Steve's.
Tony stirs as Steve shifts and breathes heavy from the terror of his nightmare. "Y'kay?" He murmurs, not moving his face from it's position squashed into Steve's shoulder.
"I have promised that we shall not harm Tony," Thor says in warning, clearly having been updated on the new team dynamics by Pepper.
Bucky noticed Steve's unease and quit arguing with the bouncer to check what was going on. "You know this guy?"
"The club we met at last time? Tonight?" Tony asked.
Steve freezes with his hand on the door. He really doesn't want to. But this time around he knows better than to keep secrets, knows better than to think Tony can't handle the truth or that they won't figure it out together. "Yeah, of course. After coffee."
"He helped me test it out," Tony explains.
"I'm sure that's true, but that doesn't make everyone attracted to all bodies," Steve argued. "Especially not supermodels."
Steve winced. "Sorry about that. Virginia said it'd be okay."
"We have a ship," Natasha tells them. "It'll be a tight fit, but it should do the job."
So he keeps visiting Bucky, and he keeps letting Tony try to romance him, and he takes up all the responsibilities of this world's Steve and he lives.
"Finished already?" Tony asks, a teasing glint in his eye. "I would offer you some of mine... but it's just so damn good, you know?"
His overwhelming doubt in Tony's honesty was completely to blame for Steve's next move. "Prove it."
"Thank you," Steve says. He hesitates a moment before deciding that maybe this world's way of doing things isn't so bad, and maybe he should start using it himself. "I don't know if I'll ever be the man you married again, but I hope you know that things are different for me now. I care about you, even if it's not how you want me to."
"It sure is a shame you're giving them back," Bucky said, shaking his head. "I wouldn't even have to try to set this guy up."
"Hmm?" Steve responded, mostly because it seemed likely that would keep Tony talking in that increasingly breathless voice.
Fury glared Tony into submission then turned back to Steve. "Please continue."
"I didn't even know you liked guys," Steve said faintly, still trying to reconcile Tony's revelation with his preconceptions.
"You want to take over the negotiations? Go ahead," Tony snaps. "I'm sure your sheer Captain America-ness will get you anything you want as usual. Try not to move about too much in case you dislodge it though."
"That's ridiculous," Steve said, because it was.
"Is something wrong?" Steve asked.
"And the others?" Tony asks, blank faced.
Steve doesn't answer.
"Clint. I have a dog," Clint said. "I didn't used to have a dog, then I put a guy in hospital for kicking his dog, and now I have a dog, and court mandated therapy and community service to avoid a GBH charge."
It's a bright, sunny day that contrasts with the world around him so harshly that he feels a little sick as he goes on his run. They arrived the night before and he's trying to stick more or less to the routine he's used to, hoping that small feeling of normal will help. It doesn't. He's barely two minutes into his run before he stops to help a family searching the ruins of their home for their dog. Then again for a group of civilians trying to clear the road of debris so the emergency services have better access. Then to help the fire service dig through an office building for survivors.
"I went to sleep last night in Wakanda and woke up here. I don't even know where here is," Steve starts. "I have no idea why we were in bed together, or why Bucky is in hospital, or why JARVIS is here calling me 'Captain Stark', but I do know this isn't where I'm supposed to be. It must be the reality stone, or magic or something."
"So why not become a nurse, or volunteer with the homeless?" Tony asked, the first words he'd spoken directly to Steve that day. "I don't know where you got the idea that shooting people is the only way to help, but come on, even you have to have realised there's other shit you could do."
Steve pulled a face. The only person who had ever got him to dance was Peggy and it had been an absolute disaster. "I told you, that's not happening."
Fury clearly knew something was wrong by the way he kept narrowing his eye as he looked between them. "Is there some air that needs to be cleared here?"
"What?" Steve asked.
Tony was getting with the program now, arms wrapping around Steve's body and pressing them up close against each other. His tongue joined the party and Steve opened for it, not caring that everything was getting a bit too heated for an airport corridor. He had a point to prove and he was damn well going to prove it, and enjoy himself while he did.
"We didn't. We had to try anyway," Steve says. "If anyone can fix this, it's you."
Tony's smirk turned into a glib grin. "Sweetheart, I don't just take responsibility for my own actions, I take responsibility for everyone else's too. While you're running around picking fights, I'm changing the world. Saving it, actually. What have you ever done that's worthwhile? Tell me, what exactly have you done that's so good that you got rewarded with that nice high horse you ride around on telling other people they're assholes?"
"What-?" Steve starts, eyes tracking Strange's movements as he walks away from...himself.
"You're what?" Bucky asked, amused.
Tony pulls a face. "It seemed polite?"
Tony considers. "How'd you know I was alive?"
"Bruce is coming along," Tony says out of the blue, chin jutted up like he's expecting an argument.
Clint and Natasha turned to each other, then Virginia and Tony, Jessica stepped across to Bruce with a bored expression and received a bashful smile in response, leaving Steve with Thor.
Steve frowns and opens his mouth.
"Can someone get him out of here?" Tony asks of those not about to wield a stone. "Or at least make him shut up. I can't afford to be distracted by his self righteous posturing."
The next time Steve saw Tony it wasn't at group. Bucky'd dragged him to some trendy club in yet another attempt at getting him laid, and the bouncer took one look at Steve before denying entry.
"You okay?" Tony asks.
"As fascinating as this all is," Loki interrupts. "Don't we have somewhere to be?"
Tony shot Steve a grin. "Sorry, business calls."
Bucky's look intensified.
"We," Steve echoes hollowly.
"He's in my sessions," Steve said, though he was fairly sure he wasn't supposed to be disclosing that.
"Steve?"
Steve pulls him into a hug as soon as he's within arm's reach, and Bucky responds in kind with a chuckle. "Miss me already big guy?"
Steve shakes his head. He doesn't want to think about that. "How are you doing?"
Unfortunately 'usually' isn't 'always'.
"That is a shame," Thor said with a sad frown. "You are both fine men, and would doubtless achieve much by each other's side."
"Did he... Did he still..."
"I'm not generally an angry person," Virginia began.
"You are in the mansion. The date is the 26th of April, 2018," the voice comes again.
Peggy, as the only one of them that currently had a steady job, paid the cab driver and they headed inside. In open display of her British upbringing, Peggy immediately switched on the electric kettle she'd made them buy years ago and got out the teabags. Apparently the English way to deal with any problem is to make a cup of tea. Occasionally Peggy made coffee instead.
"Woah, hey. Stevie, what's wrong?" Bucky asks, hands, both metal and flesh, rubbing up and down Steve's back soothingly. "Has something happened? Are you okay?"
Thor, Natasha and Rocket meet them back on Earth with a bigger ship that should hold everybody. Apparently even deposed Kings of Asgard get perks.
"If that happens then I'll still be me, I'll still know how to fight, how to look after myself and the team, and you can get me off the field as soon as possible," Steve says. Tony seems to be softening and he doesn't want to give him enough time to think himself out of it.
Tony shakes his head and spears another bite of dessert. "It's fine. Sure, you got my hopes up a little there, but I got to make out with Captain America, a person doesn't complain about that."
"Now we all know each other, lets get to the point," Fury said once it was clear Steve was finished. "You're all here because you're out of control. This group exists so you can learn to get that control back. In here you will be truthful, you will be forthright, and you will be respectful. Because if you are not then I don't sign you off, and whatever nasty little consequence you're avoiding by being here will take effect. First thing I want you all to do is name the last thing that made you angry. Natasha, go."
Tony gave him a funny. look. "Are you okay? You look like you're having an aneurysm."
Steve nods. "Yeah, he's doing good. The new meds are still working."
Tony doesn't look away from the scan. "I told you I would. I also told you he'd want to see the scans."
"They won't let you guys in, you know," Steve told them.
Tony grumbles and burrows further into the covers without waking.
"I'm fine," Steve reassured him. "Just, ah. Just wondering where that came from?"
Tony met Fury's gaze with an easy smile. "Nope," he said, popping the P. "Air has already been cleared. Go ahead. Let's get on with the deep breathing exercises."
"True," Strange concedes. "Or maybe who you sleep with really does have that much impact on the world." He seems amused by the idea. "Or maybe you didn't really go anywhere, and this is where you've always been. Altering your mind would certainly be easier than transporting you to another reality."
"Where's Bucky?" Steve asks, unable to face responding to Tony's sudden kindness, especially given the strangeness of the situation.
"The guy bought you nice clothes," Bucky said.
"Why the hell do you want to go to sleep? This is serious! Stark, I need to get back where I'm supposed to be, not go for a nap with you," Steve snaps, thrown by Tony's cavalier attitude. The guy just got told his husband doesn't know why or when they got married, anyone else would already be on their way to the hospital.
"What?"
"Why are we in a giant doughnut?" Steve can't help but ask.
Tony raised his eyebrows and leans back in his chair, splaying out in an obnoxious pose.
"Not that I will ever not love hearing those words, but right about what?" Tony asks.
"It it Tony? Did you guys have a fight or somethin'?" Bucky asks. The way he says it, it doesn't sound like it'd be the first time.
Steve patted Bucky's shoulder and helped him back into the apartment when Bucky stumbled drunkenly over the doorstep. "She wasn't my type," he lied, because maybe she was his type but he hadn't really noticed either way.
"Hmm," says Strange.
"Are you..." Steve started to ask, then changed his mind. Tony was just joking around and Steve didn't need the humiliation of calling him on it. "Are you going to buy much at the auction?"
"And I only did as sort of a test, to see if he actually liked me," Steve explained. "It was a dick move."
It took a brief moment of psyching himself up, not because he didn't want to but because it turned out once he actually knew he was attracted to him, Tony had the same effect on him as an attractive woman. Tony's face remained calm and observant as Steve took a breath and clenched and unclenched his hands. He didn't attempt to offer any reassurance or doubts, just stood there. Waiting.
Steve shook his head. He hadn't admitted to himself that that was the case until just then, after all Peggy's pushing.
Steve hesitates. "What about your parents?"
"Trust me," Tony says, before Steve can figure out whether he most wants to address Tony's arrogance or the fact he didn't 'forget', he's just never been here.
"Banner and I were in space with you?" Steve asks, because that has to be it. The team never broke up. Bruce never left. Of course he and Steve would have found a way to get on that ship with Tony. And if they'd all been together when they faced Thanos... He has a horrible thought. If this Tony still went to space and ended up facing Thanos while he was there, then surely that means the Tony from back home also faced Thanos? And given the fact Thanos then came to Earth and got the last stone, then that means Tony lost, and if Tony lost then he's probably dead. Alone on some dead planet, rotting away in his suit, not even surviving long enough to be turned to ash by Thanos' purge.
S. H. I. E. L. D: Not your Nanny's Strip Club
Tony watched Steve's receding back till he was out of sight. 'What the fuck?' Tony was still standing there in shock as his friends bombarded him with questions.
To pick themselves up, dust themselves off, and leave their pasts behind them. . . like glitter on the floor.
"Is about to begin." Another voice, that for some reason sent shivers down Steve's spine, came over the speakers as a loud rock song came on. Lasers and mini fireworks lit the stage, the whole club exploded in an array of light and color. Steve was taken completely by surprise, as were about half of the club's population.
