long since he felt anything at all. Well, anything that wasn’t the excessive nothingness that was only ever interspersed by heavy, harrowing depressive episodes. Moments where he felt anything else were minimal with only a few glimpses of a gentle, safe peace and slight flashes of muted happiness that permeated the toxic mist that hung around every facet of Castiel’s life. And these moments only happened when he was with Meg or, now it seemed, his brother.
relief from the agonizing guilt that had continuously dug a hole in his gut since the day he had kicked Castiel out of the bunker. One night would not suddenly make things right after the weeks of solitude Castiel had been forced to endure. This was, however, the best he could do for now, and god-fucking-dammit, he was going to do it.
“You would have left me without saying goodbye?” Castiel’s voice was small, barely a whisper. The sound made Dean’s chest ache in a way that had become painfully familiar over the past couple of Cas-less weeks.
Cas was the one trying. He reached out. He kept trying to talk. Dean didn’t get to pretend he didn’t exist. He just didn’t. Dean could scream. He could yell. He could tell Cas to
Dean nodded, relief washing through him. He stilled his hands and leaned forward, gently touching his forehead to Castiel’s. The energy in the room seemed to palpably shift, and Dean inhaled deeply. The tightness in his throat eased. He could breathe again.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt you or hold you up, but I’m supposed to go to the cafeteria for dinner, and I have no idea how to get there.”
. There one second and gone the next. Dean, therefore, was forced to stay awake and stare at the wall of his room. He kept his eyes open, replaying the angel’s last words over and over again, his fists clenching and unclenching. He was livid, absolutely furious at the situation. An all-too-familiar rage was burning under his skin. Not this, not Cas, not like this. The anger pulsated, the ache beating along with his heart. But this time he could feel something equally vicious pulling for his attention. A new type of white-hot agony rivaling the anger in its ferocity And God did it
Cas stiffened. The uncertainty in Dean’s eyes making Cas feel cold all over. Dean must have felt the sudden rigidity of Cas muscles because his eyes widened and immediately moved his one hand and threaded it through Cas’s hair gently.
Dean cracked his door open. Cas was on his knees, with his back to Dean, in front of the couch which had been shoved so that it was angled in a different direction than it was before. He was digging in between the couch cushions. The apartment was a mess-- throw pillows on the floor, carpet rucked up, some of the kitchen drawers standing open.
Thank you so much to those of you who have read and left kudos on this! And particularly to those who left comments, you have no idea how much your feedback and your engagement with this story means to me.
was Cas’ first thought when he was confronted with Dean Winchester for the first time in half a decade.
Dean stopped what he was doing and glared at Cas, “I told you not to mention my brother when you’re naked.”
“I have only known you for a week, that’s true,” Castiel whispered, “but we have spent more time together than I have with almost anyone else in my life.” He moved the fingers of one hand into Dean’s hair, carding it through the dark gold strands. “And from what I can tell, you are one of the most selfless people I have ever met, one of the most compassionate and kind human beings,” he moved the hand not currently knotted in Dean’s hair to caress his cheek.
“This is turkey bacon,” Dean said pointedly ignoring Sam, “and this is the good stuff”. Dean pointed at another plate and winked at Eileen. Eileen smiled gratefully and grabbed a plate, Sam followed suit and Dean sat down with his coffee.
“So, stay Cas,” Dean whispered into their shared space, “And don’t ever leave me again. I will not be able to survive it. Stay. Stay with me in this life, and in the next.”
“Okay, fine,” Dean conceded when the silence became unbearable, “Yeah. I don’t like talking about my father.”
Cas cleared his throat. “Well, firstly, do you remember when you told me about what happened and how you had told Sam that you would get a restraining order against John?”
posted on social media. Not that Dean knew from frequent checking or anything. So, of course, when he did post, Dean would be curious. It was human nature: a very natural, very rational reaction.
Dean turned to the familiar sound. Cas was watching him with a frown from the far end of the hallway.
In the echoing darkness of their room, Dean heard Castiel inhale sharply and swallow loudly before replying, “Thank you, Dean.” His voice sounded rough and low, as if sleep were already ready to take Castiel too.
After Sam had disinfected the wound and made a splint for Dean’s hand, he sighed heavily. Dean’s eyes darted to him questioningly. “You should probably go to the hospital tomorrow and get that checked out properly.” Dean nodded and agreed gruffly as got up and headed towards the passage, probably heading to his room. Sam, however, knew Dean would not be going the hospital anytime soon.
The transition between the two thoughts took much longer than it should have. And he got stuck on the second one. He knew he was gaping, but he seemed unable to get the command for his mouth to close from his brain to his face, the neural message getting stuck in the sludgy disbelief currently coating the inside of his head.
Dean stilled; he didn’t want to think about the accident. Didn’t want to think of those moments. Not right now. Not when he was so happy.
someone that could reflect back to him all that he’s needed for so long. Someone who would understand without him having to explain. But, although he cared for them, there was something inside him that stopped him reaching out, stopped him from trying. So now, instead, he was awash in a mix of loneliness and numbness that were constantly at war which just left him feeling raw and achy. The only time this ache was bearable was when he was around Meg. But she didn’t understand, not all of him, not every dark scar scratched into his heart. And he wasn’t sure he wanted her to be that person for him. He already
“Yeah, Stevie got her on the phone. She’s coming tomorrow to talk to me, or later today I guess,” Dean said as he glanced at the window where the sun’s rays were filtering in more evidently.
Dean sighed theatrically. “Fine.” He walked over to the dresser to grab his own clothes. He wasn’t going in a full suit and tie, but he would at least put on his nicest collared shirt. It was a big event for Sam.
“Dean, I did…” Cas started, and Dean repressed the urge to close his eyes and drink in the sound of his gravelly voice. Dean interrupted him,
He grabbed his phone and checked the time, quarter-to-nine. That would mean it’s nearly three in the afternoon in Ireland. Dean opened his chat with Sam, and then hesitated. He really needed to talk to someone about what was going on because his brain was now an echo chamber of nothing but confusing thoughts. Would he be able to tell Sam that he jerked Cas off, and that he came harder than he had in years when Cas reciprocated?
Dean almost swallowed his tongue when Cas was suddenly in front of him. His entire head started buzzing when he saw nothing but soft, tanned skin stretching over toned muscles.
“What’s happening? Did you wake me up?” Dean asked, stifling a yawn and running his hand through his hair.
He quickly added creamer and two sugars to the mug he was holding and hurriedly shuffled to the coat rack.
“Well, catastrophizing is to view or present a situation as considerably worse than it actually is, often as a result of trauma. And if your survival and the survival of another was dependent on you constantly being prepared for the worst, it makes sense that that would be your “default” setting.”
Castiel knew Dean did not believe he was good with words. Castiel also knew, however, that there was nothing he could have said in that moment that would have made him happier than those
. He groaned and dug his face into the pillow. This situation, of course, made sense given what his brain had supplied for nighttime viewing, but that did not detract from how much Dean did not want to deal with it right now. The idea of jerking off while Cas was only a thin wall away was not his idea of a good time.
“Is that the infamous Dean, Cassie?” That accented voice grated against Dean. Dean snapped his eyes to Cas’ laptop where the image of a blonde guy wearing an unreadable expression was filling the screen.
photos. Dean’s heart did a weird flip-floppy thing that he steadfastly ignored. Much like he ignored the phone with the unanswered message lying next to him on the couch.
“Dean?” Castiel whispered, his heart beating painfully in his throat, old lies trying to break into his mind, trying to break him away from this moment. But how could Castiel focus on anything else, worry about
“Yes, Dean. You’re exhausted,” Cas’ finger dropped to ghost over the shadows beneath Dean’s eyes. The touch so gentle that Dean’s throat constricted.
Next week: A flashback to how Dean and Cas met and both boys struggling with the memories and feelings being around the other elicits.
“You knew what I was asking, you knew I wanted to know if he was safe. You intentionally misled me.” Dean hated the way he sounded, how devoid his words were of the anger that was boiling him alive.
“Right, let’s get you settled in then,” Charlie said, as she filed the papers away that Amara had given her.
“I know how terrifying this is, but you are strong enough to do it. And, honestly, I found it quite cathartic when I was in your position.”
Sam scoffed, “Yeah, not likely. Dean, you have a lot of unfinished business with Cas. Maybe now is a good time to talk, to get some closure – “
“I’m not a doctor, but the first medication they had me on gave me such bad vertigo, I tripped over my own feet for a week. Sometimes, the drugs have very strange side effects. Did you tell Missouri about it in your session?”
Dean pouted for a second and then exhaled dramatically, “Fine, but I have no idea how I’m gonna keep my hands off you now that I’ve had a taste.”
Please note, this chapter is quite heavy and deals with some difficult topics, although I did try to not go into excessive detail. Please see the end notes for trigger warnings.
“It has nothing to do with you,” Dean hastily added, “I just really don’t remember, and when I think about it, I get this pit in my stomach, it's terrifying and cold. And yeah, so I don’t like thinking about it let alone talking about it.”
“Everything. Weird things. Mundane things,” Cas started, “The first moment I saw you, I was curious. Curiosity, what a beautifully tedious emotion, but I hadn’t felt it in years. Hadn’t experienced anything like it in such a long time. It was so bizarre and seemingly intoxicating, all I wanted was to know about you and your story... My story, the one I shared on Monday, I spoke of feeling like a corpse. The living dead. I didn’t feel anything outside the realm of pain and nothingness. Not really. Sometimes, on good days, I felt like I experienced emotions through a haze, like a barrier of water blurred the feelings, but I didn’t
She walked out of the room without looking back. Dean all but crumpled in the seat the second she was out of view, and Cas’ hands were there, cradling his face.
“It’s not for me. It’s for you brother. You know, weird guy, about this high, with the eating habits of a toddler,” Meg replied.
"No," Dean sighed, "Amara explained the place, it's vision and shit, about why she thought being away from home would be good. But I can't justify being away from Sam, from my responsibilities for... it's different if it was... I can't do it for fun things."
the sensation in what felt like a decade. If, however, you didn’t eat in a psych ward – or long-term
Dean rolled over and groaned into the pillow he had not slept on. What a complete and utter clusterfuck of a situation.
which no one was good at, except Hannah, and luckily, she was on Dean and Cas’ team. When they won, Dean stuck his tongue out at Claire who rolled her eyes and then continued to sulk for the remainder of the evening.
Very few people outside of Bobby and Sam knew how badly the breakup had fucked Dean up. The only other person was Charlie. Of course, Sam would be worried, Dean would be too if the situation was reversed.
And then, miraculously, Sam’s earthy eyes focused, if somewhat hazily, on him. And recognition, clear as day, washed over his pale features.
Dean tried to nod, to speak, but he was frozen. He had been avoiding thinking about it all morning. He didn’t have the energy to have this conversation. He was barely keeping himself together as is, and he was meeting with Amara after breakfast. He didn’t have time to pick up the pieces that he would surely shatter into if he had to relive that night again before that meeting.
“Sit up straight,” Dean ordered as he slowly lowered Cas onto the couch. Cas coughed again but did as he was told.
Cas dropped his head and licked up Dean’s neck. He gently tugged Dean’s earlobe with his teeth. “I have waited for this for over a decade Winchester,” Dean shuddered as the voice ghosted across his ear, “I want to savor every moment of this. I want to remember it with perfect clarity. I want to make you feel … everything.”
He has told Missouri about these events though. She gave him some techniques to calm himself and the painful thud of his overworking heart when he awoke in these states.
“Clarence,” she greeted, jumping up from her seat and throwing her arms around him in one fluid and familiar motion. Despite the heaviness that generally attached itself to Castiel like a twisted shadow, he found himself smiling.
. And, if the memory of Sam lying motionless and ghostly pale in that sterile room wasn’t still seared onto the backs of his eyelids, if the memory of the panic he had felt was not still haunting his thoughts, both awake and asleep, he would pile Castiel into the back of the Impala immediately and take him shopping for his very first set of bed sheets and his own memory foam mattress.
“It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance,” Cas said, smiling at Sam. Sam looked between the two of them for a bit. When he noticed Dean softly rubbing Cas’ back, Dean saw understanding bloom in his eyes.
Cas dislodged his hand from Dean’s to gently wipe the tears from Dean’s face. His hand lingered on Dean’s jaw. Dean curved his face into it and placed a grateful kiss to the center of his palm.
The door opened and revealed Cas, but he was no longer donning the confused expression. Instead, he looked resolved if a little weary. “Dean, Balthazar explained what that – “
“Dean, you didn’t,” Castiel said earnestly. He debated with himself for a few seconds before moving out of the crouch and sitting next to Dean on the bed. Dean shifted slightly, some of the tension bleeding out of him.
Firstly, I wasn't going to write a proposal here when I did my plot outline. I thought it was something that was done often in fics and I wanted to move away from it. But then, as I was writing it, I just realized that Cas deserves nice things. And the two of them deserve a soft ending, no matter the world they exist in. So this was the result.
After he had finally admitted that he needed long term care, that is. Or more accurately, wanted… that he wanted to get better.
That evening, as the two retired to their room for the night, Dean’s chest felt lighter than he remembered it being for a long time.
Dean, seeing it resting there, was overcome with emotion again and he was crying openly as he pulled Cas in again. They kissed long and slow. He could taste the saltiness of their mixed tears on his tongue. But that wasn’t all, Cas tasted like hope, like contentment.
“Yeah, she explained what happened yesterday. So, we’ve scheduled an extra session with Pamela on Monday.”
Dean would have, of course, paid for it if he had to because, come hell or high water, there was just no fucking way he was missing Sam’s wedding. He just wanted to make sure there weren’t options that weren’t going to leave him bankrupt upon returning to American soil.
“Dean, those first few days after the car accident, you were in and out of consciousness a lot. You said a lot of things about what happened with your father; what happened in the car; your decision to end both of your lives…”
“Life has not been easy for anyone here, but I think that it’s a good place for second chances,” Castiel shrugged as he stood up. Dean echoed the movement without thinking about it.
I am publishing this a day early, because I have quite a full day tomorrow and don't know if I will have access to the internet and I didn't want to fall behind on my schedule.
“They didn’t specify; they don’t really know the rules or where you are. Just that you’re somewhere.”
The way he said it so simply cracked something inside Dean. He dropped his elbows onto Sam’s bed and buried his face in his hands. “Sam, I’m the oldest. That’s my job. My job is to look out for you, to keep you safe. You shouldn’t feel like you have to…”
Cas clucked his tongue impatiently, and Dean rolled his eyes but sat up, and as he did so, Dean noticed Cas staring at his chest. Dean slept without a shirt on most nights. He felt a little flustered now, with Cas staring at him so openly. His stomach started contorting itself into oddly shaped knots.
very much alive: color painted his features, he twitched restlessly in his sleep and Dean could very clearly hear his breathing.
“I was not your responsibility, yet you took care of me more than our parents ever did. Gabriel, you have nothing to be sorry about.”
Billie had ensured an iron clad restraining order was delivered to John before Sam was even discharged from hospital. There was no way John was showing up today. Although, admittedly, the odds of him showing up even if there was not a legal reason keeping him away was almost zero. So, Sam did not have his parents at his graduation, but that didn’t mean he didn’t have his family.
“Well, Dean, the point in talking about it is that you’ve been dealing with the pressure of having this kind of parent since you were five, as according to your file, that’s when your mother passed. That’s a long time and it was a very young age to be exposed to continual trauma…”
Castiel walked slowly through the halls that he has become so accustomed to, and before he reached the reception area, he tugged his hoodie sleeves lower, grasping the edges tightly with his fingers. He spotted Meg immediately after he entered through the doors leading into the reception area, where all visitors had to wait after signing in. Her hair was loose, and there were dark, purple shadows under her eyes. Castiel noticed she was biting at the nail of her thumb anxiously as she stared at her phone. Castiel darted his eyes around the room, not admitting to himself that he was looking for Gabriel. And, when he couldn’t see him, he continued with the internal denial and didn’t think about how much pain that disappointment caused him.
The first couple of days after Amara’s visit, Dean had been like a barely contained tornado; constantly in motion, constantly talking, either to Castiel, Bobby, Charlie or Amara. Oftentimes, Castiel would even find him talking to Jody at length about Alex’s recovery, the types of therapies she had done, exercises, and what the doctors recommended. Given that Sam and Alex’s injuries were vastly different, Castiel doubted that there would be much overlap in their recovery processes, but Dean always seemed calmer when he felt like he had something to do. So Castiel said nothing while Dean nodded along to whatever physical therapy method Jody explained, even taking notes and asking questions. Jody didn’t say anything either, just indulged all of his inquiries.
Dean spent the entire day in his room, only leaving to get food, and when Cas, who was either sprawled out on the couch with his laptop perched on his lap or fumbling around in the kitchenette, tried to talk to Dean, Dean steadfastly ignored him. He just pretended Cas did not exist. He made sure to grab the easiest possible food options so that he wouldn’t be stuck in the kitchenette for longer than he absolutely had to be.
“What?” Dean snapped, the calm uncoiling in front of Castiel’s eyes. The rigidity bled into uncontrolled movement. He was shaking, fidgeting, flexing his fingers.
“Dean, there’s a reason your mind has done this, and until you are ready to remember, it won’t do you any favors to try to force your mind into recalling those days.”
This level of undress, both his forearms and shins exposed, was unusual for Cas. In fact, he looked practically naked. Dean remembered that he usually dressed in layers. He remembered that he always dressed to the nines up to, and including, a trench coat, even for eight a.m. lectures. Dean, himself, usually attended these in the pajamas from the night before. He was efficient like that.
“What about you? In all of this, did you think about yourself, what that could have done to you?” Castiel tried to keep any judgement out of his voice. He wasn’t judging Dean. He was scared for him. He knew better than most what that specific type of desperation felt like, how all-consuming it was, how much it narrowed your focus.
Dean hummed in agreement, trying to ignore the way his heart was hammering a staccato out in his chest.
“Don’t look at me like that, Cas. I promise it’s way worse than it looks.” Dean was itching to change the direction of the conversation.
He was entertaining these thoughts when he reached his door. He felt a strange desire to knock, although technically, it was his room too. He sighed as he gently opened it.
Something white hot and acidic shot down his arms. His brain got foggy, and he fought between two warring instincts: to clear his throat obnoxiously loudly or to turn and spend the rest of the day hiding away in the kitchen. Luckily, the embrace didn’t last long and Castiel caught Dean’s eye over Max’s shoulder.
So, firstly, thank you so much for being here and for reading another chapter. Especially, thank you to those who left kudos or commented. I appreciate it so much!
Cas stuck his hands in the pockets of his slacks to hide the fact that they were shaking. “I’m not?”
But the sight of the person framed by the doorway froze the blood in Dean’s veins, stopped the air from leaving his lungs, and caused the wiring in his brain to short circuit.
“Missouri,” she said softly yet urgently into the receiver. “No, it’s not… Dean…. Yes… Castiel, he said he thinks everything… Mmm… Okay”
What exactly she understood, however, was still a mystery to Dean. He hadn’t opened a vein and gushed about his life, about how much pain he was always in, how lost and confused he felt, about the scars that seemed to cover wounds that hadn’t healed properly, both external and internal. But, there was something in her eyes that made him feel like she recognized something in him.
, Dean was not actually dealing with the ex problem that he should be dealing with – the one that was not a problem that resulted directly from his own actions.
Meg looked relieved, “I haven’t spoken to the guy in years. You can tell me all about who he is now.”
“No exactly. It’s horrible but smart because its how they get the animals to be submissive. It takes the fight out of them.” Sam continued.
Castiel continued running his hands and lips all over Dean. They stayed like that for a while, until Dean had calmed down enough, so that Castiel felt comfortable to pull Dean slightly away from where he was clinging to his chest, so that he could cradle his face in between his hands. “Do you want to talk about it?”
Cas tensed, waiting for Dean’s reaction. They hadn’t had the chance to talk about them yet, about what they wanted, what last night had meant. But to his utter relief, Dean let out a short but very real laugh and shrugged.
was defined by him constantly counting down the hours to his release while simultaneously berating himself for worrying about the hours left instead of actually experiencing them. It was an absolutely torturous cycle that he seemed completely incapable of getting himself out of. Pamela, in their last session, had informed him that this was natural and that he shouldn't be so hard on himself. Which, of course, was easier said than done. Castiel had made progress while he was here, but he was still human.
me. I just, I need you to trust me, Cas.” Dean hated the begging tone that seemed to leak into his request, but he knew that he would happily drop onto his knees if it meant he could get Castiel to understand. If he could get Castiel to stop looking at him in that guarded manner,  Dean would kneel, plead, pray and beg just to bring back the look of adoration Cas used to have when he looked at Dean (don’t think about it).
“No, this is for Castiel. I wanted to check on him too, but now it looks like I am killing two birds with one stone.”
“You didn’t explain, you just told me to leave,” Castiel said after a moment, voice still unsure, but luckily for Dean, he did not try to reclaim his hand.
His room was empty, and he tried very hard not to panic. Logically, he knew that Cas had to be here; that last night had not been a dream.
Castiel chucked the bottles of water at him. The array of snacks soon followed, gathering together to create a cesspool of unhealthy goods. Dean patted the bed next to him as he finished the first bottle of water in a few fast and deep swallows. Castiel sat down as far as possible from Dean as the bed would allow, almost shrinking against the headboard on the opposite end (don’t think about it). He passed Castiel one of the chocolate bars as he opened up the jerky.
He opened his mouth but luckily was saved from replying by Claire dropping into the seat next to Dean’s.
“And yeah, that’s when you woke up,” Sam concluded. Cas heard a catch in his voice, likely due to strain. Sam had been talking for a very long time. And although Cas had been paying very close attention to the story his eyes had, furtively but consistently, been jumping to the door leading into the kitchen. Dean had still not returned, and Cas did not like the idea of him being alone while being in the frenzied state he had left in.
“Lawrence Memorial Hospital,” the woman had said, dark eyes flicking up to meet his own. She had stared at him briefly and then dropped her gaze to the drying crimson specks on his hand.
“Of course, Castiel,” Gabriel said solemnly, “I should have been here sooner. Shouldn’t have left at all, if you want to get into it.”
Dean breathed in deeply and let his imagination run a little more wild. He drew on memories, experiences, instead of the two-dimensional photo. He thought of how her legs felt wrapped around his waist, her soft mouth on his. He thought of how her long, dark hair cascaded down her shoulders as she looked up at him from where she was kneeling in front of him.
“What the fuck are you gonna do? You might have an older brother that left you, but that’s not who I am. I need to get to him. Now.”
As Cas dragged the heel of his palms down Dean’s chest, stopping only to scrape his thumbs across his nipples, he realized there were more freckles than he'd remembered. Dean must have been spending more time in the sun now than when they were in college. Cas' heart constricted at not knowing why he was spending more time outside. Of not being part of the –
“Dean,” Cas groaned, hips rolling forward. Dean smirked as he continued moving his lips on Cas’ skin.
And as Dean pulled away slightly, but not far enough away as to break the contact between their foreheads, he slipped the ring onto Cas’ finger.
Dean felt rooted to the spot, his arms shaking violently. Of course, of fucking course, Cas would be reliving this moment. Dean took a very deep breath and headed down the hall and towards the memory that had physically cracked his heart down the middle.
“I asked him how the two of you knew each other. He explained that there was a bit of a complicated history, but he did not say anything rude or cruel. I wouldn’t have kept speaking to him if he had,” Castiel explained.
Dean flicked a glance to Cas. The blue eyes were boring into his, a glacier of undivided attention. Dean felt itchy all over. His tongue felt swollen, cutting off the words that were hesitantly trying to leave his mouth. Dean closed his eyes and counted to five then opened his mouth again, trying to hold on to the resolve that he had felt entering this room.
Dean’s arms came up and circled Castiel’s neck as he rose up from the bed slightly, so he could attach his mouth to the skin right underneath Castiel’s ear.
Eventually, he heard Dean leave his room and move softly to the kitchenette. When he heard Dean clattering around in there, his stomach growled. He grabbed his phone and checked the time: 10:18 a.m.
Dean was absolutely terrified that Cas would realize he was wrong about him, that he wasn’t a prize, wasn’t someone who was deserving of this level of reverence. He could barely even
Dean closed the distance between them again, kissing Castiel gently, cradling his face. Castiel was the one to deepen it, to open his mouth, to lick at Dean’s lower lip. He relished the way Dean shuddered as his tongue slipped into his mouth. The hand that had been holding Castiel’s back, slipped down until it reached the hem of his shirt. Dean tugged it lightly, a question. Castiel nodded, and Dean pulled it up and over. The second his t-shirt hit the ground; Dean’s hands were on him. His hands dragged across his chest, stomach, back. Dean’s hands were calloused, and where the rough skin moved against him, Castiel erupted in goosebumps. It was so addictive, and it made him feel so alive. He was aware of every point of contact between them. He was
Sam has not woken up and was nowhere near consciousness yet, but he started showing some signs of early responsiveness. Only motor responses to physical sensations, like turning toward a sound, pulling away from something uncomfortable, or following movements with his eyes, but there were no responses to verbal commands as of yet. But it was real progress.
Thank you so much for reading, and continually commenting and leaving kudos. Any interactions with this story warms me up inside. And it's heading into winter in the southern hemisphere, so the extra warmth is appreciated.
Dean’s eyes jumped to Cas’ face before quickly darting away, but he couldn’t help but notice the drawn look, the shadows that bled out from under his eyes.
Dean followed Castiel’s lead, quietly falling into step beside him. They had barely made it through the door before Castiel whirled on Dean, “What’s going on with you?”
He was not sure how long he lay there, curled on his side, cradling his stomach that was recoiling violently, before the door to the room creaked open.
Meg’s eyes snapped up to him, and Castiel barely had time to register the exhausted look in her eyes, to see the lines etched into her face that seemed to tell the story of one much older than her, before breaking into a winning smile.
Castiel seemed to sense this, so he hung his arm around Dean’s shoulder and pulled him tight against his side.
Dean thought as white hot frustration simmered within him. Dean lowered his hand again, closed his eyes and thought of the picture Lisa had sent him yesterday. He pictured her long, smooth legs, the curves of her calves, her thighs, how the lacy panties had clung to her form.
“He should be where he is loved,” Eileen agreed, her eyes jumping to Dean. Dean pretended not to notice as he stared at his coffee very intensely. Studying it as if the color itself was the most endlessly fascinating thing he had ever seen.
Castiel tilted his head to the side, the angle so familiar to Dean that he felt an ache somewhere deep below his sternum.
But could he talk to him about the emotional aspect of things? Yes, that he could do. Sam was great with that crap. Always has been. And so is Eileen. It couldn’t hurt to talk to them.
After more of this frenzied kissing, more exploring hands and needy bites and licks, Dean pulled away, “We should stop.”
The next couple of days pass in a blur. Sam is agitated and confused, constantly forgetting where he is and talking nonsense. Dean had been very concerned when, during that first visit, after Sam had looked at him directly, the first thing he asked him was, “
to him. Whether Dean was angry at the fucker or not, Cas had an effect on Dean that no one else ever has.
(which he definitely did not watch for its medical accuracy), so he needed Bobby to explain what was happening a couple of times before he fully understood it, and he was still unsure about a lot of the lingo.
Dean nodded. The answer was vague, but at least he wasn’t talking about the magical liopleurodons (and how they were going to show him the way) anymore.
Castiel huffed out a laugh. It would have been easy to dismiss the comment as arrogant, but Castiel could see the relief in Dean’s eyes. Bravado can be a great shield.
“Dean, that’s the second time that’s happened in the last hour. What’s causing you pain?” Castiel asked, his voice rough.
Before Dean had come to Sam and Eileen and told them of his plan to save Cas, Sam had found some information in the Men of Letters archives of a dimension called
. He thought he heard Cas make a desperate hissing sound. Dean lifted his hands to run it over Cas’ back, tracing every ridge of his spine with one hand and then the other. He closed his eyes again, trying to memorize the feel of the hard muscles on the angel’s back, to engrain the exact texture of Cas skin into his brain.
Dawn was just starting to make an appearance, just starting to coat the room in muted yellows and pinks when Castiel heard heavy, familiar footfalls in the passageway. He had the door opened before Dean was even outside the room.
He walked back to the bedroom and grabbed his phone where it was resting on the coffee-brown side table, still plugged in to the charger in the wall. As he walked back into the bathroom, he opened
Dean eyed Castiel blearily. The former angel was standing with his arms crossed over his chest and was leaning against the door frame, effectively blocking Dean from entering their shared motel room.
“Very funny, Mr Winchester,” Missouri said. And although her tone remained the same, there was something in the way she was looking at him that made him realize that she did not, in fact, find it funny.
Pamela had told him it was okay, in his first session with her, when he had sat in her therapy room, fidgeting with the fresh, red dappled bandages on his wrists.
“You’re a part of this family,” Dean said softly, wincing at the memories of the times he had let the boy down. He lowered his eyes and started fidgeting with a book that had been left discarded on the table.
Gabriel let out a low whistle, and Castiel’s face burned as he guiltily looked away from where Dean had just been.
It started as a soft scrambling noise on the other side of the wall that divided his and Cas’ rooms. But then, the scrambling turned insistent, louder. It sounded like Cas was throwing things around his room. Dean locked his phone again and hesitantly stood up.
Right, Dean had the en-suite bathroom. So, Cas would have to use the one that was opposite his room, across the living area. This image might be a common occurrence.
with you, near you… but I couldn’t focus on it because  then we had the kid, and the next mission in the apocalypse world and Michael and ...” he trailed off. Dean eased up on the pressure he was using to dig his fingers into his lap.
and yet he still didn’t have him back. He was still on his knees next to the bed. Dean dropped his eyes back to the sleeping angel and he had to fight a very new and confusing urge to fit himself in next to Cas, to tuck his face into the crevice of the angel’s neck and relish in the feel of Cas’ skin against his cheek. Dean felt himself flush and then quickly shook his head, as if the action itself could clear the very perplexing thoughts currently short circuiting the wiring in his brain. The idea never left his head but seeing as it would be highly uncomfortable to climb into bed with his best friend while his son, his brother and his brother’s girlfriend are all within a two feet radius, he settled for placing his hand directly next to Cas’ on the comforter, their pinky fingers almost touching.
He sighed in resignation as he grabbed the duffle from his bed. Bobby had dropped off some spare clothes and toiletries for him with Amara. When she had brought this small duffle to him, she had also informed him that a bigger, more thoroughly stocked bag would be packed and sent to Everlasting. Dean had been relieved to change into something familiar and out of the hospital gown that so loudly screamed “Hey look! Something is wrong here!”, but it had been obvious that Sam had not been involved with the packing as none of his favorite shirts nor his favorite pair of jeans had been packed. Sam was the only person who knew those kinds of things.
Okay, so the previous night had happened. Castiel bit down on the inside of his cheek to stop the humiliated groan that was building in the back of his throat. He shifted slightly, trying to find a way to extricate himself from Dean without waking him. But suddenly, Dean was sitting up, eyes wide but a little hazy, and Castiel almost tumbled off of the bed. Dean instinctively reached out and grabbed him before he fell.
So, that is how after two days of silence Dean found himself knocking on his brother’s door in the middle of the night… again. Sam opened the door faster than Dean was expecting, he must still have been awake, and he heard a small gasp coming from inside the room.
So this chapter is some schmexy times. Not too explicit, obviously, given the rating. However, if this is not your thing then please feel free to skip this chapter.
“That’s how I feel every day I’m with you,” Dean said smiling. Castiel’s heart clenched at the earnestness in his tone. “But this is not about me. What you’re feeling is valid. Of course, it makes sense that right now would be confusing and scary. Fuck, if I were you, I’d be terrified. But Cas, buddy, you have to know that you are strong enough to do this. You are the strongest person I know. You have survived more than you should have had to, but you came out on the other side. You are loved and have people that will always look out for you. You won’t have to do it alone this time. This is going to be so good for you. Life is going to be so good to you. Because you deserve it and because I will physically fight anyone or anything that tries to take it away from you.”
TW: mild sexual content; mentions of canon deaths of minor characters; gunshot wound (non fatal); depression
“Yeah,” Dean swallowed heavily. “I found it one day when I got lost fetching Sam from a friend’s house. I really liked the tranquility. I’d come here when things got difficult. It felt a little like an oasis, something untouched by my real life, you know?”
“You’re the best part of my week; I only come because I want to. I hate everyone else. Seriously, if I didn’t get to see you this frequently, I would probably lose my mind. I…” Meg stopped herself short, her eyes wide.
They drove on, comfortable silence stretching between them. Dean even dropped off for a couple of minutes while Cas was running his fingers up and down Dean’s arm.
Dean’s jaw dropped. He has seen about ten photos of Cas in the past five years (okay, not about, he saw exactly ten photos. Whatever.) And now, suddenly, he has
“You losers want to watch a movie tonight?” Meg called as she walked into the lounge area, already dressed in her pajamas.
“Obviously,” Meg said smiling as she reached her hand out to Castiel to help him up, “There’s no reason for him to stay with Chuck and Naomi, or for them to know he’s back in the States at all.”
“Cas?” The word, barely a breath, tumbled from his throat. Cas’ pale lips were melting into a smile and before Dean knew exactly what was happening, he had pulled Cas into him. The action was inelegant. It was frantic. It was a violent collision of chests and arms and a desperate grasping at anything solid. Dean needed proof that he was there,
“Yes, Ma’am,” Gabriel said, and the serious look flew off his face and was instantly replaced with the mischievous one Castiel had known since childhood.
“We have quite a bit of free time here. We usually spend it in the day room. They don’t like us spending too much time in our bedrooms, but there are certain activities that happen daily,” Castiel explained. “So, for example, every day we have group sessions, but the times are different. And your schedule will tell you when you have individual therapy, which is either with Pamela or Missouri. And we have at least one group non-therapy activity a day. Like Wednesday is Yoga and Friday is art.”
– Dean’s hand tightened around the plastic. He moved back to Cas, sat down next to him and held out both hands: one with a cup of coffee, one with his inhaler.
Dean turned away from where his face was pressed into Cas’ chest to look at him and Cas’ eyes were wide. “Dean…”
Dean startled and pulled himself up into a seated position. Cas, who had apparently been re-organizing his dresser, if the pile of clothes he had just neatly laid in one of the drawers was any indication, walked over to him.
Cas could do this. He could give Dean the outlet for his emotions, could help purge the hurt and anger and betrayal that were clouding his features. It was his fault they were there after all. It was his fault that Dean was feeling this way.
“You did… you did what?” Dean asked, more than a little shocked at the sheer domesticity of the gesture.
“Well, then I’ll ask again. What do you want, Dean?” Cas’ breathing was labored. So was Dean’s. The apartment was silent except for the strained sounds of the air leaving and entering their respective lungs. The tension was palpable. It was bleeding into the room, bleaching the oxygen from the air.
I really wanted to thank you all for reading this story and interacting with it. Both the voiced and silent support is so appreciated!  So from the bottom of my heart, thank you.
of Cas wearing that thing (because of course his brain would supply those super helpful images) that he didn’t hear the soft creak of Cas’ bedroom door as it opened. He was completely unprepared for seeing Cas, let alone him in nothing save for a towel slung low on his hips. As in, completely unprepared.
After, Dean lay with his head on Cas’ chest while Cas ran his fingers up and down Dean’s arm. Both men were breathing heavily.
, yet you still have amnesia. There is something you are trying to forget. But that’s not what I meant. It’s more than that. It’s what they found when they did the x-rays on you after the accident. Dean, they found a troubling number of healed fractures.”
“Dinner?” Castiel asked, and Dean nodded eagerly. As the two left the room, Dean had to actively stop himself from grabbing Castiel’s hand.
“You,” Dean admitted, the lowly lit room making him feel confident enough to be honest. “You were gone again. And I kept trying to get to you, but no matter what I did… I kept watching you disappear over and over again.” Dean stopped himself from continuing, his voice already shaking. Tears burned in his eyes and he swallowed heavily against the thick feeling forming in his throat. Cas’s hand stilled as he moved himself closer to Dean. Cas moved his hand down and splayed it across Dean’s chest. Dean felt the tears brimming as the remnants of his nightmares flashed in his mind.
where he was not awake or speaking but sometimes reacted to stimuli. Not all the time, though. Bobby had mentioned, however, that as the days progressed, the times he reacted started outnumbering the times that he didn’t.
Cas lifted his hands and placed one on either side of the doorframe, so that his arms stretched the length of the doorway, completely blocking Dean from leaving and making it impossible for Dean to shut the door on him.
Castiel sat upright. “No, I want to talk about it. But I am very tired, so can we do it over coffee?”
If you want to come say hi or share your thoughts about the first chapter, you can find me on tumblr
at random points in the day. Still felt the urge to rip his hair out and barge to the nurses’ station and demand that he be let out
The image he conjured stubbornly refused to leave his mind as he spurted onto the wall of the shower.
“Yeah, Yeah,” Dean grumbled. Cas smiled at the hunter, his heart feeling full. Dean scurried over to where the breakfast foods were on display. Sam had really gone all out and Dean was piling his plate high with food.
Dean didn’t want to talk to him. Didn’t want to hear him say that it was a mistake, that there was a reason they broke up in the first place. And although Dean didn’t necessarily agree with the reasons Cas had said all those many years ago, it didn’t take away from the fact that it did happen. To Cas, the breakup had been logical. Cas was always the logical one. And, logically, one night doesn’t automatically take them back to, you know, being
Dean felt significantly better once he left Missouri’s office, which he admittedly did after hours instead of his allotted fifty minutes. She had calmed him, reassured him that his life outside these walls would not crumble in his absence. They went through his schedule, each activity explained and the benefits outlined, and although he would vehemently deny this out loud, he was grateful. He wasn’t sure what had happened in that missing week; that black shutter was firmly stuck in place--but he hadn’t been lying to Castiel when he spoke to him earlier. Every time he tries to think about that absence in his memory, whenever he looks too closely at that nothingness, a dread so overwhelming it blocks out everything else, fills all of his senses. Blinds him. Deafens him. Cuts off his oxygen. He didn’t want to think about it. He
Castiel burst out laughing and was happy to see some of Dean’s real smile sliding back. He wanted the fake smile gone more than he could remember wanting anything else. He wanted Dean to look at him with his eyes dancing with humour, with his lips tugged upward.
“Don’t apologize,” Dean breathed into his ear and kissed a soft line down his jaw. When he pulled away, Castiel let out a low whine.
“Good morning to you, Dean,” Castiel greeted, smiling affectionately at the man sprawled out on his own bed as if his limbs were trying to find the ways in which to touch most of the surface area of the blanket.
“Heya, Cas,” Dean greeted and then dropped his gaze to Max, “You okay, Max?” The animosity had bled out of him. He could see that Max was, obviously, in a bad place.
“Dean,” Castiel grinned fondly, “I was looking for the right words.” He reached for Dean and pulled him back to their earlier positions.
Cas grabbed Dean’s shoulders, spun him slightly and shoved him backwards until Dean’s back hit the wall. Dean’s hands automatically wove through Cas’ hair and tugged him closer. Cas’ lips met his at the same moment as his hands gripped his hips. Cas kissed Dean breathless, as he so often did.
Tears were streaming down Castiel’s face, “And I know that’s not what I’ll get. What I’ll get is a lecture about how I let them down, how all this attention-seeking isn’t helpful. That I am sinful, selfish and…”
Eileen touched Sam’s shoulder, nodded, and winked. Dean burst out laughing when Sam turned an extremely entertaining shade of red.
“That’s not very stealthy Dean,” Sam countered, “you could wake it up again. Plus it is a literal endless void, you could be running around forever.”
“I do really think this is the right thing for you, Dean. And, I know it will be difficult to not have contact with your family for a while, but this way you focus on you. And, I will come see you every Saturday so that you aren’t alone on visitation day.”
As she walked past him and behind the reception desk, he noticed that she was pushing earphones into the pocket of her scrubs.
Cas spilled into Dean’s hand who only slowed his movements but didn't fully stop. It was bordering on too much, but Cas was desperate to get Dean over the edge. He pulled Dean towards him and tilted his head so that his throat was bared to Cas. Cas latched himself onto Dean’s neck, speeding up his movements, and when Dean made that familiar sound that indicated he was close, Cas lightly scraped his teeth down the column of his neck, and then, Dean was coming on his hand.
“And I know I apologized the first time I saw you, but I only apologized for not knowing then, for not realizing. But I am sorry for a whole lot more than that. I am sorry that I left in the first place, back in high school. I’m sorry that I left the second time. I’m sorry that when I left, I completely disappeared…. I’m sorry that I let you down so many times. I’m sorry I wasn’t there when you needed someone to catch you.”
They worked each other rough and fast. It was desperate and frenzied, and Dean kept biting Cas, his teeth digging angrily into the muscle of his shoulder, his chest, his neck.
The three of them walked through the glass double doors, and Meg dropped Castiel’s arm in order to beeline for Charlie, dragging Gabriel behind her.
Thank you so much to everyone who has interacted with this fic in anyway! I genuinely appreciate it so very much :)! Again,  I know this is a day early but I have a lot of work I need to do tomorrow, so thought I'd get this out a little earlier. I do seem incapable of actually publishing on a Sunday.
He had been surprised when he’d tasted the salt of his own tears on his lips. He had rubbed the back of his hand down his cheeks. He had clenched his hands and stared at the swirling patterns on the carpet, waiting for the heat to fade from his eyes. He was so tired of crying.
“What kind of things?” Dean asked mischievously, and when Cas looked at him, he wiggled his eyebrows in a comically suggestive way. Cas huffed out what was undoubtedly an exasperated, yet affectionate, sound.
“So, you were definitely a dick to the guy then,” Sam sounded so goddamn sure of himself. It was annoying.
felt. Castiel’s mouth crept into a slow smile, and he started lazily running his hands up and down Dean’s back.
“So, before the whole incident with Dean’s brother,” Castiel started as he folded his legs under him on the couch, “Dean was planning on filing a restraining order against his father.” Castiel had told Meg and Gabriel some of what happened with Dean and Sam; not the full detailed story,however, as those details weren’t his to share.
When Dean’s breathing seemed to be normal again, after what was far too long a time, he looked at himself in the mirror above the basin. His eyes were wild, a frantic energy written into the lines of his face.
Dean dropped his phone next to him on the bed and stared unseeingly out the small window. He knew he promised Cas that they would talk today, but he’d mostly just said that to get Cas to
Castiel listened as her footfalls diminished. Dean was wiping at his eyes and pouting in a way that reminded Castiel of a grumpy toddler. He laughed affectionately before leaning in and kissing Dean’s forehead.
And hers were compounded because she had first-hand experience of what he looked like when he fell, of when he broke. Castiel felt shaken by one night of worrying, one sleepless night, and yet, Meg had endured it night after night, not once complaining, not once asking for help. She worried for him. She loved him.
“I can’t even imagine,” Dean sympathized, “So, let’s get you fed. You can’t enter into the emotional warpath on an empty stomach.”
“If you don’t get yourself caffeinated in the next five minutes, I’m requesting a new roommate,” Castiel warned as he tied his shoes.
Castiel leaned the side of his head against Dean’s and squeezed where his hand was resting on Dean’s shoulder.
“Used to?” Cas questioned, resting his hand on Dean’s thigh. They were quiet for a moment, and Cas gently started tracing patterns on Dean’s leg with his fingertips.
Cas smiled widely at the screen, “That’s not what I meant, but I am happy we have that in our favour.”
Cas, for his part, did try to speak to him all three times he crawled out of his room, but Dean was stuck in his resolve and was incredibly proud of himself when he didn’t break. Not once. He was dead silent the whole day.
There was silence, and Dean watched the look of contemplation sweeping over Castiel’s face as he thought about his answer.
He was happier than he had been in quite some time, while still plagued with a terrifying abyss that hung over every move he made. He was elated yet terrified, excited yet fearful, and the warring emotions were very draining in their intensity. Dean felt like he was holding something made of glass while crossing a cobblestone and potholed terrain, scared to drop it but forced to move.
“Yes,” Castiel conceded, “but I know you did not mean it. We both knew that whatever brought you here was something dark and something horrible. And lashing out when remembering the event that was so traumatic it literally caused
“It seems like you have all had a very eventful couple of weeks,” Cas said into the lingering silence.
He shrugged off his trench coat and hung it up on the coat rack, next to a green jacket that must have been Dean’s.
Castiel took a long sip and the caffeine sang in his veins.  He gulped down another couple of swallows before turning to Gabriel. “You have my full attention.”
They stared at each other for a long time. And then Dean’s stare morphed into a glare, a muscle in his jaw twitched as he visibly grit his teeth. Cas sighed. “Is there something you want to say to me, Dean?”
“John wasn’t really around. As the drinking got worse, he disappeared for longer periods. It started as a night here and there, but by then, he would be gone for weeks at a time. It was one of the main reasons I was able to get guardianship of Sam when I was eighteen.”
Dean wiped his hand over his face, catching some stray tears before they managed to slip out of his burning eyes. He pushed himself up until he was seated against the headboard. He needed a distraction before he started crying in earnest. He wasn’t sure he would be able to live through the humiliation of Cas seeing him like that.
So being seated in the back of an Uber with a thankfully silent driver felt like the first peace he’s had in ages.
“Dean asked me to be here,” Cas replied; it was clear he was trying to sound neutral. The thing is, however, ever since Cas had welcomed feelings, emotions, and plain
Dean tried to ignore the question as he poured his coffee and took a deep gulp, relishing the caffeine burning away the last of the fog of sleep deprivation that had been clinging to his brain.
His only reprieve was mealtimes, he somehow always ended up next to Dean. And, although they hadn’t had much more time alone, he found his presence grounding. He enjoyed hearing his laugh. He enjoyed watching him interact with everyone else there, so comfortable in the presence of others, it seemed like he had been part of this group for months, not hours. Castiel found Dean Winchester to be endlessly fascinating.
“Cas how could you do that to me? How dare you do that? How did you think… how could you think...? You were gone…” Dean’s voice was increasing in volume as his speech started decreasing in coherence.
, as the administrative staff that did the checkouts only worked weekdays. They had made an exception by having Charlie do administrative work when he arrived, but that was because, as he now knew, he was deemed an
happen with his parents. This catharsis, this honest revelation of pain and regrets was not something Chuck nor Naomi would ever understand let alone consider. But they were his
Cas. I fucked up… I’m sorry. So goddamn sorry…  I know I ruined… but Cas… please don’t… you can’t… Cas, please don’t leave me. I’ll make it up to you, I will…”
After a few minutes of comfortable silence, Cas seemed to notice that they weren’t driving in a familiar direction. “Dean, where are we going?"
“No,” Dean, the word erupted out of Dean, “I can’t …  not now…” a single tear rolled down Dean’s face.
“Hey,” Dean said, reaching his arm around and placing it on Castiel’s shoulder before pulling him into Dean’s side. Castiel dropped his head onto Dean’s shoulder and sobbed brokenly for a few seconds. Dean just held him and rested his chin on the top of Castiel’s head.
At dinner, as Castiel got up to take his plate to the back, Dean got up and followed him, his own plate in his hands. Castiel tried to bite back the smile that threatened to break out on his face. He knew he should be careful; he didn’t know what was wrong with Dean yet, and, he had to admit, people didn’t end up here because they were functioning
And when Sam had invited Cas, Meg and Gabe to his graduation, Dean thought he finally understood what it meant to be truly content and at peace.
The first thought Dean had when he awoke was that he must have fucked up in a monumental way in his past life for him to be punished this severely by the universe.
The name burned his brain, brought a pain so sharp and sudden that Dean jerked the car. Sam’s head twisted sharply, and he stared at Dean, eyes flooding with concern. But Sam didn’t say anything, just watched his older brother closely and Dean kept his eyes trained on the road. The part of him that always wanted Sam to think that things were okay, that he was fine, itched to put his brother at ease. But he could not do it. Not this time. He would not be able to say the words:
“But, the sentiment is still true. Even if I have the worst case of foot-in-mouth on this side of the equator. If I didn’t have you Castiel… My life would completely suck without you. Okay?”
Dean’s voice broke, and he brought his second elbow onto the bed. He dug the heels of his palms into his eyes. Cas started rubbing smooth circles on Dean’s back.
I googled the process of becoming a firefighter in the USA so if I got the details wrong, I do apologize.
“Well, I won’t be going through it long,” Dean said as he pushed past Eileen and moved to the center of Sam’s room. Sam raised his eyebrows in questioning, Eileen remained quiet.
Dean looked up as Cas entered the room with two shopping bags. He stopped dead in his tracks when he saw Sam’s gaze land on him.
Dean signed the final paper that Amara put under his hand. She had given him copies of all the forms and regulations over the past couple of days, so he knew what he was signing without having to spend too much time reading through them now.
The silence grew and tightened, stealing the air from Cas’ lungs as his world zeroed in on the green eyes of the man that once knew him so well.
Castiel was just starting to get genuinely concerned about the dark shadows pooling under Dean’s exhaustion-heavy eyes when good news arrived from Sam’s hospital.
Dean listened as the door closed with a subtle click. He wasted no time and walked towards the bathroom, stumbling a lot more than he thought he would. Once inside, he filled the basin with cold water. He splashed his face a couple of times, but eventually, he gave in and just submerged his face. The haziness lifted almost instantaneously. Dean towel dried his face as he heard the room door open and close, signaling Castiel’s return.
Cas could not be the only one talking again. Cas was watching Dean closely, eyeing what must be a very confusing blend of emotions on Dean’s face.
Because, of course-- of fucking course! The universe really hated Dean, and after this grueling day, it thought it best to end the experience with a giant
However, he couldn’t let Dean see the way he was affecting him, how close he was to crumbling into dust right in front of him. That would scare him and make him uncomfortable. Well,
), he found his mind wondering back to what Castiel had shared that morning. He hadn’t had enough time to talk to Castiel before his mind snapped. He felt a little embarrassed when he thought of his speedy exit earlier. And then the shame melted into guilt. Castiel had been vulnerable earlier, strong, and Dean had left very suddenly. Logically, he knew that he owed Castiel nothing, but that didn’t change the flare of protectiveness, the burst of affection that flamed in his chest whenever he thought of this strange and brave near-stranger. The fact of the matter was that Dean really
in Johannesburg. Thereafter, he was seated next to a new mother whose infant had not stopped screaming for what felt like the entire sixteen-hour flight. He had stumbled half drunk on sleep deprivation through JFK just to almost miss his connecting flight to
He hadn’t really known what to do, but he patted Dean on the back until the tears stopped. He kept mumbling reassurances, that he was happy to have done it, that he was happy that Dean was okay, that they were like his kids, that he would do anything for them.
“Slow down,” Dean warned. “You’re going to make yourself sick.” He slowly held the bottle out again, and Sam lifted it to his mouth. Dean noticed his arms shaking, his muscle straining with the effort of lifting the plastic after nearly ten weeks of disuse.
The plan was this: Jack would take Dean and Sam to the outskirts of the Empty after Dean downed the potion that would grant him entry. Sam would open a fissure that led into the Empty using a spell from the archives. Dean would then go in and use the amulet as a compass to find Cas. Once he found Cas, he would do a variation of the spell he had used in Purgatory when Bennie had hitched a ride back topside, and then head back towards the outskirts where Sam would be flashing a light Jack had made, one that could pierce through the Empty’s nothingness, as a guide back. Jack would then return the four of them back to the Bunker. As soon as they were back, Jack would be able to transfer Cas’ energy back into his body.
“The Empty is still in his head,” came Eileen’s soft response. Three heads turned to look at her and Eileen exhaled audibly.
When they reached the door, Castiel walked through without hesitation. This room was still new to Dean, he didn’t feel the same confidence strolling in and making himself at home the way Castiel just did. Dean stood on the precipice for a few seconds before following the other man in.
“Well, just saying, you could work on them a little.” Eileen smiled into Sam’s arm for some reason Dean could not explain.
“Dean,” he said quietly, “You have nothing to be sorry for. I understand where you were coming from. You listened when I spoke. I cannot offer you atonement because there’s nothing to atone for. Seeking comfort through touch makes sense. With us, just with it being so new, I didn’t want any of the developments, any of our firsts, to be one of us trying to escape something, running away from something, especially considering where we are. I want those moments, especially at the start, to happen when we are both fully present. And I know that it may not be conventional or common, but it’s the same reason you didn’t kiss me that night after the issue with my parents. And, more than that, this, you, us it is all very new to me. I’ve never, uhm. I’ve only ever kissed two people, one of which was a woman, so that hardly counts.”
as he listened to Dean’s voice as it traveled through the hallways. He hadn’t really been reading it anyway.
Dean shifted slightly and made a soft, contented sound. Castiel kissed his hair, and Dean’s arms tightened around his midsection.
If he’d stayed with the group, he would have been back a week ago, sharing his isolation time with Meg. However, now he was facing the very real reality in which he would have to share a tiny apartment with a perfect stranger for ten days. From his spot in the backseat, he switched his South African sim card for his local one before finding the name of the owner of the isolation facility he would be staying in, in his contact list.
After they came down from the high, Dean didn’t look at him. He just stumbled to the en-suite bathroom, and a very uncomfortable feeling started tugging behind Cas’ sternum when he heard the tap running. He plucked some tissues from the tissue box on Dean’s bedside table. He cleaned up his hand, tucked himself back into his slacks and grabbed his shirt from the floor.
“I really want to take you trick or treating,” Eileen called from across the table, winking at Jack. “Dress you up as an angel. Halo, harp, plastic wings the whole nine yards.”
Castiel and Dean didn’t get another chance to talk that evening, but Castiel was hyper aware of every movement Dean made, relishing every accidental bump of their legs or arms. And every time he glanced in his direction, Dean was already looking at him.
“If you’re open to it,” Dean shrugged, fully committed to the shit show that was his nonchalance act, “I’ve already cleared it with Charlie.”
“I’ll join you shortly baby,” Sam mumbled, kissing her temple after he finished drying his hands. She walked towards Cas and gave him a friendly side hug, “I’m glad you’re back where you belong.”
But here he was with his finger frozen over the trackpad where he had been scrolling before the photo had burst into Dean’s vision.
“What’s wrong?” Eileen asked as she saw different shades of regret painted across the three men’s features. “I thought you would be in a better mood given your recent sexcapades.”
A loud buzzing grew inside his head as he watched where their hands were joined. He squeezed Castiel’s hand experimentally. He loved how warm it was, how easily it filled the spaces left by his own fingers. Dean shook his head, trying to stop the thoughts. He, however, did not let go of his hand.
“Morning, Sunshine,” Dean greeted a little hazily with the memory of sleep still echoing in his mind.
“No, and I would have said something to you sooner if he had deteriorated. Right now, he’s almost exactly in the same state as he was when you last saw him.”
Dean had already given Amara the first letter to Sam. He had written out in detail what he could remember and what was happening. He had written that he loved him and that he would be home soon. And, then, he made sure to add some quips about his hair and that if he gave Bobby any trouble, he would kick his ass six ways to Sunday.
“That is really good to hear Castiel. There’s still an hour or so before breakfast,” Charlie said on her way out, “Try to get some shut eye.”
“I will stay out of your way as much as possible,” Cas said and was deeply grateful the words came out normally and not watery. He grabbed his bag and dragged it behind him to the open bedroom door. Tears were spilling before he even closed it behind him.
Sorry this chapter is a little on the short side, but I thought Dean's emotional processing deserved its own chapter. Also, please note that this chapter references S13e06 - Tombstone
“Castiel,” Gabriel started. Castiel jumped a bit; he so seldomly used his full name. “I really don’t think that you should see them.”
“Dean, I may be wrong, but I think you have psychogenic amnesia. Or dissociative amnesia. Your brain has made the decision not to remember a couple of days leading up to the accident. We will obviously do some tests…”
Claire, only then, seemed to realize what she had said - how loud she had said it. “Shit, sorry.” She dropped her head into her hands.
“Well, you did it at the start of our relationship, so I thought I’d do it at the start of the next phase.”
“But he tried again. John tried to land another blow, but this time Sam jumped in front of me. He wasn’t steady on his feet and with the force of it, he collided with the table…”
“I know, but this is quite a distance from the University. I feel horrible that you feel the need to drive this far each weekend.”
broke from his mouth. “Why’d you do it?”. It probably wasn’t the right time to ask. He wasn’t even sure how
“Okay,” Amara said, as she handed Charlie all the signed forms, “I have to go now, but I will be back in a week to check on you.”
“No, stop that, don’t apologize,” Dean said seriously. “You have nothing to apologize for.” Castiel nodded weakly and turned his face back into Dean’s shoulder, breathing deeply.
Dean could barely hear him through the ringing in his ears and Cas’ voice as it echoed somewhere deep within him.  Before now, he hadn’t had time to think about those last moments: about Castiel’s tear stained face, the relief and joy painting the angel’s features as he spoke the words, he had never felt that he would be able to say. Until now, Dean had been in survival mode, adrenaline coursing through his veins non-stop. But now that the imminent physical threat was gone, the emotional threat burst forward, clawing at Dean, demanding to be seen. The ringing in Dean’s ears turned deafening. His breath caught in his throat and his vision started to blur, an unnatural darkness mixing with the streetlamp lit night. He suddenly felt claustrophobic, the space in the car was too small, his skin was too tight.
“Yes, I can only get into the outskirts. But it’s kind of like a moat around the actual Empty. I could hear some of the thoughts of those on the other side, I could hear their dreams, but I couldn’t see anyone. I did…” Jack stopped short and furtively glanced at Dean.
“It is a metaphor, I believe,” Jack said, looking conspiratorially at Dean, “but I can’t be certain.”
“Bring him home,” he said simply. The last thing Dean saw was a light glow emanating from Jack’s fingers.
Dean grinned as he dipped down to grab the shirt Castiel had dropped and immediately set to folding it. After what seemed too short a time to pack up a place he had stayed for so long, Castiel sat down onto his bed and stared at his suitcases lined up neatly next to the door.  He closed his eyes and breathed deeply.
“Not having you around,” he admitted. Closing his open eye once more, he finally gave up on the battle against gravity, leaning with his full weight against the wall.
Castiel stood there, a little awkwardly, not sure if he was supposed to follow them. His eyes darted around the room, watching as Charlie greeted Gabriel animatedly.
“I really don’t want to ruin your good mood,” Meg said softly, very pointedly not looking at Castiel.
Dean took a long, exaggerated breath while maintaining eye contact with Cas. Cas nodded weakly, coughed again but then mimicked Dean.
Dean pulled the comforter over his head and tried to breathe, trying to soothe the burning mix of anger, hurt and longing that has been simmering just under his skin for the past two days.
Cas almost screamed in frustration. He just needed to talk to Dean. He just needed to explain. They’d been okay for a second there, they could be again. Dean might not want him in a romantic sense again, but maybe they could be friends.
“If you are referring to before I took a blade to my wrists, the answer is no. I have not seen them since then” Castiel chuckled humorlessly. Just the mere thought of this interaction sat like a rock inside his chest, something hard and heavy.
“No,” Castiel interjected, “nothing like that. But I am worried about him. Really worried and I just realized that this is how you must have been feeling for almost two months now. It’s tiring and it’s heavy. And I am just so grateful, and I’m so sorry you felt that for so long, and still feel it.”
Dean felt his face tighten as he looked back at the computer screen. Dean glared, full on glowered, at a perfect stranger.
Meg was avoiding looking at him, and Castiel felt his throat tighten. Meg had been doing this often, saying things like that every time she had seen him since she found him on the bathroom floor.
Mercifully, when he entered the main living area, which was directly outside his room, it was empty. Cas must not be awake yet. And if Dean stopped outside Cas’ door, it was to listen for footsteps to confirm this, not because he wanted to see him. Absolutely not.
Thirdly, as always, my deepest appreciation goes out to Hellbreaker42 for all your wonderful beta-ing. Your comments on my drafts always fill me with so much joy.
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, Cas,” Dean whispered against his skin. “I still can’t tell you why. I want to. But, if you never believe another word I say, please believe me when I tell you I never wanted this. That I never would’ve done it if the stakes were something I could risk.” Dean felt a new sense of urgency as he tried to make the former angel understand.
nothing. And then, all of a sudden, there was you. All green eyes and freckles and seemingly interested in talking to me, and it felt like finally breaching the surface of the water. And I felt everything: curiosity, exasperation…”
Today was a good day. It was a great day, in fact. Meg, as promised, had taken him shopping and Gabriel tagged along, although he complained most of the time. They had tacos for lunch and had bought frozen yogurt right before they left; Gabriel’s piled high with candy, Meg’s plain and Castiel’s covered in honey. The sticky sweetness of it was still lingering in his mouth.
He tried and failed to not think about the ring box still shoved in the back of his underwear drawer back home. It was the most painful reminder of what could have been; the most excruciating symbol of how wrong Dean had been about them, and what they were to each other. But, in the end, it was still a reminder of Cas, of their relationship, how Dean felt, and so, he was never able to get rid of it.
Dean looked a little embarrassed, Castiel’s chest felt warm as he looked into Dean’s eyes, the natural sunlight turning the emerald shade brilliant.
Dean was seconds away from deepening the kiss when he heard someone clearing their throat. Dean’s eyes snapped open, and he took a step back sheepishly.
Dean was nodding before he even fully registered what Cas was saying. Cas trailed the hand that was already on Dean down over his shoulder, down his forearm and grabbed his hand gently. Dean took a tentative step towards the bed. And then another small step.
“How are we feeling this morning?” Dean asked, nestling his head into Castiel’s side and pressing a light kiss there.  There was a beat of silence and then Dean was suddenly sitting upright, eyes wide, all traces of sleep completely gone, “Oh fuck, you hated it. You thought it was a mistake….”
On Friday morning, he found himself out of bed before the sun had fully risen. Cas was already, predictably, absent. He regretted the dawn awakening almost instantly, but Dean Winchester was nothing if not stubborn. He wandered the halls in search of his raven-haired enigma and his
And then Dean was storming out of his brother’s room, ignoring the calls following him to his room. He was able to lock the door behind him before the dam of emotions he had been holding back for the better part of a decade collapsed.
Dean had to actively stop himself from thinking about what else he did in college because that automatically segued into what
Cas and Dean both stripped down to their boxers before Cas climbed into the bed and gently pulled Dean in after him. The last thing he felt was Cas pulling Dean into him, fitting his chest to Dean’s back.
’. And Cas,” Dean pushed his fingers into Castiel’s hair, palm cupping his face, “You are. You are exactly what I’ve been looking for. My whole life.”
Dean smiled widely and Cas felt his heart clench and then the two fell together and into each other, both laughing and crying as clothing was removed and kisses became more frantic.
“Uhm, I –“ Cas swallowed, “I made dinner. For both of us. You haven’t eaten today, and I wanted to say thank you for helping me earlier, and uhm – it’s not gourmet or anything, and I’m sure the pasta is undercooked or overcooked.”
“No, man,” Dean said. “Don’t apologize. I just realized that I shouldn’t, you know, like, push you, or anything. I know that. I’ve been with someone before who had some issues, no offense, with that side of himself. And touching for comfort versus flirting is different…”
“I may have misspoken. I meant that Bobby would take care of Sam in your absence. And, that he wanted you to go. It’s called Everlasting, it’s a long-term psychiatric care facility, but it’s run on a large plot of land, not a hospital, and it isn’t as… sterile … as the more traditional inpatient program.”
He stared at his phone for a long while, the anxiety of being forced to share space with the stranger building behind his sternum, creating an uncomfortable feeling like a rapidly filling balloon pressing on his lungs.
If he did that, if he brought Castiel back, Zeke would leave, and Sam would just be a broken shell, a collection of internal burns and half stuck angelic duct tape. Sam would
He huffed out a tight breath when he felt like himself again, Sam did not speak but placed his hand on his brother’s shoulder -solid and comforting. But Dean did not want comfort right now. Pain, anger and loss were mixing in a toxic burn in his stomach. He needed an out. He needed it to
Life had not been kind to the Winchesters. Especially Sam. Dean had been so worried about him for so long. The wedding and the way Sam had radiated joy for days before and after felt like the sign Dean had been waiting for. It acted as proof that things really had turned around for his little brother.
“No, she understands,” Jack replied, “She is disappointed in him. But she would protect the legacy he created before he forgot himself.”
“So, Jack and I have been thinking,” Eileen started, “about the time Cas went into the Empty to see Ruby.”
“I’ve been here a week now, sleeping in the same room as you for five nights, and every single morning you leave before the sun is even up, and then you come back here looking all zen and shit,” Dean continued as if Castiel hadn’t even spoken. “Like, is there a secret club or something that I’m not a part of? Because I gotta say man, I’m starting to feel very left out.”
“I’m never anxious,” Dean outright lied, cracking a wide smile. Missouri smiled fondly but didn’t say anything, just looked at him in an expectant way.
And some days, reality looked like a distant memory, whether it was talking about fantasy stories or the heists that were being run in the hospital. He kept whispering conspiratorially about the nurses. For three days, he was convinced the nurses were cutting his hair in his sleep and selling it on the black market. He also thought they were stealing his blood to drink at their parties. He was more concerned about the hair, though. Obviously.
Dean felt a very new shade of joy warming him up from the inside, “I am very happy that I can do that."
“I still don’t understand,” Dean breathed as Sam walked back towards him and dropped the file in Dean’s hands.
Bobby had barely parked the car before the front door was thrown wide open and Cas tumbled out of the front seat. He rushed towards Dean with the urgency of someone who just found a water source in the middle of the desert, not like someone who saw Dean two days prior during his final visiting hours.
“I’m not sure exactly. Something in you shifted when he helped us after I let Lucifer out,” Sam winced, the old mistake still a tender subject, “But I can’t say that I realized then, or if that was the moment that something developed, but I noticed a difference then.”
“You don’t have to be good with words, Dean. You don’t get extra credit for phrasing things well. All you need to be is honest.”
“Yeah. When I first got here, I was so far gone. I was this broken, bleeding, echo of a person…. Think of it like this. If you’re in an accident and you shatter the bones in your leg, but the same leg also has a huge, deep gash that’s bleeding profusely over everything, you need to address both wounds before your leg can work again, right?”
“Okay. It was one of the worst and best experiences of my life. It was complicated and messy but necessary. I needed to be there. I needed to fix – “
“Hey Dean,” Sam called again, his voice low. Dean turned towards him, his eyes weary and slightly vacant. Sam had never seen his brother like this.
Dean tried not to remember the face Cas had made when he saw him yesterday, tried not to think of the horrified look he’d sent Dean’s way, the clipped and disinterested tone he’d used when speaking to him.
Dean couldn’t have done it. Even though they were going through an extremely stressful time, even though everything leading up to that night had been fraught and panicked and had basically taken a wrecking ball to the plans they’d made for their future, Dean never would have given up on Cas. He doesn’t – no,
“Not even a little,” Castiel looked up and saw Dean staring at him. At these words, Dean’s smile turned wicked.
“Awesome, we have some here in the bunker…” Dean trailed off, eyes flitting back to Cas’ face. He knew he was being pathetic, he
. It wasn't enough, though. There was so much more that they needed to consider, so much they had to understand. Frustration at the size of the task ahead of them, and without Cas there to calm him down, Dean’s factory setting of anger took over.
Dean, whose eyes had been staring at a spot on the wall behind Castiel, dropped his eyes to look at him.
“Yes, you were having a nightmare,” Cas replied softly, the sound of his voice warmed Dean from the inside. Dean flushed instinctively and tensed, embarrassed at having had Cas see him in such a vulnerable manner - all his defenses down. Cas, obviously having sensed the rigidity, started withdrawing his hand from Dean’s shoulder. The thumping in his chest escalated at the thought of not having Cas’ hand on him. He knew that he wanted to let Cas in, he just had to get used to the idea that vulnerability did not mean weakness. Not when it came to this angel. Dean darted his hand out and stopped Cas’ retreat. He pulled the angel’s hand back toward him and lower than the original position, placing it over his heart. Cas shifted closer to him, draping his other arm across Dean as well, covering the expanse of his shoulder. Cas used the fingers on the hand Dean had placed over his heart to gently tap out the rhythm of the human’s heartbeat. Dean tried not to think about how much safer he felt having Cas this close. He also avoided analyzing why the gentle taping of the angel’s fingers on his chest seemed to soothe his racing pulse. He avoided thinking about all of it, just felt it. Experienced it, experienced Cas in this new way.
Castiel noticed this often happened when people shared their story. This moment, the moment that it tipped too far, the straw that broke the proverbial camel’s back, it was difficult to vocalize. It was difficult to think about, let alone talk about. He watched her, watched the tears and wished he could comfort his friend. But he knew she needed to do this on her own. Dean seemed to sense his unease and he squeezed his hand.
“I had the shiniest wheels, but now they’re rusting,” Dean said softly. He struggled to sit upright, only to collapse his head and upper body against the headboard.
“Good,” Castiel breathed and then pulled himself up so that he could meld their lips together once more.
Cas was relieved when Dean told him that a plumber would be there soon. He did feel a little guilty about interacting with anyone before their isolation was over so, while they waited, he washed his cloth mask and took sanitizer to every surface in the room.
“I need you,” Dean countered, moving one hand inside Cas’ underwear. Dean grinned when he felt the angel was already half hard. He stroked once and Cas moaned lewdly above him. Dean lifted his head and nipped at Cas’ Adam’s apple.
“I’m going to get you a cup of coffee, hot, caffeinated beverages can help. Then I’m going to look for your inhaler for you. Where do you remember seeing it last?”
“When Cas raised you from hell, he stitched your soul back together and in order to do that he had to infuse it with his grace.” Jack explained.
Sam turned to look at him, huffing out as if the movement exhausted him, and locked his eyes on his brother.
He placed the serving dish, two plates and two sets of cutlery on the small dining table that was half in the kitchenette and half in the living area. He then shuffled to Dean’s door, his heart beating in his throat.
Stevie nodded twice and then immediately reached for the phone. Castiel bit back the urge to groan in frustration. Why wasn’t she going
As he dragged himself into bed, still fully clothed, flashes of images pulsed unbidden in his brain: John screaming; John lashing out; John apologizing before collapsing on the floor in his own sick; Sammy screaming; Sammy crying; Dean trying to stop his nose from bleeding; Dean cradling his arm as it hung from a weird angle.
They walked to dinner together. And once they were there, they were immediately pulled into a heated debate about which tv shows were genre-defining. Castiel could contribute very little as his exposure to pop culture was limited, but he did enjoy watching Dean become increasingly animated and get actively involved in the conversation, yelling over Rowena and divulging into a heated debate about the nature of Spock and Kirk’s relationship, which Dean said was in ‘no fucking way platonic’, with Adam. Castiel held Dean’s hand under the table, and Dean hooked their ankles together.
Everyone turned to look at Dean. Cas felt un uncomfortable twinge in his side at her name leaving Dean’s mouth.
Dean had known that this was a possibility, but it was still disconcerting to find himself sitting exactly where he had nodded off. If it weren’t for the fact that he was completely alone in his room, he would have been convinced that the dream root hadn’t worked. But he was. He was completely alone. His eyes twitched nervously to his now empty bed and felt his heartbeat pick up with the very evident absence of Cas.
As he waited for visiting hours to start, he stared despondently at Dean’s bed, which remained completely untouched since yesterday. The sheets and comforter still twisted where they had kissed on them, Dean desperate and far away from Castiel’s reach. Dean hadn’t come back to the room - not to shower, not to get a fresh set of clothes. He hadn’t been in the cafeteria for breakfast or lunch, either. Cas noticed his absence acutely, the vacant seat next to his was almost loud in its emptiness.
“Dean,” Cas repeated, his voice forming the syllables of his name with such reverence, that Dean’s chest ached.
“And, given the severity of the accident… we did run multiple scans and tests and there was no physical damage to your brain. There was no head trauma apart from a mild concussion which is mostly healed now. So, it is likely that the memory loss is psychological rather than neurological.”
“Castiel, it’s okay if right now someone else is the only reason you’re alive,” she had said, the gentle cadence of her voice calming him slightly.
Dean had not been having the greatest of times lately. And, as his bag was packed into the hospital transport van before the sun had even risen, he had a feeling today would, unfortunately, not break this pattern. Dean had never felt like this before, this broken and aching feeling that hat settled in his chest. Of feeling nothing and then, suddenly, feeling everything. Oscillating wildly between the inability to care about anything, when the numbness seeped into the very fabric of his being, to feeling absolutely everything when it suddenly felt like he would implode from the sheer inability to stop his sobbing.
They had reached the cafeteria, and Castiel opened the door, gesturing for Dean to head in before him. He was happy to see they were the first ones here; he liked the idea of getting some time alone with Dean. The only other person in the room was Charlie who was inhaling her spaghetti while staring at her phone.
“Uh, what? I still have no idea what you’re saying?” Dean said, eyes darting towards Sam who looked just as confused as he was.
“You let me take the easy way out,” Dean heard himself say, faster than he could process the words tumbling out of his mouth. “You let me go away, somewhere far away from the consequences of my actions.”
A flash of pain seemed to flit over Dean’s features. Cas looked at Dean, raising his eyebrows in question. Dean just shook his head and stood up to clear the table.
“I want you to hurt the way that I did,” Dean visibly cringed when the words were out of his mouth. He hadn’t intended to say that. The fact that Dean didn’t realize that Cas has been hurting, has been an open wound, for the past five years was baffling. He was so sure it was written all over his face.
Dean had been trying to avoid thinking about how difficult it must have been for the newly human Castiel, thrust into a world that made little-to-no sense, and then subsequently abandoned after he finally thought he had found a home – a touchstone in the chaos. Thrown out by the person who he had trusted the most. But, with Castiel in the same room as him, with scarcely more than a sleeping bag clutched to chest with the same desperation as a child clutching a security blanket, Dean could no longer avoid thinking about it. Could no longer avoid thinking about the massive fallout and consequences of his actions. So, after tossing Castiel a pair of too loose sweatpants and a black t-shirt, as he had no change of clothes (don’t think about it), Dean had flown out of the motel room, running from his issues. He was consistent in this, at least. And before he really remembered making the decision, he found himself at the bar down the road, nursing his second scotch. He didn’t mean to go there. He just needed to get away.
“Okay, listen to me. Take a long deep breath, okay? Don’t panic, you’ll hyperventilate. You’re going to be fine. Just breathe with me, okay?”
“Sorry,” Dean muttered, avoiding eye contact with both of them, feeling shitty. They had done more than he had. They did this for him. He didn't deserve them.
“Tape recorder,” she said casually. “A study published by Northwestern University has shown there might be a link between coma patients hearing familiar stories repeated by family members via recordings played over headphones and increased recovery rates. The theory behind it is that hearing voices that are deeply rooted in long term memory exercises the circuits in the brain responsible for long-term memories, and that stimulation can potentially help trigger the first glimmer of awareness.”
Dean leaned his forearm flat against the tile of the shower wall before placing his head in the crook of his elbow. He closed his eyes before taking his cock in his right hand. He stroked himself a couple of times, a little harder and faster than he usually would at the start. It was unlikely, given how annoyingly hard he was, that this was going to last long anyway. And given that he was trying to ignore the reason for his morning glory, he definitely wasn’t going to try and drag this out. After a couple of strokes, he felt himself get close, so he sped up his movements. He increased both his pace and the pressure, he twisted his hand on every third stroke. He felt the torturous build up, felt his muscles in his stomach start to contract, felt himself teetering on the edge, so close…
Dean started tapping his foot as he watched the second-hand tick closer and closer to his allotted time.
Cas sat up and reached out his hand before she dropped two pills into his waiting palm. She offered him some water, which he accepted. Dean watched his neck as he swallowed, tracing the movement with his eyes and wanting nothing more than to run his fingers down the column of his throat.
“Sammy, it’s a very natural, very beautiful act between consenting parties,” Dean moved the hand that had been on Cas’ leg and threw it across Cas’ shoulders. Cas almost jumped out of his own skin as Dean placed a very exaggerated kiss to his cheek. When Dean’s lips left his skin, he turned to look at him and Dean was beaming. Cas responded to the smile with his own, marveling at the fact that this righteous and beautiful green-eyed man was now his. That he got to experience this with him.
Cas breathed in deeply, exhaled slowly and then said, “I thought it was on my side table, but it wasn’t there. Then I thought it may be in the bag I used as a carry-on on the flight. I always keep it close to me. But it’s not there. I checked my luggage and everywhere in my room and –“
Dean scooped the last of his eggs into his mouth, downed the dregs of his coffee and wiped the back of his hand over his mouth.
Dean still had three weeks, so when Castiel was released, he would have to remain for another two, and although Castiel knew he was exactly where he needed to be, the idea of Dean being alone if…
“Not really,” he said with a sad, humorless chuckle. He looked back to Castiel who nodded with an encouraging smile, “but I will be.”
“You didn’t have to come,” Castiel said as Meg reached for the bag that was resting next to the chair she had been seated in.
He opened the app on his phone, but before he was able to click the notifications button, the first picture on his feed drew his attention.
Meg had been ushered out by the nursing staff before he had been able to ask her how she knew Dean, and the curiosity gnawed at him. Castiel had been shocked to find that he had felt anything this acutely, let alone a sensation so randomly mundane. He had decided to focus his attention on this feeling. To nurse the prosaic feeling and analyse it. To see how it affected his body - how it made him fidget and tap his pen on the book in front of him instead of writing. It had been
“Dude, that’s great! You’re getting to start a happier chapter in your life, man; you so deserve this.” Dean grinned and cupped Castiel’s face in his hands and pressed a light kiss to his lips. Castiel leaned into it. His hands gripped the flannel that hung open over Dean’s
Sam shook his head, “You’re wrong. I was. Grief makes you selfish. You can’t see past your own pain. But nonetheless, what I’m trying to say is once I was out of that headspace, when I became more myself again, the more I thought about it… Dean, Cas breaking up with you didn’t make sense.”
And while Dean was working his way out of the storm, Castiel was mentally preparing for his release. During their last phone call, Meg mentioned that she found a great four-bedroom apartment that was equidistant from their campus, as Castiel had decided to continue with his Master’s program and Meg was still finishing her nurse practioner’s qualification, and the office where Gabriel had gotten a job working in marketing. She said they could wait until Castiel was out if he wanted to see it first, but Castiel had told her to sign the paperwork. He was excited to start anew. He didn’t want to go back to his dorm room. He didn’t want to be haunted by the ghosts in those walls.
“Yeah, Cas,” came Meg’s soft response, “things always seem more manageable in the daylight. Goodnight, sleep well. Love you.”
Castiel switched off the lamp, but Dean swore he saw tears glossing his eyes before the room fell into darkness.
Lastly, thank you so much to you guys! To every single person who read, subscribed, left comments or kudos. I so appreciate it and your voiced and silent engagements have meant more to me than words can describe.
Dean suddenly moved his hands, dragging them up and over Cas’ chest and then down until he reached the hem of his shirt. Cas got the hint and withdrew slightly. Cas looked at him, and Dean started balling the material of his t-shirt in his hands.
“I’m going to open you up slowly; I’m going to take my time getting to know your body as intimately as I know your soul.” Cas placed a kiss right in the center of Dean’s breastbone. And the sensation in combination with Cas’ words had tears streaming down his face. Cas let go of Dean’s hands and brought his own down to envelope his face. Dean placed his hands on Cas’ waist, reveling in the way his hand seemed to fit perfectly there.
notifications. He knew they were pictures Meg had likely posted of their research trip. She had been attached to her camera for the fourteen days they were there. He also knew that if he did not like and comment on the photos (something incredibly clever and unendingly witty), Meg would be deeply unimpressed.
“When I left here, I considered just driving back to Kansas. Leaving you the room and giving you space from me,” Dean said once he felt more like himself. He was still a little drunk, but he was definitely racing towards sober.
Dean moved his thumbs lightly up Castiel’s face, his fingers grazing and outlining his jaw, ignoring the heat that seemed to blaze straight from the point of contact to his stomach. Castiel inhaled sharply when Dean’s thumbs found his mouth and began dragging across his lower lip.
Dean didn’t know if Castiel would want him there or if he would want privacy. But Dean knew that he didn’t want to leave him alone right away or have him out of his sight for any extended period of time. He tried not to think about why these instincts even existed when it came to someone he barely knew, and he definitely tried not to think about why they were so aggressively dominating - invading all of his thoughts.
“Dean,” Missouri’s voice came long before he was ready for the conversation they were about to have, “please, come inside.”
“Hey, so, we’re gonna go,” Meg said as she walked back to Castiel. He found himself struggling to break the weird, heated eye contact but did so reluctantly. He looked at Meg who had followed his line of vision. Her mouth dropped open, and her eyes widened in surprise.
And then suddenly, without his permission, the image in his mind altered. The dark hair shortened, shifted from elegant to disheveled, the rounded, soft cheeks sharpened and got dusted in black, coarse stubble. The dark eyes lightened and blended until they burned blue. And in the space of one breath, it’s suddenly Cas on his knees, his mouth on Dean and...
Slowly, and very reluctantly, Dean pulled away from Cas. He slid his hand up from Cas’ back and silently ran his hand up Cas’ neck, reveling in the feel of his pulse, the reminder that he was alive. His hand continued his journey until he had Cas’ face cupped in his palm. Following the instincts he had forced into dormancy so for so many years, he slowly swiped his thumb across Cas’ cheek. The feel of the angel’s skin was electric against the pad of Dean’s calloused thumb. Cas leaned into the touch, gently and hesitantly, eyes never leaving Dean’s. The angel’s eyebrows were slightly furrowed, he was obviously not able to make sense of Dean’s whirlwind of emotions and actions today. Dean exhaled; he was not being fair to Cas. He did not want to cause the angel emotional whiplash, they needed to clear the air. Dean dropped his hand and Cas made a soft sound of protest that cascaded through Dean, warming, and comforting him. Dean smiled reassuringly at Cas as he took a step back and sat down on the foot of the bed. Dean gestured to the couch, and Cas followed his lead, sinking into the cushions.
“Of course it worked, it was your idea.” Cas said simply. He was leaning against the wall, watching Dean sprawled out on the bed: eyes closed with a faint but very genuine smile tugging at the corner of his lips.
Adam, who had been admitted with schizophrenia with visual hallucinations of seeing the Archangel Michael, was also teary as he waved goodbye to those who were remaining. Castiel had never spent too much time with him, therefore, he was surprised at the sadness his departure evoked in him.
He enjoyed spending time with Dean. He felt alive when he was near him; wanted to know more about him, hear his stories, and discuss his beliefs. He enjoyed learning about him, unravelling the layers slowly, and gently wiping away at the perfectly cultivated façade. Castiel liked this man. This kind, strong, life-hardened and skeptical hurricane of a human being.
Cas lifted his hand and gently knocked on Dean’s door. The sound was dull and timid. There was no way Dean would have heard that if he had earphones in or if he was napping. He was just about to knock again, when Dean opened the door. His hair was rumpled like he’s been lying down, but there was no haze of grogginess floating through his eyes. So he hadn’t been sleeping. Those eyes, however, were trained on him.
It was better that way, though. Cas wasn’t sure he was ready to hear any of it. Not really. He wasn’t ready to picture Dean with someone else, his lips on another’s skin, his hand tracing down the body of someone who wasn’t Cas. It wasn’t fair. It wasn’t rational – just because he didn’t like thinking about it doesn’t mean it didn’t happen. But in that moment, Cas didn’t care. He just liked being near Dean, close enough to count the constellation of freckles flowing over his face and down his neck. He liked hearing his voice, his laugh. He’d believed he’d remembered these perfectly, but his memories didn’t hold a candle to the real thing.
He was actually relieved when his phone started ringing loud and incessant during his fourth cycle through the album. He felt like he was dealing with his own twisted Newton’s law:
“I don’t think going door to door in an isolation facility is allowed,” Cas tried to reason with Dean.
. You fucking left me broken and without looking back. It destroyed me, Cas, totally obliterated me. So no, I’m not going to sit and fucking have dinner with you like that never happened. I don’t want to do that. I won’t do that. I – I can’t do that.”
“Dean, I am just happy that you want me involved at all,” Castiel said with the air of someone confessing something very private.
Dean nodded, his heart kicking into overdrive, the loud sound making it hard for him to think. Or maybe having Cas in such close proximity was making it hard for him to think. He didn’t know, didn’t care.
“There he is,” Dean whispered, a ghost of a smile pulling at his lips as he ran his index finger down the length of Cas’ profile. The angel’s eyes fluttered at the gesture and made a breathy sound. And in turn, the angel very slowly brushed his thumb over Dean’s Adam’s apple. Dean felt his breath hitch in his throat. This felt raw and exposed in a way he could never remember being.
“You too, Cas. You have to know that. I’m falling in love with you, too. Of course, I am. How could I not?” Dean was babbling, and the words poured like honey into Castiel’s ear. He smiled as he switched their positions, effectively trapping Dean below him, his back flat against the mattress. He pushed his thigh in between Dean’s legs as he leaned on his arms which were framing Dean’s face.
“Okay, so its three forty-five now.” Sam says after pulling his phone from his pocket, “lets re-group at 8h30?”
Robert Singer has already been in contact with Sam’s social worker; they have approved this. Ellen Harvelle and Robert Singer have agreed to pay you, in absentia, for the next two months. Bobby is with Sam. Right now, you’re safe. You’re okay. You don’t have to catastrophize. People care about you and want to help you through this.”
“Yeah, I did. It was great to see a lot of what I’d studied in theory in person, you know? And the African wildlife is just so vastly different from anything we have here. And the people were great, the Game Rangers were so accommodating, and the locals were so friendly. And oh my god, the
“Like there are needles poking at my skin, but from the inside. But it doesn’t really hurt either? I don’t know, it just feels like there is something moving under my skin but with, like, a scaly back?” Dean’s brows furrowed further, and he started pinching at the soft, pale skin on the inside of his wrist. Castiel gently tugged the offending fingers away and laced his own with Dean’s.
Dean’s face tensed before he nodded, “Yeah, all the time. I remember back when I was very young, John had this friend, Frank Devereux. He was the only man who still tolerated him and his drinking. Mostly, it was because he was… unwell. He had lost his wife in a horrific way, too, and they seemed to understand each other. But most nights, after John had long since passed out, Frank would decide it was time to share his wisdom. And there was this one night, a couple of days after John had had a really bad violent episode, or whatever, one of his firsts, and I was feeling so drained, so hurt and angry. He sensed it, didn’t guess at the reason, though, and he looked me dead in the eye and said, ‘Deano, my boy, whatever’s got you down, don’t let it. Decide to be fine til the end of the week. Make yourself smile because... you're alive, and that's your job. And do it again the next week.’ I was thirteen, and he was the first adult that had really addressed that sort of thing. It was one of the first pieces of advice I had gotten about life, and dealing with bad things. So, I listened, I smiled, and I pushed it down. There wasn’t really another option, you know?”
“And to be human is to make mistakes.” Castiel continued, wanting to morph whatever Dean was feeling into something more positive, something happier, “but, for what it is worth, you are one of the best humans I have ever met.”
Dean bolted upright. Cas had already been in the Empty, but he had found his way back to Dean. He could do it again, surely. But, if this time he couldn’t find his way back, Dean would follow him there. He shook his head to try organizing the thoughts that were now jumping like rapid fire through his brain. He would get Cas back. He had to. He would do anything. He would do
“Dean, I need you to understand that everything I have done, and everything I will do, is what I believe is in your best interest. You are my patient. My sole purpose is to make sure you are okay. And I also know that, now that you have allowed yourself to remember, keeping any information regarding your brother’s medical condition will not serve your best interest.”
Castiel rolled his eyes in a perfect imitation of Meg, “Just because most of us here have lost our minds, doesn’t mean we don’t understand that it is also a common phrase.”
Due to Dean’s sudden relocation out of Kansas right after graduation and the gradual distancing of friends that happened in the two years he was away, their shared social circle basically evaporated. They don’t work in the same field, don’t have the same routines. The odds of Dean ever accidentally running into Cas is borderline zero, let alone the opportunity to rekindle the love story of two people they no longer were.
Dean’s voice was hard and cruel, so different from anything Castiel had experienced from him before.
“She’s not here, Dean,” Castiel tried soothingly, slowly moving his hands up and down Dean’s shoulders.
“Which wasn’t exactly a ‘no’, and if you weren’t sure Sam would be around to need you anymore...” Amara shrugged.
If anyone is interested, the South African big five includes: the lion, the rhino, the elephant, the leopard and the Cape buffalo.
it, but he didn’t feel like leaving Cas’ side even for the few minutes that it would take to gather the ingredients. He had hated leaving his side when Cas had been nothing but an empty vessel, but now that he was actually physically here, although admittedly unconscious, it seemed almost impossible to be separated from him. Like, if Dean walked outside, he would come back and see Cas dead again, his skin-tinged blue. Or worse, Cas would not be there at all. Dean knew Sam would would have a lot to say if he voiced the thoughts out loud so instead, he opted for a cheap cop out.
“No, not according to Meg. And the thing is, I know that it’s not to apologize, you know? I know this logically. I
“You know, some people would argue that it’s not the greatest idea to look for anything like that in a mental hospital,” Castiel said pointedly.
Cas smiled warmly, and his face flushed at the compliment. “Don’t look at me like that, or I’m going to drag you back to bed, and then, we’ll be late,” Cas warned.
But before Cas could finish, Dean bolted out the door, sprinting down the halls -- no destination in mind.
“Cas, buddy, please never mention my brother’s name when you are naked and pressed up against me,” Dean chastised as he ran his hand through the angel’s hair.
“Cas, you’re my best friend,” Sam said, smiling softly, “but you can’t leave him like that again. And I do appreciate that your sacrifice made it possible for us to win. I do, believe me. But Dean needs you in a fundamental way. More than he needs me, I think. And although that’s probably not healthy, after all the trauma he’s been through, I think it’s understandable.”
“I don’t care,” Dean interrupted him with the very obvious lie. He studied the floor as he walked, avoiding Cas’ eyes.
didn’t care when Cas sat right next to him, touching their knees together and gently reaching out to trace the contours of the ink on Dean’s chest. Dean tried not to lean into the touch, tried not to make a sound as Cas’ fingers burned his skin.
Castiel had barely slept when the alarm clock next to his bed went off. He sighed and blinked, opening his heavy lids. After breakfast, he would have to bare his soul to no less than eight people, discuss moments he would rather erase from his narrative. But, he trusted Amara and Pamela. And more than that, he promised Meg he would give his all to this program.
Which it obviously didn’t because no matter how much Dean tried to think of the most frigid images he could imagine, his traitorous dick showed no signs of softening.
“Uh, Dean. There is something that we should talk about,” Cas said from beside him. Dean turned to look at him, all the blood draining from his face.
Dean settled himself a little lower into the couch before replying. “Yeah, no, dude, it’s great. No weird stains or horror-movie scratch marks. I call it a win.”
Castiel, however, interrupted him, “I don’t want you to tell me out of a sense of obligation. It is yours to talk about, whenever you are ready.”
“You have more to say?” Dean asked, his voiced laced with genuine curiosity, “after everything, that speech, or more like what happened with Billie, in the dungeon and …” Dean babbled.
“Okay, Dean,” Cas said softly. Dean let out an explosive breath and nodded. Cas shuffled out the room, he hesitated just outside of the door and looked over his shoulder. Dean was already looking at him.
“And that does not make it your responsibility, just so you know. It’s mine. I own my emotions, but you gave me a reason to try to crack the shell open, for a lack of a better explanation.”
Dean continued to glare at him. And Cas shrugged as nonchalantly as he could muster. But the longer Dean stared at him with such intense malice, the faster Cas’ throat dried out. Swallowing became difficult. Breathing became difficult.
Cas eyed the clock on the wall as morning started melting into afternoon. He did laundry, he did dishes, he started another pot of coffee. But nothing. No sign of Dean. There was no movement behind his door, no sound. If he hadn’t heard the faint sounds of a shower running earlier, he would have barged in just to make sure Dean was
Thank you again to all those who've left kudos on this work! And particularly to those who have let comments, it really makes me so unbelievably happy.
“I don’t like that he had to take on that responsibility,” Cas said lowly. Cas felt Dean squeeze his leg in agreement.
“Dean, I was never the one who asked for space. I’ve never not wanted you around or asked you to leave. Ever.” Castiel answered. And Dean wasn’t sure if it was a trick of the crappy motel light, but he swore he saw tears pooling in those blue eyes.  The mere idea of Cas in pain made Dean feel as if his heart was cracking down the middle. Dean closed his eyes as his throat tightened involuntarily, threatening to completely close the narrow path of air to his lungs.
This, too, was familiar. Cas had watched him use it before. He saw it directed at others. He’s never seen it directed at him. Even
Cas looked down at his hands as he tried to avoid replaying Dean’s hasty exit in his mind. He wasn’t exactly sure what he had done wrong. He wasn’t sure why Dean had gone from holding onto him as if he were the only source of oxygen in the whole world, to cold and brimming with anger. But he hated it. He knew he should ask Sam more questions about Chuck. How were they planning on keeping an eye on him? Were there any loyalist angels in Heaven that might pose a threat to them? But instead, all he could think of was Dean. The way he had looked at him when the Empty had come for Cas and the way he looked as he had fled out of the room mere hours ago. He wanted to talk to him. He ached to talk to him.
Castiel sat on his bed. He placed his hands on his knees and closed his eyes. He breathed in deeply through his nose, counting the four seconds out slowly.
Cas was looking at Dean, was directly looking at him, and Dean was undone. He was coming apart, the seams ripping unceremoniously from the very fabric of his being.
“I don’t like the idea of you being fully clothed in this room,” Dean grumbled as he dug through his closet for jeans and a flannel. He heard Cas chuckle softly behind him, and Dean grinned at the sound.
“Dude come one!” Sam shouted exasperated, throwing a wet dish cloth at his brother, “we have a communal bathroom.”
“Well, if memory serves me right, most nights I snuck off that couch and into your bed,” Cas said without thinking. He immediately went rigid as he processed his own words. He cringed internally,
“Thirdly, you need to stop thinking things like that, saying things like you don’t care what happens to you, and making decisions that put you in harm's way. Because you may not care what happens to you, but I do. Sam does.”
Dean’s brow furrowed lightly as he watched Cas stammer. Cas clamped his mouth shut, took a deep breath and tried again. “I made food. Do you want some?”
“So, if we took some of Cas’ grace with us into the Empty it would take us to him?” Sam asked, realization dawning on his face. Both Eileen and Jack nodded eagerly.
Dean has always prided himself on his ability to get along with almost anyone, and since he had charisma to spare and a very strained bank account, he opted for this option.
“I can just leave this here if you two want some time,” Cas was already putting the bag on the side table.
“I am so much better than okay, Dean,” Castiel murmured into his skin. He punctuated this by placing a kiss right in the center of his sternum, “It’s just all so new and the way I feel is quite overwhelming.”
When Dean awoke to another very angry boner, he was ready to bang his head against the wall until he collapsed. It would be the less painful option, really, spending the next eight days unconscious on the floor instead of constantly fighting off the onslaught of memories and
A sniffle caught his attention, and Castiel saw Gabriel palming his red-rimmed eyes, “What? Never seen a grown man cry in the reception building of a psychiatric facility before?”
“Cas, don’t… don’t make promises you can’t keep.” Dean whispered, tears flowing freely down his face now. He dropped his gaze, but Cas grabbed his chin and forced Dean to look at him. Dean had no idea what he was seeing. A haunted, broken man? A failure? A wreck? A combination of all of these?
“So, if I were to, say, buy a cowboy hat and wear it at night…” Castiel purposefully let the sentence trail into the otherwise silent room. The atmosphere was tightening, the tension growing as he climbed on top of Dean, his knees bracketing Dean’s hips. Dean’s eyes widened as he drew in a sharp breath. Castiel watched his Adam’s apple with fascination as he swallowed heavily. Dean let out a shaky breath, “I can totally get behind you in a cowboy hat.”
There was a moment of silence, and Dean was reveling in the fact that he was having a coherent conversation with his brother. But then...
“The bullet hit her in her lower abdomen. As soon as she collapsed, they all ran out. But luckily, my deputies, the backup I had called for,  were there. They were all arrested, and we managed to keep Alex stable enough before the paramedics arrived. They say she was exceptionally fortunate. But those minutes before the ambulance got there, where I was holding my second dying child in my arms...”
It was a candid shot. He was smiling widely at someone off camera. His head tipped back with blue eyes bright as the cloudless sky that acted as his backdrop. Dean couldn’t stop staring at the face of the man he was once wholeheartedly convinced was the absolute love of his
He was in love with his constant steady sureness. Castiel was the moon, pulling at the tides of Dean. He was in love with his unwavering loyalty, with his mistakes and the subsequent humanity that filtered through the celestial exterior, with his steadfast faith in Dean. He was in love with his patience, the soft layer of innocence that covered the hard shell of the warrior he was. He loved that when the world was ending, Cas was the one who got through to him.  Cas was his fucking gravity.
. Dean’s every thought was twisted around the memory of Cas’ sacrifice. Each repeat of the scene digging deeper and deeper into a cut in his heart, a wound so deep now he did not see how it would ever scab over. A part of him that would bleed in this life and in the next.
Castiel held his gaze before nodding. Dean licked his lips. He held Castiel’s eye for a second longer and then surged upward, one hand moving up and under the back of his shirt to hold him tightly against his chest as his mouth collided with Castiel’s. There was a new urgency in the way they moved against each other; they kissed frantically and insistently. Castiel’s arms snaked around Dean’s neck, and he gripped the short hairs at the nape of his neck tightly. His other hand sneaked under the collar of Dean’s shirt, his long fingers splaying over the expanse of skin on Dean’s back.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas greeted him warmly, “You better get dressed quickly, or your breakfast is going to be cold.”
Thank you so to everyone who has read, subscribed, left kudos or particularly commented on this fic! I so appreciate you taking the time to read this story! And a particular big thank you to Hellbreaker42 for his amazing betawork!
He stayed like that for a while, in the strange limbo space where he was half asleep and half fighting his own mind.
“… this. I will agree to the shortest program we have. Eight weeks. And, if your memory is back to normal, if it comes back naturally and you’ve had a professional help you through this process, I will sign all the papers to discharge you, and I won’t bother you again.”
Because that was not the way he felt about him. He hadn’t said it because saying he loved Cas the same way he loved Sam would have been a lie, a blasphemous twist on the feelings Dean kept tucked away into the most scarred and sacred corner of his heart. He loved him deeply, truly. He loved him like…
The adrenaline rush of the conversation and the kiss was slowly starting to recede, and exhaustion seeped into Dean’s consciousness. He yawned as he climbed off Cas and immediately missed the reassuring feeling of physically touching the angel. He pulled Cas up after him and threw his arms around him again and for a while the two stood still, just holding each other.
He knew he should text Gabe and Meg, let them know he was back in Kansas, that he had arrived safely, but he knew he would sound as shaky as the feeling of having pressure in his chest always made him feel and he didn’t want to worry them.
as it was a very Cas-centric episode. Cas also monologues in this, just like he monologues in that episode.
Who she was, what she was doing, was already amazing. Who she was, what their friendship entailed, was
“Yeah. When I was looking at the structure of Heaven and the premise of “eternal happiness” the current model wasn’t working. I would never be eternally happy if I was separated from those I loved,” Jack looked a little shy as he explained.
Dean inhaled deeply through his nose. He moved away from Cas slightly and reached back into the basket and pulled out a deep blue notebook, with a golden bee on the cover.
“Dean did remember last night. But he has not had the opportunity to discuss it with either Missouri or Amara, so we should let him be for now.”
Castiel nodded, gently placing his hand on Dean's shoulder, "Dean, I'll be fine. I needed to talk to Jody anyway."
“Dean you need to slow your breathing, you’re hyperventilating. I know it feels like you can’t breathe, but you can. You’re getting too much oxygen in.” Sam’s voice finally pierced through the fog in his brain. He held on to the familiar sound and followed his brother’s instructions. Slowly his breathing returned to normal as the panicked feeling bled out, leaving Dean feeling weak and shaky.
An hour before, he had watched Castiel talking to Jack and his husband Connor, a nice man who had worked at the corner store close to the bunker in Kansas. His twin daughters had been brushing his hair and tucking him in warmly, as he was always cold these days. He kissed both of their hands as they joined their brother and father. Sam, who had refused to leave his side since this prognosis, was bouncing his great-nephew on his knee weakly. And looking at him, Dean could see through the lined face and the grey hair to the kid he had raised and the strong man he had become. He had patted his brother’s hand gently and had whispered “I’ll see you soon, baby brother”. He doubted Sam could hear him, his hearing long since having deteriorated. He mostly communicated through sign language these days.
Cas stared ahead of him. This could not be happening. There was just no way the universe hated him this much.
As always, the biggest of thank yous to Hellbreaker42 and Aubrielle for the beta and advanced reading respectively. You guys are so amazing and I so appreciate you!
“Uhm, not really… Meg it appears that the universe is playing a cruel cosmic joke on me,” Cas whispered. He hadn’t heard Dean leave the lounge and didn’t want to be overheard.
“Fine, yes. Whatever. And so last night he came over to my room and like demanded that we talk, and he kept asking what I want and yeah, there was yelling and then – uh – other things.”
was playing softly from the other room. And Dean swayed them to the music for a minute. When he pulled back, he was happy to see that his wedding ring had come with him, the silver band infused with the Grace that he had used all those decades ago to save Cas.
The grace had started glowing brighter and brighter until suddenly, in a bright burst of light, Cas was at Dean’s feet, his life force taking the form of his current vessel, the one back in Dean’s room. But as Sam had suspected, Cas was asleep. Dean flinched, scared that the light had woken something up. So, he worked quickly: saying the spell, carving the symbol on both Cas’ and his arm. Dean felt giddy when he saw Cas’ life force enter his arm and the amulet fall back to his body. He turned in the direction he came from and sprinted flat out to the flashing light.
He had felt a flame of blistering anger licking through him when Castiel spoke of how his brother had left him. Twice. He knew it wasn’t rational to feel this level of emotions about a man he had never met and whose personal story wasn’t familiar to him, but when he closed his eyes now, all he could see was
“Hey, Dean! Just checking that the place isn’t too skeevy,” his brother’s voice traveled through the tinny speaker of his cellphone.
Hannah, whose latest manic-depressive episode had been the reason she was admitted in the longest program available, eight months, was terrified of leaving. When her husband had fetched her, there was an evident uncomfortability, a stiffness in the way they reached out to each other. But, at least, they were still reaching out. Hannah had cried, but Castiel believed that she would be okay. She had been struggling for years, not understanding her brain chemistry, unable to make sense of what was happening to her. But now she did, and she had the right medication, the right tools. She had needed this time, and now, she was better equipped to handle her life.
“Heya, Cas,” his voice was rough. Castiel walked over and dropped onto his haunches in front of Dean, unsure if he would want him sitting next to him. Unsure of what he needed.
He jumped off the bed, silently walked to his door and placed his ear against it. He listened as Cas made coffee and poured cereal. He stood with his ear pressed to a fucking wall like he was in some Disney Channel Original sitcom. He waited until he heard nothing coming from the common area before gingerly opening his own door.
Every day they had a non-therapy activity. Mondays was pottery, which Dean was exceedingly bad at; Tuesdays was music or poetry, which Dean was okay at (he had learned to play the guitar a little in high school, although admittedly, he hadn’t really had the time to give the hobby the attention he had wanted to); Wednesdays was yoga, which Dean could barely participate in as he was about as flexible as a telephone pole (but he did get to watch Cas bend into strange and exciting positions, so he wasn’t complaining), and Thursdays was an open day. Which meant in the allotted hour and a half slot, they were allowed to do what they wanted given that it was an actual activity or skill.
“Hey, Cassie,” Gabriel stepped towards him, and Castiel threw himself into his brother’s arms. The same way  he had so often done before, back when he was a child and his brother had been the only one who could make him feel safe. The only one that could keep the voices at bay, could keep their parent’s poison out. Gabriel, goofy, never-serious, mischievous and loud, Gabriel hugged his brother tightly and whispered softly, “I’m so sorry, baby brother. I’m so, so sorry”.
Castiel’s heart seized in his chest before suddenly pounding at an alarming rate. He flicked his eyes to the entryway and sure enough, Dean Winchester was standing there with a duffle bag slung on one shoulder and a small suitcase in hand.
“Oi! No funny business in my backseat,” Bobby broke them up, but when Dean caught his eye in the rearview mirror, Bobby was smiling.
“Did you have fun there?” Dean questioned. Cas noted a strained tone to his voice but couldn’t guess at the reason.
“He hadn't been around in weeks...” Dean murmured, trying to remember, or better yet, think of any reason he would’ve actually gotten into a car with his father.
“No, everyone’s always ready for bacon,” Dean said smiling, “except Sammy, of course, stupid kid. I mean, are you ready for your life story thing today?”
So, Dean did; he closed his eyes and inhaled as deeply as he could, focusing on the feeling of his diaphragm filling with air.
After the plumber left (with the pipe fixed, but the hole in the ceiling remaining) Cas moved his suitcase to the floor and dropped heavily onto the couch. Dean walked over from the front door where he’d just let the guy out, and leaned against the wall opposite from Cas.
“So, before you head to breakfast, I thought I would just let you know that our latest addition over there,” she said gesturing to the door, “will be your roommate for the remainder of your stay.”
It was one of the most incredible experiences of Cas’ life, and he hadn’t wanted it to end. Hadn’t wanted to leave the excitement of the outdoors, the thrill of being so close to the animals he had studied for so many years just to return to his empty and lonely apartment. So, on a whim, something Cas usually never followed, he’d offered to stay behind and help Dr. Fox compile and sort through all the data they’d collected.
“Exciting is not the word that I would use in this situation,” Castiel admitted, taking a sip of his coffee, trying to hide his grimace. Hannah had not added sugar; not that she had any reason to know how he took his coffee.
Thank you all so much for all the comments, kudos and hits! You have no idea how much it means to me. I love getting your feedback and any interaction literally makes my day.
Dean whipped his head to see the very evident confusion in the kid’s face. He even detected a hint of fear.
“I don’t– Something in me just snapped that night. Seeing you like this, and then John and I– I’m sorry that I didn’t get rid of John when you asked. I’m just– Jesus, Sam, I’m so fucking sorry.” Dean planted his free elbow onto Sam’s bed and dropped his forehead into his palm.
I checked with the neurologists who ordered scans and there was no physical reason for your memories to be disappearing. It was all mental.”
Dean suddenly wished Sam would worry about the math again. “Jesus, Sam, no. We barely said ten words to each other before he ran into his room like he was being chased, as if he couldn’t fathom being around me for more than five minutes.”
“Dean, it’s the middle of the night. I think we should get you back to the room, and then I’ll call Stevie…”
“We probably have more to talk about,” Dean said eventually, at this point almost fully sitting in Cas’ lap.
Jody sobbed loudly. Dean squeezed Castiel’s hand bone-crushingly tight. And when Castiel glanced at him, he had gone completely rigid, his face seemed bleached of all color. Castiel blanched a little; he had never seen Dean look like that. When he noticed Castiel staring, he shook his head lightly and then smiled in reassurance. The smile seemed real enough. Castiel ran his thumb along Dean’s and then turned back to Jody.
Castiel was really looking forward to domestic days like this with Dean in the future. Although, depending on Sam’s condition, this might be far into the future. But that was okay, too. He was in no rush.
It was very dark in his room, so dark that he could barely see the outline of the pillows below him.
“We can arrange that,” Castiel stood up, walked over to Dean’s bed and drew the sheets back while Dean changed into his sweats.
“You can’t go around spending money on stupid things anymore, Sammy. The wife will have complaints.”
Cas shuffled over to the bed and dropped down next to him. Dean extended his arm, and Cas moved as close as he could into the cradle the gesture created. Cas rested his head on Dean’s shoulder and placed his hand flat on Dean’s chest. Dean started lazily running his fingers up and down Cas’ arm with the hand attached to the arm currently encircling Cas. With his other hand he reached into his jean pocket and extracted his cellphone. He typed something as Cas tangled their legs and closed his eyes. Dean continued typing on his phone for a little while longer, and Cas busied himself by running his fingers up and down Dean’s clothed chest. The moment was so intimate and gentle that Cas thought that he would go through everything that had led to this moment a hundred times over if the outcome was this. For the first time in his exceptionally long life, Castiel was at peace.
He schooled his features into what he hoped was a neutral expression as he lifted the bag and walked into the small living room. His heartbeat was far too fast and far too loud. The furiously pumping blood caused a high ringing sound to echo in his ears, caused a flash of vertigo that would no doubt leave an ache in the back of his skull.
Dean suddenly missed the safety of alcohol, and the blanket of false courage and plausible deniability that would shelter him from the look on Castiel’s face. To shield him from consciously registering the way he was reacting to Castiel being this close.
Cas felt a lump in the back of his throat, turned away from the photo and sat down on the couch that smelled very much like Dean.
“I mean yes, please, but use my money. Get a couple of bottles of water, lots of jerky and anything with peanuts in it. Nothing healthy.” Dean reached in his back pocket and fished his wallet out. He found a couple of bills resting inside and handed them to Castiel.
Castiel walked into the reception area with something that felt suspiciously like exhilaration humming beneath his skin. It seemed like this newfound ability to feel things made him actually experience the
Cas squeezed him gently. “That is very mature, Dean. I think that’s a very healthy outlook. I’m proud of you.”
due to the delays from his first flight. He hadn’t even had time to buy a proper coffee, as he could barely stomach the dishwater that passed for coffee on flights, before the final call for his flight was announced. This six-hour journey did not have a screaming baby, but it did have a super-chatty seatmate named Becky. Becky was not able to pick up on Castiel’s aggressive indifference to her stories and his utter lack of interest in her love life, which she spoke about with very little filter or restraint. And in detail. Graphic detail. Cas didn’t want to be rude, but the fact that he had been awake for over twenty four hours was wearing on his already limited social skills.
“Ask away,” Dean said, trying for indifference, but knowing his voice was strained. It was a very open invitation, and Dean was nervous about what Cas would want to know about.
“Well, that depends on you, but a good opener is usually telling me what brought you here today,” her tone matched her expression exactly.
“No, not then. When the Empty came for me. I had to say things in order to summon it. Things that probably should have been said differently, things he didn’t want to hear,” Cas clarified.
But it was not his pain to take away. Dean had to work through what he had to work through, and had to process what he could, when he could. But Castiel could stand by his side, be something for him to lean on when standing was an effort. Because Castiel understood needing that.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean breathed out shakily. He had come to understand that Cas was very open with how he felt, never trying to filter or dilute it. One night, after they had kissed long and deep and slow, while their limbs were still intertwined but before they slipped into their separate beds (which they did most nights, in case someone came in to their room during the night), Cas had whispered something to Dean that had him glowing scarlet from the mere rawness of it, the intensity of the blatant adoration. Cas had definitely noticed his reaction, and when Dean had tried to spit out a coherent response (which he wasn’t able to), Cas had traced his thumb along Dean’s bottom lip, which almost made Dean short-circuit and definitely did not help with him trying to come up with a reply. He had looked Dean dead in the eye and told him that he spent so many years running away from and denying what he felt, still fought voices that told him what he felt was wrong, and the only way he could make up for it was to say them plainly now whenever he felt them.
manipulated the ingredients and tools. But, more than anything, he absolutely adored the smile that had brightened Cas’ entire face as the ingredients blended together and the sweet smell had started to fill the kitchen.
“But you can stay longer if you want to,” Dean whispered, holding on to Cas’ hand as tightly as he could.
He knew what was awaiting him, yet he knew that none of the images he had conjured over the past couple of hours would affect him quite as significantly as actually seeing Sam in that position.
“We want to get Cas out of the Empty,” Dean said plainly, downing the coffee and immediately refilling his cup.
“What was that?” Dean asked while lathering up shaving cream in his hands. Cas said nothing, just glared at Dean’s reflection in the mirror.
He had to admit, however, that he also awoke feeling more rested than the previous four mornings. He still hadn't slept
Dean reached towards him, taking both hands in his. Castiel let him, and his ocean eyes did not move from where they were staring at their interlinked hands.
“So, that means we talk about it. And then we discuss it and work through it. There are various therapeutic methods we could try: trauma debriefing or CBT. But before we can do any of that, we need to talk about it. You need to talk about it.”
“I swear, Cowboys have the same effect on you as drugs,” Castiel laughed as Dean pushed the door open so hard, the bang of it hitting the wall echoed down the deserted hall. The excess energy seemed to be in control of his limbs and actions.
“That makes sense, Dean. It is, however, often the things we are most frightened to unpack that are the most important for us to talk about.”
“It’s obviously not our ultimate goal here,” her lips had stretched, the edges lifting into an affable smile, “but for right now, it is. Right now, anything that makes you want to stay alive is okay, is
“Looks like the new patient is joining us today,” Castiel offered as Hannah came to a stop right next to him. She sat down on the bench as she reached out a hand which held a steaming mug. Castiel took the cup of coffee she offered as he breathed in deeply.
in the TV room. It was Dean’s choice, obviously, but Castiel enjoyed watching Dean when westerns were playing. He became deeply focused, eyes unwavering, a slight furrow in his brow, and more often than not, he was mouthing the words along with the actors on screen. Castiel was trying very hard not to think about taking Dean on a trip to
This. This was why he didn’t cook. He had to be the only twenty-eight-year-old who burned himself making fucking pasta.
The gravel of his voice, so rich with emotion, turned Dean inside out and then when the content of his words fully processed, he was turned right side in again.
Sam calls for re-enforcements, Dean gets an unexpected gift and Cas struggles with the Empty induced sleep.
Secondly, I have been toying with the idea of potentially doing time stamps with this fic. I've never done them before and I'm not sure if it something you guys would like to see. My beta even suggested a conversation between Sam and Dean about Dean's experience at
“Stop that,” Dean said softly, gently pulling Castiel’s hand away, “You’re making sense. You needed to be stabilized before you had surgery. And the six weeks was allowing you to become strong enough to admit that you needed surgery, that there were things you had to address outside of the bleeding.”
Dean hurried towards him, dropped down beside Cas and had his head in between his hands before he really knew what he was doing. Cas was still coughing, his blue eyes watery.
“Yes, Dean, all amnesia cases are different and although most of them resolve within a few weeks. Some cases can last months.”
“Yeah?” Dean was unendingly grateful for the interruption, but he still couldn’t quite find the courage to look at Cas.
And then Cas screwed up. He said the wrong thing. It wasn’t his intention. Of course, it wasn’t. It was a commentary about the changing ages of when people entered marriages in the twenty-first century, not recalling something from their past. He had no idea it would be a sore spot for Dean. He had no idea that Dean even remembered that part of
Dean walked into their en-suite to change out of his sweats and into jeans. He also decided to wash his face while he was there.
“Castiel Novak,” Dean repeated to himself, the tone of his voice making it sound like it was something special, something worth committing to memory, and the sound of him saying his name affected Castiel in a way he didn’t quite know how to put into words.
Dean’s arm snaked up his back until his hand rested at the base of his skull. Dean started massaging gently.
“Just don’t order Hawaiian again, you fucking animal,” Meg shoved her foot aggressively against Gabriel’s chest.
Dean’s entire body went cold and rigid at the thought. He tasted something metallic as he imagined the familiar arc of John’s fists aimed at his brother.
“I don’t have the fucking luxury, okay!” Dean exploded, his heartbeat deafening. “If I don’t work, my brother won’t have anywhere to sleep, and he won’t get to go to college! If I’m not home when his social worker comes by, my guardianship of him can be taken away. Fuck that, if there is even a gap in my income, they can take him
When his name was called, Dean, Cas, Bobby, Gabe and Meg jumped to their feet and clapped and hollered louder than anyone else there. Sam was glowing red, but smiling proudly when he took his certificate from his principal.
“Dean, I don’t really know what to say or what exactly you are meaning to tell me,” Castiel said, and Dean ran his hand over the lower half of his face, exasperated with himself. He could hear that he wasn’t really making sense. But more than that, what he was saying, and what he was doing, were not aligned. He didn’t know what to say that could make this better. Words had never really been his strong suit.
Dean thought to himself as he started scrolling. He didn’t scroll long, however, because the first thing he saw on Cas’ wall was:
“No,” Jack says simply, “Think of the grace as stitches, Dean’s soul healed a long time ago, so he no longer needs it.”
He grinned as Cas crashed into him. Dean flung his arms enthusiastically around Cas’ neck and kissed his forehead as Cas snaked his arms around Dean’s waist.
Cas cursed loudly as the boiling water sloshed over the rim of the pot and burned the skin on the back of his hand. He switched off the heat on the stove and moved the pot to a cool plate before running his hand under cold water in the basin.
“That’s like ten years,” Dean eventually huffed, rubbing his forehead as if it could sort out the chaos in his brain.
“Do you want to talk about what happened with Billie and the Empty?” Sam asked when Dean remained silent.
“Kitchen,” Sam ordered and luckily Dean did not put up a fight. When they arrived, Sam pulled a beer out of the fridge and grabbed the first aid kit. He plunked the beer down in front of his brother who opened it absent mindedly.
Castiel turned and lifted himself onto his elbow, too, so that they were mirroring each other, “It was even better than I could’ve imagined. I am happy that it was you.” He reached over and traced Dean’s face before gently pulling on his chin with his thumb and forefinger.
Their lunch had extended late into the afternoon. They only called for the check when dusk had started filtering its dusty orange hues through the window at The Roadhouse. Sam and Eileen were going to a graduation party at a friend’s house, and Bobby had offered to drop them off on his way home. Meg and Gabe were headed home. Cas thought they were headed there too, but Dean had a different plan. He tried to hide the tremor in his hand as he stuck the keys in the ignition.
Bobby scoffed. “Alright, alright, no need to get sarcastic, asshat. You know I ain’t good with this type of crap.”
Dean hurried over to the coffee pot. He set a mug down, and as he was pouring, he remembered something.
The photo he had been looking at greeted him. It was Castiel in tight jeans that were rolled up to just above his knee and a plain black t-shirt. The shirt was a loose fit, but that didn’t stop the interested twitch his dick gave as he stared at the photo. He
There was a beat of silence. Then another. She said nothing, just stared at him with a friendly, relaxed expression. Dean’s heart rate picked up.
“Do you have Moana?” Jack asked, his eyes lighting up, “I really like Hay-Hay the chicken. He makes me laugh,”. Eileen smiled as she nodded. Jack jumped up, hugged his two dads, and then followed Eileen out.
And for the first time, when Dean now considered his future, he didn’t feel terrified. He didn’t feel trapped.
He luckily managed to pull himself together before the end of the ceremony, in no small part thanks to Cas’ hand that was twined in his.
Cas stiffened violently next to Dean, his hand stilling the motion on his back. Dean felt his mouth dry out, his vision blur.
“I don’t really know who I am without my faith,” Cas said softly. It sounded like a confession. He walked over to his bedside table where he switched on the lamp before turning off the main room lights.
“Hello, Meg,” Castiel said softly as he walked towards her. She was seated on one of the purple couches in the reception room, surrounded by strangers.
This is the last full chapter before the epilogue. I cannot believe it is over. I've been working on this for over five months and it seems  very strange to be saying goodbye to this world.
He sat himself up, ran a hand through his hair and rubbed at his eyes roughly. He blinked a couple of times, and then, out of nowhere, he was holding the gaze of deep cerulean eyes. The eyes placed in an exceptionally beautiful face – dark stubble coating a strong jawline. The stranger’s hair was pointing in a million different directions in a painfully endearing way. The man tugged at his hair, and Dean was suddenly faced with the urge to do the exact same thing. And then, he was smiling at Dean, something soft and gentle, and Dean couldn’t help himself, he returned his smile. And, encouraged by the fact that he wasn’t breaking the eye-contact, Dean winked at him. The man’s entire face turned a very entertaining shade of red, and Dean tried and failed to suppress the urge to chuckle. He found that he was unable to stop smiling.
Dean had known this was coming. Of course he had known. But now that her steady gaze was locked on his, her brown eyes serious and open, he felt all the questions vanish from his mind, vacuumed up until the only thing that was left in his mind were words she had already addressed.
“Dean, look at me.” Dean did as he was told. And Cas looked at him with the same ferocity and this time it made him feel like something alive was writhing under his skin.
“Sammy, not for nothing, but all of your potions taste like ass,” Dean said, barely stopping himself from gagging.
“So why isn’t he waking up?” Dean asked for the third time, feeling increasingly panicky, “Angel’s don’t need sleep.”
“If there is a secret club, it is highly unpopular. It is just me, watching the sunrise,” Castiel said as he picked up one of Dean’s shirts from a stack on the floor, he now knew which of Dean's piles were
He was busy trying to make sense of the mess in his mind when he spotted Dean Winchester looking around quite frantically while running a hand over the bottom half of his face. Castiel felt that twinge of curiosity that took root in him earlier bloom a little brighter as he watched Dean. He really was beautiful. Castiel blushed at the thought, and as luck would have it, that was the moment Dean noticed him. Dean looked at him quizzically, smiled and then jogged over to where Castiel was standing, who was seemingly unable to make himself move.
“I plan on getting very well acquainted with those teeth,” Dean said a little breathlessly. Cas laughed softly and placed a kiss in the hollow behind Dean’s ear.
“Are you feeling okay for today?” Castiel asked, trying to not sound as worried as he was feeling. It was Saturday, which meant that it was visitors’ day. Castiel knew both Meg and Gabriel would be there for him just as he knew that there would be no one there to see Dean. Dean had explained that Amara wouldn’t let him see anyone, not until his memories started returning. Dean still hadn’t really opened up much about why he was here, but Castiel could remember his first few weeks; he understood the uncertainty and weariness that permeated everything. People only came here when their lives had completely crumbled, the very foundations turned to dust. Dean may not know why he is here, but based on who ended up here and why they ended up here, Castiel can imagine that he is in no rush to remember.
“He’s not a good man, Cas, and he hurt me and let me down in ways I can’t even…” Dean bit the inside of his cheek and rubbed his hands on his thighs, “anyway, life sucks and then you die, right?”
“Just… stay. Please,” his voice broke a little on the last word. Cas did not break eye contact as he nodded. Dean mirrored the gesture and then exhaled a little shakily, “I’ll be back.”
“Dean, there is nothing you can do for him right now. Where you are is where you are doing the most good. Get stronger, here,” she pointed at her head, “so that you can be strong enough for the both of you without it hurting you in the long run. Talk to Missouri about Sam; ask her how to help him when he comes round again, what to do when you get scared, how to help without forcing yourself to shoulder the guilt. Spend some time on yourself because once he gets out… you’re his legal guardian, there’s going to be a lot you are going to have to deal with.”
After Dean had fled out of the room, Stevie had rushed after him. Castiel wanted to follow, but he was scared that his presence would exacerbate whatever demons Dean was busy facing. So, he had stayed in the room, hoping Dean would return when he was feeling more like himself.
“And it better be good,” Gabriel called from the backseat, linking his hands behind his head as he leaned back.
When he had confided in Cas one night, wrapped familiarly and comfortably in each other, Cas suggested they move in with himself, Meg and Gabe.
Dean’s eyes were burning, and he blinked as two tears brimmed over. He laughed lowly, “there just never seems to be an after.”
Thank you all so much for reading as well as leaving kudos and comments on this! I so appreciate it!
After a while, and a lot more head banging, he realized it was a losing battle. It seemed like both his biology and his brain were dead set on making his life hell.
Dean almost rolled his eyes when he saw the top of Cas’ favorite brand of creamer peaking over the lip of one of the bags labeled
The words landed like physical blows, and Castiel’s chest constricted tight in response. But when he looked back to Dean, he didn’t recognize the man staring back at him.
He turned to face the bathroom when the water stopped running. Dean appeared in the doorway and leaned against it. He palmed the lower half of his face.
“No Dean!’” Cas almost growled and this time he leaned forward and kissed him gently. A brush of lips, a moment of shared air. When Cas drew away, Dean almost whined. Although he would never say that out loud.
“I wasn’t the one pouring the whiskey, buddy,” Dean laughed – trying for casual but coming out a lot more forced -the sound strained and tense.
Dean sighed as he read that message. He didn’t want Sam worrying about him. Not ever, really, but especially not now. The gesture, however,  was appreciated.
After the sobs stopped coming and Dean was drying the tears with the backs of his hands, Bobby had grabbed him by the scruff of his neck.
“No,” Dean admitted, “I mean, I know that this is a long-term facility and that I’m here for the next eight weeks. I know that I have to see a shrink alone twice a week and that there’s group therapy sometimes…”
“It’s rather strange, and I don’t mean to alarm you with this, but you make me feel things,” Cas started fidgeting with his hoodie sleeve, eyes darting to the floor.
“Sam. He needed me to protect him initially, and I wasn’t there. He needed me after, and I was too chicken shit to deal with it and you just let me…” Dean couldn’t find the words.
“I think a pipe burst,” Cas huffed out. The ceiling above the bed had a gaping hole and water was still falling from it.
When Cas pulled back to rest his forehead on the wall next to Dean’s head, a strangled whine left Dean. He was ridiculously grateful everyone else had already left.
night, the more he replayed the scene, broke down each word he uttered, each sound Dean made… It felt like it was one of those defining decisions in one's life. And Cas made the wrong one.
as Pamela called them, were kicking in. He was lashing out because those were the instincts he had developed in order to survive. He was lashing out because this was the worst thing that could have happened to him.
Castiel smiled at the look of confusion on Dean’s face. Something about the crack in the arrogant façade spurring Castiel on.
Dean reminded himself. She paid him no mind as he walked past her and slipped through the door that was not warded against humans. Dean didn’t look back. And suddenly there he was.
There was a long silence, neither of the two uncomfortable, both just happy to be this close to the other. Dean eventually stilled Cas’ fingers and twined his own with the angel’s and gave Cas’ hand a gentle and affectionate squeeze. He turned his head and could just barely make out the angel’s profile in the near blinding darkness. Dean did not like not being able to see Cas’ eyes then. The deep blue shade of them having become one of the touchstones of his own sanity. He reached past Cas, shivered as his arm grazed across Cas’ chest and turned on the bedside lamp. The sudden flash of light burned Dean’s eyes a bit, and he blinked them a couple of times as he adjusted. The light was not glaringly bright, and when Dean’s vision came back into focus, his room and his angel were both bathed in a warm, intimate glow.
“I think I’m in shock at the moment,” Cas said as he eyed his shaking hands wearily. “But yes, I am alright. It has been five years. We are both grown men who have moved on and whose life paths have diverged.” The words came out rehearsed and mechanical, like he has practiced that type of response in the mirror.
Content/Trigger Warnings: mentions of a car accident resulting in a fatality (off screen), mild asthma attack (no hospitalization required)
When Castiel awoke, Dean was still clinging to him, his face peaceful in sleep. This was not unusual; they have been falling asleep in each other’s beds more and more frequently over the past three weeks. What was unusual, however, was the memories of the previous night that immediately flew into Castiel’s brain. The way it felt, the way
Castiel sighed, desperately wanting to take this weight from Dean. He lifted his hand and pressed it into Dean’s chest lightly, and Dean followed his unvoiced instructions, lying down onto the bed. Castiel slotted himself in behind Dean, pulling Dean’s back into his chest. He nuzzled into the back of Dean’s neck. Dean dissolved against him, and the pain in Castiel’s chest receded as he felt him breathing in his arms.
Castiel exhaled for eight seconds. He repeated this for a while. And after every cycle, his breathing came easier, the constriction in his chest loosened.
Dean laughed, “Hard? Jesus, that doesn’t even begin to describe it. But I got it done. And I kept us alive.”
“Yeah, man. I don’t know sorry. I just panicked when you weren’t here. I was scared that…” the admission didn’t come easy, and Dean found that he could not complete it. But Cas understood, he moved back into Dean’s space and placed a reassuring hand on Dean’s arm.
He was in no pain, Castiel saw to that. He had just reached the end of the road. The doctors had told them the week before, that time was running out. And Dean had insisted that Cas stop healing him, that he was ready to go. All the things, people and feelings he had wanted to experience differently he had been able to. His life had been good and long. And with the notice, he got to say his final goodbyes at his leisure.
As in an honest-to-god wink, complete with cocky smirk. Castiel’s heart clenched in a way that felt very unfamiliar to him, but he felt a warm blush creep up his neck. The green-eyed stranger laughed and smiled at Castiel again.
Chapter tags/content warnings: mentions of homophobic parents (not Dean's or Cas'), masturbation, Dean lashing out at Cas, insomnia.
“I am a demigod, naturally,” he grinned. Castiel laughed lightly, and the two of them walked over to the kitchenette.
