“In exactly 2 minutes there will be a black cab pulled directly in front of your home. You will open the door to those who wish to enter. No questions asked.”
Sherlock was getting ready to run again when the paper was pushed back into his hands, “What does that say?”
John had also found that most of his time was spent indoors - which he found got very tiring and boring the longer he was kept inside. Sure, he would pass the time with a good book when he wasn't out in the forest cutting down spruce, or even have a nice pot of tea with some of the maids who could spare five minutes of their time. Overall, winter itself was quite drab.
The car pulled back on the road and the engine hummed through the silence. Mycroft adjusted his jacket and narrowed his eyes. "I see that you and my brother are going against my warnings."
“I can see that.” Mycroft sighed as he got up from his seat and walked to the door, “I worry about you, you know. Constantly.”
He heard the treading of footsteps on the grass when he turned to be faced with none other than Lord Holmes himself. He was finely dressed in a dark grey suit that matched the sky but stood out like a beautiful pale beacon. John was at a loss for words, especially not expecting to be visited by the one and only.
The consulting detectives face scrunched up and his eyes shot to the kitchen archway, "Are you hungry then?"
John shook his head, placing the shears back in his bag and holding up the dark hair with the pink, sticky prize stuck on it, right in front of the other boys face. “Problem solved.”
John nodded, handing each man a pair of good quality gardening leather gloves. Braddock was frozen in awe, "Are these for us, sir?"
Once secured in his little sanctuary, Sherlock wasted no time pulling out his phone and texting up Lestrade.
He definitely lost track in his mind palace because he noticed that they stopped for a second. Or was it a minute? Details.
John had to let go. To allow himself to care and be cared for. To cross out the events of love in his past to make room for new beginnings and hopefully a new start. Of course he was scared, of course he was worried, but that thought alone excited him, just as it had all those months and years ago. He had to learn to love and not to fear the world around him.
John had tried but couldn't hold back a laugh as he watched the flustered man try to compose himself; adjusting his jacket once he managed to stand on two feet. His stomach hurt too much to move and he leaned up on his elbows to watch the act.
"Just tell me what to do..." he cried, wiping vigorously at his eyes. It was useless to ask a question of John, since he couldn't respond, but talking helped him feel a slight bit of relief when he knew he was understood.
, so instead he went straight the the kitchen and filled the kettle with water for tea. By the time he poured the water into two cups and measured out the right amount of milk and sugar in each; setting them on a tray and balanced it with one hand to their sitting room, Sherlock had sat himself at their table, reading through several stacks of notes.
Mycroft rounded on him and stomped angrily to their nest, “Life is not fair, Sherlock! Not with Moriarty running around amongst the humans!”
“John!” Sherlock called but was completely toned out when the boy kept walking, casually setting his hands in his pockets.
“What are you doing here.” It sounded less of a question and more of a statement that came from behind.
John Watson must have noticed the attention because after drying off his hands with paper towel he turned to face the taller, dark haired boy, gave him a blank look and just walked away, not even bothering to pay either of them any mind.
"It's what friends do. People who care about you: Friends, families, people you're 'involved' with." John cast a serious glance at his flatmate, "Are you involved with anyone?"
Greg didn't hesitate wrapping his arm protectively around his wife before nodding, “Of course, it was a bloody miracle meetin’ her.”
“Let me think!” Sherlock retorted, steepling his fingers under his chin and closing his eyes, “And don't even think about moving an inch” he growled.
The next day they visited the parents of 221b where the whole story was relayed by their little girl, all the while Jake sat smiling dumbly at her, completely besotted.
He groaned at the contact and went straight for the man's long pale neck, peppering it with kisses and sucking at the pulse point. Sherlock was more than willing to offer up more, craning his neck back as to allow more access. John was more than willing to oblige.
Sherlock pulled a face of child-like revolt, "Is that what people do? Feed each other up?" The 'P' emphasized with a pop.
This story will probably lose a schedule as my work week is unpredictable. I WILL be continuing to upload but it may be sporadically (ie. once every week/once every two weeks/or maybe two chapters in one week!). Sorry for this :/ I hate having to do this but: "it is what it is."
Laughter erupted amongst them and the violin playing from above stopped abruptly. Stomping of footsteps marched across the upper floor, the opening of a door following soon after. "Mrs. Hudson!" A deep voice rang through the stairwell and into their room. "You and your 'guest's' obnoxious and unnecessary laughter is polluting the quiet atmosphere of this studio! If you would like to proceed with such pleasantries I suggest taking it to the streets!"
Rosie looked at him suspiciously but nodded before walking down the hall, “Just going to use the loo!”
“It's elevated. I've also noted the dilated pupils. I expect you think that the heart may be a mystery for some, but the chemistry is rather simple and very destructive…” he purred  “Wouldn't you agree, your majesty?”
“James!” Miss piped up and pointed to a seat right beside a mousy looking brown haired girl, “There's a seat free right there beside Molly, take it.”
His eyes grew heavy as the day passed into evening and his flatmate did not return home. There was no point for John to wait up for him, no one ever did for him anyways. Instead, he let himself relax in his chair as the sun beat against he little amount of skin peeking through his dress shirt.
"I-I can't do it." He mumbled, taking a deep breath as he tried to slow down his over-beating heart.
Thunder cracked through the sky and the rain followed soon after. The wind picked up and pushed at their bodies. John had to grip the side fencing of the gazebo while Lord Holmes steadied himself on the steps. With all that wind, the small roof could not aid in blocking the spray that hit them in all directions.
They wasted no time pulling at their clothes and dropping on the large mattress that John had maneuvered them to. Raging moans and heated cries filled the room and John could have come alone from the ways in which his name poured from his new lovers gaping mouth.
(This chapter gave me some troubles because I was - and still am - trying to plan out the full story as I go.)
"I would like-" Sherlock murmured but was cut off when the door swung open with a crash, hitting against the wall. Young Braddock was sporting a rain jacket with another one in hand.
“I found a little boy just like me mum! He was at the shiny pool collecting some water for one of his experiments - I think that's what he said… anyway, he was very shy but I think we’re friends now! We played hide a seek and collected berries too!”
Sherlock sat back in his chair and crossed his arms. This little tick called Jim was already staring to get on his nerves, “Im not giving you a single pound Jim...or should I call you James?”
The numbers 221B caught the light as the golden colour reflected the sun. John took a deep breath and his fingers subconsciously began strumming the rim of his cap. The click of the doorknob was his signal and John straightened up as much as he possibly could, re-adjusting himself on his cane.
Yela smiled down at her son and planted a kiss atop his yellow strands, “Yes of course, my love, there were some of them that were very kind.”
Mycroft walked to his desk and produced a syringe of blue liquid in the palm of his hand. Sherlock marched over and snatched it, bringing it to the window and examining it under light.
Sherlock almost gagged at the title and set John on top, "Ok, John. Do you need to release your bodily functions?"
After the two of them miraculously woke up from their naps, John had fussed over his stomach yet again, forcing his 'posh boy' to take care of it. And Sherlock didn't disappoint.
“Come in” Johnuin called, as Stamford popped his head through the door with armfuls of clothes and set them neatly on the bed.
John frowned again and then went back to his food. “I must admit - you got bullocks, Cheekbones. Standing up as long as you have to Jim and his lot.”
"And why now?" John hummed and he drifted over the current page he read until his eyes landed on a familiar face. '
Just a little note: My apologies that this is a short chapter. I unfortunately had to rush this one because I've been busy and haven't had enough time to write. I just wanted to make sure you all had an update this week, so hope you enjoy it! :)
"Y-you were at the pub last night!" A confused narrowing of eyes forced him to continue, "I was the...the...." his mind raced. Tell the truth or lie? He didn't know this man, why would he pour out his problems.
Sherlock’s patience was wearing thin on the stupid question. Don't people pay attention? More importantly, would anyone actually listen to him for once?
The voice ringing through his ears caused John to stumble to the empty bed, falling back on it in shock.
He had just finished up dumping a sack full of dead branches and dried twigs into the compost barrel, when he noticed a little purple head peeking up from the sea of green. He smiled down at it, remembering the comment his Lordship had made that one winter afternoon, and picked it - placing the little beauty in his breast pocket.
Greg just watched the yellow and black rugby coat disappear, mouth agape in shock before turning to the tall bloke that approached with the dark, curly hair and a smug looking grin plastered on his lips. “Did he grab it?” Sherlock asked.
The two gentlemen weaved through the rows of tables until they arrived at a two seated table draped with a cream tablecloth and a intricate crystal candleholder. With menus passed out and both of them seated, John was able to get a better view of the room around him. The Landmark was definitely a sight to behold. With a spiral staircase gracing the back of the room to a second floor, and a crystal chandelier hanging above it, the room was comprised of many decorated tables and a small stage on the furthest left hand side. John couldn't help but gawk at the beautiful piano that stood atop it. Too many memories rushed back and he shook his head violently to clear it. When he turned back, Sherlock was eyeing him curiously. "Something the matter?"
"Nonsense, John." He flapped his hand at him before returning to Peter. "And John here will have the veal."
There was a beat of silence before John took another shaky breath and continued, tone dry of any emotion, "He passed out in the lounge after having a fight with my mum and Harry was only three at the time...I-I thought it was one of the toy guns that you see on the telly, those ones you see American bobbies always running around with - thought it would've been a good idea to play with. Harry didn't even know what the hell I was on about, but we played chase all the same.”
John's brows furrowed at the name. "Lestrade?" He turned to Sherlock, who scanned over the tiny sheet. "You know Greg?"
"Well that is too long! I can only keep my hands off that room of yours for so long before I decide to dust that mess!" She clicked her tongue at him and turned back to John, "You too young man! That piano hasn't been touched in quite some time, poor girls going to rot."
"Odd for you to be coming in here doing the shopping, Dr. Watson. Shouldn't a stand up man like yourself or Mr.Holmes hire a housekeeper? Or what about Mrs. Hudson running your homely errands!"
Greg turned to the tea stained work of art. "That bloody thing you commissioned for? THAT, the reason you were laying like a dead-beat over there!" Greg shook his head and drilled his fingers into his temples, trying to process the actions of his friend.
Sprawled on the floor atop a pool of blood lay the body of Bill Murray, a fellow comrade and friend. His head was detached - just like Merchant's had been - and as he stepped closer and just slightly behind Sherlock, he caught a glimpse of a yellow page sticking out of his front dress jacket pocket.
John let a scowl form on his lips, and he puffed up his chest a little at the comment made to make fun of him. "And I too would be more than honoured to speak at their table, however, I am currently held up in employment elsewhere."
Mycroft looked down his nose and Sherlock took the opportunity to grab John and shimmy them both around Mycroft. “Don't mind him, John. My brother has nothing better than to stick his big nose in other people's business it seems.”
John chuckled at the seriousness in Sherlock's demeanour, his face relaxing and a fond expression taking it over. Sherlock abruptly turned back to his work as if John was never talking to him a moment ago.
"So, what do you think?" Lestrade asked beside him, a hint of a smile wrapping it's way into his voice.
Tears welled up and stung his eyes while his body shook with a pain that had built up in himself over many weeks and months. His shoulder began to throb, now being exposed to the air, but he couldn't have cared less. He felt like dirt, like mud that was trampled down by a thousand horse hooves and he wept like a child.
John cleared his throat, regaining himself a little after the price shock, and fiddled with the cane handle settled against the table. "So I'm guessing you come here often."
Jacob nodded, eying the still loaded pistol and taking a deep breath, praying to the gods it wouldn't be his last.
John couldn't help but notice the small towel that was balled up and held against the palm of her hand. He pointed to it and saw her expression instantly change - from a kind smile to a frown.
"Mr. Watson," a man with brown shaggy hair, and the hint of a growing beard, approached him and reached out a hand, "Names Anderson, I'll be part of your shift workers."
you for that matter, it would have been done by now. No, I have more - how should I say - important matters to attend to. What do you know of Sherlock Holmes?"
Mycroft did not seem fazed, “You hit the nail exactly on the head, brother mine. We will not do anything so that the colony will not be found. The humans have indeed believed that they wiped us out completely during the war, but alas this was their fault and mistake - such is in their nature. By even attempting to silence Moriarty, or in fact, kill him, would be risking our own hides!”
"So," he began, eagerly looking out the window once the engine started, "What can you tell me about Lord H.?"
Being in each other's hold, standing in the centre of the room while figures danced around them, made it feel as if they were invisible to the world. The mystery, the intrigue, the pure talent just made the prince that much more curious. It was the boy, that much he was sure. Same eyes, same intelligence and same mop of dark curls, and of course he noticed the same smile with prominent Cupid's bow. But the name he never got. What was his name?
Mike stopped in his tracks out front of the local pub and turned on his heel to face John. "Well you need to stop bein' the person you are now and go back to the Watson you once were! The war is over now, John. It's bloody 1919. Wake up and smell the fresh air." The harshness in his voice made John stand up a little taller and narrow his eyes at his friend, "If I wanted to 'smell the fresh air' Mike," he hissed "I would have-"
“You know I…I’ve never told anyone about that day…” John whispered, head still bent and eyes downcast.
"Moved to the bloomin' rock of New Zealand. I've heard that one all ready, Watson." He sighed and shook his head at the annoyed puff of air that steamed out of the doctors nose. "Anyway," Mike turned to face the bar entrance with an outstretched arm, "this is the venue. 7:00pm sharp, the piano will be set up when you get here. I hope you come out John, it would do you good." With a hopeful smile and a light pat to his friends arm, Mike adjusted the bowler hat on his head and headed down the street, not even bothering to look back.
John rolled his eyes, placing all of his weight on his cane, and fidgeted with his pocket watch. "Not well."
John's fist was frozen at the door, just about to knock. Lord Holmes must have been a bloodhound in his past life, John thought, wondering how in the world that man was able to hear him approach.
Greg looked over the table with a hardened look and accusingly pointed his knife in the man's direction, “You know you called
Sherlock counted to ten in his head before taking a breath and grabbing for his cup of water. “I told you to leave my affairs alone, Mycroft.”
Johnuin took a breath, holding in a sigh at the knowing look his mother had given. He was nineteen now; expected to enter into the courting scene and find a spouse - specifically one of noble blood. Johnuin dreaded this moment the most; he knew he wasn't ready to find a wife or start a family. He wanted to train, to join the army or better yet, to test his skills and run the battalion.
Greg's phone rang not even five seconds after receiving Sherlock's most recent text. He answered it with a sigh before putting it up to his ear, “Go on then.”
"Sherlock." He tested on his tongue and found that he quite liked the name. It was alluring and unique, just like the man who stood before him.
John's eyes shot open and his arm immediately began to ache. He felt sheets entangled around his body and he shivered from his sweat drenched nightshirt. His heart picked up speed while his mind worked a mile a minute tying to decipher just exactly where he was.
Sherlock took that moment to speed up until he was right behind him when John rounded on him; his nose was discoloured and bloody, his already cut lip was deeper, and the boy had looked utterly wrecked. “I said to leave me alone!”
“Yea, home away from home if you get what I mean” John chuckled - the sound lacking any joy - it made the taller boy frown.
As the munching filled the quietness of the kitchen, Sherlock idly patted around for his phone before realizing he had left it back in the sitting room. Marching over, he scooped it up and typed out the password before his jaw dropped.
"Yes!" She squealed and then quickly hid her mouth with her hand, cheeks burning like fire. "My apologies, I didn't mean to do that."
John's eyes wandered the sitting room in more detail, since his moving in just the day before he never really was able to take a better look at his new home. Eying the paper neatly folded on a side table beside a comfortable looking red armchair, John hobbled over and slumped down, relishing the feeling of utter bliss and relaxation as he lifted the paper and began skimming its contents.
Mycroft snorted with little amusement and walked over to the bed, flipping the text book closed, “I won't ask again.”
John skipped out on breakfast that morning, deciding instead to go spend it at the arts studio several blocks down from his flat.
John was already programmed to wake at the exact time every single day, thanks to the same roundabout schedule of his past employment. He wasted no time pulling on yesterday's trousers, lacing up his brown boots, Buttoning up his shirt and securing his vest. He stopped at the kitchens for a quick slice of bread and cheese that the head cook, Mrs. Lansbury, had set out for the servants breakfast. He made no stops, except to grab a lantern before heading over to the outside shed. He was organizing the tools and prepping for the gardening day when he reached for his watch to check the time and his fingers brushed against dry petals.
That evening alone cemented the fear that Jacob had for those two men. After he had left, shaking the hands of both of them while they had remained freakishly quiet, he had already planned on proposing that night.
Sherlock floundered down the steps and placed a kiss on John's head before rearranging the goggles that rested on his nose. It was now that Sherlock realized he couldn't take things for granted and seeing his husband now, radiant, gorgeous (with ruffled after-sex hair), and just simply 'human' made him smile and his heart swell with love.  "What is it John?"
A playful grin swept across his face, and John turned in his seat to face the gorgeous man in front. "I play beautifully, eh? Well Mr. Holmes, I must say that you yourself could charm the very hearts of women."
“Sherlock?” Greg tried again, nudging his friend in the shoulder before popping a crisp in his mouth.
"The stage is set." He mumbled, walking over to the kitchen and decided on making tea. Sherlock grabbed a mug, placed a teabag in it and waited, backside leaned against the counter and arms folded over his chest.
He remembered the towering creature encased in black, teeth sharp as knives with claws to match. He remembered the human-like figure that bore a tail and was calling his name…
John walked to the closed drape and slid them open, letting the warm rays of sun grace itself in the darkened and dusty room. Clearing his throat, he hobbled to the large sheet covering his true and hidden beauty. He cast the sheet away in one swift movement - dust particles raining around him.
Sherlock was a bit surprised by the warmth in his tone but obliged to the offering, shaking his hand and then coasting through the doorway beside him. "I suppose you will be needing assistance, doctor?"
"John!" He turned his head to see Mike panting with hands on his knees as he breathlessly walked over and reached for John's hand, carefully lifting him to his feet. As he did so, the black haired man rose to his feet as well and pulled at his dinner jacket, ridding it of new wrinkles.
“Alright, times up. I've already wasted enough of my time with you.” John inched forward and casually toyed with the scissors until he dove in and trimmed the small chunk of hair that held the pink gum.
John pulled a face as if to ponder further at her question. After a while he shrugged with a grin, "No idea, who?"
He recalled those piercing blue eyes and dark curled hair, as if the odd boy were right there in front of him. Johnuin grinned when he remembered the lie he told his mother the next day to be able to escape into the forest alone once again. He had sat by the sparkling pool with his bow and a small collection of freshly pressed flowers in hand, anticipating the moment he would present them to his new found friend.
Sherlock was smitten, too smitten and it shocked him how much of a crush he had developed just by spending time with John.
'. Of course Sherlock would not even think twice about asking John to tag along. Just look at him? He could hardly get around London without the aid of a taxi and his cane, let alone run the streets of the city following a man he only met just a week prior. But yet it bit at him, clawing at his mind that he in fact wished for something like that to happen to him. To escape the chains of his unfortunate memories and distract his mind entirely with a new adventure. It was what he craved, the thrill of excitement and the presence of fear.
There was a muffled conversation that Jacob tried to catch, bringing his phone closer to his ear and holding his breath, but missed it completely.
“I can see school is treating you well,” the older Holmes lightly commented, stepping further into the room and casually leaned against a wooden dresser.
For a split second, while the warm greetings were being had, Mr. Holmes had looked soft, as if all masks were removed and what remained was a vulnerable human being. Was this the real Sherlock Holmes, Jacob wondered. And if he could remove the mask, then could John Watson as well?
Upon arriving home, Sherlock didn't even bother calling out to his father in greeting; knowing full well the man was most likely once again glued to the chair in his study. Work came first. It was what both of the brothers were told from the age of four.
John managed to compose himself enough to get back to the toilet seat and examine his leg. The flesh around the bullet wound had healed fully and his thigh bore a small scar as proof. He decided to leave it un-bandaged this time and instead, hoisted himself to the sink mirror to get a better look at his shoulder. It indeed was a sight to behold as this star splayed scar was a lot larger and uglier than the other. John felt tears well in his eyes once again and he rubbed his eyes with one hand while the other leveraged himself on the porcelain sink. He felt his knees give way and instead of grabbing for his cane, John applied more pressure to his bad leg in an attempt to stand taller and straight. He had to do this for himself. To not give up.
John shook his head violently and tears began to well in his eyes, blurring his vision. He was mad, frustrated even, that he was forced to live with this burden. The war gave him many things: a title, a feeling of purpose and duty. Yet there were a great many more things the war had gifted him that he despised. Every single day of his life he would remember. Remember the faces of those he saw who were slaughtered and torn apart from their families for an eternity, not only from their side, but the side of the '
The class chatter began to grow and Mrs. Hudson was having a hard time trying to control the noise before the door opened and a wave of silence followed after. It was as if a pin dropped in the room - harsh breathing and over-beating hearts of the other kids being the only sound. Standing at the door in ragged clothing with sandy blond hair all askew, was a short but sturdy built boy. Checking him out further, he had on old ripped up black uniform trousers and an old tattered yellow and black rugby jacket which rested snugly on his shoulders. Sherlock was instantly intrigued, sitting up straighter in his chair to watch as the young man walk into the classroom to an empty seat in the corner, all eyes glued on him.
If this situation wasn't awkward enough, Jacob internally cursed himself when he saw Dr. Watson reach for the water right after taking a bite of his spicy curry.
Sherlock just cringed and leaned his head over to John who had tapped his shoulder to gain his attention. They whispered amongst themselves for a time and once separated both began staring at him. Judging.
The dragonling was stunned, this kid hadn't noticed anything; or he did but refused to mention the unusual, “A-Aveloth berries…” he mumbled.
Carefully shifting his left arm to comfortably run it through his evening dinner jacket came with some difficulty. He finally managed without ruining his patchwork on the bandages securing his shoulder through his white dress shirt, and went to the restroom. John carefully fixed his hair, gelling it back and to the side, and carefully shaved the rough stubble from his chin, upper lip and jawline. He took a moment to look straight into his own eyes through the small mirror. "You can do this.." he caught himself saying out loud. Securing the top button of the dress shirt and running his hands down the front of the jacket, picking at little fluffs, John hobbled with his cane to the front door where Lestrade stood waiting.
With a nod to the waiter and a slim smile to John, Sherlock leaned in closer toward the table, his conversation now turned to the doctor. "John if you would excuse me for a moment."
. What I choose to say and not to say is my business alone and none other. I told you I would take the case and I-"
Greg narrowed his eyes but dug into his trouser pocket, relieving himself of a £5 note and dropping it onto the table, “Its Greg” he muttered, going red when realizing his own peak in confidence.
Sherlock was still irritated, now more than ever since John wasn't even in the lunchroom at his usual time. “If you need your daily carbs and lazy representation of what they call
After the text he received from Mycroft, Sherlock had bundled John into his pocket and ran out the door into the black car that had parked itself just down the street. Of course he had known that his brother would be prepared enough to supply a car once the text was read.
“Hello, Johnny! Don't mind me, just thought I'd give Sherlock some company while he sat alone.” Almost instantly could Sherlock see the bead of sweat that started to form on the black haired boy's brow. Sherlock couldn't help but turn his smug looking grin to his saviour and finally take a good, long and adoring look.
"Not your division? For Christ sake, Greg!" John protested as the door to the DI's office was held open and the men walked through.
Sherlock's hands waved rapidly about the air, sliding out folders and opening their contents to scan each and every word.
John took a deep breath, closing his eyes and forcing his mind and body to relax as he began to form a warmth of acceptance through his body. That of course was disrupted by a loud crash from downstairs, causing John to shoot up and bolt down the stairs with army class alertness.
Three days. The thought was already starting to eat up at Sherlock's mind. It was a struggle just to get through one, and now he had to wait three more. He sulked over to his seat and dropped into it, body going completely numb. "You idiot....you bloody fool..."
"Well I would've told 'em, maybe after that he wouldn't have agreed to move in with you. How did that end up happening anyway?"
She shook her head softly in response and dusted down her dress, "He's not normally like that, Dr. Watson. Just seems to be in a little tuff this morning is all."
The studio itself was run by an older, widowed woman who took the business after her husbands demise and created a space where artists could go and practice their talents for a reasonable price. With John only being confined to the space his flat gave him - and the dwindling contents of his bank account - the thought of ever purchasing a luxury, like a piano, never crossed his mind. And so he resorted to 'renting one out' for a couple hours each week to practice his skill and clear his mind.
Jacob was hoping that Dr. Watson was the reasonable one based off all the stories Rosie would tell of him, but he was just as intimidating - even more so now that the ex-army soldier was watching him now.
Both Sherlock and Jim stood from their seats and proceeded out the door - Jim making sure to cast a fake and sly grin with his cut lip slightly bleeding before they parted.
Mrs Hudson frowned, “Are you sure, dear? I noticed you've looked at John Watson’s empty seat several times. Are you two having a row?”
John nodded, wiping at his eyes and then bracing himself on Sherlock as the man proceeded to help him to his feet. "I-I'm sorry..." he breathed, unable to find his voice.
Johnuin's eyes shot to the younger woman, she looked at least a year or two younger, who stood in front of him. Her short blond hair was neatly done in a flowered clip that outlined her pretty face. Johnuin couldn't help to glance over at the tall and broad figure beside her, he held such a hardened look and carried the same eyes as…his daughter.
Lestrade gave him a considering look before fishing out some coin and passing it over, "Very well Mr. Watson, I suggest you head over now so you may return while daylight is still with us."
Sherlock’s interest peaked at the reaction that name was getting from the room. It was as if the name was linked to someone with a questionable reputation. When he looked over to ask Goffrey about the commotion, he noticed his new acquaintance had gone slightly pale.
Stepping out on the street was like taking a breath of fresh air. The crowd of people that once surrounded the shops now dwindled, and fewer people stopped on the street to take a peek. Looking around for a familiar mass of dark curls was a losing battle; it caused John to feel a little disappointed and abandoned. He was gone.
John attempted a hop to the hallway door and found himself successful, although it was quite tedious a journey. The phone continued to chime on their sitting room table like the person on the other line refused to give up, but John alone was grateful for that as it offered him more time to maneuver his body. He was only a few steps away when the door to his flatmates bedroom flung open and the wild detective marched straight to the table lifting up the ear and mouth piece. "What." Sherlock barked as John remained awkwardly situated on one leg.
As a response, John cheekily rolled on his back and flailed his arms and legs, grabbing his husbands attention and earning a hand fed meal.
John saw red as he stared his flatmate down with hardened eyes and an impatient rush of air through his nose. "Tell. Me. What."
Sherlock remained seated but turned toward him, "John, it's the best plan, if we can distract the guests long enough then it gives the killer an opportunity to strike. That way we can catch him in the act!"
Yela squeezed her son tight, planting kisses on his head before letting go reluctantly and wiping at her eyes, “Where were you, my love!?”
Sherlock's eyes shot to him from his seat beside the bed, "Dr. Monty, I must ask you to report on the situation regarding yourself and the maid," he took an exaggerated sniff of the air before continuing, "I'm sure your wife wouldn't appreciate the smell of
John cast an inquisitive glance before looking more closely at the note. Scanning it over several times, his eyes stopped abruptly and mouth dropped at the very small cursive letter he noted at the bottom right corner of the invitation.
Mike's face scrunched up in confusion before he waved awkwardly at the retreating body, "S-sure, see you around, Sherlock."
“John often says that. Conversation. If nothing comes of it rather than dull pleasantries, what's the point of it.”
Lestrade raised his brows, "Very impressive once again, Mr. Watson, so you were about...fifteen? When you started?"
John snatched the sheet and held it out to view it properly and raised a brow, "What exactly am I looking at?"
“I'm sorry, sir” Sherlock muttered, head bent in defeat but eyes glued to John's blank stare beside him.
The two men neared and John reflexively removed his cap, eyes squinting from the light, as he held it up to his chest.
"Oh god. Not again...what have I done..." John shuffled back, trying to distance himself in order to protect Sherlock from him. John lost his footing and crashed to the ground, dragging himself back with his hands.
John fished out several pounds out of his front pocket, dropping them into the counter and reaching for the paper bag stuffed with food. "I've told you before, Mr. Anderson, I've been scolded by the woman in which she always replies 'not your housekeeper'" John chuckled.
Sherlock snuck out of his brother’s grasp at the dragon’s New Moon festival when he saw mass amounts of lights and rows of carriages set on the road toward the castle under the hill. It had certainly piqued the young dragons interest. Sherlock waited patiently, his eyes glued to his brothers back, as he watched Mycroft disappear amongst their kind - hiding behind human skin - before sneaking into the shadows and leaving their camp.
Johnuin nodded respectfully, forcing a small smile on his lips, “The pleasure is all mine lady Mary. I'm unfortunate to say I've not heard much about you”
He turned to Sherlock, or more like Sherlock's arse. The detectives behind was directly facing John, slightly raised in the air as he was clearly leaning in for a closer look at something. Clearly. It was very indecent, of course, but John couldn't help taking a nice long look; his cheeks and ears turning a bright red which was not noticeable at all! (Clearly.)
' in his mind like a scratched record on a phonograph. A soft touch on his right shoulder brought him back to reality and John slowly opened up his red-rimmed and dampened eyes to affix them on a familiar and handsome face.
(I will definitely be returning to John's past in the future so don't think that this will be the only time you will see it!)
Sherlock's eyes widened as he turned back to face him - mouth slightly parted and eyes blinking rapidly - "What?"
Mycroft tugged the earbud from his brother's ear which earned a huff of protest from the mess of curls. “I thought you would like a snack before dinner. I was tempted to bring up crisps instead” he joked but was surely lost on his little brother.
John cleared his throat, risking a glance at the other man who held a sort of playful grin on his face. He could have sworn the fire in the room raised the temperature even further, and he tugged at his collar a little, "I-I was wondering - that is, if your Lordship permits it - to start a compost barrel."
There was something about mending and keeping vegetable gardens that always seemed to please him. Maybe it was the solitude of being able to tend to it on ones own, or just the idea of watching hard work turn into something so beneficial as food. Either way, John would have to approach these two subjects during different times, as he was still unaware how his lordship would take to such things.
John just looked up to him with his big blue eyes, crunching on a piece of cantaloupe while he lay on his back, cupped in Sherlock's hands. Before the boy left, he had made up a small serviette of leftover melon and grapes which he specifically said were for John. Sherlock had made sure to cross his heart and even broke off a piece, giving it to John to show off his loyalty.
Seeing Sherlock in a white button up dress shirt and an untied bow tie draped around his neck was quite amusing to John. The presence of his dark blue night robe on top made him look even more ridiculous and adorable at the same time; not to mention the protective eyewear he now pulled back on his head, making those black curls stick up on his head like a crown.
The beast was decorated in deep black scales that riddled its lithe but strong body. Johnuin could only stare in complete shock before his attention was drawn to the other figure, also standing in the centre of the room. Sherlock stood with mask discarded on the ground and posture ready for a fight. But there was something off about him…something….
"Give your body time to heal, Watson. C'mon, even a grumpy doctor such as yourself knows how the body works."
"Goodness! What happened?!" Tea and broken glass scattered the hardwood floor at her feet and Sherlock quickly got up from the seat, heading over and bracing the poor woman by the shoulders. "Mrs. Hudson, are you alright?"
Sherlock tried to maneuver past but was blocked immediately by a hip against the wall, “Away from you. But so far I'm having some difficulty.”
Jacob shot out from bed, forgetting to wrap himself up in a dressing gown before running down the steps to the front door and unlocking it with shaking hands. A knock shorty after caused him to jump and he froze when two pairs of bright eyes greeted him.
“But that's silly, mummy” Johnuin giggled, earning a smile from his mother, “humans can't breathe fire.”
John and Greg’s wife were sat on the sofa just finishing up conversation while Rosie had already poured herself a glass of wine and was walking over to join them. Greg made their place known by extending a hand to the small mousy brown haired woman with the vibrant red lipstick. “That's my wife, Molly. Molly, this is the guy our Rosie's been head over heels for.”
Sherlock scoffed snatching a ginger nut and took a bite, grabbing the earbud and placing it in his ear to ignore his brother once again.
Sherlock stood there frozen on the spot. He took in the hunch of John's shoulders, the defeated look in his posture and then he saw the shaking. John shook and cried, holding onto the door for support and Sherlock just watched. Watched until he couldn't take it any longer and took a tentative step toward his friend.
Johnuin frowned in confusion and turned to be faced with those familiar ice blue eyes, this time covered in a black and richly decorated mask. There was only a second for Johnuin to realize his mouth was gaping before a deep baritone voice started.
your own. I care for you too much to put you in any danger, John. Which is why I agreed to Mycroft's suggestion as to you aiding in distraction while I locate our murderer. Please understand John, in no way did I wish to upset you!"
Around him, nobles from all over the globe glided along the floor in swoops of coloured fabrics as the musicians played on. He watched with rapt attention as both men and women lifted their partners and twirled before placing them down to move along the floor once again. Johnuin was so caught up in the scene that he didn't even realize his mother had brought him into new company.
Three sturdy knocks on the front door jolted him from his thoughts. Running a hand through his slightly greying hair he grabbed his robe and wooden cane and dragged himself onward. Being only several steps from the door, a yellow leaflet lay faced down. Johns face scrunched up in both slight pain from his wounded arm and a light dusting of curiosity as he grabbed the paper and turned it around.
“M-may I ask what you both are doing here…?” Jacob rasped, forcing his voice not to crack as a sign of weakness.
Reaching for his phone, Sherlock had begun texting Graham different ideas as to how to start acquiring Mr. Watson for their little plan.
Sherlock leaned back in his stool and eyed John with knit brows, "I though that was quite obvious..."
Mike coughed awkwardly and removed his glasses, reaching for his cleaning cloth and nervously wiping them down. "No reason at all! Was just askin', no need to bite my head off or nothing. You know, John rambles on about you non-stop." Sherlock flushed all while ignoring the built up movement in his coat pocket.
When Mrs. Hudson finished up her notes and reminded the class of their assigned tasks for the night, Sherlock had made sure to stay behind - taking longer to pack up his violin while the other students flushed out the room and only him and John Watson remained.
He plucked the last cord, letting it resonate throughout the abnormally quiet ballroom just before a wave of applause poured through the air. Johnuin blushed, getting up from his seat to take a bow before gesturing to the court musicians to take over. Yela walked over, wrapping her son tightly in his arms and planting a kiss on his head, “You were lovely, my son. How did you ever learn to play so well?”
Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly and scanned the area, trying to act bored. "Yes, well he does have a life as well you know, it does catch up on him."
“He's clean” a deep voice answered, carrying a tray of biscuits and three cups of tea, setting it on the table.
"Quite relaxing actually," he paused with a quick lean in toward the other man and a hushed voice. "Shouldn't be saying that on my first official day," he chuckled before continuing, "However, I did purchase some work gloves for you and the others."
"Oh. I see how it is then." John stood up and puffed out his chest, snatching up the papers before him and strode to the door, trying to build up any of the confidence from this mornings interlude. The pain in his leg throbbed annoyingly, but John pushed it to the other side of his brain.
Mrs. Hudson had never mentioned any noises from the flat upstairs, nor did she ever mention the change in moods of her two musicians upstairs when she brought up some crumpets the next morning. Life was too short to go on alone, and if they found happiness, meaning and a little healing within each others company, so be it.
Jake was shocked and couldn't really believe what he was seeing when Sherlock handed John a folder of papers which earned him looks each time that they looked up from it. “W-what is that?” He asked, shifting closer in his seat.
Sherlock walked over to face his brother head on, he didn't even bother to worry about shifting because the sizzling annoyance inside did it for him. Two dragon forms now stood in their cave, Sherlock’s ice blue eyes narrowed slightly. “Which is exactly why we must do something, Mycroft. If Mortiary plans to attack again, human or dragon form, they will try to bring it back to us. Think, Mycroft! You'd be putting the colony in danger by letting him go through with whatever plan is brewing in that twisted mind of his!”
A part-time clinic doctor in Saint Giles, another small medical position at St. Bart's hospital and lastly, a Friday night gig offer at Shampton's pub. Eyeing the latter, John couldn't complain about the money, it payed more than the small clinic offer, but fell a bit short of St. Bart's. Just the thought of another medical career had his insides twisted in knots.
"As positive as I ever will be.." John raised up his chin and locked there lips together. The kiss was sweet and intimate and when Sherlock pulled back, his cheeks were so beautifully blushed pink.
"Because.." Sherlock slowly walked toward him, smile widening with each step. "...any other animal choice could have been interpreted as having pointy ears."
Morning eventually arrived and John's left shoulder throbbed with an uncomfortable pain - growing each passing hour John lay awake during the night. After his nightmarish memory broke through the peace of yesterday, his body rejected him a well rested night yet again. It was a reoccurring theme in his life - being tormented by his past. Forcing his restless and overly tired body from his bed, he immediately set to dress himself. Walking to one of his bigger suitcases, John opened it and removed the clothing within it; laying all the pieces of worn and tidy fabrics on his bed. It took him several minutes to get himself dressed in a comfortable and smart looking white button up dress shirt and a dark grey tweed check waistcoat. He matched the coat with complementary dark grey dress pants and grabbed for his pocket watch, lacing the chain around the top button of his waistcoat, and placing it delicately in the front pocket.
He cleared his throat before nodding in agreement. The chime from the clock in the hall brought him back to his senses. 12:00pm.
A booming voice from downstairs grabbed both men's attention and John had never seen the musician light up the way he did when the name "Sherlock" was called.
Johnuin turned to him with a smile, “Very lovely indeed, Stamford. What have you brought for today?” Johnuin walked over to the four-poster bed, looking down at the rainbow of colour before him.
“Mum” a little voice called through the open doorway to the Queens bedroom. A stream of candlelight shone through the room, exposing a small face with a mop of sandy blonde hair and deep blue eyes peeking through the opening.
“I see our ‘Lockie’s alone today. Did your pet dog abandon you once realizing how sad of a human being you are? Oh sorry, wrong choice of words,” Jim smirked, eyes catching the light and making them look even more reptile-like, “
John remained silent beside him and when he went to look at him, the other boy's eyes were plastered to the floor. “John….what happened there was not your fault.”
Jim wasn't happy with the sarcastic response and just growled at the comment. The room grew uncomfortably quiet all except for the sound of a plastic chair being scraped across the floor. Sherlock followed the movement with his eyes and watched as John Watson stood from his seat without a care, closed the large textbook before putting it under his arm, and strode right out of the cafeteria.
"I don't know. You tell me." John's eyes still narrowed and hand automatically reaching for his cane. He heard the man chuckle at the comment before he was standing right outside the car door with a hand extended to him.
He was a rather short man, grey hair hidden within strands of dark brown. His deep brown eyes were red-rimmed and he reeked of whiskey.
Mrs. Hudson smiled at him and did a little shrug as she walked past him and through the door. "Live and let live." She sighed to herself with a smile.
Both men let out a hearty laugh as Anderson fed the till. Watching the clerk perform the duty held his attention and he totally disregarded the other man's change of facial expression, until he felt a sturdy hand on his shoulder.
The doctor chuckled and bowed his head in thanks, "Ta, but this isn't just my achievement, let's get back to the case at hand."
“I beg to differ,” John remarked, crossing his arms over his chest before sticking out a hand, “I'll have my book back now, Cheekbones.”
"Done by the same pers-" Sherlock paused, eyes focusing no where in particular, "Of course...." he hummed and paced the office with his hands rested at the side of his face in concentration. Both John and Greg watched him silently until the musicians head shot up and eyes widened, "Oh! That's it! Oh, he's clever. Very,
The next day at school, Sherlock was ready to put his full plan into action. He hadn't told Gavin (or was it Gerald?) yet, but he would eventually. In Mrs. Hudson's music class, Sherlock couldn't help but stare at the short sandy blond boy who was currently playing the clarinet as he blocked the rest of the world out. This being their only class together, Sherlock wondered if John bothered about any of his other classes. For music, he would show up on time, looking and dressed completely like any other day, and remain by himself - closed off to everyone except when Mrs. Hudson would approach. She would end up leaving compliments for his playing or encouraging him to continue with his practice.
Loading up his belongings the next morning into the taxi felt like a  weight off of his shoulders but also added to a growing pit in his stomach. The pit of anxiety and fear of the unknown.
"It's been so long since you've visited anyway, I was wondering if you went up and finally bought your own piano!"
She nodded into his shoulder before releasing and grabbing several bags of food, “Where do you want these?”
John sat in silence, staring at the artwork as Greg blotted away the moisture.  "It's in two hours John. For Christ sake you need to get cleaned up."
"Very wise choice of words, John." There was smile in his voice before he turned around and there it was, shining eyes and all.
As the line drew near the front gates of the castle - and he managed to snake his way into the crowd which dressed more like him - Sherlock overheard the requirement of a invitation in order to attend the party. He cursed under his breath; of course…humans. He scanned the area around him, making sure no eyes were following him any longer before he ducked around the side and scaled the large stone wall, shifting to his claws for easy maneuver.
It wasn't odd for John to pop in on Mike when he was working, odd enough he also had to remind himself to apologize for the happenings that occurred the last time he was looking for work. When the bell chimed above the door to notify of his arrival, Molly was right away all smiles and cheerful greetings.
"Oh John, it's wonderful for you to show up this morning!" She clapped and went to go retrieve his coat.
John chuckled and walked up to the desk, leaning against it with one arm, "And what has happened this exact day to make it a good one?"
"Watson." He heard Lestrade call over. John straightened up, brushing the lose dirt from his trousers.
He leaned back in his chair and placed the sheet down in front. "I would honestly consider your offer, Mr. Holmes. But as it seems - in about 42 hours-" rolling up his sleeve he checked his watch, "I will be evicted from my home, and out onto the streets. Any job retaining to that of the arts is not in my pay range." He took a final sip from his tea, " and anything dealing with medical is out of my considerations for now." He placed the cup down and reached for his cane, lifting himself from the chair carefully. "I bid you a good afternoon, Mr. Holmes" he bowed his head, fingers tipping the edge of his cap as he proceeded for the door.
Upon entering his first class, Sherlock caught the frown on Lestrade’s face as he made his way to his seat. He did his usual routine, pulling out his binder and group of pens, before sitting down.
Mycroft sighed heavily, turning onto the main road once again and in the direction of their home. “Are you going to bother telling me
John sighed and decided to go and retrieve his cane from the restroom floor as his balance on one leg was not too keen for long periods of time. When he returned, with his shirt and waistcoat wrapped around him and buttoned up, John decided to leave Sherlock be for a while and sat in his usual chair reaching for the morning paper that displayed Doe's face. He read the paper fully this time - instead of skimming through it as he did earlier - ever so often letting an eye wander to the mess of curls flipping through and throwing papers aside.
As Jake watched the taller, intimidating man saunter off to the kitchen, John took the seat across and rubbed his hands together before clearing his throat. “So about how long now?”
John shook his head this time before raising his eyes with an arched brow. “Go on then, how'd you know.”
"Yes very well, you may both leave now." Sherlock snapped. John looked over and could have sworn that the detective was pulsing with excitement. His eyes were glistening and his face held an expression as if he was ready to explode.
John turned his attention back to the room around him, taking it all in as he licked his lips. "Nothing."
"I-I'm - I have to get going now..John...I-uh.. require John for a sample." Sherlock stammered, slowly backing up and heading toward the park.
Sherlock set both mugs on the side table beside the old plush chair and retrieved John, cupping him in his hands and folding the both of them on the red chair. He brought John up to his face, receiving a sweet lick to his nose for comfort and nuzzled him back before laying him down on his chest.
"My Lord! Some workers spotted you running in here to get away from the rain, I've come to retrieve you, sir!"
Sherlock turned his head to be greeted by the smiling face of Jim from only two desks down. Right away he knew this boy would not let this down. Just beside him, Wilkes dragged his thumb across his neck as if saying ‘you’re dead’, and Adler just sent him a mischievous toothy grin - outlined by vibrant red lipstick.
Sherlock looked back up with a frown before returning to his notebook. "Don't be ridiculous, it was just a small mixture of methane gas and oxygen causing a chemical reaction. Combustion, John."
John shot up to his feet, reaching for his hat once again and taking a bow "My Lord, I was not aware that it was you. I thought An-"
It was a very good thing that that was the day when Mrs. Hudson had closed the shop to go and visit her sister.
Surely he was rushing into things, of course. Having just only met the man the other day and already agreeing to both working with him AND moving into his flat. It seemed like a big jump. Alas, he eventually tried to reason with his brain and give in. The driver asking his destination threw him from his thoughts. "221B Baker Street, please." Even just saying it felt unreal to him.
"Sherlock? What are you doing here?" He quickly grabbed the sheets of paper and tucked them back in his coat pocket.
Johnuin shut his eyes once again, ignoring the throbbing pain to instead try to remember the events that transpired before the blackout. He recalled the party and the music, the laughter and the comments made by Harry.
John returned to sitting on his chair and tried to settle his breathing and calm his nerves. It would be his first time directing some of the staff, and that thought was scary enough. He drowned out most of the speech that his superior was instating but then was brought back when the large table was clearing out.
"Well, do come in. Your usual room is all set up, I'll bring some tea and biscuits if you would like later."
John instinctively set the tray down opposite him and reached to place a cup out in front. Sherlock looked up at him with a blank expression and went back to his pile of papers. "Is this a form of olive branch, doctor?"
Sherlock looked at John, noticing his face pale and shoot to the lunchbox that was still opened. One thing that John failed to hide while packing up, and the thing that Sherlock didn't fail to see, was a flash of…. gunmetal. Sherlock's eyes widened.
Grabbing his top hat and grasping the door handle with his other hand, Sherlock paused his actions, "To the butcher shop."
, he mentally wished he could communicate to her telepathically, to call her name and wish she could hear him back home,
Before long, John walked back with two trays of food and placed one in front of Sherlock without a word.
, he was involved in the sending of the letters in which Merchant received, he was merely a conspirator."
Sherlock's face twisted in confusion before he too realized where his hand still rested, and removed it swiftly, cheeks flushing slightly - John oblivious to the colour change.
“That's it!” Mycroft roared, charging to the cave mouth and throwing himself against the wall. The opening shook as boulders fell from the mountain top, blocking the entrance completely. “You will either wait until your twenty-fifth year or you are banished to leave the cave. Permanently!”
“Well, that's one way to get rid of that,” Sherlock drawled, clasping his hands in front, “ I wasn't bothering with it anyway, so thanks for the clean up.”
But then Sherlock took another look, narrowing his eyes in concentration while the deep blue ones still watched him behind a golden mask. He let his gaze roam, taking in the golden hair and thin lips until it hit him.
“Says you,” she responded, “the court has different ideas. They’ve been at my back for so long, I just tell them to go pleasure a horse now.”
Without giving any answer, the feisty teen popped open the car door lock and bolted down the street. He mapped out the area immediately and when John turned down a darkened alleyway, did not even hesitate to follow in the shadows. He was curious about this fellow - more so then any other human being he had come in contact with - and he wanted to know just where he was going and if he could get more data.
Jake smiled lovingly at her nodding and getting up from the sofa to walk over and kiss her cheek, “You look lovely.”
Sherlock had barely slept that night, nor did he even bother with breakfast in the morning. His mind was completely wrapped around the mystery of John. It bothered him enough that he ignored Mycroft's looks before leaving for school.
Walking into the small and quaint cafe, the aroma of freshly brewed coffee and steeped tea filled his lungs. He was already eyeing all the different cuts of deli meats and reading the daily sandwich board when his stomach growled once again.
The smile that appeared on Sherlocks face could have stopped all of the clocks in London. John's heart swelled in his chest and he pulled the man down into a heated and flooding kiss that set his blood on fire.
"It's just that I....I...I've never been in one of these before." He blushed, nervous as all hell stepping into something that moves and he can't control. Lestrade let out a loud chuckle, "Then let it be a new experience for you, Mr. Watson! You've already travelled so far, making your way down here to Sussex, I can tell that your a man of adventure - so let this be a new one!"
“Don't be ridiculous, John. That's hardly comfortable” Sherlock grinned, ears picking up the huff of laughter from the other boy.
It never did anything, just got Sherlock talked about and picked on even more. They used to call him the snitch. He thought for sure Sherrinford would be a clean slate. Guess not.
"Goodness, John! Did you get heckled in the streets? Shame on those fools! Attacking a poor man like yourself-" she was caught in her words right away. John's face fell, followed by his eyes, and the wooden floor below never looked so depressing and interesting at the same time.
"However.." Mycroft carried on, "knowing both my brother's clockwork brain and your hungering need for an adrenaline fix."
Walking into 213a was a difficult task, especially since Sherlock's stomach couldn't help but flutter every time his eyes trailed back to clock on the wall. He didn't even realize that Miss Morstan had walked in until last weeks tests were handed out.
"You got a fever?" The detective inspector walked toward him and pulled out his handkerchief, passing it over. John nodded in thanks and quickly dabbed at his brow before returning to Sherlock - who now sat up staring at him with annoyance.
Lord Holmes just looked at him then with irritation and a hint of something he couldn't place. It wasn't until a baritone and deep chuckle rose up into the confines of the shed, that John finally got to witness and hear his Lordship laugh. It was sweet, perfect and above all absolutely adorable, and he grinned to himself that he was the lucky one.
The melody was sweet but also yearning as if portraying a journey through emotions. John just sat in awe, all form of jealously and ill-temper just flushed from his body and replaced with warmth. When the music ended he got up from his chair and joined the applause of people while the dark haired man bowed respectfully. John almost instantly caught Sherlocks eye and they stared at each other for several moments through the crowd of people before he removed himself from the stage and trekked toward their table. John noted the change of pace in Sherlock's stride and he quickly settled himself back in his chair.
Sherlock had made sure to take his fixed up bike to school that morning, deciding instead to avoid any further interruptions from his brother. With his book bag secured on his back and the important parcel within, he took no time at all making his way to the familiar house he arrived at just yesterday. He followed the map secured within his mind palace and counted the seconds between each intersection before arriving at the flat which he only assumed could be John Watson's.
But that still didn't stop him. The more he fought, the more John wished there was a hole that sank deep beneath the Earth to swallow him up. When Sherlock finished spouting insults and crushing the man's intelligence, he simply turned to the doctor with a thin smile. "Now, before Mr. Anderson rudely interrupted the reasons behind my journey with his appalling face-"
The woman's eyes shot up from her phone and soon both of the terrifyingly silent people were now chuckling amongst themselves. Jacob felt himself blush instantly and turned to Rosie for some sort of guidance or reassurance. What he found, however, was his soon to be wife hiding her pleasant smile behind her hand.
It would be the words that eased him, yet the same ones that put doubt and uneasiness in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach.
Finally another chapter! Apologies for the delay, but life's been interesting and motivation has been lacking with this fic. None the less, I will not leave this story unfinished even if it takes a while to complete. Enjoy!
"Mr. Watson, you are not allowed to enter the front doors. Servants are only able to enter the servants door."
The figure remained positioned at the door before taking a step into the dim light of the room. John took a breath and then cleared his throat, turning his head away in embarrassment.
These thoughts didn't last long, however, before his stomach growled in protest. John knew very well skipping out on breakfast wasn't the best idea, and now with it being lunch time, he couldn't afford missing another meal. He planned on going back to his flat but changed his mind and settled to eat out instead.
The dragons were mobbed together around a bonfire of their creation with goblets made of gold in hand, and each of them decorated in their most luxurious and elegant robes and dresses. The new moon festival was always a spectacle to witness, even after all these years. Sherlock had only witnessed one other festival in his life, and by no means was he disappointed with this one.
Sir Richard reached for the Queen whose body began to shake as tears streamed down her face. “My lady, please. Myself and the guards will continue to look for prince Johnuin, but we must escort you back to the castle for your safety first!”
When Sherlock remained silent - just staring - the little golden boy just smiled at him and carefully trekked over to him, boots caked in mud, “Can you speak?”
Sherlock looked up at him then back down at the tray, he wasn't hungry at all In fact, but the thought of John standing in the queue to get him lunch made him pick at his potato.
He remained unconvinced, but instead of pushing forward, he let it go to John's surprise. "Have you figured out what you will be eating?" He asked, flipping through the menu before placing it down on the table.
Greg had no patience at the moment, running the tap in the boys bathroom while he tried to soak his hair through to remove all trace of Sebastian Moran. “You don't think I know that?” he replied sharply.
"Hoo, hoo" a voice from behind pulled him back to his senses and he pulled on a small grin as he turned to face Mrs. Hudson, tea and biscuits in hand.
Sherlock nodded and then looked over to John with a fond expression, "This is my colleague, Dr. Watson."
Just then he felt a small and wet pressure on his cheek. Sherlock opened his now red rimmed eyes to be greeted by the small creature, licking his cheek gently. He could almost picture the sad look on John's own face, cupping his cheek and rubbing the pad of his thumb over it. John was always there. Always. But had Sherlock ever truly been there for his husband in return?
Feeling the cool air rest on his chest caused John to shake before he felt the warm pressure of a hand graze over the bandages, unwrapping his left shoulder. "How is it coming along?" Sherlock asked, clearly trying to cover up the tension and awkwardness that built up in the small confines of the room.
The sacks were filled with a mixture of yellow and purple and he almost felt a little disappointed at the waste. Scooping up a handful of them at the base, he grabbed some twine off one of the shelves and tied several purple and yellow flowers in a very small bouquet. He placed them in his front breast pocket, next to his pocket-watch, and fluffed them up so that they rested just peeking out slightly while showing their vibrant colours.
Molly lost the battle and slowly laid her hand in his, watching as John removed the wet ball of ice that was wrapped in cloth, to examine her hand. He gently brushed a finger over it to test her reaction and she flinched a little. Not terrible, he thought. When John arose from his chair Molly was startled a little bit then looked at him questioningly.
“Shut up! You like all the rest of them fags. This ones all beat up too. That the way you like ‘em?” John's father turned his gaze to Sherlock, giving him a once over.
"What do you mean?" Sherlock feigned a 'let down' pout before the bell chime above the door brought the attention of none other than...
There was a time for a quick breath before Moran walked up to Greg and slammed his fist down on the table. “Don't think we’ve forgotten about you, little bitch.”
Sherlock heard shuffles, felt the grip on his shoulder release and took a sigh of relief before his legs gave out and ended up collapsing to the floor. He tried his best to open his eyes which were now all bruised and swollen to catch a glance of the retreating forms. Jim had grabbed Moran and was pulling him by the arm while Moran walked backward, eyes still locked on John.
you are not to leave this cave, Sherlock!” Mycroft took on his full height once more before gently grabbing a corner of his brother's tunic with his teeth and lifting him up off the ground. Sherlock couldn't do anything now but cross his arms with a frown.
221b was still standing by the time they slowly made their way to the curb just out front. Rosie had told Jake all sorts of stories about how her father, Sherlock, would spend days on end testing chemical compounds and reactions. ‘I'm surprised he hasn't blown up the flat yet’ she would laugh, relaying the one time when 221b was in fact destroyed - thanks to a certain someone whom she refused to name.
Jacob finally managed to find his legs and pushed himself up, using the comfy chair beside him for leverage. “I-I am.”
"Sherlock!" John called, lifting up the cushion from his chair and running his hand along the seams.
John laughed, waving his hands in front, "Its no problem Molly, in fact, you were just the person I wanted to see."
An annoyed huff came from the musician as he plucked the paper from the doctors hand and scrawled with his pen on it, returning it to his fingers. "There."
Sherlock brushed off the comment and went to his phone, tapping vigorously while John took a sip of tea.
John let out a hollow laugh and leaned back in his chair, elbow rested on the arm and fingers on his lips. "Unethical."
And with that, his father retreated out the door and to his car without another word, Sherlock remained in his spot in the front hall, head still bowed and book bag still snugly on his back. With a shake of his head, and a ruffle through his hair, Sherlock bounded up the steps to his room, erasing the awkward and painful confrontation with his father. Like he cared anyway. The only reason Sigur had brought it up was that of Mycroft still believing that their father cared about them at all. It was all lies of course; Sherlock could read his dad like a book.
Sherlock hung up with a growl and removed the small packet from his pant pocket and eyed the amount he had left. It was still half a packet left and his brows scrunched in the middle. What are you?
There was a hum in reply and John just watched the elegant hands expose the ugly wound that marked his body.
"You need to practice listening, Sherlock." Mycroft frowned, turning his umbrella handle absent mindlessly.
There was silence from the other end of the table and John took it as his flatmate ignoring the comment. The two of them sat in companionable silence as they waited for their food. Peter ended up bringing the wine and they idly drank from their glasses.
Could he really do this? The whole doctor and caretaker deal again? After seeing the mass of disembodied and limbless soldiers that went through him almost every hour was overwhelming.
As the two men pushed open the doors to the well-kept establishment, they were greeted by a young gentleman dawning a very heavy French accent and thin black moustache. "Greetings, Monsieur's, welcome to the Landmark, do you have a reservation?"
Evening turned to dusk and both men were still seated amongst all of the papers and surrounded with several empty cups that once housed warm tea.
“He was drunk that day, just like all the others. Came home from wherever they shipped him off to and he brought it with him. The gun."
John had continued to shout and cry from his position on the kitchen table, but Sherlock just drowned him out, falling instead into his own darkened mind.
Jacob couldn't help the shakes that consumed his body and he tried to fight to keep himself up. Thanks to the help from Sherlock, however, he was able to manage leaning into the older man a bit. “I- I would like to marry your daughter, Dr. Watson….a-and Mr. Holmes.”
Sherlock threw his phone on his bed and started on his homework before putting any plan into action. A knock at his door failed to startle him and he just hummed as way of enter.
Sherlock had relayed the incident that happened and all the way up until the end of school. Several instances Greg had removed the phone from his ear and rolled his eyes at the blabber before answering with ‘mhm’ or ‘oh’ respectably.
To distract himself from thinking it was a good idea, John headed outside to get a bit of work around the gazebo done before the rain. Taking a peek at the sky above, grey clouds were already starting he threaten the blue. John sighed, scratching at a flake of dried paint that was already starting to peel.
Just examining him now, piecing together the past twelve years of what he could gather from the prince’s posture down to his the way his left hand held a slight tremor, Johnuin remained a mystery - an unknown. Sherlock revelled the unknown. Especially when the ‘unknown’ took shape of a human male prince.
Johnuin smiled up at him and grabbed his bow and quiver, securing them on his back. The little boy was just about to venture in the dark alone when a candle, with a brilliant flame, was pushed into his hands.
He thought for sure that John would look at him now, give him that amused sort of look that would cause his forehead to wrinkle and eyes to slightly crinkle at the sides.
Jon settled his paper down on the table beside, "Quite well, now that you two are here and can help deal with the over-excited child in the room." He grinned. The musician, who now settled on the sofa, glared daggers in his direction.
"I can't....I can't do this...." John responded, voice just above a whisper and yet full of regret and pain.
Anderson was already at the shed, bag full of dead blooms as his feet, returning his equipment and grabbing shears. John dropped his sacks and patted the other man on the back. "Great job there Anderson."
"You even added a little friend." Sherlock dug into his inner pocket and fished out the small purple weed.
"Yes but human gene splicing is something still in the works, dear brother. Which is why..." The tall man standing in front of the fireplace moved in front of Sherlock and produced a small packet from his waistcoat pocket. The dark haired man snatched it up and held it in front of his eyes, examining the white powdery substance.
Sherlock sighed and re-adjusted himself on one knee, "I called your named twice and you still stand there like a dim witted officer of the Yard."
James just rolled his eyes in delight and glided down the rows of seats until he stood directly in front of Sherlock's. “You must be new,” he started, running his eyes around while Sherlock sunk lower in his chair in discomfort. “I believe you took my seat.”
Jacob had watched the loving moment unfold in front of him and he smiled at the two men. When Sherlock had caught his eye, he quickly froze but was shocked when the taller man nodded at him.
He smiled at her and slid it across the desk, "No need to fret, Molly, I bet mines in the post. What's the special occasion anyway?"
John stood there for a while; taking in the surroundings and the building as he shifted his weight on his cane. The cold air tickled his ears and nipped at his face until it became increasingly uncomfortable, forcing him to return home.
"Captain Watson. Or should I call you Doctor?" Mike turned in his chair away from the large window behind his desk.
Mycroft looked slightly vexed at the comment, "Of course. However much I am against it, there's no stopping you two. Which is why I am giving you this" Reaching into his front suit pocket, Mycroft pulled out a white pamphlet and handed it to John.
She stuffed to parcel in her bag and turned to the packed up food, organizing it all with a list in hand. “Oh, well my uncle insisted he pick us up.”
"As you wish." Came a reply, and John heard the clattering of footsteps descend the steps. He took a sigh of relief after picking up the wrapped square with caution and put all his energy into ascending to the third floor. The room in itself was quite spacious - bigger than his previous room - and John took a steady breath, calming his nerves. He got to work straight away finding a perfect space on his wall and a perfectly sized nail; slightly receding from the tacky wallpaper. He grinned to himself.
Jake sat upright with his hands clasped tightly in front of him. He already started to feel the sweat form on his brow as he suffered the judging and piercing gaze of the tall and curly haired man seated across from him.
Sherlock took a sip of tea and leaned against the island with narrowed and calculating eyes directed at John. “Rugby jacket with Watson on the back, kinda easy to go on, wouldn't you say?”
"The purple weed. Phyteuma Orbiculare, or 'Round-Headed Rampion' as others call it. What was the name I overheard you say to your young worker?"
Displayed proudly - even though slightly out of place - stood a half burned candle. The evidence of its one warm flame still lingered through the dry, melted wax and charred wick. Johnuin took a breath, tentatively touching the cool texture before his mind flooded with memories of that evening, twelve years ago.
John's eyes brows shot up as his mouth widened, "U-um, Sherlock, that's a bit pricey don't you think?"
Class ran on very slowly once Miss Morstan stepped into the room. Jim had zeroed in on the troubled look that now won over Sherlock's face and didn't stop patronizing him throughout class - sending rolled up balls of papers in the direction of Sherlock's head and also flicking staples into his hair whenever the boy marched over to the pencil sharpener as an excuse to get closer.
John took his hand and shook, smiling kindly "Pleasure to meet you, Anderson. I'm guessing that you are not the only one who's going to be working under me?"
Greg made sure to completely ignore the shorter boy beside him and went back to cleaning his hair to the best of his ability. Sherlock couldn't help staring. He must have heard. Of course…John had heard everything.
John swallowed hard, Adam's apple bobbing and he risked a glance at the other man's eyes. "S-spring is soon on its way, my Lord, you needn't wait too long." He froze.
Mycroft leaned on his umbrella and let out a long built up sigh, running a hand down his face in annoyance, "Just do as I say and don't ask questions."
There was silence in the room as his answer and Sherlock sighed, stopped his busy hands, and got up front his seat, turning to face his dragon brother who looked none too impressed. “What do you want, Mycroft” he tried again.
His face heated instantly and he would reach to loosen the collar of his shirt if he wasn't so worried about what meaning it could imply.
His Lordships lips twitched and he leaned further back in the coach, titling his chin higher, "I sense a tinge of attitude from your tone, Mr. Watson."
John replied with a nod, tearing himself away his longing stare, and following behind the tall and greying man. When they reached a back door, Lestrade stopped and turned to face him. "This is the servants entrance. You are to use this door when coming and going from outside, also smoking is not permitted within the house, so I ask that if you wish to partake, it will be out here."
A snort from the man across the table had John fighting off a pleased grin as he threw daggers from his eyes. Mycroft smiled tightly "Charmed," he added before turning to his brother, "It has come to my attention that a certain
"Enter." He heard on the other side, and he pushed open the door to stand in front of a small desk, hands clasped together at his back. "Ah, John."
“You’re right, you'd still be a little arse without mums intervention,” a voice joked from behind them.
His door burst open as he continued hitting the keys sloppily as a turn to revolt. "That's it! Yes! Play the piano like a ill-tempered child! Go on!" The man shouted and John's hands stopped, finger lingering on the final note as it drew out into silence. His other fist clenched and face grew hot before turning his head and-
Twenty minutes passed before both Mycroft and Lestrade walked through the door. "'Bout time you two showed up." Sherlock sneered, pacing the living room.
John huffed a small sniff through his little nose which made Sherlock smile and place a kiss on his snout. "As your husband, I will take care of you and figure this out...worry not, John."
“Once the mates left, I was alone. Didn't know anyone, didn't bother with anyone. And then my father-“ John’s mouth snapped shut and he shook his head until his eyes drifted to the clock.
Harry had opened her mouth but a sigh and pointed look in her director from their mother, made her shut it again. Yela smiled in thanks and turned back to her son, who wore a cocky grin and arched brow as if he had proven his point, “Are you ready for tonight, my love?”
The door closed behind him as he left and John went straight to unpacking his very little belongings. He loaded three shirts and two pairs of working trousers into the dresser, shook out his brown overcoat and then took a look at himself in a very small mirror that was adorned on the wall.
Mycroft wasted no time stepping on the breaks and forcing the car to come to a screeching halt. “William Sherlock Scott Holmes, what was the meaning of that?!”
Acting as a bloody saviour in disguise of the devil, Mycroft removed a sheet of paper from his jacket and waved it at Sherlock with impatience. "As you requested, brother mine. The list of patrons attending the banquet."
A small smile played on the gardeners lips at the sight of his Lordship stumbling with words. "Go on."
Sherlock pointed a finger at one of the captions on the Strand's Newspaper: 'The Butcher Beheading'. John cringed and brought the paper in closer clearing his throat."'At six'thirty this morning in the local butchery on Dorcet, Carl Merchent - store owner and clerk - was found dead. Police officials state that Carl's body had been found next to one of the shops meat cutting machines. Officials are still figuring out a cause of death at this time and are working vigilantly.' Jesus..." John sunk even deeper in his chair and his hands dropped to his lap, bringing the paper with it.
Sherlock couldn't wrap his mind around the whole situation. Why did John take this kind of abuse? Why hadn't he run away?
He was beat. John knew he was right. Of course he was, living in London was his dream; and if he wanted to continue and try to make a decent enough man of himself, he would have to make this work.
The small noise was made again but this time he did comply, turning to face the little beast who was staring up at him with sad eyes. It crushed his heart.
Jacob paced holes in the pavement just outside of 221b. It had been several months since Christmas when he last saw Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson (the right title engraved in his mind now). Three years since their very first meeting and the two of them had yet to warm up and fully trust Jacob with their little girl.
"And neither am I. If I am to be charge of you and the other outdoor staff, I require them to function at the best of their ability. Therefore they should be able to work without suffering any injury to their hands. As you well know, Anderson, that hands are the most important tool for a gardener and should be protected to last. These men need gloves."
"No. It isn't. See, you care so much about what others think, that you fail to acknowledge your own skill." Sherlock placed his instrument down and walked up behind John, who remained seated at the piano. He set his hands on the other man's shoulders and bent down, so that his breath lightly tickled the side of John's ear. "You play beautifully, John. Don't ever think otherwise."
As if on cue, Sherlock sprawled further into the couch, putting his legs up and turning so his back was facing John.
Jacob swallowed loudly and lifted the bags still in his hands up while he slowly made his way to the kitchen entrance, “I-I'm just g-gunna put these in h-here…” It wasn't until he was out of eyesight that he collapsed against the counter and caught his breath.
Without another word, the golden boy nodded and sent a wave the dragonling’s way before making his way back to wherever home was.
Jake had just grabbed a hold of his fiancées hand when his mobile went off and he patted his pockets until he was faced with the bright screen.
"Bloody hell, Watson you're drenched!" He commented, pointing at the sweat beading on his friends face. "If you weren't completely dry from the torso down, I'd say you ran the Sussex mail delivery." Mike chuckled and reached his hand out for a shake. John grinned at the comment, silently thanking his friend for the distraction as he complied and returned the welcomed gesture.
Sherlock stayed quiet for a minute, watching him - examining him - before he nodded, "As you wish." he turned around at the door and proceeded to leave.
Jacob chuckled but quickly shut up when he realized that Sherlock was dead serious. He cleared his throat before answering, “Well…I guess-“
Hopefully I will be able to update quicker now and good news (or bad) is that the story is almost finished!
“Ah, You must be Jake!” John called, dropping the paper bag in Sherlock's arms and walking over to the young man with an out-reached hand.
“Of course” Rosie smiled at her father and turned to Sherlock who remained shockingly silent with a face that was un-readable. When John nudged him with his elbow, the man nodded in agreement.
"Right. Thank you." John tipped his hat to the young man and began searching for a street sign or any form of landmark as he began walking the streets. Stopping mid way, John's attention was drawn the the crumpled letter in his grip. He unfolded it with little care but his breath caught in his throat and his brows knit themselves together as he read it's contents.
“There once was a time…” Queen Yela began, “When Dragons had roamed this Earth freely with humans at their side. We were two halves to a whole, a pact that could never be broken. We fought, lived and roamed together in a world where we thought was good and free. They used to call us
Arriving back at the flat, John deposited the letter on their work desk and proceeded to the kitchen. He put the kettle on without giving a second thought and layered out some biscuits on a plate. After his cuppa was made, John rested on his newly claimed armchair and zoned out completely; mind reeling around who 'M' could possibly be. Could it have been that Mycroft fellow he had that terrible run in with? He did question about his relations with Sherlock, but the more he thought about it, it just didn't quite fit - he didn't seem like the 'killing' type. Yet looks can be deceiving.
“I know it's not,” John hissed, snatching his wrist from the grip and shoved his hands in his pockets instead. Sherlock winced at the loss of contact and leaned against the door, folding his arms over his chest instead, “Thank you” he mumbled.
"John!" Lestrade came out from a corner in the main room and removed a blood soaked glove before extending a hand toward the doctor.
A voice he wasn't expecting, but at the same time needed to hear, was none other than John Watson. The boy who barely had to say a word and just give a look; here to save him again.
"JOHN?!" He cried, frozen in place. The little mammals ears perked at the name and ran straight to the humans knee, nuzzling the fabric of his trousers. It was clearly frightened, Sherlock could tell right away. Of course...this was also John...and most likely having some sort of panic attack.
Sherlock headed over to the leather couch and dropped a handful of books on the coffee table.  Several of them called: 'How To Care For Your Hedgehog' and 'Sweet Facts: Hedgehog Edition' - the books were ordained in pretty flowers and big scribble handwriting made for children. He cringed at the covers before opening up one and scanning through the index.
Feeling a light pressure on his chin, John lifted his gaze to Sherlock's - taking in the hurt and saddened look gracing his lovers face. Not once more did he ever want to see hurt on the faces of those he loved knowing that he put it there. He wanted to change, wanted to be stronger, wanted to fight against the demons not just on his own, but knowing that there would be someone to support him through that long and difficult journey to get there. Staring deeper into the man's eyes, did John notice something else. Something he never thought he would ever see again...
"Get one?" John subconsciously flipped the note to see the empty blank back to flip it to the front again, "Nope."
Almost 500 hits! Thank you so much for everyone who had read my story/left a comment/gave it a kudos, I really appreciate it. <3
The curly haired man looked rather shocked as he stood completely still, eyes blinking rapidly several times with the same expression moulded on his face.
Braddock raced down the yard without pause as a crack of lighting ripped through the sky. "Go!" John yelled with a laugh and they both bolted in the same direction.
The small parchment that was held in the other man's grip. John blanched at the sight and his stomach rolled in regret. "Nice day." He croaked, pulling at the sleeves of his brown coat.
Beside them, Sherlock's phone had managed to fall out of his pocket and now vibrated with a text. The detective rolled his eyes and let out a sigh, "I can't promise that with Mycroft though."
Sherlock rubbed at his side from the impact, but stood up straight once again just as John reached for the door handle, “I'll pay!” he shouted. John froze in his spot, head bent and hand resting on the handle. The room stayed silent for a few seconds but ended after John made his way through the door, letting it shut behind him.
“Didn't know you went back to the locker thing, James. Pretty low for a guy like you, don't ya think? You of all people would think it's dull, pedestrian,
When they arrived at their destination, John couldn't believe his eyes at the sign overtop the decorated door of the establishment. The Landmark was a five star restaurant and one in which John had dreamt of performing at. Just seeing the white lights decorating the polished and serene exterior, made his stomach turn in delight.
John took a brief look down at himself - also wearing a black dress suit, but without the tails - and then back up to his flatmate with a grin. It was almost as if Sherlock looked a little...flustered?
Sherlock grabbed for his phone, furiously locating that stupid piece of cake and hitting dial. Before Mycroft even finished clearing his throat, Sherlock was already barking through the line. "You knew didn't you?!"
It was almost as if a dangerous spark ignited in Sherlock because he was hovered over the officer in mere seconds from his position in the door, with narrowed eyes. "If you're referring to Dr. John Watson, which I rather fear you are, I suggest you hold on to your tongue before the consequences of both your actions and words will be worth more than just a small slap on the wrist. He is my assistant and will therefore be accompanying myself and Inspector Lestrade to the crime scene where we shall peruse through the given evidence and scold Scotland Yard's overall ability and idiocy."
The room was silent, other than the several small coughs that escaped the detectives mouth, as his body recovered from the shock. "Jesus Christ Sherlock I'm sorry..." John covered his face with his hands, scrubbing at it with his palms. "I could have killed you....god, I-I could've killed you...."
The phone began to ring making John jump in his chair, and Sherlock grabbed it quickly while remaining silent. John watched him with concern as he hung up the phone after several minutes.
Lestrade shuffled through the papers, eyes grazing over the ink before resting back to greet John with an impressed grin. By that time, a second pint of ale was dropped off at the table and Lestrade happily took a swig. "Very impressive references, Mr. Watson, they seem to speak very highly of you." Another sip, "So tell me, how long have you been gardening for the Lords and wealthy?"
Sherlock for sure thought that they would be going inside, thought he'd finally be able to see the living conditions that piqued his interest. But instead, John veered away from the front door and guided him to the back, pushing through a narrow gate and right to the very small backyard which held a tiny patch of grass and a wooden shed.
He wasn't very familiar with this part of London, mainly for the reasons of only coming down to visit Mike every once in a while. Oddly enough, he did remember a small cafe and deli just north of George St.
"I am sorry, my Lord." John bowed slightly feeling utterly embarrassed. "If only one pursuit is permitted, I will be thankful."
John was quite astounded as he rocked his way through the pub doors, trying not to knock into anyone. The first thing he noticed was the large amount of people, all crammed into one space. His breathing picked up along with his heartbeat as he scanned the room, searching for the stage - and hopefully a back room of some kind.
Upon entering the lunchroom, Sherlock did a quick scan of his surroundings before thinking better than to line up for the queue when he wasn't even hungry. Lestrade wasn't even here anyway, there was no point in attempting or even pretending to eat.
"I'll be right back." He said, walking toward the entryway "I have something that will ease the burn."
Jake took a deep breath to calm himself, trying desperately not to crack his knuckles in frustration.
Sherlock didn't even hesitate to let his eyes wander over the man in front while his mind was collecting vigorous amounts of data. "Interesting."
The sound must have worried the person outside of his door because in less than five minutes the knocking became quite erratic; as if somebody was bodychecking themselves against it. It took only three tries before the door bust down and the figure of Greg Lestrade loomed over him.
John couldn't read the expression on the other man's face - as usual - and instead craned his head and bore his gaze into the cream coloured silk sheets consuming him. Regret burrowing itself within.
In one corner of the large room, stood a beautifully crafted harp out of gold and Johnuin was so tempted to walk over and start playing before the festivities began. He did his rounds around the room instead, answering quick questions about seating and crowd control before being bombarded with Stamford once again to secure his gold crown and matching cape to his yellow ochre tunic.
"Just an experiment John, do calm down." Sherlock grabbed a notebook of the table and began scribbling on it furiously.
“No mummy, I didn't see him. Johnuin said he was looking for ‘Dragons’ again. He said that you told him another one of your stories and now he thinks he'll find one! I keep telling him they don't exist!”
“You better, boy,” Siger sighed, grabbing his briefcase off the steps and walking past Sherlock, “Already had enough problems at the last school, can't afford to have the same at this one. I have a meeting late tonight, don't wait up. Your brother will be home soon.”
Sherlock grinned, trying to play off how the excitement made his heart pound. “There's this really good Chinese takeout on the way to my house. Did you know, you can easily tell a good place by examining the bottom third of the door handle.”
“So what are you planning to do?” Sherlock asked, not even trying to hide the bitterness in his voice.
During dinner, John was seated between young Braddock and a young maid by the name, Molly Hooper. Molly was quite shy in the beginning, but once John cracked some jokes and told her some tales of his past employers, she warmed up to him rather quickly. When the table was cleared, they all rose once again to Lestrade's departing words of 'goodnight'.
"My brother works within the government. And when I say 'in' I mean is." John chuckled which made Sherlock grin. "He made sure to keep me far away from any battleground. Something about, 'for the sake of our parents'." He responded, adding a sarcastic ring at the last statement. "Besides, why would I want to be part of a pointless war?"
"Easy enough, John" he flicked his hand at the other man without even sparing a glance. When there was no response from the doctor, Sherlock sighed and flopped down on the leather couch, wrapping the robe tighter around himself. "The front cover of The Strand Magazine clearly states - if not shows - enough, wouldn't you say?"
John coughed - choking on a sip of tea - and grabbed at his cloth serviette, wiping at his mouth. "Oh those, they are nothing. Just little incentives."
Some time went by, and Mrs. Hudson also popped her head in the door presenting a lovely pot of tea and several stacks of biscuits. Mycroft had already started reaching for two, keeping up his prim and proper facade, as he silently nibbled on one. John carefully made his way to Sherlock, placing a hand selectively on his shoulder for balance - and avoiding the questioning glance that Lestrade gave.
"Very well," John took a breath and then set his eyes on his other two workers "Do they not have any gloves?"
The car stopped, and the driver looked back at him, face lined with 'unimpressed' as he examined the plastic cover dividing the driver and subject. Without saying a word he sighed and got out of the vehicle, trekking over to John's side of the car, and opening the door. "We have arrived" he mumbled.
John sat on his bed and spooned in a mouthful, savouring the heat as it passed his lips. Vegetable. His favourite.
John bowed his head in greeting and positioned himself on his cane before outreaching his hand for a shake.
John gave a humourless laugh, “That's the whole point, you don't do anything! You sit and you wait to get beat up. Defend yourself!”
Sherlock passed over both the book and money, quickly noting the colour of John Watson's eyes, before being shoved out of the way of the front door.
"We're going to get through this, John" Sherlock whispered, gently petting and caressing the ball of prickles, "Just the two of us...against the rest of the world."
Sherlock got to his feet and placed his magnifying glass in his pant pocket before walking over to the severed head, lying on a meat cutter. "So we have a potential weapon and an act. But what was the motivation?"
"Into battle." Sherlock choked out, blinking his eyes rapidly to hold in the tears and opened the door to a woman wearing laboratory garb.
The pain in his head and shoulder were too much to bear. It felt as if he was crushed with a boulder rather than pushed down to the floor. Johnuin groaned at the fit of detest his back was giving and he slowly blinked his eyes open, trying to register exactly where he was. He skimmed over the brush and at the twigs by his feet. How he got there exactly was a bit blurry but none the less, he wasn't exactly sure what he was doing here.
John shot up from the stool he was perched, taking the hand with a wide smile. "Mr. Lestrade, it is an honest pleasure to meet you, sir. Please." he added, gesturing to the stool opposite.
"I beg your pardon!" John called, his fingers turning abnormally white as he clenched the handle of his cane.
The tall man nodded with a thin smile and John winked at him before fully stepping out of the building and closing the door behind.
When he would bring in stacks of logs with his crew for the fires around the house, Molly would always politely ask if they could carry them up and set them in the fireplaces. Of course, only the rooms that his Lordship would occupy for days on end. His study, the library, and his quarters - which John never had the opportunity to sneak a peak in, as Davis was always the one to deliver them.
One thing John saw, that he couldn't help but keep the smile off of his face, was how kind Lord Holmes actually was. Of course, there were those that earned an eye roll, but for others (and most of them) there was a warm smile and polite 'hello's' and 'thank you's'.
The next moment happened in a blur. Sherlock couldn't even tell who had the first punch, only that in the next second both John and Moran were wrestling on the lunchroom floor.
“Blimey, look at him.” A voice from behind make Jake spin and before him stood a tanned and white haired, brown eyed man with a dopey grin. “You must be the fiancée, Greg Lestrade” the man stuck his hand out in greeting and Jake took it, shaking firmly.
Sherlock closed his chemistry book and packed up all of tomorrow's homework in his book-bag before sliding off the bed and casually proceeding to the kitchen. Upon entering, he spotted Mycroft patiently waiting at the table with the meal already dished out at their respectable place setting. How pedestrian.
Sherlock huffed in annoyance, clearly not in the mood to agree to Mycroft’s wishes, as he rather get his work done to start planning how to get John. “If you wouldn't mind, brother, I have work to do.”
Sherlock carried out a full shop bag of mealworms, small hedgehog sized jumpers, and a little bee bell toy which he spotted instantly and idly placed it in his cart, giving the clerk a blank look when they just stared in question.
Sherlock was too astounded to care what George had even said because John Watson had helped them. John Watson was their only chance of playing Moriarty’s game. His own conductor of light.
The others should be up by now. With that thought, the slow stream of bodies headed toward the shed and Anderson, Davis and Braddock said their morning greetings.
Sherlock tapped his foot impatiently at the crowd in front on him. It was just a bloody party where the prince under the hill was now becoming an
Lestrade laughed while placing the other man's suitcase down at the foot of his new bed and  turned to him, "I'll give you some time to settle in before a house meeting in the dining room on the..." he pulled out his pocket watch from his vest pocket, "thirteenth hour, see you then Mr. Watson."
Without another word, Sherlock climbed out of the car and walked in long strides to the crowded building. John cursed under his breath while he tried to keep up with his companion. He nearly tripped several times on uneven stone but set to right himself straight away. When he managed to reach and forcefully push himself through the closed mass of people, he was stopped by one of the bobbies manning the front entrance.
“Whatcha mean, love? Of course this is a good idea! We're finally engaged and now I have a damn good reason for you to meet my whole family.”
Mycroft. Now do keep your annoying thoughts to yourself” Sherlock scowled, turning in his seat to rest his head against the car window as he counted the street signs between each intersection in his head.
Upon running into the name this time on the front of the paper was a sight to behold and once Sherlock trudged through the room in a black waistcoat and dress pants, long silk robe draped over both shoulders, John had to hold back throwing the paper in his direction. It was an easy enough deduction for the detective to make on his part when the words, "Finally made it on the front cover, did he?", came from his mouth.
Jake booked a reservation at Rosie's favourite restaurant, Angelo’s (if he remembered the name correctly), and had slid a small ring box to her after a piece of cake was placed in front with the question:
It did strike John as odd though, when he really thought about it, how he never met that insufferable violin player from upstairs. Since joining the studio last month, never once did he run into the man or ask after him. Two complete strangers quite content with never acknowledging each other's existence.
Mycroft adjusted his suit and rightened his trousers before producing a small vial and collecting the hair sample. "I will keep in touch bro-"
John’s excitement caught Sherlock off guard, and when his eyes traveled to the pair of shears that now lay in between John's fingers, he bolted up from his seat. “No way are you getting anywhere near me with those!”
“Are you finished?” When there was no reply from the young man, Sherlock nodded and continued, “Third year, legal assistant, mother doesn't approve your choice of career, wanted you to be a chef…”
Mycroft came into the cave after another meeting one night when Sherlock was in his sixteenth year. He looked exhausted and a puff of smoke left his nostrils as he sighed. “Brother mine, we must have a chat.”
John deflated a bit, giving an understanding nod before meeting his superiors eyes once more. "I understand, sir. But please, I must go into town to buy proper working supplies for my men."
John couldn't help the enormous grin that captured his mouth. "Whenever you need me, sir!" He chirped, feeling the giddy and excited energy pulse through his veins.
Johnuin’s eyes shot open and grimaced at the cream stock before turning on his heel and heading out the room.
She giggled, slipping the paper into her apron, "There is no need for all that crossing. I'll see what I can do, alright?"
His foot couldn't stop tapping against the hardwood as his leg shook, and he reflexively reached for his cap, wringing in his hands as if it was drenched in rainwater. Just then the bell above the door chimed and Watson's eyes shot up to be greeted with kind, yet dutiful brown eyes.
The tall, dark and handsome stranger gripped it in acceptance and strode to the floor grabbing the prince’s hand within his own and lowering the other to his waist, “It looked like you needed a reason for escape.”
The remainder of the evening consisted of Sherlock listening to Bach while working on his chemistry homework happily. He didn't even hear the front door open and his brother call his name before being confronted with a tray holding a cup of water and plate of ginger nuts.
“Oh shush it” Rosie laughed, fondness reaching her voice as she lightly slapped his shoulder in fun.
“And be the last one to say hello to little Rosie after the mob has given all of their well wishes? Over my dead body!” The two men chuckled all the while Jake's curiosity sparked - who was this…Greg?
What hit him next was no wind, because that would have been ridiculous, nor was it an object being thrown at him. It was in fact a body. A very tall and lean body that jumped toward him and made him stagger back. After catching himself on the bench that was right behind, John then realized the crushing pressure on his lips and the fluttering of his lashes with the warmth that followed soon after.
John closed his eyes as he attempted to focus his breathing. In the distance the sounds of gunshots and grenades being set off invading his ears.
Sherlock's cheeks copied the shade of red that was present on the blonde’s, “I-I mean you're different” he stuttered.
Hey all! Its been a while since I've written fanfiction and it has killed me inside. Fortunately, I was struck with this idea and had to type it out. I'm still trying to see whether it will be a short series or a continuous one. Its sort of a time piece but I will not be going history-accuracy overload on this one, so apologies in advance if something is wrong or out of place. This is just for fun.
Sorry for a bit of a late upload; currently in the process of getting a cat and having college work on top of that! But alas, here's another chapter! Enjoy!
John on the other hand, managed to also get on his feet, dusting off his coat before looking up to be greeted by those piercing eyes. "I uh...." a clearing of the throat, "Well..you are ....you're beautiful..."
It was those thoughts that followed him into the loo where the other boy sat him down on a bench and started shuffling through his bag.
"Holmes." Sherlock responded, removing his leather gloves and stuffing them in the pockets of his flowing coat.
The woman went to reach for the purplish bruise that was starting to form just under his now scrunched and opened collar, but Sherlock grabbed hold of her wrist, "Please, Mrs. Hudson. That is all I ask."
In the front hall with arms crossed over his chest stood his father, Siger Holmes himself. He wore a frown that looked none too pleased and remained silent until his younger son shut the door behind him.
Sherlock pressed John in a particular direction with his eyes and John followed it without protest. Sitting in the corner of the room was a very well dressed gentleman who was writing furiously in a brown notebook.
The bell chimed above his head as he removed his flat-cap and smiled politely to the grinning woman behind the front counter. "Morning, Mrs. Hudson."
The end of the cane hit a wall and jumped back; handle hitting just below his eye. John called out in pain and pushed back into his seat, delicately patting the injured area. It would most definitely bruise.
John smiled, pressing his cheek into the juncture of Sherlock's neck and planting a light kiss. "Sounds nice."
Jacob took a deep breath at the comment and shut his eyes to say a small prayer for his life. If the parents were one challenge he could only imagine the rest of them. When he had remained silent, Rosie walked over to wrap her arms around him from behind, “Aren't you excited?”
John saw a sparkle in his flat mates eye that he found quite sickening but amusing all the same. With a quick motion, Sherlock retrieved the parcel and pulled at the twine bow holding everything together until an array of paper sheets formed in his hands. He siphoned through them with little care and turned back to Greg.
John had just finished getting up from the ground - hair sticking up, mud caked onto his pants, shoes, and jacket, and an ugly red welt started to form on his cheek - before Sherlock had reached for his wrist and pulled him away. They ran in no particular direction, just feeling the need to get away. To get John away.
"Mycroft, I would say the pleasure is mine to this fine meeting, but I must admit that this is way beyond pleasure more like....
The man turned his head away, avoiding eye contact, "No ones said anything like that before...about my observations that is."
Nerves enveloped him when he realized what he said and how he said it. John cursed his wit and attitude and shut his eyes, hoping his new employer would not fire him on the spot after only his second day.
Yela pushed through the forest, eyes scanning every inch of foliage and small bundle of boulders, while trying to spot either a small head of golden hair or a tiny wooden bow peaking above the tall grass. “Johnuin!” She called, lifting her skirts to avoid being caught on fallen branches while edging her way to Whispering Waters.
The both of them started to become closer, most evenings just spent talking or stealing kisses by the fire, and Sherlock wouldn't dare push for any information on John's past. It was one thing John was grateful for, but at the same time he wanted Sherlock to know. They were lovers - of sorts - he decided, and both should know the worst of each other.
John always tried to avoid scandal, especially living full time with another man. When away from home, he would treat their relationship as that of a very old friend; pats to the back and shoulders, at least two feet apart when talking, and most importantly, he would try - although difficult - to avoid staring at that perfect Cupid's bow and welcoming lips. It worked for the most part, he thought, but something in the back of his mind always pestered him whenever Mycroft would catch them holding eye contact for longer than necessary. It was as if he knew, but never spoke a world.
Mycroft shifted into gear and pulled out onto the road, “Blown your cover?! Sherlock Holmes, you bolted from this car to chase down a boy in torn trousers!
“That must be very challenging,” Molly spoke up and Jake just smiled with a nod, “Especially when you’re working for this one” he tipped his head to his fiancée.
They hungrily pulled at each other's clothing until they were both naked to the waist and John's hands trailed down the soft plane of skin, to the needy bulges between them. Sherlock moaned at the contact as John brushed his hand over him to work on the zip of his trousers. "Shhhh, my love." John whispered, bringing his lips back to the gaping mouth, to silence him.
Nineteen years went by so fast. Looking back, Johnuin didn't regret a second of his childhood. He had a loving and caring mother and an annoying but respectable older sister, he went on adventures through the secret passages littering his home and traveled through their surrounding village. He made friends wherever he went, and had an imagination of gold, what else could he have asked for.
His eyes shot open and was faced with that of an unfamiliar looking soldier. Almost instantly - as if programmed into his brain - John tried to stand as straight as he could and saluted. "I'm ready to head to the front to recover the bodies, sir!"
“Well, your…..” Greg fell short and Sherlock couldn't be bothered to care, instead of taking the time to examine the picture of John Watson stored in his mind palace. “Oh, Christ…” Greg muttered, shuffling beside and causing Sherlock to look up and roll his eyes, “What is it now, Lestra…de….”
It was then when the figure of Lestrade greeted the other man with a bow of his head and called two other footmen to deal with the luggage. John guessed that there were words between the two men and then realized those two figures were walking in his direction. John quickly went back to picking at a few wildflowers that hugged the fronts of his boots, in an attempt to cover up his intrusion.
“So you can get this,” Sherlock waved the book in his hand, “…and this” with the other, Sherlock dug into his trouser pocket and pulled out some notes.
Sherlock ran out of the room in panic and began searching all the rooms, from John's old bedroom upstairs that now became his office, to all the way downstairs in Mrs. Hudson's flat.
Molly giggled, covering her mouth with her other hand as her cheeks blushed a pretty pink. "I will try my best, Mr. Watson-"
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the misspelling and short form of today's society. Could people really be this lazy than to add the proper letters of a word?
Once they had situated themselves inside the cozy but small quarters, Sherlock was able to get a good look around. There was a small area where John had thrown several pillows and sheets into a makeshift bed on the floor. On the other wall, hung a cork board with several sheets tacked on - a red pen circling a few details.
John's head dipped and his hands fiddled with the pocket watch in his vest. "I....I can't.." he took a deep breath, "I can't play in front of others, Sherlock....I just can't..."
“Mycroft mentioned you've been in some trouble at school?” Siger asked, voice lacking any emotion or concern.
Sherlock turned away and pulled at his notepad once again to scribble on it while John remained standing, hands plastered on his hips this time.
A fond grin appeared on the man's face when he reached the table. "I welcome the complement John, however, we have more pressing matters to attend to."
Outside, stood a short and stout man with greying hair and a kind smile plastered on his face. “Thanks, love” the man smiled appreciatively at his husband, maneuvering the paper bag in his hold before raising on his toes to plant a kiss on the taller man's lips. “Is he here?”
The final bell rang and Sherlock, joined by Greg, made their way to the main office. They had just turned the corner when they spotted John exit and Sherlock sped up his footsteps. “John!” he called and was just cast a quick look before John turned the other way and started walking.
Sherlock froze in his spot and then charged at his chair, forcefully grabbing the lapels of his brothers suit and pushing him back into the seat. "You did this to him." He seethed, eyes black from rage. Mycroft had tried to place a hand on Sherlock's wrist to calm, but the result left him sinking into the cushion further.
"I deserved that..." he sighed and stood up, walking over to his phone and pocketing it before facing his transformed husband again. "John, I don't know what do...tell me what to do..." Sherlock felt defeated, useless and his face contorted to sadness, he felt a tear trickle down his cheek and he gently deposited John on the bed before flopping down and sulking into his pillow.
"I can see now why you both take an interest in friendship amongst each other. Your constant ask of the same questions and need of some form of answer to ground yourself is excruciating to watch."
This couldn't be it….could it? John Watson’s house…? But then Sherlock took in the rough look of it, marked out the chipping paint on the front door and the loose hinges on the window doors to realize that this, in fact, was where his doctor-to-be resided.
He sauntered to the back of the room, locating an empty table and taking a seat on one of the plastic chairs. Sherlock closed his eyes and steepled his hands under his chin resorting to his mind palace until it was broken by the sharp sound of the chair across from him being pulled out. Sherlock's eyes snapped open and were met with a pair of black ones.
Around dinner, Sherlock could start to smell the Indian take out that was resting in the oven downstairs. Mycroft must've picked it up on the way home knowing full well of his father's absence. Lifting his nose higher, he could catch a whiff of chicken curry; his favourite. Mycroft was definitely playing kiss ass.
"I've already apologized about Baskerville, do you really think I would do something like that again?"
Moriarty just tisked and shook his head with a fake grin as he made his way to the other desk, just staring at Sherlock with his large black eyes.
The employment agency was a smart looking building. Brickwork done with prestige craftsmanship and a decorated sign that hung above the door. As he walked through the door, he was greeted with the smiling face of the receptionist. "Hello, John."
That was in fact Mycroft's title after the death of their parents. Sherlock hissed, tousling his dark curls in frustration before a small gasp made his neck snap to the source. At the other side of the pool, standing so close to the edge of the water, stood a small boy with golden hair and deep blue eyes. Sherlock’s eyes widened as he noticed the pale light reflecting off the golden strands, making him look almost ethereal.
"I will be your lover, Sherlock Holmes." The name sounding like gold on his tongue, "Because there is no other place on this green Earth that I would rather be, nor any other person I wouldn't mind to spend my waking hours with."
He heard footsteps approach the doorway once again and there Sherlock stood, a questioning expression on his face.
John was startled when he spotted the sleek black automobile just parked right outside the inn. He had only seen these beautiful and amazing pieces of metal from a distance, and never had the opportunity nor reason to step into one. Life hit him when he realized that Mr. Lestrade was heading right for it, John following behind with a worn leather suitcase.
"W-well, my Lord, it helps to turn the soil every spring and if it's fresh and rich, it's beneficial for the plants."
Sherlock, who had now taken to wrapping an apron around his waist and prep a salad, shot a glance at him, “Fine. What does my well being have to do with you?”
Taking a deep breath and risking a glance at his flatmate, John noticed the hint of a smile on the corner of his lips. "Well, it would appear so."
“I've got it under control, sir,” Sherlock muttered, lowering his head as to avoid any looks his father bothered to pass his way.
The two of them passed out without even realizing it, John huddled in a ball on the juncture of his humans neck, while Sherlock still remained sprawled on his husbands chair. Seated on the end table next to the emptied mugs was the detectives phone.
Just watching the two of them play made Sherlock's heart swell and hurt even more, wishing for his husband to be back to normal.
"You've changed, is all. Haven't seen you this content about life since back from the war, John. He's done you wonders."
John was seated in the corner of a small tavern in the outskirts of Lewes. It had only been several hours since his arrival, giving him ample time to rent out a room for the night and have a wash to prepare for the big interview. Taking a swig of his pint, John scanned the room with a nervous eye - butterflies and maggots chewing on his insides. This was way past his first ever interview, being a hard working and decent man in the fields was a skill that was harboured and rewarded to the young Mr. Watson, racking up a total of three references from his previous employment. It was never his employers that sent John away. It was John wanting to move on, wanting to branch out with his talent that caught his eye in the local paper.
Jake eyed the three intimidating men each seated on a chair just looking at him and he tried very hard to hide the shudder that racked his body.  Mycroft was the first one to clear his throat as he pulled out his mobile, “You have a very interesting family Mr. Wesley, will we be seeing them at the wedding?”
Before even realizing what he was doing, Johnuin reached out his arm to the familiar stranger with a grin, “I would love to.”
Moriarty just shook his head with a grim smile. Sherlock noted that the muscle, Moran, was absent from the group and sighed with relief. He would hold his ground this time just like all the others.
(For those who are awaiting a new instalment of 'The Candlelight Prince' do not worry, its still in the works and I plan to update once my writers block and lack of motivation cease.)
He felt betrayed. Betrayed as his body grew numb and his sobs could no longer be contained. He lay there on the dampened floor among broken shards of porcelain and several puddles of tea as his chest shook.
"I think you've had enough of that. You're up anyways." The man went behind John and began pushing him toward the stage.
John's response was a nod and a smile as he walked through the hallway rowed with names on doors of agency workers. A little further down the hall, he stopped dead centre at the one which read 'Stamford: Agent' - knocking twice before entering.
Holmes hummed, eyeing him with narrowed lids before speaking. "An interesting take and such an inspiring speech, Mr. Watson. The flower committee would be glad to have you."
John noticed the door at the top step ajar and he was tempted to just open it but resorted to knocking instead. No answer.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he ran to their bedroom, shuffling through the sheets until they were all nestled in a heap by the door. He rummaged through the dressers simply ignoring the wreck he had caused to his sock index before hearing a small laugh from behind. Kneeling at the side of his bed on the floor, sat John, hand cradling the small golden piece of their bond in his hands before slipping it on and facing his husband with a loving smile.
As Mrs.Hudson rambled on, Sherlock just remained staring at the unfamiliar boy with interest. Who was this John Watson and why had he picked up such a reputation? He was even more eager to find out once the class was excused for lunch.
"Sherlock.." Lestrade muttered in greeting, searching around for the detective that was no where to be seen. "He's normally like that." Greg said with a sigh.
Holmes gave him a sideways look and then his expression turned to a look of knowing. John swallowed hard and took to staring at the floor again, drilling holes in it with his eyes.
Pulling up the gravel road and past the decorative gate was an experience in itself. John couldn't help but keep his eyes glued to the window and the outside world. When they arrived at the roundabout, just out front the house, John's eyes nearly popped. The house was gorgeous. It was lined with beautiful almost cream coloured stone and garnished with several pillars carved out from it. There were widows that adorned the front and the garden that scattered itself around the house was a palette of colours.
“R-right. Well, goodbye boys!” He called over his shoulder while walking away from the table, “and don't forget my money ‘Lockie! I hate to pry!”
It was, however, also the time where John would see a lot more of his Lordship, which he would admit...he didn't mind one bit.
. He thought, eyes narrowing and fingers curling as the man approached the car. He had red hair, neatly gelled back and dawned a well tailored - and quite posh - three piece suit. In his hand rested a long black umbrella that John immediately took in as a weapon.
Just then the sound of rushed footsteps brought all of their attention to their door and Rosie stood with a bright smile and her clutch wrapped in her hands. “All done! You ready?”
"There's a basin in the restroom, clean him up and then we will proceed to the surgery room. I have also taken the opportunity to supply him with clothes once the procedure is finished."
Sherlock muttered curses under his breath before turning to stare daggers back at his annoying brother. Sherlock couldn't possibly cause a scene outside of John's house - lest he blows his cover - so it only agitated him more that stupid Mycroft opened his big fat mouth and shouted his name so the whole street could hear.
“Oh! I know where those are!” Johnuin smiled, running deeper into the forest to return not even three minutes later with a handful of them. Sherlock took them carefully, giving them a sniff until a corner of his mouth lifted in a tiny grin.
Little scraping sounds and screeching cries brought him up from his slumber and Sherlock practically fell off the couch, jumping up while eyes shot to table in their seating room. John was pacing around in a circle, feet tapping the keys of his keyboard as he chattered. The curly haired man wasted no time scooping him up with one hand and then reaching for an open book he 'borrowed' last night. He flipped several pages until a big picture of a cartoon hedgehog wearing baby diapers was smiling brightly. The title said it all.
Without even bothering to turn back to their prey, Jim chuckled and grabbed his two accomplices by the arms, pulling them away, “It's your lucky break again, Holmes. Next time won't be so easy.”
There was a knock on the door and a gentle, "we're ready to administer, Mr. Holmes" before John let out a little squeak and gave his husband a lick on the nose for reassurance.
"I need you to give this to his Lordship." He said, pushing the small parchment into her palm and closing her fingers around it.
Wilkes didn't like the comment, smile faltering slightly before turning his head to nod at someone and physically blocking the other boys' path, “Where ya headed?”
"You are not a monster, John Watson, and you did not hurt me in any way. Now let us get you up and come have a cup of tea with me in the sitting room. We will deal with your belongings later."
John nodded and removed his cap slowly walking up the steps to hear the playing stop for a short moment and then start back up again with a screech. When John managed to reach the top of the steps the door was already open and the man of the hour was positioned at the window, working on a piece of music. Of course the doctor had known better than to bother the detective when he was in one of his
John snorted a laugh and then looked up at him, eyes slightly watered, “You're a right twat too, Cheekbones.”
"Good. Do clean yourself up a bit, the venue we will be attending is dressier than what you have on." Sherlock stopped in the hall and turned back to the doctor, "Ten minutes."
“A little more interesting then murder, don't you think?” John joked, coughing between fits of hiccups.
There was a sigh. "On the phone. Four pips," The man's voice dropped lower as a whisper, "but what could it mean...."
John decided then to take the seat across from him and set the textbook down before walking over and standing at the cue.
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated and I will try to update at least once a week (providing I'm not overrun with homework). If I'm late, my apologies. <3 (and YES, chapters will be longer :P)
Sherlock blinked, speechless, and John's face lit up with a toothy grin. "That was amazing, no police or inspector would ever consult amateurs. And you," he pointed "are anything but."
"You will and you must! You both wanted to involve yourself in this problem, now you must deal with it!"
"I AM NOT A MURDERER!" He yelled and tried lifting himself up, settling his left arm as support before crying out in pain once again.
"John?" She asked, wiping her damp hands on the dish towel tied about her apron, "No, he's upstairs with you is he not?"
"Yes but I need to speak with Mr. Lestrade." John continued down the path, edging closer to the doors. He heard quickly paced footsteps behind, and then paused to turn around with a sigh. "Yes, Anderson?"
Just as Jacob reached the first step, the door flew open and Mr. Holmes himself stood regally at the threshold, hands plastered on his hips.
Greg couldn't help but snort. The amusement was short-lived, however, when Mrs. Hudson ended up giving him a warning look. The class then proceeded as normal, when their teacher began with the usual, "a-one-two-three."
"You would rather have that instead, wouldn't you?" He mumbled, rolling his eyes as John's small tongue darted out of his mouth subconsciously. Sherlock edged himself to one side of the bench, closer to the child. He casually crossed his legs and peered around the park before clearing his throat. The child had just popped a purple grape in his mouth before looking up at him.
Season 4 is just days away, how's everyone faring? Tbh, I'm dying by all this content they have given us these past couple days. Super excited but hey, enjoy another chapter while you wait <3
Sherlock surprisingly finished his lunch that day. It was amazing how John's presence for the mere half-an-hour that they sat in companionable silence, led to him having some form of appetite at all. Was it the fact that John took time to retrieve his lunch or the fact that John's presence alone made him feel secure?
Sherlock pocketed the little packet in his pocket and stood up from his seat, straightening his shirt and walked to the door, "Inform me if anything changes."
Then he felt it. A cool and damp cloth found its way on his forehead and John took a deep breath. "You had a bad dream."
It was already starting to get dark out before Sherlock realized that John was still in bed. Of course John barely got any sleep at the best of times...and of course John would wake up in the middle of the night if he heard any sounds around the flat....but still. Four hours? Who needed four hours of sleep?
"M-my..." John stopped mid sentence in thought. What was he? More importantly, what was Sherlock Holmes? His working companion? Employer? Just the 'flatmate'? He sure as hell wasn't a friend of the consulting detective, that much he knew. But yet it caused John to stutter and contemplate his role in this new scenario. These thoughts were eventually cut off by none other than..
Jacob nervously starting tapping his leg when Rosie reached over from under to table to latch on, tightening her hold for reassurance.
He reached for the glass, mouth suddenly feeling scratchy and dry. Taking a worrying glance up through his lashes, he spotted a slight blush on the cheeks of his colleague. John was about to apologize for being out of line when a response, so quiet - just above a whisper - came from across the table.
Now John only needed fresh dirt, worms, wood and.....John held his breath at the realization. This is the one thing he dreaded - stomach already doing somersaults.
"W-what happened...?" He asked before memory caught up to him and his breath picked up along with his heartbeat, "Oh no...Murray, what happened with Murray?" John went to pull the sheets over his legs and rush out of bed when he felt a steadying pressure on his right arm, keeping him in place.
There was silence over the line. Sherlock's breathing was heavy with rage, all while 'John' was nestling deeper into his knee, trying to find comfort.
He didn't even realize that Mrs. Hudson entered the room until there was a shattering of glass just by the doorway.
Instead of searching his mind palace for a snide remark to dish out and build up his walls once more, there was a clearing of a throat from his left side. And not just any throat clearing…
Just like any doctor would, John talked himself through each action and procedure while tending to Sherlock's injuries. He wrapped his torso up in one of his sheets like a bandage and carefully dabbed the cream on the bruises that riddled his face and chest. The whole endeavor was difficult for Sherlock, fighting off shudders and blushes every time John's eyes roamed his skin with a critical eye.
The stinging in his arm strengthened as he yelped in pain and his eyes began to water. "Damn my leg! Damn my arm! Damn my bloody life!" He cried, giving up and crashing to the floor once again.
Sherlock biked home feeling lighter than ever now that his plan was successful. The first thing he would do would be to let a Lestrade know how it went. Pulling up to his posh looking home, Sherlock discarded his bike on the front lawn and ran to the front door, pulling it open with a large grin until it fell from the figure who now stood before him.
“Is this one taken?” Sherlock pointed to an empty seat, already setting down his paper filled binder and placing his book bag on the floor. The brown haired boy just eyed him before shaking his head and looking out the window.
"Fine.." John mouthed and balanced his weight on his right foot. "Cane." He continued and Mike scooped it up with haste, handing it to his owner.
Sherlock didn't even register the hurt look on Mycroft's face, nor let his brother finish speaking before getting up swiftly from his chair and snatching up his plate. He bolted up the stairs and ran to his room, slamming the door behind him.
“I've sent a call to your parents but you both may leave and run to your last classes. If there's any more of this tom-foolery you will be back here, mark my words. Next time won't be as lenient.”
Johnuin let a huge yawn escape him as he stretched his arms above his head as the last piece of fabric was draped into place. With him all dressed and ready to start the day, Stamford collected the rest of the tailored fabrics and set out to the door. Johnuin anticipated the click of the door behind him, but instead came a friendly, “And a very Happy Birthday to you, your highness.”
John opened the door wider to let her in and carefully grabbed the tray of food, placing in on the chair by his bed. "This is very kind, Molly, thank you."
Sherlock got himself up from the spot beside John's bed and walked to the doorway, nodding back at the doctor.
The dead air was silent, silent enough to hear a pin drop and Jacob for sure thought that this would be the end.
The kettle whistled and Sherlock set to make two cups of tea. “I think I've heard that one before,” Sherlock said, just catching the sad look John sent his way when he placed the two mugs down in front.
Sherlock was ducked down over a body, magnifying glass in hand and eyes scanning rapidly over the decapitated and deformed corpse. John stood in the doorway still feeling out of place as Lestrade brushed passed him. "You might want to remove your jacket, Dr. Watson" he chided and hovered over the enamoured detective.
The boys were seated in a row. Irene and Wilkes must have fled before the arrival of the teachers because they were completely absent from the office.
"Since the dead buds and picked flowers and weeds are just thrown in the forest out back anyway, I was thinking instead we should set up a compost system. That way, we can have richer soil for turning over next spring."
Lestrade leaned further back into his chair, face running over different scenarios as it contorted to his thinking. John tried very hard to hold back a snicker at the man's twisted lip. "Very well."
"Oh please, John, don't give me that look. You're still hungry, once you eat you'll be in a better mood." He grabbed the shopping bag and removed the container of meal worms, popping the top and dangling the wiggly insect in front of his companions snout. John used his front feet to push back and away from the bug, turning his small head in detest. "John." Sherlock chided, bringing the bug closer, "just give it a try, you may like it." But John didn't comply, further attempting to wriggle out of his humans grasp.
Stamford grinned, "Not like John to ignore my texts and bail out on me for a drink without letting me know."
He shook his head of branches and leaves once in the clearing and wasted no time spotting his brother amongst the other upper-class drag with their gold proudly displayed on their persons. He had to go about this situation delicately and carefully. Not only was his life on the line, but also Johnuin. And he wasn't giving up Johnuin just yet. Sherlock dusted off his trousers and ruffled his hair before adjusting the ripped up shirt to the best of his ability and marching over to his brother.
"I wanted to tell you sooner...but of course we were distracted." He flipped the page open and smiled down at it.
John sighed and rolled his eyes at the older man, "Seriously, Mycroft, you think that just because you run the government-"
"Such is true." Sherlock responded and stepped outside into the hallway. "It was a pleasure to meet you Dr. Watson."
His adoring look didn't last too long before Sherlock was pulled from his sights; in order to get on dry clothes and warm up by the fire in his room. So John went to his own quarters, removing his drenched attire to put on a very loose cotton shirt and brown trousers. He wrapped himself in several blankets and then fetched a book from his small collection.
Sherlock was frozen on the spot, mouth agape. John was trying his best to fight back, but Moran had the advantage in both weight and height. It had felt like hours passed of them brawling - Moran clearly having the upper hand by pinning John to the ground and taking a few swings to the head and gut. It was a sight that made Sherlock's stomach turn in disgust as he watched blood dribble from John's nose as the boy tried his hardest to regain control. The sight shook him to his core and he shocked himself when he turned around to deliver a punch directly into the face of the laughing Jim Moriarty. It was his small victory.
Four hours passed exactly before Dr. Monty went into the room to check on his patient. When he remerged, Sherlock had grabbed him from the lapels and pushed him aside, going for the door and over to the bed. There were muffled voices of protest that Sherlock simply ignored while his eyes roamed the dark and his hand reached out for -
Sherlock was steady and surprisingly calm, yet he raised his hands in defeat in order to relax the situation. "John I never said that you are not capable I-"
