So the next morning, though it was unfamiliar, he woke up early in the small twin bed and sat up, stretching. A six foot tall man was definitely not meant to fit in this bed, and Steve wondered why Fury couldn’t have at least made sure there was a queen sized bed in the guest room.
Peter pouted but stood up with a little sigh. “Alright...I’m gonna go to my room for a few minutes.”
Steve didn't reply, but they got into the car together, and Steve started driving to the small town where some shops owned by the neighborhood residents were. Klaus owned a antique store that he'd heard some of their neighbors mention, so they pulled up in front of that store.
“I need to-- my phone. Lost it. Jogging.” Steve wasn’t sure if that made any sense, but he didn’t really care. He needed to go. So he ran out of the kitchen, through the living room, and out the house.
“No. You know what seems ridiculous to me, Peter? The fact that I”m the adult in this conversation, and you’re the child yet you’re arguing with me. What I say is final. I am the adult. I am
"I'm going out. You are already suffocating me to the point of wanting to commit a murder-suicide in this house. So chill out, Captain Bossy. I need space." He disappeared into the hallway, slamming the bedroom door shut.
Tony tried not to focus on how that made him feel. He couldn't get used to this little family. It wasn't going to last. They never did. "I still don't know why you thought you were capable of teaching Cap how to dance."
Steve glanced over to the love seat and hesitated before he walked over and sat down next to Peter, sandwiching him between the two of them.
should be the scared ones,” Klaus replied as Tony shoved Peter out of his tiny little office. They didn’t turn around or give him the satisfaction of them stopping. Maybe a normal person had to be scared of a man like him, but Tony was Iron Man. He also had Spider-Man, Captain America, and SHIELD always prepared to be back-up. Klaus didn’t scare Tony, but Klaus alone with Peter definitely did.
“I wouldn’t be any less proud of him if he did,” Tony said. “How he chooses to dress will never make me love him any less.”
Peter thought it was sweet that he remembered his voice even though that had been months ago. He took a step from behind Tony so he could actually shake Steve’s hand. “It’s fine, Mr. Stark.”
“Edwin bought her for me,” Steve told him, even though that wasn’t the case. Tony seemed just as surprised as Thomas did when hearing that.
Flashbacks of Joseph Rogers, 6’ tall and 200lbs, raising his hand to smack Steve across the face came crashing to his mind. His hand was so big, it was like a punch to the face that threw him to the ground. The worst Steve had ever done was tell him to leave his mother alone, but he was always
"If my son wanted to wear makeup, I would not be embarrassed. I would take him to the store and let him pick out what he wanted. I'd set him up with a professional so he knew what to do and feel comfortable," Steve said matter of factly.
The last thing Peter wanted to do was make Tony feel guilty about protecting him. “No. It’s my fault for pushing. I should respect your feelings and what happened, even if I don’t know the full story.”
Tony pried open an eye to watch Peter go still in Steve's arms again, resting his head on Steve's chest as he carried him, cradled in his arms down the hallway.
They pulled up as far as they could into the woods before the trees became too thick. Then they stumbled out of the car and found themselves in the middle of a party. Steve blinked a few times, overwhelmed by the smell of alcohol and the loud music. He wondered how Peter was able to handle it all, especially while drunk.
Steve brought him his breakfast and told Tony he was quiet. Tony didn't doubt that he was probably nursing a headache, even though his concussion was healing at a much faster rate than any other human.
Harry, of course, voiced his displeasure with Peter, but Peter ignored him. Then he decided to give up trying to stop him and instead stay nearby to make sure he wouldn’t get into trouble.
Welp, thank you for all of your prayers, but I hit a curb on my road test during a parallel park so I failed. I have my next test scheduled for June 15, so let's hope for that second time passing lol
Sorry for the wait! I just moved to a new state last week and started a new job and life has been hectic. I'm hoping that when things settle in more, I'll have more time to write. Not only to keep up with my update schedule but also for my own mental health.
Dream Steve hushed him softly just as he had done for Peter as he tucked him into bed. Then he crawled into the bed beside him, but he didn't come hold him like he was supposed to.
“Don’t worry about it, Cap. It’s no problem.” Tony waved his hand because it really shouldn’t have been a problem. Tony shouldn’t care if Steve was sleeping with someone on the mission. Steve betrayed him. Steve was bad. Steve didn’t matter.
Steve made a plate for Tony as well before he made one for himself. He leaned against the counter, far away from Peter and Tony while he ate his breakfast.
“Fine, I’ll stay away from bad guys as long as necessary. But if you or Captain Rogers ever need help, I can’t promise I’ll keep my word.”
Harry hurried away from Peter to get to his dad’s side. “Sorry,” he whispered to Peter before leaving even though he wasn’t the one that should be apologizing.
“Don’t give up. Tony’s stubborn, but he’s worth fighting for.” Peter smiled up at him smally. “I’ll try talking to him too.”
Tony’s heart softened a little at that. Of course, Peter would use his uncle’s name when given the chance.
Steve woke up before his alarm just like every morning. He wasn’t sure why, but he always made sure that he was up a full minute before the alarm went off so he could swipe it off before it even turned on.
"Oh, well, Captain Rogers hadn't set up his record player yet. We were listening to some of his music, and I asked how they danced to it back then, but he said he
“Peter, we only made the rule for your safety. We let you go places with Harry, but we just ask you to stay away from Klaus.”
Was that wrong of him? Probably...he shouldn't mix his work with pleasure. To Tony, this might just be a show, and Steve couldn't afford having him and then losing him. It would hurt more than anything in the entire world.
“Sexuality isn’t a hereditary trait,” Tony said, standing up as well. “Did you sleep through school?”
There was something different this time though, and it made Steve do a double take. When Tony walked out into the kitchen that morning, he was wearing one of Steve’s t-shirts. It was just a bit too big on him, slipping off one of his shoulders and stopping by his thigh instead of his waist.
After a good ten minutes of May struggling to catch her breath through laughter, she let Tony explain why he was looking the way he did. Then after another hour of explaining the mission, and their new predicament, May drilled him with a million questions.
Tony groaned. "I'll see him later. Even though he's got no reason to be pissed. He scared the shit outta me, and he'd be safer anywhere else."
Tony followed the dot on his phone that was tracking Peter’s exact location. He shoved past drunk people until they found themselves in a more secluded area of the woods. There were two familiar figures sitting at the base of a tree, who were noticeably younger than anyone else at the party.
No one in the neighborhood that Tony had noticed owned a bike, so the sound definitely had him suspicious. He hurried to the front window and peeks through the blinds. He would have been worried about the bike pulling up into the driveway if he didn’t recognize the man riding it.
"I'm not teasing you," Tony said, and his voice sounded genuine. But why else would he be flirting with him while they were both naked if he wasn't teasing him about his virginity?
“I’m 16. I’m old enough to understand what could make you hate him so much if you just told me why!” Peter didn’t want to get into an argument with Tony when they were both forced to stay under the same roof together, but he didn’t want to be treated like a baby either.
At the door, Tony stuck his keys in the lock and swung the door open. “Honey, I’m home!” He called sarcastically.
here. The Peter that was bullied and had no friends and had to pretend to wheeze after one lap wasn't here. It was pathetic.
television. There were even pictures of Tony and Steve together on the walls and fireplace. Peter knew they were edited because Tony would never take a selfie with Steve, kissing his cheek. But they looked so real!
Peter whirled around and knew his eyes were probably the size of saucers when he stared at Captain America himself. Though he wasn’t Captain America now in his khakis and plaid button down shirt. He looked just like any, well, suburban dad. He seemed even bigger in normal everyday clothing than he did in his uniform.
He had never experienced anything like this before, growing up in Brooklyn during the Depression and then waking up to another war. For a moment, he could just walk around the block and have a normal life like the one he always wanted.
Peter pulled a face as he shut the door behind him, throwing his backpack on the large bed. “Why do you gotta make it weird? He’s not gonna try strangling me in my sleep or anything. He’s Captain America.”
Tony groaned as he turned to face Peter, who was sitting in the passenger seat with a shit eating grin on his face. “You think you’re in this? Nope. No way Aunt Hottie says yes, and she can definitely override Fury.”
He ran for over an hour, though he couldn’t keep up with his normal time because he was trying to blend in. He usually would have done close to 30 miles in the time, but that morning he only ran a little over 6.
"And who is Benjamin?" Evalyn asked as if Peter wasn’t standing right there, capable of answering for himself.
Steve’s eyes darted to Peter anxiously. Oh, this was not going to end well. “Ben,” he said with a warning in his voice.
Even when Harry reassured Peter he was safe, he still didn't relax. He was tense throughout the movie until Tony slipped his fingers through his hair and began to scratch his scalp gently.
Tony jumped at the sudden music, and Steve caught him quickly before he fell into the pool. It was a reflex to save him, but it was a second later when Steve realized his hands were holding Tony up by his ass and he was pressing him close to his chest-- and was that-- oh yeah...Tony was definitely just as into this as Steve was.
Steve didn’t come home until later that night. Tony didn’t care. He didn’t. He just hid in the garage and did some work for Stark Industries to avoid thinking about Steve. It didn’t work though. He tormented himself for hours thinking about how Steve cared about Peter, and about how close he had been to kissing the man this morning.
There was a beat of hesitation before Dream Steve kissed the top of his head. "I love you too, sweetheart."
Peter continued to sing, trying to get Tony to dance too. Tony wasn't drunk enough to dance as wildly as the kid was.
"We're married, what's wrong with me being naked?" He was still standing outside of the pool. Why didn't he at least get in the water?
“You saw her. You wanted her. That’s why you’re so quick to jump in her bed the moment that she invites you over when there are plenty of other ways to find out what’s in that basement.” Tony crossed his arms over his chest, and he shouldn't look Steve in the eyes. The argument felt wrong; Tony felt wrong. But he had to be angry at Steve...he just had to be.
“Goo’ mornin’,” Peter grumbled, sleepily leaning his chin on his hand. His eyes were already closed again.
Tony nodded his head, even though they had a dozen other things to do. They should do more research or call Fury or think of a plan. Literally anything else. But Steve almost died yesterday. Tony almost lost him. If they wanted to spend the afternoon watching a movie, they should be allowed to.
Harry followed him as he went over to the large bowl of what looked like fruit punch. From a few feet away, Peter could smell it was obviously more than fruit punch. He grabbed a cup from the stack and filled it up without a pause of hesitation.
Steve and Peter were home and showered. Not that Tony was surprised; it took him a few hours to get the boat set up.
him? When we're on an undercover mission? I've seen the kid high on pain meds before, and he can't keep his mouth shut."
Peter gasped, and his voice was a little louder than normal. His ears were probably still adjusting to the volume change. "You've never heard
And sure enough, when the smell of eggs started to fill the kitchen, Peter shuffled into the kitchen. His hair was wild with curls and his eyes were still closed as he fell to a seat at the kitchen bar. Steve couldn’t help smile at how much it reminded him of Tony.
“F-fuck,” he muttered, crossing his arms. He’d left his jacket at the party. There was no way he was going back in there to get it though.
He never really thought he’d be a family man, but now he couldn’t imagine his life any other way. He’d gladly take the irritation of sleepless nights or the frustration of a screaming child over a wild, angry crowd or battalion of bad guys. He
The three of them had a great time splashing around in the water, even allowing Peter to swim himself a little back and forth about a foot between them. He was pretty good at it. Tony had been a natural too when he was little. He supposed it was in the blood.
Steve did the same. He’d learned his lesson, after all he’d put Tony through, all the mistakes he’d made and suffering he’d caused. It was almost three years ago now, but there were still moments when he found guilt swallowing him, where his eyes stung and a lump formed in his throat, where he couldn’t look Tony in the eyes.
She was definitely looking forward to getting fucked tonight, at the end of all of this, after making him feel good.
It took a lot of effort to quell the anger in his veins every time. One day, he might not have been able to. But for now, he placed his big hands over Tony’s, took a deep breath to calm himself, to pull back the quite justified rage he felt bubbling under the surface. Tony looked up at him expectantly, wide eyed, and Steve couldn’t go against his wishes.
Tony let out a little involuntary gasp at the gesture, at how fluttery and happy it made him feel. Whenever Steve touched him, it was like every inch of him had caught flame, filled him with heat, but a kind heat, like a divine flame. He knew how ridiculous that sounded, and that he was probably just being stupid even thinking it, but he couldn’t help it. God, how was this real? How was he this lucky? How was he lucky enough to have Steve Rogers in his life, in any capacity?
He was staring up at her now, taking in the darkness of her eyes, the possessive spark in them, and how her face was a little flushed, because she was enjoying this too, loved it almost as much as Steve did, and sometimes he was sure he was the luckiest guy in the world.
A few minutes later, they were paying the entrance fee and headed out the back door of the building towards the orchard. There was a small gift shop and bakery inside near the front desk, as well as a sitting area. There was a family or two already enjoying lunch, and two or three people working.
Tony was pouring them drinks when Steve made his appearance, and he smiled softly. “You clean up nice,” he commented, but Steve could hear the little waver in his voice. Was he nervous too, or was he still upset?
He barely had time to whimper out a warning before the dam broke, and pleasure rushed through him like lightning, and he started shooting hot, thick cum down Tony’s throat.
“Where are you going?” Tony asked as Steve walked away, and in the back of his mind he knew it was a stupid question, but his impaired judgment, his stupid delicate frame of mind(when wasn’t his judgment impaired when Steve was in the room?) made him ask it anyway.
Tony smiled, amused. He ear-marked his page, tossed his book to the edge of the blanket, stifled a yawn. “Well take a break. You can fill in your obsessive details later. Come take a nap, Daddy. Who knows how long the kid’ll stay asleep.”
Still, he felt bad about it all, and certainly felt bad about leaving his own jacket behind in his hurry to get out of the party house.
Tony bit his lip to stifle a groan, tried to shift his hips back to get more, but Steve kept control, tightened his grip until it was just barely painful, and Tony stilled beneath him, let out a harsh breath, a little whine.
Tony settled on his side, scoffed a little. He grinned, brushed his toes against the bulge of Steve’s slacks. “I do have two perfectly good hands, and
, please—please—“ He was so goddamn close, started squirming now, driving himself down further onto Steve’s cock, trying to get him to go faster, or harder, or something.
Tony made a little noise in reply. He really hoped Steve was right. His migraines only lasted a few hours usually, but they were so much worse than his long-lasting regular headaches. He hated them, a lot, and wished he could make them go away at whim. He also hated the time he was losing like this, being idle, being
He looked like a stranger. His suit was practically unrecognizable, in disrepair, missing pieces, torn in several spots. His hair—it was so long, longer than Tony had ever seen it, and he had a
“You can’t do that,” Rhodey protested, shaking his head. “That’s a complete invasion of privacy! If Tony doesn’t agree to it, you’re subjecting him and his baby to a media shitstorm that none of us are prepared for. This isn’t exactly a small story—it’s world-breaking news. I won’t let you do that.”
Steve looked him over. He took in the crease of Tony’s brow, the bags under his eyes, and how they were still a little puffy from the tears he’d shed earlier. His lips were turned in a frown, and he looked miserable. Steve didn’t think words would comfort Tony right now. They had barely done the job in the shower earlier, just did enough to give the brunet the strength to face dinner.
Steve let out a little sigh, and his eyes slowly fluttered open, coaxed out of sleep by Tony’s voice, by his warm scent. The blue in them was as dreamy as ever, and Tony felt contentment surge in his heart as the Alpha’s gaze settled on him.
Steve didn’t trust himself to speak for a moment, and instead drew back, and brought the palm of his hand against Tony’s ass with an audible
Most importantly, they’d lost the Quinjet. Without Tony here, there was no way they’d be able to get it back in working order. Hell, even
The soldier made no protest being fed a bite. He savored it, considered it a moment, and seemed satisfied with his hard work, nodded a little to himself.
Tony knew what he was getting at, could see the request in his eyes. Steve’s libido had always been hard to keep up with, and now that he was happy and basking in the glow of their newlywed status, it seemed to only have intensified.
Steve smiled a little, entertained by Tony’s insistence today. Sometimes Tony got too mouthy, and could be abrasive, sometimes downright hurtful, especially in a real argument, but when they were just being playful like now, he loved it.
“Tony,” Steve hissed, for what seemed like the thousandth time tonight. He was started to get truly embarrassed now, after the last guest was sent packing with their proverbial tail between their legs. Steve thanked his lucky stars that Tony’s parents were preoccupied on the other side of the estate, or else things could have turned ugly for Tony pretty quick.
. He was spouting off one quip after another, with plenty of invasive questions and swear words to fill a book. Most of the party guests were giving him a wide berth, and the few that braved a conversation with Tony left feeling humiliated or scandalized. Tony’d had a bit to drink too. Not enough to be drunk, but enough that his shoulders had dropped casually, and that he didn’t seem to want to even
Steve wasn’t an idiot. He knew what the question meant, what Tony was asking him. Could Steve lie to him? Could be pretend, for propriety’s sake, that his feelings didn’t exist, that he didn’t see Tony as anything more than a friend? Or could he tell the truth? Could he let himself fall to this, let himself have this like he so desperately wanted, the world be damned? Could he risk it?
“Just tell them Captain America had urgent business for you,” Steve said. “If any of them have a problem with it, they can take it up with me.”
He fucked his slowly growing knot into his partner, whined and huffed at the slowly increasing drag, the resistance. His knot always got so big, and stayed inflated for a long time, and damn did he have so much
The brunet finally managed to regain control of his limbs and slowly turned over, rested his head on Steve’s shoulder, ignorant of the mess between them, and swung a leg over Steve’s. “I’m so fucking good,” he said, the words slow and drawn out.
“You did,” Tony said against his lips, gave him a soft kiss. “And it was real nice, but I want you in me, baby. You know how much I love it.”
Tony was silent as long as he managed, but Steve didn’t accept that, alternated between tongue fucking him and teasing him, even dipped his head to run the flat of his tongue against the brunet’s balls and the base of his shaft, and that was when his boyfriend truly lost it.
to take it, to take all Steve gave him. Steve had a lot to give in any form, and the knowledge that Tony was the only one allowed to take it, to kiss, and touch and feel him filled him with pride every time, made him want to wear every mark and scratch and bruise he’d end up with by the end of this like a badge of honor.
Rhodey let out a sigh, expression pained. He glanced at Pepper, who was discreetly wiping tears from her eyes.
The brunet wasn’t sure how long he’d been sitting there, trying to get a handle on himself, watching the water flow in and out of the bay when Steve finally appeared. He felt physically weighed down by his emotions, by misery, and it wasn’t the first time in his life. He was quite familiar with this brand of pain, of self hatred, and was loathe to experience it again. He didn’t have a choice though. He never did.
The tears started falling before he could stop them. He brushed them away angrily on the cuffs of his sleeves. He hated crying, yet he seemed to do it so often. If his father were still alive, he would’ve yelled at him for it.
Tony hadn’t stayed at his father’s Italian villa in years, not since he’d been in his twenties, but it seemed like the perfect place to get away with his family. It needed a bit of cleaning up and dusting off before he got there, which cost a pretty penny, but it was well worth it. It had a private stretch of beach, a nearby coastal town with an amazing market, a big citrus garden, and a pretty good pool too, not to mention a great view.
Sam wasn’t convinced that was the best way to go. “Steve, it’ll take at least a week to get there, assuming we won’t get caught. Are you sure you can afford to wait that long to call?
Tony pushed back immediately, tried to get Steve to touch him properly. “Fuck me,” he said. “Fuck me
Tony couldn’t help but let out a growl at that, his voice raised a fraction higher. “Will it, Steve? It’ll be okay? Like everything has been so peachy keen the last few months?”
him protect him from this. There were too many bruises, too many wounding words spoken in the past that dragged Tony down. Steve offered kind ones in turn, always reminded Tony of who he truly was, despite his father’s thoughts, but he wished he could offer so much more. He wanted to take Tony, to hide him from the world, to keep him safe and entirely happy, to shield him from any pain.
“10 minutes!” Tony agreed, scooping his flowers off of the counter again and heading to the kitchen to find a vase for them.
“You’ve been waiting so long for it, huh? When was the last time I fucked you?” she wondered, shifted a little on his lap, pressing against his groin.
He’d done it before, for him. It wasn’t something that happened too often, only when Tony was in a certain frame of mind. After years of violence and danger, it may have seemed insane to some that Tony could enjoy something like that, but when it was
“Exactly. But now, I’m different, and I-I’m trying my best. I’m trying to keep it all together. None of this is how I imagined it would be, and— it’s really fucking overwhelming. I just…it’s like I’m locked in the trunk of a self driving car that’s trying to launch itself into a lake. Every day things slip a little more out of my control, get a little crazier, and it’s fucking scary, and it makes me angry. I just…I just wanted to keep a hand on the wheel, just a little longer,” he said.
Steve gave Tony an encouraging smile, and headed to the door, while Tony stood in silence and tried not to let the miserable feeling spreading in his chest show on his face. Steve was out the door before he knew it.
Tony nodded a little, his eyes roaming over Steve’s face fondly, drinking in every detail, committing the scene to memory. “It’s enough for me too,” he replied. “I’ll take it, take everything I can get.”
It’d been an hour or so since his first phone call, and the preceding texts. It’d been an hour and a half since he’d first texted Steve, and gotten no response.
His voice was wavering, and he could feel the fear, the revulsion filling him up again, like it’d had when he ran out of the house and down two blocks to find this phone booth. Or maybe it was just the vodka coming back up.
! Even if we’re not together, it’s—it’s fucking embarrassing! You have no idea what I’ve been going through, how much I’m suffering, and now you come into my house
That much was true. Steve brushed a hand through his hair, shook out his bangs, and set his things down. “You could use a nap yourself,” the blond pointed out, watching Tony rub his eyes.
He didn’t stop to look up, to look into Tony’s eyes, because he wasn’t sure he could handle it. He couldn’t handle whatever judgment, whatever disdain was surely present in them now, like there had been upon their last meeting, when Steve had ruined it all. He kept talking.
He had FRIDAY encode his copy of the algorithm, the accurate copy. He had her encode all recent footage and data, buried the files deep in his system, so they wouldn’t be found. If the UN tried to search his files, he’d refuse them of course, but if they came back with a search warrant, he didn’t want to hand them anything on a silver platter.
Tony hardly tried to stifle his giggle. Steve couldn’t see his face like this, but he didn’t need to for him to know there was a smug, delighted little grin on those plush lips.
Although they doubted the UN was keeping tabs on Wakandan servers (T’challa’s father had been the most ardent supporter for the Accords in the first place) it was better to be safe than sorry. Apparently T’challa hadn’t been spared meetings and visits and questions over the last few months either, so their caution wasn’t unfounded.
His eyes took in every detail of Steve’s face, familiar and enamoring, filled with hesitation, with sadness, as Tony’s own was, and decided the war was over. They were here, they were together, and things were
the jet can be repaired, the UN will take it apart and look for anything and everything. And furthermore, the goddamn
Steve’s eyes fluttered under his gentle touch, at the goosebumps it left behind. He was warm, maybe a little too warm, no doubt from the sunburn he’d earned, but the warmth of Tony’s body against his was still welcome, still enticing. The bed was extraordinarily soft, and Steve had felt his share of soft beds in his time with Tony, so that was saying something. It made him feel that much more relaxed, loose and easy, without the troubles that normally plagued his mind, his heart. He only felt like this with Tony, so content, so un-bothered. It was a miracle, honestly, that either of them could forget the world around them at any point in time, but they’d managed well enough the last few weeks.
It took Tony longer to fall asleep. He couldn’t help but think about the recent events, about the future too. He couldn’t help but think about the vision he’d been given, how broken and weak Steve was, how hurt he sounded, asking Tony why he hadn’t done more to save them all. He never wanted to relive it, and never wanted to see it come to fruition.
How to answer that? He’d thought about it all, of course, since he woke up, but not much in detail. He’d been much more eager to ignore it all, to let Steve’s company occupy his attention.
He missed his daily hugs. He missed snuggling up next to Rhodey on the couch. He missed being able to joke with him, feeling comfortable around each other. He missed the ease of their friendship, the reprieve it offered him from his stress, from the burden of his sickness. Tony had another round of nightmares the other night too, which was really the culprit in softening his grudge.
“Me too,” the brunet said finally. “It…none of that should’ve happened. We should have been smarter,” he said. “But we weren’t. We made a lot of mistakes, and some of them still fuck me up, and you too, apparently. But it’s in the past, sweetheart. The important thing is that we don’t fuck it up again.”
Steve’s face was tired, but somewhat sympathetic.  His hair was disheveled, and he still had a little bruise on his cheek from the fight earlier. The sight filled Tony with that much more guilt, even in the lowlight of the moon peaking through the blinds. He averted his gaze.
“You ready for me?” Tony said softly, his touch feather-light around the soldier’s shaft. He let his hand slide up, thumbed at the slit, already a little damp, sticky with pre-cum.
“So good,” Steve agreed, shifting just a little and starting his rhythm up all over again. He pressed a wet, open-mouthed kiss to Tony’s neck, felt his pulse, heightened. “Such a good boy, taking my cock so well, doing so, so—
“It’s okay,” the nurse assured him, bracing his shoulder. His hands dropped to his sides, his arms exhausted, but his fingers twitched, itching to hold his child again.
The Alpha didn’t even have words for how the sight made him feel. Sometimes, looking at the two of them, his heart felt so full he thought it would burst. The life he had now, a family life, was one he never knew he wanted, or needed, but one he couldn’t imagine himself without anymore. He loved Steve and Peter more than anything in the world.
“Was the change of scenery good?” Steve knew damn well it was, because Tony’s normally serious, somewhat irritated expression was softened, a little happier. He was definitely more relaxed than when they left the house this morning. Steve hoped that their excursion would be enough to get his mind back on track, to help get those creative juices flowing again. He was sure it was, but had to ask anyways.
The blond thought a bucket of fresh apples and baked goods would do them both good too. The weather was getting colder, and winter would be here soon, and Steve had a few recipes he wanted to try out, wanted to perfect before the weather got too cold to go out and do things.
true. He was the most earnest guy Tony had ever met, was always honest and kind, and saw Tony for what he was, for who he was. God, he loved the man.
“Uh—“ was all he managed, stuck in a feedback loop that ran from Tony’s rain-drenched curls to his gorgeous eyes and his mouth and back around.
“Shh, shh, shh,” he soothed. “I know, honey, I know.” The Alpha rocked him gently, took his tiny hand in his own.
Tony was having a hard time formulating a response. His mind was racing a mile a minute, stacking scenarios and worst outcomes quicker than he could keep up with. There were about four seconds of silence before his voice worked again. He ended up letting out a cross between a laugh and a sob, and it was like flipping a light switch.
He wanted it. He wanted it so bad that there were tears in his eyes, and he didn’t care how loud he was, how much of a whore he sounded like. He needed it, and begged Steve to give it to him. Oh god, he was so close. He was
“Okay,” Steve repeated, his pulse slowing again, but Tony looked scared, staring back at him through the doorway, and Steve was trapped in a nightmare again with screeching pain rising in his chest and all he had wanted ever was to reach out and now-
He paused, struggling to find the right words. “I do still think there’s a serious risk that the Accords will interfere with our work. We have to be able to go where we’re needed. But I can see now why it might be better to stay on the team, regardless. And if I can do the most good as an Avenger, then that’s where I need to be.”
“I just… I really hate hospitals,” Steve covered hastily, feeling the hot rash of humiliation sear his cheeks; he clenched a fist by his side, unseen. “Could you just- Would you mind staying a bit longer?”
It was nothing Tony hadn’t thought before, so he was able to ignore the initial sting, accepting the real hurt would come later.
Dazed, Steve pressed the mask back over his face, taking a quick breath of stale air. “Okay,” he said. “Okay, Tony. I believe you.”
“Until I saw how badly he was treating you,” Steve countered, all in a rush. “Tony, I know you said those videos were your idea, but-”
“Keep it contained,” Tony ordered quietly, letting Friday relay the message to the others. He was savagely aware that the whole situation was still being broadcast live on TV, that if his actions now triggered mass panic that this would be only the beginning of unspeakable disaster.
“Wait, New York?” Barton interrupted him, a dangerous edge to his voice. “You’re saying your cult is based in
In October, Tony nods. He flies Steve there himself, follows him off the jet. Steve goes to climb and Tony goes to follow. Steve stops. Tony stops. It’s enough. Tony takes Steve’s hand and leads him home. Back by the sea, Steve asks. What if. Tony says he doesn’t know. Steve swims, trains, stays ready. Sam comes to stay. They go to the local VA. A hurt, angry man laughs hard at Captain America. Steve doesn’t go back. Sam finds him a kind face to talk to. Steve lies.
“Figures.” Then Barnes grinned, and Tony couldn’t help but return a smile. This was not nearly as awkward as he’d feared.
Steve clenched his fist and struck the waist-high wall before him, accidentally cracking a few bricks. Dammit, but Stark was
“It’s something like a mess hall,” Rhodey confirmed. “We’re free to use it between scheduled meals.”
Tears filled Steve’s eyes at the price Tony was paying. The sacrifice he was making for Steve’s sake. “If you want to go, Tony, you should go. Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine.”
Steve was still visibly shaken, so Tony took point on the questioning. “Okay, Marowak, you’ve been here a minute or ten, so tell us, what is this place?” Red Skull shrugged, his attention still focused on Steve, and only then did Tony notice his feet didn’t touch the ground. In fact, he wasn’t sure the guy had feet at all, which had to be the creepy cherry on the day’s cupcake of creeps.
He sat and Rhodey brought him soup and he could not remember the last time he’d had soup but it was good soup and gone all too soon. Rhodey was eating soup and bread. Worried the terrible hunger would return, Tony reached for the bread but Rhodey grabbed his wrist. “I know it’s boring but try and let the soup settle first, Tones.”
“Nah. Worked up a sweat with the logs, wanted to cool off,” Steve explained, his words casual despite his current state of being a person that space sharks could eat without any warning or effort.
His best friend shook his head, grabbed Tony into a crushing hug. “You’re the worst liar,” he choked out. “I would stay, you know.”
“Only the boring part, brother,” she sniffed. The Princess had earned her disdain, in Tony’s opinion. Just as Stark Industries’ role had come second to Wakanda’s in manufacturing the satellites, Tony had found himself relegated to assisting Shuri with the overall design. Playing second fiddle to a genius teenager was a situation he was perfectly calm and happy about, despite popular expectation. Rhodey had laughed until he cried. Something about karma.
“Uh, the twist fracture from yesterday? Like I said, it was a bad one, took me three hours just to set the bone.”
“Right doesn’t mean not-stupid,” the billionaire snapped, then gritted his teeth, not wanting to literally order the super-soldier back to shore but too uneasy to stand around waiting either. “Ugh whatever, you do you, but Bruce wants water so…” He let his words trail off as he grabbed one of the empty containers and dipped it into the water, forcing out the air bubbles. The suit made the job easy, even on his own, and he hoisted the full container out of the river without any difficulty. He grabbed the second and dunked it too in the water, but as he picked it up, the container was propelled from below by Steve. Staggering back under the unexpected momentum, Tony swung the container safely to one side and turned back to find an annoyed Steve dripping on his rock.
Tony. Stretched out on the bed, arms gesturing widely as he argued with the ceiling, “…which meant that when we were drafting the New Accords we could actually draw on the three laws as inspiration -” He too looked up. Saw. Stood.
May didn’t falter. “Still in surgery,” she said. “It’s been five hours. But they say it’s going well.”
Instead he took a deep, cleansing breath, then another, feeling the sweet truth settle into him, head to toe. It was done. Steve was beaming at him, radiating pride and love and joy. It was over.
Steve studied the other man, still hoping for a sign he was wrong, but in his heart he felt the truth, could trace its awful shape down through his memories of the past two years, in the way Tony was trying to hide his face, even now. He knew he had no right to the answer, but Steve had to ask. “He hurts you?”
“Third cup gives you jitters,” the super-soldier reminded him, then frowned down at his outstretched hand.
“Flattering as the idea is to my ego,” Tony said gently, “no, Steve, I don’t think that would work. But you don’t need to rush to find your answers. The question’s not going anywhere. You have time.”
“You led him to the Soul Stone,” Steve said, Captain’s voice forcibly level. “Can you show us where it was kept?”
“Oh no, they were complete idiots,” Tony said, and Rocket scoffed to hide a smile. “But we almost had Thanos beat.” Tony’s gaze flicked over to Nebula who stared back at him, a defensive hunch to her shoulders. “Next time. We’ll end him.”
At the funeral, Steve had tried to imagine what he would have done if he had been there for her, right to the end. He tried to imagine how he would have said goodbye, but he just felt sick at all the words he still had left to say to her. All the questions he’d wanted to ask her, that now he never could. When they’d finally met again, here in this strange future, Peggy had been far more a stranger than she’d been the person he’d once hoped to marry. After that reality had sunk in, he’d enjoyed getting to know her, but the sad truth was that the woman who’d loved him had long since gone somewhere he couldn’t reach. Steve would have been of no more use to Peggy in presence than he had been in his long years of absence. She wouldn’t have missed him.
“Tony,” Steve sighed, tense with concern; then he winced internally, because they weren’t on a first name basis.
“Together,” Steve reminded him with a smirk. Smartass. “Plus I got some breathers from Rocket, just in case.”
They had argued the options back and forth, but all had eventually agreed that going back in time to confront Thanos too early would be a mistake; two functional Gauntlets pitted against each other could annihilate the Earth in the blink of an eye. No, they had to target the moment after Thanos snapped his fingers, the moment after his Gauntlet cracked into a smoking, tenuous mess, but just before the Titan stepped through a portal and left the living half of the universe to their ruin. In that moment, when Thanos was distracted with victory, their fully working Gauntlet should surprise the Titan, should let its wielder take him out without any collateral damage. Only then would they proceed to undo the Devastation, hopefully intervening before all the doomed souls vanished, then bringing back whoever had already been lost.
He seemed to accept the excuse. “I was watching you,” he said, voice dropping low, husky. “You look so good on TV, babe.”
“From that very first day in Hawaii,” Ty said, cruel and smug. “Two years ago exactly, which makes this our anniversary, I suppose.” He laughed. “Kudos where it’s due for all that noble suffering. You lasted so much longer than I expected.”
“You’ve been in and out for the past few hours,” Helen told him, gently pressing a full oxygen mask over his face. She waited until his coughing fully eased, then pressed her gloved hands across his chest briefly, just above his surgical dressings. “Any pain here?” When he shook his head, she smiled. “Good. So, Steve, I have good news and bad news for you. The bad news is that a couple of the medications you were on, specifically the painkillers, were making it very difficult for you to breathe. The extra stress on your lungs was then aggravating your other injuries which in turn made your breathing worse. Dr Palmer and I had to get a bit creative to try and break the loop.”
There is no one to feel the shattering of his heart when he somehow takes a wrong turn and glimpses him from afar through a window, warm and vibrant and
Tony ignored her. He watched the call ring through and end, watched Happy’s name drop from his screen.
The super-soldier sat and started assembling a sandwich. In his hasty preparations, Tony hadn’t had time to do much beyond grab the basics, but he’d made sure to pack enough to satisfy even Steve’s enhanced appetite. He soon discovered to his horror that building a well-balanced sandwich was evidently not included in basic Army training; Steve was apparently satisfied with slapping plain cheese onto dry bread and cramming the result into his mouth. It was, frankly, an outrage. After Tony’s intervention on the sandwich front, Steve volunteered to brew some tea. (“So what, like, you carry around a hot plate for emergencies?” Tony asked, confused. “There’s this thing called ‘fire’, Tony,” Steve said, then laughed for three entire minutes. Tony counted.)
The gem Strange had sworn to protect. The gem he’d given up in exchange for Tony’s life. No other way. Tony shuddered. “Yeah.”
T’Challa had stepped up to calm the crowd as Shuri discreetly turned her back, pulling up data projections on her wrist display that she studied with laser intent.
“What the fuck, what the fuck…” the billionaire was muttering to himself, but the Captain had already commanded Steve to move forward towards the structure; even in his shock, Tony was quick enough to keep pace at Steve’s side.
, because the following meal was almost pleasant, right up until it wasn’t. Steve truly hadn’t meant to bring up Stark’s lateness, but once he did, Stark threw him a glare. The conversation went downhill from there, the other man’s barbed comments causing Steve’s own irritation to boil over, the Doctor looking between them both with unruffled curiosity.
“You check in with us, ask us about our problems,” Sam said, “but you won’t breathe a word about your own. It’s all negativity in, positivity out.”
Instead, Nat was grinning at him from a nearby armchair. “You looked like you were about to nap,” she said.
By the time the shaking had eased to the odd tremor, he was able to hear the words Tony had been repeating quietly in his ear. “Easy, Steve, I’ve got you. Just talk to me, please. Tell me what you need.”
The sweetness of the gesture sent a bright feeling rising up through Steve, an effervescent wonder bursting and settling over him all at once.
“I am not the first soul doomed to linger here as punishment for an unworthy life,” the faceless man began. “There have been many others such as me, throughout the years. All have perished, alone and unmourned. When I arrived here, I was given memories of all previous sacrifices, so that I may understand my terrible duty. Would it surprise you to know that never before has a sacrifice died willingly?”
“Oh no, no,” Thor said hastily, “different threat entirely, mostly my sister actually, uh, it’s a long story. Um. Banner wishes to speak now.”
That second kiss - the one he’d stolen - had been so unholy hot that he’d nearly overlooked the first, specifically the part where
Relief flooded Tony, kept him buoyant through the introductions. “Ty, you’ve met Natasha, this is Bruce Banner. Bruce, this is my fiancé, Tiberius Stone.”
“We’re going to go back,” the other man told him. “You are going to sign the Accords, and we’re going to be a team. But you will never, ever, touch me again.”
and flew off alone to find Thanos, Tony had been moody for days. He missed her, Steve thought afterward. She’d been there, on Titan, an impartial witness to the wizard’s words. Now Tony had just himself. A week ago, he’d broken down. Shattered a chair against the wall after yet another setback. Bruce had called Steve, and he’d let the billionaire pour forth his secret doubts, his lack of faith that he could do this impossible thing, his terror of failing after all.
He felt May Parker’s arm wrap across his shoulders. “Tony is staying here,” she said; she sounded pretty sure, so Tony believed her.
Bucky. Sitting slouched on the floor, relaxed; then standing, eyes narrowing, concern like a hunger.
Steve is used to the cold by now, enough so that the first flakes of snow outside barely registers. The knocking on the door, however, is something worth noticing.
Tony nodded again and scrambled to his feet. Steve followed, uneasy at there being even a slight distance between them, yet once they were both standing, he found himself hesitating, unsure of what the next appropriate contact would be.
Steve was seized by a huge, hitching breath, and it was only then that he realized his own face felt wet.
Tony took a slow breath and focused his attention on the Gauntlet. The inset Stones were intact, Eitri’s magical technology preserved; it seemed only the extraneous metal had expanded, thinning slightly to accommodate their linked hands. “Did you change it or did I?” Tony asked. “Or both, or neither?”
Pepper eyed him, her gaze somehow both sympathetic and merciless; Steve bit back a sudden rising panic, uncertain of its origin. Wrong.
After the airport fight, Steve had been worried that he may have strained their friendship beyond reason. When Tony had showed up in Siberia, for Steve’s sake breaking the very rules he’d been arguing for… It had felt good in a way Steve hadn’t expected. Significant in a way he couldn’t quite pinpoint. With both Tony and Bucky by his side, Steve had felt ready to take on the world-
“And I’m not sorry,” he said, because she deserved his honesty, had always insisted on it when it came to their relationship, and he’d never thought twice in New York, had never really regretted going to Titan even if it meant never coming back. Not for himself, at least.
“Fuck language,” Steve said, but the nickname had summoned its namesake’s cold judgment and so he sat up, moved away reluctantly but of his own volition, and looked around for Nebula. The android was standing a distance away, her back turned discreetly. “We need to get back to Titan-”
“Hi,” May echoed, studying his face. Then she backed off, busying herself with an I.V. drip beside the… hospital bed?
Something in his face made Tony stop and give him a searching look; Steve made himself smile. “That’s great, Tony. Really great.”
“Fight it, Steve,” Tony said urgently, his face suddenly close, pure panic in his eyes. “Please. You have to resist, you have to… you gotta keep fighting, okay? When Strange comes back, he’s going to help you. Trust me, there’s a whole plan in the works, I promise we are going to save you. I just need you to hold on a little longer, all right?”
The Soul Stone looked sad; seeing sorrow on Peggy’s face wrenched open countless old wounds. He’d loved her so much. “I do,” she said.
The super-soldier hadn’t actually planned to offer. Not in public. Steve studied him. “Is that what you want?”
And for the first time since he blew up his life and went on the run, Steve was totally alone. It should have been nice, he knew. Peaceful.
The shame would have sent him reeling, but Steve pulled him close; Tony was unable to resist burying his face against the other man’s comforting bulk, all the while wishing he could fly away, or disappear.
Therefore he was just standing and watching when the next racking spasm of grief passed over Steve, who just bowed his head and made the world’s saddest whimper. Then he raked violent fingers along his face and began to weep in short, explosive gasps; Tony felt the universe tilt sideways, and then he was kneeling in front of Steve and pulling his hands away to where they could do no more damage, and Steve was looking, staring, reaching. “T-Tony?”
“Please, Steve,” Tony begged, and there were tears blurring his vision. “We just need a little more time, that’s all. Please give us more time.”
By the quizzical expression on Strange’s face, at least the archer hadn’t managed to offend their new and very necessary ally. “Anyway,” the wizard said drily, “I was about to agree with you, Stark. The other Stones are too dangerous to be kept on Earth long-term. Infinite power poses too great a temptation for the uninitiated. From my own study of the Time Stone, I believe the gems themselves serve no inherent purpose. Destroying them would simply render their powers inaccessible to anyone upon this plane of existence. Their destruction couldn’t affect the cosmic forces to which they connect anymore than smashing your phone could take down the Internet.”
It was the one act he couldn’t explain. That almost felt fake, like it had happened to someone else. Steve had been desperate before, had made stupid impulsive decisions before. But the kiss… It just didn’t make
And so, when he made himself pull back and look Steve over, he couldn’t resist leaning in and brushing his lips against Steve’s. The other man inhaled sharply, as if surprised, but he instantly returned the kiss, softly at first, then deepening to a desperate tenderness, full of fierce promise. Tony soon pulled back again, needing to see Steve again, wanting to cradle his face in his hands and study every inch of him, just as he had in death. But now he pressed kisses wherever he found signs of life; Steve closed his eyes contentedly under the attention, humming slightly.
Stark stepped back, dark eyes stunned wide, but for once Steve pushed his advantage, stepping forward so Stark was forced to keep retreating. “Was it just too much fun for you to resist, giving him all these responsibilities he’s not ready to handle, then vanishing for months so whenever you bothered to come back you knew he’d be grateful for the tiniest scraps of your attention? But hey, that’s the trademark Tony Stark experience, right? Like that’s your
Fate-tempting jokes aside, Tony was right. Steve’s unspent energy was still crackling throughout his body; in battle, his senses always upped a gear, deepening the world beyond vision and touch and hearing to something operatic and harmonious. It was like there was a constant dance of poetic existence all around him, a deeper reality that he could only access in small doses without bursting, but the beauty he found there somehow provided a path he could follow all the way home. It was how art made him feel, at its best. During a fight, it’s what kept him alive.
Impossible as it should have been, Steve was getting a headache. He just wished he could talk to Peggy. Ask her about Tony. About what a kiss like that could mean. She was brave. She liked answers. Not like Steve, always getting stuck on the questions.
And Steve is again there to catch him, is there to ease him to the floor and hold him close as Tony shatters under the weight of grief too long deferred.
Captain Steve Rogers groans as consciousness returns. His body is so depleted that lying on the floor feels oddly appropriate. Almost pleasant. Yet as awareness floods back, it brings a burst of unwelcome clarity.
Steve snorted softly, which elicited an odd sensation from his numbed ribs. “Jeez, you fall out of bed
?” Tony heard Bruce exclaim loudly behind him, and the next thing he knew, the scientist was squeezing him tight. “Tony! Nat just told me! You’re getting married?”
After a moment, Shuri cleared her throat, then looked up at them. “Just to summarize, when you arrived you had two known Earth infections, five unknown alien ones, nine broken ribs, a fractured wrist, a shattered arm, a cracked pelvis, full-body bruising, and significant damage to most muscles and ligaments. Also when you got impaled, you ruptured five internal organs, any one of which would have killed you except you were held together by nanobots long enough for your body to begin healing around them. But that meant they then had to be individually extracted and the organs hand-repaired before I could even begin the accelerated healing process.”
No, if money could buy it, if he could build it, if there was something, anything on this planet or beyond that would help Steve Rogers live happy and healthy and safe… There was no other way he would let this end.
Nerves still jangling, Steve swallowed once, hard. He then raised his chin and followed Bucky towards the plane. As they approached the others, Steve spotted Zemo further into the Prince’s ship, safely restrained with some fancy-looking tech covering his mouth and ears. Steve struggled to maintain his usual professional calm as they reached T’Challa, the Prince nodding a serene greeting to them both.
“Partially,” Steve admitted; the other man dissolved once more into giggles that Steve had to work hard not to enjoy.
Tony tried not to take it personally, and mostly succeeded. If anything, being doubted provoked his brain to sharpen up, just to be contrary. “Trust me, I know I’ve been off,” he replied, and truly met Steve’s gaze for the first time since Thanos’ death had scattered their hopes beyond recovery. “I’m so fucked up right now, Steve, I don’t know how I’m still breathing,” he confessed, then tilted his head towards Nebula. “But she was there for me, on Titan. I want to be there for her now. And… I don’t think she’ll accept help from anyone else. So it has to be me. But I can do this, Steve. I promise you. I can do this much.”
Steve rubbed his back, slipped his hand under the brunet’s shirt. He dragged his hand up and down Tony’s skin soothingly. “Is that a good hmm or bad hmm?” he prodded.
Rhodey put a full plate of food in front of him, and a bottle of maple syrup too. “Eat up,” he said, and turned to the fridge, to get him something to drink.
It took Steve all of two seconds to figure out the problem, as he dropped his latest apple in the basket. He did his best to hide how entertaining it was. Tony looked disgruntled, which wasn’t out of the ordinary, but the sight was also endearing.
Thankfully, Steve didn’t deny him. He didn’t belittle him or push him away, or anything like that. He held him tight, held him close, rubbed his back soothingly.
The blond managed a smile then, exhaled softly. “I’ll write to you,” he promised. “Now that I’m not a wanted man, I think it’ll be okay to keep you updated.”
There was no way to find the object he’d cherished for months, to rescue the only tether he had left, the only lifeline, the only means of reaching Tony. He had just watched his hopes disappear before his eyes, in a fiery blast, all because he’d been clumsy, because he hadn’t properly secured the fucking phone. He’d been getting ready to call Tony before they were attacked, and wished he’d attempted calling just a few minutes sooner. Steve had hastily shoved the electronic in his pocket when the first rocket sailed past their wing, and they engaged the enemy jets, and now he was suffering the consequences.
“Fine,” Steve replied with a dramatic sigh. He couldn’t stop himself from smiling though, turned his head to kiss the hand laying on his left shoulder. “No more playing around,” he agreed. “You wanna get knotted? I’ll knot you so good you’ll forget your name,” he purred.
Steve licked the slick from his lips, drew back a little and grinned. “Not my name, but I appreciate it, sweetheart,” he quipped, more than a little smug.
He thought about it, the night before they reached the border, staring up at the stars. He could still hear, could still count the strikes of his shield, the amount of force it took to off-line Tony’s suit, to end it all. He remembered the hatred, the pain in Tony’s eyes when he’d walked away, the way it felt, when he abandoned his own mate.
The Alpha sighed. “If it weren’t for Tony’s health, I’d join the search myself. But at this point, I can’t leave his side.”
“Sounds like a hassle,” Steve agreed. He still wasn’t sure what Tony was getting at, and the curiosity slowly bubbled up in him.
Steve’s muzzle reached Tony’s neck now, and he inhaled a couple of big sniffs, breathed his scent in deeply. It tickled a little, and Tony couldn’t help but stifle a giggle against the sheets, pull his shoulders up tight.
Steve smiled at him, the love palpable in his blue eyes, and he nodded, pressed their sweaty foreheads together. “Name the time and place, sweetheart.”
loving Steve. But would it be enough? Could he forgive him for all that had happened, and could he do it
“Yeah,” Steve replied, and he let out a sigh. Normally he was more than willing to keep it going, to have another orgasm, but today was such a lazy day, he felt honestly content with just the one. His heart rate was still a little elevated, and he felt adrift at sea in the best way possible.
“Okay, just a second,” she agreed, knew better than to argue right now, and walked around the bed. She gingerly scooped Peter up from the bassinet, smiled as she did so, and placed him in Tony’s tired arms.
“There’s no way,” Tony replied, shaking his head. He crossed his arms. “They destroyed the homing beacons in their suits first thing. There’s no easy way to track them. I’m tempted to send drones out, but if they get ID’d then the whole shebang is over in an instant, and we’ll be dealing with a hell of a court case.
At least he had Steve himself. The conversation they’d just had put him a little more at ease than before too, and he was thankful for it.
The bed he was in now wasn’t like his bed at home. It was a full sized bed, for one, which meant that there wasn’t a lot of room to begin with, and he was sharing it with Steve, which meant there wasn’t any room at all. It was times like this that he was actually thankful for his height, for their size difference. It made it easier to lay together, with Steve pressed against his back and following the curve of his body. The soldier’s arm was slung over his waist, heavy, familiar, almost like a seatbelt. Tony felt like he needed one.
Steve shrugged a little. “It’s nothing,” he replied. He didn’t really want to talk about it all, burden them anymore. Although they were a little more sympathetic to his case now that they knew about the baby, he wasn’t sure if he’d get the open ear he needed. That in itself was kind of frustrating, but he supposed he deserved to suffer a little, given all that had happened. They were all in a horrible situation, not just him, and maybe he didn’t have the right to think his problems bigger than theirs.
“Fuck,” Steve groaned, and he couldn’t stop his hips from thrusting a little quicker, a little harder.
at his side, and Tony slipped on his prescription sunglasses, adjusted his cardigan, straightened the collar of his sweater. “I can’t believe you convinced me to come out here,” he said, taking in the view.
? Tony was the luckiest guy on earth, he was sure, and he spent as much time as possible reaping the benefits.
What could possibly be wrong now? Hadn’t he suffered enough? Didn’t he deserve a moment of peace, of happiness? Didn’t he deserve some reward from life, for all of the suffering? Was he truly that bad of a person, that even this had to be ruined? What was about to happen?
“I need to stretch you first,” Steve replied, and though Tony couldn’t see his face, he could hear the amusement in Steve’s tone. Of course he was enjoying this, the bastard. Steve thought it was perfectly fair to have Tony a shaking, begging mess now. After all, that was what he wanted all along, wasn’t it? He was just giving Tony exactly what he asked for.
“We’ll have to wait and see if they’ll send Vision alone or with a team. Hopefully it’ll be alone,” Rhodey said.
“Can’t relax enough to sleep. I feel like I’m gonna jump out of my skin,” Tony admitted. He heaved another sigh.
“But, for what it’s worth, I think he really does regret it all,” Rhodey said. “Rogers has always been kind of stupid in his decision-making skills. I don’t think he intended for things to end up like this.”
“No,” Tony replied, taking a deep breath and pulling back a little. “You didn’t know. It’s okay, really. I’m just being dramatic, as usual.” He wiped his tears, tried to laugh.
“Of course I did,” Steve replied, his face turning a little more serious. “I…I just want you to know how much you mean to me, really. Sometimes I still can’t believe we’re dating.”
He didn’t draw as much as he used to, at least not seriously. Most of his drawings these days were silly little sketches that he let Peter color in, trying to encourage his creativity. He was a fan of really bright colors, his favorite being green, so Steve had a couple page’s worth of green drawings. Now though, he had a little bit of time to actually draw, and found inspiration in the garden.
have a connection. He wasn’t lonely with Steve here, could never feel lonely with the blond at his side, and that was all that really mattered.
Tony blinked at the little box, and felt his heart jump. He smiled, a real smile, and took the box from Steve’s hands. “You didn’t have to get me anything,” he said softly.
She turned her eyes to their Alpha, who was staring down at his hands, his jaw clenched so tight it could probably snap metal. It didn’t take a genius to figure out what he was thinking about, how he was struggling. He’d finally started to get back to his old self the last few weeks, started to improve both physically and mentally. It was clear if they failed this new mission, all of that progress would be reverted. Hell, it was probably already starting to revert, judging by the scent of distress wafting through the air. She couldn’t blame him.
The shift had come after their separation. Tony supposed Steve didn’t want to waste any more time with social hang-ups. He was glad they were together, and didn’t care who knew. Tony still managed to feel a little embarrassed now though, and couldn’t help but look around to see if anyone was there. He heard some talking and kids laughing a few rows away, but not close enough that they’d be intruded on.
When Tony took a look at him, at the way his brows were tugged down and his lips were curled into a frown, the brunet couldn’t help but let out a laugh.
Tony was right. Steve wanted that, so bad, wanted to just give up the whole thing and really give it to him. He was so damn hard, and it was torture right now, with Tony’s heat squeezing around him. He’d been able to ignore it for a while, but the urge to fuck up into the hole so beautifully spread around him was becoming overwhelming. Steve wanted to give up, wanted to let Tony win. He wanted to take what was being offered to him, wanted to take what was
He felt like a massive failure. Things had been going so good. Things had been changing for the better, and now, Steve had ruined it all again. He had to try and find a way to fix it, no matter the cost, no matter the risk.
“Yes,” he breathed, and she could see his fingers trembling where they grasped the blankets, trying to keep a hold of himself, to keep from losing himself entirely.
“I guess,” Tony said, and held out his hand for Steve to take. He intertwined their fingers, his arm curled around Steve’s so they were closer together. “As long as I get some pie out of this at the end of the night.”
Steve was grunting now, moaning a little in that rough voice, and one of his paws braced Tony’s hips, big and heavy, and his claws just barely left scratches across his tanned skin, and that was it. Tony shot his load all over the bed beneath him, his back arched and brows furrowed, the aftershocks rushing through him so good it made his limbs weak.
His hand came up, grasped her shoulder, and she brushed a hand down his side soothingly in return, felt the muscles in his abdomen flex with his harsh breathing, with the low moans that were being punched out of him with each thrust.
Steve licked his lips, tried to think back. His heart was beating fast already, and everything felt so warm.
Steve took Tony to his apartment, made sure he was safe and comfortable, and lastly, at Tony’s request, Steve kissed him that night. And from there? Well. Steve had a hard time denying Tony anything. At least, he did initially, because, as stated before, Tony was a brat.
Tony on the other hand, had forgotten his umbrella that day. He’d taken a cab across town to go to the store, and unfortunately, didn’t seem to have any luck getting a cab for the way back. After waiting 15 minutes without reward, he’d opted to walk instead, hoping he wouldn’t get sick from being drenched.
I know I promised this fic would be friendly for both sides, so I hope that argument felt fair, even if Steve let a little more out. He's been keeping a lot down, guys.
"You're fine, Peter," Steve reassured him too as he settled his hands on his belt in his typical old man pose. Or, one of them. "The song was over anyhow."
When Tony suggested he take a walk, he was a little grateful for the excuse to leave without seeming like he was running away. It was humiliating to hear Norman talk about him like that in front of Steve and Tony, and it made his eyes burn with frustrated tears.
They still got the chance to play family, but now they had to host Norman. Steve wasn't sure if the guy was physically abusive, but the idea had him worried. Abusive people didn't take very well to people confronting them or trying to control them. The last thing he wanted to do was make home life worse for Harry. But Peter was right; they couldn't ignore Harry if he needed help.
Tony knew the comment would get him to respond if he called him that. And just like that, Peter replied, "I'm not a baby."
Tony rested his arm on the back of the couch as the movie started, and the singing began already. His fingers brushed Steve's hair as his hand settled and he found himself absent-mindedly playing with the end of his locks, curling them around his fingers.
Steve didn't say anything. He wasn't sure what to say. He was still trying to focus on getting himself to calm down. He wondered if Tony was having the same problem, though he wouldn't be able to tell since he refused to let his eyes drift lower than his chin.
When it ended, Steve was disappointed. It was time to get up and destroy the idea of their own little family. No more Tony playing with his hair, and no more Peter curled between them as he hummed along to the music.
Tony cared about him riding unsafely on a motorcycle, and he cared about him falling into a trap of some Hydra goon.
Tony scoffed as he began to pull down the sweatpants and immediately, Steve saw that he wasn't swimming in boxers. Steve averted his eyes to the water instantly. "I'm not wearing boxers to swim in."
It didn’t feel like it solved their disagreement. Tony still felt like the air between them was tense. But at least, it was a start.
"Long story, but my dad said I couldn't leave my room." Peter didn't want to be in that home another minute with Steve worrying about how his concussion was healing and Tony giving him a sarcastic attitude about his stupid mistake yesterday. He was confused!
"As long as he's having fun. I could just pretend he's at the summer camp I could never afford to send him to instead of being undercover to find a terrorist group of Nazis." She sighed heavily. "I can't believe my life."
“Rogers will go around the neighborhood while we’re shopping,” Tony said, standing up too. “Get dressed and meet me in the living room.”
“Don’t bother! My answer isn’t changing.” Tony shook his head stubbornly, though Peter knew he could change Tony’s mind. He could always get Tony to do what he wanted.
“No, you won’t!” His yell was so sudden that even Peter flinched. Steve stepped in between him and Norman. Peter glanced around his huge mountain of a body to peer over at Harry as his father continued to yell. “You’re not to see my son anymore. If I see you near him, you will regret it.”
Peter sighed but stopped arguing with them. Tony glanced over at Steve, and even though he was still glaring at the road ahead of him, Tony had to fight a small smile. Steve being protective over Peter was a good thing. He could trust him with Peter, and that was a big thing. Especially when he had thought all of his trust in Steve was gone.
Tony waved him off. "Go ahead. I'll probably have the call in the bedroom, unless you want to hear it too?"
"He said he caught Peter stealing. We need to go before he calls the police." Tony huffed, trying to calm down. He didn't want to upset Peter when he saw him.
“No,” Norman grunted. “The way he’s raising him. I feel like you’d agree more with me. You seem like a really big and tough guy. You know that kids need to know their place--.”
also, yes, tony makes a comment about everyone experiencing sexual attraction, trying to reassure Steve, and I know that's not the case. This is necessary for the plot. I feel like sometimes I have to clarify that my characters say things that might not always be true, but it's what is necessary for the character/plot.
Peter wasn't supposed to confuse Steve and Tony for his actual parents when waking up, but he took over when I was writing and wanted it. I thought it was sweet but angsty so I let him keep it in the story.
“We spoke on the battlefield,” Seve said, glancing over to Peter as if he was trying to see if he had the same hostile reaction as Tony did. Peter made sure to keep the smile on his face. “He said he was from Queens. I recognized his voice.”
"With all due respect," Steve said because zero respect was due to Norman, "I'd appreciate it if you didn't discuss my son's business when it's not your own."
Tony turned around and his eyes narrowed when he saw the coffee pod in Steve's hand. He took it and shoved it into the machine. "What story did you make up now,
Steve didn’t pay any attention to his absence and went about life like he usually did. Thankfully, Fury had stocked the house with some food before they had arrived. After looking through what they had in the kitchen, Steve cracked a half dozen eggs into a frying pan. He poured himself a glass of juice once they were scrambled well and dished the eggs on a plate. He sat at the island in the kitchen and ate his breakfast in silence.
Tony wasn’t sure why he said the first thing that came to mind, but he wasn’t sure what else he could say that would excuse him having lunch so far from his
Tony didn't care what movie they watched. He wasn't going to pay attention anyway. He was going to be thinking about Netflix and Chilling with Steve the entire time.
Sharing clothing was a romantic thing, usually. Though, it could be platonic too like when he had borrowed Rhodey’s clothes back in college some nights because had the comfiest sweats or when Peter borrowed his sweatshirts in the lab because he got too cold. That wasn’t romantic, but it was something
"'Cus your dad is home and I'm grounded, so we've got to sneak away. Your spot in the tree is the only safe place I know," Peter said, peddling his bike next to Harry.
Harry smiled as he rubbed the back of his neck. “Alright...I thought…I wasn’t sure if you were enjoying it.”
"Yeah? We'll see how long that lasts." Tony placed the plate on his nightstand along with the water bottle. "I brought you lunch. Your favorite. Peanut butter and jelly."
Peter sighed as they pulled up into the woods. "I'm sorry. I just had a big fight with my dad. I hate it when we fight."
Norman grunted before grabbing Harry by the arm to yank him out of the house. Peter started to follow them, but Tony stopped him by grabbing his hand. He pulled him to his side much more gently than Norman did.
"Well, now you could get anyone you wanted on the dance floor. So whaddya say we start learning?" Tony stood up and walked over to the record player to switch off Peter's music. "You have a favorite here?"
"Hold your horses. I'm coming in." He started to pull off his t-shirt, and Steve couldn't help it when his eyes went to Tony's tummy. Ever since Steve assured him having a little bit of a belly wasn't bad, he'd been much more confident with wearing no shirt. Steve preferred it that way. And while Steve enjoyed how muscled his arms were, his soft belly was better than abs.
Tony blinked a few times, trying to clear up his confusion and sleep, probably. “What? Where the hell are you going?”
people do. Host a welcome to the neighborhood party kind of thing. That way, everyone can just introduce themselves. They’ll come right to you. Whoever doesn’t show up, we can kinda cross off the list. Hydra will want to know who’s moving in on their neighborhood. They wouldn’t stay away.”
"I'm sorry-- what do you want from me, Nikolaus?" Tony frowned, and Steve tensed, glaring at the phone.
“We’ll do that when Peter wakes up.” Steve checked the time on his watch. “Does he usually wake up at a certain time? Is it too early to start breakfast?”
The pants landed behind Steve's head on the patio, and Steve wished he had kept looking to watch him throw them like that. He wondered if he used his hand or tossed it off with his foot.
I'm in the middle of writing the last chapter; I expect to finish it tomorrow, and I'm so sad to be saying goodbye to this universe:(
Norman stood up, though he wasn’t as tall as Steve so he wasn’t very threatening. Steve still looked down at him. “Fine. I don’t want to be here with the likes of you either.”
Peter was curled up, leaning against Harry’s side. The smell of vomit was thick in the air even though they were outside. Steve had smelt worse during the war so he didn’t let it bother him. Tony on the other hand couldn’t hold back his gag. “Oh, kid--.”
Steve shifted, relaxing his hand and curling it around Tony's waist perfectly. Tony held back the shiver.
Tony groaned loudly so Peter knew he was so not okay with this. “Fine. But it’s not up to me. It’s up to your aunt-- you know, your legal guardian.”
"Good. Well, thank you for your apology. I'm sorry for talking about…" Tony winced, not wanting to start the mood again. "You know…"
“About the bathroom. I didn’t need to go,” he explained, shrugging his shoulders. “I just needed to get away from my dad.”
No...that seemed so wrong. Peter knew Steve’s feelings for Tony. He’d heard him talk about him. Steve really did love Tony. So, then why was he going to sleep with another person? To make him jealous? Making someone jealous was not a cool thing. It was mean and cruel.
“And you didn’t think to call me about this purchase or even, I don’t know, wait until you were dressed properly?” Tony didn’t even know why he was angry. He bought a boat for Christ’s sake. He’d be a hypocrite if he was angry at Steve for doing the same thing he did.
Tony nodded his head as he lowered the needle down carefully so he didn't pop Steve's vinyl. "Everyone needs a family."
Peter made a small sound of discomfort too as Steve fixed him in his arms. Then he hushed him softly. "Shh, I've got you, bud. Go back to sleep."
"Then what are you doing?" Steve eyed him as he shifted. He held his breath when Tony turned and swung a leg around Steve, kneeling on the pool bench with Steve between his legs. His knees were pressed against his hips, and Steve had to look up to see his face because he was sightline with his chest and belly. He tried not to think too much about what was just a few inches lower. Unfortunately, trying not to think about it was still thinking about it, and he felt his dick twitch.
His curiosity was paused when he heard another voice join them. He recognized it from not only Germany, but from all of the school videos he had to watch featuring Captain America. “Hello, Tony…”
“Exactly. He’s old about to know about sex. Hell, wasn’t he caught at the mall for stealing condoms. I think he know plenty about sex already.”
Just barely, Tony heard Peter blowing a raspberry underneath the blanket. He rolled his eyes and walked out of his room.
Posting this a little early tonight because I have to go to bed early. I have my road test tomorrow morning and I'm so nervous. I've struggled with driving and anxiety attacks for the past five years, but these last few months I've finally started to feel more comfortable. I hope I pass tomorrow...please pray that I do! Your thoughts and prayers will be very much appreciated!!!
"Don't act so surprised," Steve said, sliding over the phone on the table. "Fury gave us these phones to us."
"You know, I feel a little self conscious here. I'm the only one naked. You could at least take your suit off too."
“I want you to be safe,” Harry said in a serious voice. He didn’t look like he was having fun. Maybe he was sad to share Peter with the rest of the people here?
Sighing, Steve said, "No matter how behaved Peter is, he's still a teenager. You tell him not to do something, it'll only make him want to do it more."
Peter didn't leave his room the next day. Tony didn't care; he actually preferred for the kid to sulk in his room so he could heal from the possible concussion without getting himself into more trouble.
“We’re done. You’re done. I don’t want you over here again,” Norman barked, snapping his fingers as if Harry was a dog. “Get over here.”
For a few moments, they were both quiet as they continued to eat lunch. Tony knew that Peter was just thinking about the next best way to torment him with this situation.
Please leave a review for me to read...it's a Rough Night, and your reviews can always make me smile.
“Yes! Before I screw this up-- yes-- just--.” Peter squeezed his eyes shut and puckered his lips for a kiss. A second later, Harry’s lips were back on his, and his hands cupped Peter’s cheeks. Peter was doing better with moving his lips. Kind of. Harry was doing most of the work, and Peter was just doing his best at copying him.
He was searching through an almost empty fridge for anything to eat when Tony’s voice behind him made him jump.
And not only did he get to play suburban house, but he was getting the chance to do it with Tony Stark and Steve Rogers! Peter couldn’t wait to tell Ned. He’d freak out.
Also, one of the songs they dance to on the boat together is "So Close" by Jon McLaughlin. Go listen to it and close your eyes, imagining Steve and Tony in the moment dancing together. If you do that after you leave a review, come back to tell me what you felt while imagining that.
“Tony, that’s ridiculous. I just want to find Hydra, and you agreed that it was the easiest way to snoop.” Steve jabbed his finger in his direction. “But if you don’t want me to do it, we can find another way together.”
Tony pulled out his phone and clicked May's contact. Part of the deal to let Peter stay with them was keeping her in the loop and always giving her an option to reach them. She had both Peter and Tony's undercover phone numbers.
Peter took Harry by one of the hands and pulled him in closer, leaning up and puckering his lips. He continued leaning forward until he was pressing his lips against Harry’s. He remembered Harry liked to use tongue sometimes, so he tried to shove it between his lips. Within a moment of the start of their kiss, Harry was gently pushing Peter away.
“It’s alright, Mr. Stark,” Peter said, giving him a small smile. Tony didn’t deserve Peter. He didn’t think anyone did, really. “I know you’ve got a lot going on. I won’t be any trouble.”
Not very long later, Peter was breathing heavily and asleep. Tony continued to play with Peter's curls until Tony found himself falling asleep too.
“M’not ‘barassin’ myself,” Peter muttered before promptly leaning forward and vomiting. He almost fell forward into it until Harry caught him.
"I woke up, and you were nowhere. We're undercover on a mission; you can't just go wandering off!" Tony snapped, searching through the cabinets for something. He was in sweats and a band t-shirt with messed up hair. He had just woken up, obviously grumpy with no coffee yet. Steve thought it was cute even if he was on the receiving end of Tony's mood.
Tony grinned when he heard Peter groan under the blankets. Tony loved embarrassing that kid. "Stop! It was a
“Putting him in danger isn’t just my punishment!” Tony yelled, knowing that Peter was rolling his eyes as he listened to his side of the conversation.
In Tony's dream, he had been carried to bed by Steve. He could carry him to bed after he was up too long in the lab and Tony was being stubborn. He could carry him to bed because he was too excited to have sex that he needed to get them in there fast. He could carry him to bed when Tony fell asleep on the couch and he was too tired to walk back into their room.
“We’re done. You’re done. I don’t want you over here again,” Norman said, snapping his fingers. “Get over here.”
Steve didn’t know what to say. He felt his shoulders slump further with shame. He doubted he’d ever be able to hold them high again.
It was definitely what the brunet needed to hear, but that didn’t mean he believed it. He let out a non-committal hum, not disagreeing, but not entirely agreeing. He knew he shouldn’t blame himself, but he couldn’t help it. He blamed himself for a lot of things. He’d never been good at seeing sense in that aspect.
Part of him wanted to finish, because he knew his next orgasm would be fucking amazing, but he also didn’t want the fun to be over, and didn’t think he could take much more after this one. He had a high libido, and who wouldn’t, with a mate like Steve, but even he had his limits outside of his heat. Still, he wanted it to be good, wanted to give Steve some of the devotion and sweet attention he’d gotten thus far, wanted to make the other Alpha aware who owned
“Your life’s already been uprooted once. Do you really wanna risk it again, just for me?” Tony asked.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, let out a shaky breath. “And he’ll—he’ll be okay? If we’re together?” he asked, dared to hope. There had to be a silver lining, right? A way out? A way to cut the wire? There had to be a chance, somehow, that his baby could be healthy, and happy, right?
Steve smiled at him softly, sympathy in his eyes. “Sorry, I can’t keep you all to myself, no matter how much I want to. But we’ve got the whole day to spend together, and then I’ll take you home tonight. Can you live with that?”
him. He was so hard, wanted to get off so bad, but knew he wouldn’t be allowed to until Steve did, until
The soldier couldn’t help but pump his hips a little harder then, and he shut his eyes tight. Usually he could last longer, but he’d been so ready to go for so long that it wouldn’t take much more time at all to reach the peak. “Tony—fuck—“
Steve thanked God the brunet was able to get away from the situation, to call him. He damned every person at the party who had done nothing to help him.
chosen the right partner. Tony pressed his head against the soldier’s shoulder a few bars into their dance, and Steve leaned his against him in return, closed his eyes.
“Thank you for letting us come here,” Steve started as he drew back, nodding his respect to T’challa.
God, it’d been so long since Tony had smelled Steve’s scent like that, had felt like that. Even the clothes hanging in Steve’s closet had mostly lost their scent. Too much of his own had left its mark in the room in general over the months.
If she was reaching out like that, Steve could indulge her. He was thankful for it, actually. Wanda never seemed to really judge him, or blame him, even with all that had happened. But then again, being orphaned and losing her brother probably made her more aware of the importance of sticking together, gave her an extra supply of patience the others didn’t have.
At least his friend, his brother for all intents and purposes, seemed okay. That was all the comfort Steve thought he’d get for the rest of his days, knowing that he had saved Bucky, that he had given him a chance at happiness. He didn’t have time to dwell on it though. Urgency led Steve on, made him turn to the king.
. There was something about the robot’s appearance that was just supremely unsettling. His movements were
Steve turned to look out the window though when the wind picked up. “It’s bad out there,” he remarked as Tony brushed a hand through his bangs.
Steve normally rode a motorcycle, when visiting. Tony had even fixed it up about a month ago, when Steve had managed to accidentally crush one of the handlebars, bent it completely out of shape. Tony thought it was hilarious, and Steve rolled his eyes when the brunet made fun of him, but didn’t stop him, never seemed to stop him when he teased.
But no. They weren’t happy now. They were separated, because of a few stupid decisions that Tony was sure now would haunt them for a lifetime.
Steve went off first, came with a shout, and Tony praised him for it, stroked himself hard and fast to follow Steve over the edge moments later. The mess was mostly contained between them, and Tony’s head fell back on the couch. Steve sprawled on top of him once more, and they lay there in a sweaty, messy, but
He lifted himself a little, brought his free hand up to cup Steve’s cheek. The blond’s eyes were drooping a little, maybe a little exhausted himself, and hell, Tony couldn’t fault him for that. He’d put in
But hey, Tony been in bad spirits for a few days, and was getting back to his old happy self, which Steve desperately wanted to keep around. They also happened to have the Villa to themselves at the moment, with Maria attending a fashion show in London and Howard on his business trip, which meant it was the perfect time for something this bold, this privately exciting.
He’d given Steve the descriptions of the three guys who’d ruined his night as best as he could. Their names were a little hard to remember, but Tony thought he got them right. Steve had a good memory, and plenty of practice identifying targets, so he assured Tony whatever he could say would be enough. The location of his jacket he
Everything felt so hot, like his body was a live wire, and Natasha kept fucking him, filling him up over and over. She shifted her position eventually, leaned forward so that she was on top of him. She was a little too short to reach his face like this, couldn’t kiss him, but was close enough that her hair tickled his chest, swept across his bare skin like a soft curtain on each thrust.
The brunet shook his head. “No. No, I don’t want that,” he replied firmly. “It’s not the right time. I can’t deal with a PR nightmare right now.” That much was true. Steve was missing, and they were all in danger. Trying to explain even a fraction what was going on to the media seemed impossible. What could he say?
Tony frowned a little, angry at the reality of it all. It bothered him, a lot, knowing that he couldn’t have any more kids. Not so much as when he’d gotten the news, but still enough to hurt, even now. There was always adoption, but…
Tony reached out to grab the blanket, let it pool across his waist. He grabbed the water bottle too, muttered his thanks and cracked it open, took a long swig as the blond set the other objects down on the coffee table. Tony took a few more sips, let out a sigh and put the bottle on the table. He’d definitely needed that.
was the one who’d asked for this, who asked for Steve to fill him up to his limit, to fuck him full, to stuff him with cock so hard he’d feel it in his throat. He couldn’t actually, but felt full nonetheless, could feel the pressure, the stretch, just teetering on the edge of overwhelming.
When it got too hard to focus on his book anymore, Tony thought of other ways to occupy his time: namely messing with Steve.
“God…” Steve groaned, and let out a breath. The intensity finally eased off after a while, and he turned his eyes to the ceiling. His vision was still a little hazy, but damn did he feel good. Tony’s vanilla whiskey scent was deep and pleased, the reward for his hard work, and Steve couldn’t help but smile a little, turn his head to breathe it in.
Jesus, how much time had the brunet really spent on this meal today? Steve imagined him working diligently, focused, determined, working for hours, maybe making a few mistakes along the way like he had a habit of doing in the kitchen, putting it all together and taking care cleaning up, getting dressed, all for Steve. His heart swelled at the thought, at all the effort of it. Not many people were willing to do so much for him.
protection. Tony—well, Tony may have been the strongest person Rhodey had ever met, even if he was stubborn and stupid and didn’t always do what was best for himself. His perseverance was inspiring, gave Rhodey the courage to face the obstacles in his life too. He couldn’t imagine life without Tony in it, and would do everything possible to keep him safe and happy.
Tony stared after him a moment, couldn’t believe his luck, and then practically jumped into action, followed Steve out the door.
“Yes, daddy dearest,” Tony said bitterly, and left the room as quick as he could before Howard could say, or do, anything else to him.
They didn’t play up the age difference thing all that often, but Tony really seemed to love it whenever he was feeling insecure like today, loved that Steve was older and stronger and safe, that he took care of Tony willingly, gladly, and even though he wouldn’t admit it verbally, it absolutely always had to do with what Howard did to him, the way he treated him. Maybe it was kind of fucked up to crave that missing affection, to get it from his boyfriend, but Steve never seemed to mind, never judged Tony in any capacity. Steve’s own father hadn’t been perfect either, wasn’t as bad as Tony’s, but wasn’t a walk in the park, but Steve at least had his mother to count on back then, and of course Bucky, so he never felt unloved, never felt that crippling, strangling hold of misery that twisted its way into Tony’s heart so often. Steve did his best to counteract that, to give Tony all that he could, all that he needed.
“Hold on,” he said, drawing away from Steve’s lips, even as it pained him to do so. The blond’s bangs were a little disheveled, and his cheeks were flushed a little, eyes piercing, and oh yeah, it was better to stop now, before Tony let those eyes swallow him up entirely.
“Still so mouthy,” Steve complained. “If you’re still good enough to talk back to me, then I guess we’re not done.”
“I…I was at this party, and these assholes, they…they kissed me, they tried to—they tried to touch me,” he managed to say after a second. “I didn’t want them, Steve. I-I ran away.”
, and Steve couldn’t blame him for that. God, he wished he’d been called under different circumstances.
The blond swallowed hard, wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist and tugged him closer. He’d had the thought himself a few times, but it wasn’t exactly a helpful one. Wishing like that wouldn’t do them any good, after what had happened. It wouldn’t change anything.
Yes, that day in the rain had been kind of silly and weird, but it also led Steve here, comfortable in the arms of his boyfriend and having a relaxing day off together. Tony worked a lot, so moments like this were rare, where he wasn’t working on some kind of machine or vehicle. He was saving up to buy the workshop from its current owner, wanted to make it his own business, so he wasn’t one to be idle.
Steve set him down gently, framed his hips with his big hands. Tony rubbed his arm, tried to coax more words out of him.
Tony shook his head. “Not yet. I—I’ve been kind of scared to,” he admitted. The longer he stayed away from the hard data, the more he could convince himself that everything was fine. If he saw the truth though, and it was something terrible, there’d be no taking that knowledge back.
It hadn’t taken long to figure out that Tony was self-conscious about his rambling. Tony simply had a mind that ran a mile a minute, and he could control it most of the time, but whenever his guard was down, whenever he got a little excited in one way or another, that speed had a direct line running to his mouth.
Either way, the sight of Tony resting in the shade, relaxed and messy, all tanned skin and ease, his dark eyes focused on the book in his hand, managed to be kind of magical. The Alpha was a damn good candid model. Peter laying at his side, his little hands curled into fists and cherubian face calm and illuminated by sun shafts filtering through the leaves, made the picture that much sweeter.
For now, he worked on his sketching, tried to capture the delicate, messy curls of Tony’s hair, free-flowing and a little wild, like when he woke up in the morning, before he took the time to manipulate the locks into his signature hairstyle. He’d grabbed a shirt too, because it was a little bit cooler here than on the beach. His white, collared button-down was only done up about halfway, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows.
Tony got away with saying a lot, with doing a lot, thanks to Steve, and part of him was sure it was because Steve loved him, truly loved him, and was too shy or scared to say anything about it. Tony was scared to say something too, because what could they do, really? Spend the rest of their lives sneaking around everyone’s backs, stealing moments of happiness, and nothing more? No. It was better, more
; too wet, and the dizziness was taking center stage. The room felt like it was spinning and his eyes were drooping. It was too hard to focus on anything.
Steve’s smile for Bucky melted away almost as quickly as it came, as he remembered what they were dealing with. There was a lot to catch him up on, and Steve wasn’t even sure how he could say it all. Bucky would surely be disappointed in him too, once he knew everything, knew about the baby. The conversation would surely be unpleasant, only add to the ever-growing pile of guilt gathered beneath Steve’s feet. It would have to wait for later though. The greeting, and hug they shared was short.
His coordination was a little lacking by the time Steve parked the car, and he managed to trip getting out of it, narrowly stopped himself from busting his face on the sidewalk by bracing his hands in front of him. The impact hurt one of his knees, shocked him, and his palms definitely got scratched up.
men, and maybe he was a little bit of a coward for keeping that fact to himself, but he’d only been in the future for a few months.
It was just sweet enough, with the cinnamon sprinkled over the top standing out but not being too overpowering. The vanilla ice cream was already melting a little, which made for the best gooey, warm bite of pie imaginable. There were few better simple pleasures in life, honestly. The scientist had helped peel the apples for the filling, but other than that, it was all thanks to Steve that he had this wonderful dessert. Steve didn’t bake
“Okay,” Tony sighed, and rolled off of Steve and onto the bed. “You can go ahead and clean me up,” he added, stifling a yawn.
Tony hummed a little. He didn’t quite agree with the sentiment, but couldn’t find it in himself to argue. Instead he turned his head, pressed a grateful kiss to Steve’s cheek. Steve turned then too, and their lips met. The kiss started soft, slow, but grew in intensity, and Steve’s hands ran down Tony’s flanks, and Tony’s tugged at his shirt collar, and they kissed until Tony was breathless, until he was a little less keyed-up, sinking easily into Steve’s touch.
“Do you want a picture?” the soldier asked after Tony slid a few dollars across the counter, reading her mind.
Tony knew it. He could feel the way the soldier’s body was squirming under his hands, could taste the pre-cum leaking from the tip of his dick, bitter but not particularly unpleasant, or maybe he was just biased. He hummed a little, partly because of his own satisfaction and partly to drive Steve a little more nuts, because he wanted it, wanted him to cum. Steve’s moans were some of the best sounds in the world, according to Tony, and he felt a sense of pride every time the soldier called out his name, because he knew no one else got the privilege. No one else got to see, to touch, to feel Steve this way, and that felt amazing.
Tony didn’t back down though. He was 21 after all, wasn’t a kid anymore, and his plans, all of them, could be useful, given the chance to put them into motion. Just because Tony wasn’t interesting in creating weapons didn’t mean he was useless, like his father believed. At this point, he was sure his father would end up ruining his own company. Tony, on the other hand, could launch it forward, had a lot to offer. He could bring the stocks back up, reel in a new generation of investors, bring them to the top. Howard didn’t want to hear any of that, of course, didn’t want to believe it, and when Tony worked up the courage to spit out a “Fuck you!” at the end of his ten minute rant, his father yanked his arm forward hard enough for Tony’s knees to buckle.
That felt nice. It soothed him that much more, seeing that Steve was distraught too. Maybe Tony’s delusions earlier, his intrusive thoughts, really were just that: silly little thoughts his brain came up with, designed to hurt him and nothing more. Maybe he really was lucky enough to have had Steve’s love this last year, and to continue having it.
“The three of us are the only ones who agreed to all of this without a fuss. We’ve done everything you’ve asked! I gave you a perfectly good tracking algorithm. If something’s wrong with it, either your team fucked it up, or the others caught on to it and hired a guy to reroute their signal, to make them harder to find. Either way, it’s not my fucking problem! I’ve got a baby coming in two weeks. I haven’t left this Compound in
He took a long, deep breath, exhaled it sharply. He angrily brushed hair from his face, stared down at the ground.
He didn’t really talk about how lonely he felt with others. He always kept his problems close to his chest, considered them his burden to bear. It was something Bucky had chastised him about when they were younger, and he hadn’t outgrown the habit. Tony made it easy to share his vulnerability though, to open up. He knew that the brunet would never betray his trust, and knew that Tony trusted him in return.
Tony let out little gasps, and locked his ankles around Steve’s back, rolled his hips into it a little. “God, yes, yes—
Peter was pretty malleable when asleep. They could drop the kid just about anywhere and he wouldn’t wake up. Once he was out, he was out for at least half an hour. Steve definitely envied him in that aspect.
Steve felt the same way. A thousand fears had gathered and receded in his brain the moment their lips met. He felt young, and new, like another person, like this single moment had changed him, completed him more than the super soldier serum ever had. This was how love was supposed to be, he was sure, easy and kind yet intense, overwhelming in a way that left his head swimming for a moment.
A few minutes later, Tony was comfy in bed, his shoes kicked off and the pillows soft under his head, a throw blanket on his lap. Steve’s arm was curled around him, his chest against Tony’s back, and Peter was in front of him, his little hand fisted in Tony’s shirt, gently sucking on his pacifier.
“Shit,” he sighed, put a hand on his hip. He really didn’t want to pull a back muscle straining for apples either.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said immediately, his face a mixture of panicked, distressed and nervous. “I’m—oh.”
He thought about Steve again. Steve, who should be here, at his side. Steve, who should have laughed and cried along with him, held their son for the first time by now. Steve, who was, to Tony’s knowledge, still missing. He thought he might cry again, swallowed hard around the lump in his throat.
At least he could breathe a little easier now. The rain had lightened a little too, the raindrops growing quieter, which was a blessing.
“You ready for more?” Steve asked, gripping Tony’s hip with his free hand. “You wanna be fucked for real?”
Tony squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, and then opened them again, studied his baby’s face. The answer became clear.
“Does that mean you’re ready to give up? Because, if you haven’t noticed, you’ve stopped painting,” he prodded.
Tony didn’t know quite how to take that. It seemed too good to be true, that someone could truly care about him so much. Everything about Steve was too good to be true, but it
There wasn’t going on much on Steve’s end either. His girlfriend Peggy had broken up with him six months before, and he’d made his peace with it, but was hard-pressed to find someone else. He’d only been on a few dates, and nothing had come from them. That all changed that day in the rain.
damning, had too much respect for his big beefy boyfriend for that, but he liked toeing the line, making Steve wonder how far he would truly go.
“W-wait!” he said, and caught up to Tony easily, and properly shielded him from the downpour with his umbrella. “You came this far under my umbrella. Might as well go the rest of the way.”
Why was it so hard to please his father? Why couldn’t Howard be like other fathers, kind and caring and patient? Not once that Tony could remember had his father swept him up, held him close and read him a bedtime story, tucked him into bed. The closest he came was letting Tony sit beside his armchair while he smoked and told stories about Captain America, about how he was going to find him one day. He never let Tony get close really, treated him more like an employee than his own son, and his critiques were hard, biting, and constant, even when the brunet was little.
A harsh breeze cut across the empty road, bad enough that even Steve grimaced, and Tony’s already miserable face twisted further into a frown.
Tony did as told. He opened up the little jewelry box, held it up a little higher to get a better look at it.
Tony leaned back against his chest, took care in slowly closing his book after marking the page. His heart was beating fast, and damn did Steve’s words send a thrill up his spine, but he was determined not to let it show.
They’d had a good long rest, honestly, first with living at the lake house and now on this amazing trip, but, there was always room for a little more rest, like now, sprawled out on the bed and feeling happy and sun-baked.
Either way, at 21, Tony managed to have the attitude of a 15 year old, which was mildly hilarious, because he was smarter than people twice his age. He was serious, when he had to be. He could be respectful, when he wanted to be. Most of the time though, he found a sense of satisfaction in getting the upper hand in a conversation, in twisting words around to get what he wanted, whether by outsmarting his conversation partner or turning on the charm. For every bit a brat Tony was, he was equally charming, and that was really the kicker. It was how he kept people around, how he stretched people to the limits of their patience and left them coming back for more.
“You can shut your mouth, or I’ll find something to fill it,” Steve growled, and the way Tony’s breath hitched sent heat straight to his cock. That was a fantastic idea, actually. Tony was always gagging for it, sometimes literally, and Steve didn’t think he could take any more of that smart mouth right now. Tony wanted to play? Fine.
Of course he was thinking about the night before, of the way it felt to have Tony against him, the soft, pleading way he’d asked for a kiss, and told Steve he loved him. He was wondering now if Tony really meant it, if he wanted more, wanted to make something out of the two of them. He thought about it for hours, laying on the couch last night, trying to fall asleep.
The soldier’s heart clenched a little. Tony wasn’t exactly shy about speaking his mind, or his feelings, but the most earnest declarations were always spoken like this, with just the two of them, whenever the brunet was feeling vulnerable. Steve couldn’t fathom what was running through his mind exactly, what made his voice change pitch just slightly, what made the hand grasping his shirt tighten a fraction, but he didn’t have to know to feel the insistence, the complexity of his partner’s emotions. Tony was making it really difficult to stay angry, at least for the moment. He had a way of twisting Steve’s heartstrings, clouding his judgment. He supposed it went both ways though.
“I don’t…You should hear it from the doctor,” she said, avoiding his gaze, and panic bubbled up in Tony’s chest.
Tony didn’t say anything for a moment. He was silent on the line, save for his breathing, which gradually got harsher, until he let out a breath to calm himself. There was a pause, between his breaths and Steve’s. Each second of silence made Steve more anxious, more afraid.
Tony grinned at him, his dark eyes filled with affection, a little darker still with his obvious arousal.
Tony wiggled his hips back into Steve’s hands, pressed his forehead against the bed. “I’d prefer yours, but I’ll find another one to do the job if you won’t,” he threatened. It was an empty threat, and they both knew it, but it was still enough to get Steve’s jealousy going, to dig in under his skin.
The world seemed to melt away entirely. Just one single word cut through the pain in Steve’s neck, the fear and tension and anger he’d been suffering through this week, though it couldn’t cut away the shame, the guilt, and the ache of regret.
“You always talk a big game, but when it comes down to it, you’re just a little brat who can’t take what he dishes out.”
Steve wanted that too. The future was so much more open, sexually, and there were things he’d read about or heard about, or even seen on the internet that intrigued him, and he knew he could come to Tony with any of it, with questions or suggestions or wishes, and that his wishes would be granted without judgment. It felt wonderful, having that assurance, that comfort, that understanding.
His hand shook around the door handle, and he wasn’t sure how long he would have stood there, paralyzed with fear, with anticipation, too afraid to open it. But even through the door he could hear Tony’s crying, thanks to his sensitive ears.
By the time he was properly ready to go to bed though, it was late, and Steve was already asleep at his side, breathing deeply and at peace. A surge of love bloomed in Tony’s heart at the sight, squeezed it tight. He never thought he’d have Steve in his life like this, like he had for a few months now.
Tony did without complaint. Funny how he could always listen, always behave, when they were in bed. It was fucking frustrating that he was so defiant in other cases.
, he did. It excited him, and he could never figure out quite why. It was…grounding, he supposed, made him aware of every inch of himself, of the way it felt. It made him aware of the distance between him and everything else, between the world in his brain and the real world, out there, and it made him feel more…connected.
Sam took a deep breath, tried to think of how to respond. “I guess the only thing to do is wait and see. Maybe the right choice will become clear for us.”
Steve sat up, settled beside him on the couch again. “No problem. But you know, we do have to get our story straight at some point before you go home.”
The tiny bakery was surprisingly impressive. Of course they had their selection of apple-flavored pastries, but they weren’t limited strictly. There were a lot of mixtures and unique flavors, reasonably priced too, so Steve understood why this place had its local claim to fame. He wasn’t in a mood for a pastry himself, but gladly tried a cup of apple cider. According to the employees, it was the best north of Albany, and he was inclined to agree. Tony got himself an apple cider donut, and judging by the little moan he let out when he took a first bite, it was plenty good too.
“I thought it shouldn’t be collecting dust anymore. I thought her records deserved to be danced to, at least one more time.”
He was sure he’d be stuck in this moment of suspension forever, but Steve, thankfully, broke the spell.
“No bike?” Tony asked, taking in the car before him as they walked. He stumbled a little, but recovered, didn’t have the energy to feel embarrassed about it.
It was Steve’s turn to groan, and he couldn’t help but thrust his hips forward a little then, turn to capture the brunet’s lips. “I do want it,” he replied. “I just wanted to play with you a while first, make you feel good.”
Steve kept sliding into his throat (Four? Five times?), suffocating him, pushing to the edge, and letting him float back down, in a way that was entirely too much but not enough at all, that just made him more desperate and eager, turned him into a whiny, pliable mess.
If Tony had really been assaulted, shouldn’t the authorities have been alerted? Shouldn’t the bastards be arrested? Steve would’ve called them himself, if he had more information to go on. He wasn’t surprised Tony was having a hard time getting the words out. Maybe he was afraid, or ashamed, or just
many times have I said to be careful? This is exactly what I was scared about! T-this is—oh god, what if they’re…
It was kind of quiet in their part of the Compound right now, quieter than Tony anticipated. Normally around this time, they’d be playing with Peter, letting him experiment with all sorts of enriching toys, spoiling him with affection with the TV on in the background, but right now, it was quiet. Their side of the Compound was quieter in general, thanks to some sound-proofing, but it was
“It won’t be too long,” he said, and smiled a little. “If you haven’t noticed already, you’re really fucking hot.”
of the things Tony talked him into doing. It was a challenge this time, really, because Tony knew he liked challenges, and Tony liked to push his buttons, and to push his luck. So maybe Steve shouldn’t have been surprised that he agreed, because he usually did. What could he say? Tony simply had a way with words.
Steve let out a little sigh, and Tony knew he was shaking his head, could see it in his peripheral vision.
“I know we may never have what we had. I don’t know if you’ll ever be able to let me in again, but if you do, if you give me this one chance, this one
Steve got the message, with the way Peter leaned forward, and handed the kid to the other Alpha, brushed his hair back. “What do you say half an hour or so and then we head back to the house?” he asked, and bent down to run his hand through the water.
“That doesn’t surprise me in the least,” Steve replied, and he patted Tony’s thighs where they were framing his waist. “You know exactly how to get what you want, huh?”
He loved how much Steve cared, how protective and kind he was. He was a perfect gentleman most of the time, and a little shit the other part of the time, and it was a mixture of personality that kept Tony’s rapt attention, left him excited and pleasantly surprised even after being together so long. His heart still pounded whenever Steve smiled at him a certain way, or found new words to compliment him. Tony didn’t take well to stagnation, and Steve was anything but stagnating. He could be predictable, like anyone, but never ceased to find ways to amaze Tony.
. They had to be presentable at another one of his father’s stupid parties, surrounded by people that Tony couldn’t give two fucks about, and that he never wanted to see again. Jarvis was on vacation, and had been for the last two weeks, and Rhodey was away with the Air Force, so Steve was honestly the only person Tony could bear to spend more than five seconds around. Could he be blamed for wanting a slice of gorgeous, All-American pie?
