Before he could even think of answering he could hear her slamming her door.  Par for the course in his interactions with her.  Never gave him the time of day, or so much as a smile, but whenever she wanted something done, suddenly she remembered she had a neighbour.  Dean flipped her off even as he picked up his cell and dialled.
When Cas ended the call, Dean’s evil grin convinced him that the community was going to get that kick up the backside, and about time too.
He was just about to call the building supervisor, when his long suffering door submitted to some more pounding.  The screeching tones of Mrs Murray’s voice came through loud and clear despite the sturdiness of the door.
Even at his most love happy Dean found the seclusion grating on his nerves. Cas’ presence made the ordeal infinitely more manageable, but Dean had always been an independent outdoor kinda guy, and he missed that. On top of that, everyone was understandably on alert, and that kind of environment did not make for a relaxed atmosphere. So each day was a strange mix of boredom and anxiety.
“We have had preliminary discussions with the federal agents and we hope to have a plan in place soon. Just... keep doing what you normally do, and keep an eye out for anything untoward and make sure you report it, no matter how inconsequential it seems.”
“Thought you might like to know that Crowley has been caught and he’s on his way to a secure facility.”
“Oh, my god, you are going to be Castiel Novak’s guide? He is amazing! He cracked a major case of guide abuse, he’s a founder of The Guide Sanctuary and and... He is a legend!” – and at Dean’s baffled look, he scowled – “What, how can you not know that?”
Well, it hadn’t taken as long as Dean hoped for the shit to hit the fan. He didn’t catch the start of Crowley’s rousing speech, but as the volume increased the last part became loud and clear. Any other time he’d find it amusing, but the stakes were a little too high for comfort. He wiped his sweating palms on his jeans, made sure he was tucked well out of sight, and remained hyper vigilant.
Castiel had been moving closer, attempting to be nonchalant about it, and failing spectacularly. Dean was not putting up with that shit, and aggressively moved forward right into Castiel’s space, startling him and causing him to automatically step back. Dean smirked at Castiel’s blush. The sentinel was not quite so self assured when he added, foolishly hopeful –
“While this guy is a threat none of us is safe. I don’t want to live like that, and I sure as hell don’t want my family to live like that either. So we do this.”
Still, today is the day.  He’s made no bones about his views on the matter, and gleefully scuppered all attempts to chivvy him out of his cynical views.  Joke’s on you for believing this saccharine shit.  He made sure to take the day off.  Partly to underscore his contempt for the whole notion of it, partly to secure himself from any untoward acts of fate.  She was a bitch, and it would be really embarrassing to fall prey to her machinations after all.
Still somewhat in a daze, Dean let himself back into the building and wandered to his apartment, leaving the door open in invitation.
Gabriel had kept quiet up to now, but Cas noticed that the indolent amusement he generally sported had given way to sharp interest.
He felt the gentle reassuring squeeze on his hand and when he gathered his cojones to look up, Castiel was leaning in closer, all earnest eyes – “I assure you, I’m screaming on the inside.”
Castiel was practically glowing. Even if Dean’s curiosity was disguised as information for his brother, it was clear that he himself was interested. And Castiel was keen to engage Dean in all areas in which their lives could interact.
Dean didn’t trust himself with speaking to Castiel, so he texted him with date, time and place, stressing that it was just for a chat and he shouldn’t get any ideas. Barely two minutes later Castiel replied, leaving Dean uneasy about agreeing to this meeting, seeing the sentinel again and wondering what the hell they could possibly have in common. The coffee and pie had better be phenomenally good.
They both smiled into their coffees.  Then the full weight of what happened seemed to hit Dean anew.
Castiel tried to ignore the painful disappointment that had suddenly hollowed him out. Dean was upset, and rightly so.
Cas nodded in a this-is-a-perfectly-sensible-strategy way and admitted that “Gabriel warned me of my mother’s plans for today, and kindly offered his flat in order for me to escape them.”
Castiel paused, watching Dean carefully. Outwardly Dean didn’t so much as twitch, but he was aware that sentinels were capable of picking up on all sorts of tells. Well, fuck them, still not admissible in court.
“I should warn you.  He’s a slippery customer, that one.  He might seem like just any other bumbling city slicker, but boy does he have the gift of the gab.  The stories he told me to get me on his side...” – Dean whistles in appreciation of the fantastic whoppers Castiel obviously has regaled him with.  Castiel watches his masterful performance from his imprisonment with a mix of annoyance and admiration.  Dean should have been an actor.
“Uhm, I’m sorry, sir, but I have no idea. We could use the standard drug, but since we would have to guess the dosage, it could be very dangerous for the guide.”
That would definitely count as a robust argument to never ever bond. Castiel seemed to be having way more fun than the topic warranted. Ok, so Dean was a pie man. So sue him. Pie was a staple as far as he was concerned, and a grand tradition. He was not going to compromise.
Dean was not the type to back down, even if he was pretty sure Castiel did not mean it as a challenge.
The writing is going better than I thought, so here's an extra chapter for this week.  If this continues I might be able to update twice a week.
Dean gives Castiel a much more thorough look, scanning him from top to bottom, nodding to himself in confirmation as he takes in his good quality clothing, practical yet elegant; finally resting on his face, and lingering there.  He licks his lips.  Then he seems to shake himself loose from whatever thoughts have taken hold and his expressive green eyes settle on Castiel’s own with a determined look.
“The money is unimportant. I tracked you because you are the first guide I’ve come across that I felt any inclination to bond with. And yes, I’m aware that you must have little interest in this, since you are not registered. But I’m asking you to give me a chance. To show you that being a guide needn’t be some form of drudgery. I’m guessing that’s why you didn’t register.”
The problem was that his parents had always considered him the sensible one of the family, and though they had tried to be level headed and just in the handling of their brood, Castiel’s version of whatever trouble had arisen was often the one believed. And not just because he was a sentinel. This had resulted in a far more fair dispensation of family justice, but had hardly endeared him to his brothers. Some sibling resentment still lingered, and he was not as close to them as they were to each other.
“Nothing worthwhile is easy to come by. We have differences, sure, but I believe your situation has led you to the life you now have, not some inherent criminal tendency.” And as Dean looked about to butt in – “Hear me out, please. I... did a little research on you.”
And he looked so completely confused that Dean’s anger abated somewhat, and with a little more control but no politeness whatsoever he managed to ask –
Dean smirked at Crowley’s profuse swearing. Whatever happened it was good to know he had at least thrown a spanner in the works. He could hear him talking to his goons, followed by sounds of activity. Then silence. He was beginning to dislike that ominous absence of sound. Crowley was up to something and he remained alert to any attempt to reach him. A few minutes passed, then Dean heard the unmistakeable sounds of a helicopter approaching. For one heart leaping moment, he thought the white hats had finally arrived, until he noticed there were no markings on the black copter. And a man at the door with ... a weird ass frikking
bad.  He’s pretty sure his life is in no danger, but he needs to puncture Dean’s confidence and convince him to release him.  Dragging a prisoner with him is not practical – it will attract unwanted attention and require explanations, and possibly cause delay to Dean’s escape plans.  And they can hardly avoid all hamlets and towns since they’ll need revictualling.  He has to admit that Dean is handling himself pretty well out here, but he still doesn’t think that would include knowing how to hunt his own food.  He is a city boy, after all.
Some of the tension left Cas as he laughed at the image, Dean smiling at him fondly. They leisurely finished their beer, then Dean took both their bottles and placed them on the coffee table.
He tried not to wonder what was taking so long for the rescue party to get here. Maybe they were still on the way or were planning the best time to make their move. Or maybe Ania had been forced to reveal the presence of the chip. His hand automatically went to the back of his neck, which he realised was ridiculous since there was no way he could tell if the chip was working just by touch. Still, feeling the little bump felt like a promise of rescue, a physical link to his sentinel. He sighed and leaned back in the chair. It was late and this whole day had been exhausting. He levered himself up from the table with some effort, and was too tired to even bother with his usual routine. He just lay on the bed and was out like a light.
Before he could worry about whether he could do so with the state he was in, he noticed that the pain was lessening. And as it receded, he was aware that there was a scent he was unfamiliar with, which definitely hadn’t been there when he left the house. It was fresh, enticing, like walking through woods in spring rain.
“My brother thinks you are the second coming. So you can tell me all about that guide refuge you set up. It’ll make Sammy’s day.”
Dean looks up at the ceiling, a little mental calculation clearly running through his mind.  Except his calculation involves how much extra time he can give himself rather than the arrival time of his imaginary colleague.
“Is that so? You know the houses set up for sentinel and guide abuse. Do you really believe that most of the inmates have been victims of kidnapping, that they were sold off on the black market, that they were force bonded? I hate to shatter your idealistic illusions, but I have access to confidential information on those places, and the background of both victim and perpetrator, which I’m happy to share with you.”
“I hoped you wouldn’t hold it against her. It would help her case if you were to give a statement in her defence.”
He sighed and accepted the proffered bottle, pushing the cold glass against his forehead.  Even if Dean had not been his guide, that would have been enough indication of the kind of day Cas had experienced.
Cas smiled, but it didn’t contain the usual amount of radiant sunshine. Something was definitely up.
Dean looked torn and a little lost, but still pissed. The sentinel’s control was wavering. He longed to embrace his guide and soothe him, but he knew if he did he’d likely spook him further. And get a black eye into the bargain.  All this information must be overwhelming to someone who had never bothered with it before.
Hey, might as well act like one, then.  Sam was like a dog with a bone and just the thought of having to field another annoying speech on the subject was giving Dean a headache. Especially without a pre-emptive shot of caffeine.
“I can assure you that if Agent Dziadulewicz had not complied with my request, I never would have hurt the child. I would have conceded temporary defeat and returned her.”
Still smiling he heaves himself up and grabs the man’s arm to get him back on his feet too.  He dusts both himself and his captive down.  He grabs his own kerchief from around his neck and dips it in the stream.  He tries not to laugh as he wipes dust and dirt from the man’s face, but his efforts are not appreciated as the scowl intensifies making him look more and more like an angry ruffled cat.
He watched as Crowley climbed into the copter, lifting up as soon as his foot left the ground. One of the helicopters immediately veered off in his direction and followed. The other landed in the garden, dispersing whatever goons were around. Not that they could get very far, considering the flotilla of cars swarming the road out of the mansion.
He grinned evilly, watching Michel’s eyes widen in shock. He moved back to his siblings, glancing back at Dean with a pissy look. Cas looked back at Dean with a barely contained smile and was rewarded with a cheeky wink.
Michael was slumped against the passenger door of his car, looking like a kicked puppy. Luke was not done yet. Oh yeah, he could definitely see whose plan this was. He still looked too pleased with himself.
Castiel ponders this carefully.  Has he?  He remembers a time when he helped Gabriel with his studies.  In his foolish naivety he saw nothing untoward in becoming a teacher when he was older.  His parents made it clear that no Novak would debase themselves in such a manner.  His future lay in making a good connection and following in his father’s business.  Both prospects became more and more abhorrent as he grew older (and realised what his father’s business actually entailed) and eventually there was a huge falling out, and here he was.
There’s a small part of Dean (ok, not so small) that is hopeful as to Castiel’s presence in Haven.  But he doesn’t want to presume, and it’s always possible that Cas’ awesome tracking skills were employed for the sole purpose of giving Dean the ass kicking he’s surely due.  After all, Dean can’t forget how they parted, and he wasn’t even the injured party.
“As you so rightly pointed out a while ago, I am a ‘city slicker’” – wow, actual finger quotes – “from a wealthy family.  I believe my education is quite sufficient for this position.”
When he finally managed to find it, he dived into the fridge and pantry and brought out the burgers and buns. A few minutes later he was shovelling away, while Cas and Sam picked at their food in desultory bites.
Castiel laughed, and the sound sent shivers down his body, pooling in his guts almost painfully. Seriously, fuck this guide shit. And fuck this food. Is this what passed as apple pie in this god forsaken culinary hell hole? Dean pushed the plate away with a disgusted grunt. Sentinel food sucked big time.
Dean slipped past the desk and bent down to pull on the handles. It was locked and the key was nowhere to be seen. He quickly pulled out his lock picking tools and in a couple of minutes he had the cabinet doors opened wide. He smirked at the sight. Snuggled inside was the squat form of the safe, and what was even more of a bonus, it was one he knew well. Two years old, allegedly the best model at the time. But by now, eminently openable with the right skill set. Dean smiled and got down to work.
He assumed that Crowley’s men had found a way to stop Cas from following him, but felt sure in some indefinable way that he was unharmed and was surprised at the strength and confidence of that thought.
There was a lull as that thought sunk in, together with a pleasant loosening of tension inside Dean.
“I don’t see the problem. He’s obviously just playing hard to get, hoping he can squeeze you for a little more now that you’ve made it clear money is no object. Guides are just people after all. Buy him a new car, show him how you can shower him with money and he’ll sign up for the gig.”
“He should have left immediately after I sent the telegram, so he should be about half way here by now.  I reckon late afternoon tomorrow,” – there’s a little hum, a see sawing of his splayed hand – “maybe early evening.”
The agent shook his hand and smiled. Dean smiled back, then shook Martinez’s hand. Martinez was majorly ripped, and no suit was going to hide that bulk, which pretty much advertised ‘mess at your own risk’. So did his face. Serious and focused, his silence a bit disturbing. Ania was pretty much everything Martinez wasn’t. For a start she was a hot chick. As tall as Dean, with long legs and raven locks, and a smile that could turn most people’s knees to jelly. Dean’s preferences tended to veer towards guys, but he had enjoyed sex with women as well. If Cas hadn’t been in the picture, he would certainly be tapping that. Something must have shown in his face, Martinez’s fake cough jolting him from his musings.
Dean invited Martinez to at least grab a slice of pie, but again he declined. Yeah, it wasn’t Dean’s imagination that the man seemed a little uncomfortable, and looked more serious than ever.
Dean tapped the steering wheel of his baby in time with the tune playing in his head. He waited until the end of the song to check his watch again, then shifted in the seat, trying to release the tension in his muscles. Waiting was a bitch.
He looks up and freezes.  Agent Novak is casually leaning against the hitching post, and Dean’s brain does a complicated mix of delight and dread.
Once the laughter dies down – the sheriff’s could not be defined as anything but a high pitched giggle – the questions return to business, such as when Dean’s colleague is due to arrive.
Wow, that voice was making it difficult to walk. Dean nodded, not trusting his own voice, and scampered inelegantly to the en suite bathroom. Everything felt heightened, the colours around him sharper. He was very aware of his own breathing and the prickle of sweat at the back of his neck.
What followed were two hours of brain storming. The agents at once put Cas and Dean’s minds at rest when it came to their fears that the abduction attempt might be made on the Novak property itself, where Cas’ family could end up as collateral damage. Crowley was a cunning opportunist. He would be unlikely to try and gain entry to a well defended area when he could much more easily abduct Dean, say, on the road. That such a chance for him to do so should present itself was the job of the agents to devise.
“Yeah?  Well, you do have that forbidding look going for you there.  Can’t imagine any student giving you shit.  I certainly wouldn’t.”
“I’m sure you are right. And if I find nothing, I’ll expand my search. But I think I found what I’m looking for.”
When the waiter arrived he practically tripped on his words in his hurry to get them out. He was not nervous, just really desperate for that coffee. And he needed that sugary rush from the pie. All the energy and alertness he needed to deal with this sentinel, who was still smiling at him like he hung the damn moon. Of course once the waiter had left with their order, they were alone again, with no large papery wall between them. Just that adoring look across the table.
“Most of those offenders are law enforcement officers, members of the army, and other such glorious ‘protectors’. And do you know why? Because being so fawned upon by our society, they get first pick of guides. That kind of entitlement breeds contempt, my dear. They don’t have to pay for them, or god forbid, bother to get to know them. They are just there so that they can do their glorious work, and if for some reason they fall short of expectation or might have wishes and opinions of their own, well, jolly bad luck.”
Castiel knows how to deal with a captive, though he’s not normally in the position of being one.  Harder for Dean to know quite how to manage the slightly awkward silence that descends after their meal, and which is now stretching even more uncomfortably between them.  Castiel doesn’t mind silences.  He’s content to ride it out, though he has the absurd notion that maybe he should help Dean.  He is disconcerted by this unexpected surge of sympathy and counteracts it by reasoning that getting Dean to talk about himself and his situation would be advantageous.  He might let something slip that could help the agency find him.
He rolled his eyes at Castiel holding the door open for him, and strode inside. Truth was, the confidence was a little forced. This was a sentinel friendly café, something he had always avoided for obvious reasons, and even though he was perfectly capable of getting rid of unwanted attention, the place still made his skin itch. Castiel of course could sense something was up.
Dean eventually resurfaced at nearly ten in the morning.  Screw it, this was his kind-of-holiday.  He shuffled to the bathroom and emerged feeling a little more human and ready to (possibly) battle the day.  Toast and coffee would reaffirm his sense that all was well with his life, and all
Dean lifted his hand and laid it on Castiel’s. He lingered for a moment enjoying the comfort and then gently tugged the sentinel’s hand away, clearing his throat.
A beat of silence, then they both dissolved into (manly) giggling.  Cas was giving him the gummiest smile, and as Dean wiped tears of laughter from his eyes, he was overtaken by a warm wave of affection for this dorky little guy.  Once they’d stopped setting each other off, Castiel opened up about his own doubts.
Castiel made it out the door in time to see a car speeding away down the driveway. His sentinel vision had recovered enough to allow him to ascertain that it was a classic car, possibly a late sixties Dodge Charger or Impala. If he hadn’t been dazzled by the light, he could have grabbed the plate number too. But still, he couldn’t help smiling. No doubt the thief had not expected anyone to interrupt him, and certainly not a sentinel, or he wouldn’t have chosen such a vehicle. So, a little cocky but very clever. Castiel’s spirit soared. He was the one, and Castiel could find him with that information.
He stood up so quickly he almost fell back on his ass, but there was a grip on his arm, a lifeline, and words coming through to him as if from far away.
Or at least Cas thought that’s what Dean was saying, judging by his blissed out expression and chipmunk filled cheeks. Sam was looking on, a relieved smile vying with the horrified look in his eyes which conveyed what he thought of his brother’s table manners. The agents were still checking out the mansion and processing the perps, but Dean had been so hungry that as soon as he had managed to untangle himself from Cas he had dragged him in search of the kitchen. He knew Crowley had done his homework, so there was likely delicious Dean style food waiting for him. Hopefully without added drugs, but his sentinel could sniff those out, so there.
His veneer of professionalism is further disturbed when Dean’s fingers move from his lips and begin to pat him down.  His other hand is also busy checking his left trouser pocket.  The hands reverse position and there’s a “Aha!” as Dean finds Castiel’s credentials in the inner pocket of his coat.  Dean unfolds the document and reads it carefully.  It’s on embossed letterhead confirming Castiel’s identity as a bone fide agent.  Castiel does not like the smile Dean gives him as he folds the letter back into its envelope and slips it into his own inner jacket pocket.
and all that shit. He needed something straightforward to expend this energy on. He grabbed his jacket and walked out the house, Sammy’s concerned enquiries unanswered.
He went to the window, opened it and leant out as far as he could, checking below and to the sides to make sure no one happened to be looking his way. When it was clear that anyone around was busy with preparations to leave, he turned to look upwards. Yesterday evening a fleeting glimpse had shown him a peaked roof with two old fashioned brick chimneys. From his position he could see the very top of one of them. The building itself looked to offer very few frankly treacherous hand and foot holds, but luckily there was some fancy ass but sturdy looking projecting ledge running round the outside of the house, which he hoped was going to bear his weight. He shuffled on his bottom on the window ledge until he could lower himself the couple of feet to the jutting frame, then gingerly tested it before letting go.
His shaky voice belied the truth, and when he opened his eyes, there was the man, his overwhelming presence almost too much to take in.  Almost.  Some primal part of his mind (the one that wasn’t currently running around trying to find its metaphorical ass) was definitely appreciating the aesthetic jackpot before him, because
He stood in shock, hand on doorknob, heart in throat, stranger filling his vision and... nothing.  He noisily blew out a breath, clutching his chest as relief flooded him, releasing a nervous chuckle, his hand on the doorknob a death grip as he stood on wobbly knees.  The man watched him warily, clearly assessing possible dangers and then regarded his underwear with judging eyebrows.  Shit!  He mumbled a “oops, sorry, hang on...”, before he shut the door and scampered to retrieve his sweatpants to cover the little red hearts on a pink background.
). He shook his head to rid himself of this extraneous junk, then winced at the pain. He tried to centre himself, as they taught at sentinel academy, before attempting to engage his senses on whatever it was that had gripped his attention.
“I could give you a list of all the coffee shops that are sentinel friendly. And restaurants. He might want to make it more than coffee. And he should get to know what you are like when you eat. If that doesn’t put him off, nothing will.”
Once he ended the call he was aware that Luke’s phone had started ringing, and from the look on his face when he answered, it was Cas tearing him a new one. Good. Luke looked pissed but also embarrassed. He had obviously involved Guide Services in an attempt to upset both Cas and himself, the little shit. And judging by Michael’s behaviour throughout, enlisted a less than enthusiastic brother.
No, the problems were just regular relationship stuff.  That shit’s hard, and Dean had tried, he really had, but he’d failed.  How much more pressure would there be with an actual soulmate, someone who everyone thought would be a perfect match?  He was just a screw up and it was best not to drag another person down with him.  Seriously, he’d be doing his future soulmate a favour.
A warning snort, a quick hoof stamp, and Dean has already pushed off from his position just in time to avoid the tackle.  A struggle ensues, but the attacker has lost the advantage of surprise and Dean has a mean right hook.  The man falls back almost under Impala’s hoofs and scrambles to escape being trampled, just in time to be tackled onto his front by Dean and pinned down.  A glint of silver pokes out of the stranger’s coat pocket and Dean quickly settles the cuffs on him before flopping on his back beside him.
Dean looks up right into Castiel’s eyes, and can barely breathe at the intensity he sees there.  Castiel moves closer, removing all personal space between them.  Telegraphing his intentions clearly he slowly lifts his hand up to Dean’s cheek, his thumb stroking tenderly.  Dean’s eyes flutter closed with a sigh as Castiel leans forward and with the barest brush of plush lips sends his heart thundering into his ears.
Well, that did wonders for the tension in the room. The situation was bad enough without contemplating the possibility that Dean might end up being sold off to a possibly untraceable stranger. Cas couldn’t keep the anguish from his face as he stared at Gabriel. Dean sighed.
Meanwhile a team dispatched to find Ania was met by her car coming back to the mansion and that’s when the full story came out. After receiving a text with her daughter’s photo she had been instructed to bring Dean out within ten minutes if she wished to see her again. She was forced to reveal the existence of the chip, although it was evident that Crowley was just getting confirmation of his own suspicions. He must have anticipated such a move, since the equipment to block the signal had clearly already been installed in the getaway car.
I am the worst. But thanks for sticking it out with me anyway. Here it is! The fourth chapter! And do I sense the hint of a plot emerging from the fluff??? Can it be????? Oh my! Shocking! (I'm pathetic.)
The curtain of the dressing stall slides open. Dean tenses immediately, but Cas has thankfully shed the skintight jeans of before for a more practical pair. He also wears a hoodie layered beneath a leather jacket and Charlie is beside herself. She slides off the couch again to circle around him, making adjustments here and there and tugging at the clothes. While she prattles on about ‘fit’ and ‘style,’ Dean allows his thoughts to wander. Charlie’s right – about the tracking being unreliable. Crowley could easily stash his phone around Lebanon before jetting off to someplace shadier.
“Wait a minute.” Sam pauses and thoughtfully appraises Charlie. “How do you even know Cas used to wear a trench coat?”
“Nice to meet you Kevin,” says Charlie, turning to Dean with a painfully neutral expression. There’s another lull in the conversation. “Well. This is just a party!”
His dreams were normally re-runs: repeats of his greatest hits and conquests or, more often, a series of brutal and unrelenting nightmares. Sometimes he rehashed old failures and mistakes. Sometimes these horrors mutated into entirely different beasts. Sometimes his memories of hell mixed with reality in the pursuit of un-matched terror. But, regardless, there was always a blue streak of recognition. His dreams were always familiar and this dream was not. He couldn’t even identify pieces of his experiences that had perhaps been sculpted into something new. It was all fresh out of the packaging.
He quickly stows the blade in his inside jacket pocket and starts sprinting through the forest. Branches whip past his ears and scrape up his neck, but he doesn't stop. If it weren't for the light cresting over the hill now, streaming through the tops of the trees and casting a golden haze over the trail, Dean might expect to meet a vampire around the next corner. He might expect Benny to sneak up from behind it while Dean does his best imitation of helpless bait. He might huddle up against a tree to get some sleep while Benny keeps watch. He might dream of Cas by a river, drinking in the gloom of the world around him. Drowning in it...
The lamp also illuminates Cas, who blinks wearily in an attempt to adjust to the lighting shift. He looks just as tired as he did at dinner, maybe even more so. He doesn’t wobble one way or another as he leans against the couch, but stays stiff. It’s only his face that gives away his true exhaustion. The circles under his eyes are dark and prominent. They never used to get that way. Dean lifts himself into a sitting position on the couch, his back against the arm, his legs stretched out on the seat.
It’s why The Men of Letters chose to erect their home base in the middle of such an antiquated world. They recognized the timelessness of the people and their lives. They knew this tradition would carry on and their secrets would forever remain hidden behind hospitality and faultless courtesy. They knew they had nothing to fret in little God-fearing Lebanon.
“I’m not sure how to explain it,” says Cas, finally. “Before now his questions would have upset me, maybe made me uncomfortable given their implications, but the rage – that was something new. Not like any rage I’ve felt before. It was as if a dam inside of me had reached capacity and burst. Everything behind it came out, not just what was relevant. It’s a very particular way of feeling.” With an air of chagrin, Cas sits down on the edge of his bed. “I don’t know if I’m making any sense.”
Cas grabs his untouched glass of wine and flings it across the room. It shatters against the stone wall and the explosion of glass throws burgundy liquid all over a set of nearby book shelves.
Dean finds himself outside Castiel’s bedroom, a fist held inches from the surface of the shut door. He stands there, frozen like an idiot, and tries to decide whether having this conversation with Cas is even worth it. It’s not like he can just snap Cas out of whatever mood he’s in. He’s not a freaking miracle worker. So why in the hell do Kevin and Sam expect Dean to know how to make it all better? What do they expect him to be able to accomplish here?
worthless. I don’t know how many times I gotta say it before sticks in that birdbrain of yours… but I – we –
Dean stares at Cas for a moment and then reaches down to grasp the other man firmly beneath both arms. He grips the strong length of ribcage just below Cas’s armpits and heaves his torso to the right. Cas drops onto his side and nearly drags Dean down with him, but the hunter catches himself on the edge of the coffee table. Using a similar method as before, he tugs Cas’s body along until his head is far enough down the couch to allow room for his feet to rest on the other end. Dean lifts Cas’s legs onto the cushions and throws a blanket over top of them. Again, he goes to turn out the light and stops.
a purge. He paid his dues. He stripped himself down to the basest form and it allowed him to rebuild from the ground up. Dean remembers that he is a newly made man – formed from the dust of monsters twice dead. He does not answer to a God or a father any longer. He answers to his own call.
He leaned forward to touch his forehead to Castiel’s and Cas responded with minimal surprise at the gesture. Their noses slid against each other as they hesitantly crossed a line into unmapped territory. They stayed there, just like that for some time. It was a contented, but charged sort of contact. Their mouths hovered near each other, but didn’t touch. Dean could feel the warmth of Castiel’s breath pass over his slightly parted lips and slowly —painfully slowly— he moved forward to close the remaining space between them. Each movement was equally terrifying and exhilarating.
“Of course,” shrugs Cas. “If it’s rare, as you say, whoever wears it should… appreciate it.  I’m afraid I don’t quite qualify in that aspect.” He glances down at his front and smiles a sad little smile.
Dean considers this and what it means when Cas appears beside him as if from nowhere. He jumps and sloshes a bit of scotch down his front.
Dean turns to head up the staircase, but for the second time that morning he’s stopped dead in his tracks by an obscenely loud noise. This time, he’s frozen with laughter instead of fear as Kevin’s frustrated cry reverberates through the large open rooms of the bunker.
Charlie stops trying to measure Cas’s waist with her hands. They can all hear the poorly concealed anguish in his gravelly tones. Dean forgets sometimes that the angels are actually Cas’s family. It’s not really fair of him to forget, but he does. As much as Cas is mourning the loss of his grace, he’s also mourning the loss of something far greater. It’s hard to understand the scale of such a loss. Dean imagines Cas in his old suit – a black tie done the wrong way around instead of a blue one – leaning over some sort of immense grave. Flowers in hand, he places them on the mass of winged bodies. It’s a funeral every day for Cas in some respects. Dean’s had those days. He remembers them well.
“No!” Sam raises his voice and the sudden increase in volume makes Dean flinch against the concrete. “I
“I’M GOING OUT,” he yells to no one. The echoes of his shout only serve to clang around in his skull. He refuses to sit and wallow when he could be fighting. Fighting the headache, the inevitable confrontation with Crowley, the perpetual guilt that accompanies being himself.
Crowley’s voice is hushed and the insistence of his and Sam’s discussion peaks Dean’s interest. Rather than strolling into the library as he’d intended to do only moments before, he pauses outside. The lights in the control room are dim and he finds it all too easy to conceal himself in the shadows. Dean presses against one of the walls and while he can’t see into the library, he can hear into it – the flipping of pages, the occasional groan of someone shifting in their chair, and the muffled hum of music that bleeds from Kevin’s earphones. Every noise reverberates crisply through the archway of the room. It’s as if the space has been miked and amplified specifically for use in eavesdropping.
“Just—” Dean sighs. “Just don’t ask him anything else about the tablet, alright? You got a question, come to me.”
“She’s right though,” pipes Crowley from the doorway of the library, “Edlund did a particularly excellent job detailing Castiel’s features. I was less than pleased with his assessment of me, but he got Cas spot on.” He steps down into the control room and Kevin follows behind him.
god. If I had only listened to any other instinct but my own, I might have had a chance... But in the end, I have always been a soldier – just an infantryman. My ego has cost me everything.I even lost the one thing that made me of use in your war and what does that leave me? What does that make me?”
“Don’t be stupid. We’re tracking him.” Dean picks at a loose thread in a seam of his jeans. Maybe he should do a little shopping for himself while they’re there.
“Alright!” he holds his hands up in surrender. “Fine. Pitch in if you want, but don’t come crying to me when Cas starts asking you to do his laundry.”
Their hug was now stretching past a reasonable length, but neither of them had the heart to pull away. Dean could hear Cas’s breath coming in shorter and shorter bursts and he could feel a knot begin to twist inside his stomach. Far on the other side of the meadow the nameless man began to laugh with uncontained glee. His kite was spinning and spiraling through the air, performing a series of acrobatics that should have grounded it. It kept flying despite this.
sure you’re about the only person I could ever say this to. So I’m gonna say it. I may not have another chance, right? I—”
“Around you, maybe,” Kevin laughs humorlessly. “Today I had to ask him a couple of questions about the angel tablet and he about tore my head off.”
“Well,” says Dean, pushing himself off the couch and wincing at the continued throbbing in his head. “Somebody took the car that night. Late. And didn’t come back for a while. Charlie’s tracker caught ‘em. Whoever did it stopped right outside of Clay Center -- about an hour or so from here. So, if it wasn’t you, and it wasn’t me…”
Sam had entered their shoddy motel room, swept past the unsightly oilcloth curtained window, and bullied a near unconscious Dean into the bathroom. It had taken Sam a couple of tries to prop Dean upright against the bacteria rich toilet bowl. Eventually he’d been successful. He’d then proceeded to open Dean’s grumbling mouth and shove his pointer and middle finger as far down his brother’s throat as was humanly possible. It was not an overly pleasant experience for either Winchester sibling.
. Please don’t hate me.” Charlie looks up through her eyelashes and bats them in what Dean considers a fairly accurate impersonation of a Disney princess. Not that he’s ever seen a Disney princess film… more than once… maybe twice…
“I don’t know. When are you making it?” Dean fires back. Crowley’s been getting on his last nerve lately. Ever since Charlie left, really. Maybe she’d thrown fuel on the back on the fire with her suspicions. Or maybe Dean’s just about fucking had it with a certain someone rearranging his t-shirt drawer when he’s not around.
“Kevin,” Charlie says. “Would you mind getting the bottles from over there? And, actually, if you’re interested in hacking stories I should really tell you about the time I completely defiled The Westboro Baptist Church homepage.”
“You think I don’t understand the gravity of the situation?” Cas asks with venom. “Do you think that I don’t know how poor my judgment has been? I
you, Cas. I—” Dean’s throat feels like it’s closing up. He chokes back whatever embarrassing insight into his mind he was about to supply.
Cas glares from his seat and turns away, but releases some of the tension he’s been holding in his shoulders. His lungs fill with air and he exhales slowly. He leans back into the seat of the Impala, closing his eyes, and the wind seems to overtake him. It whips his hair around and pulls at the edges of his shirt, rippling the cotton over his skin. Dean has to force himself to watch the road.
He’d made the executive decision to offer Charlie his room for the night and to claim the couch in the den for himself. Charlie had protested, but he’d insisted. They had more rooms of course, the bunker seemed to be a never-ending maze of a facility, but none of those rooms had been cleaned yet. They all remained frozen in time, the dust collecting on the decades-old fabric of the beds. He didn’t want Charlie holing up in an uninspected room only to discover a nest of super-spiders or else a demon who’d been tucked away there in the fifties for safe keeping and then forgotten about. Not to mention, Dean’s slept on far worse than the den’s luxurious sofa and he’ll probably only catch a few hours at most.
’) Sam and Crowley enter the kitchen. Crowley seems utterly bemused at the singing hunter, but Sam catches on quickly and joins in as Dean reaches the second chorus.
But there’s still Castiel. Castiel stays quiet and it eats away at Dean. There’s so much to be said. There’s so much Dean wants to ask, but he also doesn’t want to poke a sleeping giant. He can’t imagine what Cas is feeling… mostly because Cas won’t tell him. Sure, the guy eats and sleeps on a regular schedule. He even complains about what Crowley picked up for him at the thrift store. They all laugh at his insistence that, despite what seems to be the going trend, he’s just not a plaid
“40. Jesus. Alright, come on. Back to work. I need to beat up an old man and make myself feel better,” Dean smiles. Wide, like he hasn’t in a while. He flashes back to the first time his father let him near a set of throwing knives. Sammy had stood on the sidelines and watched, cheering whenever Dean hit a bulls-eye. His aim had earned a pat on the back from his father.
Dean is stunned momentarily. Crowley peaks his head in from the kitchen and, upon witnessing the scene, slowly retracts it again. Cas shakes and lowers himself to squat on the ground. He puts his hands on the back of his head, rips at his scalp with white knuckles, and releases one last shout of frustration. This sets Dean in motion again. He rushes to the side of his friend and kneels. Dean reaches out his hand and gently places it against Cas’s back. The fallen angel lifts his head and turns. There are tears in his eyes, magnifying and exaggerating their azure tint. He takes a shuddering breath.
“I might be able to forgive you for all the shit you’ve put me and Sammy through. I just might have it in me. But you wouldn’t even hear it! I can’t even forgive you, you son of a bitch!”
The downside to such a place is the same as its upside: There is no convenience, nor modernity. The nearest decently sized shops are a good thirty minutes west in the marginally larger borough of Smith Center. Most necessities are regularly stocked at The Lebanon General Store, but occasions like Charlie’s intended shopping spree require a bit of trip. It’s not as if Smith Center offers too much more of a selection, but it’s a considerably better spread than The Thrift ‘N Save puts forth. So, they make the drive – Charlie and Dean and Cas.
Dean nods. He isn’t buying Sam’s bullshit for a second, but it’s late and he’s not in the mood. Whatever his brother’s trying to cover up is just gonna have to wait for another day. He lets the subject drop.
“And this anger applies to Cas, how?” She rolls the back of Cas’s jeans down to check that tag too. Cas squirms and answers her query.
Dean grumbles and snatches the spray bottle of bleach from Cas’s hands. They start to tackle the mess. They work well together, mostly in silence, but Dean can’t help but feel as if there’s still distance between them. Cas moves in a controlled – almost calculated – fashion. When he does this Dean feels the oppression of it too. It’s a weight that neither of them deserves to feel. So, while they kneel, watching wasted wine saturate off-brand paper towels, Dean takes another figurative step forward.
and washing their pie tin; her making him a sandwich with the crusts cut off and smiling when he finishes the whole thing. In a moment of unusual clarity, Dean wonders if she’s why he’s drawn to food, cooking, the kitchen. It was always her place. It was
“I’m really not, Crowley,” says Sam. There’s a warning inherent in his tone. Dean recognizes it instantly, but then he’s an expert when it comes to Sam’s moods. There are markers and patterns. For example, when Sammy speaks, his voice sliding from high to low in a hurried manner, it means trouble. It means, ‘we’re done talking about this.’ John always did the same thing and knowing that saved Dean from more than a few lashings back in the day.
That responsibility falls to him now. He’s got home court advantage. His guardian angel needs a guardian of his own and it seems only fair that Dean return the favor. With one more glance at Cas’s sleeping face, Dean turns out the lamp. He uses his phone to guide himself out of the darkened room and walks slowly toward the kitchen. As he wanders the halls of The Bunker he hums a Beatles tune and contemplates just how far the tables have turned.
“You’ve got to be joking,” snorts Crowley. He clicks his tongue against the top of his mouth like an exasperated nanny.
“Well,” she says, “I think we can risk one teensy little trip topside for something as vital as this.”
Once more, I don't own Supernatural or any of the characters I've decided to take for a spin in this work. Which sounds dirty. It's not. I promise.
“Yeah. Oh.” Dean grabs his shirt off the bench to his right and pulls it over his head. “I wasn’t trying to lie. I just didn’t think you’d care to be honest.”
appeared in his dreams on a regular basis for some time. Occasionally those appearances had actually been Castiel attempting to contact his subconscious. Other times, it had just been dream Cas— a marble carved memory. Dean had only just made the decision to approach the form of his friend when he suddenly found himself standing beside the very bench his angel was hunched over.
He hears the muffled sound of morning voices from outside his bedroom door. Sam and Crowley’s mumbles linger for a moment before fading down the hall. Dean supposes he’s done enough introspection for one day and moves to slip his Men of Letters robe over his pajamas. It comforts him. It’s his. He looks around his room.
“Not on a daily basis just… sometimes. When business is slow.” Charlie smiles politely at the old woman and watches her untangle the hangers. “Mostly I hack on contract. I point out the flaws in a customer’s system by exploiting them and they shell out for the service.”
But there’s a hollowness to Cas’s interactions. He leaves the room when the angels are mentioned. He doesn’t offer information or solutions. He tries to seem as if he doesn’t care. They all know otherwise.
jeans – the legs seem almost saran-wrapped to his calves. He sloppily adjusts a skinny tie around the collar of a white button-up.
“Alright, alright. Relax.” Dean says, raising his hands. “I get it. Cas is a dick. That’s nothing new. But maybe – just for right now – you could cut the guy a little slack, eh?”
The clearing opens up to a cottage as neglected as the trail leading to it. The windows are caked with dirt, the door kicked-in and barely clinging to its rusted hinges. Dean sidesteps toward the structure. The siding hangs loose from the outside walls and the porch slopes inward, warped from years and years of moisture. Dean's heart races. His stomach fills with the familiar acid burn of adrenaline. Slowly, he makes it up the collapsing porch stairs, over the rotting floorboards, and stops to the left of the doorway. He takes a moment to breath, to observe his surroundings. The forest seems to go quiet.
"Strange how?" Dean asked, "Car making a weird noise? Sounds like, uh, coughing? That's probably just an air filter issue, no biggie."
Castiel looked up when Sam Winchester walked through the doors of the coffee shop they'd agreed to meet up at. He had met Sam through an introductory ASL class offered a few years ago at the Palo Alto Community Library. He and Sam had become fast friends, he had even been the one to introduce him to Jessica, and occasionally, they met up for coffee when Castiel had a day off.
Dr. Novak's mouth twisted and he tilted his head to the side. "We have steps we can take before that would happen. Are you familiar with a procedure called a Craniotomy?"
“Are you mad at me?” Castiel asked, and that brought Dean’s attention back. He looked so worried, eyebrows furrowed.
Castiel pulled a somber face and pushed back a little at that, “I don’t think it was a well kept secret, Dean. I actually think Charlie told you at one point.”
Dean sighed and said, "No, it's like everything is missing. Like someone erased the important shit and left me with my name and nothing else."
Dean pulled away from the curb and glanced over at him. "Uh, I don't know. I hadn't really thought that far ahead."
“Or first,” Castiel said offhandedly, “You really should’ve told me first.” Dean almost gasped and narrowed his eyes in Castiel’s direction. “I would have appreciated that.”
“Which part?” Dean asked. Cas pressed his mouth into a straight line and Dean expected him to say something snarky about his attitude. He didn’t. “Look, man, I don’t know if I even understood what she wanted me to do by talking to you. That’s what she told me to do,” he said. “Talk.” Castiel nodded. “I don’t know if she thought I’d have a come-to-Rupaul moment where I realized I wanted to be flamboyant with my flamboyant best friend or whatever–”
He pulled up some article on his phone about grilling the perfect steak when something caught his eye. He put his phone on the workbench and stood, rubbing his hands on his pants and then crossing his arms. He took a step toward the garage door of the shop and shielded his eyes from the sun with one hand. Down the drive, almost at the edge of the road, stood a man in dark clothing. He was too far away for Dean to make out any of his features, but he wasn't moving, just staring straight ahead at the shop. Dean lifted a hand and waved, but the man did nothing.
"Well what is it like?" Sam asked, unpacking one of the grocery bags while Dean did the same with the other.
Castiel pushed back his chair and stood up. He waved at Dean and Sam, giving them a smile, and then headed toward the front door. He had opened the door and taken a step out when Dean stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.
Dean read the letter quickly, and then threw it to the ground and stared up at the ceiling. Castiel pulled his eyes from the letter he'd been reading, and said, "What's wrong?"
Bobby looked at both Dean and Sam's hand of cards, and then leaned back in his seat. "What are we betting?" He asked.
Castiel watched him carefully, eyes scanning his face and then dipping somewhere below his chin. “Okay,” Cas said, wiping his hands on the oversized KU shirt Dean had gotten him two Christmases ago. Despite the ferocity Castiel painted with, and the way Cas had wiped his hands, the shirt was relatively clean. (Save for a coffee stain Cas would freak over if he noticed.) “Okay,” Cas repeated, “what do you want to do?”
"Sorry," Castiel said, "I wasn't paying attention." Dean turned to look at him. Castiel wasn't looking back. He was looking to the left, eyes wide and face chalky.
Lisa smiled again, something soft in her eyes, "Dean Winchester," she said quietly. "How did I get so lucky?"
"Sorry," Bobby said, genuinely apologetic, "I won't take a lot of your time. Just wanted to let you know that we're not opening the shop today."
Dean looked from the pictures up to Dr. Novak. He could feel his chest stuttering. Nerves and raw fear building up and rolling under his skin. His body was launching a threat. His goddamn brain was bleeding. "What happens then? What do we do? Can you fix it?"
. He couldn't actually remember who he trusted, but when the word trust popped into his brain there were at least two people who seemed to exist there.
Dean was working in Bobby's shop, bent over a minivan with a fucked carburetor the next time he saw his mother. It had been a month since Sam's high school graduation, and a couple years since Dean had started helping Bobby with the shop.  He looked up for a second because the door chimed, and there she was, standing in the doorway of the shop with her hands clasped in front of her chest. It was the middle of June, and Dean's vision swam a little with sweat and heat, so he reached up and wiped his eyes with his forearm. He blinked, and there, where his mother had been standing only a second earlier, stood a young man with dark hair.
Dean grinned, and sat back on his knees, still above Cas, to pull his shirt off. Castiel made a hungry noise in his throat and raised up on his elbows to press a tender kiss to Dean's skin. Dean was at once enthused and embarrassed - he'd put on a few pounds since graduating high school. Castiel didn't seem to care though, as he pressed kiss after kiss to the softness of Dean's stomach. Dean pushed him back down, bunching up the fabric of Castiel's own shirt and trying to get it up over Castiel's head without him sitting up. He managed after a second or two, and then his mouth descended on Castiel's again.
He turned away from the mirror, and headed into the hallway. He went into his room, keeping his breath as steady as he could. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and stared at it. Nearly 5 in the morning. He didn't think he'd been downstairs that long, but he wasn't surprised really. He'd kind of freaked out a little. Sue him. He stared across the room at his bed and the offending books on top of it. He blinked and went to his desk. He sat and put his hands in his hair. He felt weird. Heavy but too weak to support the weight. After a few minutes, Dean stood and went to his bed, picking up both books like he was afraid they might burn him. He carried them to the desk and tucked them into the bottom drawer underneath old high school textbooks he'd never bothered to return. He went back over, and laid on his bed, staring out the window. He let his head grow fuzzy, and he drifted into another bout of uneasy sleep.
Castiel embarked down the hallway, walking quickly until he was sure Gabriel had turned away out of boredom. He stopped by Mr. Smith's room, but the man was sleeping, so he continued down the hall, metal clipboard help tight in his left hand. He made his rounds, checking in idly on a few of his more critical patients, the majority of which were resting which was, decidedly, for the best.
Anna said, "Yeah you will!" and Tessa wolf-whistled. Castiel rolled his eyes, but was smiling, and he made his way to Mrs. Hutchinson's room to deliver the good news.
“Cas, man, I’ve been going out of my mind for years now trying to figure out how to tell you, and you just spring on me that you’ve known?”
Almost ten minutes passed before Castiel finally spoke, "Are you okay?" Dean didn't quite know how to answer that. Physically: yeah, mentally: as okay as he ever was, emotionally: stunted. He just looked up at Castiel and shrugged. Judging by the face Castiel made, Dean knew that he must have looked pretty sad. "What's our next step?" He asked.
“About having a date,” Dean replied without skipping a beat. “It’s fine if you do, I just assumed you’d tell me about it.”
He bent to retrieve a beer from the fridge, and then righted himself, pausing when he went to close the door. From the window above the sink, Dean saw movement. It looked to be the same man from earlier, still too far away to identify. "Sam," Dean called.
He'd just walked back in when the customer door opened and Castiel stood in the entryway holding two disposable coffee cups. Dean raised an eyebrow at him. "Need a pick me up?" Castiel asked with a smile.
Dean threw his cards down on the table, stood up, and retrieved the cold lasagna from the cold oven. "Dean, it's all right," Bobby said, "stop mother-henning."
Dean Winchester considered himself a fairly patient man. After all, in his line of work, it paid to be patient. Literally. Sometimes it took hours to find the right fix to a really big issue with a car that he hadn't even seen before. That being said though, he only had so much patience when his routine was concerned. Especially when he had work in an hour, and had already woken up late, and Sam had been in the shower for twenty minutes, and - to top it all off - they shared the one bathroom, and the hot water was sure to be depleted. He leaned his head against the wall beside the door, slinging his jeans over his shoulder so that his hand was free to bang on the door for the hundredth time.
"That's what I'm trying to figure out," Dean explained, "I don't know why he wouldn't just tell us."
Dean nodded. "Right, yeah. I know that, but he's been saving since like sixth grade, I've got about two grand saved up for him, and we have probably half of the Dead Parent Money left in the safe." He said, counting on his fingers. "We could figure it out."
The movie was fine. Probably a box office flop, but Lisa liked it and laughed in all the right places. Dean walked Lisa back to her dorm and she smiled the whole time. When she turned around, pressing her back to the door to kiss him goodnight, she stopped short and her smile faded.
Dean woke up almost two hours before his alarm which was almost never a pleasant experience. His head was swimming with sleep and his limbs felt heavy. He yawned, scratching at his leg, and then let his fingers brush experimentally across the tenting in his underwear, encouraging the pangs of budding desire.
it change anything? Dean just stared at his reflection. He felt a little better than he had when he'd come upstairs, but he still felt... well, he didn't exactly know how he felt.
“I know,” She said, smiling. “Talk to Cas. Be open with him.” She clutched Dean’s hand, and she was still looking at him like she loved him. “I’m okay with whatever you decide. Even if you decide that it’s him you want and… and not me.” She was still looking at him like she loved him so why did it feel like a goddamn breakup. She went inside without kissing him, and Dean walked back to his dormitory, kicking the rocks on the sidewalk and thinking about why Lisa suggested that he talk to Cas.
Cas sighed again, all long suffering and disdain, and then said, “Look, I shouldn't have said anything. Can’t you just forget that it happened.”
Dean took a moment before he replied, not sure if he could get through it. "I was pissing," he said, "and I went to wash my hands but she was there. In the mirror."
Dean smiled a little, finger tracing his parents' faces. The second, was a wide shot of a football game. John was holding two pom-poms above his head, serious expression etched onto his features. Mary was standing next to him, one hand on his uniformed chest, the other covering a wide laugh. The rest of the cheerleaders were around them laughing and clapping. The caption read,
Dean knew before Cas answered that he hadn’t. “I’ve been too busy.” He noticed the flowers then and said with a smile, “Hot date?” Dean’s mouth felt dry and his face went hot, but Cas had turned away before Dean spoke. Dean put his keys down and went to the kitchen, laying the bouquet on the counter. “I’m painting about Balthazar.”
Sam squinted a little, looking from Dean to the window. He stared outside for a moment, eyebrows furrowed. "Uh," he began, "no. I don't think I see anyone." He looked at Dean again, who was still looking outside, staring right at the guy.
"Hey, Cas, do you maybe wanna get dinner sometime?" Dean asked, corner of his mouth picking up in his trademark smirk. Castiel blinked at him. "I mean, I'd like to get to know you better. Feel like we'd have a lot in common." Castiel was watching him shyly, face tinting pink. "Plus, you're easy on the eyes."
"There aren't any indicators are there?" Sonya asked tensely. Mrs. Hutchinson was well loved around there.
Dean glanced over his shoulder and caught Castiel watching him, one lip pulled between his teeth. It made Dean's heart pound. "'Course nothing's set in stone," Dean said, lifting a shoulder. He watched as Castiel's cheeks flushed and it made him grin. He stood and walked towards Cas, taking each step deliberately. "Anything could happen." He stopped in front of Castiel, hand coming up to push hair back off of his forehead. Castiel leaned into the touch, looking into Dean's eyes the whole time.
"Laying in bed," Dean said before he could catch himself. Castiel laughed, "Shit, I, uh, didn't mean it like it sounds."
Castiel shook his head, "No, no, I'm not going to puke." Dean stared at him. "There's just... there are a lot of people here."
"Of course, I will." Castiel said sounding very determined. He couldn't seem to stop smiling, "I'm so happy for you."
Dean rolled his eyes, Sam had been in track and field his last tree years of high school, and Dean had thought he'd give it up after graduation because he'd managed to get into Stanford on an academic scholarship instead of an athletic one, but most days, Sam still went running. "That fucking kid," Dean said into his coffee.
"What does that mean?" Dean asked, feeling indignation rising in his chest. Not sure if he was being complimented or dissed.
"Just nice?" Sam questioned, bouncing his eyebrows and laughing when Dean nailed him in the chest with a loaf of bread. "Careful!" Sam admonished, "You'll crush it."
Castiel shrugged a little, rubbing his palms together. "I don't know. I've just always been able to. I can see them, hear them. It's always been something I can do, not that I ever asked to." Dean was watching him, trying to be impartial. "It scared the hell out of me when I was a kid. I just didn't understand what was happening. I thought I was crazy, well, everyone did."
Dean was laying on his right side in bed, facing the window which was open a crack to let in a summer breeze. It was too hot in his room, even with the window open, the ceiling fan on three, and the cheap aircon unit whirring through the house. He had kicked all of his blankets off a little after he turned in, just shy of one in the morning. He was only wearing boxers and a gray undershirt, and somehow it was still too much. He rolled onto his back, laying flat and feeling himself start to sweat through his clothing and into his sheets.
“No one says you have to be,” Cas replied lifting a shoulder. His hands were on Dean’s knees now and he was pressing on them for support. Dean knew the drill. It was the 'I'm giving you options and letting you know that you're safe by reassuring touch' routine. “No one’s asking you to do anything.”
Castiel stared at him for a second and relaxed into a noise that was half-laugh, half-scoff. “Well I would hope so, we’ve been best friends since elementary school.” No, Dean wanted to say, not like that, but he just nodded. Castiel smiled and turned away, disappearing down the hallway before Dean could stop him.
He hadn't planned on having sex with Castiel this soon, but now that it was clearly on the horizon, he couldn't think of anything else. Castiel's fingers moved to his own pants, and he began to unbutton them, shimmying his hips to get them down around his thighs. It was unbelievable, Dean laughed a little. "Eager, aren't you?" He teased and Castiel made a low noise in his throat and pulled Dean back down.
Dean hung up, pushing the phone snugly back into his pocket. He opened the door and gave Sam a look.
He bid Bobby and Sam a quick goodbye and Drove into town, heading for Fogies Liquor Gallery, his personal favorite. He did just as Bobby had instructed, ending up with a bottle of Jack Daniels, some Jose Cuervo for himself, and four six packs. Somehow, he'd managed to make his way out to the Impala in one trip. Just as he'd loaded up his car, Sheriff Mills pulled into the parking spot next to him.
Castiel watched him from his seat at the small round table. He nodded. "She didn't say anything to you? Anything at all?"
Fogies Liquor Gallery and Falls Park are both real places that I'd give my left leg to go to,, real shit.
Castiel crawled up between Dean's legs and planted a kiss on his mouth. Dean smiled, and let Cas hold his hands up by his head. Dean bucked up and dragged his cock against Castiel's bulging briefs. Cas let loose a shaky breath and,
Bobby sighed too, looking back up at Dean like he would never understand the pressure of fatherhood. Dean thought secretly that Bobby was right about that one. "Which is still about 17 thousand dollars. 17 thousand he doesn't have,
Bobby didn't speak for a while, just stared Dean down, frowning. "I know what you're saying, Dean," he said, defeated.
Dean stepped backwards and then turned and headed downstairs. It had been about five years since Dean had done any kind of sneaking around in the house. The last time had been when he was seventeen and he snuck Lisa Braeden in and out of the house completely under Bobby's nose. It was his crowning achievement for all of about three hours, because Bobby woke him up at five in the morning and told him he knew.
The phone rang twice, and Dean considered hanging up. Just as he pulled the phone away from his ear, he heard Castiel's voice.
"I'd just really like to see you," Dean told him, closing his eyes and feeling like a high schooler again.
He thought about Sam and how good he had grown up, despite everything. Sam was almost definitely still awake. Probably reading or watching some video on the internet about some really niche thing he was suddenly interested in. Sam was the best of any person Dean had ever met, somehow a mirror of Bobby and Mary, and the best parts of their father, John. Sometimes when Dean looked at him, despite it being 18 years since he'd seen his parents, he could see his mother's kind smile, his father's eyes.
"Does that sound okay?" Sam asked, apparently for the second time. Dean blinked slowly, eyes darting to Bobby for assistance that he didn't receive. Sam sighed, all long suffering, "A large barbecue chicken pizza and a small veggie pizza?"
He took the stairs slowly, moving as quietly as he could so he wouldn't wake Bobby. The floor was cool beneath his feet, the wood worn and dark, and he padded into the kitchen on tip-toes, squeaking the cabinet door open to pull down a plastic cup. He stood in front of the sink to fill it, holding a finger under the tap water until it was cold enough. The longer he stood there, the more uneasy he felt. It was almost like someone was standing behind him. He shivered. Nervously, Dean turned and before him stood a woman with blonde hair and milky white skin. She didn't speak. Neither of them did. They just stared at each other.
Castiel smiled and kissed Dean again. They stayed in that night, moving from room to room, never separating for too long. They slept in the same bed, wrapped around each other - but that was hardly new. When Dean woke up the next morning, he was alone and he almost thought he had dreamed the whole night up, but he stumbled into the living room and saw Cas and knew he hadn’t.
Dean stuck his phone back into his pocket, and tried to make himself as busy as possible. After maybe ten minutes of cleaning tools with a rag, he ventured into the salvage yard, looking for anything fixable. He ended up starting work on an old Studebaker, a plan he'd had for a while, but didn't really have time for. He only got as far as changing out the headlights when he noticed a tan Lincoln Continental Mark V coming up the drive. He straightened, wiping sweat from his brow, and headed back toward the shop.
She took a deep breath, “You’ve seemed tense,” she said, “all night.” Her hair was in curls, her eyes were bright. “Did something happen?” She asked. Dean shook his head a little. “With Cas?”
Dean’s hands started sweating and he had to swallow air to keep from saying something he wasn’t ready for. “Tell me about your day.” Dean said.
Despite Bobby not wanting the boys in his office, he didn't keep the door locked. Their whole system operated on mutual respect, and Dean Winchester, standing in front of Bobby's office with his hand on the doorknob, knew that. He stood there, fingers gripping the brass knob, sweating. If he went inside he'd have betrayed Bobby's trust, this time after years of building it. He wasn't thirteen anymore. He wasn't a kid trying to get kicked out of this home because he was angry at the world. He was a twenty-two year old, grown ass man who was about to spit in the face of the one person who'd showed him genuine kindness when he needed it most.
Dean smiled, nipping at Castiel's stomach and chest. He licked along Castiel's nipple, and Cas groaned.
"Of course I am, Dean," Sam nearly shouted, Dean winced. "Of course I'm curious. I just don't..." he took a deep breath, "I don't have the time for this."
Dean nodded. Bobby did that from time to time, locked himself up in his office and claimed to be reading. Dean and Sam had snooped around enough as kids, though, to know that by "reading," Bobby really meant thinking about his deceased wife. She had died five years before Bobby had taken in the boys, and was the reason he'd started fostering kids to begin with. Bobby never talked about her, but she was in some pictures around the house, and her makeup and perfume took up a shelf in their bathroom. "That's good, Bobby," Dean said, raising his mug to his lips. Bobby nodded. "I'm gonna to head over to the shop in a bit. Know where Sam is? Wanted talk to him before work, but he wasn't in his room."
Castiel eyed his face and then bumped Dean’s chin with his thumb. “You’re not exactly quiet about it.”
"Yeah. Before I pulled over. You had this like," Dean made a motion of twisting up his face with his hand, "
Dean nodded, took a breath, and pressed his mouth against Castiel’s. He had been in love with Cas since freshman year - probably sooner actually - and it all lead up to this. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck, imitating plenty of teenage girls worldwide, and let Dean figure out what to do next. He settled on holding Castiel’s hips, but that felt wrong. Too distant. He’d been waiting for this kiss for at least nine years, and goddamn it, he was going to make the most of it. He pressed one hand flat in the center of Castiel’s back and let the other slide down to the waistband of Castiel’s jeans, bringing them closer. Cas seemed to melt under Dean’s hands, turning into someone completely different. Gone was the rigid man he had fallen in love with, replaced instead by someone who radiated heat and health and genuine satisfaction.
Castiel made his way down the hall to John Doe's room, and entered quietly. Sonya was inside checking his temperature and adjusting the medication in his drip. The man was badly injured, and bruising clouded his features. Castiel looked at him carefully, trying to distinguish whether or not he knew the man. There was something vaguely familiar about him, but Castiel chalked it up to wanting to know more when he kept drawing blanks as to his identity. He approached the bed slowly, and Sonya looked up at him.
Castiel went back to his book and Dean turned his face toward his book, but he didn’t start to read. Bronchial tissue seemed boring in comparison to the topic occupying their space now. Dean took another drink and then invaded Castiel’s studying once again. “Cas, if there’s something going on with a guy you know you can talk to me, right?”
Dean watched him go, and then closed the door, turning to see Sam leaning against the partition separating the kitchen from the entryway.
“Cas,” Dean choked out, voice catching. Cas dropped his eyes to meet Dean’s and took back his hand, placing it by Dean’s thigh on the counter.
"Come on, kid, we're just trying to learn. What's he like?" Bobby asked. It would've sounded genuine had Dean missed the gleam of humor in his eyes. Sam practically squealed with delighted laughter.
He made his way to Bobby's desk, finding the money tucked under a tan, worn address book. Dean stuffed it in his pocket, eyes flitting over the few pictures Bobby kept at his desk. One of Sam and Dean as kids asleep on the couch, another of his late wife in a wedding dress holding a bouquet of red roses, and the last a picture of Dean in his cap and gown, one arm around Bobby's shoulder, the other around Sam's. Dean smiled at it a little, and started to walk out when a skinny, blue book caught his eye. He'd never noticed it before. It was wedged under a stack of thick books and a pile of weeks old mail on one of the upholstered chairs in front of Bobby's desk.
Gabriel was a nurse that was supposed to be working upstairs in the pediatric ward, but somehow always found a way to trek down into the ICU for the sole purpose of annoying his younger brother. "Can I help you with something?" Castiel asked crossing his arms. A nurse that Castiel liked, a woman named Sonya, handed him a clipboard and he sent his thanks to her with a nod and smile.
She smiled, “He comes on a lot of them.” Dean opened his mouth and then closed it and averted his eyes so she couldn’t look at him anymore. “It’s okay that he does. I like Cas.”
“You okay today?” Dean asked. Castiel looked up at him and furrowed his eyebrows. “You seem, I don’t know, off.”
Dean shook his head and said, “Wouldn’t want to disappoint him.” Instead of responding, Castiel went back to alternating between his notes and the textbook, and tried not to think about the resigned displeasure that wrinkled between Dean’s eyebrows. He was far too young to be that beaten down by life, and nearly every person close to him recognized that - except for his dad, but that’s a story for another day. “Do you wanna catch a movie with me and Lisa tonight?”
"Yeah, Dean, was it an engine issue or a tire estimate?" Sam asked, pointing a soapy finger to his chin, feigning innocence, "I forget." Bobby chuckled, watching Dean's face color and putting together the pieces of Sam's joke.
Throughout their talk, Zachariah had been walking Castiel toward the Doctor's Lounge. Castiel blinked at the door and then shook his head and pushed it open. He went inside, clocked out and shrugged out of his white coat. He hung the coat in his locker and then headed out for the night.
She fumbled on the table next to her for her cellphone. "I have to call my family," She said with a laugh. Castiel smiled at her again, and pulled the door shut behind him.
"You've got those scholarship interviews tomorrow, Dean," Bobby sighed. Dean looked away, eyes darting to the left in his tell-tale look of shame. Bobby noticed and gave him a look, "What's
"If I say no again next time, you have permission to kick my ass," Dean mumbled against her mouth causing her to laugh again.
Castiel nodded, "A few here and there. I didn't grow up with any of them though. They're all half brothers."
“You took Lisa Braeden to the spring formal,” Castiel said, looking just over Dean’s shoulder. Like he was staring at the memory. Dean wondered if he was. “I assumed we would go together, but you asked her.” Dean rubbed Castiel’s thighs, Cas grabbed his hands and held them there. “I had to go because I was class representative, but when I saw you two together I got a stomach ache and my dad had to come pick me up.”
Dean braced his hands on the counter and leaned his head against the edge. He pulled his eyes shut so tightly that he saw spots and muttered, “God, I’m a dumbass.” He squeezed the edge of the counter where his hands were laying, and used it as a lifeline. “'Cause I can’t just say, "Hey, Cas, I’m in love with you.”“
She smiled at him, mouth stretching more than Dean thought it should. It wasn't unsettling, just unexpected. "Say something," he said quietly,
Dean tried for a winning smile, "Not as late as I could've been?" He supplied with a careful mask of confidence pulled over how genuinely guilty he was about being almost forty minutes late. When Dean walked toward him, Bobby smacked him upside the head with his baseball cap before replacing it and telling Dean to get to work. He made his way to the back office, stepped into his blue-gray Coveralls, and then met Bobby back in the garage where an absolutely beautiful Triumph TR7 awaited him.
Castiel nodded laying the file flat on the counter and looking over it carefully. He'd suffered several lacerations to internal organs, a few broken bones, and a head injury that was putting intense pressure on his other organs. He'd come out of surgery a couple of hours after Castiel had left, just shy of the six hour mark that could've proven more harmful than helpful. They'd hooked him up to a ventilator and an IV drip that was working to reduce the swelling going on in his brain. The medication would be enough in a few hours to take care of the swelling, and then, when they brought him out of the medical coma, they could give him a while to recover and then put him under and look for a more lasting solution. It was commonplace for the ICU.
Dean cleared his throat, “So for a while now?” Castiel nodded. “Well then, uh, why didn’t you say something?”
Sam shook his head, "Dean, I'm telling you, just leave it alone." Dean turned away from him, so Sam just sighed again and left the room.
Dean breathed a laugh and Castiel pulled away from Dean a little. Dean felt his heart pick up again as he looked at Cas. Their faces were close, if he angled forward just slightly, they'd be touching. As it were, Dean could feel little huffs of Castiel's breath on his chin and mouth. Castiel touched his forehead to Dean's and closed his eyes. It was too tender a moment for two near strangers, but Dean closed his eyes too, and together they sat. Saying nothing, breathing each other in, being close.
“No, you guys go ahead,” Cas replied flipping through a few of his pages and then highlighting some lines. Dean nodded a couple of times and then took a sip of his soda and turned a page in his book without retaining any of the information.
He had to know why Bobby had lied to him, and Dean had a really good feeling that the answer was in his office. If there was nothing suspicious or malicious or even interesting to be found, Dean would be relieved and he'd go upstairs to his room and maybe catch a few before work. But if there was something unexpected... well, he didn't exactly have a game plan if that happened. Dean looked up the stairs again, twisted the doorknob, opened it just enough to get inside, and slipped in.
"He's eighteen," Dean said, "we kind of have to be close. You know, growing up the way we did, but I like to think that even if we didn't grow up like this we'd be friends."
Sam was sitting in the recliner in Dean's living room reading the newspaper of all things, looking like every dad from a cheesy '80's sitcom. He flicked the paper down, just grinning at the door like he expected as much. "Kinda late, huh, Dean?" He teased."
"What does that mean?" Dean asked. He was staring at the guy, kind of drinking him in. He was dressed strangely, in a green and brown smock looking thing with way too tight jeans and sandals with open toes. He looked like a hipster Jesus if Jesus was white with a crew cut and five o'clock shadow.
Dean was sitting at the desk in front of the window in his bedroom. It was almost midnight, and Bobby had threatened him an hour ago to get to sleep, but he couldn't get his mind to calm down enough to even move from where he was sitting. He couldn't stop thinking about college. He'd been thinking about college
"Oh, you, uh, probably don't want to do that," Dean said with an innocent laugh, showing Castiel the front and back of both hands in what almost looked like a surrender. His hands were grimy, and Castiel nodded and put his own hands in the pockets of his jeans.
He headed down the hallway, unbuttoning his jeans as he walked and stepping out of them as he shut his bedroom door. The room was a warm, reprieve from the draftiness of his house which was almost lethal in the middle of December like they were right now. He dove into bed, savoring the brief few hours of sleep he got before six o'clock came around and Dean was forced back into the Impala trucking toward Singer's Auto Shop.
"Something wrong with the Camino?" Dean asked, leaning forward, a serious pinch between his eyebrows.
Sam smiled and said, "I've been good. It's been a while since we've hung out. Have you been busy with work?"
"Right," Castiel said turning toward another person, a man, on a separate gurney. A resident was administering a central anesthetic to the patient and Castiel took the moment to address the man. "I'm Dr. Novak," he said, "let's get that out of there for you."
Castiel was staring at the empty desk, not speaking. He looked awkward and uncomfortable and Dean thought that he should probably apologize to him, but he didn't, he just sat down on the floor and spread the books out in front of him. He was going to figure it out. Regardless of what Sam said or thought. And he knew that Sam cared somewhere deep down. He was going to figure it out for both of them.
Dean made it to the dorms in relatively quick time, going into the building and passing through the common room to the stairs. When he got to the door of his room, he expected to open it and see Cas sitting on his bed, reading a book or watching Netflix or something, but he wasn’t there. Dean let the door close behind him and tried to ignore the sinking, guilty feeling in his chest. Castiel’s things were on his desk, backpack included, so he had to have just missed him, and somehow, that made it worse. Dean put his stuff on his desk and then laid down, face first, on his bed. He heard the door squeak open, but didn’t lift his head.
Bobby went to the table and sat in the chair next to Sam and patted the empty one next to him, looking up at Dean and tilting his head at it. Dean did as was suggested, and sat where he had been before. Sam was still looking at him sympathetically, and it turned Dean's stomach. He just wanted to be left alone right now. It was bad enough he'd been seconds away from a fucking panic attack in front of his brother and Bobby. Now Sam wouldn't quit looking at him like that, and no one was saying anything.
"Let's hold off on that for at least today. Let's get her some breakfast and if she can hold that we'll let her go back." Castiel said and Sonya smiled.
"Four oil changes, one headlight bulb, one wiper replacement, and a tire change," Sam said, reading from a piece of scrap paper that had been a receipt from Biggerson's at some point.
Dean climbed off of his bed, and crossed the floor to lean on Castiel’s bed instead. Cas leaned away from him instinctively, just like he usually did. “We need to talk about it,” Dean stressed. He pushed his palms down on his knees, and swayed into Castiel’s space.
The front door opened and Sam came inside, lugging two paper grocery bags into the kitchen. He looked vaguely annoyed, but didn't say anything other than, "Excuse me," when he moved to set the bags on the table Dean and Castiel were sitting at.
Castiel took a second to let his mind catch up. The man pulled his arm out of Castiel's grip lightly, and, awkwardly, Castiel let his hand slip into the pocket of his coat. He cleared his throat and then said, "The Stanford University Medical Center." John Doe glanced down at his hands. "Intensive Care," Castiel added, "specifically."
“Oh my God, you guys should let me take Cas shopping! Can I?” Charlie grips Cas’s sleeve like a two-year-old and hops up and down. “Can I? Can I please?!?”
“Charlie!” Dean’s never told anyone what Cas first said to him. It always seemed a little weird. A little private. He’s overreacting, he knows it, but it still doesn’t feel like the kind of sentiment you just throw out casually. Dean doesn’t always acknowledge it, but he’s unfailingly grateful for all that Cas has done for him. Cas didn’t just save him from the cage. Cas saved him from himself. He shudders to think what he would have become had he stayed in that godforsaken place.  Charlie grimaces and looks regretful.
“Make sure to leave some for Cas…” and even as Dean says this he notes how strange the lack of the former angel’s presence is. Cas hasn’t been adjusting to sleep so well. As such, he’s normally the first person in the kitchen each morning and the last person to retire in the evening. But Dean hasn’t even seen him awake yet – puttering around the library, or tracing over the borders of countries with a single finger on the control room map. Cas puts up a good front. After the first week of inaction he began to religiously groom himself before joining their company. He showers each morning. He dresses neatly and immediately. Dean wonders if Cas even
“It’s okay, Dean,” Cas says quietly and then a little louder, “I’ll probably always be a – what was it you once called me, Crowley? A sneaky little bastard?”
. And you know it isn’t healthy. In the corners of your mind, you know. The thoughts in your head and the ways they keeping circling around and back are not good for you. Sometimes you see reason and come to your senses. Sometimes you don’t. Sometimes you know you’re spiraling and you see the way out plain as day and you decide you just don’t care. You stay locked in the comfort of that destructive cycle until it’s broken. And normally you’re not the one to break it.
Cas huffs in irritation. Dean sighs, remembering their conversation about trust. He figures practicing what he preaches might not be such a bad start.
Rather, it was a bright and true-green pasture Dean saw. There were shrubs and flowers lining the wide clearing he was standing in. Thick trees blocked his view of anything beyond the immediate. The sky above him was crystal clear— the blue of early day-trips in the impala with his father and toddler brother. The wind blew sharply, but not unpleasantly. It was a beautiful day. The park was unfamiliar and this concerned Dean.
“Nah, you know. More of the same. Nothing that fits.” He shifts under Dean’s gaze. “At this point I’m thinking we may not find it all. At least not here. I mean, I know The Men of Letters knew their stuff, but what are the odds of them just
“I can’t even help you! I am less than human now! Less than the lowest form of existence! I was never meant to be
“I could fill a book —twenty books— with the stuff I don’t tell Sam. I can’t tell him these things.”
always there whenever Dean needed him. He pulled Cas out of heavenly battles to make house calls. He consistently and perpetually alienated Castiel from his brothers and sisters. Though, in the end, Cas has always made his own decisions (and perhaps been one of the first angels since Lucifer to do so) Dean cannot ignore or disregard his own influence on those choices.
A million excuses flooded to the forefront of Dean’s mind, but for the first time ever he chose to dismiss those things instead of his initial impulses. Maybe all of this was true. Maybe he was… something else— and that was okay. Maybe he didn’t know himself as well as he thought. It didn’t really matter.
So while Charlie yells and her eyes get misty, Dean does the one thing he knows to do. He walks forward and gives her the biggest hug he can. It’s not something he would do with most people, but then again, Charlie
“I played a key role in the shutting of heaven. It was the loss of my angelic nature that cemented the fall. My siblings consider me responsible.”
The dazed smile slides from Cas’s face and he furrows his brow in concentration – as if the information Dean has just relayed is of monumental importance for him to understand.
“Good!” Charlie grins toothily and hops back toward Cas. “Now let’s see about getting you a new wardrobe.”
He can’t find it. A headache, which has been threatening to overtake Dean since his morning spat with Kevin, pounds against the sides of his head. And he can’t find the damn bag. It should be tucked at the back of his underwear drawer, a drawstring pouch filled with little orange bottles. Excedrin and Xanax and Valium and Vicodin -- for the rough stuff. All mislabeled, none of the prescriptions made out to Dean. He turns the drawer upside down, shaking balled-up pairs of boxers to the floor. Dean scours his room, to no avail. Exasperated, he tracks Sam down in the den.
Kevin laughs again and the sound breaks the tension. Crowley inclines his head to his former business partner and lifts his wine glass. Sam’s eyes flick from Dean to Cas and back again. Soon, however, Sam has little time to gawk. Kevin finally does what he’s been threatening to do for the last hour and topples out of his seat and onto the floor. This prompts him to laugh even harder and Sam stoops to his aid. Cas edges forward into the room and Dean takes a large swig of his scotch. It burns on the way down and he revels in the temporary discomfort.
After his initial indulgence, Dean recalled flopping onto one the motel’s single beds. His face had been pressed into freshly laundered pillow cases, but they’d still smelt stale. His mind had wandered and tripped over passing thoughts. There’d been slick black pools of leviathan and headless corpses and inexpertly tied ties. At some point he’d heard the slam of a door.
off Death’s doorstep. Actually, I’m pretty sure the next time I die I get some sort of reward for my customer loyalty.”
Sam shakes his head in slow disbelief. “Maybe it’s a glitch. Maybe the tracker’s gone haywire or something?”
“Maybe,” Dean grunts. He probably has a thousand dollars’ worth of medication stashed in that bag. He didn’t misplace it. He never misplaces it.
Dean tosses the clothes he’s been holding over the left arm of a couch just outside a row of curtained changing stalls. Charlie’s already picking through the pile as she mutters under her breath. Her thin fingers make quick work of things and she soon sends Cas off with an outfit and a flick of her wrist. Cas does as he’s told. However reluctantly.
nice to see Charlie again. It’s kind of relieving to have a conversation with someone “normal” for a change. Someone who’d rather chat about the latest Star Trek Movie (which Dean has to admit to Charlie he hasn’t seen yet) than what kind of mega-spell could kick an entire race out of their homeland. See, lately certain pieces of Dean have been stumbling out of their carefully guarded caves and prodding him sharply, as if they’ve finally had enough of being ignored. He’s realizing, slowly, that happiness is not something that just happens to you when the storm blows over. It doesn’t fall from the sky and land in your lap and suddenly solve all your problems for you. Happiness is something you have to take when you can get it – storm be damned.
“Yeah. Whatever.” Kevin huffs, reaching down to violently unplug his laptop from the wall outlet. “I don’t know what else I expected from you.”
The month passes like this. Crowley ‘borrows’ a car from a nearby used auto dealer. He makes the decent point that the Impala is highly recognizable. Dean is internally relieved about the new vehicle, a ‘96 Mazda Protégé with a not-insignificant amount of paint damage. It means he doesn’t have to let a former demon drive his car anymore. He still doesn’t entirely trust Crowley, despite the housewife routine. Castiel is silent, but functional. Kevin trudges through the word of God, but takes time to catch up on something called
“Uh,” Dean says, taken aback by Charlie’s slightly manic new expression, “Yeah. Charlie, meet Cas. Cas, Charlie.” He points behind her and she whirls around like a dreidel.
Another tense moment fills the air with the sounds of caught breath. Cas opens his mouth to speak, his eyes half-lidded, but not in their usual squint. He’s about to say something when—
Anyway, I'm hoping to have chapter five up in a week -- two weeks tops. I'm not near popular enough to warrant having a fanfiction blog, but I do post occasional updates on
Dean slides off the sheath of the case and selects a DVD at random. He switches on the TV, slides the disc into the player, and turns to find Cas watching him.
Dean starts to inspect the area and stomps through a patch of sand burrs, the little thorn-ed stickers clutching his pant legs and scratching his calves through the denim.
The laughter from the table is right on cue and Charlie leans back in her chair to survey them all with a smug smile.
“I’m gonna finish this up,” says Sam, pointing to the mess on the table. “Give me like an hour, alright?”
Abaddon isn’t the issue. Since taking up her throne in hell, she’s been more interested in tracking down the angels than anything else. They think it’s her intention to kill every last one of them and make sure they’re never given the chance to return home… or at least torture them to insanity. Dean has a theory that hell might actually give the Winchesters a break for once – seeing as they’ve stopped trying to close the pit and were pivotal in the eviction of heaven. Crowley agrees that they likely aren’t Abaddon’s immediate targets. No, the demons aren’t their biggest problem at the moment.
“Listen. You don’t even know. It doesn’t matter what you’re into. If you’re born with a vagina in this country, somebody at some point is buying you a frakkin’ Barbie doll. It’s easier to just embrace the uber-femme tradition. If we’re being fair though, I did get pretty creative with my Barbies. I’d always have them dare one another to make out.” Charlie stares into the distance as she reminisces. “That probably should have been everybody’s first clue.”
It’s a good day for a drive. Even if the drive is just back the way they came. Thick clouds slide gently across a sickeningly blue sky, blocking the sun every now and again to cast huge amorphous shadows over the highway. The light comes and goes as they make their way east – bursting through the back window of the ‘67 before fading away again. It seems to dissolve and reappear like magic. The spring air is pleasantly cool and Dean rolls down the windows of the Impala to take in some well-deserved fresh air.
There were long kisses that seemed to burn and ended in huffs of shortened breath. There were little kisses, like the first, to act as pauses and silent confirmations. There were kisses placed over eyelids and cheekbones and foreheads. There was a moment when Dean wondered if angels could get hickies and soon proved that, indeed, they could. Their mouths began to blur around the edges and a group of heavy clouds rolled in. These formations seemed to be made solely of static electricity and when their rain started to fall it tasted like warm cherries and pastry.
Dean leaned back in the booth, touching the toes of his boots against the other side. He raised his cup to his mouth but didn’t drink anything; he felt full enough without it. Watching Cas leave felt wrong, but what was he supposed to do? Run out and follow him? He couldn’t. Not with everyone here. Maybe not even if they were alone. Especially not with the pretty woman at the counter watching him intently. Definitely not with a date scheduled with Lisa for that evening. Dean finished his soda, and started to leave a tip, but he noticed a few dollars tucked beside Castiel’s empty coffee mug, so he just stood and tugged on his jacket. He gathered up his books and left, turning sharply to duck under the awning to avoid the rain.
Bobby looked up at him, confusion evident on his features, "Yeah," he said, "I need you to go to the liquor store and pick up some Jack's and a couple six packs."
Dean looked at him closely, and then waved his hand. “Come here.” Castiel obliged. “Would it be okay if I kissed you?”
Dean rolled his eyes and walked past his brother on his way back into the kitchen. "It's not like that," he contested. Sam followed Dean back in, pulling himself up to sit on the counter.
But the doctor was looking at him earnestly, almost sad, so he decided to try thinking a little harder.
. He stared at the guy for a long time, gripping the bottle in his hand so tightly that his knuckles grew white. He was about to turn away, but stopped when the guy lifted a hand almost like a wave, and then walked back into the tree line. He was gone before Dean had the chance to realize where he went.
Once inside, Castiel noticed that she wasn't alone. Around her, were three of her daughters. One was asleep in the bed with her mother, one was sitting in the chair on her cellphone, and the other was leaning against the wall, arms crossed, speaking to her mother. "Good evening, Mrs. Hutchinson," He began, "I didn't realize that you had visitors, I can come back later if you'd like?"
Castiel thrust in and out of him, keeping up a quick pace and catching Dean's prostate more often than not. Castiel reached a hand around Dean's cock and he began to stroke it. Dean felt like he might lose himself at any minute. The faster Cas moved, the harder it got for Dean to hold on. Before too long, he felt pressure building low in his stomach, and he started fucking back onto Castiel's dick, making every filthy noise he could. Castiel's grip on Dean's hip tightened, and his other hand moved faster from it's place wrapped around Dean. Dean came before he could stop himself, body moving independently of his mind and bearing down on Castiel. Castiel's hand, covered in Dean's cum, moved up to hold Dean's stomach, and he continued fucking Dean's asshole, harder and harder. Castiel's body went taut, and he let an unholy moan tear from his lips as he finished inside of Dean. Castiel leaned over Dean for just a second before pulling out, pressing a feather light kiss to the center of Dean's back.
Dean slept fitfully, waking every few hours to roll over and check his alarm clock. It was torturous and agonizing. By four in the morning, he'd given up on sleep, and gotten up to wander the house. He stopped by Sam's bedroom, lulling the door open a crack and peeking in. Sam was asleep on his bed, curled up next to his laptop. The screen was dark, partly illuminated by a string of fairy lights. Dean raised an eyebrow and then continued down the hall. Bobby's door was already opened a crack and inside it was dark. Dean moved to just glance inside, and saw Bobby passed out on the mattress, splayed with each limb hanging just off the sides of the bed.
"You snooped on Bobby?" Asked a voice from Dean's doorway. Dean turned to find Sam, arms crossed and face settled into a surprised scowl.
Just as promised, Dr. Novak was making his way inside Dean's room in no time flat. He held a metal clipboard in front of him, looking it over before placing it in a small tray affixed to the end of Dean's bed. Dr. Novak smiled at Dean, a tight lipped, no teeth thing that looked pitiful; definitely not doing anything to help Dean's mood.
Dr. Novak laughed then and it made Dean crack a smile. "I know, not super interesting, but it's important I go over this with you." Dean nodded along as the doctor spoke. "Now, obviously, you know you've got some broken bones. Our main concern, however, is that you've got some bleeding happening in your brain."
"What, are we not getting dressed today?" Dean asked, pouring himself a cup of coffee and raiding the fridge for a piece of pie from a diner in town.
He realized he was staring, mouth open, so he snapped his mouth shut and straightened immediately. “I, um, didn’t mean it,” he supplied weakly. Cas tilted his head. “I-I mean, hah, I did mean it, I mean, I said it. So, obviously, but, um.” Dean had to stop, swallow, and remind himself to breathe. Cas was staring at him questioning his behavior, no doubt. “I didn’t, um…”
He grabbed a random shirt and hurried down the stairs, "Coming!" He slipped his arms in and pulled it up over his head, grabbing the door handle and opening it quickly.
"They were, um, on a road trip," Castiel said, eyes darting away. He looked embarrassed. "I wasn't supposed to be born when I was, so my mom and I just stayed here."
