Castiel squints at the guy, “I didn't catch your name.”
. Dean chuckles too and leans in to kiss him. Castiel runs his fingers over his jaw when he does.
Castiel shrugs self-consciously, “Coffee and Eat… That diner you took me to.”
Dean agrees and he pulls Cas a little closer, closing his eyes wrapped up in the guy.
“What then?” Castiel asks.
Cas frowns. “Know what?”
, well, you’ve got another thing comin’!” Bobby nearly yells down the phone.
Dean looks away, biting his lip.
He doesn’t dare take a look in the mirror as he brushes his teeth. His head is pounding and when he makes his way back into the living room he is certain there are two Jos eating cereal on the pullout couch.
Castiel looks kind of lost, probably because he just got here and expected to study, but oh well, he should have known.
Castiel sips his to go coffee, squinting against the sun. He left his sunglasses in Florida, but luckily Dean has since found them and promised to bring them back with him. God, Cas can’t wait to see him again.
“No!” Castiel said too fast, “No, thanks. I appreciate it, thanks Hanna.”
Castiel tried for a half-smile but it was a lame attempt, “He got his grades up.”
“You moved from New York City to Kansas City because of education prospects? C’mon Cas,” Dean calls his bullshit. He’s not sure if he should.
They don’t care much about the noises anymore and they don’t leave Dean’s room until the next morning.
Castiel smiles at the apology despite this whole day. “That’s okay. I think we both got carried away and said things we didn’t mean. And I
“ID,” he requests.
per se, but, uhh…”
They hung out for a while, getting in some practice throws and insults.
. And it’s true. His laptop is dead, and all the outlets are taken. The only seat available at his table is his. Or it will be in a minute.
Gabriel leans back and crosses his arms. “Wow,” he says, clearly disappointed in Anna.
Dean keeps his head down, turns around and pretends to be occupied with looking at the fish in the aquarium. But he can’t resist, he turns to look over his shoulder, really just to torture himself. A shallow gasp escapes his throat when he meets familiar blue eyes that are crinkling with a smile but circled dark with grad school sleep-deprivation. When they catch onto Dean the crinkles vanish, they turn to something else and Castiel stops in his tracks.
They jump apart when the elevator stops, expecting to be caught. Turns out they’ve reached Cas’ floor and Cas pulls Dean after him, never letting go of his hand, not even to unlock the door.
Dean avoids Bobby for the rest of the evening, and he avoids Cas too. He avoids pretty much anyone he has a close relationship with because he’s a coward, and instead spends his brother’s college graduation small-talking with somebody else’s distant relatives.
“An uncle with a yacht,” Dean admits.
When Charlie offers him more shots Dean shakes his head and makes his way to the other end and sits down next to Cas.
Dean and Castiel both looked at her in confusion.
“Oh,” Dean says. So Cas is a camboy now. Dean kind of wishes he was still a fan of Jimmy’s because that sounds all kinds of hot. But he has
She grabs a muffin from the display, “You know this will go straight to your waist,” she smirks. Dean glares and leaves with the pot of coffee.
Cas lands on top of him in a tumble and they laugh. Dean strokes Cas’ arm, as Cas leans over him on his elbows.
. Jimmy steps to the side to hang out around the pick-up area and Dean lets Charlie take the next customer’s order while he goes to make the cappuccino.
“Yes, I-“ He clears his throat and looks at his shoes, “For work.”
Dean turns a dazzling smile at her, “Just taking a break. I’m on poster duty today.”
Benny gives him a look.
“You talk to him first. I don’t want to distract him from his performance in case he doesn’t want to see me,” Castiel explained.
“And it wasn’t the alcohol,” Dean says, chewing again.
Dean’s skin in flushed from the activity and the hot shower, and he turns slowly. Castiel looks at him, nervous for some reason, that he’s disappointed.
“It’s not the same,” he mutters.
Castiel bites off the strudel and swallows hard without chewing because he’s an awkward freak and Dean’s eyes follow the muscles of Castiel throat as they work, and he almost whimpers.
Castiel smiles expectantly at him, “A new laptop.”
, but they don’t notice. They kiss.
Dean throws his arms around Cas’ neck, kissing him again, and Cas figures, nah, they’re not scared of love confessions, as Dean mutters “I love you” into every kiss.
She was smiling at her phone, which she was holding in one hand, while she used the index finger of her other hand to type.
Castiel’s blush deepened and he handed Dean a sheet of math problems, which cooled Dean’s mood instantly.
“Yeah, by three minutes!” Castiel protests. It’s reflex when she refers to him as the younger sibling. But then it sinks in and he looks up at Dean, “You two went out?”
“Friends, eh? Maybe they get mixed signals if you take them all out to nice restaurants like this one,” Dean keeps smirking. Castiel blushes deeper.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean frowned harder, a headache creeping across his forehead as he looked at Castiel, “You’re the one who just said you don’t have time if I’m not buying it!” he tried to ignore how his voice rose in volume, unproportionate in the small space of the car. He wasn’t sure why he was trying for a fight in this way.
There’s some silence that Castiel breaks, “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. I was going to. I mean, as a rule I always do, when I… become close with someone.”
Sam makes a noise of understanding. “We were about to order pizza, that’s why I called. But I’m guessing you’re not coming home for dinner?” He asks instead.
Dean smiles in a – what he hopes is – understanding manner. Then he turns up the radio.
He meets Benny who looks just as dazed, and Charlie who looks like she’s just heard the best joke ever, and Dean can’t help but feel like the butt of it, at the exit.
Sam shrugs. “He’d never tell anyone without getting the okay from you. You know that.” Dean does know that.
know how to operate a coffee machine.”
The first time he comes into the shop Dean is pretty sure he is a hallucination brought on by his dry spell and accompanying month-long porn fest. He has seen this guy’s whole profile. He’s seen the whole profile so maybe his brain automatically imagines his face on every dark-haired guy he sees now. Why is he likes this?
“Uh…” Dean says and looks at Castiel. Then he looks next to him and Sam’s not there. Actually, Hanna isn’t either. “I guess we’ll wait for the others to come back?”
. It’s me, okay?”
“We should go inside,” Dean points out.
“Who’s it from?” Dean asks.
. Dean isn’t sure that what they’re doing can be called
“Dude, didn’t ask,” Dean says.
Cas doesn’t know how to process this. Dean’s smile wanes while he tries to.
? Shouldn’t you consult me first??”
“Sorry,” she whispers and then talks a little more quietly, “I’m just surprised. I mean I saw one of his videos. I didn’t exactly take him for an uptight guy. And I
“I would like that. Thank you.” He says all genuine again, and Dean smiles way too big.
“Dean, hey. Where are you? I thought you’d be home by now?” Sam asks. And
“Fucking finally!” Someone inside says.
It had been just a few days before the Specific Aims due date and Dean had been at Coffee and Eat studying with Aaron, a fellow grad student and also (awks) ex-boyfriend, and Castiel had been studying by himself, two tables over.
As he made his way out of the kitchen, his mom yelled, “Remember to cover the marks on your neck from ‘
“Deans setting up the boat so you should still be able to get a good trip out there today,” he tells Cas. Cas smiles to himself at that.
“You alright there, buddy?” Dean asks, chuckling lightly.
Castiel comes into Coffee and Eat every day, or at least every day that Dean is working, and Dean realizes two things over the course of December.
He’s in the cafeteria, the big one on campus, slamming the buttons on the coffee machine. He hates the thing.
“Squirrel, I know it’s hard to understand but I don’t actually pay you to flirt with the pretty boys who just want coffee.” It’s Crowley and Dean springs to work, grabbing a damp cloth to wipe down the milk steamer.
“It’s past your curfew,” Dean said, eyes focused on the road in front of him.
Things go pretty well for Dean after that. Sam gets into law school, Castiel gets a local summer internship, Benny and Charlie accepts that Dean can’t get drunk during weekdays without too much begging because he has a real job now. The only obstacle all summer is in late August, when Sam asks Dean if he still lives in their apartment or if Sam can rent the other room out and they have a fight that lasts a whole week. (Which makes Dean realize that he didn’t miss one thing from his apartment the whole time since his toothbrush and 80% of his clothes were already at Cas’. 80% of his belongings, really. In conclusion: Sam was right.).
When three seconds of silence becomes unbearable, Dean pulls out his phone. “I’m just gonna check on Sam, one sec,” he tells Castiel, who gets out his own phone and calls Hanna.
He suddenly felt shy under Dean’s soft look and smile, and he broke eye contact, fiddling with the rose in his hand. He twirled it between his fingers before realizing why he’d bought it in the first place.
Dean grabs onto Cas’ bicep. “This is Cas. He’s a total nerd.” He smiles at Charlie because he can’t stop smiling when it comes to Cas.
Dean leans back a little.
Before Dean knows it, there’s only one day left before his flight back home.
But that’s not even what spurs the freak-out. Not entirely.
Cas feels awkward while he pulls off his jeans, folds them and places them on Dean’s dresser. When did they become friends? Somewhere between the margaritas and the pie? Or was it before? The borrowed books, maybe?
“Well, I don’t think most predators come across as predatory. I think that’s kinda their thing,” Bela argues, smirking and Dean gets angry, but takes a deep breath and rolls his eyes instead of yelling.
But of course, Dean was a talker.
. “Wow, you must think I’m a royal slut.”
Dean can’t deal with a fight; he just wants everything to go away. He wishes Cas had never asked if he was okay. “Nothing, okay Cas? Relax.”
Castiel leaned back and studied Dean. Did he really think Castiel genuinely
They hadn’t discussed it and now that Dean asks, Cas is definitely okay with not having anymore close encounters with any reptiles for a while. He tells Dean as much.
“I don’t know, watch some Netflix or something. Invite Jo over.”
“Sweetheart, are you coming back tomorrow?” Dean asks. It’s very important to him.
An episode of Munchies somehow turns into a Harrison Ford marathon and Dean really shouldn’t be wasting time like this, but he does feel a little better.
“Yeah, I suppose we can,” Castiel agreed, “When would be a good time for you?”
Dean splutters. He hopes it can be written off as a guffaw. “He’s just some friend,” he shrugs.
“Dude, how many trips did you take to the shitty Mexican hospital last year?” Dean asks Benny with a raised eyebrow. There’d been a broken finger, an infected bug bite and dehydration from a nasty hangover combined with a street kitchen taco.
The creak of the gross bathroom stall door makes Dean pull up his panties in a rush, soaking them in both his own and Cas’ cum. The panties are probably a great symbol of his aesthetic.
Dean shakes his head, “Seriously, you don’t owe me anything. I’m just grateful you’re even fucking talking to me.” Castiel looks kind of pained, like Dean is frustrating him by pushing his apology away. But hell, if Dean cares about that. He cannot believe he’s made Castiel feel like he owes
Cas squints at the bottles behind her, then eyes Dean’s half drunk beer.
Dean is 21 years old and impatient. So he unzips Castiel pants, pushes them down along with his boxers, and wraps his hand around Cas’ already hard cock.
“Wake me up when you need a ride,” Dean makes his way back to his bedroom and a snoring Cas.
Dean woke up too late that Sunday, with only a half hour to spare before meeting Castiel. It was only the second session but it would be an overstatement to say that Dean was looking forward to it. Not because of the tutor. No, that was the one saving grace. But Dean hated schoolwork, and he especially hated spending his spare time doing it. And now he had to tell Cas his grade in biology just dropped to failing as well. Who cared about stupid alleles?
“Hello, Dean was it? I’m Ruby, well that’s my stage name anyway, and
“Cas,” Dean moans, gripping the older mans hair. The pain sends shockwaves down Cas’ back.
All Dean has to say to that is ‘
Dean thinks that that’s some taunting fucking advice.
Cas sidesteps a piece of chewed up gum on the sidewalk. “Hotel.”
Dean sweeps a hand out, “Kitchen,” he walks through the other doorway that connects to the kitchen island, which opens into the living room, “Living room slash guest room when Charlie is fighting with her girlfriend,” he hears Castiel chuckle behind him.
When Dean just lifted a skeptical eyebrow at him, he went on: “Even if I did have time, I wouldn’t have anyone
“You sure you’re alright? I feel bad leaving when you’re just moping around at home,” Sam says, and it doesn’t even sound condescending. Dean still glares at him and his already-packed duffel bag.
“Just school?”
It makes Dean hate himself a little bit for clearly misreading signals, and it makes him a hell of a lot confused. What are they waiting for? They’re into each other, he knows. And Dean has already told him he’s serious about this; that Castiel is the one he wants. (And Dean doesn’t fucking
Dean continues enjoying the view. “I don’t think there’s anything that could be more important than this.”
He can’t believe he hasn’t asked this earlier. After that stunt with Lisa his senior year of high school he’d made a habit of double-checking his dates’ age. Of course, the chances of finding a minor in grad school are much, much lower.
Castiel smiled genuinely then, happy to hear about Dean’s success, “Really? You should have told me! Dean, that’s great.”
“Maybe you should take a break?” Castiel suggests while shutting his laptop to give Dean his full attention.
“You tell me,” Castiel says which is very mature but luckily Dean is too heated to notice.
(See the end of the chapter for
The waitress brings them water while they take too long to decide what to order because they keep getting distracted by conversation.
Gabriel leafs through a travel brochure for the Channel Islands National Park, which is close by.
“No, wine’s fine. You know, I don’t only drink beer, right? I can be classy,” Dean says, maybe to try to seem a little bit more sophisticated, more mature. Less like a 21-year old red neck.
That just seems wrong so Cas helps him, peeling the fabric up his back, pulling as it clings to Dean’s damp skin. But Dean gets the memo and pulls it over his head, and Castiel gladly runs his nails down his back, making Dean shiver against him.
“Hanna, my apologies, but I have to run. I’ll tell you all about it tomorrow, I promise. And I will message you tonight when I get a chance to look over the history compendium, and we can choose a figure for the collage,” he said all in one breath.
Benny passes Dean and then curses Charlie for throwing a banana peel. Dean is just about to focus back on the game but gets a text he figures he might as well check.
Dean almost dies. “Stop! Are you trying to turn me into a cross-dresser or something?”
They make their way to Cas’ apartment complex on foot, and to preserve the tradition from the library they don’t talk. Dean’s not sure if it’s
(She hasn’t. Charlie never has.)
“Love you,” Dean says and hangs up.
The jeans too, for that matter, though the sight was often obstructed from behind. Right now though, as Castiel got ready to bowl, Dean had a clear view.
“You can just tell me, I’ll be fine. I won’t like, try to find you or anything if you don’t want me to,” Dean says, and Castiel stops mentally making room for Dean’s Doritos and gator jerky in his snack drawer and zones back in.
The caller ID says it’s Sam and Dean answers it, “What’s up?”
Dean groans. He’s already stressed out, “Don’t remind me!”
took a loan of 15,000 fucking dollars in
Dean feels even fucking worse. Cas admires him for what he’s doing, which is what? Selfishly spending all their money on his own education when Sam was the one with a dream. Spending Bobby’s whole retirement when it isn’t even Bobby’s responsibility. How admirable.
“What are your plans for spring break?” Cas asks, shrugging on a plaid flannel. It’s two weeks away.
But Castiel just smiles stupidly bright back.
“I don’t know,” Dean shrugs, “Flirt?” he suggests, and realizes that he might be doing just that and his brain halts for a moment. He shakes it off and asks, “Are you in this frat?”
Dean sunk down in his seat, not meeting her eye, “We’re out right now,” he gestured to Castiel, cheering with Kevin and Sam after getting one pin but at least not bowling in the gutter again. Castiel then turned towards the score screen, instantly smacking both Sam and Kevin as he turned so they almost fell over.
But then Sam looks up at him, gives him his patented
Castiel doesn’t look nervous anymore, he just looks upset. And hurt. “And you had sex with him.” It’s not even a question.
Castiel looked up confused, and then a little surprised. He eyes flickered to the towel around Dean’s waist and back to his laptop screen. He cleared his throat, “I was reviewing some history notes.”
They were 45 minutes in when Castiel looked up from his homework and caught Dean not paying attention. Instead of doing the past conjugation of
When he gets back, he downplays the trip when Benny and Victor ask about it, to a “It was fun. Cas’ family is nice.” And then he throws his duffel bag in the closet and spends 20 minutes skim-reading the chapter for the next day before he’s back at Cas’ again.
Castiel takes his books and laptop out of his bag and brings them to the couch where he puts them down, “Of course I have coffee,” he smirks at Dean and Dean smiles back at him. Cas leaves for the kitchen.
One extra, Cas’ dick
Dean is lying half on top of him, a thigh between Cas’ legs, and he rocks gently against Cas’ hip as they make out. Cas is rubbing against Dean’s thigh, his hands so far up Dean’s t-shirt as they can reach. And why is he wearing it, anyway? He seems to take his top off at the most inopportune times but he can’t take it off for this??
Castiel was walked up the aisle by Meg, who was wearing a new meat suit, what with her old one having rotten and all, first.
When they park on campus with a car between them, Castiel grabs Dean’s hand once they’ve exited the car. Probably because of the too loud Metallica and incessant finger drumming on the steering wheel.
“Definitely didn’t see that one coming,” he says, just to say something, the silence too oppressing.
He gets up and walks over to Dean, tented boxers and all. He closes the dishwasher, and grabs onto Dean’s hips, pushes him against the counter.
He walks over to Dean’s bookshelf. It’s mostly textbooks, math and engineering; nothing Cas understands. He kneels down on the floor and pulls out the box of books that Dean got the Lord of the Rings series from that one time. He trails a finger over the many titles. Most of them are cracked paperbacks and Cas isn’t aware of the soft smile on his face until the sound of steps outside the door makes him freeze up.
“Hey Cas!” Charlie said overly optimistic, making it very obvious that they’d been talking about him, if Castiel had been a regular social being, anyway.
That has Cas laughing so hard, he falls out anyway.
He knows he has fucked up before the last word has left his mouth, and he doesn’t dare meet Castiel’s eyes.
Cas doesn’t come back until after New Year’s so Dean spends a few horny days sexting him until it’s New Year’s Eve.
Sam shakes his head, “I remember everything being about puberty back in high school.”
Cas chuckles, “I’ll think about it.”
Apparently, he had some big history presentation coming up the next day and Dean should have known better when he decided to date a nerd.
“Stop moping around, he’s not mad at you, baby. I love you too. Now make us some drinks!” Cas smiles and Dean doesn’t really know how he succeeds in cheering Dean up so easily without even using his tongue but he’s chosen not to look a gift horse in the mouth when it comes to the love Cas has for him..
Castiel will be too occupied with the girl to notice him when they have to walk past him, and for a second he thinks his prayers have been heard.
“You wanna?” Dean asks, swallowing and dragging his eyes back up to Cas’ face.
Castiel was disappointed that he had missed him but found himself somewhat glad that Dean had opted for celebration rather than Oreos and the Notebook in solitude.
Ash and Benny stumble by and stop when they see him. “Dude! Dean!” Benny yells drunkenly. Dean smiles at them.
Dean doesn’t want to break eye contact but he’s weak. He turns his head, pulling some of his things together, like he’s making space for Cas, who has already made his way to the table.
It had been nothing new. Hands mapping bodies out, fingers pinching and caressing, tongues lapping at each other. It made Dean’s head spin but he was certain Cas was always going to make him feel that way.
“Someone else must have shot them,” the cherub said. Sometimes, when a pairing was really important, more cherubs were assigned to the same case.
“Cas…” he says softly, just before reaching for the door. He wants to apologize. God, he doesn’t want it to be like this. To end like this.
Castiel rolls his eyes before playing along. He shrugs, smile unable to come off his face, “guess I’ll put it in a footnote somewhere.”
“Dude, it’s your turn in a minute,” Victor says.
“Shut up,” Dean replies automatically.
Castiel looks taken aback by the abruptness, like being rude to your siblings isn’t a law, “Oh uh, okay.”
Castiel could see Hanna’s smirk at Charlie’s comment out of the corner of his eye. Instead he frowned at Charlie, “Waxing poetic?”
“This is important, Sam Winchester,” Fate said. “They could be under a curse.”
--------
If it’s Dean coming back it’s going to look all kinds of weird that he’s helping himself to snoop around. If it’s
He gets his phone out of his book bag and his fingers get slick with sweat because even if he only intended to text his friends for coffee, he still has Castiel’s number and Castiel wants Dean to text him while he’s off shooting porn for the next week.
Dean smiled down at him for a few seconds, before taking a seat next to him.
Dean’s got a little stubble on his cheek that feels delightfully rough against Cas’ palm, and his hair is soft at the nape of his neck, even as Cas feels goosebumps form there.
When they looked at Hanna she shook her head, “Oh no. I’ll watch our seats.” She was never one for drama anyway.
Dean just looks incredulously at him for a second before exclaiming, “How is that even possible?!”
The smile on Dean’s face took on a different note though didn’t wane. It just looked more disappointed, “I think you know what I’m saying, Cas.”
Castiel doesn’t say anything.
Cas is quiet for a bit, but Dean can hear his steps on the gravel now. “As a fairy?” he asks.
Castiel wraps his arms around Dean’s waist, hands digging into his gut, and Dean pulls his hands away, “don’t play with my fat.”
“Aw Bobby, you’d be lonely without me,” Dean says, mostly to Bobby’s back as the older man is turned to Cas. Dean turns to him as well.
Castiel arrives exactly on time and Dean, the idiot, runs for the door, way too excited to see him.
Dean doesn’t say anything. He’s rolling up the rope and getting ready to go.
Dean had been getting refills for himself and Aaron, and had bought a cappuccino for Cas on a whim.
“This is just so typical Dean! First it’s the whole bisexual thing, where I have to literally walk in on you, and then it’s this thing with Castiel, that I had to hear from Jo, and now this. Why won’t you just fucking tell me things, Dean? Don’t you trust me?” Sam is standing up and because he’s freakishly tall
October 5
The girl lifts a dark and arched eyebrow, “Handsome.”
Dean bites his lip, his palms still sweaty in his lap under the table, “So… Do you think you can forgive me?” His heart is beating so fast it almost physically hurts.
“Dean, please stop. I know you’re thinking you are undeserving but that’s not how I see it. Will you accept my apology?” Castiel asks in a no-nonsense tone.
1) This guy, this Castiel, is awkward as shit. He seems all suave and fucking
Hanna nodded slowly, “Well, you weren’t really serious, were you? Wasn’t it just because you were tutoring him?”
Castiel still doesn’t say anything.
Castiel smiles serenely, apparently forgetting what was so important to discuss but he shakes his head to get back on track, “I just think we should… Well, we need to discuss boundaries, I suppose. Just with the porn and…” he fades out, his eyes wandering off to the side.
Ellen gives him a smile and a quick hug before she takes off to haul the drunken family into her car.
Bela’s demeanor turns downright vicious, and her voice is low and full of anger as she points at the door behind Dean, “Get out!”
They’re on their sides, Castiel spooned against Dean’s back. Sweat is cooling on their skin and Cas is breathing hard against Dean’s neck.
Dean is pretty sure his cheeks are still red when Cas comes outside a few minutes later. He looks very apologetic as he approaches Dean.
“He called today but I missed it.”
He loosened it again and dropped his jaw when the angel embraced the hunter and the hunter responded by folding his hands behind the angel’s back, squeezing slightly.
Bobby handed him his bow and the arrow made special for the occasion. It was made of the
Dean lifts his lips up into a smile but Crowley just grimaces.
doing homework.
“I don’t know, I was thinking Kansas.” Dean wobbles after the redhead who towers over just about everyone. He has to balance on the tiny heels and with a very heavy and thick pony-tailed wig on top of his head too. It’s brown and he appreciates the natural color, especially when he catches something piss-yellow out of the corner of his eye.
“Good. I wanna take you somewhere else.”
Now all he could do was hope that the tutor was hot.
At least the end is neigh. He’ll finish school in a few months, and then he can get a better-paying job, a real job, and even if he can’t straight away, he can pick up more hours at his current one.
“Well, nowhere,” Castiel stuffs his hands into his pockets, “I am saying it now.”
Gabriel gestures a
“Sam! It’s me!” Dean yells over Sam, but his little brother is already tipping a beer over into Cas’ lap. And honestly? Dean is a little proud – he didn’t think Sam had it in him.
Instead Cas pulls on pajamas, and sits down at the desk in his room to look through the material from Bobby. It’s some general information on the Florida Fish and Wildlife Association, the bayou and the small company that Cas is renting boat + sassy guide through. He puts it aside and spends the rest of the night going through his own notes on his laptop, before turning in early with a belly full of room service burger.
“Where’s your brother and the angel?” Fate asked, frantic.
Dean seemed to think it over before shrugging and looking innocently at Cas, “Saturday night?”
Dean grins, “You get to do pretty much whatever you want to do to me, Cas.”
Then Sam scoffs, “Your best friends are a guy and a girl, and you’re bi. You haven’t slept with them either.”
“I should kiss you,” Cas says.
Cas looks confused, “The freak-out? You’re afraid of being serious with someone?”
Sam guffawed.
“Yeah! Wait, no! No, we didn’t plan this,” Dean splutters.
That prompted the guests to disperse to raid the buffet and catch up with people whom had been dead for a while.
Dean and Cas have a harder time letting the trip go.
Cas shrugs, “Yeah.”
“Dude, you’re
Everyone looks ridiculous in their rainbow outfits, and Dean and Cas stand out in their jeans and T-shirts.
impressed by you, so don’t worry about that.”
Cas follows Bobby into the hut. There’s a desk and a table fan and no A/C. The papers on the desk whisper in the wind from the fan but are held down with rocks.
Castiel nods silently when he hands Dean his phone back and Dean smiles at him, so Castiel just smiles back and no one is saying anything; Meg is just standing there, staring up at them with a knowing smile on her face before she interrupts the moment.
it can’t be you,” she grins.
But apparently Dean wants something in return, and he starts on Cas’ shirt buttons with one hand, the other supporting his weight above Cas.
He walks him down in a pair of worn sweatpants and holds the door open. Cas stands on the porch. Their breaths fog but the sun is rising and it’s going to be a warm day. It’s eerily quiet in a way the house almost never is. Most of the inhabitants are still sleeping, if not all.
Castiel makes way to the couch and puts the coffees down on the table. He puts his hands out to still Dean, because he’s apparently still a wounded animal, “Wait a second, Dean. This is the Biochemistry compendium you printed earlier today, right?”
Anna explains the evenings proceedings, “You’ll be split into a main course-group and a dessert-group, and when everything is done you can either stay at enjoy your creations with us, or you can take it home in Tupperware that can be purchased.”
“Wow,” Dean mumbles but otherwise keeps quiet to let Castiel continue.
Dean’s hesitation to reply is enough of an answer.
He almost wanted to just go up on stage right then and pull Dean to him and kiss him, and tell him that he’d always have time for him. Nothing would ever be more important.
“Mostly,” Dean says before squinting at her, “How’s that relevant?”
“No, no, I don’t,” Dean waves his hands to indicate he doesn’t at all, “Jimmy is, like, a different person. It’s you, Cas, that I…” he trails off, not prepared to say it, “Well, I just… I prefer you.”
Then: “Thank you,” at the same time.
Dean rolls his eyes, which hurts him enough that he has to get up to get his glasses from the bathroom, “We're not dating," he mumbles, and then looks at Sam, "Did we talk about the porn star thing last night?”
He waves and catches Cas’ attention. It’s not like he’s hard to spot, it’s early evening, barely 6pm, and the bar’s patrons can be counted on two hands.
The main living room is one giant pillow fort. He can’t even imagine where they got all those pillows from.
seems to need a ride too. Is he spending the night at your apartment too?” Ellen asks, face sly as she busts Dean in a way that Dean can’t even respond to. He just knows he’s outed.
in one. He’s wearing a tank top and it’s the beginning of November for chrissake.
Dean looks at him before looking out the window, chewing one finger nail as he reigns back his temper, “So yeah, nothing new.” He always ends up feeling a thousand times shittier when he takes it out on Sam.
Dean can feel Cas’ hard cock against his ass where it’s grinding into him hard. One of Cas’ hands lets go of his hip to sneak down his pants, stroking Dean’s hardening dick through the panties.
Castiel did a visible double-take, “You what?”
Castiel had shed his trench coat earlier, with much ado and help from Kevin, Dean and Sam, and Dean had sat back to enjoy the view. Castiel had assimilated quite nicely. Don’t get Dean wrong, the dude was still a weirdo, but he wore T-shirts and jeans instead of his lame tax accountant outfit from before. And damn, those T-shirts did him justice.
Castiel slid a worksheet in front of him, “That’s what I thought.”
They kiss and wash, and kiss and dry off, and they make it out of the bathroom but to the bed and not out the door, and Castiel isn’t even mad about the lost day’s worth of work.
“Shut up,” Cas says, pushing Dean’s knee playfully. His hand lingers and his eyes ask the next question.
“Thanks,” he mumbles and dips two fingers into the balm.
He starts making his way toward the entrance when Bobby calls out. He’s only a few steps away.
Castiel doesn’t say anything, just stares at Dean with those penetrative eyes of his. When he does speak it’s not what Dean expects: “I didn’t know you smoked weed.”
The blonde teenager that had teased Dean last night unties a motor boat and with a hard push with her foot, it comes free, rocking a few feet from the dock. The girl takes a few steps back and runs to jump onto the boat. She throws her fists up in victory, and blushes when she catches Cas looking at her. He just smiles and gives her a thumbs up.
Dean is over the moon, really, he is, but he hasn’t told either Bobby or Ellen that he likes boys. That he likes one boy in particular, whom they were introduced to about half an hour ago and who keeps trying to hold Dean’s hand but Bobby is sitting
“No, I know, I just mean… Generally? Lately?”
Cas is snoring softly when Dean comes back, and Dean puts the tray down carefully before crawling onto the bed and sitting down next to him.
Dean breathes in. “Must be a joke.”
Cas tilts his head and with a straight face he says, “Aren’t you a little old to be trick or treating?”
“Well, we figured… since you and Cas came back right in time for it… We just wanted to be supportive,” Benny says.
Dean kind of wants to see this guy high. He brings the laptop and charger to the bed and places them next to his pillow, “It’s memory foam. Wicked expensive but worth every fucking double shift. Now scoot,” he gently kicks Cas’ shin that’s hanging over the edge of the bed.
Dean groans and leans his elbows on the desk. Charlie is coming soon and he can’t wait because he doesn’t have the energy for this and Charlie is usually pretty good at carrying him.
Dean wonders what Cas is doing. How pissed he’d be if Dean called him right now.
Sam sits down next to him, eyes glued to his big brother’s face, “You didn’t?”
Castiel shrugged, “I think it’s nice.”
As the guy makes his way up to the counter, Dean realizes it’s not a hallucination. Or if it is he’s having a psychotic episode, because this guy still looks like that. Or his features are the same, but there’s been no hair and makeup department getting him ready and, oh yeah, he’s also fully clothed. But Dean is certain. In front of him is Jimmy Novak, king of double penetration and bondage.
Dean mutters an apology.
“You certainly have the observing thing down to an art,” Dean says. Castiel frowns and turns like he’s been slapped. He doesn’t respond, instead turning his back to Dean and starting to take in the bayou. He takes out his iPad to take notes, and hears Dean huff behind him. Luckily he doesn’t say anything.
, because Dean hooking up with this girl just means less competition for Meg.
Castiel shook his head, muttering a small “No” under his breath.
Dean answered, “Yeah, it’s going alright. I mean it’s not perfect, but opening night never is. No major fuck-ups from any department yet though. Victor’s ankle was acting up last night, but I think he’s doing okay.”
is beyond him.
Dean rolled his eyes playfully, “Finally. I’ve only been here for an hour.”
She returns the exact same grin, “Three dudes and blue anal beads. They were on a patio.”
Castiel is still propped up in his elbows, but he leans over and runs the tips of his fingers along Dean’s hairline, down his temple and cheekbone, cupping his jaw. There are many things he wants to say but he doesn’t say a one.
Charlie knits her eyebrows, “Cas? I thought you two were doing great? Looked pretty cozy at your birthday.”
Cas chuckles, “But Dean, you don’t. I’ve met all your friends. You skyped Sam from my apartment the other day.” He stops before going on. “I guess this is why I thought you were out already.”
“What did he say?” Sam asks.
Dean feels bad but he’s not sure if he should or how to apologize. “In New York as well?”
“You don’t think they would approve of you?” Castiel asks, tipping his head to the side with the question.
Castiel knows Dean studies some sort of engineering and that he’s apparently wicked smart, and that he’s a member of the abomination that is delta kappa psi. Oh, and that his daily schedule outside classes happens to be all but identical to Castiel’s.
“Gah! What are you doing here?” Cas asks, nearly dropping the wooden spoon.
He pushes him off and Cas kicks him in the shin as unconscious revenge but sleeps on.
Dean chuckles. Cas is so not that type of business major. You know, with the country clubs and the golf and the yachts, and what have you. He’s the nerdy type. “Right. The dude wears converse all stars.”
There’s some rustling and then the bed dips when Cas sits down. He runs his fingers across Dean’s scalp.
“I can drop you off if you don’t mind picking Sammy up first,” Dean says, and Cas takes the deal, and kisses Dean once more in the dark before they exit the graveyard and find their way back to the lit up road hand in hand.
Dean wakes up in a pool of his own sweat. His t-shirt is sticking to his back, and he feels like he’s suffocating under the covers and under Cas’ arm. And hey, that
. If this house knows, all the frats know, which means all the sororities know, which means everyone knows,” Dean says, and he can hear the theatricality.
Castiel looked down at his hands, “Yes,” he looked up at Dean, determined, “You were great.”
Cas’ hand curls around Dean’s dick and Dean tips his head backwards in pleasure, resting it on Cas’ shoulder. Cas bites his neck.
“-Cause I’m within the lines, you know, and I already registered my car with the school.”
Castiel looked taken aback, “Uhm, yes. I am.”
-----
2) Dean’s favorite porn star has a crush on him. Not that it’s not reciprocated.
Cas doesn’t have a beer belly or anything. He doesn’t drink beer for one, and two he runs almost everyday back home. And he knows he has a pretty good body for being 39. Meg certainly tells him enough. But it’s the “for being 39” that’s the problem. Because Dean’s body is good. For being 21. And that’s just a whole other grade. His skin is smooth, it’s soft, it’s pulled tight in all the right places, not to mention covered in freckles and farmer tans
Dean looked… somewhat impressed. He went to an expensive private school and Castiel knew that competition there was fierce. But maybe everyone was used to just having things handed to them.
Mom flipped a long, blonde lock of hair over her shoulder and popped her hands up on her hips, “Not on Mondays. Which is when you’ll go. And Sunday mornings.”
“Hey babe,” Cas says, voice low, only meant for Dean as he gets positioned.
For all his redeeming qualities, Cas sure had an attitude, and Dean was half scared to tell him the bad news.
Dean tips his head back and laughs, and it’s embarrassing, really, how Cas’ stomach feels warm with emotion at that.
in the library. Eventually Castiel had just told him to read the textbook, while he’d gone to a different table to grade the quizzes.
Not until she says the next thing: “Yeah, and he’s an oversharer, so I hope you’re not shy,” and then she leaves, cackling at Dean’s middle finger, to serve another customer.
“How do I get to the bayou?” He squints again because now he’s already started.
“I’m sorry?” Dean says, picking up his cup of the party’s last root beer.
Hanna lifted her eyebrows, “Tutoring Dean, huh?”
Gabriel stills, gulps. “Okay.”
They drive up to Santa Cruz Harbor on the first Saturday of Spring break. Dean’s wearing his lime green flip flops even though they suck to drive in, just to annoy Cas. He, in turn, wears his converse all stars even though it’s a million degrees, just to annoy Dean.
He could tell Sam. He’s pretty sure that he could say anything to Sam and find acceptance. But he doesn’t need the soul-searching questions that are sure to follow if he tells Sam.
at Rainbow, and he’s supposed to do after show entertaining and bartending for an hour before he can go home.
Dean rolls his eyes. “This is ridiculous. My old laptop was worth a
“What class do you have right now?” Viktor asked.
Dean outright beams.
! And I called him by his porn name! To his face!
“You got a favorite place?” Dean asks. “We go to the B a lot, because they do happy hour, but they don’t have draught.”
But if Dean wasn’t failing anymore, it meant that soon they probably wouldn’t get to see each other anymore. Not knowing what Dean had meant would be a regret that Castiel wasn’t sure he could live with.
Castiel smiles shyly back and shakes his head, “I haven’t, actually. I did see the Hobbit with my brother when it came out though.”
“Oh, you’re already ready, thank the lord!” Ruby sighs dramatically. She’s wearing a huge red wig, that kind of reminds Dean of those judge wigs or whatever, and a red dress with a huge slit showing off her entire thigh, and red shoes with a huge platform and heel.
“At ten thirty in the evening? You’re just out for a stroll?” Dean asked, disbelief evident in his tone.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Castiel stopped chewing on his pencil and looked at her, “Uh… No. I guess I’ll do it today.”
Dean taps his leg playfully with his foot. “How sweet.”
“Heh, yeah,” Cas says. He scratches the back of his head nervously before collecting his hands in his lap and looking back at Dean. “I ask because I’ve been thinking about kissing you for the better part of the last two hours.”
But whatever. He had promised his mom he would not make any more fuzz about it, and it was just four hours a week. And Castiel really was cute.
Dean’s strategy is apparently just to brute force it, and he wiggles the motor by the steering stick a bit before pulling the engine. The motor splutters but doesn’t start. Dean tries again.
Dean smiled wide. He had one foot in.
Dean wakes up, the weight of Castiel half draped over him kind of comfortable, kind of making him queasy with the pressure on his stomach.
Castiel almost rolled his eyes affectionally. Ten thirty was hardly the middle of the night, even if it was past his usual bedtime. “I uh… I was waiting for you, so my ride left.”
Sam looks painfully conflicted, “Promise you’ll eat. And sleep.”
Castiel looks up at Dean, still slightly bent over the menu. Dean knows he’s counting years. If a second-year grad student is turning twenty-six, he must’ve wasted some time. And that’s true, Dean did.
They head back to Dean’s hut for a quick change out of wet shorts and for Cas’ bag, and then Dean drives them to the small town.
He’s smiling down at Cas and leans over him on his arms, but holds back, looking unsure. Castiel leans up on his elbows and pulls Dean’s mouth to his, tasting his release on the younger man’s tongue.
Cas shrugs, “So? Moving in together before three months is the gay thing to do.”
“Right,” Dean mulls, “So what happened just now, tonight?” He has to ask.
, is still smiling, at least. He is the one to interrupt the moment as well, "So, dinner? When were you thinking?”
“Hello Charlie,” he nodded at her and turned his gaze to Dean. “Dean.”
While Dean and Benny are busy communicating through head gestures and eye rolls, Cas excuses himself to go say hi to Charlie and Mick.
Maybe that’s why he says what he says next: “You don’t exactly work a solitary job yourself.” He’s smirks while he says it because it’s meant to be teasing, but he regrets it the second the words have left his mouth. They are nowhere
John had gotten her one of those shiny, fancy stainless-steel espresso machines last Christmas. Most likely out of guilt. No one in the household particularly cared about the quality of their coffee as much as they cared about their caffeine levels. Dean had spent too much time hating John already, and if John wanted to pretend that fancy kitchen appliances made up for abandonment then Dean didn’t care enough to fight about it anymore.
-----
Dean frowned, “Why? You’re cute.” From what he remembers from public school, that was all it took to be with the in crowd.
Therefore, Dean thinks his freak-out is long overdue and he’s entitled.
They spend the next four hours out there. For a long time just laying as they are, chatting easily, joking. Flirting. Kissing. Then Dean sails them a bit further, where the water is even clearer, and he washes cum out of his shorts and splashes Cas with water when he makes fun of him for it.
That’s why Dean’s off by an hour when he calls Cas to wish him a happy new year.
“Dean, we are already both romantically and sexually involved. This won’t change anything,” Castiel said.
There’s been mixed reactions. Or… not that mixed really. Mostly surprise or disapproval or judgment, and funny enough no one clapped their hands with glee at the news.
They were quick to cover themselves with the sheet, however, leaving the cherub the odd man out again.
“You don’t have to make an innuendo out of it but yeah,” Dean looked questioningly at Cas, like he didn’t understand the suspicion, “It’s not like we’re studying right now either, is it?”
Dean gapes but the panic is momentary before his flirt reflexes take over. Maybe because he’s been thinking something similar. He smirks, “No wonder you struggle so much with microeconomics then.”
When Dean’s stomach rumbles loudly they sail back in search of lunch.
He still hasn’t come out after Castiel is done putting on his shoes, so he sticks his head into the bathroom. Dean is still observing that shower.
Castiel frowned, “
The waitress laughs, “Thanks, sweetie, you two have a good day now.”
Castiel watches in horror as one of the big guys, easily a twelve footer, nears the end of the boat.
Castiel throws out his piece of floss and goes to pack his bag, leaving Dean in the bathroom.
“Dude!” Dean complains.
Castiel tries not to scowl. He hears the familiar rumble of Dean’s outrageous car and gets up suspiciously fast to avoid Meg’s teasing.
Dean stood up then, grinning at their stupid game, “I can’t think without food! Cas, I need the muffin!”
“God, you are so irresponsible!” The voice of a boy is saying.
Castiel tipped his head, considering his words, “You’ll… take what you can get?”
“You got a text,” Sam says uselessly.
Dean locks his phone and smiles up at Cas, “Let’s get out of here.”
“Hey,” Gabriel says, tone sharp, and Anna’s boyfriend looks up, surprised. Dean and Cas look up in surprise too, because they didn’t hear what warranted Gabriel’s angry voice. “You can cut that shit right out.”
Sam asks if Castiel is still there and Jo hits Dean’s arm, “Dude!” she whisper-yells, “Can we talk about the fact that you’re dating a
Dean tells him and Sam logs into his student email, “There’s PDF,” Sam tells him, “Do you want me to read it to you?”
Dean is messing around under the hood, hands covered in oil when his phone plings. It’s lying on the front seat, next to where Sam is chilling, listening to music coming from it.
“Which one was it?” he leans closer to her, grinning mischievously.
They’re standing in line when someone grabs Dean’s arm.
Dean hates himself.
Dean nods in understanding, “Wow, I thought you’d been here much longer. Wait, are you on your first year of grad school?”
“She was a fairy, dude,” Dean says.
Cas rolls his eyes. “They’re being supportive then. Speaking of, are we going to go to that?”
They’re getting off stage and Dean thinks he sees Cas among the audience out of the corner of his eye, but… that can’t be right? The fucker was supposed to be with Sam. If Sam had ditched him for Jo, Dean was going to kick his ass.
Dean rolled one finger over the bottom of the steering wheel, fidgeting, “We’re still gonna hang, right?”
Dean looked at Cas in silence for a second, “I'm not just saying this to get out of studying but do you wanna do something else?”
Dean couldn’t help it, he burst out in laughter. Castiel squinted, “What’s so funny?”
He can feel Sam and Bobby staring at him too. He doesn’t know why they all care suddenly. Dean pretty much
Cas doesn’t respond. Not in any other way than snaking his hand out from under the cover and around Dean’s back, feeling his bare hip.
Dean looks pale. “Well, I can’t reach it from here so..”
,” he growls between his teeth, tapping the screen aggressively with his index finger. He’s about to use his fist when someone clears their throat next to him, making Dean take a step back and there’s fucking Jimmy Novak, own empty cardboard cup in hand, quickly pressing the ‘filter coffee’ button, then the one labeled ‘medium’. Brown liquid steams into Dean’s cup under the tap.
Castiel twirls his coffee cup between long fingers. It reminds Dean of a video with anal beads, and fuck man, he’d been doing so well on the whole separating Jimmy from Cas-thing. He’s proud to announce he hasn’t been on that site for three weeks now!
But he’s ready now, with
“Just… Group assignments with Neanderthals, and a B minus in history, and then my brother’s visit, of course, as just the cherry on top.” Castiel shared.
Dean tried not to look panic-stricken at being outed, “Uh only in biology.”
“Dean?” his voice is a bit clearer and there’s some ruffling like Cas is sitting up. “Are you alright?”
Castiel can tell just from observing this now, and from last night, that this is a very different lifestyle.
Sam doesn’t reply so Dean goes on: “He kissed me. After we had dinner and at the party. And the next day he barely even looked at me. Like yeah, I need to get laid but that’s not my issue with Cas. I just want to know what the fuck we’re doing.” Dean feels a little like a bitch for complaining about lack of communication.
“Obvious how?” Cas asks, landing right next to Dean.
Still nothing new or groundbreaking. Still made Dean achingly hard.
“Cas, I gotta go,” he says when Sam opens the car door.
It’s close to an hour later, Cas is covered in powder, and Dean’s eyes are red from being poked with eyeliners, mascara wands and eyelashes, and they’ve had to reapply his lipstick five times because they kept making out, but they’re finally done.
“You’re right on time, B. Dean’s gushing over cute porn guy,” Charlie grins and curls a fist under her chin to rest on.
“Yeah?” Dean had tried to catch his eyes again.
They drive for a bit, while Cas musters up courage. “Just so you know, I will give you the time of day.”
“Or Dean can pick you up and drop you off. Figure that out with him,” the man opens the back door to a jeep and throws in Cas’ suitcase. It’s Burberry and Cas can hear the cover being scratched. Bobby gestures for Cas to get into the passenger seat, and with a bit of momentum and a big lunge Cas manages.
He puts on coffee before anything, and then starts frying off the bacon. He’d play grade A brother and boyfriend by pretending he’s making bacon bit pancakes for their sake, but truthfully, he just really wants bacon bit pancakes. With syrup and butter. So much butter.
It’s more like friends, Dean guesses. Because they have a lot of fun together and he wants to spend all his time with Cas and he’s always on his mind. Okay, so not like any other friend that Dean has ever had. ‘S not like he habitually sleeps with his friends either. Or is completely in love with them.
Everyone is already there when Dean and Castiel arrive at the café the next day. They’re sitting out on the patio since the weather is nice, glasses of juice and mugs of coffee dotting the table.
“I was, uh,” Castiel squints, “Scared you were mean?” he looks at his feet.
Dean smirks, “And are we?”
“Just take it,” Dean mumbles.
“Wait, you didn’t even talk to him?” Hanna asked Cas.
He’s about to open the door to the front passenger seat for her when Dean beats him to it, opening the door from inside. But apparently with a different motive, “Hop in, Cas. You should be in front, you have longer legs.”
were 26 letters enough to form so many words. Those letters had just been picked out to be in the alphabet,” Castiel shares.
Dean sighs, slumping against the counter and runs a hand over his face, “Yeah, school. Work, Cas. It’s everything. Money.”
He hands Cas a cup and fills another for himself when Benny makes his way over, donning fake teeth and a satin shirt.
“Yeah. They wouldn’t let me in,” Dean says.
“You know what, shut your lime green flip flops wearing ass up,” he says back with a whole lot of attitude, and Benny dies laughing.
Castiel chuckled, “Fine. But only because you got a 100% in prepositions.”
“Well, that’s good,” Hanna put her hand on his shoulder, “I’m glad for you, I am, Cas. I just thought we agreed on this.”
Castiel frowns, “Huh?”
Castiel holds both of Dean’s hands in his, “Why would I?”
She’s talking to a group of people and Cas doesn’t know any of them so he sits down on the curb instead. He follows her with his eyes as her and Alistair part from the bigger clique and he doesn’t even look away when Dean joins him, sitting next to him on the curb. When they start making out, he shifts his eyes to his clasped hands between his knees.
“Did you see the three motherfuckers over there?” Dean asks, and Cas barely catches a nod towards a tree around fifty yards from them. To the untrained eye they’d look like logs floating in the water, but Castiel is not untrained. He turns to them and starts writing. They don’t do much. Nothing, in fact.
“I want to marry you.”
Bobby nods. “Better than art.”
Castiel did his best not to blush and failed miserably when Hanna burst out laughing, “I see, very busy tutoring,” she shot him a look.
He leaves the bedroom in favor of the living room and finds Cas on the first try. He’s sitting in the windowsill, the large window cracked and making Cas’ hair flow around the nape of his neck. He’s only wearing a pair of boxers. Dean’s boxers, actually, that he must have snatched from the floor amidst his fleeing.
“I’m not but Meg’s an idiot, so,” he shrugs and puts down the coffee.
Castiel stares at him. Does he look like a frat bro? What would he have tickets for?
“How scandalous of you,” Gabriel says sounding way too happy about it.
Dean is interrupted before he can reply by Benny stomping snow off his boots, right there on the library carpet, “Fuck me, it’s cold out there.” He takes a seat on Dean’s other side and nearly hits Dean in the face with a wet and cold coat sleeve.
“Dean, that’s great!” Jo says.
Castiel bites him gently on his bottom lip for that. He pulls back after soothing it with his tongue and leans against the desk, facing Dean. “You could come here after your classes,” he says.
Castiel doesn’t even flinch and Dean is grateful. He’s behaving like a real prick. “We can go back to mine?”
It happens a few times on the trip too, and then he’ll get up and meet Balthazar at the coffee maker, and they’ll drink their coffee on the deck while the sun rises.
Hanna shrugged, “Of course. Unless you’d rather go alone?”
Dean looked at him and wiped a tear from the corner of his eye, “I know, I know. I’m sorry. It’s very sweet of you,” he grinned and accepted the rose.
Dean pulls up to the curve with the window open. He whistles as he gives Meg a once-over, and Castiel suddenly remembers his mission. He quickly extends a hand to help Meg to her feet.
This is it! I don't wanna complain about my own fic but this was supposed to be a rom-com. That clearly didn't happen lol but oh well
He’s sweating and cursing, and might’ve bruised Cas with how hard he’s gripping his bicep, before Cas finally pulls his fingers out to replace them with the real deal.
It’s clear that Jimmy, the fucker, knew that that was what Dean meant in the first place when he actually smiles. At Dean. He reels it in to respond, “Ah, no. I took my BA at NYU.”
“Do you think I can talk to him now?” Castiel said.
Castiel smiles and nods. He puts what Dean realizes is his missing jacket down on the next chair and then takes his seat. What if he’s just here to return it?
, but the intent was clear.
He shrugs, “My friends and I are going out, do you wanna come?”
Balthazar waves him off and grabs both of their duffel bags out of the trunk without asking, leaving Dean and Cas awkwardly empty-handed as they walk down the dock.
He knows she knows who he is, and he really does think he might have a chance if that darn frat boy to Dean freaking Winchester would just lay off. He isn’t even cool either, in spite of the frat bro status. He seems cool, with the backwards caps and constant minimum of three accompanying friends, but Cas knows better. He’s just a dork. And his lips are too full. Lashes too long. He’s too pretty to be attractive, that’s why Castiel stares. It’s not because of flattering sweatpants on bowlegs or the sharp cheekbones.
“Are you guys… Like, did you seal the deal or whatever?”
Castiel knits his eyebrows together in consideration, “And here you are, a grad student. You must be proud.”
“You aiming for kissing anyone special at midnight?” Benny asks.
Benny and Dean mutter pleasantries.
Dean gulps. A lanky teenager appears behind Dean, walking around him. He looks very sullen and doesn’t say anything to either of them, just heading for a jeep.
Dean scowls, “Enlighten me.” He refuses to cry here, in front of her, and he tenses his jaw and channels it into anger instead.
“I need fucking silence! How can you work in these circumstances?” he scowls at the bookshelf next to him, which he knows hides the offending girls.
“What are good majors? What do you major in again?” She asks.
“Huh…” he mumbles, mostly to himself.
He moves his hand to hold his cheek, and leans in and presses his own lips against Cas’. They’re soft against those too. Dean leans back and ignores his desperate sigh, before tilting his head and leaning back in.
“And also so your ass would be there.”
“Hopefully I don’t have to hear about how useless you are without it anymore,” Cas says and it doesn’t come out how it was supposed to. These things never do, with Cas. Dean mutters a sorry and Castiel winces at himself. And this happens a few times. Quite a few times. Enough times that in the end, Dean barely speaks to Cas.
“Novak” is all it says, written with marker on a piece of printer paper. An older man is holding the sign. Cas takes in the dirty trucker cap and the dirty vest and the dirty cargo shorts as he approaches. He doesn’t mean to stereotype but Florida just has a reputation that Cas couldn’t avoid hearing about.
“What a lovely couple’a fellas. I’m Crowley. Or you may get to know me more as Ms. Rainbow. I’m the foundress of this club.”
Dean checks his own phone and ignores the notifications in favor of the clock. It’s 9PM and Dean has done fuck all on his Specific Aims or literature list and he’s working a double tomorrow. “Fuck, yeah, I should have left like three hours ago!”
Charlie snorts. “I think
“Yeah, baby, give me a second,” Cas mumbles against Dean’s mouth, rutting against Dean and still working his hand over Dean’s cock.
“I’m getting you a Pepsi,” Dean elbowed him and made his way to the machine.
Dean bit his lower lip and Castiel couldn’t help but to follow the movement with his eyes. “Cas, I like you so much that I did my homework so that we didn’t have to study tonight.”
When he goes home that night he jerks off to one last video of his customer, telling himself that he’ll cancel it after.
“Dean, it’s not like Bobby would ever care about that,” Sam says. Hearing it now Dean finds that it’s the truth. Dean could probably date a dead opossum and Bobby wouldn’t care.
Castiel squints, “
They sat down on the row across from Charlie, a few computers down, and Hanna logged on.
Dean nods in confirmation.
Dean snaps his laptop closed, closes his eyes and inhales deeply through his nose.
The cherub nodded and showed them the arrows marked
“Hey, you asked!” Dean protests. He writes the answer from his calculator on his paper.
Castiel flushes, “I-I uh…” he stammers before he remembers Meg is right there and he’s supposed to be impressing her, “I maintain a 4.0.” He changes direction before he can bring up the scholarships. He hates bragging. “You do engineering, right? Not a light subject either.”
Dean gasped, “Mom! It’s what I
The cargo shorts are hung low on the boy’s hips and god, is he going commando or what is going on there? Castiel swallows and averts his gaze. He doesn’t look back at the young man until Bobby gestures to him.
“So… How’s it going? The show is fantastic,” Charlie started.
He should have told Dean he was coming, Castiel thought as he started his walk. At least then Castiel could have known not to let Hanna and Charlie leave without him.
“Sammy wants to come over this weekend but I have shows Friday and Saturday. Would you mind, like… entertaining him or whatever on those nights?” He’s holding the phone away from his face, but judging from the tinny whine Sammy can still hear him.
“You should go get the lube,” Dean gasps.
He fills the three cups and Meg calls his name to say his muffin is done. He snatches the plate from her and keeps glaring when he notices her begging eyes, “Will you give this to the guy down there? Table 13.”
“I really do,” Dean coos into the phone.
Charlie rolled her eyes before smiling brightly again, “Hey Cas, how’s the whole dating thing going?”
Carmen for fuck’s sake, why is this so different?
“So what time is it?” He asks then, playful tone to match his smile.
Dean grabs a cardboard cup and writes the coffee order on it, checking the box for vanilla syrup, “Is that to go?”
They parted after a moment and gazed at each other. Dean looked beautiful in the light from the street lamp filtering in through the windshield. His eyes were searching Castiel’s face, or maybe just taking it in. Castiel definitely felt observed.
Where Anna is reserved and Castiel is sarcastic, Gabriel stands out as the extrovert in the herd. He's the eldest, but acts the youngest. He thinks Dean is ridiculous for being in a frat, but they instantly get along. He broke up with his girlfriend this morning (for the fourth time this year according to Cas), so he’s flying solo.
So Dean does. And the surface of their kitchen drawers. And Cas fucks into him for just a moment longer, curses under his breath and pulls out in time to come all over Dean’s back and ass.
“So how’s it going with Cas?” Sam asks on FaceTime.
Castiel’s eyes shone brightly as Dean followed, walking next to Bobby, another stunner not letting death destroy his looks or disposition.
Benny is away for a gig in another club but Dean is going on stage with three other queens.
“Uhm, yeah. If you’re sure,” he tells Cas, because there must be a reason he hasn’t been invited inside before.
Castiel understands the dismissal and slumps back in his seat.
Dean was silent for a moment, “… What if he does?”
Benny gets the $10 bill from Dean and saunters off, putting his cap back on his head. His laptop, books and bag are all still left by their table. They’re not going anywhere soon.
“Oh, just work.” He’s not sure he’s ready to lay this on Sam quite yet. It had been kind of a… a
“Gotcha,” Dean says on his way out of the door, shrugging Sam’s old jacket on. His jacket is still at Castiel’s apartment, and he still hasn’t called.
“I know,” Cas says, clearly not angry at her. Actually, he barely seems fazed at all. He turns to Dean and asks: “Are you okay?”
At first, he doesn’t really engage with Dean and Cas. Dean doesn’t really think anything of it. He’s more focused on his first time meeting Cas’ siblings, and besides Anna’s boyfriend is brand new, so he figures the guy is shy.
“Boys, be nice,” she notes absentmindedly and looks over Cas’ arm at the poster before shrugging, “Might be fun.”
“Right,” Cas says, leaning his forearms on the bar while he waits for the server to get their order. “Moonshine,” he says, with a little
“It’s the biochemistry nomenclature compendium?”
“Hello, excuse me,” he says to the woman there.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well! Lilith and Ruby, come over here,” two lanky men in various stages of makeup and dress come over, “You’ll be darlings and see to getting these fellas ready for tonight, won’t you? Thanks,” Crowley ‘muas’ air kisses at them and turns back to Charlie.
The not-blood family leaves the next day with a lot of hugs for people so emotionally constipated, and Bobby pulls Dean close to tell him “I’m proud of you, son. Even if your old man can’t see it, I hope you know that we can.” And that’s the most genuine Dean has ever heard him be.
“Yeah, whatever. Where’ve you been anyway? Looks like you haven’t slept in a year.”
fucking hates it when it’s Sam.
Besides he hadn’t told anyone about that interview, not even Sam, because Sam was top of his class and had a law school interview coming up and Dean didn’t want to take away from that.
“It’s because he’s been too busy spending all his time with Cas this semester to even notice any girls,” Victor says from the couch. And why doesn’t he go make himself useful instead of making things complicated in here?
“So you’re not…?” Castiel
“Hey,” he smiles at her.
He faces Cas, who smiles softly at him, like he didn’t just fuck him like
“Anyway, call me,” Dean says and hugs Sam in a very manly way.
“Whatever. How long are you staying, Jo?” Dean asks.
Castiel tips his head to one side, frowning in confusion, “Had what wrong?” Dean’s butterflies multiply.
?” Castiel stutters.
Dean twists his head, making sure he just heard that correctly. He knows the term, has heard it before. But never in a million years had he expected
“Dude!” Dean turned to her, flabbergasted, “Aren’t the wings going to be in the way?”
Castiel draws lines in his ketchup with a fry, “It’s just a job,” he says with a slight shrug.
He gets home and turns on the light and music and even the TV but it doesn’t make him feel any less lonely. He works on his comp exam and sends an email to Cain that he knows he won’t get a reply to before he sees him next week anyway.
Dean doesn’t carry a grudge against her but gives her space.
Pamela’s grinning too, and offers, “It’s nice to meet you. He talks a lot about you.” She gestures to Dean with her head. Castiel smiles and Dean doesn’t even blush.
Castiel frowns in confusion and what looks like mistrust so Dean squeezes his hand tight.
Cas smiles at him, genuine. He’s missed Dean. No matter how short a time has passed, he’s missed him.
Charlie holds up a finger, “Nah! Nah-ah, Dean, nice try. You haven’t had dinner for
Dean couldn’t help it, he broke down in laughter and Charlie followed. “Not me!” she laughed.
Dean knew it was there, and he traces a finger over the C of Castiel’s name. It’s in his boyfriend’s handwriting and Dean is hit by a strike of arousal at knowing how possessive his boyfriend is over
Hanna hesitated, “You sure the break is a good time? Doesn’t he have to, like, stay focused?”
Dean leaned back in his chair, an eyebrow raised in defiance, “3.30? Sorry mom, no can do. The bus takes half an hour to just get home.” When he gets the distinct feeling that she’s not listening to a word he’s saying he leans forward over the island top again, “Mom! Then I have to
Dean shrugs. “I’ve gone the other two years. And I almost have no memories from those trips because we get so fucked up.”
“I’m not ready for that step yet, with you. I hate to sound like a ‘tease’ or to make this into too big of a deal, but I just…” He trails off, seeming to have trouble wording what he wants to say.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says. He takes Dean’s offered hand and steps into the boat.
“It’s 11,” Cas deadpans, clearly not as drunk as Dean.
“It was good to see you, man. If things don’t work out with your fella, you should give me a call. Or even if they do, and you want me to beat your ass at Diablo for old times’ sake.”
Castiel leaned back in his seat and exhaled through his nose before looking at Dean. “Trying,” he said, but he did not seem mad at Dean anymore.
At least he wakes up next to Cas.
Castiel takes offense at that. “I can’t believe I’m going to die out here because of some cocky little kid who would do such a stupid thing to impress me.”
Dean looks up at Cas, red-faced no doubt, and breathing heavily, “Huh? No! Fuck, I fucking forgot half my shitty compendium at the fucking library!”
“Hey, so how cool was Charlie’s costume?” he says when he can’t remember any more of the song.
“Sorry, Crowley!” He yells over his shoulder to where Crowley is hidden (but apparently all-seeing) in the staff room. He gives Castiel an apologetic look.
“Uuuhhh,” Cas blushes. And he usually has such a good poker face. He knew he shouldn’t have posted that photo, no matter how inconspicuous. It showed Castiel standing in the boat with his Fjällräven shorts and bucket hat, Bobby standing on the dock, and another guy next to him, Dean’s friend Ash, holding a baby alligator, while Dean sat at the end of the boat, in a ratty t-shirt and a bright smile.
The guy held his hands and a half-eaten Red Vine up in defence and got up from where he had been seated on a step. “Let me give you a hand, buddy. My own appointment is already fifteen minutes late, so it’s not like I have anything better to do.” It sounded condescending but when Castiel looked back up at him he was smiling mischievously.
“What’s up, sweetheart?” The waitress asks.
is the worried mother hen?
He takes the stuff from Dean’s hands and Dean just stares at him. Jimmy isn’t his real name. People don’t use their real names in porn. He gulps when Jimmy’s fingers brush against his own and then almost passes out when he says, voice low and rumbly, “Always nice to meet a fan.”
“I’m fine,” he pushes away from the counter to grab a cloth and wipe down the espresso machine, “Totally fine. I just spaced out because there’s been nothing to do.”
“Hey kid, how are ya doin’?” Bobby says, voice gruff. Dean can almost see him sitting at his desk, feet propped up on the table and a beer in his hand. Trucker cap dirty and firmly in its place. He feels a little better.
“Sam, what the hell?!” the older Winchester brother yelled, indignified, as he rolled off from straddling the angel’s lap.
But he laughs, loud too. “I make this shit myself. Do I seem blind to you?”
Like this afternoon, a little over a week after the hand-in. He’d had the morning shift and finished at three when Meg came in, but it’s three hours later and he hasn’t left the café yet, still in uniform too, because a day has always had too few hours and he was supposed to study with Aaron.
Dean runs a hand over his mouth, “I don’t know,” he sighs and tips his head back, facing the ceiling, “Fuck, I don’t know.”
Dean bites his lip. He doesn’t really have anymore to say. He starts the car and the atmosphere is a little off as he peels out of the parking lot.
Dean shrugs, “You drunk enough to dance and make out with strangers?”
“But- but you’re…
They just smile stupidly at each other. Dean is not about to kiss Cas in front of everyone and Cas knows that. He doesn’t mind; he’s not much of a PDA type anyway.
So yeah, Cas hadn’t exactly been watching where he was going and he’d knocked his hip into the table, hard too, he still has the bruise, sending the laptop to its death on the living room floor.
? How’s your trip going?? He’s away to shoot porn, what kind of question is that! Dean buries his face in his arms.
Bella’s shoulders slump. She gestures between the two of them. “Before you left, we were practically a thing,” she says, “and this is the most dickish thing you could have done to me. You didn’t even end it, you just came back with a boyfriend old enough to be your father.”
“I’m going to be a dancer - a musical performer,” Dean nodded to convince Castiel that this was a plan - not a dream - as well, “That’s why I spend so much time on training. But I guess I have to keep up with the boring stuff too, huh?”
?” Dean asked, as his resolution at the beginning of each semester was to do more homework but he never made it past one month. If even the first week.
“Hey,” Dean protests and Sam holds his hands up in apology. Dean chews his lip. “Well shit.”
Maybe a tiny little part of him is telling the story because he wants Cas to share something like that too. Dean doesn’t actually know if Cas is gay. He fucks all sort of people in his films. Dean assumes he's attracted to guys because even if Castiel is awkward and goes about it in his own way, he’s pretty sure Cas is flirting with him.
“Wait!” Jimmy says and Dean turns back around. He’s sitting on his hands, moving his feet under the table like he’s nervous or unsure of himself. “What-“ he finally looks away from his notes and up at Dean, “What’s your name?”
“Then why are you consummating your pairing when you haven't been being paired yet?” Fate asked, gesturing to the two of them, naked and sweaty and tangled in damp sheets.
Dean regains composure quickly, “How’s it going?”
“Hah!” Dean grins, “I know! I flavored it with orange blossom though.”
Castiel does look kind of upset. The waitress shifts awkwardly, then says “I’ll give you guys a minute.”
He’s down by the dock soon enough, and there are a few people there. Bobby’s setting off for sail in a bigger boat with a group of English tourists. He nods at Cas when he spots him.
“Dean!” his little brother slams his head on the table next to his ‘no dressing’-Caesar salad.
It only encourages Charlie and Jo who slip dollar bills into his cleavage, and then the rest of the audience is throwing dollar bills at the three queens and Dean thinks he could have probably been a formidable stripper. Or… he guesses he is, right now.
They make it to the building and take the elevator up to Cas’ apartment on third floor, and as Dean stands behind Cas while he unlocks his door, Dean revels in the fact that this is the farthest he’s ever been before. It somehow means something to Dean, but he figures he might be setting himself up for a letdown.
“So what about your sister? She do porn too?”
Dean looks up at Cas, “But you do porn?” He doesn’t understand how those two can work together.
Dean took a deep breath, “I don’t want to break up. I want him, and he doesn’t feel the same way. So I’m not sure I would. It’d be too hard to just sit there while he tells me that I put too much into it, and I was just some stupid kid he was tutoring to him.”
October 23
She rested her hands on her knees to catch her breath before standing up, “Did I upset you?”
Dean tries to send him a look but he’s too slow. The initial interview was a few weeks ago and Dean had a pretty good feeling about it. But everyone who’d been invited for an interview were good, and while Dean was good at what he did, part of him would always be a high school dropout with authority problems. He sometimes feels like people could tell just from looking at him.
Sammy throws the half-filled cup in the trash. Dean isn’t upset. It’s just a damn waste, is what that is. Sam looks kind of worried. “I just don’t think we have that much in common. It will be awkward,” Sam shrugs apologetically.
“Sssh, I’m trying to conceal the bags under your eyes.”
“And I hate you,” Cas says, slapping Dean’s arm.
Dean starts reaching for his things to pack up, “Fine. Sorry. Look, I need to go,” he zips his bag and starts to get up.
“He does a lot of different things, but uh, I think his main thing is porn directing,” Castiel shares and Dean freezes, glass halfway to his mouth.
Castiel walked the last remaining step down the entrance stairs to the school to get to her, “I can’t. I have an appointment at the library.”
“Wait, you’re coming?” Castiel asked her.
Alpha Kappa Lambda hosts a huge party every year and it’s not one Dean wants to miss.
“Comfortable, eh?” he nods at the pants but doesn’t wait for a reply, “Let’s go sit down.”
Dean sits down and pulls Cas with him, and it’s a tight fit but they manage. He finds a beer pushed into his hand, courtesy of Dean.
he’ll be unrecognizable under piles of makeup.
“What if you could have sex with one of us, though?” she said, glint in her eye. Dean could see were this was going, and he should really stop it, but part of him really wanted to know.
Castiel almost reached for him but caught himself at the last second, “I’m sorry too. For making you feel like you were just someone I was tutoring, or just a student job. You never were. You were - you
“What?! Cas, no, not at all!”
“Well, get me a refill too,” he mutters. Advanced molecular genetics is pretty damn advanced but he thinks he’s almost cracked this stupid assignment, if only he could keep from getting fucking distracted every five minutes. It’s really because they’ve been there since 9am and they’ve had far too much coffee to sit still and focus. So the solution is more coffee, obviously. He’s a grad student.
Castiel rolled his eyes but let out a huff of a laugh, “No doubt. But I was referring to the whole load of whites he turned pink yesterday, and the several hours he spent purposefully putting my notes in the wrong folders.”
Charlie frowned at him, “Of course he wants to see you, you dumbass.”
away from his love interests).
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says because while Dean was going through all of those arguments in his head, his feet brought him over to Cas’ table.
Dean slides into the booth, sitting across from Charlie who is already chewing her serving of pancakes.
Because Dean suggests they go for a drink. They’re about a week into the new semester, and they’ve been a little busy, and Dean wants to spend time with Cas. He wants to go on a date with him. And when you’re 21 years old, this is what you suggest:
“Right,” Dean’s still grinning and zips up his pants. “Because having dry cum on my shorts is a lot less inconspicuous than having wet cum on them.”
Castiel gives the patented Grad Student Sigh and rubs his index finger against one temple, “I don’t remember what the floor my apartment looks like because every inch is covered in literature and notes, and I don’t remember the last time I had a proper meal. I suppose that all is par for a grad student, so in that sense it’s going well.”
Castiel was waiting outside of his house when Dean rolled up to the curb. He opened the door from inside and smiled apologetically at Castiel. There had been some tension between them for the first few weeks; misperceptions and misplaced prejudice and in the beginning it had been uncomfortable. But Dean felt like they’d were doing pretty well now.
“Since the first day, really. But even more so after getting to know you,” Castiel says.
“Yeah,” Dean gestures to nothing, “But we don’t know anything for sure. It’d suck if I was doing this at the expense of Sam’s future.”
Cas rolls his eyes but complies. Dean laughs but enjoys the view.
“Asshole” Dean hisses, and feels Cas grin against his jugular.
Castiel peeked around the corner to the living room. His mom was there, the TV turned to E! but she was sending emojis to Gabriel who was away at ‘college’ in Michigan. That was the story if grandma were to ask, anyway.
“I'm honored,” Dean mumbled.
Sam had been wary – could he drink like that two nights in a row? – but Dean had assured him that things didn’t usually get that crazy. Crowley just lets peole drink for free when someone had just come out, and Dean had in a sense come out as a drag queen the night before.
Castiel looked up at her then. Dean’s show. It was soon. He couldn’t believe he’d forgotten about it. “His show?”
Castiel sends Dean an awkward but adorable smile and half-wave, and fuck! Dean really would have liked to apologize for his faux pas before he’d left. And maybe gotten his number this time around.
“Fuck. I gottta go, Dean. I’ll see you soon,” Cas says, picking up his suitcase.
He wakes early the next day and gets ready in cargo
They eat lunch at a small diner that smells like grease and they don’t hold hands but it’s okay as Dean smiles all shy over his cherry coke. Castiel tries not to blush every time Dean puts the straw in his mouth, which has Dean doing all sorts of inappropriate things to the straw and his fries, his burger, even his poor napkin.
“Right, yeah,” Dean extended a hand to help Castiel up, giving Castiel a once-over, “Isn’t this the dream?” he said rather randomly in Castiel opinion.
“Whatever.” Cas rolls over and sits up to get his phone from his pocket. “I’ll let my uncle know.”
“Yeah!” Dean says, taking a deep breath in.
Dean takes a sip of the mulled wine that tastes like ass. “Heh, yeah. I’m seeing someone.”
“So what’s going on?” Cas asks.
He feels the brush on that next, “Thanks for reminding me,” Cas snickers.
“Dean-“
!” He says dramatically, making something Dean can only describe as jazz hands. He’s not sure what a ‘mama’ is, but he hopes it isn’t considered cheating.
Dean shifts the topic to himself because he thinks Cas needs him to: “Sam talked about Stanford all through high school. Just the thought of not living near him, I was completely lost.”
“So what’s this about you not being gay?” Cas asks then.
“Have you finished the flashcards for English?” Hanna asked, scribbling math problems in her notebook.
Cas hesitates. It’s clear that Dean is still upset over the fight. “I’m sorry you fought with your brother.”
It was mom’s turn to roll her eyes then, at his attitude. She fished out her wallet from her purse on the counter though, and handed Dean a twenty-dollar bill, “You should go to the movies or something.”
They hang up shortly after.
“Oh ew!” Sam complains, scrunching up his nose.
He’s not sure how he even made it to grad school.
Charlie looks totally non-judgmental, “Sure.”
The months go by. Dean tells Ellen and Jo about Cas. Jo’s only a little jealous.
Dean tips back in his chair because years of falling on his ass in classrooms have taught him nothing, “I need a break.”
“’Morning Mom,” he greeted her, leaning against the island across from her.
“If they’re already in love then what difference does it make?” Jo, third best man and also radiant despite being long dead, asked.
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel and tried to wiggle his way to make better room for the two of them on Cas’ bed.
But apparently, Dean is done studying it and has come to a conclusion. “Can we have sex in here?” He’s grinning. He already knows he’s going to get what he wants.
Dean moans and Cas clasps his hand over his mouth, even though if someone were to walk into the bathroom they’d know in an instant. But it turns Dean on anyway.
“Well, yeah,” Charlie says.
in powder. He doesn’t have any eyebrows so he looks perpetually confused. He sees Charlie through the mirror and turns around to smile at her, “Long time no see, hon, how’s it going?”
Dean bursts out laughing, which is awkward because his friends are too far away to hear him, and the girl in front of him frowns at him.
There are only a few guests, and Dean wants to get the food and go back to Charlie’s without any distractions but then he hears a familiar voice and without even meaning to, he turns his head in its direction.
They’ve rehearsed all week but Dean has never performed with any of them, has never performed without Benny, and now Cas isn’t even here, and Dean just hopes he makes it through. Before he can work himself into a frenzy the music starts, and he gets fully into character.
“I don’t think so,” Castiel replied, still mostly preoccupied with fingering the pages of his book.
Dean is still turned to the shower wall, breathing hard, as Castiel takes off the condom and ties it before throwing it on the bathroom floor.
“Maybe because you are?” Dean grins at him.
Hanna looked at him but when he didn’t share anything on his own she just mumbled, “Good for him.”
“I’m glad to hear that,” Cas says and kisses Dean’s forehead. He pulls the cover out from under them and wraps it around them. “We should get some sleep.”
Cas shrugs. “So?”
Dean falters. “Uh no? I’m 21.”
“You wanna watch something else?” he asked knowingly, like he’d just been waiting for one of them to say it.
So they wind up at the makeshift bar at the kitchen island, and Dean’s a little fuzzy on the details after that but he’s pretty sure that Cas drinks him completely and utterly under the table, but when he wakes up his abs are sore from laughing and there’s a text from an unsaved number in his phone that reads:
a) meet people
Castiel just flees but Dean makes his order and is told it’s already been paid for before Cas can make it out the door, and Dean looks up to see what beneficial stranger granted him free coffee. He’s smiling until he sees it’s Cas and then his expression folds into one of confusion. He lifts his cup of black coffee in salute or maybe a thank you. Castiel just leaves, trying to cover his blushing cheeks with his home-knitted scarf.
“You were so good tonight, baby. I love seeing you on that stage and knowing that you’re. All. Mine,” Cas growls into his ear and he bends Dean over against one of the sidewalls of the stall.
Especially not when Dean and Meg are standing at the bar, leaning heavily into each other’s space, Dean grinning around a wedge of a tequila-accessorized lemon. Meg is giggling up at Dean. Castiel chews his taco more forcefully as he glares.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Castiel blushed slightly but Dean could not imagine why. He could only think about how cute it was. “Uhm, the jeans… the jeans are nice too,” Castiel all but coughed out.
Benny starts pulling on Dean’s boa and the feel of the soft feather against his bare shoulders seem to get him out of the daze, and he looks at Benny who smiles at him in encouragement, and Dean finally starts lip syncing, making the booing stop. Then he starts cat-walking, shimmying the boa around his shoulders and waist and the audience erupts in delight.
Well, it used to be for practice. Dean’s fluent in car repairs now, so it’s just for something to do while they hang out.
Dean thinks that yeah, he will.
hasn’t unsubscribed from his profile and Castiel or Jimmy (fuck, how does this work?) uploaded something with nipple clasps and a double-ended dildo about a week ago that Dean is having a hard time over, if you catch his drift.
She leans back in her seat with a knowing smile, not grasping that Dean is already reeling. “You know your boyfriend is in the LGBT club with me, right?”
Sam looks down. Dean is pretty sure he has something important to say but Dean doesn’t want to hear it. He wants to get drunk.
Dean sighs into Cas’ mouth, and Cas just takes the opportunity to lick into Dean’s mouth.
But it’s slow. Compared to what Dean is used to, they’re taking things painfully slow. They get close, they’ve made it to the bedroom and their underwear several times but Cas always slows things down, pushes Dean away, gives him that smile, the fucking apologetic one, like he is doing something wrong.
Dean grins. He wants to say something cheesy like
“That’s good,” Castiel said, mouth getting closer, “Since I am tutoring you and all.”
And then he finally fucks him, skin slapping together like they’re in a fucking porn movie, and Dean’s hips are pushed into the edge of the counter, his legs shaking.
He was still pushing his little brother’s head out of the way when he greeted Cas. “Hey Cas,” he smiled and whispered, “Stop kicking!” to his brother behind him.
Dean continues. “I don’t wanna make a big deal of this or anything, but just… it’s just not fair.”
“Impress you?!” Dean barks a laugh. “That’s hilarious! Why would I care what some dusty old professor who can’t even take a joke thinks about me?!”
Castiel leaned back and Dean swore Cas would have blushed if that was a thing he did. “Oh, I don’t know. I’ve thought about it. You are all nice, but outside of you I really do find social interaction quite… terrifying.”
Benny looks kind of confused at the question like they do this every year. Which they certainly don’t.
“Look, I’m sorry. It’s my fault. You’re right, I’m the guide and I shoulda told you no. But I’m gonna get us out of this mess, alright. No gator’s gonna get to munch on you today, alright?” He sounds like he’s trying to give Cas a pep talk. Or himself maybe. But it helps. Dean is smiling, and Cas is reassured. This stuff probably happens all the time.
“Christ, you can be one scary motherfucker, you know that?”
“I believe I’m the one who should be calling him,” Castiel admitted. He’d thought about it all weekend but had a hard time mustering up the courage. Actually, he’d been spending a lot of energy trying not to look at his phone at all.
“No, I- uh… I’m just on my way home,” Castiel explained. Dean didn’t know that Castiel had been at his show, and Castiel suddenly felt shy and embarrassed at having to come clean about it when he hadn’t even talked to him and had just let Charlie do it.
Castiel owns his apartment, and a state of the art bathroom, a smart-home and a washer and dryer. Dean benefits from all of it, so he’s not mad about it.
Castiel chuckled off, “Yeah, I guess our focus isn’t at its best today.”
“Well, there you go.” The doorman says. “I’ll have to ask you to step aside. There are other people waiting.”
When Dean gets his break he notices a missed call from John and one from Bobby, and when he returns from break Meg says he’s so pale that he should go home and let her cover for him because she’s worried he’ll be sick all over the baked goods display.
At least he makes them all laugh.
He gets engulfed in the thesis work soon enough, and makes it 655 words before he feels like throwing his laptop across the room again.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbles, rubbing his shoulder that’s sure to bruise.
“Fine, whatever. Jerk,” Sam says and leaves the kitchen while shaking up his nasty protein shake.
“Why me though?” Dean can’t help but ask. Cas must have a line of suitors.
Meg is one of those cool girls. She smokes and listens to loud music in the library and she wears dark lip colors that make her look demonic, which Castiel believes to be the point. She kicked the star quarterback in the groin for breaking her best friend’s heart. She’s a badass. But she always smiles at Castiel, even though he wears a trench coat and majors in history, and hasn’t even seen the
to. But I’m your friend and I
He moans and pushes back against Cas, who groans in turn. He braces his arm on the wall and smiles through his haze of alcohol and arousal when he sees the ink they’d put on the bathroom wall.
“So, did you start a new workout regime, or is there another reason you’re walking in the middle of the night?” Dean asked then.
by Beyoncé and Shakira, which is a song Dean’s pretty sure neither of them has ever heard.
“I didn’t say goodbye to Sam!”
Dean frowns, “LA?”
“It was a lovely party yesterday, Sam,” Castiel says.
August 22.
“More like fifth.”
Cas’ stomach flutters with butterflies. “Maybe I’ll find something else,” he says and stares at Dean, gauging if Dean will let him. It probably comes off all intense, like he usually does.
Sam’s shoulders fall, “Promise me you’ll talk to Charlie or Benny if you get… lonely, okay? And you can call me anytime,” he says it like he’d wanted to use another word than lonely. Like ‘bad’, or ‘destructive’ or ‘like dad’, which is a combination of the two.
“Yes, Cas, it is. And I can’t afford to print a new one and I can’t afford the PDF either so I need to go get it before someone thinks to throw it away.”
“Shut the fuck up, Moose. I’m not moping. Just go!” He says from his spot on the couch.
Dean shrugs, trying to play it nonchalant, “We just had dinner. How long have you guys been drinking?” There are empty solo cups and beer cans on the coffee table.
Dean is spared this time because instead of giving him stupid puppy eyes and heartfelt advice, Sam stands up and removes his sweaty sweatshirt, “You know you could just ask him,” he says as he leaves to take a shower.
Had Dean been on a date he would probably had been offended at her suggesting it, but right now he was with his sad, newly single brother, and their burgers were half off. He flashes his pearly whites, “That’s perfect.”
Jimmy smiles kind of self-consciously, seeming to contemplate speaking again so Dean waits, “Mine is Castiel,” he says to his notebook but probably meant for Dean.
“I don’t mean to complain, but my body was not made for this,” Cas says, stretching his hands over his head.
Castiel frowned, “Huh?”
The flirty look on Dean’s face melted away, “Oh. Yeah. You’re 4.0 dude, then?” He handed Castiel the books.
They went almost a full twelve hours without talking about school and Dean thinks they deserve pancakes and bacon (he would have ordered it anyway), but the conversation is back to Specific Aims before their coffee has even arrived.
He shields his eyes from the sun with his hand. “It’ll dry in no time.”
Cas. Is. Sweating. He takes off his bucket hat and wipes the droplets from his hairline with the back of his hand
“Yeah,” Dean is standing on his tippy toes now, but he doesn’t spot Cas.
“Alright, who shot Dean and Castiel?” The cherub demanded upon returning to the cherub branch of heaven.
“Shut up. You probably spend your Saturday nights in the lab anyway, nerd,” he responds with any heat to it.
“Dude, what if he’s like, a predator?” Bela asks.
“I- uh, I didn’t buy it like that,” Castiel said, and Dean just threw his head back in laughter.
Charlie rolls her eyes, “But how do you know him? Who is he? Hello? I feel like you’re missing 90% of the story here.”
She shrugs again.
“Get me a Gatorade,” Dean says. Charlie requests gum drops. “Oh, and can you buy M&M’s? Cas probably wants chocolate.” Dean asks. Cas had a class to attend but is joining them for comp amendment later.
The door is opened and Dean looks up into a familiar pair of baby blues and kind of wants to sigh.
It would have had the potential to go all night but they’re both tired after the day, so it’s not long before Dean leads Cas inside, a hand on the small of his back to guide him past an untrustworthy floorboard.
He toys with the broom handle, “I could work full time, make more money. Sam could go to law school, and then maybe, when the loan is paid off, I can come back and finish.”
He looks up at Cas then, who is looking right back. “Hanna left. Her last bus was gonna leave and she didn’t want to wait to split an Uber.”
“Who’s Dean?” Cas asks when they’re on the road.
Cas is closer when he says: “That’s not necessarily the term I’d use.”
Dean turns to him but barely. “What are your plans today? Do we have to leave right now?” His voice echoes slightly in the huge shower.
Dean sighs but gets them a little closer, closer, closer aaand- clank! Castiel is knocked out of his hyper focus, and turns to Dean.
There's gonna be one more chapter to this.
Castiel mulled it over. Maybe the break in-between two acts of Dean’s show wasn’t the most obvious time and place to be making up. There were scouts from some of the performing arts colleges, Dean had told him. Dean didn't need the distraction.
“I’ve seen a lot of it,” he looks down at his hands “you were my favorite, you know.” He swallows and looks up at Cas, meeting his eyes, “But I don’t watch it anymore, Cas. I haven’t since I got to know you.”
Anna comes over and sits down next to Cas and steals a sip from his beer that he switched to after the last pitcher, and then looks up. A smile of familiarity spreads on her face when she sees Dean, “Dean!” she leans across the table to throw her arms around his neck.
Jimmy just nods. Dean smiles. It’s awkward so he gestures to his friends, “Anyway, I better get back…”
Castiel nods.
Sam tells about all the nerdy cultural shit they saw, things Dean’s never even heard about, and about Eileen’s reactions to them, and what great legends came out of Atlanta, and he shows him picture after picture on his cracked iPhone screen that’s needed a replacement for months but which they can’t afford.
Cas rolls his eyes and sighs. “You know, I actually asked you something.”
“Cas, it’s okay if you are. I just didn’t realize it was a big deal,” she said.
Dean smiles softly back like he wasn’t just begging him to.
“I’m sorry?” Castiel asks. Hasn’t she only been gone for five minutes?
“So?” the guy challenges. He is just a few feet away from Castiel now. He has long eyelashes.
He makes his way to Meg’s dorm, where Dean has promised to pick them up. Meg is sitting on the step to the front door, smoking a cigarette. Cas sits down next to her.
“Dude, where’s the food?” she’s still behind his laptop.
“I believe I’ve made it sound worse than it is. I swear I do actually eat nutritious food every once in a while. I always buy fortified toast.” Cas’ breath is foggy in the chilly night air and he looks beautiful in the streetlight against the dark sky.
Sam barely makes it one foot into Dean’s room, before his head pops back out, “Dean, why does it smell like weed in here?”
Dean doesn’t pay attention to those things. He’s new to the gay thing, and only really cares about Cas. Not the rainbows and the voguing and what have you. Charlie says she forgives him only because he’s a ‘baby gay’ or ‘baby bi’ or ‘baby pan’ (Dean hadn’t bothered picking one, he doesn’t care), but she expects his full education to come.
hung-over from Friday. The kid was 20, how was it even possible?
sit on the fucking table where all my fucking notes are?” He asks through gritted teeth and a tension headache.
Castiel feels like he’s been slapped across the face but in a good way. “I live two blocks from MIT,” he says, almost numb with surprise.
touching his dick.
“Well, it’s still something to be proud of,” Castiel decided. “Maybe we can forego the studying tonight and celebrate instead,” he said, a sneaky smile on his face.
, Cas! Or I don’t know where you live, except I knew it was in Boston. You told me, remember?”
Before she could, she was intercepted by Charlie, who was in Castiel’s P.E. class.
“That apron suits you,” Cas says, voice a dark timbre.
Dean pushes off the counter and grabs the broom to sweep up coffee grounds from the floor behind the counter for something to do, “I can’t.”
Dean picks at a loose thread in his jeans, “He doesn’t want me.”
“A job?” he looked incredulously at her, “Who needs their lawn mowed in October?”
It has. Dean is swamped with quizzes and assignments, and dorm parties and work. Cas is swamped with teaching and office hours, his running club and reading. Usually, Deans comes straight to Cas’ apartment after all of it, but he also usually passes the fuck out before he’s even done telling Cas about his day. And Cas is still asleep when Dean gets up.
Cas blinks, “I think I owe you an apology.”
“What if he has something to say?” Charlie asked.
“So how’s your week been?” Dean asked, unable to cope with the awkward silence.
Castiel cuts in then and Dean actually wishes that there would be a small natural disaster so they all would have to leave.
But Dean doesn’t seem to mind.
“Did you make enough money to buy the ticket?” Hanna asked.
He puts the phone down while he waits for her reply and he really fully intends to go back to his notes (he has a meeting with his mentor, Cain, tomorrow and Cain likes Dean well enough but Dean’s always a little scared he’s going to brutally murder him if his Specific Aims aren’t up to snuff).
He smiled at all the best men and ignored the wink from Gabriel as he stopped in front of the cherub.
Dean points his finger, “Hey, he can be!”
Dean waves him off, “It’s just mechanical engineering. That’s like the easiest kind.” He winks at Meg with his next comment though, “I’m good with my hands.”
“No.” They were kind of awesome plans and he doesn’t want Cas to feel like he’s asking too much. Because he really isn’t. He probably couldn’t ask too much if Dean’s being honest.
Dean grins and shakes his head, “Oh no, not me. I’m designated driver too. And just so happens that root beer’s my favorite too.”
-----
Benny this thing would be a hit. And Meg showing interest in shit like this, is almost like sealing the deal. Or like the first seal. He still doesn’t even have her number. “So you’ll come? Maybe you should give me your number so I can let you know what time.”
And that is pretty much how it goes for three more games. Benny disqualifies them halfway through the last game when they cannot stop laughing long enough to throw the ball.
“Wait, you’re the sole engineer that Castiel keeps talking about?” the girl(friend? What? Didn’t Cas totally give off a gay vibe, or was that just Dean’s wishful thinking?)
Cas doesn’t even say anything, he just turns Dean around and leads him straight to the bedroom, where Dean
“Dude, what the fuck?” Dean says, looking up from the hood.
“I went out with him,” Dean said nonchalantly.
After a moment Dean shook himself out of whatever mutual daze they’d engaged in and finally started the car, “I suppose I should get you home.”
They go up to Dean’s room and Cas sits down on Dean’s bed. He’s wearing the sweatpants. He was probably sleeping in them. Dean doesn’t even want to ask for them back, kind of loving how his last name fits on Cas’ ass.
Castiel fiddles with a piece of pastry, “No, I- ah, I’m going to LA.”
Or well, what is “barely speaks” for Dean is still quite a lot of chitchat but Castiel has definitely managed to make things awkward. Like when Dean has tried to compliment him and Cas has gotten defensive, or when Dean has tried to joke and Cas has gotten defensive or when he has tried to get to know Cas and Cas has gotten defensive. So Cas is pretty irritated with himself but he’s also pretty irritated with Dean for bringing him in this mess to begin with.
Cas’ blood stills in his veins. That group of alligators seem very close, all of a sudden. “But you can get us out, right?”
Dean shakes his head, “I haven’t talked to him about it yet. I’ve borrowed so much money from him already.”
“Usually,” Dean sighs. He squeezes his eyes shut for a second, before looking back at Cas, “I hadn’t seen him in almost a year, but then he came over a few days ago…”
He’ll do that the next time he sees him. Which is the movie marathon night this weekend. Should he still go to that? He has to return Dean’s books anyway. But Castiel hopes Dean will let him keep them a little longer. He’s about a third through the first one and it’s pretty awesome.
Before Cas can ask about this mystery balm, Dean supplies an answer: “I make it myself. It’s a family recipe. Herbs, mostly lemongrass. There’s no illegal junk in it if that’s what you’re worried about. It doesn’t even have preservatives.” Cas side-eyes Dean, still not really ready to face him after being called out for staring.
“What the fuck,” Victor says with a jump.
“Oh,” Cas mumbles.
Castiel looks surprised at Dean’s offer that’s really more of a demand, and Dean flushes. Before he can take anything back though, Castiel nods.
“Wanna walk around for a while? We could get a beer somewhere or something?” he suggests.
“How many moles of natrium do you need?” Castiel asked, pointing to a blank lab recipe, which Dean seemed to tend to fill out like a mad libs leaflet.
There had been quite the crowd but it had cleared out a bit after the show had ended, so Dean catches sight of Castiel easily enough. He’s sitting in a booth, and Dean makes a beeline for him on his way back from serving a few beards, but then he notices that there’s someone there, sitting across from Cas. Someone with long floppy hair. Dean changes beeline direction for the bar.
That has Dean one step closer to the freak-out.
“Hello Benny,” Cas says back, still smiling at Dean like they didn’t see each other just two days ago.
Dean flipped the channel on Cas’ TV again. It was muted but the last few minutes of Indiana Jones were on.
“Me and Cas,” Dean echoes. He can’t feel his limbs anymore.
There’s an old car in Bobby’s junkyard that has long been declared dead. It’s on old classic, a ’65 Mustang, with only the two front seats, no wheels (including the steering one), and the back end missing.
“I-“ Castiel shrugs, eyes finding his hands in his lap, “That’s what I want.”
Castiel adjusts his bucket hat and doesn’t look at Dean. “Quite alright.”
Castiel just looks dumbfounded at the attention and sudden shift of topic.
He pulled the arrow back and secured it in his bag before throwing his bow on the ground in a fit of frustration. Not fair!
Dean feels a million times better, “The redhead? At the Thai place?”
“Yeah…” Dean looks down and it’s quiet for a moment. “Hey Sam?”
Dean just continued laughing at the ridiculousness of it all. Who cared about a stupid muffin? Luckily Castiel soon saw the humor in the situation too, and his questioning look transformed with his smile as he started laughing too.
“Yes, I’m covered in cum, get out! We’ll be right there!” He yells against the closed door.
“But?” Castiel asked, sensing that Dean wanted to say something else.
“Hi Bobby,” Dean says and finds himself in Sam’s room, sitting on his bed, for some reason.
Dean leans back in his seat, “Just in time for my birthday actually. It’s on Thursday.”
“Not possible,” Fate said. “You have the only copies of those arrows.”
“Figures,” Sam muttered under his breath and then had to swerve to miss getting hit by his brother.
“The peace didn’t last long then, eh?” he says to Cas.
“I didn’t mean to spend the night. I hope I didn’t overstay my welcome,” he says with a rusty voice. Rustier than usual. It’s not fair.
“I hate you.”
But there it is, the worst year of his life and the memories come flooding back until his legs feel weak under him and his breath is coming in shallow puffs, and he’s forgotten where he is until Charlie puts a hand over his, eyes wide with worry when Dean looks into them.
They haven’t done this yet. And Castiel wants to take his time. But not Dean.
I hope you guys are liking this! It's not really turning into the story I pictured in my head prior to writing but I'm too far in to turn around now...
“I get it, Sam. I promise I’ll keep you updated from now on, okay?”
Castiel blinks at her, “Oh.”
“Bonded?” Dean asked. “What, like angel married?”
Charlie huffs, “Yeah, same here. We haven’t done anything productive in an hour!”
Anna is only two years older than Cas, and is kind of breezy and Dean gets the vibe that she was definitely a bitch in high school. Dean feels like an outsider when she laughs at her siblings’ jokes and only meets the eyes of her boyfriend over dinner. Cas tells him that she’s just shy because Dean is hot.
“I’m sorry,” Cas offers lamely. Dean just shrugs.
“It’s quite common to do psychoanalytical readings of literary pieces. It’s a major aim of our class,” Cas says, because that dork probably read the course description.
The guy was picking up books but stopped to look at Castiel. When he didn’t say anything else, the stranger smirked, “What? Incredibly handsome?”
Cas tells her to fuck off and then Dean is officially introduced to Cas’ siblings.
Charlie frowns again, “Have you talked to Bobby?”
Dean’s stomach tightened, and he raised his eyebrows at Castiel. He knew the next words out of his mouth were going to be unfair, but he could do nothing to stop them, “Oh, so you don’t have time when my mom’s not paying you?”
Charlie pushes the glasses towards her prey and tilts her head at Dean. “Do you mean queen like ‘of Moondoor’ or queen like ‘yas kween’? Since you’re homo with Cas now and all.”
arrows again. It was as good an opener as any, he supposed, when he caught her frowning at the arrows in his hands.
Dean takes a hit, slowly, still observing Ash, who finally looks up at Dean. Dean lowers the bong, sets it down next to him while Ash reaches for his face to pull him closer. Dean reaches for his arms, pulls him in by the sleeve of his T-shirt, and time is still moving so slow and he thinks he might be inside of a flashback.
It’s Charlie, holding a grande to go cup in one hand, and she smiles brightly at him.
“I’m good,” Dean says and makes his way to the couch with his book bag and laptop. He refrains from putting his socked feet up on the coffee table, “Or, actually do you have coffee?”
He barely catches the “Way to go!” on the other end before he hangs up and he completely ignores the “Guess I’ll see you tomorrow ;)))” text not thirty seconds later.
Cas greets them back.
Of course, he hasn’t told them who he is texting. He usually says it’s Sam or some girl. He could tell them, of course. Cas is just a friend. There is nothing weird about friends texting each other. They just text a lot because they haven’t actually had time to see each other since that party, what with classes and all. And with Thanksgiving coming up next week, Dean’s not sure he will see his new friend anytime soon.
“Yeah, you too. Call me when Cas proposes to you!” he laughs as he runs down the stairs to get to the right platform and Dean swears after him, which makes an old lady hit him with an umbrella.
Dean’s pulling Cas’ shirt off and Cas lifts Dean onto the counter, coming to stand in between his legs.
Saturday and the Lord of the Rings marathon rolls around. Castiel steals some of his roommate’s gel to try and get his hair under control. He’s not sure if he looks better or not. One curl is very adamant about not cohering to the way he wants it to fall and he eventually gives up and just scowls at the mirror.
They don’t have much time to hang out but Dean isn’t even worried about it because he knows they are both busy with their school stuff. And Cas knows it too.
Eventually
Charlie gapes, “You haven’t fucked yet?!” She basically screams and Dean shushes her, blush high on his cheeks.
They sit across from each other in silence for a while, Dean staring at Cas, Cas staring out the window.
there’d be no way Cas could misinterpret that as being anything but a date. Dean had tried before, asking for study dates, but Cas had never seemed to really get what Dean had been putting down. ‘Study date’ in undergrad had meant third base
The man frowns at it. Then at Dean. “You’re not 25.”
Dean exhales, “Yeah, me neither.”
of this. Insurance would make you pay my old laptop’s worth,
He slams his (honest-to-god) tray on the table and sits down next to Benny and Cas. He places a white chocolate chunk cookie on top of the open page of Cas’ book and the dark-haired man finally looks up.
There are four empty shot glasses lined up next to a little bowl of salt and a stack of lemon wedges. Even if Dean is a day-drinking frat boy, Cas refuses to be the boring goody-two shoes right now.
Maybe it had kinda been Cas’ fault. But Dean certainly hadn’t expected Cas to buy him a new laptop, and definitely not one that was worth twice as much as his old one.
October 14
They were a few episodes into some Teens and up TV show when Castiel started feeling guilty about not studying.
Charlie speaks with her mouth full, “How was I supposed to know you’d only be -“ she checks her phone lying next to her plate on the table “- 6 minutes late? Last time it was 25.”
He drinks water. And at 12.30am Viktor puts him to bed.
Dean chuckles. “Same. But yeah. I am. Thought it was pretty obvious, actually.”
“Supportive,” Dean repeats. He looks at Charlie who looks away guiltily.
“Oh,” Dean lets go of his shoelaces to accept the papers, “Right, thanks,” he says feeling very small.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Uh, dude? Excuse me?” Sam says when he notices.
“I’m really okay,” Castiel said, shaking his head at Dean’s offer. Having Dean buy him treats would be weird. Pep talk or not, he was pretty sure the private school student did not like him very much.
Castiel came to a stop. It felt kind of cosmic that Dean should be here now, talking to Castiel, when Castiel wanted nothing more than to talk to him, but at the same time hadn’t a clue where to begin.
For some reason Castiel couldn’t fathom, Dean really thought that Castiel didn’t love him, and that he was just some student he had been tutoring. Castiel found it hard to believe and was disappointed in himself if he had treated Dean in a way that would really make him feel insignificant.
“You’re being ridiculous. You have a great committee and you’ve been working really hard,” Sam is booting up his laptop for Dean.
“Hey, wait till they’re all done!” Dean reprimands which of course only makes Cas pick up the rest of the torn pancake to eat with his hands.
Dean still wouldn’t know how to operate the machine as he didn’t see any of the tapping. He was busy staring at the side of Jimmy’s face.
Castiel frowns, “Don’t deserv-“
He’s doing homework in Castiel’s home office when the key jangles in the door before it opens.
“I know! I don’t know, it’s just… I got caught up in it, and then when I didn’t tell you straight away it just got harder to bring it up, like then I had already made it a big deal. I’m sorry, okay? I know I suck at telling you these things, and I’m sorry you have to hear this shit from Jo and Cas and everybody else. I’ll try and do better, okay?”
Dean shakes it off. They’re friends. It’s not weird and Dean needs to stop making it weird.
Dean finds himself in Castiel’s studio apartment, just perpendicular to campus. Very close to his frat house, actually.
but doesn’t. He kisses Cas one last time. “See you around then.”
The guy eyes him for a second, “Can I see that?”
“No, that’s not… I’m just glad you didn’t. I like Cas,” Sam explains.
Dean almost thought he would die, and what a shame that would be now that he had gotten what was basically a straight out sex proposal from the one guy he never thought he’d have a chance with.
“Yeeeah, and it’s in the city, but Hanna’s aunt lives there and we can stay with her,” he looked up at her.
Instead of doing any of that he nudges Cas with his elbow, “Get in the car, I’ll take you home.”
His gangly little brother drops his duffel bag in the hallway and sits on the armrest next to Dean. He steals a fry, “Good. We were really lucky with the weather.”
Castiel rubs a hand down his face, “Kind of?”
“So where’s that gonna go in your research?” He asks, teasing.
Dean picks up the glass of clear liquid, “Ever tried moonshine?” He lifts his eyebrow, almost like a challenge.
“Are you in a better place now?” Cas then asks.
Bobby talks quietly then, “He was talking about rehab again. He got into some real trouble and I guess it left him real scared. Then he got a call about a job in Boston and left.”
“Now,” Dean pleads, but not letting go of Cas.
Charlie gave him a look like she agreed, and before she could say anything the bell sounded so she send them a peace sign instead as she got up, “Gotta go. Devereaux won’t have a problem writing me up if I’m late again.”
Dean chuckles. “Then I guess I have to. Or I’ll miss that window on Thursday.”
“Only drinks,” she tells him.
“Awkward,” he says.
“Let’s try again,” Dean says to Meg, and they clank their glasses together, clank them against the bar, their stools, before tapping the bottom of the glass to the toe of their boots, and finally lace their arms with each other’s and does the shot.
He tries to use some of his frustration to roll out the dough but when Meg laughs raucously at something Dean said
Dean gave him a sympathetic look. He too remembered Castiel’s catastrophic attempt at flirting when they’d gone to Home Depot last week and the girl at the check-put had been cute.
He doesn’t turn around until he's safely back in Charlie’s living room.
He’s contemplating getting more coffee because signal transduction is
The more Castiel thought about it, the more urgent it became for him to talk to Dean. He contemplated going to his house instead of his own, but he wasn’t sure what ‘celebrating’ entailed so he couldn’t be sure that Dean was even there.
Dean chews, swallows. “Mh, homeschooled,” at Cas’ look of surprise, because
be your
He shakes himself out of it, “Well, anyway. It was nice to meet you. I have a study-group thing I gotta get to.” He makes an awkward half-wave after him as he goes.
“Or do I have time to show you what I got at Victoria’s Secret today?” Dean grins, devilish.
“But they’re kind of busy,” he said, averting his eyes.
Dean smiles, “I know that. And I love you too.” he finds it hard to meet Cas eyes and to avoid blushing.
The waitress frowns, “Uhm,” her eyes shifts between him and Cas, “They left?” she looks awkward.
“Uhm no, actually. I met someone,” Castiel admits. His guts feel all warm, and not a moment has gone by where he hasn’t thought about Dean.
Castiel held his hand for too long and scowled at Dean for being weird. He didn’t need this. He didn’t need the distraction of a cute, probably straight, private school kid two hours, twice a week. With
He ultimately forgets about worrying because once he gets to the club Ruby yells at him for 2 and half minute for being late and then throws a wig and a million sequins at him.
“No,” Dean says, not wanting to be ungrateful. He gets in and Cas does too. Dean meets his eye again. “I’m mad that you
Ellen puts the dough in the fridge to rest and sits down at the table with the rest of them. “Are you serious?”
Meg pushes Castiel’s shoulder, “Go! We’ll keep lookout.”
After five minutes Dean asks “What are you observing?”
Dean grab one of the hands and Castiel looks up at him again, “That’s what I want too.”
Dean grinned up at him, “And what is your excuse for Monday?”
Dean and Charlie burst out laughing. Dean takes Cas’ hand again. “Dude, never change.”
“Yes, Sam,” Dean groans, “I promise I’ll have a therapist on speed-dial and a suicide chat room open at all times in the four days you’re gone. Just go, you’ll miss the bus.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, “Dean, seriously? Why is it always two steps ahead and one back with you?”
“How romantic,” Dean said, rolling his eyes.
Anna somehow gets Castiel roped into going to Taco Tuesday. It’s not terrible, there are tacos after all, and margaritas, but Castiel wants to read up on that test next week and he really doesn’t want to sit in a booth with a bunch of his sister’s friends he doesn’t know in a crowded bar that only plays ‘Despacito’.
He just shrugs in reply to Benny’s question.
Cas drops the sarcasm for another brand of the same thing. “No, Dean, obviously I can’t live without you for a whole week. Do you want to come or do you have plans?” There’s an edge to his voice that lets Dean know that Cas is kind of nervous that Dean won’t want to come. If he’s asking too much. It is the first time meeting any relatives has been on the table.
“Uhm,” Castiel clears his throat, “Alright. Do you need my number too, or?” he asks hesitantly.
“Aren’t you just gonna study?” Sam asked, looking up from the book he’d grabbed off of Dean’s nightstand and was no doubt losing the bookmark’s place in.
Cas steps back from Dean to tilt his head at the asshole. “What the fuck is your problem?” he asks, kind of curiously.
“Is he coming tonight?” Benny asks.
On his way to pick Sam up from school he remembers to call Cas. Just to let him know that the plane didn’t crash after all.
“Don’t worry. I should call for a ride too, actually,” Cas says as they start walking towards the exit.
“Thanks for coming out with us,” Cas says, turning to lean his back on the bar and face Dean. “I know it must be intimidating to meet my friends.”
“Fuck off,” he says.
Meg arches a dark eyebrow in vague interest.
Castiel freezes then buries his face in his hands. “Fuck,” he mutters.
“Yeah. She thinks she’s hilarious,” Dean says.
Ash picks the bong up again but doesn’t do anything with it, “What’s this self-pity crap?” he asks.
Castiel glared at her out of the corner of his eye but she didn’t see.
Dean groans, “So now everyone knows?”
Dean didn’t say anything for a while so Charlie reassured him, “He doesn’t think that. He feels the same way you do.”
Dean ignores her and asks Benny “She still pissed at you?”
Hanna snorted at the suggestion but kept her eyes on the road.
Dean looked caught off-guard at the compliment, like he hadn’t expected Castiel to comment on the show or his performance. Like that wasn’t where he had intended this conversation to go. “Thanks.”
“So no hunting then. Just studying. What do you do with them?” Dean asks. They are sailing amongst others now, tourists mainly it looks like, with guides. It’s a bit noisy, the boats and the water and the people.
Cas says, all in all, he did well for his first encounter with a homophobic asshole.
“Wow, full speed ahead,” Castiel says.
Cas makes the mistake of sniffing it first and tears spring to his eyes. “Ugh. It’s like gasoline.”
“I’m pretty sure Ash has known for a while too,” Cas says.
’ is all Sam has to say.
“He’d just yelled at me for flirting with his girl and then he walks in on me with a guy. You should have seen his face! He apologized for a solid half an hour, I swear,” Dean is laughing too. He usually tells these anecdotes when he wants to let the other guy know that Dean does like dick. Or if it’s a girl, that he likes vagina. Dean is open about it but number one thing he learned in undergrad was that most people don’t believe in bisexuality.
They’re all wearing matching uniforms, only in different colors. It’s a cropped little sports bra-type top and the world’s shortest skirt, Glitora’s all decked in green sequins. She has attached a jewel (plastic) with hot glue to her bodysuit as a makeshift belly button piercing.
But just the tip. Pushing in and out at his rim.
Charlie leaned around him to look at Hanna, “Basically, he’s scared to talk to Cas, and he’s a little preoccupied with the premiere of his grand show right now to think clearly.”
But most have come around. Most.
Charlie grinned, “Oh yeah. He won’t shut up about you,” she got a dreamy look in her eye as she continued to mock her absent friend, “You and your voice that sounds like gravel, and your hair that’s even softer than it looks,” she put her hand over her heart and sighed dramatically.
The cherub watched the hunter from above as he exited his monstrosity of a car. It was quite iconic, even amongst the angels at this point, and it made it easier to spot the hunter despite the angel-proofing sigils etched into his ribs by one Castiel. Speaking of which, the cherub had yet to locate.
For some reason Cas blushes at that. He downs the rest of the hard cider he’d been drinking and looks into the empty bottle. “Actually, I think I need to get another drink.”
So while Dean takes all morning classes, Castiel teaches in the afternoon, and suddenly they don’t have all that many hours left to see each other.
He really wants to see his friends too. He needs to unwind with his friends and some drink, and just not think about school or money or John fucking Winchester for a night.
“Alright. Half the students are having breakdowns over finals and the other half has already gone on vacation mentally,” Castiel sighs but he seems to be in good spirits.
Then he bops his head faster, letting it hit the back of his throat continuously. He sucks and licks and spits, and Castiel pulls too hard on his hair, but when he tries to remove his hand, Dean just puts it back.
“Alright. Come with me.” He takes Castiel’s suitcase without asking and starts for the exit. The man makes some smalltalk as they walk, and Cas has always been hopeless at it. But then, he’s here to work, not network.
As it turns out, Castiel needn't worry about spoilers for the sequels.
or serious or anything. Dean really likes Cas but they’re just fooling around. And that, quite a bit.
“What- ‘cause we have two names to choose from now?” Charlie giggles.
-----
“Sorry, really. I know it’s not exactly the Hilton. But we had to have sex out here just once before you leave,” Dean says, good-natured as he starts making coffee on the hot plate.
“I’m sorry,” Sam offers, probably to test the waters.
“I’ve never been recognized before, you know,” Cas says then and chuckles again. Dean figures he’s not mad and wonders when he started worrying about shit he didn’t need to worry about.
“Screw this,” Dean says, mostly to himself, and he lets go of Cas to head to the motor again. Castiel sits down, clutching the bench he’s sitting on till his knuckles turn white.
“Nah, it’s not on Netflix but I’ve got the torrent. I can hook it up to the TV unless you’d rather stay here,” Dean smirks at Cas who has now lied down across the bed.
“Oh,” Castiel says, looking utterly surprised, like it was unthinkable that Dean was here on Valentine’s Day with his brother.
She hits him in the shoulder, “Well, if you’d cared to check your phone in the last three hours, you would have.”
Despite whatever forces are trying to say that they shouldn’t be together, that they don’t belong together, that they’re
“Cas?” Dean calls quietly back, afraid to break the stillness completely, “Where’d you go?”
Castiel unpacks the things he needs, apparently thinking he’s going to get anything done, “How long have you been here?”
“I bet they pay you a lot-“ Hanna started but Castiel was late and already sweating.
Dean always hates talking emotions but he can’t help the smile that bubbles up on his face. It’s been a little under month now since they became
The phone call aids in locating the phone that turns out to be just by Dean’s feet.
Cas’ eyes soften as he realizes. “Why are you nervous now?”
She doesn’t respond, she’s chewing on the end of Benny’s pencil and staring intently at her screen.
She smirks at Dean, “Finally, company, huh?” She says.
Dean it’s going to look all kinds of worse. Stalker alert. He doesn’t breathe out until he hears the steps pass and make their way down the stairs. He pushes the box back under the bed and makes his way downstairs as well.
Incredible. It used to be Dean taking care of Sam with tomato rice soup and Dexter’s Laboratory. It’s the circle of life and apparently Dean peaked when he was thirteen. Dean accepts.
Cas caresses Dean’s arm reassuringly, “You will be,” he smiles.
For how easy Dean was in his first two years of college, he’s never had sex under open air. But he’s pretty sure he’ll be doing it again.
“Hey Cas. How’s your trip going? This is Dean ☺” he sends before he can reconsider and puts his phone on a page in his textbook and closes the book around it. He never uses fucking smileys.
Dean takes out his wallet to find his ID preemptively, letting go of Cas’ hand to do so. “Wait for me inside,” he mumbles and Castiel agrees.
Castiel had an open expression on his face but Dean had a hard time facing him. Dean knew this went way beyond tutoring already but he somehow still found himself nervous.
Before Sam could comment on Dean’s ridiculously bright smile, the others showed up and they got to bowling soon enough.
Dean is in the library really hating his major when his phone vibrates with a text. Cas must be out of his economics class.
“I’m fine,” he lifts his shoulders to indicate the sweatshirt Dean gave him. He stuffs his hands in the pocket. Dean smiles. It’s his old high school baseball sweatshirt, with his last name and old team number.
After hanging the coat on a hook in the hall, Dean guides Castiel towards the kitchen, “Do you want a grand tour before we eat?” he asks over his shoulder, “It’s a two bedroom, so the food won’t get cold.”
“C’mon in,” Dean grins at him and steps to the side. They don’t hug or kiss or anything like that. Not that they did a lot of that cutesy stuff when they were together either.
It’s only been ten days and yet they kiss like it’s been 1,000, and Castiel would be content to kiss Dean like it had been 10,000, but they pull apart eventually.
Castiel looks surprised and hesitates. “Sure,” he agrees though.
“Dude,” Dean grinned at him, “We can just agree to meet later if you can’t make it.”
Everyone stills. This time Anna is the first to react. “Are you serious right now? We just talked about this last night!”
“What, like when all the parents and shit are giving everyone roses?” Charlie asked.
“And tuition too?” Castiel asks as he follows Dean back to the kitchen.
Dean wants to swoon.
“Oh my god, Dean! Can you please just let me finish?” Charlie says exasperatedly. She’s proofreading his full written proposal before it is due in 15 hours.
Cas! Dean has told me so much about you, it’s so nice to finally meet you.” And now Sam’s smirking is over and he’s looking all excited and Dean hates him because he’s told him two things about Cas, and that is that he’s a grad student and that he’s hard to read.
Dean laughs, he can’t help it, “That’s fucked up, man.”
Dean smiles back but then something hits him, “Wait, haven’t you ever dated anyone while you were in porn before?” Dean’s pretty sure some of the videos on Cas’ site date back about five years.
A confused frown takes over the older man’s face. God. He’s so beautiful. It can be irritating, especially as Dean needs to focus, he’s trying to make a point, damnit. “You need a new one,” he says.
Cas kneads the muscles in Dean’s thighs as he kisses him. Dean takes the opportunity to get his fingers in Cas’ hair, messing it up even more as he scratches along his head, pulls locks of it taut between his fingers.
Cas looks briefly at Sam then back to Dean. He runs a finger absent-mindedly over Dean’s full cheek, “I’m used to seeing him with his mouth full.”
“You usually know exactly what girl you want to kiss at midnight. But I'm guessing there's no one around you want right now?” Benny asks.
The cherub hugged her back, sniffling.
“That’s fucked up, Charlie.”
Sam had asked if he was okay so many times Dean had almost had to break something, and then he’d asked if it was the money thing. That had only reminded Dean that is was that, too. It had been tight the past few months, but the loan he was paying off seemed to never end, and they constantly had to buy more, ridiculously expensive textbooks for school and Sam’s law school starts after summer, and it’s getting critical now, and Dean has no idea what to do.
Castiel looked excited, “But you’re not failing anymore.”
“How about your bed?” Dean grins, eyes Cas playfully. He doesn’t want to be turned away at another club, or get carded while Cas walks right in. And he was planning on ending up back there anyway.
Castiel stills from where he was pulling out his wallet, and looks up at her. He squints. “O-kay,” he relents and pulls it out.
Castiel shrugs, turning as a server walks past them with what looks like their order.
“I fucking hate you,” Sam mumbles into Dean’s armpit.
Castiel is laughing too, “Yeah. I believed it until third grade, which is when she was the one to tell me that wasn’t true.” Dean keeps laughing. “She was the one who told me Santa wasn’t real too.”
The whole thing had already been blown out of proportion, Castiel felt. He had never meant to make Dean feel like he wasn’t important to Castiel, and at this point so much time had passed that the issue had become bigger than it had to be. Castiel knew, logically, that it was just a misunderstanding, magnified in severity due to time. But he also knew that Dean didn’t know that.
Dean thinks that that’s probably a good idea. But he’s pretty sure he saw something that looked a lot like a corset of some sort in the mass of items he’d been given, so he’ll probably just get fucked in that all afternoon, rather than practice makeup. Hey, it’s not his fault his boyfriend is a freak.
Dean is busy smiling at the interaction when Sam taps his arm, “Have you heard from dad?” he says it quietly, letting the music drown out the question to anyone but Dean.
“Sure did.” Dean says. He butters a piece of toast.
For one, Cas didn’t have a stick up his ass anymore. Except maybe for the times Dean would talk about girls, but he tried not to do it since it bothered Castiel so much. There had been some awkwardness the past week once Dean had told him he was dating Anna, but Dean had solved that problem.
Cas doesn’t speak straight away, and Dean can hear from the silence that he’s going to disagree. “I’m sorry, Dean, but no.”
Dean shrugs. “Pretty serious, I guess.”
Dean starts getting set up, only to realize that he’s missing two sheets from a compendium he just spent a fortune printing. He knows for sure he had the whole thing at the library. He runs his fingers through the part of the compendium he has with him, hoping to find the missing pages only misplaced, but no. The pages are safely stapled together. Dean groans and starts pulling things out of his bag. Why would he have left two sheets at the library? Surely he would have noticed them lying on the table when they left? But they’re not between his books or stuck in his closed laptop, they’re not folded up in his pocket either, and Dean’s running out of places to look.
Dean glared at her back for less than a second in fear she’d somehow catch him doing it. Under his breath he muttered, “Fine. But he’s taking the bus home.”
Cas smiles a little bit, “Are you afraid of the word
And who but fucking Jimmy could it have been?
Castiel grinned and sat up, “Maybe we ought to study. Your German grammar could use some work.”
“I’m thinking I take Jo, Bobby and Sam home in my car. Your
Actually, he probably should have just ignored him, but he’s already half-hard.
Castiel is left staring dumbfounded and does his shot bitterly and without fanfare while they chew on the lemons. He doesn't watch as Dean stick out his tongue to wet a patch of skin on his hand as he prepares for the next shot.
Dean is the one to spring to action again, and he walks around to the passenger side of his car, "Shall we take my car?" he opens the door and Castiel gets in.
Dean rolled his eyes and laid back down on Cas’ bed. Cas had asked him to come over and hang out, but Dean had been there for 40 minutes and Castiel had barely looked at him yet.
Dean gestures to nothing, “Dodgeball? Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller? Poorly concealed racism and sexism? C’mon, it’s a classic! It was the most quoted movie at my middle school for three consecutive years.”
Castiel’s fingers wander under Dean’s work T-shirt and Dean slots his knee between Cas’ thighs, grinding into the man under him. He’s going for Cas’ fly next.
“That’s a stupid question,” Dean mumbles into Cas’ neck.
He’s wearing actual heels tonight – he’d promised himself he was over the damn kitten heels! And they’re made of transparent plastic and have pom-poms on top. Other than that he’s wearing a tiny black maid-dress with a plunging neckline and a white little apron. He’s bartending remember? Whenever he bends over he flashes frilly pink panties. Not a model he’d ever actually wear – he keeps those to himself and Cas. The stockings are attached to his thighs with adhesive.
And Cas usually drank for free because Crowley thought he was sexy, and it would bother Dean if it wasn’t because
Castiel swallowed. He’d hoped she wouldn’t ask. He shrugged.
“Hello Dean,” he says and his voice sends shivers down Dean’s spine. He swallows before looking up at him.
“I hope you’re not picky. Out here it’s pretty much all gators and moonshine,” Dean says.
He tips his head forward again, meeting Cas’ eyes. They just breathe hard at each other for a moment, until Cas pulls out, and before Dean can protest, manhandles him off the counter, turns him around and pushes him over it. He grabs Dean’s wrists behind his back and pushes his head down, because he knows Dean loves it when he does.
“Mhm,” Castiel grabbed his pencil where he’d left it on the table and leaned forward to pretend to go back to his homework.
Castiel typed his scholastic accomplishments and contact information and glared bitterly at the printer as he took a dozen copies to hang at the middle school and library and where ever else those crazy kids and their parents hung out these days.
Castiel is brushing his teeth when he opens the door for Dean, and Dean takes in the room, running his hands over the furniture, looking at the view from the window. It’s mostly the forest, a bit of the clear lake visible at the end. Cas smiles fondly as he looks at the blue stripe of water in the horizon.
“You two need to be together for this storyline to progress as intended,” Fate explained.
Dean grins and looks down at himself. It’s one he brought with him when he moved in, a gag gift from Sam, and it’s pretty plain but says “Real men eat meat” on it. He looks back up at Cas.
Sam is already talking to Asshole Psych Major and his date, and Dean wonders if Sam would be mad if he left right now.
Cas comes back with a small towel. He chuckles when he pulls on the covers and Dean lazily rolls off.
Dean shrugs and looks down at his plate, “I could’ve just been a mechanic. Like I was supposed to.”
but instead she goes with, “Alright son. Get some sleep. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Dean scratched the back of his head and glanced at Castiel.
“No, it was my fault, sorry for pulling you,” Castiel said, eyes wide in apology and cheeks reddened once again.
“You sure?” Cas says it quietly and Dean has to let out a moan. Even when they do this shit Cas is never rougher than Dean can handle, he’s always just this side of gentle and making sure Dean isn’t pressured into something he can’t handle. Because Dean gets carried away and sometimes Cas knows Dean’s body better that Dean does himself.
People start disappearing around them, going back inside for the next movie, but Castiel is rooted to his place, eyes wide in surprise. “You were- You were trying for
Dean almost says
She dumps her book bag on the floor next to Dean’s chair and takes a seat next to him before leaning forwards on her elbows on the table. She flutters her eyelashes at him, “So? You exchange nudes with him yet?”
Sam frowns on the little screen and swats a mosquito. “Really? He seemed so into you,” he says.
they know.
39, and also Dean’s only customer these weeks, he also can’t help but think what a horrible argument that is.
That earns him a chuckle covered by an eyeroll as Cas reaches behind the door, where Dean guesses they keep the candy for the real trick and treaters. He procures a full-size snickers for Dean.
After a while Dean actually starts to relax. The beer does its job and the food is good for the price, and he’s not thinking about how he keeps meeting Castiel’s eye over the tacky candlelight in the middle of the table.
He doesn’t get time to explore it; he has to be back on stage in a different outfit in 5 minutes.
Castiel squeezes his eyes shut against the water, but he tips his head back and wipes the water from his face too look at Dean. “Love you,” he says back.
Sam nods.
Anyway, now here he is, walking along the bookshelves, moving slowly to search every shelf from bottom to top. At least he’s in the right area, he’s fairly certain.
That evening Dean came home late after rehearsals. He dumped his schoolbag on the floor in the hallway, shouting an “I’m home!” to his mom and Sam in the kitchen before making for his bedroom.
“Right,” Dean nods. He wants to let Cas know he appreciates him opening up like this, but he’s not good at that. “Why Kansas though?”
Hanna laughed, “I can’t believe you’re dating him, that’s such a cliché, Cas. When did your life turn into a romantic comedy?”
“All my friends have aired the sugar daddy theory. To my face. All of them,” Dean says.
“It’s okay,” Castiel says to his plate and then musters courage to look up at Dean, “Do you… Have you seen a lot of my videos?”
Dean has one shoe on and his bag upturned in one hand when Castiel comes back with two mugs of steaming coffee.
Spinning across the stage she can hear people hollering and she grins, knowing that the effort to wear the panties that are definitely being flashed right now paid off.
by himself in the swamp?” Gabriel teases.
Mom stopped kneading and turned on the faucet to wash the dough off her hands, “I consulted your grade card,” she turned around and cocked her hip, “Dean, this is serious.”
“It’s not because I don’t trust you. I guess it’s just… You’re part of a whole other scene, you know? I guess I’m just not always sure if you’ll understand, and sometimes I just can’t
Dean slumped back in defeat, resting his chin in one hand, elbow on the island top. He sighed, “You’re really serious about this.”
he replies.
“Dean, yes. I was quite affected by the pressure of deadlines myself at the time and I believe I overreacted. I shouldn’t just have left you with nothing but silence for so long. I realized that when I saw you at the Thai restaurant,” Castiel explains. Dean is more confused.
Sam got up quickly at that. “A curse?!” He took the gun that had been lying on the table and tucked it into the back of his pants. “I’m coming too!”
Dean snorts, holding the door open for Cas. “Right.”
Dean’s heart skipped a beat, “Hey Cas.”
The man nods and gives him a once-over. Castiel is wearing squeaky-clean Adidas sneakers, pressed Fjällräven cargo pants with the zip off shorts option, and his Hilfiger fleece zipped back up for the A/C. Maybe a bit overdressed for the bayou.
“No, I don’t know,” he steals a new muffin because he's decided the only logical way to deal with this situation is comfort eating after all. And cancelling his subscription to the porn site Jimmy works for.
“We went to the restaurant before prom one time. God, that feels like forever ago,” he mumbles, then bursts into laughter when he catches the look Cas sends him.
Dean finds Charlie pouring shots for a couple of ghouls in the kitchen.
“What does it fucking matter how old he is?! It’s not like he’s giving me the time of day anyway. Besides, what the fuck does this all have to do with this argument?” Dean yells.
“Huh?” Dean frowned, eyes on Castiel lips that were quirked in a small smirk.
“Wait, is Castiel going to cook?” Sam sounds trepid.
“It’s clinical research. I mean I don’t know that much about it, they just emailed me a while back asking me to come in for an interview, so…” Dean shrugs.
Castiel deflated, “What, like flip hamburgers?”
Dean nearly drowns but manages to get it down the right pipe.
They’re not saying anything, apparently content with just staring at each other. They’ve probably already gotten the ‘good morning’s out of the way.
Dean turns the shower on, and peels his t-shirt off. Castiel flings the lube and a foil-wrapped condom onto the shower shelf and grabs Dean, hands on his jaw. They’re not in the shower yet and Castiel kisses Dean, walking him back towards the counter with the sink.
Charlie shrugs and looks innocently at him, “I had to see what all the fuss was about.”
Dean’s breath hitched and he nodded, afraid his voice would betray him and crack if he tried to speak.
“I would like that very much but I can’t make it this Friday,” he’s not meeting Dean’s eyes but he’s a nervous fella so Dean doesn’t put too much thought to it.
“Yes,” Dean gasps against the counter, “yes, yes, YES,” he groans, release so close he can
Dean looks from side to side in panic, grateful that Sam can’t see him. Why did Cas have to send a dick pic
He feels even worse after. Cas clearly doesn’t want him that way, doesn’t feel that way about him. Dean should just get over it.
Dean thinks about it. He hasn’t spent tons of time on a boat. Some here and there as a kid, when they’d spent the summer at Bobby’s and he’d take them fishing. “Better than flying,” he determines.
“It’s not-“
Castiel cleared his throat to buy time, “You like me?”
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The guy found them shoes (Sam had to settle for two numbers too small, the gigantor) and set them up at the designated lanes.
A bright light shone between them, where the arrow connected them. It grew brighter as soul and grace laced together, and exploded in starry glitter as they snapped back into place.
Cas exchanges a look with Meg, who just shrugs and flicks her cigarette out onto the street.
“Not yet,” Sam grins.
Dean gets as far as “What’s-“ before Cas is off Dean, off the bed and out of the bedroom, leaving Dean in the thin covers. How’s that for rejection? The guy didn’t even say where he was going.
“Hey Cas, got ya a coffee.”
“About- About the dating stuff?” He had a hard time meeting Dean’s eyes, already almost sure that Dean had meant something else. Hot private school boys just didn’t fall for Cas. That was just not his life.
Cas doesn’t really like the sound of that if. That reassurance didn’t last long. Neither did Dean’s smile.
Over the course of January they get into the habit of meeting at the library in the early afternoon and going for coffee and some type of dinner in the early evening. Cas still hasn’t been to Dean’s place for dinner and part of the reason is that Sam lives there and Dean just isn’t ready for that.
His laptop broke earlier in the week, which fucking sucks.
Castiel blushed an even deeper shade of red, “
But only for a while.
“What?” Dean tries to look over the shoulder of the doorman, trying to see if Cas is nearby. “My boyfriend just went in there!”
“No, I know,” Castiel says faintly.
“I didn’t mean to mock you,” she told him.
Dean calls Benny, who usually doesn’t want to talk for hours, but he makes an exception tonight and they don’t even talk about feelings for a long while, they just discuss school and Charlie and football, and when Dean
Cas steps into the bathroom. “We can wait till later.” God, how long does he need to study a hotel shower for? But whatever. Cas doesn’t mind studying Dean, studying his shower.
like it is in Dean’s usual bars but it ain’t quiet either.
Dean exhales. “I don’t wanna sound ungrateful, but I can pay too, you know.”
“Yeah, that’s grad school, huh? Thought I’d get some down time after finals but nope,” he’d pulled out the chair across from Cas and sat down. Castiel had sent him a look that told him he agreed.
Dean wants to hit her back, “Shut up.” He steps further into the apartment and motions for Cas to come in as well. Everyone is there.
the one who should be doing the winning-back.”
Bobby parks the car and walks towards a wooden, primitive looking hut. It has glass windows though. It says “bayou” in a sign out front, brown paint on a piece of wood. The hut is on a raised dock, the dock extending from the hut on stakes.
Cas shrugs like it’s obvious, “You’re in a frat.”
“Smaller audience, Dean,” he grins and Dean groans jokingly.
“It is nice. I’m still sorry.”
He chuckles, self-aware, “
Castiel frowned, “Dating?” He looked confusedly at Dean.
Dean is hanging posters in the cafeteria when he hears them. He hears Castiel first, actually, that unmistakingly low rumble of his disrupting Dean’s line of thought.
Dean folds over laughing, “You convinced your sister of this?”
“Yeah, you’re always doing something. What’s up with that? I thought old people just sat at home and admired their stamp collection,” Dean says, not wanting to wallow in how sad he really is about this. How needy he is being.
Dean sighed again, “I don’t know, Charlie. I guess get over it, watch the Notebook. Shit like that.”
A few cherubs looked up from what they were doing - playing their harps, polishing their rosy arrows, writing poetry.
Dean squinted at him, contemplating, “… Were you at the show?”
“Cas, you’re rolling it way too thin! Give me that!” Anna screeches next to him and forcefully grabs the rolling pin out of Cas’ grip.
“Right.”
Dean pushes the laptop a little further towards the middle of the table before pulling Cas with him to the nearest soft surface. Living room rug, this time.
“Wait- Dean?!” Sam shrieks, and Dean is padding Cas’ lap with napkins, while Cas hides his head in his hands. What a mess.
Thankfully there’s a big jug of water on the table outside and Castiel fills his glass from it. Dean does too. Castiel compliments the food when he’s tried it and then they eat in silence for a while, processing the day.
Cas is wearing a button-down and the buttons suck, so it never comes off. It’s left half-way undone by the time the lube comes out. Dean doesn’t care. He’s still wearing his socks and his boxers around one angle when they finish.
Meg rolls her eyes then, “Anyway. ‘I wish to inform you of a misunderstanding in regards to a certain parking spot’.” She looks up in thought.
“Turn around,” he murmurs in Dean’s ear. And Dean does, after kissing Cas a few hundred times more.
Castiel stares at him. “
“Will you please focus on your work?” Castiel asked without even looking up.
“What the fuck kind of joke is that?” Sam counters.
“Huh,” Castiel murmurs, “I suppose it might be time for me to head home as well.”
“Go fuck yourself,” Dean says over his shoulder as he leaves the room.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Castiel and Hanna gave each other a confused look before turning to look at Charlie.
Castiel blushes, suddenly self-conscious, and runs his hands through his hair, wanting it to fall back the way it naturally does.
standing on the step of the booth he really towers over Dean – even if he’s wearing 4in heels.
that too. So what’s your problem?” He asks, voice dark in anger, the lump that’s forming not making it all thick and watery yet.
Hanna stared at the side of his face for a few seconds, wanting to crack him without having to say a word. After a few seconds she opened her mouth to speak anyway.
“Obviously not,” Anna argues, eyes flashing at Gabriel.
“Winchester! What are you doing here?” she asks, grinning so her sharp canines show against her dark purple lips.
He had seen it enough times that he knew what was happening, and he soon became focused on trying to remember the exact lines, trying to read the actors’ lips for confirmation.
It works, too, because the guy’s sarcastic smile turns into a shy one, and he runs his fingers along the rim of his cup. He opens his mouth to say something but is interrupted.
Waking up next to Cas a second time is just as good as the first time. Still as hot too. And Dean would really appreciate Cas lying half on top of him in only boxers more than he does at the moment, if he wasn’t seconds away for vomiting Fireball all over his bed.
“Was it like a glory hole type thing? Or did you leave him all broken hearted to read
Cas comes up behind him and places his hands over Dean’s, “Relax, baby. Don’t worry about padding. We’ll cinch your waist a little, it’ll be fine.”
But surely Dean would read a message. Right? If Castiel could just find a way to formulate exactly what to say. Or he could get Charlie to deliver a message. But he’d rather not drag her too much into it.
“We are to be bonded by the heavens,” Castiel told him.
“Okay,” Castiel said with a nod, looking caught off guard.
Castiel waves his own words off, “Or well, not ‘technically’” again with the air quotes, “I haven’t ever dated anyone before.”
It’s been a few weeks now, and they still text incessantly and the other brothers know Cas by name now because he’s over all the time, and Dean has learned how to operate Cas’ shower and that he’s kind of a natural at giving blowjobs.
Dean moves off his cock, swallowing and wiping his face on his arm.
Dean smirks back, “I could say the same to you.”
“Quite a few,” Castiel grins and then straightens up in his seat to look around him, “One of them is here tonight, actually. Anna!” he calls for her when he spots a couple of red braids.
Castiel observes Dean in the mirror while he flosses. He’s in the shower now, hand running over the tiles. “Damn” he mutters to himself, “bet the pressure’s just right in here.”
“Come on, dude. This shit is boring!” Dean complained.
“Get out!” Dean yells, hoarse. Cas is still panting against Dean’s neck.
It’s Dean’s turn to look confused, “Pardon?”
Castiel thinks it must be testament to how much Dean goes out that not only is he on first-name basis with the bartender but they also show concern for him.
, and they still hadn't even held hands!
“Do they have to do that right in front of everyone?” Anna’s boyfriend says, not whispering, but meant for Anna.
“Uh, tutoring?” Castiel said, eyes firmly on his paper to avoid meeting Hanna’s.
Gabriel shares the news. Or spreads the rumor, more like.
Charlie smirks, “And what’s it like finally getting to bang your favorite porn star?”
“I forgot to say something before I left,” Castiel says.
Dean hums.
“What the fuck?” Dean replies.
Charlie huffed, “For the night.”
Castiel grins, “Well then, sure.”
“You’re a straight A student,” she said with a knowing look. When Castiel just looked confused she rolled her eyes, “How about tutoring?”
Castiel squinted, mulling it over. He turned to look at Sam and Kevin who were still bowling. He turned back around and squinted at his hands a bit harder. Then he looked at Dean and chewed his lower lip a bit. “I… Suppose.” He said not even breaking eye contact with Dean.
Dean strokes Cas’ hip with his thumb. Once. Then he takes a step back, letting go and clearing his throat. Cas feels cheated out of something.
“Morning,” Cas mumbles back and sits up. He winces as he stretches out his back.
Asshole Psych Major notices him then and does a double take, “Dean?!”
He barely catches Meg’s “Yeah, good job, Clarence,” because he is too busy
Charlie frowns, “Are you sure? You looked like were having a-“
It makes Dean laugh out loud, luckily not loud enough to be heard over the screaming. He can hear them pass Cas’ station, and he removes his hockey mask, just in time to see Cas come through the door, grinning through the black goo dripping from his hairline.
“Yes, I think you need to.” There’s venom in his voice then, and Dean is surprised the
Castiel was typing away on his laptop when Dean made it back to his room, “You started without me?” Dean joked.
“You used to be a bottom???” Dean’s eyes nearly bulges out of his head, he’s sure.
, Dean loves him so much). They try to one-up each other doing somersaults off the boat. And they both cheat at the poker games they play in the evenings that neither Cas nor Anna know the rules to.
