Sherlock sank heavily down into the chair in the centre and leaned forward on his elbows, steepling his fingers together in front of his face. He shut his eyes and allowed darkness to swallow the horrible, hollow whiteness of hospital walls, of lab coats, of charts and papers and scribbled notes on clipboards – he breathed deeply once, twice, three times, and let it all melt away.
“By the way, I feel bad,” came Sam’s voice again. It was a bit louder now, and more focused. “I never ask you how
He sighed, rubbed at his temples a little, then stood up. He’d better go and have that word with Mrs. Turner about her class’s behavior during third period today. Then when school was over he could cut out right away and do the shopping before he went home.
Sherlock’s entire body was rocking against him – John could feel muscles clenching up against him, arousal flowing back and forth between them, everywhere they were touching. He was exquisite, John couldn’t get enough of touching him. He could feel his own cock dripping, sliding up and down Sherlock’s length, and the flames in his abdomen flared up higher, white hot, burning with need.
“He was more than worried, John.” Mrs. Hudson was suddenly firm, her hands clenched nervously around the tea towel. “You didn’t see him in that A&E; he was an absolute
“Wait,” Sherlock said, sweetly. He’d dropped the teasing note from his voice. With his free hand, he rubbed slow circles on John’s lower back. “Let me take care of you.”
“Brilliant,” he said, almost too softly for Sherlock to hear. Still, the praise he’d gone so long without made colour rise in Sherlock’s cheeks, and he had to tear his gaze away again.
The room was dark and bare; Sherlock had straightened up the mess that had accumulated throughout his stay by piling everything into his suitcase and shoving it into the closet. He had turned on a single lamp in the corner of the room, which projected a dim light and created strange shadowy shapes on the floor.
“It’s been incredible.” He was pressing himself closer now, so much that Sherlock could feel his breath across his lips. “And I really am so proud of you, you know that?”
“This is…” Stacey began as Jeannie came over. John sat there, frozen for a second, before he recognized his cue to speak.
He held the scarf in place with both hands – red seeping through blue at a panic-inducing rate – and applied pressure, making John let out a low, strangled groan.
Relief trickled through John, and he let himself sink into it. The tense moment had passed, vanished like a faint memory.
It wasn’t a beautiful Christmas Eve; it had rained earlier, and would probably drizzle on and off all night. It felt appropriate, in a way, but still disappointing. He’d been hoping this would at least feel like a special moment.
“It’s not gonna be exactly fun, though. Being up there alone.” He sighed again. “Never really been good at that.”
Sherlock nodded again, but didn’t offer anything else. John ushered him in the direction of the house.
He heard Dad pull back, and groan again as he read the message scrawled on the sign tacked to the wood –
“Not that one.” Sherlock sifted through the coat rack and picked out one of his own, a rather bright blue one with sequins adorning the lapels. He tossed it at John. “Here. Obviously Elton will show us up, but if we don’t even
They kissed, hard with want, but slow, and tender. John splayed a hand across Sherlock’s back, holding on tight, as tight as he could.
“Don’t you dare,” John whispered, with a soft grin. If Sherlock was comfortable sleeping with his whole body directly on top of him, so was John. It was perfect. Better than any blanket.
Sherlock stared up at the attendant. He knew how stricken he must look, and hoped maybe that could persuade him.
His eyes were downcast – he didn’t seem to be able to look at Sherlock or Magnussen. Magnussen, however, was staring evenly at Sherlock, still with that same smile on his face. Pleased, and almost triumphant.
He pulled in a few staggering breaths, trying to centre himself again. He felt wild and dizzy, every nerve blazing.
It had been quite the end-of-term concert. Sam’s girl, Joanna, had absolutely stolen the show – she had a voice far beyond what anyone expected to come out of an eleven-year-old, and had stunned everyone in the audience. She’d walked off from her wild applause with the rest of the band, and if Sam’s plan turned out right, he’d have told her how he felt soon afterwards. Hell, maybe John should just go wait outside for a while, and let the boy get a good snog in before he took him home.
His eyes were dry but burning, and he screwed them shut, trying to pull himself back from whatever precipice he was about to hurl over – back away from blank eyes and cold hands, away from the long, drawn-out shriek of a flat line across a black screen, away from ghostly pale lips that whispered his name in a sound less than a breath before finally going still. He clenched his hands against the porcelain and pulled back, pulled back, pulled back to the alley and the blood and the whitewashed tiles, if only to keep himself from the unthinkable alternative.
Here he was, in a bar with the three most beautiful girls he’d ever seen, and all he wanted was for them to leave him alone. He couldn’t
“Yes,” Sherlock said, smirking. A large framed poster of the young, four-man group was standing beside him, as well as their recent platinum record, almost like a challenge. “I saw them on the show last week – they weren’t very nice about my record.”
he was behaving like a besotted schoolboy but he just couldn’t help it. He’d done it! He was going to go out with Sherlock Holmes!
Sherlock burrowed as tightly as he could into John’s side and listened to his heart thumping against his ear – it soothed him a bit, but not as much as it usually did. Try though he might to relax, there was still that sensation from earlier holding him alert; that feeling that, when he fell asleep, he would be forced awake far too early.
“Yes, except we’ve changed the word ‘love’ to ‘Christmas’”. Sherlock eyed Mike up and down, wondering if he needed to be on his guard with this one.
Perlman’s notes flowed though him, washed over him. It was beautiful, and masterful, and Sherlock felt it fill some of that dreadful, hollow cavity within his chest. But it was too quiet and too slow. It wasn’t enough. There was too much empty space all around him.
Sherlock sat at the edge of his seat the whole way, his heart whirring as fast as the car, that final, high note of that song echoing over and over in his ears.
“No, I just thought I’d ask the blunt question, in case it was the right one.” Her eyebrows were raised, as if scanning him, but it was an understanding sort of curiosity – kind, not malicious. “And you needed someone to talk to about it, and no one had ever
Sherlock couldn’t help it. He turned his head, caught John’s wide eyes shining in the darkness. His heart clenched at what he saw there, so close to him, so near at last to the shining, visceral
. And Sherlock knew that, John knew he did. It was why he’d thrown himself into his caretaker role so faithfully – it was the natural thing to do, because he was always there for John, no matter how difficult things got, no matter how dire circumstances looked. Sherlock would always be there to help him, to support him through anything, as much because Sherlock needed it as John did. Because Sherlock needed him.
Prime Minister Holmes and President Magnussen stepped into the room, to flashbulbs and reporters and a crowd of eager listeners, microphones and notepads at the ready.
Mrs. Hudson chuckled merrily, and Sherlock sat back in his chair and cradled his cup in both hands. He let the conversation wash over him as it continued on to whatever mundane topic occurred to the three of them – Mycroft did little more than nod occasionally, and Sherlock could only half-listen and half-respond when it seemed like he was being addressed. It wasn’t long before they graciously left him alone – apparently coming to the realization that as much as he needed them right now, he was very much unable to chat – and Sherlock stared into his cup and let the modulations of their voices soothe him as much as they could.
Sherlock swallowed, pinching his lips a little. There was something about the way Magnussen said it that he didn’t like.
“I want you to know,” John whispered softly as he pulled back to look at Sherlock’s face – at the unbearable depths of love swimming in those impossibly blue eyes. “I could never have asked for a better doctor.” He felt himself smiling gently, his heart pushing up against his throat. “You’re all I’ve ever needed.”
“Right.” Sherlock gave his head a shake, deciding that was probably best. “Well, listen, why don’t I give you a lift?” He stared up at John, shooting him what was probably a pathetically imploring expression. But he
John’s voice was bright and smiling. Sherlock had to shut his eyes underneath the weight of it, pressing down on his chest.
“So we, um.” His left hand clenched at his side underneath the table. “We probably shouldn’t bring this back to London, then.”
“But Mum –!” The boy started to protest, but snapped is mouth shut at the dangerous look in his mother’s face.
and no one else – there was no one but them on stage anymore, this moment was just for the two of them and there no one else
John’s smile widened slightly. The barest fraction of his despair had ebbed away slightly, even though he was sure Sherlock had just insulted both his writing and his driving.
Molly finished the story with a rapturous laugh, and a giggling Lestrade launched immediately into another. Sherlock took it in and smiled along in the appropriate places, letting himself be caught up in their enthusiasm as much as he was able while his mind was still struggling back to whatever was going on in that operating room, a steady eye on the infernal drag of hands over the clock face,
sweetheart,” John rasped out, his face buried in the hollow of Sherlock’s throat, his lips sticking to Sherlock’s damp skin. He held himself there, his mouth moving hot and wet, more of a sloppy lapping of lips and tongue than an actual kiss, but to Sherlock the feeling was as sweet, as passionate as any kiss could be, because John had simultaneously picked up his pace to thrust long and fast, rocking deeply, more deeply within Sherlock than ever and finally,
He knew why, of course: John still had a lot of strength to recover, and it was a risk Sherlock wasn’t willing to take yet. But the longer this went on, the more John found that he was rather eager to start taking more risks, in fact. And it sounded petty, even ungrateful, which John could certainly never be, but he sometimes wished Sherlock would boil some eyeballs in the kettle, or have a strop on the sofa, or propose some mad scheme for the two of them to do something ridiculous, just so John could feel like things were normal again.
John’s eyes were unbearably deep, swimming with a thousand emotions. Sherlock let himself stare into them for a bit longer, knowing he could only stand so much before he’d have to tear himself away.
And John’s breath had left his body in one fell swoop, the irrational anger at Dr. Moore blown entirely away by something horribly painful and desperate.
“It’s the most prominent star in the sky, John, it doesn’t have to be seen make itself known.” Sherlock’s cheeks were slightly flushed with cold, but his hand was warm where it wrapped around John’s. “See the silver gleam on the bottom edges of that cloud? That’s its rays shining through.”
John joined in, really just moving his hips a little as he stepped awkwardly from side to side. He’d never been a good dancer, but he was too focused on Sherlock to care. He looked so free and uninhibited, and it was
He’d had this saved as a contingency, in case things didn’t go well. It was some fluff proposal for student grants funded by both governments, something they could easily find common ground on, and at the same time make for some decent PR.
“Thank you, inspector,” Sherlock replied as cordially as possible, despite the massive kick his heartbeat had just taken.
And then the second soloist stepped up, a confident stride and a shock of blond hair, its owner standing in front of the microphone looking completely at home there.
He turned back to Magnussen, whose face barely changed. He merely stared down Sherlock’s look, and quirked an eyebrow upward, as if with curiosity. But Sherlock knew exactly what it meant.
A horrible, constricting dread surrounded Sherlock’s heart and squeezed it viciously, and for a moment he wished she wouldn’t say anything more. That she’d walk off, and he could go back to that desperate abyss where he would go completely insane, but at least he would never have to deal with what she could be about to tell him.
Sherlock set the CD player down on the ground and pressed play. A gentle chorus of women’s voices filled the chilly air.
“Alright, sure,” he said, sardonically. Sherlock heard him shift a bit, then throw one side of the covers back. “Come to bed, you big idiot.”
“This isn’t…” John wheezes, and his hands are still trembling, but his eyes find Sherlock’s in the darkness, and somehow they still manage to shine. “This isn’t how I imagined you kissing me.”
Sherlock turned away from it, sharply. He didn’t want to look at it now, didn’t want to remember. He hated seeing it, hated seeing the eyes from all these photos – happy, smiling, carefree eyes staring down at him and reminding him of what a fool he was. Reminding him how foolish the life he’d lived had been, too.
reliant on it.” Sherlock’s eyes glinted with mirth, mischief. Affection. “Did you know that stars stay the same
how awkward he sounded even as the words left his mouth. Sometimes he was so stiff at this parenting thing. It had always irritated Sarah, when it wasn’t amusing the hell out of Sam.
, John could feel within him that this was a bad idea, but there was no way he was going to turn it down now. Just like this morning, just like last night, there was no part of him that was prepared to refuse whatever he could get.
There was no sound in the room – not even a breath. John couldn’t even feel his own heartbeat anymore.
They watched him together as the track faded out and the DJ pulled his microphone close to his mouth.
The disaffected quality of his voice made John want to scream with rage, but – no, he shouldn’t be, he was telling them
He slept most of the way there, wanting to be alert for when he arrived wherever he was going. It all seemed a bit unreal, still. He could hardly imagine what he’d find when he arrived. Could he really be right? Would he really find someone in America as amazing as the concept he’d built up inside his mind?
He’d surged forward, hoping to edge John away from the shelf, but froze when he saw what John had in his hand as he straightened up.
The still air in the room settled over them again; the howling wind echoed outside against the window, but couldn’t needle its way in. Beneath the sheets, their warm bodies, their tangle of limbs, was their own private haven. John could feel Sherlock’s heart beating against his chest, and there was nothing but pure, elated happiness in his own.
And then, finally, he broke into laughter. Sherlock joined him, ringing out beyond the water and into the grounds beyond.
He crossed the floor over to her glass-panelled office, and she closed the door behind him. She had a look of mild amusement on her face.
“I know.” And John’s voice was a low, exhausted sigh. He finally looked up, and Sherlock almost started at how worn he looked, at how deep the creases of his brow were. His shoulders were sagging, and there was no trace of that sparkle in his eyes.
“Any chance you’d like to explain to me why your suspect was just picked up by police on the Strand, bleeding from a gunshot wound to the side?” The terse, sarcastic smile was evident in his brother’s voice even through the phone.
His throat seemed to seize up at the drawing, and he couldn’t speak, couldn’t tell Sherlock anything about how wonderful he was – but Sherlock, once more, seemed to understand, and the way he looked at John told him he didn’t need to say anything at all.
Mrs. Hudson’s face fell, and her eyes filled with something like guilt, as if she’d betrayed something she’d been supposed to keep secret. John was suddenly torn between relief that she was so much worse at hiding what she was thinking than Sherlock was, and the growing dread at the centre of his stomach that felt even worse than the nausea.
Sherlock hesitated a moment longer, his eyes raking over him for a moment, and John fought the urge to duck his head in shame. Eventually Sherlock nodded once, his lips twitching up into an obviously hollow smile, and he swept out through the door, leaving John alone in the bedroom with an ache in his chest deeper than any knife could carve.
Mycroft huffed out a bewildered laugh. “‘Sorry?’ Is that it?” The sound pounded against Sherlock’s brow, making him wince. “Can’t you even be bothered to try to justify this in some scathing manner that’s supposed to prove your own brilliance?”
A click of the lock, and the door swung open. There stood Sherlock, wearing his blue dressing gown over his button-up, his hair slightly mussed and his cheeks turning pink as the air rushed in through the entrance.
He was exceedingly glad when Mrs. Hudson broke the silence. “Well, at least one of us should get some rest. For tonight, anyway.” Her voice was a bit strained, but she managed to mostly maintain her sunny disposition. “I know when my sister had her heart episode, I didn’t sleep for a week!”
“Right,” Mycroft finally chimed in, once Sherlock was able to get his giggles under control. “Well, I’ll get my things, and then let’s fix the country, shall we?”
He gave a half-hearted chuckle, but Sherlock obviously didn’t join him. He nodded, and sipped at his tea again.
Their backs were turned to Sherlock, so he moved a little closer, and was able to catch their conversation floating out through the open door.
case, and quite a brilliant solve, as John had told him very thoroughly in the cab on the way back to the yard. The post-chase adrenaline was still coursing in his veins, and he was sated with bone-deep satisfaction that filled him at the close all the best cases, just inviting Sherlock to spend the next week or so basking in it. He’d even told Lestrade on the way in that he didn’t have to get him a Christmas present now – this had been more than enough.
Sherlock’s smile was eclipsing everything else in the world – it was brighter than the sun, brighter than the entire
Sherlock finally looked at John straight on. His arms were crossed over his chest, but his lips were pursed in an unsure…almost nervous way.
“Don’t go,” he whispers between John’s lips. “Please, don’t go, don’t leave me here.” His hands pound frantically on John’s chest. He can’t feel his heartbeat. “Please don’t die, please please don’t die, I love you, I love you, John,
They broke apart long moments later to find that their hands had unclasped and they were holding each other closer, not moving away. Their bodies might always have known, in every cell, that they would find their way here one day, and know exactly what to do.
Sherlock drew another shaking breath; he didn’t let himself finish that thought. Instead he clutched John’s hand tighter, moved his fingers over ghostly pale skin – too cold, too cold. He watched his face intently, waiting for any change, any indication of consciousness, any signal that John could hear his incessant, broken pleas,
“Here,” he said as he broke off. He stepped back to set the book almost reverently on the side table next to his chair, then dug inside his jacket for a moment before withdrawing a small, square box, wrapped in gold paper.
And with another messy kiss John reached in between their bodies and took Sherlock in hand, stroking long and luxuriously over his aching cock, giving him just enough sweet pressure in combination with each hard, perfect thrust and that was it, that was it. Sherlock’s back arched off the mattress into John’s chest, John’s name bursting from his lungs as he crashed over the edge; flames, white and searing, coursed through his extremities and he was coming, hard and fast over John’s hand, his hips still pushing back to meet John’s thrusts as he rode out his sweet pleasure.
Of course it had been ludicrous – John had known it last night as he’d stared at the flight page, wondering if he was really going to go through with this. What was he even
Sherlock was almost laughing now, swimming towards John and snagging papers as he went. “Que tipo de idiota não copia?”
Sherlock didn’t let him finish. He dove back in, kissing him even more deeply than before, holding him so tightly and never ever wanting to let go.
John                            “Yeah... I was. I don’t know how the hell it works, but...” I turn my head again, showing him the side of my neck.
Greg                            "Oh really? Do explain, matchmaker." I raised an eyebrow jokingly and at one point I had felt Luke attractive, but he was an idiot. A plain, muscled idiot.
John                            “Um... sure. The bathroom’s downstairs. We were expecting that when we picked you up, you’d have some things. I’m sure Anthea is having the rest of your things sent over. We could go shopping.”
Dr Capaldi                 "Do you know his next of kin? Though he can recover here we're quite busy. Seems a lot of metas have been suffering weird afflictions. It would be best if he had somewhere else to recoup."
Greg                            "Morning. How are John and Sherlock doing?" I asked and undid my jacket, so I could at least sit comfortably with my coffee.
Sherlock                   My teeth nip into his flesh once more, before I pull off, panting and slightly glazed, nodding and rolling onto my back, spreading my legs for him as I stroke myself, "Won’t… take much."
Greg                             I didn't hold back from groaning as we wouldn't have spectators, one of my hands running down to his arse to pull him against me for friction. My body was shaking with how desperate I was for him to fuck me.
Greg                             I could feel Mycroft already starting to fall asleep when we climbed into bed, so I decided the questions would have to wait until morning. It was like I felt his exhaustion too, like I'd just been on a long 48-hour crime scene shift and I'd just gotten into a bed that was like a cloud. I was sure I'd fallen asleep as soon as I had relaxed into the sheets with his head on my chest.
Mycroft                 "You know as well as I do that continuing his sedation will not interfere with the healing process. Another 12 hours, and he'll likely wake on his own. In the meantime, you have full access to the amenities, including" I wrinkle my nose at his dusty features "the shower. Lestrade and I will remain here, so that John is not left unattended."
Greg                            I watch carefully as Mycroft and Eurus and the crunch from her dislocated thumb made my heart jump, her hand flying towards Mycroft and I flung to get in between them from the kitchen where John had been trying to clean up the cut on my neck. The knife had been dropped yet I then had her hand suffocating the breath from my neck.
Rosie                          "Why does Graham fight with dad? I thought you were all friends, but you don't act like it."
Sharon Price             The fire burns brighter as I wave away the attentions of the medics, instead rushing towards Lestrade, "That was so brave. Is... is she all right?" My eyes are large and scared under my heavy brown fringe, turning to watch the medics work with shaking hands trying to reach for any comfort I can find
Sherlock                   My nose scrunches at John's rather silly question about my underwear. He knows I always sleep naked and rarely bother with clothes if it's just us two... which... it isn't now. Oh. I feel my face heat for a moment before the little girl drops her bee, panicking. Swiftly I lean down, scooping the toy off and holding it out with what I hope is a reassuring smile, "John spills more milk than that if he's half asleep in the morning. Once he caught his bowl with his arm when not paying attention and launched his bran flakes and milk straight into the face of George."
Sherlock                     My arm comes up to cover my eyes, allowing her touch even though my skin crawls with it. I choke back a sob before muttering, "John...would have wished me to carry on. I believe my brother fetched my daughter as some kind… some kind of emotional balm. Yet I don't know what I'm doing. She would be better off with someone else, even Mycroft. I'm such a useless, pathetic man."
Greg                            "Well. there was something I'd been thinking about for the last few months.  Rather than us trying to work with the Yard, Sally will probably still be there… Anderson too..." I smile back at him and brush my thumb across his cheek.
Mycroft                     I finish my tea as well, taking both empty mugs and setting them on the tray on the vanity. I then climbed onto the bed, nestling my body close to him and settling an arm around him.
Sherlock                   "I... apologise also." My voice lowers, eyes falling on John and Rosie, before returning to Lestrade, "John's daughter seems taken with you."
Greg                            "I’m sorry. And here's me moaning on about my ex-wife cheating on me." I dropped my feet with an anxious chuckle running a hand through my hair, thinking he had it a lot worse than I did. It must have made sex difficult.
Rosie                          I get up on a chair, holding my new Bee and backpack. "Have any cookies?"
Mycroft                     "Nothing..." I whisper hoarsely, drawing a moan from him as I nuzzle against his cock.
Rosie                           "Dude! That's so cool!" Wow, I wanna be a detective. "What do you do? I mean like what's your power?"
Sally                            Pfft "it's always a little somethin’, Lock. You're not as high as I've seen ya before, but I can see you've sunk pretty low. First losing John, then finding out you’re a dad, then losing that cute little girl...? That would break anyone. Even you."
Greg                             I tilt my head back where we had the fire lit, it sounding like one of those old fashioned romance novels where they make beautiful love in front of the fire to keep warm. I loved the feeling of the rug on my body though but wanted to feel his hands all over me. Even if he did have to put on a thin pair of gloves so he wouldn't get overwhelmed.
Oliver                         I tried not to fidget while I sat opposite the DI and the boss of my boss' boss
Mrs. Lipton             "How do you know about my sister?" I narrow my eyes while I put a bowl on the table
Mycroft                       "Possible." I leaned on my umbrella, deep in thought. "And there are apparently to be repercussions, as I read the enclosed note before you did... as though he knew I would."
Greg                             I put my legs up onto his as we stretch out on the sofa and both of us are glad that John and Rosie have headed off to bed. Me and John still weren't on speaking terms, Rosie being very talkative and almost hyper where the adults were just exhausted.
Sherlock                   My jaw loosens again, nodding and then automatically shifting my shoulder from under his hand, turning to take my empty cup back into the kitchen
Mycroft                     "Interesting. They appear to be adept at staying below the radar. We may need to do some more intensive research."
Greg                             "No, not really." I scratch the back of my head and knew this was going to be a tough story so sat back in the sofa.
Just keep an eye on him. You can let him rest but only a few hours it at a time. And if he’s hard to wake call 999 immediately.
Sherlock                     "Anderson." I say the name firmly, coldly. "He is the inept forensic specialist and Sally's lover. I thought those two would be in this together." I turn back to Rosie, nodding, "Your help has been invaluable."
Greg                            "Which is why we have to show her that we're stronger than that. I know you're worried about Sherlock and so am I." I got up to touch him to be soothing, stopping with the cold voice I got in response.
Mycroft                     "You are curious about my ability. I can see it on your face."  I quietly slip off one of my gloves as I watch his reaction.
John                             “Well, if he’s this feverish. He could turn septic quickly. Like I said, he’ll need antibiotics.”
Rosie                          "How old are you?! Dude, that's way too much sugar. You're gonna rot your teeth out."
Sherlock                   I slide down onto the sofa once more, nibbling in my ginger nuts, occasionally attempting to slide one her way to see what she thinks. For the most part, I stay quiet, abashed by my earlier argument with the child and rocky start, watching John interact with his daughter now to try and learn.
Mycroft                     My tongue swirls over his shaft, as he thrusts against me. He hits the back of my throat, and I try to suppress my gag reflex, letting him move just a little further.
Greg                             I rub my face for a moment before following Sherlock, my face sunken and I folded my arms across my chest again when we were out of eye shot and ear shot. People in my team knew John's 'death' had been hard on me.
Greg                            I nodded as we needed to trace that car, knowing that Oliver must have contacted Sebastian to tell him that we were on to him. I felt the familiar calm feeling as Mycroft touched my arm lightly and I saw his eyes shut as he tried to find it.
Greg                             "Oh wah, John, you're lucky you're here at all, me and Mycroft spoke about sending you to a safe house out in the country and you now feel what I feel when you and Sherlock go off on a case. I’m left without anything, unable to do anything." I said angrily, and I'd barely slept last night with arresting Sherlock yesterday.
Sherlock                     My gaze follows her as she rushes up, quite warmed by her joy. I realise she hasn't smiled much since she's been with us. Without delay, I pull out my phone, sending a long message to my brother.
Sherlock                     With a last kiss, I'm sweeping out the door, "Come Rose Marie. The game is on."
Moriarty               The feeling of his warm mouth had me taking control and fucking into his mouth. "Another." I demand him to give me more at the same time as me keeping his head where I wanted it. His tongue was doing delicious things to my frenulum.
Mycroft                 No, thank you, Lest - I mean, Gregory." I said, avoiding the offered biscuits. We headed down to the garage, where I climbed into a red BMW. He looked a bit surprised that I was driving, rather than enlisting a driver this time.
John                            Seeing Sherlock back on his phone, I smack him giving him a look. “So, do you two want to wait in the couch and I can go make some snacks?
Greg                             I looked up at him as he slathered the lube on his cock, his eyes still erotically dark and just wrapped a hand around myself as he pulled my hips up to nudge against my whole. I loved how he growled and was grabbing me like I was a piece of meat.
A red and a blue, one lies and one’s true, they're in the drawer next to you, here's a little clue, one pill to not weep, one pill to sleep, one pill will heal you, two pills will kill you.
Greg                      "Some. Nieces mainly, my brother had twin girls, so I always took them for a weekend if their parents needed a break." I smile fondly.  I found out a month after my divorce that Caroline was pregnant but not with my child obviously, which we established when she was 5 months gone.
Greg                             "No... no, course not." I chuckle, lifting his hand from my chest to kiss it and I heard him say something else when I was just dropping off. My muscles felt completely relaxed and I felt I could actually sleep for a change.
Sherlock               I glare at them for a moment longer, before turning away, looking to John with a softer frown, my face hardening in a moment before I stand, placing his hand onto his chest, "Ten minutes. No more. If anything happens to him then I will not be held responsible for my actions."
John                            He reaches for me and his arms close around my shoulders. “You can touch me?” I sigh heavily, relaxing into his arms.
Greg                             I myself look up at Mycroft where he stands up and I know my powers won't work with Irene, her being such a powerful meta. I left the file on the desk and left the room, shutting the door without a word and trusted him to get the information we needed from her about the organisation but also about Moriarty.
Sherlock                   I look startled, glancing over at Mycroft for a sign of what to do, before wrapping my arms carefully around her, speaking sincerely, "I am sorry I had to break your confidence, but you are a very special little girl. Your home is here now, with your father. Everything I do is to keep you both safe and secure here in Baker street."
Greg                             "I am shouting at you because you kept information from me. You didn't tell me that you were going to read that child. That is my argument and if we can communicate better than we can work together.”  I calmed my voice down a bit where there were officers coming in and out and they didn't need to see another lover’s tiff.
Greg                             I tried to keep glancing down at him to make sure that he wasn't passing out from the emotions flooding him, my hand down on his shoulder rather than in his hair with my eyes shutting again in time with a strangled moan coming from my throat. He was getting more confident with his hand on my hip and raising it up to brush my nipple again, twisting it in his fingers.
Mycroft                     I fell back onto the bed with a groan as he wrapped his hand around my shaft. "Y-yes... that's good..." I managed to say when he began slowly stroking me.
Sherlock                   Leaping to my feet, I stride to my brother, before dropping down to my knees in front of him, naked pleading in my voice, "You asked me to act as if I'm grieving for John. That will be quite easy to do as I'm so scared of losing him."
Sherlock                   Muttering something under my breath, my hand reaches for one of the jars of honey on the counter behind me
Mycroft                 "John has been resting comfortably in your absence, brother." I clear my throat and rise to my feet, ignoring Sherlock's question. "I need to be getting back to the office. There is much for me to discuss with Anthea."
Sherlock had snapped.  “And I wasn’t expecting to…to Dreamwalk anyway.”  Still, Moriarty had not been happy.  He’d let a wraith have her way with Sherlock, and he spent a week seeing things that weren’t there, screaming at nothing.  After, Moriarty had shown him the tapes.  Sherlock never quite remembered what he had seen during that week.  He’d screamed John’s name a lot.  He’d strangled a lot of air.  Hit the walls of the cage until his fists were bloody.  Nearly scratched his skin off one day, muttering about bugs.  Really, he was glad he didn’t remember.
It had taken most of the first month for Sherlock to believe that Mycroft wouldn’t hurt him for wearing the provided pyjama bottoms.   John found the reason for this in one of the journals.  In the cold months, mostly, Moriarty would supply Sherlock with clothes, tell him to put them on, beat him if he refused.  Then, when he did put them on, the next time Moriarty came into the room, he’d fly into a rage, beating, cutting, burning Sherlock, berating him.  “I never said you could wear that.  What, you think you’re better than this?  You’re
It still was taking a long time.  Sherlock couldn’t get through a meeting with John without someone else there.  He needed near constant reassurances from Mycroft, or Dina, Isda or Sariel that John was real.  That Sherlock wasn’t making him up.  That someone else wasn’t making him up for Sherlock.  He trusted Mycroft the most.  He knew him best.
Also contains some Angel History, by Mycroft!  Some is personal head canon, and some is borrowed from CW's Supernatural, and then embellished a bit.
Sherlock had lost track of how much time had passed.  There was snow on the ground, he knew.  Because it had swirled into the warehouse the night before, and piled up a bit on the floor under the windows.  He’d actually managed to fall asleep, covered with his wings to keep out the chill.  He’d been woken with a bucket of freezing water.  A demon shoved her face into his.  “Wake up sunshine!” she’d crowed.  “It’s a glorious cold day.  Up!  Up!  Up!”  Each ‘up’ was accompanied by a jab with an old fire poker to the ribs.  Sherlock tried to stand, but she’d hit him, hard in the ribs when he didn’t stand up fast enough.  “Hurry up!” she’d trilled.
He was glad of Molly.  Molly, who had never been used against him, whose image was never false.  She was a little frightened of him, at first, and then, he could tell she also pitied him, and neither was pleasant, but it was better to be sure of himself.  And sometimes John didn’t seem quite real.  At least he could fly again.
“I think, for the time being, that is probably unwise.  He did not react very well to your presence before, you may recall.”  John flushed.  Mycroft sighed.  “Look.  You may remain here.  Read the journal, if you wish.  I will tell you when you may see him.  You two,” he added to Lestrade and Sally.  “Go back to the yard and fill out the report.  I will check in shortly.”
Weeks turned into months.  He still dreamed sometimes, usually John was in them, though it wasn’t the real John from the time he’d managed to Dreamwalk.
*Dina--angel of Learning, also of Knowledge and Communication.  I figured, this would be a good one to represent Anthea from the show.
**Isda--angel of Nourishment, physical and emotional wellbeing.  There are better angels of healing, but I figured, on short notice, she might be the closest one Mycroft could get ahold of.
“I lied.  I do that you know.”  Sherlock’s knees had buckled where he had been straining at the collar.  Moriarty had laughed, hit him, hard, with something metal, and left.
He eventually passed out from sheer exhaustion.  And, he finally managed to dream. John was there.  Dreamwalking.  In the minutes he’d managed to catch of sleep here and there the past….however long it had been, he’d tried to do this, and it had never worked.  It took him a moment, but he realized it wasn’t a dream.  He’d managed it. He was in the flat, wearing his coat, firmly buttoned to his neck.  “Oh,” he said.  “I wasn’t expecting this.”  He looked at John, who looked a little stunned to see him.  Definitely Dreamwalking then.  Not just a dream.  Thank….well, whomever was listening.  Father, maybe.   “I suppose we must be asleep at the same time. I’ve been trying to do this for ages you know.”  Since he realized he could dream.
At night, he still heard the screams.  Moriarty’s face swam into view.  “I’ve got Melissa,”  Melissa?  Oh, the wraith, he’d forgotten…. “having some fun with a few friends,” he whispered.  John’s voice rang out.
For months, John visited every day.  Not for long, not at first.  And every time, Sherlock repeated the exercise he had on the first day.  Mycroft would announce John’s presence, and Sherlock would look up, and meet John’s eyes, slightly terrified.  He would check with Mycroft several times to ensure that it really was John.  Mycroft explained it that he was essentially the only thing Sherlock knew definitively, was real.
If there is something you guys would like to see, please let me know.  I have some interactions, some...incidents planned that may or may not make an appearance in the story.  So, if there is something or someone you'd like to see Sherlock interact with, please comment.
So I tried to have Sherlock starting to get a little better. He is still far from perfect, he is still weak.  He does have a reason for helping the boy and his sister.  It will be explained in the next chapter I think.
It took a long time for Sherlock to say anything even remotely understandable.  And even then, it was mostly random words.  John’s name; sometimes.  Mutters about things being ‘false’ or ‘real.’  He still didn’t talk much.  It was eight months before he looked up at John and said “Home.”  John blinked at him.  “
It has been....a long time since I've updated.  Sorry about that.  I've had this chapter...or versions of it, in my mind for a while.  There are a few things that might come back next chapter.  I am thinking, only one or two more, and then this story will be finished.
.  Bet you don’t like them.”  Sherlock managed to stand, tried to lunge for Moriarty, but the blades stopped him.  They were far enough apart from each other that he couldn’t even pull them out of the wall.  He didn’t try to lunge again, though he stood, watching the Fallen angel through furious eyes.  “Not uncomfortable, are we Sherlock?” he sneered.  “We’re just getting started.”
“Be careful what you say Sherlock.”  He leaned on the pipe.  “I don’t think John would survive this do you?”   Sherlock grunted in pain.  “What do you say we test it out?”  Sherlock’s eyes widened.
John strode over, ignoring the warning from Lestrade.  Sherlock looked up and started to…well, to be honest, John didn’t know what he started to do.  The sounds coming out of his mouth were not human.  John was forced to his knees. Somewhere, a previously unbroken window shattered.  The room seemed to vibrate.  He forced himself to stand to move to the wing, and jerk the blade out.  The bars of the cage shook, though they didn’t break.  There were odd markings and symbols on them that John couldn’t quite make out as he rounded the cage slowly.  Plaster started to rain down on them.  Lestrade beat John to the second knife, pulling it out.  The wings snapped into the cage, but seemed to hang wrong.  Bone stuck out of them at odd angles.  Badly broken.  The screaming stopped.
His wings would be unpinned for brief periods of time, enough to get some feeling back into them, back into his body before Moriarty came and had target practice with them again.  It was less target practice really, and more him entering the room, gleefully, and saying, “Come on Sherlock, stand up, wings up and out.”  If Sherlock was too slow, or if he refused, or asked a question, Moriarty would sigh.  “I really thought you’d hold out longer.  I think I might send one of my little pets for yours now,” and Sherlock would stand, glaring.  And then, before he could even see it, two knives would be hilt deep in his wings, and he’d be pinned to the wall again.  Sometimes, he couldn’t even crouch, depending on where they landed.  He’d stay standing for hours.  Once, for two days, he couldn’t move.  His legs had been positively shaking, though they had long since gone numb.  Still, he had endured worse.  It had been a long time ago, to be sure, but he had endured worse.   He was sure of it.
Sherlock moved then, smashing his lips against Moriarty’s.  John felt hopelessly lost.  What was happening?  Moriarty grinned, and…the best John could describe it was flickered and then pulled away, once more looking like the Jim Moriarty he had met at the pool.  “That’s more like it,” he said.  And leaned in for another kiss.  John could see his erection growing, pressing against Sherlock’s slowly hardening cock.  He kept rolling his hips to stimulate friction.
The chains around Sherlock’s wrists were tight.  They lifted his arms straight into the air, suspended by a hook on the ceiling.  His feet brushed the ground, barely.  No way to take the pressure off his arms.  He’d been hanging there for nearly three hours.  His hands were turning blue.  Earlier, he’d tried everything he could think of to get down.  Nothing had worked.  And the only thing that
I've taken the basic character of angels from how they act in the TV show Supernatural.  I've also taken some of the demon behavior from that show, though I've given them more power in this instance.
Um....so I have some torture, some crazy Sherlock...and yeah.  Maybe some more Sherlock and John next chapter?
The day after that, the exercise was repeated.  Except this time a four tailed whip was used, with bits of bone at the end.  He was not allowed to sleep.  He wasn’t allowed to even collapse that day.  As soon as the whip and peroxide part was over, Moriarty left.  But the demons didn’t.  They burned the ground under his feet, catching them on fire if he didn’t, jump.  Then they’d freeze it as he came down, sending him sprawling.
"No," whispered Sherlock, "God, no."  The demon whipped the scalpel down, cutting a gash across Sherlock's cheek.
Right.  I think that a lot of story was lost in this chapter, and it became really descriptive.  Sorry about that.  It is pretty long.
Baker Street was…much, much better than Mycrofts home.  It actually felt like someplace he wanted to be.  It felt like someplace that
“For the shock,” said a smooth voice, and he glanced over and saw that Lestrade and Sally were still there, that they had their own drinks, looking just as dazed as he felt.  Mycroft stood, leaning against his desk, looking decidedly unruffled.  At least, at first glance.  As the roaring in John’s ears grew muffled, as he remembered how to breathe properly and as his heart rate returned to normal, he noted that Mycroft’s face was too blank, his eyes worried, though no trace of it showed on the rest of his features.  He took a shaky breath.
He still had wraith given hallucinations about killing John, Mrs Hudson and Lestrade.  Of people coming to rescue him, NSY with all their forces, John, gun drawn.  He didn’t have any more about Molly, not after that first time, though he never really wondered why.  He never thought about it.  There wasn’t time.  Usually he could tell when something was a hallucination or not.  And often, he could dispel these with the triumphant informing of these imagined friends that they were false.  It was the only thing, he learned that was safe to say to John.  False.  False.  Though he usually didn’t say anything if it were a dream of John.  Just to be safe.  To know it, in his mind was enough.  To know that his mind was still his own….he didn’t need to say it out loud.
Relief was short lived, as an electric shock sent him all but shrieking toward consciousness.  The demon bitch was grinning at him still, what looked like a small cattle prod aimed directly at his heart.  He assumed.  He couldn't see much except skin and his broken ribs, red and dripped peaking out over his chest cavity.    The man 'tsked' at him.  "Come on now.  That's cheating.  Mr Moriarty won't like that at all, will he."  It wasn't a question, however much it might be phrased as one.   The male demon gently pushed the electrical tool away, and the girl stood back, setting it down where Sherlock couldn't see her or it.  And then the demon man plunged his hand into Sherlock and grabbed his heart, and started squeezing.  "I trust you are familiar," he whispered, "with the story of Prometheus?"  And somehow, through the haze of pain, Sherlock did know exactly what had happened to Prometheus.  He tried to scream but all he could d was cough.  "Sadly," the demon continued, "I don't have anything as majestic as an eagle."  He gestured, and the girl came forward again, a rather large rat in her hands.  "This will have to do."  She made sure Sherlock got a look at it, before the demon nodded.  "Put it in and close him up."
“Can we go home now?” John asked him.  Sherlock tilted his head to the side, and shuffled his wings.  John managed to catch hold of him before the two of them were swept from the morgue and back at Baker Street.  John felt a little ill, as he always seemed to after angelic transportation.  “You gonna tell me what upset you this morning?”  Sherlock hesitated, then slowly brought his forehead to Johns.  He was already shaking.
dreams.  He knew that by now.  Somehow, Sherlock was trying to reach him from wherever he was.  John wasn’t sure how he felt about that.  If it was even believable.
Greg Lestrade visited Sherlock for the first time one month after John started his daily visits.   Sherlock, by that point, didn’t need Mycroft to stay the entire time John was there.  He still required him to reassure Sherlock that he wasn’t hallucinating John, that John was
“No?” he asked, not taking his eyes off the ball.  He stuck the finger into his mouth.  The boy looked horrified.
“Yes,” replied John, just as quietly.  Sherlock would be able to hear them if he wanted, it didn’t matter how softly they spoke.  Or even really where they were.  Still, it felt odd to speak in tones any other than almost whispers.  “But he’s getting better.  He doesn’t need Mycroft to stay anymore, to ensure I am who I say I am,” he shrugged weakly.  “You’ve been reading the journals?”  Lestrade nodded, looking a little sick.
This John didn’t move.  Just closed his eyes.  Sherlock glanced at Mycroft again, who nodded.  He raised his other hand, brought it to John’s face as well.  He began mapping it, thumbs brushing against cheekbones, his nose and above his eyebrows.  He traced fingers down John’s lips, his chin.  John let him map his features, let him learn the feel of them.  It was different.  Different than False John.  This was…he huffed out a breath.  This was real.  He was….he glanced at Mycroft again, grounding himself.  It was real.  This John was real.
again, and finally, John had agreed.  Sherlock was quietly pleased to be going out, and John could feel it occasionally, bubbling across whatever link Sherlock (or Mycroft, he honestly wasn't sure which) had set up so he'd be better able to help.  Since they weren't touching, he wasn't getting anything clear from Sherlock, just an overall sense of general wellbeing.  John was glad to make him happy.
The wraith though…she might not have been in Sherlock’s mind for the nightmares, but she could get a good idea of what he went through from the things he yelled.  She’d started fast forwarding through most of the hallucinations now.  She’d pause every so often, to see if there was anything new.  There rarely was. Sometimes he’d start hurting himself, throwing himself against the walls, the bars, beating his head against anything he could find, clawing at his wrists until they went bloody…and she was tired of watching it.  Mycroft wanted the tapes watched so badly, he could watch them.
Mycroft sighed.  “I don’t know.  It is telling that he is asking you now, instead of just telling me that he wishes to go ‘home.’  He won’t tell me what home is though.  If home is Baker Street or if he wants to go
"I'm his friend.  And he isn't autistic.  He's been through a trauma."  The woman started backpedaling.
Moriarty clicked his fingers and Sherlock collapsed to the ground, moaning.  The demons disappeared.  John blinked, as suddenly the room was empty of all but Sherlock and Moriarty.  But when Sherlock looked up, Moriarty looked like John.  Like
this was odd.  Demons shouldn’t be able to do this, not normal ones.  He never thought he’d be grateful for the return of James….of Moriarty.
“Yes.  He was.  I…haven’t determined the reason for that yet,” said Mycroft.  “It seems he found something
Sherlock slumped against the wall and another demon approached.  He had a thinner metal tube.  He passed through John, and John heard his staff humming.  He grinned, and plunged it into Sherlock’s side, hard.  John could hear and smell the electric shock.  Sherlock screamed again.
"It's alright.  It's just me.  I have you, alright?  You are still safe."  Sherlock took several deep breaths, trying to calm down.
Wow, it's taken me forever to get this up.  Sorry about that.  This might be the last for real chapter.  I might do one more, set a few years in the future and put in some Johnlock slash, but....I guess that depends on demand?  So.  Unless I get hit with a real good idea, this is it.  I might do ficlets in this universe of various extras.
said Lestrade.  “I must have tried a dozen times, he won’t answer his phone, his assistant won’t answer
Mycroft stared down at Sherlock’s barely moving body.  Though it was only barely moving for a moment.  He screamed, and started thrashing wildly.  Mycroft called for help, and Isda and Sariel clutched at his hands, pouring calming grace into him.  Finally, Sherlock did stop screaming, and lay, just gasping, still unconscious.  Mycroft touched a soft hand to Sherlock’s forehead.  “We’ll make you better, brother,” he whispered.  “We’ll bring you back to us.”
"My niece," she said, slowly.  "She's…could you fix her?"  John frowned again, and Sherlock mimicked his expression.
The voice laughed.  Cold, cruel, and absolutely gleeful.  “Yes dear.  Pins and pipes and huge needles and corkscrews and we had such fun, didn’t we?”  Sherlock groaned, and was rewarded with a hard kick straight to his groin.  His body instinctively clenched in on itself, but the pressure on his cock didn’t go away after the kick.   The foot stayed there, and pressed down.  Sherlock gasped, trying to breathe, trying to scream, anything.  The voice was saying….something, just what, Sherlock had no idea.    Then the foot was gone from his groin, concentrating instead on kicking anything else it could reach.  Stomach ribs, and then there were
"Which one's yours?" she asked, and honestly, John thought it was obvious.  He had his own socks and shoes on, and yet was clutching another grown mans pair.  Sherlock was more or less the only lone man in the park, and he was the only one without shoes.  Sherlock would have had a scathing comment.  John just smiled and pointed.  He was examining the large tree at the edge of the park now, about fifty or so paces from the bench where John sat.  The woman nodded, pity filling her eyes, and John immediately felt his defenses rise.  "I have a niece," she said.  "Autistic, poor dear.  It's nice though, that they let him out.  Are you his doctor?"  John tightened his jaw.
John only saw what happened next because he was far enough away.  Sherlock’s hands, on Moriarty’s chest, moved from the shirt, slowly, then were holding his hands lightly.  The other barely noticed, enjoying the kiss, loving the fact that Sherlock’s body was reacting.  He read the additional movement as further arousal.   And then Sherlock moved, faster than John would have thought he could.  The knife, though pressed against his chest, was now being only very loosely held by Moriarty.
Sherlock                     My arms stretch up lazily, before I hop to my feet, eyes bright, "Only this." My hand reaches into my pocket, pulling out the one small, cream-coloured pill, "But I wouldn't recommend arresting me for it. It's prescription."
Sherlock                   My glass touches my lips and I suddenly realise how thirsty... and hungry I am, having half-starved myself to play this part. Sipping the wine, I shake my head, "You're also a genius."
Sherlock                   "No, this is my dream." My voice is edged with that familiar tone of huffiness now, the fingertips brushing again
Greg                            I tried to relax where his tongue around my hip was driving me crazy. I lazily kept my hand on his shoulder around his neck, looking down at him when he lifted my leg over his shoulder and started making his way down to my arsehole. It made me tremble in anticipation.
Greg                            "Yes. An Oliver Parsons. 24, insured and taxed. Not one single point on his license and the only thing he's been charged with in the past is public disturbance but that was due to drink two years ago." I explained, seeing him blink and pause for a moment.
Greg                            "The research I did on soulmates earlier... I felt how drained you were after the whole Eurus incident." I muttered as I stroked his back and felt him relax into me more. It felt good to have him by my side again.
Greg                            I chuckle angrily and look back out the window, shaking my head. "You... You suddenly disappearing for 5 days without a single god damn fucking word to me..." I said with my temper feeling like it was rising each second I stood there with him.
John                            Mycroft lowers Jim to the floor and I see Sherlock standing behind, frozen arms still raises with the gun. I move over to him quickly, taking the gun from him. “Sherlock? Alright, Love?”
Sherlock                     "Daughter." I mutter in passing, heading towards Lestrade's office, knowing that particular information should distract her enough she wouldn't question where I was off too. I was confident Rosie could take it from there
Mycroft                       I smile quietly as I move up against him, my fingertips dancing lightly over his hip. I can feel the heat of his cock across the back of my hand as I stroke across his stomach.
Mycroft                     "It is believed even in a coma, one can hear the goings-on around him. So it's not surprising that you have a memory of someone speaking while you were unconscious." I reply calmly. "I did not recognize the voice, unfortunately, and no names were mentioned. Who sent the photograph? Is there any information on the envelope?"
Mycroft                       "I'm just a bit more controlled... in public." I smile at him. I ran a finger along his jawline.
I ran into the hospital and was directed to surgery, my hands at my side as I finally found Sherlock and stood beside him, deathly quiet and I gulp where I see them trying to call time on his death.
Sherlock                     The thought makes me pause, for a moment looking a little upset even, before pulling the mask back on, "You may be right."
Irene                            Swinging my leg down, I rest my elbows on the table, looking across at the salt and pepper haired one. “I’m sorry, am I distracting you?” I reach across to lazily finger at the top of the file.
Sherlock                   "One step ahead for you is still two steps behind me, Lestrade." I snap, pulling out my phone and shooting off a Text to my brother.
Mycroft                     I return to the bedroom to find Greg still mostly dressed, shivering under the blanket. "Greg... you need to get those wet clothes off..." I say, starting to gently dry his hair with the towel, while avoiding the cut on his forehead. I nod to a pile of clothing on the vanity. "I was able to find you some clothes that should work for this evening - track pants, and a sweatshirt. And warm socks."
Sherlock                     "Ah!" Hesitating, I swing myself around to face Rosie. "Rose Marie. It seems we must tell you certain things. Things that are keeping us all safe at the moment."
Greg                            I'm exhausted from tossing and turning all night about Mycroft, there now being a possible crime scene that could be related to Moriarty or Moran. I ring the bell to be polite and anxiously wait by the door.
Greg                            "I'll be up to the hospital in a few days to see you both, just stay safe and I wish it wasn’t like this." I take her hand to shake it for a minute, having to pull it back rather quickly as it was like a ‘bugs crawling up my arm’ kind of feeling with an edge of calm that I only ever got with Mycroft if he touched me bare handed.
Sherlock                     My hands are shoved deep in my pockets, turning and striding away from the run down, boarded up house, back towards the main street. I'm unaware I'm being watched still by the cameras placed by my brother
Rosie                          "Some one’s gonna kill me? Are they gonna blow me up too? I can't stay here. You and John might be here when they blow me up and you'll get hurt and I'll be all alone again and-" I'm interrupted my British Government.
Sherlock                   "Don't go." I bark out, trying to stand quickly and peering into the mists, "I can't do this without you, John."
Mycroft                       "When will you have results back on the pill Sherlock had in his possession?" I ask quietly, trying to ignore the excessive noise in my head.
Greg                            I squeeze his thigh for a minute before we got out and went in, my nose picking up on how quiet the house was and then my eyes spotted a body out of the corner of my eye. It was someone laid across a sofa and then someone on the floor and it was oddly quite clean. Not a lot of blood and chills went up my spine with how Mycroft came into the room.
Greg                      I found a vending machine so I could at least eat a packet of crisps and a chocolate bar, my eyes just shutting when Mycroft appeared again. I rubbed my eyes and saw something had unnerved him or put him on edge. "What is it?" I asked as I stood up
Rosie                          "Rose." I start to calm down. "People call me Rose. And I'm not good with people. No one likes me but animals." I won't cry this time. I won't.
John                            “She’s with Anthea. In a safe place. Greg was shot. We are back at Mycroft’s House now. I’m not sure why we are even waiting. For a signal from you? We know where you are. I just want to come get you. Bring you home.”
Eurus                         My movements are fast, knowing exactly where everyone would be and how they would react it seems. Once I have my arm around Lestrade and the knife to his neck I relax, purring, "That's better. I know you wanted to cuddle me and hold me tight when you met me before." My voice drops to a soft whisper in his ear, "I can save you. Come away with me Greg. Be mine. I've already saved you twice from Jimmy."
Sherlock               I try to fight to stay in with John, yelling, "He needs me. Let me through. He's coming back for me."
John                            “Sherlock? Is that you again? Where are you?” I’m in the white misty place again. I had just been in the hospital waiting room. “I must’ve fallen asleep.” I mumble.
Greg                            "And you aren't scared of Jim? I mean, if he gives you the choice of killing your parents unnecessarily then it doesn’t seem that free.  You'll be put back in a secure place after the funeral, but you'll know that you did some good for your family and for me…" I played to her soft spots and felt her relax even more, my actions quick to twist her wrist and we all then heard the clunk of the knife on the floor.
Mycroft                     "Well, you are off to a good start..." I reply, my breathing getting calmer. "...and I like to think I gave you some ideas..." I reach up carefully and stroke his jaw with the back of my hand.
Greg                            "And when he is more onto the road of recovery, you two can choose where you wanna go on holiday." I smiled where it seemed the most likely thing Sherlock would do and then the look on John's face at the thought of a holiday.
Sherlock                   "I apologise." My own plate is slid away, despite my slender frame obviously crying out for more food. My tone is cold now, eyes narrowed, "I had my mind on other things."
Greg                            I had to smirk but just looked out the window, thinking he had a pretty cool power. "That’s right." I said lightly and looked back at him when he kept going.
Greg                            "No... no..," I half kept my arms around him, half sweeping my hair back where it was dripping wet. "She'd always talked about her daughter Sharon but I was never there when her daughter was visiting." I explained.
Mycroft                 "I have obtained more information since arriving. It seems the building collapse was not due to poor structure, but due to a coordinated explosive detonation." I said, again tugging at my gloves. I had met with the Search and Rescue commander at the site while en route to the hospital. Tucking my gloves securely in my pockets, my hands brushed over some of the debris as the commander led me through. I was able to detect some of the explosive residue, and 'see' the detonation, through that light touch. That was enough for me. "I fear we had a traitor in our midst."
Greg                            "I know someone had forced me off the road with how close they were riding my ass. I wanted to remember the number plate but…" I looked up at him and met his eye worryingly where the number plate had disappeared from my short-term memory.
Greg                            I roll my eyes for a moment and sigh, "You don't always need it from me, Sherlock." I said and it was true. He had John and now a child to help keep him on the straight and narrow.
Greg                            "It wouldn't be lust if Oliver wanted to pursue a more serious relationship with him and that's a good idea. It also gives us the chance to keep an eye on him in case he betrays us somehow... speaks to Seb." I said as I first walked out of the lift and needed to get home really.
Mycroft                       His trousers down, his cock bobbed in front of me enticingly. I caress it lightly with my tongue, watching as his head falls back on his chair, a quiet groan come from him. "Quiet..." I whisper with a grin, continuing to flick my tongue over his cock.
Sherlock                   I'm frozen in shock, near to Moriarty but unable to do anything, my eyes wide and face pale
Greg                            "Its fine. I'll see you in a few days.” I tried to look properly at her face but she was soon off to get into the ambulance with her mum. I found Mycroft's driver further down the road now waiting for me, my clothes wet and my face covered in soot with the shock blanket being abandoned.
Mycroft                     While Greg showered, I made breakfast, and Anthea delivered his spare suit and mail from his office. I greet him with a cup of coffee.
Mycroft                       I frowned. "So... you were able to 'read' me for a second?" I had never heard of such a thing, but then, my ability was somewhat uncommon.
Greg                            "I saw them at Christmas for a few days, but they live in Cornwall with their parents, so it takes them a while to get here..." I looked back down at my take-out box to start eating again where I could feel his eyes looking over me.
Sherlock                     There's no hesitation, sliding my hand to take it, shaking visible and desperation in my eyes, "No one is powerful enough to stand up to my brother when he has his mind fixed on something. Oh god, Sally, oh god, what have I done... he's taking her away. I've got no one..."
Sherlock               The colour drains from my face, leaning over to clutch Lestrade's arm tight, staring at his phone, "That… can't happen. It was just a simple mission"
Mycroft                       I shiver, still a bit chilled. "I'm not sure a fully clothed shower was the wisest thing we've ever done..." I pull my dressing gown a bit tighter. My hair is still wet, and is likely to curl dry, but I'm too amused to care.
Greg                             "I've never seen him as fragile. Not with the job he has or having you as a brother. No offence. Yeah, under the surface, he is soft and kind, but he is strong." I say softly, watching his eyes widen and then the confusion in his face.
Greg                             "Please... touch me with the gloves on." I gasped for breath between us kissing and it’s something I'd never expect to like before. I stepped off him to lie down, one hand holding onto the headboard while the other stroked my cock enough for his pupils to be as wide as dinner plates.
Mycroft                     "Wait... Sherlock took his burner phone with him." I leave Greg standing in the hallway, and hurry to my office. Rifling through the bottom drawer, I find an old phone of my own... untraceable. With the phone, I send a text message to the most likely phone number.
Greg                             "There’s a little sandwich place just down the road from the Yard. If you ask for my usual then they'll make it for you." I grinned, taking my coffee mug in hand so I could drink it once I'd come out of the shower. I changed into a fresh dark navy suit and thought I looked smashing.
Mycroft                     I tentatively pick up my coffee mug and take a quick sip. It's been a long time since I've tried to control my power on my own like this... the last time it overwhelmed me. "It was wrong of me to ask you to curb your ability when I was not willing to curb my own."
Greg                            "Okay. Just eat a bit more chocolate to get your blood sugar up... deep breaths..." I went to move my hand from his knee but the look he gave me kept it there. He seemed to get a bit more colour in his cheeks, my phone buzzing with the report from Molly about the body.
Sherlock                   There's the sound of footsteps from above, even above the stairs leading to Rosie's room, hurrying downwards
Mycroft                       "After scolding me, for working to keep you and John - and him - safe." I huff.
John                            “Um... that Moriarty was planning to come and get Rosie. That he couldn’t get a message to us. But it wasn’t real. It was just a dream.”
Greg                             "We might be able to get the postcards to tech to see if they can do anything with the blurry face. We've even got someone that can analyze the handwriting." I said as I picked up the second mug of coffee Myc had made me, picking up a banana for the both of us.
Sherlock                   My heart sinks more, swallowing, "Is he going to be all right?" There's something vulnerable about my tone. A tone that says I've seen too much death already during this mission.
John                            “I thought we would travel to New York together. And she’s coming to live here. I want you involved. You already are. As long as you want to be.”
John                            “See... see? You mean you want me to let him... read me?” I look up at him nervously.
John                            “I don’t know! I don’t know what parts of those dreams where real or weren’t real.” I take a breath to stop my panic. “He seemed ok. He didn’t seem injured or anything.”
Greg                            "Would that be somewhere Sherlock would go? We could always go check if they're alright, check out the staff." I suggested where my gut knew something was wrong, Sally nor Anderson thankfully being in today.
Mycroft                       I take the postcard from John, and compare it to the one I have in my jacket pocket. The photograph is the same - a man, facial features blurred, holding the Crown Jewels.
John                            I can almost physically feel him next to me in the bed. “I was thinking of you too. I thought this was my dream? Which one of us is dreaming?”
S&R Commander    "Let's go!" I check the monitor to find where Sherlock has placed the beacon, and the team goes to work, carefully moving through the rubble. One of the team members yells out when they move some bricks and uncover an arm... a female arm.
Greg                             "Yeah, our latest missing persons friends backed up her boyfriend’s comments about their relationship, but she didn't go out with any of them for drinks or anything. They said she'd cut herself almost from them and joined this new club. She didn't tell them what sort of club it was but I'm guessing it's a strong meta one." I said lightly and put 'meta organisation' in the middle of the photos of the missing. I hated the cold look on his face.
Sally                            "You really want a second chance?" I look around to see no one listening. "Look. I got a friend. Real reclusive type. Been on me for years to be introduced to
Sherlock                   My hands are still clasped in my brother's, seeming forgotten as I nod, speaking quickly and with precision, "We spoke about Rose Marie and her abilities, her growing bond with you and the ongoing process of gaining full custody of her. We also spoke about what happened to Lestrade and the growing danger to you."
John                            “Oh that’s good. Both Sherlock and I like to read. There’s a library just down the street. I write a bit.”
Greg                            "They don't necessarily have him, he might have had to leave the phone here for some reason. To keep himself safe or to make sure things couldn't be traced." I rubbed the back of my neck and try to look over his shoulder at the text messages to see who he'd been talking to.
John                             I take a step towards where he was sitting at the table. “I’m his partner. His friend. I know you and Mycroft cared for him and kept tabs on him before I was in the picture. I’m grateful for that. I really am. But I know him better. I -love- him. Mycroft has trusted me with his well-being for the last few years. And I take it very seriously.”
Mycroft                     I gently remove his sling and slid his shirt off. "Just stay still." I whisper against his skin as my lips move down his body.
Eurus                         My eyes shift to the stuffed dog now scruffed on the floor by the chair, "He never let me play with him."
Moran                        I'm about to reply when I hear a noise from down below. The crunch of tyres on gravel. "Be quick. I have company." I disconnect the call, slipping the phone into my pocket as my hand goes for my stolen gun, crouching down hidden still
Oliver                         "No, Sir. It is still in the parking lot. I went to visit my parent in the weekend, after that I parked in the parking lot. During the week, I keep it there as I take the underground to work, Sir. I only live six stops away."
Rosie                          "Do you and Graham get to hold hands at all??" I climb on the counter to grab some juice glasses.
Mycroft                     I lean down and kiss him lightly on the lips. "I didn't know, but I should have."
Sherlock               My legs give way, flopping me back down into my chair, both hands slipping into and around John's smaller one, drawing it up till his skin meets my lips, "Wake up. I can't do this without you."
Greg                             "No, no, of course not. What have the metas been coming in with? Anything related to the case?" I asked as I tried to sit up but winced instead, quite surprised that he would take me into his care but thought it might have just been out of guilt.
Greg                            It is a mix of pain and pleasure that I know I'm gonna be feeling for the rest of the day at least when he cums. It’s hot in my ass, his breath on the back of my neck and I didn't see something from his childhood, but it was now more that he could read me completely without having to touch me. That bond was solid now.
Sherlock                     I stalk into the morgue, a face like thunder, snapping out for Molly and gaining no answer. Instead I teleport through the locked glass doors, striding towards the cabinets where the bodies are kept and starting to open each drawer, searching for the bodies of the murder victims over the past couple of weeks, along with Oliver’s
John                            “I’m at the hospital. I think I fell asleep in the waiting room.” I’m wandering around trying to feel anything, see anything but all it is is cold mist.
Greg                            I check Sherlock’s usual or even his old haunts to have no luck in finding him, it worrying me to the point where I told work I was going home for the weekend and that was at 2pm. I went for a run hoping I would somehow spot him, but I was in my comfy clothes by 5 watching crap TV.
Mycroft                     "I'm sure it's more bluster than anything else, but I would advise caution. Perhaps we should inform John, as well. It's possible that Seb is not yet aware of Dr. Watson's survival, after all."
Mycroft                     Greg's hand moves to cup my balls, rolling them in his palm, stroking and tugging them lightly as he takes me as far into his mouth as he can. "Yes... fuck... like that... I'm..." I arch my back as I cum, every fiber of my being vibrating gloriously.
Sherlock                     Without waiting I shoulder on through into his flat, heading towards the kitchen, "Are you sure he isn't here? he has a habit of making himself comfortable in places you don't expect him."
Sherlock                   I scan the photo, frowning, before starting on the letter, letting one eyebrow drift upwards, "Childish."
Greg                             I watched him as he began stroking himself and it somehow made my cock feel even more painfully hard. I kept stroking his chest as I got one finger in to the knuckle, my concern lowered and when he put his hand over mine again, I was holding love and warmth and relaxation in myself to try to mirror onto him. I had noted that any emotions I had when he touched me, he immediately took to hold himself.
Rosie                           "Dude, he's right here. He's not dead." S e r I o u s l y ... w t f...
Moriarty                   "Ha! Well treated?? You are mental as your sister! I have -never- been well treated. I have been studied, experimented on, abandoned by my own parents, but never ever treated well. Non-Metas are cruel to me, to us." I give a slight signal to prepare to fire. Both guards are aware Sherlock is to not be harmed but the others don't matter.
Mycroft                     I sit across from John. "Greg has been in Sherlock's life - watching over him, as you put it - for a lot longer than you have." I fold my hands in front of me. "He and I have seen a side of Sherlock that I hope you never see, and I think what he saw frightened him. I know when I first heard, it frightened me. We have watched Sherlock go down that path, John. I have pulled him out of drug dens, sat in A&E wondering if I was going to be burying him that week, stayed with him through detox." I shake my head, a bit sadly. "I don't think you see his side."
Mycroft                       I laugh weakly. "Yes, a bit not good. He ranted on about how I should have told him first, should have informed the boy's father first... without regard for the value of the information I'd given him."
Sherlock                     My eyes taken on a little softer tone as I gaze across at John, "You can't go with me. You're dead, remember?"
Sherlock                   I fall silent a moment, just sipping my tea, before nodding firmly, "I hope you can tell me more. I think your power is quite unique."
Rosie                           "He looks kinda dead." I sniff the juice before I take a sip. "Did you speramint with my juice...?" Never thought I’d have to ask that question but I've learned a few things since I've been here. Rule 1: don't eat nothin’ Lock has speramented on.
Sherlock                   "Who?" I look at John in confusion before starting the hunt for a cup of tea
John                            “Yeah. He’s doing ok, though? Not anything like Eurus is it?” I take a swig of my beer before sitting down again.
Sherlock                   Settling into a flow, I allow my lips to tighten, then relax, before gulping a breath and allowing him to buck up into the back of my throat, resisting the urge to choke around him. The hand on his base squeezes and lets go, mimicking the sensation of thrusting into my own body for him
Seb                        "For you to touch me... please..." I said with my eyes looking up at him pleading, my dropping body getting out of the bath where he held up a towel to await his next order. I just wanted to please him.
Simon Campbell      "I guess... at this point, I'm willing to try anything." I carefully hand Rowan to the tall gentleman, who carefully cradles him, rocking him gently. I'm shocked that my son calms so quickly, his screaming turning to snuffling and small noises as he stares at Mr. Holmes. I turn to DI Lestrade, who seems similarly surprised by what has happened. "So, do they have any leads on where Penny is? It's not like her to just up and disappear like this..."
Sherlock                     My nose wrinkles at the bridge, climbing over the back of my chair before flopping down in it, "Lestrade wants me to go and get some things from his office. He also wants me to question Sally and Anderson. This is perfect!"
Greg                            I was itching to have a cigarette with how stressful everything was, but I resisted to head back into Mycroft’s room. It was only 5 minutes before I had to step out again to be told over the phone that Seb had escaped while they'd been transferring him over to a secure cell at the Yard. It seemed unbelievable to me.
Mycroft                     Greg looks fairly distressed at what he is seeing, and when his eyes search the crowd, I catch his eye with a small nod.
Mycroft                     "Relationship-wise? It's been years since I tried. The last relationship didn't end well..." It had been close to 10 years since Cameron had left, frustrated by my unwillingness for physical contact. "I find it easier to just... be alone." I sigh, a touch of sadness in my voice.
Mycroft                     I roll my eyes. "I mean, if you need information from outside the flat, I will obtain it for you."
Sherlock                   “Hold on tight to my hands." The lift shifts a little, my added weight throwing it off balance. My hand clings to John's as he accepts it without question, his usual trust and faith in his eyes. Taking a breath, I turn to Lestrade, "I used my power to come to John, but I need your connection with my brother to guide us back out. I've never tried teleporting with even one person." My lips quirk in a small grin, "Good time for an experiment, isn't it? Now... concentrate on my brother, more than you ever have Lestrade."
Seb                        I kept easing my finger further into his hole as I moved to kneel between his legs, starting with a slow, light lick up the side of his cock to then take his head completely in my mouth. I then felt his hand in my hair and kept sucking on his head while he moaned into the room.
Moriarty                   "Hahaha so cute when you're cranky." I pinch his cheek just shy of painful. "Does Princess need more sleep? Coffee? Cocaine?"
John                            I shake my head, taking a seat. “I don’t see we have a choice. We need to get to him. This is the only way.”
Mycroft                     I quietly slip out of bed, careful not to wake Greg, and dress, heading to the kitchen to start coffee.
My legs swing down, utterly unbothered it seems by the guns pointed at me as I stand, putting my hands up with a small giggle, "It seems you have me right where you want me." My eyes are intense on Lestrade still, "Just like you had my big brother right where you wanted him earlier too."
Greg                             "I don't know how much I can protect him, that's the thing. If Moriarty does have an obsession with him, we don't know what he's going to do. We need to work on keeping strong metas from joining and making the group bigger, and then what we thought of earlier, knocking Seb out after we get him on his own and hold him as bait. "I ranted as I paced the kitchen.
Mycroft                       "Coffee ?" I asked hopefully, as I sat up and stretched. "What time is it? I feel like I've slept for days.”
Mycroft                     A feeling of dread I could not pinpoint had come over me in the last 45 minutes. When Greg walks in, soaked and smelling of smoke, I barely quell my panic. "What has happened?" I rush over to him.
Greg                             "A little... it’s just where I've been working a lot, the rain around." I shook my head and it just made me feel even more dizzy, my hands beginning to shake even more as I wiped them on my trousers. Now I knew something was wrong and tried to get up to get some air.
John                            “Mmm. What a wasted opportunity then.” I turn in his arms quickly, catching his lips and kissing him hard and deep, my hand in the back of his neck.
Greg                            "What do you mean, what?" I said a little louder than before and folded my arms across my chest. I'd had a busy 5 days without much sleep and the odd meal here and there, it being Mycroft who I'd reached out to without anything back.
John                            “Your mind palace?” I look around then down at myself. I was smartly dressed in a dark mauve cardigan. “What am I wearing? Do I even own this cardigan?”
Sherlock                   My breath hitches, trying to shut down my brain for once and just trust my own power, trust it to find the connection. There's a popping sensation just as the lift starts to jerk violently and fall... then the three of us appear in the control room, barging into Mycroft and sending all four of us to the ground.
Greg                            "Oh. Well, it was only a small scratch anyway." I wave it off but wince when I try to sit up, smiling where he pressed a button to sit my bed up. I used my free hand to rub my eyes, so I could see him properly.
John                             Narrowing my eyes, my eyed follow Greg as he sits. “Are you sure? You don’t look so great. Are you feeling sick? Feverish?”
Mycroft                     I creep over to the door, and slowly open it. "Inside, quickly" I whisper to John. We slip inside and close the door behind us. "We should be near Sherlock's cell, if what he showed you is accurate. Let's wait a few minutes - my little 'diversion' should be arriving any minute now." I whisper.
Greg                            "There are people out there like that, Mycroft… contrary to popular belief." I smiled at him as I took it, meeting his eye for a moment before I briefly left my office to put our bag into the bigger bin in the kitchen. I returned to find him standing with his coffee mug.
Greg                             "If you've got something more important to do then you don’t have to... I can just probably fall asleep." I gave him the option before I laid my head on his chest and hooked my leg over his. I only pulled the covers up halfway, so he wouldn’t get too warm either.
Sherlock                     My throat bobs as I turn to Sally, affecting a hitch in my voice, eyes reddening and glistening on command, "I... I know... we have not always seen eye to eye Sally but... but I wish to thank you for taking care of my daughter while..." I trail off, as if overcome, turning away from her and thrusting my hands into my pockets, shoulders trembling
Moriarty                   I wave away his concern. "She’s happier there. She has her own pet DI to play with. Mycroft is the only one who could free her from her mind."
Eurus                         "He could have learned." I snap, starting to struggle a little. "He learned how to block your powers eventually. We were too young though. You sent me away, didn't even give me a chance."
Mycroft                       I lift my hips as Greg strips my jeans from me, and look down to see he's stripped off his own, as well. I reach down and pull off his t-shirt, leaving us both completely naked.
Mycroft                       "I didn't find much information, so this may be a learning experience for us both. I suspect over time, as with any power, we will gain better control over it."
Greg                             I brought my hands down to lay beneath my chin, trying to think of the best option here. Play Moriarty’s game of making it look like both me and Mycroft are going downhill with the death of John, stress of Sherlock failing or continuing as we were trying to capture a strong meta to get any information we could out of him. I worried my lip and then felt Mycroft’s arms around my neck.
Mycroft                       I turn and walk away, pulling a pack of cigarettes out of my coat pocket. I take a seat on the bench. The young man sitting there considers starting a conversation, but with one look from me, he stubs out his cigarette, and finds somewhere else to be. Three smokes and 30 minutes later, my anger has dulled enough that I feel I can at least attempt to get some work done on the case, so I head up to Greg's office, knocking lightly on the door before entering.
Mycroft                       I follow a shell-shocked Donovan to her desk, where she pulls out a file. I carefully review the paperwork, and sign where she indicates. "Was that for real? You're sending him to Switzerland?" she asks.
Sherlock                   My heart is in my voice, breaking a little as I state. "If you come to Sherrinford you will die. Mycroft will die. Lestrade will die." My breath catches, then I plough on, "But maybe with what I can give you, we can work on a plan."
Sherlock                   "They don't want her." I snap, suddenly feeling a little heat, a burst of rare empathy. "She was abused there. Neglected. They're lucky we don't press charges."
Mycroft                     I shake my head, trying to derail that particular train of thought. "No matter. Right now, we need to focus on getting my brother back." Just as I say that, John walks into the room.
Mycroft                     I can tell he's anxious to leave, to get away from me, it seems. "Problem?" I ask.
Sherlock                   I can't help it. I jerk away from him, snapping, "Sentiment almost destroyed me. Please do not touch me like that." I lift me my chin with a steely, dangerous look to my eyes, "The only man who touched me like that is dead. There will be no more."
Greg                             "I know he was trying to protect me and I've done everything to protect him but neither of us are fragile. We’re both in jobs where we put ourselves in danger every day. I don't need molly-coddling. He's done this before?" I said with my eyes scanning Sherlock and it was true that Mycroft hid a lot away
John                            I nod, wondering if Sherlock would attempt to contact me separately. “What’s the next step? We just wait for Sherlock to contact us?”
Mycroft                       I hear Greg's voice, and feel a gentle shake of my shoulder, as he tries to rouse me from my deep sleep.
How ready do I have to be? I can't stay coped up in this room for much longer. My brother will already be searching for me -SH
John                            “But you can’t. I don’t want you to get hurt.” I’m moving around, trying to move towards the rumble of his voice.
Greg                             "It's because we believe you are working with Jim Moriarty and Sebastian Moran to create a large group of powerful metas. Not sure what purpose of it is apart from bringing back old-fashioned views of humans against metas. Killing those who are worthless."  I motioned air quotes with my fingers at ‘worthless’ and swallow as I look over the arrest report again.
Greg                             "He shouldn't have but it explains a lot. Makes me feel less like a douche." I said lightly and stepped to the side, so he could at least come out of the cold.
Greg                             I take a deep breath and sip my tea, "I know that but it's not the point. He knew we were working together and he just went behind my back when I've been trying to deal with all these families who have lost someone. Missing persons records, up to my eyeballs with 18-hour days." I explained.
Greg                            I'd been watching Mycroft from the window while he read the same note I'd read, it making me think of what exactly he'd been doing over the last 5 days. What the letter meant by bad behaviour having to be punished.
Mycroft                     I hold up my mug and tap it lightly against his, the ceramic ringing pleasantly. I sat back to enjoy my pad thai. "Hopefully you're not always stuck at the office this late..."
Greg                             "Yeah? What did you find?" I rubbed my eyes tiredly and just thought he meant research in terms of everything going on at the moment. Not with us, metas and all that jazz.
John                            Ripping into the chocolate, a break off a small piece and pop it into my mouth, softening it quickly. I press my mouth to Sherlock’s using my tongue to pass the melted chocolate into his mouth.
Greg                             "Will you be able to show me what you found? With the victim’s families and the bodies? I can only go so far." I moved to perch beside him on the sofa and I fiddled with my own sleeves where I just wanted to keep him here all night. Cuddle in bed.
Sherlock                     "Why? Why are you doing this?" My face grows even closer to his smug one, "I've lost everything. If you do this, if you take Rosie and send me away, you'll destroy me"
Greg                             I heard Mycroft getting into the shower and flicked the kettle on, collecting my clothes from last night to put in my wash pile and I then left his on the bed with the bedroom door shut for privacy. I was just jamming my toast when he popped his head through
Sherlock                     My lips purses, my attention pulled from the frustrating mixed clues around Lestrade to the murder scene. The familiar thrill coasts through me as I stride towards the body. The tide was out, casting the area in a haze of rather foul stench, made worse by the state of the man they were busy pulling out the mud, "Suggests he was either drugged or knew his attacker."
I think to myself as I rub the gel over my hands thoroughly and move to hand the bottle back. "I will pull the CCTV footage for you as soon as I get back to the office. I don't suppose I can interest you in coffee?" I would have suggested lunch but seeing the body had killed my appetite.
Sherlock                   My fingers wrap around his wrist, leaning in closer, "You mentioned training, being equals. Start treating me like one and tell me what you wish me to do."
Mycroft                     "Greg and your father are friends... they've both known my brother for a long time. Sometimes, they just disagree..." I suddenly drop my coffee cup, my eyes wide.
Mycroft                       When he turns toward me, I lean in and kiss him with a small moan, my hand flat on his back as I pull him close.
Greg                            "I also realise that Sherlock, I respect that you want to grab every opportunity by the throat, but we've got to stay one step ahead of them to have any fucking chance of bringing them down..." I stressed and glared at the sneer he gave me.
Sherlock                     My lips almost vanish, holding them together so painfully tight, face screwed up as I draw the overload of emotional baggage from him, draining it away painfully while keeping my own inner shields solid to prevent any of my own turmoil from seeping back to him
Mycroft                     "So, John," I look over the map on the table. "We should be able to get to the shore under cover of darkness. Between us, we should be able to get around the majority of the guard stations. Greg will be in communication with each of us from the ship - in his condition, he won't be of much help on the ground."
Greg                      "I don't know. You now know as much as I know." I shrugged and guessed Anthea could get any sort of information at her fingertips.
Oliver                         I pulled the pictures toward me with my shaking hand "I... I just... I'm not... and then they just showed up and guy with blood..." I was cut off by the Detective’s voice.
Greg                            I simply rubbed her back as she sobbed into me and I held mine back where I was a more private person with emotions. I knew Mycroft would be noted of this soon with his driver still up the road, stuck there by police and I then heard the paramedics call the time of death on Mrs. Price. It was heart shattering.
Mycroft                       "Let me explain..." I unconsciously moved one foot forward, to prevent him slamming the door on me.
Greg                            I smiled faintly at john but mainly focused on getting us all caffeinated, putting three mugs on the side while the coffee machine was whirring away. I thought John looked more than exhausted but I was feeling almost dead on my feet.
Sherlock                     "Since Mycroft is the cause of this, Mycroft can take us to the hospital." I snap, rounding on my brother again and making sure I block the exits.
Rosie                          "It's kinda like we can share feelings. They usually all feel kinda the same things as the others do. When they get in a group they can kinda tell me why they're feeling some way." I shrug cause it's not as cool as teleporting or being strong or anything like that.
Sherlock                     My feet stumble just slightly as I enter, quickly shutting the door and glancing around suspiciously. There's the strong scent of smoke around me and my fingers bear nicotine stains. It seems like the words take an extra few precious minutes to sink into my brain, my head coming up and staring at the man, "How did you know...wait, I know you." My eyes narrow suspiciously now. "Molly's friend from the morgue. The one who tried to call security on me."
Greg                            "Well. Just give Mycroft 5 minutes to get dressed, okay?" I look back over my shoulder where he's sitting up with the quilt over himself and it's like he has the energy of Sherlock. I rub the back of my neck, not knowing why I was suddenly embarrassed to be stood in front of John like this.
Sherlock                   My gaze sweeps over the sea and the wind plays with my hair as I stand the balcony overlooking the cliffs and ocean. It's a pleasure to breath in the air after being confined inside for those couple of days but my skin still itches. I had woken up from my dream half naked, my clothes stripped off my body in my sleep and the evidence of my very erotic dream drying on my thighs. It wasn't until I had showered that I noticed the large bite on my inner thigh. John was coming. That thought was enough to make me stand and watch the ocean for hours now, even though I logically knew it would take him and Mycroft a day or so to raise a taskforce to storm the island
John                            “Sherlock.” I sigh out even more relieved than before. I let him close his arms around me as I sigh into his shoulder.
John                            I turn back in the door way. “No... The bed’s just cold without him is all. Just... bring him back safe.” I head back into the guest room to try and get some rest.
Rosie                           Setting my phone down I get started getting the rest of my stuff packed. "Bout Papa Lock? And the plan?"
Greg                             "Oh no… No, no, no... No chance, that's too dangerous." I get up and shake my head, waving my hands in the same way and I know what they were trying to do but there were others we could use. Sherlock getting involved with Moriarty when Jim has an obsession is way too dangerous to risk.
Mycroft                       "The dishes can wait." I smile as I pull him toward the media room. I motion to the DVD shelves, containing an assortment of movies, mostly older ones. "Your choice." I say, settling myself on the sofa as he looks over the choices.
Sherlock                   No soon has he said that, but our lips are together, passionate and needy as my arms tighten around him.
Mycroft                       "We both know that wasn't the real reason you shouted at me." I reply. "You thought my actions were from a lack of trust... that I don't trust you. Nothing could be further from the truth." I look at him fondly.
Moriarty                   "YeP." I wave to the guards by CuteLocks door. "Here you be. T. T. F. N.'
Mycroft                     "Damn. Well, hopefully you went unnoticed. Odds of that are good, as the attempt of Greg was made last night."
John                            Nodding, I take the glass of water and Paracetamol. “Thank you, Love.” I say to Sherlock has he curls up on the couch next to me. “Where did Greg go?”
Greg                            "There's a small note along with the photos. No clue as to who sent it." I said as I looked on the envelope and photos, unfolding the note to read it to him.
Simon Campbell      "No, definitely not. She was going to try to go back to work part-time next week, in fact. I know she's been taking Rowan out and visiting with a few of her friends who have babies Rowan's age, too, so it's not like she's been cooped up in the flat for months." I gave the DI a list of a few of Penny's friends, with phone numbers where I had them. Mr. Holmes came back over and carefully handed Rowan back over to me. He was quieter than he had been in hours... nearly asleep, in fact.
Sally                            "Oh, I’m so sorry Rosie. How old are you?" I leant her over to sit on a chair and pulled one over for myself, still assuming that Sherlock was standing with us but just looking around the yard.
Greg                             "Do you wanna know what I saw? I even heard your voice at the time." I smiled as I turned my head to look at him and shuffled closer, so I could curl against him in a small cuddle.
Sherlock                     My eyes widen under the hood, hands coming out of my pockets and straight away sprinting off into a dead run without waiting, heading towards the main road
Moriarty               My thigh muscles were starting to go out on me from how vigorously I was riding Seb. I could feel the bruises forming from where his fingers dug into my hips. I slowed down to an imperceptible rocking motion and grinned at the almost pained look on his face. "Time to move my pet. You're going to fuck me now." I take my hands off his arms so he can hold me up while he thrusts up into me.
Greg                            "He won't be dead, John. I promise you. We can see what we can get out of Seb and Eurus and get Mycroft up and running again. Okay, trust me." I heard his voice crack, it breaking my heart but it was all we could do for now.
Mycroft                       "John, we need to talk to you and Sherlock about the postcard... do you have it?"
John                            My face falls in slight panic. So, I stand up between them and look at Rosie. “Why did you leave New York? We were coming to get you. You could’ve been hurt or lost.”
Mycroft                     I continue to lick at his tight ring of muscle, his whimpers just encouraging me to do more. I nudge into him with the tip of my tongue.
Sherlock               I take the file, mindful of John's injuries still, hesitating, "Do you wish to read this alone John?"
Greg                             The breath is taken from me when he kisses me more forcefully, my eyes watching him now hungrily as he pushed me back in my chair. "Good. I thought I'd been too forward., too much." I said lightly and with my heart pounding in my chest.
Mycroft                       "Fine..." I slowly relax my arms, reluctantly allowing him the access he wants. This ability of his was something we'd stumbled upon accidentally, while I was in the psychiatric facility 10 years ago. He had long been able to block me -- to keep me from reading him without his consent, unlike most people -- but the ability to clear aware the emotional debris that I accumulated in reading others was a new facet. Something I hate taking advantage of, because I know it takes a heavy toll on him.
Greg                            I'd seen what had been in the box with 'KIA' on the bear, killed in action being something that even hit me hard. I'd not even heard anybody come up the stairs and I spun around when I heard Mycroft clear his throat. The sight of him made my throat close tightly.
Mycroft                       "Most of what you said was nonsense. You were convinced John was trying to give you alcohol and batteries when he offered you water and paracetamol tablets, for example," I say with a grin. "Once you were here at the hospital, you mostly slept."
Greg                            "I wanted to talk to you about working together. I think things would be going a little smoother if we were getting on. A little more, I understand the whole contact thing, but you just seem a bit cold." I said cautiously and hoped I'd worded it right.
Mycroft                     "Calm yourself. I don't know any more than what I've told you. We have to wait until we hear from them." I pat the pillow, indicating she should rest there. "It has been a long couple of days, but I'm hopeful that we will get things resolved soon."
I thought you'd be happy with your prezzie. Do you not like being the first to know? a case to solve...
Mycroft                     "I haven't seen him yet. Rosie wanted to see you first." I smile at her as she wraps her arms around John's neck possessively.
Sherlock                     After what seems like forever, I swan out of the bedroom, dressed once more in my 'druggy' outfit of oversized hoodie and loose jogging bottoms. My hair is in greasy disarray my eyes are a little glazed
Sharon Price             "Thank you so much." I seem unbothered by how fast he pulls back, my shifting eyes smiling now, "Thank you for being so brave and trying to save mum."
Greg                            "But when you love someone. You'd do anything to make them happy. Anything for them, including being the getaway driver it seems." I whispered and knew what he was thinking by the shake of his head, but I just ignored it.
Mycroft                       I opened my eyes. "7:30? Damn... I'm late, then." I looked around for a moment, with the realization I was at Greg's flat, not in my own bed. "What did I do with my phone last night?" I wondered aloud.
Mycroft                       "We did speak, Sherlock... can we discuss this later?" I glare at him. Now was not the time or place for this discussion.
Mycroft                     I close my eyes and start sifting through his recent memories. The first ones I encounter are... A bit personal. I can only imagine how flushed my cheeks are.
Greg                            "I'm not sure. I'm guessing Seb is just gonna head straight back to Moriarty to tell him about what we've done. We might need to be on an even higher security alert for the next few days while we sort Eurus out and come up with a better plan." I sighed.
Mrs. Lipton             "You can say that, yes... It's not exactly an illness. He experiments on her. We are identical twins still I am meta and she is normal. He wants to know how the abilities form in metas. We are not the only twins here. There are Tommy and Justin, the dear hearts are only three years old." Poor little tykes.
Dave the Druggist       My gun fires off twice, pinging off the nearby shelves. I regret leaving my phone on my desk now as I went to fulfill the order. Ducking around the corner, I yell, "You fucking druggies. You don't know who you're messing with, coming in here to try and score your next hit. You better get out of here."
Greg                            "I can imagine.  I’ve only been there once but coming back to London was so much better." I chuckled and was slightly confused to who that could be, my hands going into my pockets when Sherlock said he'll get it.
Moran                        My breath catches, hoping Watson is too busy dealing with the wounded copper to notice I'm still alive... though not for much longer. I can feel my fingers going numb, the phone dropped to the floor by my head, mumbling, "Hey love...call them off. Too late."
Mycroft                     "I found it gets easier over time... Repeated exposure to the same person is less overwhelming." After a few moments, my heart slowed back down to a normal pace. I look at him and see that he still looks fairly worried.
John                            “We need to find Sherlock. When was the last time any of us have heard from him?”
Mycroft                     "Everyone falls off the wagon once in a while... cigarettes are a minor sin." I smile at him, taking a long drag then gently returning the cigarette to his lips. "Sherlock has been warned of Eurus. His immediate concern was your safety. If she is somehow involved with Moriarty, his concern is not misplaced."
Turning back to Lestrade, my eyes sweep over him, my shoulders slumping just a little, "I am lucky. I am even more lucky to still have John."
Mycroft                       I am more curious than ever about his nightmare, but I don't pry. "I wouldn't recommend that. However, if you insist, you might consider getting undressed, first." We were both soaked to the skin, and neither of us moved to do anything about it, just sitting together under the hot water.
Seb                        "You hold the whiskey and glasses then." I hand them to him and loved the laugh he gave me when I picked him up bridal style. I carried him to his bed, setting him on it gently and as we drank, I explained how Mary found the body and I even shot John who didn't put up much of a fight.
Jamie                           I walk back in to the morgue to wait for Molly to return with coffee. "Oh. Hello there! You startled me." I reach my hand out but quickly retreat it when I see the look of pure rage on the guys face. "Umm... Who are you? Does Molly know you're here? This is a restricted area."
Greg                             I felt like my body had been drained completely but I pulled out of him slowly, using my shirt to clean us up and when he pulled me up, I felt wobbly. I was only knowledgeable in certain metas so didn't have much idea about what had happened between us when I came yet just held onto him as we shuffled upstairs to his bedroom.
Mycroft                     A flash of anger crosses my face, and I quickly quell it. I put a firm hand on Greg's shoulder, and pull him away. "Greg, would you be so kind as to go get me a cup of coffee?" I smile at Moran.
Mycroft                     "The experience is a bit draining, I admit, but I appear to have recovered. Why do you ask?"
Greg                             I slipped my coat off with how warm I felt, smiling weakly at John and it then fell when I saw Mycroft having tea with the blogger. I glared at the ground listening to Sherlock and then moved to sit on the arm of the sofa.
Seb                        We'd been given a case that led us to Tel Aviv, it thankfully going smoothly while Mary and I were scouting the building while John was keeping an eye on the boundary. We'd been given the intelligence that the building was clear but we still had our hands near our weapons anyway.
Mycroft                     I walk over to the package on the living room floor and carefully open it, revealing two stuffed teddy bears. One, dressed in doctor's garb, with a stethoscope around its neck and a very real scalpel attached to one paw. The other, a similar bear dressed in an RAMC dress uniform. Tucked inside the uniform waistband is a small pistol - a Glock 43, 9mm. "John and Mary were both shot by a 9mm pistol... I would wager that this gun - or one like it - was the weapon used." I mumble, after reading the note. "This is a message from Moriarty, meant to hurt my brother."
Mycroft                     "Moriarty has been there." I sigh. "I took him there once... a grave mistake, it seems."
Greg                             "It’s hardly being brave, I’m a police officer so it’s just in my instincts." I say modestly with another smile, feeling my chest tighten again as they got her mother into the ambulance to take her to the hospital where she could then have a confirmed reason for death.
more private..." I look at the blinds covering the glass walls. "Can you get away for a few hours?" I lean over him, running my lips over his neck.
Rosie                          "How can you be both? Aren't ya kinda small for a Soldier? Do all soldiers write about their adventures and stuff?" I start to finally settle down and take a better look around the room.
Rosie                          I come back down the stairs wearing the same clothes as yesterday, but I brushed my hair, so the curls look kinda pretty again.
Mycroft                       I just sit quietly, my gloved hands steepled under my chin, as Greg looks over the arrest report.
John                            Nodding. I wait for him to touch my hand. He does and my whole arm goes numb and my fingers tingle. I take a few relaxing breaths.
Mycroft                     My hand slides down his side and grabs his arse, pulling him against me as my teeth graze over his neck. "I suggest we stay as quiet as possible... wouldn't want to attract attention..." I purr in his ear.
Greg                             I search his face for a minute or so before I leant down to kiss his neck, all the while I pulled out to thrust in again. I was just going to take it slow since I had a feeling he'd never done this before and I didn't want him to burn out so quickly if he was getting my memories through. My breaths were coming out as hisses as I was repeating the motion of pulling out to then thrust in again, feeling his ankles dig into my back and then his hands searching more of me.
John                            “Get off me!” I rush down the stairs but by the time I reach the second landing, I realize that I can’t go outside. Bringing my fist back, I punch hard into the wall, leaving a big hole there. “Damn it!” I rage whirling back up the stairs. “Sorry, Greg. Sorry.” I say helping him up.
Sherlock                     I reach over my brother's arm to grab a flannel from the counter, running it under cold water and then tossing it over my shoulder, confident in John's ability to catch it… all while keeping Mycroft trapped and glaring intently at him, "How did you manage to mess it up Mycroft? I spent valuable time and effort assisting you."
John                            Giggling into his embrace, I squeeze him tightly. “I’m sure we’ll be fine. How hard can it be?”
Sherlock                     At Rosie's words, my face pales a little, swallowing and then bending, "Maybe you could go to your room and play for a while? The juice is safe. I've learnt to always mark things after your father moaned too much about the eyeballs in the milk." My gaze though keeps drifting towards the living room, my teeth worrying my lower lip
Mycroft                     I stare at the monitor as Greg looks up into the camera, almost as though he can see me. I close my eyes and concentrate on him, the warmth of his skin, the smell of his cologne, the tenderness in his eyes... Dear god, I hope this works. I can't lose him... I can't lose them all.
Greg                            I felt his thighs tensing where one hand was still stroking the fine hair there, my mouth going from his cock to take a ball into my mouth and the profanities/moans mixed together that came was enough to make anybody come. When I knew he was almost there, I took him completely in my mouth while both of my hands fondled his balls.
Greg                             I sighed and sat up to feel myself still shaking, my body feeling like I needed to get the stink of him off so I couldn't even answer Mycroft’s question before I went into the bathroom. I turned his luxury shower on to the highest setting and didn't even bother stripping, just got under the splashes of water and eventually sat down underneath it.
Sherlock                   I'm silent for a few beats, then nod, "Add some to tonight's meal and tomorrow's breakfast. Target only the guards, not Moriarty himself." I grin at her, "Maybe some of the guards will oversleep and be drowsy tomorrow."
“For God’s sake, would you stop fussing about?” Sherlock asked him, on an unusually sunny Saturday afternoon.  “You’d think the Christmas holidays would let you relax just a little.”
Their lips brushed once over each other, unsure, then after a moment’s hesitation, pressed lightly together. Sherlock’s other hand came up to cradle John’s skull, threading through the fine strands of greying hair at his nape, and a second later he felt the small weight of John’s palm sliding across his shoulder and coming to rest at the centre of his back.
Sherlock nestled back into John’s chest, and John reached down and drew the blankets up over them. Sherlock sighed contentedly, John’s arms holding him close, his breath warm and comforting against Sherlock’s cheek. They drifted off to sleep, feeling whole and peaceful, the city lights shining radiantly up through the darkness outside the window.
Slowly, the backstage space emptied out as children went on stage and joined their parents in the audience afterward. The younger kids went on to stumble their way through a few carols. Groups of terrified-looking boys and girls went out clutching little bells and woodblocks to play along. Sherlock barely wrapped his thoughts around any of the performances before they were ushered offstage, and in absolutely no time at all the class doing the nativity play was carrying off the manger, and it was time for them to go on.
Sherlock felt like he was standing on a tightrope high above the ground. Any move in any direction could send him plummeting.
Sherlock hummed in approval, lips twitching upward. “Feeling up to breakfast? I bought fresh bread from that bakery on Marylebone.”
Sherlock huffed out what he hoped sounded like an amused breath, but his heart had slowed to a crawl. Very slowly, he stooped to pick his trousers up off the floor.
oh, love –” John choked out. His mind was flooded with sensation, his ability to form coherent sentences diminishing by the second.
As the haze of his arousal ebbed away, and Sherlock’s mouth came to kiss tenderly at the nape of his neck, John started to feel the remaining tension in Sherlock’s hands, in his torso pressed up against his back. John sighed, contentedly, tried to push back against him, but only managed to twitch his hips the slightest bit.
And then they were kissing, fully and properly. John’s tongue pushed greedily past Sherlock’s lips as Sherlock’s hands bracketed John’s face, exhaling a long low sigh as he opened his mouth to invite John in. John’s hands had come up to seize Sherlock by the shoulders, pushing himself into his embrace, and all at once the world seemed to slip out from under him because this was unlike anything he’d ever felt, Sherlock’s hands, his lips, his
When he made it back to the waiting area, Sherlock was surprised to see that Mycroft’s familiar figure had appeared and was sitting next to Mrs. Hudson. The four of them were leaned in close and talking in hushed tones, but pulled back swiftly as soon as they saw Sherlock, rearranging their features into unconvincing smiles.
give us a break, apparently”, but they only seemed to buoy up his good mood, and he deliberately passed by her on his way back and gave her a cheeky smile, which made her shut up quite quickly.
But no, no – Sherlock couldn’t let him leave with even the slightest possibility that he might believe that, or deserve that. He had to say
Sherlock didn’t travel for cases. London was where he thrived, where he was comfortable, all its eclectic energy and familiarity combining beautifully into the only place he’d ever called home. Mycroft knew this, and years of fruitless entreaties for Sherlock to go out and do legwork in other parts of the world should have prevented him from pressing the issue on this occasion. But then came a series of murders of members of a powerful family known to be associated with the Russian Mafia – murders so clean and efficient, leaving so little evidence that Mycroft’s usual pawns were found to be instantly out of their depths. So he had, very grudgingly, called in possibly the only man he knew capable of such a job, and certainly the only one he trusted – his little brother.
John let out a laugh that was more like a gasp, and brought his hand up to Sherlock’s face, swept a thumb along his cheek.
“Mr. Holmes,” said Dr. Moore, in his usual, curiously inscrutable voice. “And Mr. Watson. Good to see you again.”
of you, Sherlock. All the time.” He tightened his grip around Sherlock’s waist, holding him firm. “Alright?”
John sighed, and began circulating the food again, lost in his own thoughts. He should have been able to charm that girl in his sleep, but instead he’d been so amateur it made him want to cringe. What was
“Husband,” Sherlock echoed, barely a murmur. “My husband.” His hands were nearly trembling where they cradled John’s face. “Oh,
Sherlock pushed open a door to where a few parents and kids were milling about, and suddenly heard someone shout his name.
In an instant Sherlock had unbuckled his belt and stepped out of his trousers, and John hurried to copy him. Now it was just them, bare skin but for their pants, every point of contact branding itself into John’s flesh. He would see it there later, John was sure, see all the places Sherlock had touched him as a physical memory, carried with him, always.
“Got it,” Sherlock replied, holding the radio close to his lips so his words wouldn’t be carried off by the breeze.
been weeks since he’d seen him? He sighed, hesitated until the last possible second, then hit the talk button.
There was no mistaking it – there was no one behind Sherlock, or close enough beside him, John was pointing at
The moment stretched on into an age. Sherlock allowed it to, their eyes locked. The unsaid words were louder than anything he could have ever spoken aloud.
fine, but there was an edge of determination in his voice that John couldn’t argue with. Almost as if by saying it, Sherlock could make it true.
