"Cas, wake up." Dean nudged his shoulder and only received a light snore in return. He scooted down the bed a little and wrapped his arm around Cas' mid-section, making him the little spoon.
Silence descends onto the room so thickly one could hear a pin drop. It stayed for a beat, two beats, and then- "What? You didn't do that?" Dean questions.
“Blankets,” he grumbles.
"Off!" He exclaims, and Castiel laughs and begins unlacing Dean's boots. He takes off his socks too and throws them at the hamper in the corner. He sets the boots on the floor by the nightstand and sits back down on the bed in front of Dean, who's sitting with his legs crossed up under him now, still hiding behind the pillow.
"Thank you, Sir." Dean bites his lip and stares at the black eyemask covering his eyes. Fuck, this is intense. He has no idea what Cas is going to do next. Cas wraps his hand around Dean's cock and gives him a few good strokes.
"Brother, are you seeing what I am?" Dean followed his gaze and locked on the target that had Benny so interested. Hmm. A man with ink-black hair that looked fucked six ways to Sunday, and in the most conservative outfit Dean thought he might've ever seen, and he'd been born in the 1910's. Dean couldn't see the dude's face from his vantage point leaning against the wall opposite the bar, but he'd bet his Baby that the dude was smokin'. Even if he did look like a friggin' tax accountant or some shit with his little grey sweater vest thing and khaki pants. Who the hell wore khakis in Louisianna anyway? "I'm seeing it alright, but I'm not getting it. What?" Benny just smirked and pointed. Dean turned his attention back to the guy at the bar. He had collapsed into one of the only empty stools their and ordered a water of all things. Seriously? On Mardi Gras? Dean couldn't hear his voice over the loud music and the cacophony of the hundreds of people partying outside, but he'd bet it was high and reedy if his appearance said anything.
Cain's voice is releasing tension in him that he didn't know he had. Having his teacher tell him it's alright makes him feel so much better about it.
"You're a little close, dude."
Cas growls and nearly leaps across the bed, and suddenly he's right there in Dean's face, eyes glinting dangerously. "Challenge accepted."
He and Cas are surrounded by kids with runny noses and worried mothers that are more exhausted than he is. The waiting room is bland but nice. Potted plants sit on the nurses' station counter, and the end tables by the chairs. The walls are pale green with white borders. It almost feels sterile, and it makes Dean itchy. He scratches absently at a phantom itch on his elbow and looks over at Cas. His eyes are glazed, and Dean's pretty sure that he's only pretending to read the Home and Garden magazine in his hand. The bruises on his nose and the bandaid covering the split across the bridge of it make Dean wince. The purple blotches look painful as hell, and it's earned them some weird looks. The bruise extends past his nose and goes up under his right eye, making him look like he just went a couple of rounds with Muhammed Ali.
"Cas. Cas, wake up, sweetheart. Come on." Castel pulled himself from the hazy depths of sleep only to find himself laying across the front seat, curled up on his left side with his head on Dean's lap and Dean's hand stroking through his hair. He didn't want to wake up. He was so comfortable and warm. The smooth rumble of the Impala's engine was soothing and spelled safety for Castiel. He liked it like this. A warm leather smell encased his senses, and underneath that, he could smell Dean.
Their breath intermingles and Dean wonders how he lived without him so long. "I'm... I'm really glad we're okay."
He could cause trouble at Stanford and get him kicked out. That absolutely cannot happen.
Dean sighs heavily and walks across his living room to settle on the couch, and he props his feet up on the battered coffee table.
Cas's arm pulls away from his stomach, and Dean misses the security immediately. When his arm comes back, he's holding his phone, and he's unlocking it. "This is what I wanted to show you earlier."
He laughs again, "You wouldn't know. Most of you is on me. I think I'd rather my bed."
Dean complies immediately. Castiel reaches behind himself and grabs his sweatpants, delving into the hip pocket to get the nipple clamps he put in there earlier on the off chance of them doing something. These are different from the ones they used in their scene in the playroom. Those were metal, these are black rubber, and they tighten, much to Castiel's advantage. He brings them out and doesn't bother to keep them from jingling. He watches Dean's reaction closely. He inhales sharply, and his stomach tenses, his erection twitches.
Dean blushes a bit and wonders how the hell he got himself into this situation.
Dean gently untucks his head and looks up at Castiel, his green eyes wide with uncertainty. And a bloody lip. Castiel's brow furrows, and he brings his thumb up to gently wipe at the blood.
"I haven't touched you and you're already panting for me. Are you ready to play, kitten?"
With that, Castiel leaves the man to his work. He winds his way past air compressors and tables filled with oilcloths and wrenches of all sizes, and cars up on lifts. The door is just a beat-up wooden one and he turns the brass knob to be lead into a dingy hallway that inexplicably smells like erasers. The walls are thin wooden slats and he traces his hand along them until he reaches another door of the same design as the previous one. He opens it and it leads into a wide white garage filled with fluorescent lights dangling in rows. There's rock music that Castiel vaguely recognizes as Metallica playing on a radio nearby, echoing off the empty walls. There are wide columns spaced intermittently throughout the room, and he can't see Dean from here. He begins walking across the tile, and he sees a vehicle emerge. He expected more, but there are only two cars in the room. It's oddly clean in the space, and not as cramped as he thought it would be. It almost looks like an empty gallery of some kind.
He feels a glass push against his lips, which he grabs with a huff because he's not a baby. It's orange juice, and it's surprisingly good. He drains the glass and hands it back to Cas, who murmurs, "Good boy," in his ear. The words send goosebumps down Dean's spine. Then Cas is urging him to eat a granola bar, which he does. It's one of the awesome ones that are stuffed with chocolate chips, and he likes it a lot.
Relief makes the knot of tension in his chest unclench, and he breathes a shaky sigh of relief. He can't even say thank you, and he's not courageous enough to ask why when he already knows the answer, even if he wants to hear it. Then Cas does something that takes him by surprise.
Cas turns around with an arched brow. "Was there anything you didn't enjoy or wish had been different?"
"Something funny, Chuckles?"
Dean keeps his eyes closed and bites his lip again, squeezing his legs so hard to the point that he's sure his fingertips are white. Cas's fingers start thrusting in and out of him faster and harder and he whimpers but resists the urge to rock down on them. His cock is aching and leaking heavily onto his stomach and holy hell he needs to be fucked. He whines loudly as the fingers start brushing insistently over his prostate in rhythmic motions, then there's a hand wrapping itself loosely around his cock and he yells, "Sir, please!"
"Well... I may have burned it down."
That makes Cas pull away. He laughs deeply, his head thrown back and his eyes closed. Dean watches him, fascinated. He's never loved to watch someone laugh so much, but with Cas, his laugh is like a balm for Dean's soul.
"I'm sorry. Is teasing like that not okay? You've been okay with it before, or I thought you were."
Cas's hands come to cup his elbows, and Dean stands, his legs a little shaking from his kneeling.
"Does it matter?" Dean grapples at his belt and Castiel lets him, looking down at him with a smirk. "I suppose not."
"Why would he point me out to you?"
"No, no, no. I mean, uh... Like, for uh, antidepressants or something." He whispers, looking down at his hands in his lap. He picks at the skin around his thumb, nervously trying to scrub away the rough edge. A finger touches his chin and draws his face up until he's angled up to Cas's face, but Dean looks off to the side. He doesn't want to see judgment now in those blue eyes that are always so kind to him.
"Yes, I can. Naomi felt it necessary so I would be a larger asset to the church." Dean muffled a curse. "You have shitty parents, Cas. Seriously."
They make him feel cute. He pulls the bottle of lube out of the drawer on the nightstand and throws it on the bed. Since they were sleeping on the bed sideways, Cas's feet are dangling off.
"Okay."
With consent given, Cas leans back in and nips at Dean's bottom lip. Once, twice, then his tongue is sliding along Dean's lips. He opens them and lets Cas in, reveling in the man's skilled tongue. He could only imagine how that tongue would feel on his cock. Cas bends back a little, their mouths separating, but his hands slide over Dean's chest. "Are you alright with following orders?"
The last words come out in a rush, and Dean looks away from Cas. He should've asked if Cas liked yesterday before saying that. Maybe Cas has been asking that because he didn't enjoy it. That would be a real kick in the balls, considering yesterday was one of the best days of Dean's life. Maybe he messed up too many times with the title or something. He knows Cas was wonderfully considerate yesterday as Dean was coming down, but maybe, he didn't enjoy the scene. Aftercare like that could just be a mark of Cas being a good Dom. A soft hand on his cheek brings him back to reality.
It's not
"Dean, calm down. It's alright. I'm not upset, just curious. It's okay." Cas says the words with a calm conviction, and the knot of anxiety in his chest releases a little. "Fuck. I'm sorry for all this, Cas. It's ridiculous.
Dean grips the Impala's steering wheel with a white-knuckled hold and tries to sort himself out. He's scared. And worried. And nervous and confused and excited and sort of happy in a weird way. He's just a big ball of emotions right now and he feels something like Carrie. He's afraid if he stares too long at something it's going to set itself on fire. He's sitting outside the house that Cas bought him. And Cas is
"Dean, what are you doing?"
"Alright," He whispers, and Cas breaks into a big smile. "Good. I'm proud of you. Come on, let's get you out of these jeans and into something comfortable."
"You know what we need now?" Cas asks, letting go of Dean to stretch, his entire body a long, lean line of tanned skin and silken muscle that Dean wants to nibble at.
"It's just me, Dean. May I come in, please?" There's a long pause. Then a silence. Is Dean going to let him in? The door opens kind of quickly and surprises him. Dean's standing there in jeans and a t-shirt, and he looks tired. Dean gives him a small smile and asks,
"I don't know what I did wrong. I guess Dad was just mad. But he had his belt off, and he went to hit me with it. I-I didn't even know Sam had-had followed me. I didn't hear him. He jumped in front of me, and the first hit landed on him. I screamed at Dad to stop. I pushed Sam out of the way and yelled at him to go to his room. Little brat didn't listen, as usual. But then Dad was hitting me, so it didn't matter. I don't know how long it lasted... It felt like forever. I kept asking him to stop, begging, but he didn't listen. My arms were... there was blood... But anyway, when it finally stopped, he just passed out on the couch, and I was crying. I remember that. I was trying not to 'cause Sammy was there, but I couldn't help it. It hurt bad.
Cas surges forward, and their lips clash. It's hot and wet and freaking amazing. Dean can't get over the difference between kissing Cas and kissing a woman. Cas's stubble is scraping his cheeks, and it just adds to the sensations surging through him. Cas's tongue licks across Dean's lips, so he opens them in an invitation, and Cas automatically takes him up on it, tongue thrusting into Dean's waiting mouth. Their tongues entwine, and lust surges through Dean. He gasps. He feels Cas's smile against his lips as he backs away with just a slight peck to end the kiss. Which was fucking amazing for the first kiss between strangers. Cas's blue eyes are shining with amusement, and his pink lips are a little kiss swollen quirked up in a small smile.
"Anytime, old friend. Tell me - you're going to bring Dean by sometime to meet the gang, aren't you?"
grocery shopping? Dean thinks about it as he chews, trying to remember. He honestly has no idea. He has been running himself ragged between the garage where he works as a mechanic and the gas station where he's an attendant. Add the fact that he's barely sleeping to that and what you get it a good case of C.R.S.S. Can't Remember Shit Syndrome. He's considering trying to find another job just so he can keep them afloat. There's a bar down the street looking for a bartender and granted, Dean's never made drinks, he's certainly had enough experience sitting on the other side of the counter to know what he's doing. He's been an absolute mess for the last few weeks. Hell, the last few months. Sammy has been staying with Bobby for three weeks now, which makes Dean feel awful. He has
"Um. I don't know. I have never given much thought to it."
Castiel pinches the bridge of his nose between his forefinger and his thumb, closing his eyes. "I think I've made a mistake. Several actually."
"You said you normally don't drink people."
Maybe Castiel wouldn't be alone after all? Did Dean want to be with Castiel? What if he did? Did Castiel want to be with Dean? That was an interesting question. He supposed the answer to that would be 'yes'. He definitely didn't want to be alone and Dean seemed to be good company. Maybe he could help him leave. Besides, it wasn't like he was signing over his life if he didn't go home. Even if he stayed with Dean it wasn't a lifetime commitment. The fact that Dean wasn't human barely factored in at all, Castiel just accepted it in stride. Dean was just Dean, human or not. Stranger or not, even. It didn't really matter. He wondered if Dean would want Castiel to stay with him. Castiel thought he would like to stay with Dean. "Thinking deep thoughts, Cas?"
Dean lays back, placing his head on Castiel's thigh like he was before. "Scoot up a little, and turn on your side." Dean complies, and then his mouth is panting hot breath onto Castiel's cock, and he has a feeling he's going to get hard just from being in Dean's mouth.
"You may well regret that you said that, naughty boy.
"What do you mean?"
Cas kisses a trail up his chest and onto his throat.
"You are good for me. If you're ready, lay back down."
"Stay right here, honey. I'm going to turn the lights off, okay?"
“For now, I think.”
"Wait until I edge you for hours and have you begging for relief. Then we'll talk about bossy ass teases," Castiel quips, smirking over his shoulder when Dean's mouth drops open. Castiel just chuckles and starts preparing to serve their food.
"Yes, Sir," He breathes. "I like the circus."
He sits down in the chair across from Cain and tries not to feel nervous. He hasn't heard from Dean. He left a note at the house, but he's not sure Dean will see it. Cain clears his throat and picks the papers up, round glasses perched on the bridge of his nose. He scowls deeply as he reads through the paper.
he thinks.
"Look at how spread out you are for me. How open and wide. Oh, how glad I am that I get to play with you."
"Would you rather us use donated blood or get it straight from the source?"
"Yes."
Vague, but Dean knows anyway. And Cas rubbing small circles around his prostate was rather obvious.
B: Fix it. You know what you're doing is stupid. Don't do that to that boy. He deserves better than that.
Dean chews his sausage thoughtfully, mulling over the information Cas just gave him. He swallows before he speaks since Cas admonished him for it a minute ago.
I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this chapter, so please feel free to leave a comment. I adore the feedback.
He's sexy as hell when he's awake. The intense eyes and the raised eyebrow coupled with that little smirk. It makes Cas hot as fuck. But right now, while he's sleeping, Cas is beautiful. Dean finally understands what he means by that. If Dean was the poetic type, he'd compare Castiel to a Renaissance painting. His dark lashes lay against his cheeks, and his face is relaxed and calm. He looks very at peace.
"Dean, unless you would very much like to get jumped, I suggest being quiet and eating your food, or it's going to be cold when you get back to it," Castiel says with a hint of dark warning in his voice.
"I love you, too."
Again. -
"Sammy used to call those Eskimo kisses," Dean murmurs without opening his eyes, his breath puffing onto Castiel's face. It smells like chocolate.
"No. Bees are very hard workers, but even so, a worker will generally only produce 1/12 of a teaspoon of honey in her lifetime. Two million flowers must be visited to produce one pound of honey."
Cas luckily saw the humor in it and smiles as he fires back, "Are you judging me, Mr. Dean-panty-wearing-Winchester?"
"The bedroom will be fine." Dean nods and sets off to do that. He loves the way this house is set up, seriously. Dean shakes his head at himself and puts his duffle bag on the floor next to Cas's bed. Dean takes a deep breath, then turns and walks back to the kitchen. Dean can hear Cas moving around in there. As he enters, he finds Cas at the counter, pouring some juice. He looks up with a small smile, offering Dean the glass of apple juice.
"I supposed I could help you a bit further. I could assign a security detail for you and Dean. Keep you both safe."
The man grins and the warm chuckle slides through Castiel's bones as the man begins to laugh heartily, making his heart palpitate. That was an unexpected reaction. The man, whose name he still hasn't caught, sidles in between Castiel and the next bar stool until he's leaning his left side against the counter, blocking he and Castiel into a small intimate box of warmth that was rapidly becoming too hot. And what was that smell? Could it be him? If so, he smelled amazing. Like leather, and wind, and brandy. It was intoxicating and Castiel had leaned closer before even realizing it. The green-eyed man's breath was warm, puffing over his neck and into his ear, making Castiel shiver delightedly. "It's funny you ask. I've been looking for a... companion. Come with me." It wasn't exactly a request, but it definitely wasn't a demand. Castiel clearly heard a note of hope in the man's voice, and he understood what he was most likely propositioning. Could Castiel do that?
"It's not how I remember it." He murmured, surveying the house. The house from his childhood was gone, and it had been replaced with a happy home. When he and Naomi had lived here it had been painted a dull grey and the shrubs under the windows had been trimmed into perfect squares. Now the shrubs were wild and round if a little brown from the cold. There were flower boxes installed under the windows, empty right now, but when the warm weather came Castiel was sure they'd be full of bright flowers. The front porch steps had been painted a light purple of all colors, and the house was now a pleasant shade of blue. Decorative shutters had been added, and the house looked like a home now. When he and Naomi had lived here the house had been dull and bare and utilitarian despite having a toddler living there. He and Dean were standing on the walkway observing the house.
Cas lays a grip on Dean's hips that's iron, and he stills his motions with a whine.
Dean doesn't even have to think. If he leaves tomorrow without having fucked Cas, he'll never forgive himself. Dean pulls away from Cas and sits back on his thighs, the panties bunched up in weird ways under his legs.
Dean pulls himself out of Cas's grip and gets the keys from his pocket. He tosses them towards the woman and she manages to catch them before they fall into the gap of her overworked bra. She lets out another enraged shriek before throwing herself into the car and immediately screeching the tires and vaulting herself out into the sunshine through a large plastic curtain that separates the building from the outside world. Dean just looks at the plastic strips flapping in the wind between the space she left as she drove through, a small smile on his face.
They hammer out all the details and soon it's time to split ways. Outside the diner, Dean hugs Cas with the promise that he'll help with the dinner. And then he's climbing in his car and driving away. His tires kick up dust in the parking lot and Dean watches until Cas is turning the corner out of sight. He goes to get into the Impala but finds Sam staring at him from over the top.
"I would like that." He rumbles, and damn, Cas's voice makes Dean's cock twitch in his pants. The implications of that statement have Dean's brain flying off to every porn scenario his mind has ever played for him. He wonders what Cas is into sex-wise. Is he kinky? Dean's going to go with his gut and say hell yeah he is. If he likes exhibitionism, he could be into all kinds of other things, Dean's mind reasons. The thought is exciting, and he presses a palm down into his growing erection, trying to stifle his reaction. It's doesn't work very well. Cas must notice him wriggling in his seat a little because his smile grows, showing his teeth now. He leans across the table a bit and lowers his voice even further.
"If you want more," He rumbles, "And not just sex, mind you," He nibbles on the lobe of his ear, "But more too - say yes. If not, well, that one's obvious. I'll be at my table. It was a pleasure to meet you, Dean."
Dean pulls over on the side of the road and shuts the Impala off. He could swear he knows that car. He gets out, squinting at the figure standing over the engine. The hoods up, and there's a flashlight shining but he can't see any details of the person.
D: gotta go, hes waking up. ttyl benny.
"Wow, Cas, you kinky bastard. This is nuts."
Dean sighs and climbs into Baby. Sam quickly follows and slams the door shut. He turns to Dean with an apologetic look. "Sorry."
"You'll see. I think you'll like it."
“You’re so tight,” Dean whispers, and Castiel laughs, which feels
"What," he asks, head tilted.
Dean had to repress a shiver. Cas cussing did things to him. "Well, let's see, there was this one bastard that tried to force me to become Michael's vessel so he and his cronies could start the Apocalypse. Then there's Balthazar. He was an absolute asshole, but he did alright in the end I guess. And Gabriel, pretty much the same thing. He trapped me and Sam in... I really don't know how to describe it, but it was a world that basically reset itself everytime I died. Sam watched me die over and over again, hundreds of times, man, reliving the same day over and over. Only to prove a point."
Castiel gives him a sad smile, “Me either. Things spun out of our control so fast.”
"It's not something I need if that's what you mean. Not the way I desire control. I haven't subbed for anyone in a very long time. It would be a great sign of trust, Dean. We aren't ready for that now, but in time, if you'd like, I'd be open to it."
"What's the weirdest place you've ever done it?" Dean asks curiously, looking over at him. Cas hums in thought and makes the turn towards the house.
"I want you to take me, Cas. I want to feel this when I sit down in my car tomorrow morning, and I want to think of you. Please, just fuck me already. Sir." Holy mother of heaven on high this man is perfect for him.
"God is not in Heaven?" Dean laughed. "Out of all that, that's what you latch onto? Yeah. It's alright, man. We flipped out for a while after we found out, but He's still out there. He's just incognito basically. He butts his head in sometimes, and helps out with stuff, but only if it's extremely serious. Works for me."
Dean folds up the chair he's been sitting in today and puts it in the backseat of Cas's car next to the crate with the rest of the vegetables then climbs in the passenger seat. Cas gets into the driver's seat more gracefully and starts up the engine, immediately turning on the air. It's hot outside today, and even though it's winding down to evening now, it's still too hot. It feels like he's been put into an oven and set to bake for a while. He pulls up his T-shirt and uses it to wipe his sweaty forehead, relishing the cool air on his bare stomach for a moment. He pulls the shirt back down and reaches around to grab his seatbelt. When he pulls it over his body he meets very intense blue eyes, staring at him with some burning ferocity. He freezes. "What?"
"Yeah, I know. All that stuff is fine. It's just more than I expected," Dean takes a deep breath and glances at Cas. He smiles reassuringly at him, and for some reason, Dean finds himself feeling better about this whole thing. They go through the process of more questioning, and Dean gets his blood drawn, which he hates. Cas holds his hand throughout it, which makes it more tolerable. After the results come in, they finally settle on a medication that Dr. Bradbury thinks will work best for him.
“Do you want to go to the farmer's market with me? It can wait until tomorrow if not, but I thought you might like it,” Castiel says. He places one of his new jars of honey on the shelf. It clinks as it falls into place next to its brethren. Dean went with him to help collect it, and he'd been surprisingly calm. He'd watched the bees dance around Castiel as he worked. It had been a decent morning since the shower incident, but Castiel was itching to get out of the house.
, he's so screwed.
She muffled a shriek and her eyes bugged out of her head but she nodded quickly. Good. "Talk."
he thinks with a shake of his head.
He grabs all his stuff and climbs out of his car. The entrance is around the corner, and he has to dodge a random shopping cart to get around it. The front is all glass windows and potted plants outside. The aesthetic is nice, but he doesn't dwell on it. As he walks in, a bell rings above the door, signaling his arrival.
Dean's eyes pop open, and Cas's hand falls away. He hastens to explain, "My toothpaste fell out of my bag, and I was feeling around for it. I didn't mean to snoop, I promise. I thought it was the tube and-"
"About what?"
"I know. Let's do this."
Dean sighs, the phone weighing heavy in his hand. Obligations and responsibility are pulling at him from different angles. He'd love to spend more time with Cas, but it isn't often that his baby brother is in town. Sitting down on the bed, he starts swiping his responses.
"That's rude. We're supposed to be sleeping."
"Wrong?"
Dean was still not seeing the point. He leaned against the wall and crossed his arms over his chest. He looked over at Benny and tried to analyze what he was getting at. Benny's scruffy face looked almost smug and intrigued. What the hell?
"Oh, I'm sticking. Promise." That makes Cas smile again before he stands.
"Around what?"
"Y-yes. Yes, that's what I want, Sir. I need your cock filling me up. Pounding my ass. I need you, Cas-Sir! Fuck," Dean braces himself for a reprimand but instead gets a sweet kiss.
Dean listens as Cas explains the various theories behind the purple honey. He makes and eats his Ramen noodles as he does, chicken flavor - those are his favorite. Dean drains them and throws in some ranch. Now he twirls them around his fork as he listens to Cas's voice. Dean didn't realize that he had missed his voice today. When he says as much, Cas hums.
It seems like no time at all before he's finished, and he's sent it off to Amelia. He clicks the button on the side to turn his screen to black and sets it back on the arm. He looks down at Dean, and if Castiel didn't know better, he'd say he's asleep for how relaxed he looks. His lips remain tight around the base of Castiel's dick, but his eyes are closed. A pale pink blush only slightly stains his cheeks, his face is relaxed, and he shows no signs of being disturbed by anything. He looks peaceful.
"Mmm," Dean mumbles inaudibly and floats for a while. He's not sure exactly when he falls asleep, but it feels good.
"Yeah, but it's true, isn't it?" A faint smile came over Cas's face. "Yes. It is. Is that okay? I mean... I hope you're not homophobic?"
"It's a good idea, Dean. I'm proud of you for thinking this out."
He hates the feeling, but he loves having Cas's cock inside him, so it kinda makes up for it. Dean wants to be clean and confident. Once he's done and he's all scrubbed and shiny and smelling enticing, he hopes, he sneaks back towards the bed. Dean carefully eases out of his pants and tears his t-shirt off. He squats down and starts digging through his duffel bag as quietly as he can. What Dean wants is at the bottom. He finds them and almost lets out an excited whoop before he remembers he's supposed to be being quiet. He slides on the ruffled, bright blue boy shorts, enjoying the way the lace feels against his skin. God, these always make him feel so sexy. The best thing about these is that they're assless. They leave part of his cheeks and his hole exposed, which means he can wear them while Cas fucks him. He kinda has a thing for the cute little bow sitting on the front of the waistband.
day for all it's worth. He looks around as he enters and smiles. It's a nice place. Quaint and comfy. Warm wood panels and cute blue and yellow tiles decorate the space. Yeah, that should not go together, but it does. A row of tables sits along the wall to his right, framed by large windows. More booths line the wall to the back of the shop.
Benny looks around too, with a small smile on his face. "Yeah, it's something for sure. Is there something specific bringing you by today, or should I just grab Dean for ya?"
"Yes, and you're not going to hurt them. Come with me, baby boy. I promise it will be worth it. I want to show you something."
"I agree. But can we nap first?" Cas laughs and swats him on the butt as he gets up, holding out a hand for Dean, who rolls his eyes but gets up on his knees and walks across the bed to the edge where Cas is standing. He tugs on his hand and brings him closer, then kisses him deeply, savoring the connection. "You were amazing, Dean. You know that?"
His little mate. The words nearly made him purr in pleasure. Little Castiel, his mate. He licked at the bite since he could reach it and Cas murmured unintelligibly before snuggling closer to Dean. He could hear when Cas's heartbeat slowed and then when he fell asleep. It was a nice feeling. Peace. Castiel was his, and no one was going to take him from him. The thought made him smile and he buried his face in Cas's silky hair, listening to him sleep.
"Night, Cas. Love you." He's asleep before he has a chance to realize what he said.
"Yeah?"
"Do you have blood on hand here?"
"Shoes!" Dean pipes up from behind the pillow, and Castiel finds himself grinning. Dean's little voice is adorable.
"Well, I don't know what you want me to say. This is real. We're very real. No amount of people or things outside of us will change that."
Dean whimpers, long and drawn out, his body bowing. Suddenly the vibrator in him shifts, and it's purring right up against his prostate. He flails and thrusts his hips into the air, humping little circles back against the dildo.
"Hell if I know." Sam groans and covers his eyes with his hands. "I should probably just stay at your house. If you're okay with that."
"Yeah, Cas. Fuck, you were hurt. You were hurt and bleeding and unconscious and I couldn't protect you. I didn't protect you. I didn't keep you safe, and all this-" Dean gestured at Cas's bruises and disheveled look, "It's my fault. I let it happen, and I shouldn't of. I should've been there. I should've known they were there, dammit, none of this would have happened." Cas calmly sat his bowl on the nightstand and came over to Dean. He carefully grasped at Dean's waist, his palms finding Dean's hip bones like there were magnets attracting them. His blue eyes were wide in understanding, and there wasn't any sign of condemnation or anger. Dean balled his fists at his sides, refusing to hold Cas like he wanted to. Like he needed to.
"I, wait, uh... really?"
The thought sends an electric thrill through him, and he wonders if that's what they're doing today. He'd love that.
After feeding from Cas, Dean lapped at the bite on Cas's neck lovingly, licking away the blood slowly oozing its way out of the punctures. Cas whimpered as his ministrations making Dean shiver in pleasure. He loved that sound falling from Cas's lips. "We probably need to bandage that." Dean murmured against his skin. Cas shook his head and whispered breathily, "No, I want to see it. I want to be able to look at it when I walk by a mirror." Dean chuckled.
"What do you do for a living?"
Dean wakes with a groan and peels his face off the couch, which has apparently tried to absorb him. He sits up and winces at the ache in his lower back and the crick in his neck from sleeping with his face shoved into the couch. He can also feel where he has the square-dented imprint of the sofa's material on half his face because it's rough and he's an idiot for sleeping on the couch when he has a perfectly good bed in his room. Well, maybe not a perfectly good bed, but it's alright. Okay, he totally curb-surfed it, but it didn't have bugs or weird stains, and it was relatively un-lumpy, all of which were good points in his book.
Dean shivers. "Fuck Cas. I can't. I gotta go to work. But I'll text you later, okay?"
"I have time."
"Hmm?" Dean hums and Castiel smiles.
"Good luck!" She calls as he walks away. Summoning an act of courage he doesn't feel, he nearly throws himself into the opposite side of the booth from Cas, startling the man and making him jump. "De-"
Dean whines and his hips start rocking on their own accord. The friction is heaven on his aching cock and he almost cries with relief at finally moving.
Cas moves and kisses Dean's forehead. "We're always okay, sweetheart. I promise."
He pops three pills into his mouth and chugs a swallow of water down after them, rubbing his temple. He grips the steering wheel with one hand and the other fiddles with the radio dial. The parking lot to the CVS isn't very busy, so he's just sitting in a spot, trying to figure out what's bothering him about this morning. He knows it's what Dean isn't telling him, but he doesn't understand why it's irritating him so much. He's quite used to there being a modicum of privacy in all his relationships, personal or otherwise, so why is it that Dean's insistence on silence is nagging at him like a sore tooth?
Dean didn't know why he was doing this.
"We'll figure it out," He mutters to himself, wiping his sweaty forehead with the back of his hand. Lunch, but first, shower. He feels disgusting.
"Okay, guys, let's not start a straw war. The waitress will kill us." Cas laughs. "Speaking of which, are there menus?"
Castiel winces at the echoing sound of clanging metal,
"Pecan, man. Pecan is the bomb. Pecan is the Marilyn Monroe of pie."
Fuck. Cas is marking him up.
is sitting in his mailbox. How in the hell did that get there? He knows he didn't put it there. He suddenly glances around the empty lobby suspiciously, half of his mind wondering if this isn't some sort of weird prank or something. Nobody's in here but him, not that he can tell anyway. There are not many places to hide in the grubby little room, but you never know. Half-afraid that something is going to leap out and bite him, or explode maybe, he reaches inside the box slowly and draws his wallet out. Gingerly.
"You've been a big help, Meg. I'll have the papers faxed to you by Wednesday, okay? Alright, thank you. Goodbye. No, I know. Goodbye. Yes, I have it. Goodbye, Meg." He clicks the end button before she can interrupt with something else he already knows. She's a good friend and associate, but she talks entirely too much. He places the phone in its cradle and leans forward in the chair, rubbing his temples. The headache pounding away behind his eyes is only compounded by the fact that he just spent a half-hour listening to her yammer for what should've been a two-minute phone call. Does he even have any aspirin?
"Green is good to go. Everything is fine. Yellow means not to push any further and that I'm uncomfortable, and we need to stop and talk about it. Red is to end the scene. If I say it, everything stops." Castiel nods, running his hands up Dean's chest, enjoying watching the younger man shudder minutely at his touch.
He articulated as best he could but he was still mumbling, "Leather... Warm cracked leather in old cars, and garages. Like grease... and oil and sweat - work. Wood... Like sawdust from pine trees. Like rain... rain on wet, rich earth. There's a word... Petrichor. It's beautiful. And intoxicating..."
"If this gets too tight, or starts to hurt, or tingle even a little, tell me immediately, alright? Can you do that for me?"
When Dean's feet hit the floor, the chain on the nipple clamps he's still wearing jingles. Dean moans lightly, shuddering and curving inwards, even in his binds.
His voice is dark with intent but playful and light enough that it makes Dean chuckle.
"Don't come any closer," Cas warns. "There doesn't need to be a fight here. That wouldn't end well for you."
Cain smiles as he crosses the distance and opens his arms. Castiel stumbles into them thankfully and collapses against him. The comfort is an old one. He breathes in the familiar spiced scent and a sob ravages its way out of his mouth.
"Good. But you might wanna look away cuz I'm about to stuff it now." Castiel laughs. Then he starts to chuckle even harder when Dean proceeds to "stuff his face" like a squirrel. He's adorable, even if he has atrocious table manners. It makes him more endearing, and Castiel loves it.
"Plenty of time for what?"
"Lube first," Cas reminds, and Dean hears the click of the cap but can't see Cas's hands since they're behind his back. Then lube-wet fingers are slicking up his hole, making him bite his lip as he looks down at all of Cas's sexy, dark stubble, and bright eyes. Dean leans down as Cas's fingers plunge into his hole. Dean kisses those plump pink lips, licking them open and thrusting his tongue inside with the same rhythm that Cas is using with his fingers, and Cas groans into his mouth. Cas's left hand slides up his side and into Dean's hair, pulling his head back forcefully. Cas attacks his throat, licking and sucking along his stubbled jaw, then biting at the meaty connection between his shoulder and his neck. Dean moans, trembling under Cas's ministrations.
"Yeah. I guess. But um..."
Cas nodded against his chest, still slightly shaking with panic. "It's okay. I don't mind, honestly. You didn't do anything wrong. It's okay. Say that for me. Can you do that?"
Dean knows it's crazy, he knows it is, but he swears to God the bees seem to understand Cas. One of them pushes off Cas's hand and flies over to Dean's, circling before landing in his palm. Dean's heartbeat ratchets up. "Cas?"
Dean gasps, "I would never."
I hope you enjoyed it. Comment and tell me!
"Hey!" Sam squeaks, and Dean starts laughing again.
"No, I haven't. I thought about it once, but it turned out that that wasn't what he wanted."
"Oh. Well, the sense of smell for one thing. It's seriously useful."
Cas shook his head, smiling. "Of course!"
Dean takes a deep breath.
"Come on in, Cas. Make yourself at home. Mi casa es su casa." Cas gave him a slight smile at that and walked inside, looking around.
"Lick, suck. Be good for me, baby boy. Show me you want it. You've been so good already," Castiel grips his hair and guides his head, biting his lip.
Gadreel and Alfie both collapse into the chairs on the opposite side of his desk and start talking at the same time. Castiel interrupts, "Alfie. You first. What happened? Is Dean safe?"
"Hey, you need some help?" Dean calls. The guy turns around and Dean's flooded with emotions as the face comes into focus. All floppy hair, tan skin, and white teeth, it's his baby brother. Dean's jaw drops.
"No. Sorry."
The end of my lil fic. Hope you liked it!
"Actually, I was wondering what the possible side effects would be," Cas pipes up, and Dean glances at him nervously. What would he do if Dean reacts badly to the medicine? Would he get frustrated with him and leave? The pit of worry in his stomach grows as he wonders.
"Dean?"
"Me too, Dean."
"Mmm, my sassy boy likes that, doesn't he? Don't you, Dean? Tell me."
"Cas."
"I'm uh, I'm fine. Why did you-"
Cas leans back and lays his arm out for Dean to use as a pillow. Dean happily scoots forward, the angle a lot less awkward now. Fingers skimming over his waist makes him gasp. He places reverent kisses against Cas's throat, enjoying the feel of his stubble scraping against his cheek. Dean shivers as Cas's hangs glide over his erection through his boxers.
in the way his boy shivers.
"Yeah, it's not bad. It's starting to get cold."
Dean feels so disgusted with himself. He was in a great mood ten minutes ago, and now he feels like garbage
"So, do you have any questions for me?" Dr. Bradbury asks brightly.
Dean sits up and drags himself into the bathroom so he can shower. He wiped off last night, but he still has lube and sweat dried on him, and it's gross. When Dean gets out, the bathroom is steamy and hot. He dries and dresses as quickly as he can. Dean makes his way to the kitchen, phone in hand. He makes himself a bowl of cereal because he's feeling lazy this morning and checks his phone.
So now our boys are back together. I hope you liked it! Guess what I'm giving you in the next chapter? I know what all you naughty lil things are actually reading this story for. They're going to come back together... with a bang, shall we say? ;) You're gonna like it, don't worry!
Dean furrows his brow but complies and feel's Cas's fingers caressing the inside of his thigh as it slides down to cup his knee, and he guides his leg over something. "This is a padded shelf, more or less. It will support your weight. I'm putting both your legs over them."
"I have something I want you to do, Dean."
But he was nervous. What did Dean want from him? Castiel didn't even know his last name. "Dean? What is this?" Dean gave him a warm smile and leaned back away from him slightly, Castiel immediately wished he hadn't. "It's whatever you want it to be. But if you're open to new ideas, I have a few suggestions." Castiel smiled slightly, intrigued. "Would you inform me of those then?" Dean smirked. "No problem, cowboy." Castiel was going to object that he wasn't a cowboy, but then Dean was leaning in close. He was only a couple of inches away and then his bright green eyes were boring into Castiel's. He licked his lips again and asked in a hushed whisper. "Can I kiss you, Cas?"
"Yeah. Old. I know."
Dean's head snaps up at that. "Yeah. I mean, yes, Sir. I do. Really."
Dean chuckles and throws a napkin at him, causing the older man to chuckle. "No. I wanna know a lot of stuff. What about you? Anything you wanna know?"
Silence falls between them and Dean tunes back into the cowboys. He's not sure there's any better way to spend the evening. They've got dinner plans for tomorrow night, but in the meantime, Dean doesn't have a ton in his fridge. He's just never here and he didn't do any grocery shopping yesterday.
They agreed to use the stoplight system this time. It's a more intense scene, and Dean had wanted the extra security.
Fuck, this is taking forever. Dean just wants to cum. He's going to die if it doesn't happen soon.
"I'm pretty sure Dean's okay with that."
Yep. Dean's voice is tired and a little sad. There's a small ache in Castiel's chest because of it.
"Wait, what do you mean okay?"
"Thanks," Dean offers a minute smile up to her bright one, "So, is there anything else I should know about the medicine?"
He threw a pair of sweatpants at Castiel which he grabbed nimbly from the air before they could hit him in the face. "Just get dressed, then we'll talk, 'kay? Work for you? Good. The bathroom's over there." Dean finished and pointed over to the door by the bed without even allowing Castiel a chance to speak. He huffed in frustration but went to the bathroom anyhow. His clothes felt uncomfortably sticky. He quickly stripped out of his stiff and uncomfortable khakis. He debated only for a moment about the shirt. It had semen on it and though it wasn't exactly weird, it was a little gross. Now he was in nothing but his white boxer shorts, and he still felt sticky. He'd like a shower, if only because it would clear his head. He settled for a wet washcloth and wiping down his groin, hoping Dean wouldn't mind the use of it. He pulled the sweatpants on and then realized Dean hadn't given him a shirt. He wondered if that was purposeful or if Dean simply hadn't noticed. Either way, he still had to talk to Dean.
"What's up?"
Umm, sorry? It got a little smutty kind of fast. Should I apologize? Not sure, but Trust Me's not going to be pure porn, I promise. Angst and feelings and problems and relationships. You know, things with plot too. But porn's the fun part for now anyway. There's going to be more character development and reviewing their pasts and finding out more stuff about them soon, Girl Scout Swear. I really want to do this prompt justice, but I kind of wanted to start Cas and Dean's "thing" off with a bang, and I think I kinda did that. It was mostly just Cas breaking free of his familial bonds finally and having the freedom to do what he wanted. I guess that's one way to do it. Please don't kill me. I hope you guys like it so far. Also, apology since it's kind of short, the next won't be. Hopefully. I make no promises.
He had to trust that Cas wouldn't leave. That Cas actually felt it. It certainly smelled like it. Cas's arms wrapped around his back and his nails scratched lightly against him, reminding Dean that he still hadn't said anything. He pulled away enough to look at Cas. His eyes were huge with uncertainty, and the blue was nameless, but it was deep and bright, and Dean thought it might be the most beautiful color he'd ever seen. He took a deep breath. He hadn't said these words in a long time. "I love you too, Cas." He breathed and saw Cas's eyes light up before he was enveloped by a long length of tan skin and silky black hair, a very happy Cas in his arms. Dean had thrown the phone so Cas couldn't really say anything right now but he didn't need to. Dean understood. He understood completely. Suddenly there was a mouth panting hot breath against his but Cas just sat there. "You don't have to ask for permission to kiss me, Cas."
"Do you still want me?" Dean whispers.
P.S. These new chapters have been run through editing services and I try my best to catch mistakes but I'm churning them out quick (for me) so if you see grammar/spelling mistakes my bad!!! You're welcome to point them out, but I am a sensitive bean, so please be kind.
"It's obvious. It looks very well kept, Dean; beautiful."
"None of that. I don't need an apology. You were overtaxed today."
Dean nods, but he doesn't feel reassured. His heart is doing about ninety miles a minute, and he might just pass out now and not have to deal with the rest of this. That seems like a good idea. He groans as Cas leads him into the room, which is a lot friendlier than he thought it would be. The walls are a warm yellow, and there are several paintings across the span. He does a double-take at the one beyond the little chair/bed thing he's supposed to sit on, and his mouth drops open.
"You don't think we might be a
Something was wrong. It was. But he couldn't remember what. Maybe it wasn't that important if he couldn't remember it. He vaguely recognized he was unconscious but that was okay. It wasn't all that bad actually. "Cas!" He heard a dim cry but he couldn't place the voice. Was it someone important? He struggled to remember. The only person who had ever called him Cas - Dean. Oh, Dean. That's who was important. Suddenly the details came back to him and he remembered what had happened. Was Dean okay? He struggled to wake up, fighting the darkness now. It seemed to work, and within moments he was opening his eyes, only to shut them again with a moan. Bright light had pierced his brain and made him want to scream. He felt a hand on his cheek and on his neck and he groaned.
He's taken aback, to say the least.
"I'll remember that, boy, you'll pay-"
"I mean, I guess. We just met-"
"And these?" He murmurs against Dean's skin, kissing his cheekbone.
"I'm sorry, Cas. I'm being stupid. I just don't even know-"
"No. Supernatural hunter. I kill the bad things out there. The ones that hurt humans, and that kill just for the fun of it."
"Hmm, you like that don't you?"
Dean groans at the words because he knows what that means.
"Where are we?" Castiel asked, looking out the window blearily, rubbing his eyes. "Williamson County, Illinois." This gave Castiel a small amount of shock. "You drove all the way through Tennessee?" Dean nodded and steered the Impala off an exit and down a small road that looked rather run down. Weeds were growing high alongside the highway and everything was brown. It was still dark outside. The sun was just beginning to rise. Maybe. A look at Dean's phone confirmed the time as a little past six thirty in the morning. Dean had driven all the way through the night. "Dean, you're going to exhaust yourself like this. Don't vampires have to sleep?" Dean gave him a half smile. "Sort of, yeah. I'm gonna crash soon, that's part of the reason I had to wake you up. We'll be getting a room here in a minute."
"Hi, Cas." Dean leans in and kisses him properly this time, shivering a little when his stubble scrapes against his cheeks. He leans away a bit and says, "I missed you, ya know that?"
"Um..."
Both Dean and Cas have a milieu of errands to run, and they end up spending a couple of hours just doing that. Dean has to go pay his electric bill, Cas has to visit his office in the city and return some library books. Eventually, they split ways so that everything can get done on time.
"No. Come on, I know somewhere."
"Yeah, my phone's dead. I'm scared, Cas. If someone broke in, they might still be there. I was in the house. But if it was Dad, that's kind of worse, you know?"
It's only been a few days, but Castiel recognizes that he's falling in love with Dean. He isn't afraid. He's always been one to do so quickly, but it's never been like this. The connection is so visceral. A profound bond, unlike any he's ever experienced.
B: Ah, nothin much. Found me a pretty little thing who was willing to donate, so that was nice. Courtesy of my buddy down here. How's things with Hot Wings?
Castiel swallows, "I actually do like the taste, you know. I love fried food, and burgers, and pie. I'm just a lot older than you, though. This burger is going to take at least a week of jogging to burn off. It's so worth it though." He grins and digs back in. Dean smirks and they both continue to munch until their food is mostly gone. Castiel grabs a few greasy fries and chews them thoughtfully. As if on cue, Dean grabs a napkin, wipes his face, and sighs.
The world is quiet, so it's probably the smooth scent of strong coffee that wakes him. It's a rarity that Dean wakes before him. He rolls over and reaches out a hand to search the bed but only finds empty sheets.
"What do you call me, Dean?" His voice is rough and grating. Dean can tell Cas is about two seconds from losing it. So, just to be a little shit, he makes his voice
"Oh, fuck! Caaa- Mmmmm." Dean closes his lips and moans instead of calling out Castiel's name, but it was close. He wonders if Dean is going to break the rule. That would be fun to see.
"This isn't going to disappear when you go home. I'll be here for you, Dean. I'm not going anywhere."
(See the end of the chapter for
That's what it feels like anyway. Dean doesn't like doctor's offices at all, but his mood swings haven't ever really been this bad, and he thinks it's because Cas makes him so happy. If he's just normal, then his mood doesn't usually sway that much. But Cas makes him so happy. It's throwing is unbalanced brain out of whack even more, and for every high, there has to be a low. He doesn't want Cas to have to deal with that. Maybe antidepressants would sort out his hormone issues if that's what it is. He's pretty sure that's what it is. It makes sense, really, but he's no doctor, so who knows?
Is anything going to go right today? Probably not. Dean goes to the bathroom and runs a rag under some cold water, wetting it thoroughly before wiping his face off, hoping to wake himself up a little. Jesus, he needs to shave. He doesn't have the time right now. Nobody at the garage cares what the grunt under the car looks like anyway. He looks like grizzled shit right now, he thinks as he looks in the mirror. He runs his hand through his hair in an attempt to style it and is mildly successful so he counts it as a win for today. Probably his only one, but take it where you can get it, right? He quickly hustles from the bathroom and picks up his keys off the floor by the couch and the bag of garbage sitting by the counter before walking out of his apartment, locking it behind him. What good that'll do, he'll never know. There's literally nothing of value in there. He's two floors down when he realizes that he didn't even change his clothes. Oh well. At least he put deodorant and cologne on. He's almost out of deodorant. Another mental note to the ever-growing list of shit he needs. Fuck, he needs to get paid soon.
(See the end of the chapter for
"No, baby, it's okay. It's not weird at all. I like it too. You don't have to apologize for things you like, sweet boy. I promise. Are you ready to go upstairs?" Castiel is trying to get a gauge on where Dean is right now, emotionally speaking, so he's standing still, arms supporting Dean and speaking soothingly. It's not uncommon for his subs to want a few more minutes to calm down before going upstairs into the sane part of the house.
I hope it's obvious from the way I wrote it, but in case I'm just too close to it, the bold text messages are from Cas, and the italics are Dean. Their letters are all in italics.  Hope you're enjoying. :)
That’s why he’d called Charlie (granted, that was at Jody’s urging). But still, he’d made the step. He had some appointments set up with a therapist. And he had a weekly check-in with Charlie to see about his meds, side effects, and help with the therapy. She offers “supplemental services”, whatever that means. Dean’s still confused about it, but it was a good move, probably, considering how fucked up his life currently is.
Dean grins wide and says, "Thanks," The camera clicks again, but he was expecting it this time.
"No, not always. It depends on the case. But this is a mental health clinic, so if I think the patient would benefit from being able to talk to their doctor anytime, then I do."
Sam shrugs. "I mean, sure, if you want. I wouldn't mind. Dean?"
Dean puts his finger in his mouth and groans at the musky taste that's different from the tang of his pre-cum he's gotten to taste, closing his eyes and sucking on the digit. When he opens his eyes again after his finger is clean, Cas is staring at him open-mouthed and with pupils wide. Dean flushes and starts stammering, "W-was that - sorry, I just - I wanted-" Cas lays a finger over Dean's lips, and Dean stops babbling at the soft command, "Hush."
The thought almost made Castiel laugh, the idea seemed ridiculous, but he supposed insecurities weren't limited to one species. He wasn't adverse to being Dean's mate, but he had to be careful about this. He'd already learned words were a dangerous thing when it came to a vampire. "What does being your mate entail exactly?" Dean's face fell for a split second before he was wearing a hard, unchanging, expressionless mask. "A yes or no, Cas. In or out. If it's a no, if you don't want to stay with me you can walk out that door right now. And I'll let you. But if you do want to stay with me, I need an answer now. Are you in or out?"
"Uh. You do bees?"
The building Dean brought him to was a fairly popular hotel. It was painted white and had large columns covered in some sort of ivy that Castiel didn't recognize, though it looked familiar. They went through the lobby without even a passing glance at the woman manning the desk and right onto the elevator. Castiel was uncomfortable now. He felt sticky and gross, and something edging on shame, which Dean seemed to pick up on. He was giving him a hard, assessing look that Castiel didn't quite understand. Dean didn't know him, why would he be worried about Castiel was feeling now? But then... He supposed that what Dean was doing with him wasn't exactly normal, but he couldn't be sure. He wasn't stupid. He and Dean had used each other. And it had been enjoyable.
As he slides his bag in between his feet, it hits something under the bed. Dean bends and looks and sees a cardboard box with a lid sticking out from under the blanket a bit. He just shoves it back under, gently, in case it's something breakable, and starts pawing through his clothes. He's looking for -ah-ha! There it is.
Sam’s cheeks turn even pinker and Dean chuckles.
"Several days."
He pulls up into the parking lot of the body shop/garage, admiring the neatness of it. He's done his best to ignore the screeching of the engine, but he's very seriously considered taking more aspirin. The only thing that's stopped him is that he knows it's dangerous, and frankly, he appreciates his liver for the job it does, he'd just as well keep it healthy.
Tell me your thoughts if you'd like. I love hearing from y'all. :)
"Well, I was wanting to see about getting some antidepressants."
Dean looks over at the coffee pot, smiling when he sees that it's full. He loves fast coffee pots. They're a blessing on his tired life. He pulls a chipped blue mug out of the cabinet and pours the coffee in, adding two spoons of sugar and stirring. As he takes a hot sip, it occurs to him that he moves around this kitchen with more ease than he does his own.
"Yeah, I know." Benny regarded him with a quirked eyebrow and Dean shut his piehole with an audible snap.
It took forever to come down from the high of his release because Dean didn't stop his ministrations, he just gradually slowed them down. And not until Castiel was whining and trying to get away from did he finally let him go. Dean popped off his now softening cock and licked his lips lewdly. "Damn, Cas. You're amazing, man, and we are definitely doing that again." He crawled up the bed until his knees were bracketing Castiel's hips. He was surprised to feel a wet spot on Dean's jeans. He looked up in surprise and Dean just smiled. "You get me hot, Cas. What can I say? That was awesome." Did Dean come just from giving Cas fellatio? His partner got off on giving other people pleasure. He filed
"Sorry. I'm listening." He was contrite.
Everything. He wanted to take it all. "What are you willing to give?" The question slipped off his tongue before he could think about it. Cas looked like he'd been expecting it, weirdly enough. "Anything." Shit. Just that word had ghost-fingers tracing up his spine and he wanted to pounce on Cas. He probably shouldn't do what he wanted to do, which was nail Cas to the mattress, but he could kiss the living daylight's out of him. So he did. He leaned over and engulfed Cas's mouth with his, earning a surprised gasp as his tongue dominated Cas's. When they finally pulled apart Cas was breathing a bit heavier than normal and his face was flushed, which on his tan skin made him look beautiful and entirely edible, which is probably something Dean shouldn't think about. Nope, nope. Definitely shouldn't think about that.
"Why?"
"Are you ready for what's next?"
"Shh, sweet boy. I have you." Castiel cards a hand through Dean's hair, in awe of him. "You are so perfect, you know that? Look at you. Just wonderful. So beautiful begging for me to tie you up. You sound so sexy when you say please."
Dean ignores the little thoughts running through the back of his mind that are telling him this is not just sex, but still. He shakes his head at himself.
submissive relationship?
"Yeah, Cas. Serious as a heart attack. Do... Do you want to come over? It's alright if you don't."
Crap, it's gonna be hard to remember that. Dean just thinks of him as Cas in his mind, so it's hard to say 'Sir' when the only thing that wants to come out of his mouth is
With some regret, Castiel pulls away. “Lay down on your back. Prop yourself up a little, though.”
Hot blood exploded into his mouth and holy fuck, it was amazing. Hot and wet and perfectly smooth coppery blood. Cas's blood. He was drowning in it, reveling in it. Fuck, Cas tasted amazing. Dean let the control on his power slip and doused Cas with his scent. Pheremones surrounded him and Cas pushed himself further up against Dean's mouth. Despite him trying to control himself, he couldn't help it. He bit deeper, claiming him with a bite mark that would leave a hell of a scar. Dean wanted it there. He wanted everyone to look at Cas and know he belonged to someone. Belonged to Dean. Castiel Novak was his. His mate. And his alone, and everyone would know now. Another vamp could never touch him without facing Dean's wrath. He would kill anyone that even tried to touch Cas. God, his blood was intoxicating and delicious, just like he thought it would be. It filled him and satisfied him in a way that no other blood ever had, not even after that very first kill as a fledgling. Cas was fucking amazing.
Dean crooks his finger and draws it out of himself, bringing it around for him to look at. The pearly white mess is making his mouth water. He pulls away enough so that Cas can see what he's doing, his black feather-fanned blue eyes wide with disbelief.
Castiel nods, still incredulous. Cain speaks up as he settles back down behind his desk, "Son, are you in school?"
"We should go there."
Cas cocks an eyebrow at him and dryly says, "I hadn't noticed."
"What's the occasion?"
B: Oh, they're going fine. Just fine. I'm enjoying the new territory. When was the last time we were down this way?
"Can't say. You'll just have to wait and see."
OMG. My sister got to the end and y'all know what she said to me? "Excuse me, but where the fuck's the next chapter?" I imagine you guys doing this to me. Do you?!? I need to know... For science.. ya know. LOL
"Those're butterfly kisses," Dean says quietly, sounding almost asleep, eyes still closed and body soft and relaxed under Castiel's touch, which is what he was hoping for.
"Cas." He groans desperately.
With a sharp inhale and a large jerk, Dean wakes, making the bed bounce with the force of his flinch. His eyes are wide, terrified, and he begins to shake.
He's clean to Cas's specifications. Dean's packed for at least a couple of nights; he's prepared for this as he's ever going to be, and now he's going to go into that house and kiss his boyfriend. With that thought in mind, he finally opens his door and drags himself out of the car, shutting it with a resounding thud. It's a nice kind of sound. He's doing this. He squares his shoulders and sees Cas looking at him out the window, so Dean waves and smiles, his chest warming at the answering gummy smile from Cas.
Castiel chuckles and leans forward to whisper a growl in Dean's ear, "No, Dean, I just like to eat ass. Yours in particular. It was so deli-" Dean shoves his shoulder, huffing, and Castiel laughs again and gets a smile out of Dean for it. Dean rolls his eyes but smiles as he crosses his arms in front of him. Dean looks every bit the part of a cocky little boy pouting, and Castiel steps into the space between his spread legs, nudging his hands under Dean's crossed arms. He rubs his thumbs over Dean's nipples and can feel them pebble and harden under his touch, and he's rewarded with a gasp. Dean bites his lip and looks up at him, all the cockiness gone and replaced by pink blush and pouty lips. God, he'll never get over how responsive Dean is. It's lovely.
"I'm assisting in the writing of an article with a colleague of mine. She's advocating for environmental rights for bee preservation, and she asked me to give my viewpoint. She's hoping to have it published online by the end of the month."
"What? How can you disagree?!"
“I’ve missed you, Cas.” Dean says softly.
“Dean?” Castiel calls as his front door opens without a knock. Castiel scrubs the tears off his face onto his long-sleeve hastily and scrambles up to stand by the counter. He holds his breath as someone walks around the corner, and he lets it out when he spots the salt and pepper beard.
Shit. Castiel breathes a small sigh of relief. He freaked out there for a minute. He needs to find a way to keep Dean talking and also reassure him.
"Here, Dean."
He opens his arms. Dean slides the belt over his right arm and surges into Cas's chest, burying his face in the warmth. He's leaning over the center console uncomfortably, but the comfort of draping himself over Cas is greater. Cas wraps his right arm around him, rubbing his back. He whimpers at the need rising in him and rubs his thumb against his bottom lip. He doesn't think Cas will notice if he does his comfort thing. He can't see him. His thumb's right there anyway. Deciding to fuck it, he places his thumb in his mouth and closes his lips around it, sucking on it and closing his eyes. It calms him down somewhat but he still clings to Cas tightly, feeling incredibly stupid but needing the comfort, regardless. "That's it, baby. Shhh. It's alright."
"Do you feel like you experience intense, low periods of depression or lethargy, even? Ones that make you want to not get out of bed or shower? Things like that."
"You didn't have to be this way!" He shrieks at John.
"Maybe we can hang out later tonight?" Dean asks hopefully.
"With your family. With society in general. I really don't care about society's view of things, though perhaps you might. But I do care about what your family will think. They are important to you."
"Cas, I don't really have that many people you need to worry about. Sam already knows I'm out, and as long as I'm happy, he won't care. My friends... They're good people. I wouldn't consider them family if they weren't. They're not gonna care. Besides, it's not like you're wrinkled and bald yet, E.T. It is way too early to be talking about shit like this. Topic change?"
"Hey there." If his voice is a little breathless, it's nobody's business but his.
He's not sure about it. He shared something traumatic, and frankly, just messed-up, about his past with Cas. He drums his fingers on the countertop as he ponders it. It's another step down the couplehood road they're walking, he guesses. Dean sighs and looks down at his bare feet against the pale woodgrain floor. He wonders what Cas's past is like. Dean knows some of it, of course. They've talked, but he hasn't heard a lot of it. They've talked about it. Mostly they've been doing other things. Dean smirks.
The machinery, some of it, is still gleaming and proud. The engine is a bulky but smooth, complicated thing speaking of the past, but holy Jesus, it's so pretty. Way back when, this was
Dean throws his jeans in the vague direction of his duffle bag where it's sitting on the floor. It's been a long damn day, but overall, it wasn't too bad. Sam has apparently hooked up with someone, so he has a separate room on down the way. Dean's kind of relishing having his own room for once. Jeez, he can't even remember the last time it'd happened. And he has plans tonight. He's made sure the door's locked, and the curtains are drawn before taking off his boxers. Now he's naked. It feels good to just walk around in his own skin without being worried about anyone seeing him. He stretches, reveling in the silence. For once, it isn't too silent for him. He shuts the light off, leaving the bathroom light on so it can cast a little yellow glow into the room, not that he needs it, really. He grabs his lube off the nightstand and throws it on the bed. He is so not getting under these covers naked, who the hell knew what had been there, so he just lays on top of them.
The fake credit cards. He is so screwed. And the icing on top of the cake, he,
"I like your home. It's... cozy."
"Oh, sweet boy. Precious, precious Dean. Hold onto me. It's alright. I've got you."
"I didn't know either," Dean shrugs, "Now are you gonna fuck me, or is this some more group therapy?"
"Yeah, sorry. Let's see... I really don't know how to give you the lowdown on all this. There's a lot."
"It will be safe for me to enter you now. I won't hurt you. Would you like me to prepare you further, or would like to try it with the level of preparation you have now?"
Dean sleeps in Cas's bed that night, being the little spoon and with Cas wrapping his arms around him. He doesn't care. Waking up to morning kisses instead of the screaming alarm is beyond perfect and something he could get used to. It's so much better than waking up alone. He goes to work much happier with a full stomach of eggs and sausage and a carry-cup of coffee in hand. He even gets a kiss from his boyfriend before he goes off to work. It's surprisingly domestic, and Dean loves it.
"You can do with them what you like. They are quite uncomfortable."
Cas chuckles. "Definitely not."
What the hell- All the blood rushes out of Dean's face. Cas has been hearing him say his name. When he... masturbates.
Dean reads the small email over and over. It's been a while since he's heard from Sammy, and he didn't say anything. Maybe he should take the time off to drive out to Stanford and just make sure everything's okay. Shit, no, he can't. He's got Cas now, and he's got the project with Mr. Zeinfield or whatever. He needs to learn that dude's name. He replies to Sam's email as he lays in bed, waiting on Cas to get out of the bathroom.
Dean climbs into Baby, shutting the door behind him and settling in behind the steering wheel. It's cold in here, chillier than Cas's house, and he kinda misses the coziness already. Unfortunately, he does have to do the adulting like a regular person occasionally. As he puts her in gear and pulls out of the driveway, he murmurs to himself,
"And I you, Dean.
"Of course. You're always welcome here. Besides, I miss you." Cas's palms land on his hips, and he leans forward and draws him into another kiss that leaves Dean smiling and happy. "I miss you too."
Cas smiles at the message Dean sent before catching his eye and saying, "No, Dean. There are different connotations to the words 'pretty' and 'handsome.' Pretty is attractive in a delicate way. Handsome merely means good-looking, and Dean, you are much more than good looking."
"Yeah?"
After Dr. Bradbury began suggesting therapy and whatnot, she'd shoved about a thousand brochures into his hands and wished him luck. After he's home, he places them on top of his microwave and promptly decides to ignore them. He knows she was right, but he just wanted the medicine to work enough for him to function.
His low voice carried the threat that Castiel knew well, and he shook his head immediately. "No, sir. My apologies." Zachariah was not exactly an intimidating figure, he was paunch and his iron-grey hair balding on top, but Castiel had been on the end of his cruel punishments too many times not to fear him. He narrowed his eyes minutely before giving a curt nod and turning back around to begin walking again. He did not even check to see if Castiel was following, just assuming quiet, unobtrusive Castiel was walking after him like a kicked puppy, which in fact he was, and it made his blood boil with anger and revulsion for himself and his weakness. He was an adult, over the legal drinking age even, and he still couldn't get out from under the stern rule of his mother's or her husband's iron thumbs.
"Cas? Where are you?" Castiel brings his attention back to Dean. They're lying on the couch watching the end of Armageddon, and Dean's on his side, his back pressed firmly against Castiel's chest.
"You are not going to cum until I say. Do you understand?"
dandelion. It was damaged and broken at times, but always surged back stronger than ever, holding on to its roots with a conviction that would astound even humans. And you gave your entire life, your entire being, for that one dandelion. And that dandelion still doesn't understand..." Castiel closes his eyes and the knot in his chest loosens with his decision. He's finally just going to say it.
The diner is small and uncrowded, which is perfect for Dean's nerves right now. After the doctor’s appointment yesterday, and his impromptu cleaning session, Dean could use some quiet to let himself settle. Sam is talking his ear off, but it’s a familiar kind of noise. When they were kids, Sam could ramble on for hours about the newest science class in some forgotten elementary school or the girl he’d just met that had,
Dean's a really big sap. He's laying here in his boyfriend's arms daydreaming like a chick-flick or something. He smirks to himself and nestles his head on Cas's arm. He can't get any closer than this without literally being inside of him, but he likes the warmth Cas gives off. It makes him feel safe.
," Castiel says playfully, "You deserve another for how good you were. Do you see how beautiful you are, sweet boy? Hmm, Dean? Do you know what seeing you like this does to me? You light a fire to my blood," Castiel murmurs against the hollow of Dean's throat, sucking little bruises as he travels lower. His mouth finds one of Dean's abused nipples, and he keens loudly, hands coming up to bury in Castiel's hair. Castiel licks and nibbles and sucks. Soon Dean is squirming and thrusting his hips as best he can into Castiel's ministrations. The angle's not good enough for him to be able to stroke Dean's prostate. But he's quickly reducing him to a quivering mess anyway.
Castiel turns to Sam who looks shaken but mostly composed. "Can you go inside and have Cain send some of his guards out, please? And call the police? Tell them we have a wanted man here who assaulted innocent people."
"Thanks. You too. Today was like the best day I've had... maybe ever. That was awesome."
"Yes?"
The halting reply comes a moment later. "Ho-honesty... Passion. And-And innocence."
Cas is packing. His cock is thick and heavy, hanging between his legs. Strong, tan runner's legs, Dean notices. Cas is hairless below the waist, and Dean can't help but find it hot. His eyes travel from Cas's calves up to his eyes slowly only to find Cas staring at him.
Dean raises an eyebrow. "Thought-inducing? That's the best you got?"
Castiel hates it. He hates talking to strangers and trying to convince them they are making mistakes and sinning when he himself doesn't believe it. He hates pointing out their supposed wrongs as if he has no faults of his own. He hates the way Zachariah and almost the entire church feel they know best and makes it their personal missive to correct others, others who don't even believe in their god. Sin or not, he's envious of all these people. They get to go out and have fun, and not have to worry about their cruel step-father breathing down their neck over every single misstep. They are free. Free in a sense that Castiel has never experienced and it's never weighed on him so much as it is now. He's exhausted, they've already been doing this for hours and it's just the same as it is every year.
"I will give you what you need. But I'm going to do it my way and on my time. Do you understand?"
Dr. Bradbury nods, "There's no guarantee that any of that will happen to you. I understand that's not very reassuring, but if anything comes up, we can solve the problem then."
"Such a good job, Dean. You're amazing. So very good for me. So perfect, Dean." With those words floating through his mind, Dean thinks he might just be falling a little bit in love with Cas. The thought doesn't scare him. Hell, if this is what Cas is really like, he'd prefer to paint Baby bright pink and cover her in fairy herpes than give this up. Cas is amazing.
"Ahhh, there it is. Good boy.
"Yes, Sir. I wanted to wear them just for you. I wanted to surprise you."
Dean tells Cas about his little brother Sam, and Cas shares his college stories about living in a dorm with his brother. They laugh about the story of how Sammy snorted a milkshake out his nose once. Then Cas makes Dean burst out laughing when he tells him about a prank he played on his friend Balthazar when they were in high school. It's the best way to unwind ever. Dean couldn't be more comfortable right now.
Dean shakes his head and stabs a piece of egg with his fork. "Yeah, I'm good. Just zoned out is all. This is seriously good, dude."
Dean walks up to the counter and smiles at the pretty lady working the register. She looks about twenty-something, probably older than him. Her long blonde hair and curvy figure match her cheerleader look. He smiles and says, "Hi there. Aside from being pretty, what do you do for a living?"
"I guess..." Thoughts race through his mind and his heart beats uncertainly, but he tries to remain calm. It can't be that bad. Hopefully. Cas grabs his hand and Dean looks down at it, trying to calm himself down. "We will talk about it, Dean, I promise. It's just a big conversation to have in the middle of the night."
"What do you mean?"
he is in public!
Dean held Cas's hand and led him through the main part of the space. Cas was staring all around, seemingly not understanding. "Dean, what is this?"
Dean adjusts his tie for the 47th time in the mirror as he thinks back to that first night. He'd been enraptured with Cas even then. Cas had slept in his bed that night, and every night after that, incidentally. At first, it was just comfort. Then friends. After three months, they became lovers. After two years, they were engaged. And now, three years after that first night, Dean's about to marry the love of his life. His phone buzzes with a notification and he realizes he needs to put it on silent for the ceremony. His heart starts beating wildly like it only does for Cas when he realizes it's from his soon to be husband.
He had been telling the truth. Dean always knowing what he was feeling was a little disturbing. Dean had all the upper hands here. He held all the cards. The power imbalance was ridiculous. But unavoidable. So Castiel would just have to come to terms with it. So all he had to do now was explain it to him, which might prove complicated seeing as Dean was so... angry? Angry because he was hurt, Castiel was guessing. They pulled into a parking spot and Dean had the key out of the ignition and was outside shutting the driver's side door before Castiel could blink. He stomped into the building, clearly going to the front desk. Castiel sat in the car and waited, not knowing what else to do. Should he follow Dean? Would Dean come and get him?
"Hey, are you okay?" Dean whispers, nudging him.
"I'm down for that." Dean grins at the easy conversation. In all his life, he's never had a relationship like he has with Cas. Even when they squabble or irritate each other, it's still just easy.
Rubbing a hand over his eyes he groans frustratedly. He can't force Dean to talk to him. That's not okay to do, not as a Dom or a partner.
Cas mumbled something unintelligible and burrowed further into his pillow. Dean chuckled. He shuffled closer to Cas and leaned over his head to whisper in his ear.
"Green, Sir," Is the prompt reply, and Castiel smiles. He wipes his hand off on his pants and grabs the vibrating dildo, and proceeds to drizzle lube on it. It's seven inches long and thick. Castiel originally bought it because it's close to his own size, and he has a feeling Dean will appreciate that. It's perfectly suited to his purposes today. When the tip presses against Dean's rim, he gasps, "Sir!"
Dean's naked, kneeling on the padded floor of the playroom with his head bowed, his knees spread, and his hands clasped behind his back. His breathing is a little fast. He's anxious, but thankfully the sound is muted in the empty room. Cas told him to come down here, to strip and kneel, and wait for him. And Dean's going to be good. He knows Cas has been planning this all week, and he's very excited. He's hoping it's something like what they talked about the other day. Dean takes a deep breath and tries to center himself.
"Yes! Yes, fuck yeah! I love it, Sir! Please." Dean pleads as Cas genuinely starts nudging Dean's prostate on every single thrust.
' and Dean shivers involuntarily. A fingertip traces its way over his collarbone and down the planes of his chest. It's such a light touch. It almost fucking tickles and Dean simultaneously hates it and loves it. He wishes Cas would actually touch him. Fuck. The fingertip skates over his cock, starting at the base and trailing its delicate touch over his sensitive skin, setting his nerves on fire, his whole body calling for more stimulation. He forces himself to take a deep breath and not move under Cas's torture. Then Cas starts talking and
The words rise in his brain and Dean is moving before he can even process that his feet are unplanted. John lands a second punch, but Dean leaps. He connects with Dad's meaty shoulder and pushes him off Cas. They both go flying into the concrete. Dean doesn't even feel it. He scrambles up and rushes John, but John was ready for him. He kicks Dean away before he can get close. Dean lands on his hip and he yelps, then he's being pulled up by the lapels of his jacket. Dad's sour breath rushes over his face and Dean turns away. "You're disgusting!" John yells, spewing more of his whiskey-soaked breath into Dean's face.
"Why don't you take it off me, baby boy?" Cas quips back, and Dean has zero hesitation. Dean leans forward, pulling off Cas's cock to do so, and drags the hem of Cas's shirt up over his chest and around his head, and finally throws it onto the floor. All of a sudden, Cas chuckles, and then he's pitched forward when he grabs Dean's hips and slams inside of him, pounding Dean with his length. Dean moans and has to catch himself on the bed so that he doesn't fall onto Cas as he starts to pound into Dean.
"Nope." Too late, Dean realizes that the lie would have been a perfect out. Sam might've bitched at him for working too hard, but he would've had a reasonable excuse.
After the shower, Dean is out of energy. He goes to lay down and passes out almost immediately. He’s kind of surprised he even made it under the covers.
"Bad-man happened today."
Cas’s eyes widen and Dean can tell that he’s thinking about it.
"I don't... I don't know. I just wasn't sure if the scene was okay for you. I know I messed up a few times. I just didn't - d-didn't want - fuck." Dean curses and clamps his lips together. Cas looks down at him, and Dean mentally cusses his thick, stupid tongue. Why can't he just say what he means? And Cas, fucking
"We need to talk, Dean."
"Oh, sweetheart, you're fun to play with." His tone was making Castiel angry. He was not some toy who could be used at his whim and controlled by his ego. He was his own person and he was in control of his life. Not Dean. "Let go of me." He rumbled and Dean just smiled and pressed closer. "Why are you fighting me, Cas?"
"Perhaps a new position then, if you're uncomfortable with this one? I believe I have an excellent suggestion or two." Then Cas frikken winks at him and goes and makes Dean laugh. Wow. He didn't figure this would be how his first time turned out, but it's great.
He gestures at the door that Dean ran into and Castiel shakes his head. "I don't think so."
but I wanna try it. Like, full-time, 24-hour sub, like how you were with the other ones. I wanna see what it's like."
"Yeah. Yeah, it's fine. Are you some sort of sex god or something?" That makes Cas laugh, and the sound echoes through Dean's bones with whiskey warmth.
"Fuck, yes! Yes, I understand, Sir." He cries. Cas rolls his hips in just that way, and suddenly there's a thumb pressing against his taint, matching his dick thrust for thrust, and it sends Dean straight over the blinding edge of oblivion.
"Go back to bed?" Cas offers hopefully and Dean laughs.
He saws in and out of Dean's hole almost lazily through his orgasm, and as he comes down from his orgasmic high. Dean's whimpering with every thrust. He's so sensitive. He makes a loud noise apparently because Cas starts shushing him again.
Castiel sighs and rubs a hand through Dean's hair, "I know. Hopefully, it won't take long. I don't think Dean's really in a condition to talk to them."
His phone rings shrilly, making him jump. Dean answers it tiredly. He doesn't feel like talking, but he wants to hear Cas's voice.
"Why?"
"Really, Squirrel? You're throwing ME out over Blue Eyes here?" Crowley turned his eyes to Cas and stared. "My, he is gorgeous though. Aren't you, Blue Eyes?" Dean growled and roared, "Out!"
"Uh... Okay." Dean's kind of weirded out by a Cas that's willing to eat unhealthy food that doesn't have homegrown vegetables on it but hey, he's not going to complain. They've basically cleared up anyway; already loading up the car with the booth taken down and cleaned. They sold nearly all the produce they had over the course of the day, all that's left is some lonely cucumbers and a few melons. The sun is leaving the sprawling parking lot a mess of orange and purple shadows, deep twisting twilight stripes from the light poles. He likes it.
Dean smirked. "Something like that."
"Please, Cas. I want you in me. Fuck! I want you to fuck me. Touch me. Anything! Please, Cas? Please?" Dean's begging now but he can't help it. He just wants. Cas hums low in his throat and moves until he's straddling Dean's thighs, his legs on either side of Dean's hips. Dean wriggles and laments this since that means he's not getting anything in his ass right now, or maybe anytime soon. Cas settles his weight against him and Dean feels fingertips brushing lightly over the jut of his hip bone.
Castiel raises up on shaky knees and almost whimpers at the loss of Dean’s digits inside him. He feels empty and he hates it.
. Which is thirty more minutes than it should've but today just isn't his day.
the room had been built for. Now he's worrying himself to death over the same person.
His hands come back to rub circles against Dean's bare hip bones, and he has to resist the urge to grind against his thumbs. "I wanted you to do it, Sir. It feels so much better when you do it. And... And I know you like it. I wanted this to be good for you too."
"Yeah, Cas. Mate. The uh... I guess we should say, willing, exchange of blood, and uh, with intent, has a meaning to it. The bite... it's a claim. A mark. A brand, almost. You're mine. No one else's. If another vamp even so much as looks at you with my mark on you, they're toast." Dean spoke vehemently and Castiel felt a little surge of gratitude and something else indescribable shoot through him. Dean wanted him. Someone actually wanted him. That was a first. And a pleasant one at that. Castiel liked it. He wasn't sure how he felt about belonging to anyone, but still... the point stood. "And... omega?"
"Christ," He mumbles, looking over at Benny, who's nodding in agreement. The clients are standing behind Benny as Dean inspects the vehicle. Their names are Mr. and Mrs. Zhegorski or something, he thinks that's it, but he's not entirely sure. They're a wealthy-looking couple, and they seem nice enough. The woman is a little too snobby. She looks around the garage and draws her purse closer to her, her upper lip curling in a bit of disgust.
Dean comes home still elated. He's tired but excited at the prospect of working on the ZL - 1. Dean still can't believe it. He drops his coat and keys on the table by the door and walks to his kitchen, only flipping on a light when he gets there. Dean roots around in the fridge for a beer. By the time he's cracking it open, the phone's ringing in his ear. He's calling Cas. It picks up after three rings.
Dean lied in the twilight sunrise of his bedroom, the morning sun filtering in through dark curtains. It filled the room with umber-tinged shadows, with an occasional gold bolt of light splashed across the walls. A stream of sunlight was landing on his hand, and he had it raised off his chest, admiring it. Not his hand, or even the light per se, but the glinting silver band on his finger. The sunlight made it shine and wink at him, and it still looked a little strange amongst his scars. He'd never get tired of looking at it though.
Another head shake.
An accidental whine falls from Dean's lips. Cas is so authoritative, even over a text. Dean could easily imagine it being Cas's voice telling, no,
"Alright, Dean. Alright. Let's play. Stand up and strip. I'm going to as well. I want to see you." Dean complies immediately, standing up by the table. Cas stands too and pulls off his shirt before looking at Dean expectantly. Dean had lost his flannel sometime earlier, and now he grasps the hem of his shirt and pulls it up over his head, pecs flexing. Cas stares at him with open lust, a wolfish grin on his face.
Their wedding was a small gathering of hunters and family. It was intimate all in tealights, and flowers, with sunbeams streaming through the windows. They both wore tuxes and a minister told them to kiss - the room erupted into applause but Dean heard nothing. He was too busy staring into Cas's eyes.
He starts spurting cum all over his stomach as Cas starts twitching inside him, moaning through his own release, hand never ceasing on Dean's cock. He sees stars and colors erupt in the blindfold as he spasms in his binds and tries to take notice of the way Cas feels cumming in his ass, marking him up, but his mind is a million miles high. It's all sensation.
Castiel takes a deep breath, Dean's weight moving with him. He honestly doesn't know how to answer. "Partially, I suppose. I didn't originally intend to come here. There actually is a problem with my car-"
"Am I supposed to submit to you? Is that what this is?" Dean looked a little miffed at the idea and stood, running his hands through his hair. "No, Cas. Damn, this is complicated. It's not about that. It's about... Fuck. You belonging to me, in a sense. It means no one else can touch you. You're basically wearing a sign that says 'Dean's.' You're protected. Dammit, I just- Cas, you wanna be my mate?" He just suddenly threw his arms out and exclaimed a little too loudly and Castiel suddenly knew he was nervous that he was going to be rejected, as ludicrous as that was. Dean was a very powerful vampire, who would've known he would be insecure?
"Hush. I know what you need. And I will give it to you. When I decide to. You trust me don't you, baby boy?" Dean looks up at him with big, pleading eyes.
Dean really wanted to turn around right now and go kill Toady and Naomi, but the situation took over Dean's mind before bloodlust could really set in. "Cas, you don't -  I mean - know all that. You just met me."
"Alright. I'm moving." He groans as he gets up and goes to grab a wet washcloth from the bathroom. He wipes himself down as quickly as he can. He walks back to the bedroom and grabs his phone off the bed before pulling the sheet off and throwing the pillows back on. "You still there?"
Dean whimpers quietly, unconsciously rolling his hips against Cas. He tries to stop, he does, but he’s
Castiel thinks with a grin and leans forward to catch Dean’s bottom lip with his teeth. The change in position forces the speed to slow, but the long slide of Dean’s cock is so much better now. He nips gently at Dean’s gasping mouth until he moves on to his neck. He begins to suck at his pulse point and up towards his jaw, leaving a wake of little hickeys behind.
"So, what? You've always had a thing about bees?"
"Yes, sir!"
Dean's whole body shivers with Cas's words, and he thinks he might explode. "Yes, Sir! Wanna cum, ahh! Wanna cum on you. Please? Can I?"
"Eh, nothing. Just things on my mind. So man, uh, probably should've asked this way earlier, but you're single, right? No boyfriend is gonna come to try to gank me or anything?"
And they judge him.
"It excites you. The thrill of it. You're scared, and you like being that way. A trust thing, I guess."
"No. I mean, yeah, that too, but no. For last night. It was awesome. And this morning too. Thank you." Cas's eyes got all squinty, and he's staring at Dean, the foot and half of space between them suddenly didn't seem like enough. "Why are you thanking me?"
Three. If Dean asked, then he’s feeling it too.
They kiss, and Cas drives away, leaving Dean standing in his driveway next to the Impala. It's an eerie feeling, so he leaves quickly and heads for the pharmacy. He'd called in the prescription earlier but they said it'd be a wait. The pharmacist is a bit more judgemental than he'd like, but Dean manages to get out of the CVS mostly unscathed and thanking God that he has insurance. The American healthcare system can go fuck itself, in his humble opinion.
"Fuck," Dean mumbles under his breath. Cas plucked that right out of his head. Dean likes to be called that. Then Dean's mouth is assaulted by plush lips and a warm, wet tongue plunging into his mouth, stroking nerves across the roof of his mouth Dean didn't know he had. He responds enthusiastically, twining his tongue around Cas's, thrusting it into his mouth in a cheap imitation of sex until Cas's palm slides over his throat, clamping lightly and he pulls away. "No, no, baby boy. I don't think so. You're going to take what I give you, you understand?" Fuck, his best friend is hot. Dean nods mutely, astounded. He didn't know Cas had it in him to be so domineering... so perfect. Damn.
"Holy shit, Sir." Dean mumbles, opening his eyes further to look up at Castiel. He has a wicked idea, and he made Dean cum on his stomach for a reason.
"Yeah, like what?"
Cas arches an eyebrow at him, lips quirked up in a half-smirk, "Is that so?" Cas grabs his hips and pulls him closer. Dean looks up at him and smiles.
"I will wait for you to try."
That makes Dean laugh out loud. He has a feeling Cas really could be a bastard if he wanted to be.
Castiel leans forward and glides his tongue along the shell of Dean's ear, "I'm sorry, Kitten." Dean inhales sharply. "I'll be more gentle next time."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't mean like, indefinitely. But I wanna try it at least once. If you're willing?" Dean's voice lifts, clearly turning it into a question. A hopeful question. Castiel is at a standstill.
“Oh god, Dean!” Castiel cries out, tension ratcheting up even higher. Needy whines begin to fall from Castiel’s lips as he tries to hold out. Pleasure is spreading through him as a white heat, making him all too aware of how hot it is in the small room. They’re both dripping with sweat now, flushed, and breathing raggedly. Skin slaps against skin, the soundtrack to them both losing everything in each other. The heat is coiling in his belly like a fire ready to bring the roof down, and he knows it’s going to be over soon. The tension is already starting to peak, his balls tightening, and that liquid heat spreading through him.
"I'm - I didn't mean to push you into that if it isn't what you wanted. I mean, I did, but not like that - if-"
"You'll never come near Dean again, do you understand me? You wouldn't survive it a second time."
"Okay. How often have you been bothered that you have little interest or pleasure in doing things?"
"Yeah. I'm a hunter, Cas."
Dean shouldn't be surprised. Cas is thorough when it comes to his safety. Regardless, he does take a minute to think about it. It doesn't take long. He does want to try this. This whole thing interests him, and it excites him beyond what should be reasonable. But yeah. He wants to try this with Cas.
"Hmm," Cas hums, looking thoughtful. "My boy snuck away and cleaned himself up, did he? Did you do that for me?"At Dean's nod, he continues, fingering the waistband of Dean's panties. "And these? Are these for me too?"
, Cas has a type, and Dean's not so sure how he feels about it. He never really thought of himself as a twink, but compared to Cas, he guesses that he kind of is. Cas is more muscular than him. And certainly more imposing. He's also twelve years older and light-years more experienced. Dean's not small, but he's a wisp compared to Cas.
No warnings but there be a wee bit of angst ahead.  A/N at the end!
Sam looks uncomfortable but he smiles sadly, "You'll take care of him, won't you? I mean, you know, long-term?"
"What?" Dean asks with a weary sigh.
D: not yet
"You're welcome, babe."
"Okay then."
“I know, angel. It’s okay. I’ll take care of you.”
He really should try to take better care of himself. Look at Cas, for Christ's sake, he's thirty-four and in excellent shape, physically and emotionally. He's like the most stable person Dean's ever met, which is the weirdest match for the emotional storm that he is. But he guesses it makes sense. What withstands storms? Rocks. Steady, immovable boulders. Dean rolls his eyes at himself and mentally groans. Did he seriously just compare Cas to an actual rock?
"You know the best part about this vibrator I'm running over your cock? It has twenty different settings."
"No, actually. I started out as a sub."
, he thinks wickedly with a bright smile. He pulls the plug almost out, rubbing the tip around Dean's clenching rim. He angles it towards Dean's naval and slides it back in torturously slow, holding the buzzing device against Dean's prostate. His cock is practically weeping at this point, but Castiel doesn't stop jerking him off. If anything, he slows down and starts making Dean really feel it. Lord, he loves this.
Dean’s voice is sad, but Castiel can hear the small smile gracing his lips,
"What?" He whispers. "I love you," Cas says again, nuzzling his nose against the back of Dean's head and Dean closes his eyes, reveling in the feeling.
"Cas!"
After a week in Sioux Falls, Dean bids his goodbyes and hits the road back to Kansas. Seven days of relaxation and quiet have been amazing, and Jody and Donna have been more than kind about his situation. It’s a melancholy goodbye, but Dean needs to get back.
"That's good, baby."
Cas smiles at him as Dean pulls himself out of the memory. "How 'bout you, Casanova? Who was your first kiss?"
Dean latches onto the first syllable, though, and manages to get his thick tongue to form words, "Hiya, Cas. I'm Dean. Nice to meetcha."
"It's really a conversation for the morning, Dean."
"Yes, bel-baby boy?"
He's not sure how he'd feel about saying daddy during sex. He has daddy issues. It'd be a little weird, if not a lot.
Dean's pretty sure that time didn't stop because he could feel all the blood rushing through his body and the way he could feel his heartbeat pounding in his ears made him dizzy. He could feel every exhale of Cas's breath on his face and when he kissed him, the soft press of his lips felt like everything. So no, he's pretty sure time didn't stop, but it was a fucking awesome moment. One that he's still thinking about hours later. He can barely believe it. He loves Cas. It's not that hard to admit. It seems so natural. It's like they've always been this way, or it was always meant to be this way. He doesn't understand a single bit of it, but like he's always said, people are crazy.
He likes the way Dean is looking at his home. He seems surprised by it if anything. Perhaps he was expecting a dungeon. That makes Castiel laugh. Dean looks at him with amusement.
"Are you ready for this? Honestly, I mean. I don't want an answer based on what you think I want."
"I crushed it then threw it away. Nobody will be tracking that."
worth the calories he'll have to burn later. Dean looks at him with narrowed eyes, chewing slowly, "You're surprisingly into this."
Castiel nods and smiles like he has some idea of what Benny's talking about, but he doesn't.
Dean keens and has to pull off Cas's spit-shiny cock and throw his head back with a moan, rocking his hips back against Cas's face, which lasts all of two seconds before iron hands and steel fingers clamp down on his hips and make him still.
“Hello Dean.”
Dean strides into the coffee shop with a confident air. Not cocky, but bright and happy. He's feeling good today. It's showing in the bounce in his walk and the smile on his face. It's just been a great day so far. Hopefully, it'll continue that way. Good days are few and far between, so he's going to milk this
He points to a flower pattern on the inside of the lapel and Dean can't argue with that one. They keep trying more on, but every one of them is a no go. Dean is about to give up when he decides to walk back to the beginning of the aisle just in case he missed something.
"Add that to the bucket list," Dean mumbles and Cas says, "What?"
Dean looks over at Cas and shrugs, then looks to the trees. "It seemed like the thing to do."
As she leads them into a small hallway away from the waiting room, the pit in his stomach grows. He drags the back of his hand across his forehead, grimacing at the slime of nervous sweat. He wipes it on his jeans and grimaces. "Oh, I'm fine. How are you?"
Castiel groans and rocks back against Dean’s fingers. His beautiful subby boy doesn’t know what to do and Castiel has to think now. “Kitten, do you remember how I told you to find the prostate?”
He's not sure how he feels about that besides being pleased. Perhaps he should be scared, or at least cautious, but he can't find it in him to be either of those things. He's merely happy. Dean is so unlike anyone he's ever met. Castiel is unsure of how to deal with that, but it's alright. He's willing to go along with it and see where it leads. He hopes it doesn't end in hurt for either of them. Because if Castiel's being honest, he's already in deep, and he knows it.
“Hmm,” Dean wraps his arm around Cas’s side, “Now that’s an idea. Maybe you could be the bossy bottom today.”
Thanks for reading!
They start eating in relative quiet except for the clinking of silverware and the sound of birds outside. It's another comfortable silence, and Dean finds himself thinking about how often that happens to him. How often is he comfortable enough with someone to where he doesn't feel the need to fill the silence with chatter or jokes? Never. The only person he's ever this quiet with is Sam, and that's his baby brother, who he's known his entire life.
Music was the life force that ran the Quarter and many different kinds pumped from different stores and restaurants, it never ceased. It was one of the small blessings that made Castiel's life bearable. No matter where he was in New Orleans those wonderful sounds reminded him that there was life outside of his and that people were actually happy and living their lives like he would be able to one day. Maybe. If he could ever escape the iron grip of his tyrannical, abusive stepfather, and cruel mother. Shaking his head to dispel the dark thoughts he focused his mind on only the sounds of the busy street, completely ignoring Zachariah's incessantly grating voice in front of him.
"If he does I will kill him. He's not going to get close to you again. Nobody is. You're mine, Castiel. Nobody's going to hurt you again." He felt Cas smile against him and press closer to him for a moment. The motel room didn't have any kind of airflow so they had the air conditioner on and a blanket around them to keep Cas comfortable. The temperature didn't really affect him.
Dean laid his phone back on the nightstand without jostling Cas but when he turned back a pair of sleepy blue eyes were looking up at him. Dean smelled something almost acrid on the air and worry pitted itself in his stomach. "What's wrong?" He asked quietly. Cas closed his eyes momentarily before replying. "I'm sorry, Dean. About what I said. It was untrue and unfair."
"Well, yes. I told you, we're close friends."
"Okay."
"Really? Yes?"
"Well, it's settled then. Sam can track the number. If it is John, then we'll deal with that. If it wasn't, we'll contact the police and report a break-in. Does that work for everyone?"
Dean does with no hesitation. Cas moves away from him, but Dean stays where he is. Despite what Cas said, Dean doesn't want to do anything wrong. He assumes it's a drawer that he hears open, then close. Cas is back standing in front of him.
an extra five hundred dollars in it? What gives? Dean never gets this lucky. This is like dingo-ate-my-baby crazy and Dean doesn't have the first clue as to how to wrap his head around this. Maybe the person is just really nice, or maybe they liked the way he looked in his driver's license pic, which is hot in his opinion. Dean stands there for a minute, dumbly holding his wallet in his hand and staring at the piece of paper like it holds all the secrets of the universe. Someone actually helped him. And they didn't expect anything back, hadn't asked for anything, or mentioned it was a bother to return it. If anything there's a dry, witty humor running through the note. They wished him comfort. Dean doesn't know how to deal with that. His family is more than willing to help but he'd never ask Ash or Charlie for anything like this. They don't even know how bad it really is. And Bobby's literally taken Sam in and given him a roof over his head while Dean's struggling to keep his head above water. A soft voice by his side interrupts his thoughts.
"It's hard to explain. Can it wait, please? Until we've both had more sleep?"
As amazing as it is to work on a legend, he'd still take his Baby over the Z any day. An engine roars outside and he looks up, that sounds familiar doesn't it? Dean shakes his head. It doesn't matter. Bobbing his head to the music, he thinks. The fact that his doctor's appointment is tomorrow is nearly enough to make him sick. He truly doesn't want to go, but he knows he needs to. Hopefully, Dr. Bradbury will be cool and not some stuffy know-it-all.
~Dean~
"You're perfect you know that, Cas?"
Thank Chuck for that.
"I better not see you here again," He says.
He's never been much of a believer in fate or destiny or any of that other crap that fake psychics on TV sell, but he knows what he's feeling, and maybe this was just supposed to happen. Maybe Dad does know about Cas, and hell, if he does that much the better. Emotionally, Dean's a wreck when it comes to his father, but he has no hold over him in any other way. Dean rents his house out of his pocket, and his business is split evenly between him and Benny, and his dad can't touch that. One of the only things he can use against Dean, besides the usual emotional blows, is Sam.
~Dean POV~
Cas grabs his wrist and pulls his hand away with a growl. "Unless you want to be late for work I would suggest you stop teasing me. I have no qualms about
In the movies, this would be when the boyfriend interrupts the rambling girl and cuts them off, telling them they're not going to be bad at it, or whatever. But not Cas. Thank God, not Cas. He's listening, hearing Dean's concerns.
"Yeah?"
"Are you okay?"
With all the strength he could muster he pushed Dean way. Which wasn't a lot, and it wasn't very effective, but Dean did stumble back so he counted it as a plus. Castiel's eyes were beginning to adjust to the darkness and he could see the vaguest outline of Dean's profile. It was more like just moving darkness, but he could almost tell where he was. Dean's sharp intake of breath alerted him that he had actually surprised Dean by doing that. At least he could still do that. Not that it mattered. Before Castiel could take another breath Castiel was forced up against the hard door, Dean's frame trapping Castiel between the door and him. Castiel's arms were pinned on the side of the door by Dean's hands. Hot breath puffed against his skin and he could just barely see the glinting of Dean's green eyes in the heavy blackness. Dean leaned in and scented Castiel quite obviously, right above the mark that he had left with his teeth, and Castiel had to stifle a whimper. Dean breathed in deeply then moved his head back to look Castiel in the eye.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, and a tear falls from his left one when he does. Blindly, he gropes for Castiel, who lets his elbow fall until he's lying on the bed completely. Dean grabs the collar of Castiel's t-shirt and pulls him closer. Dean rolls forward and nestles himself into a space in front of him, burying his face in Castiel's chest. He's trembling. Castiel scoops his arm underneath Dean's shoulder and rolls onto his back, bringing Dean with him and wrapping his arms around him, cradling him to his chest. He strokes a hand through Dean's hair.
Sam just laughs, "No promises." And he walks out.
"Alright Dean, left leg up, bend your knee."
Dean chuckles and says, "Come on, Cas, I'm serious."
"The cops are on their way. You know they're going to want statements from all of us."
Castiel's mind feels blank and hot. Does Dean want to enter into a
Was it supposed to be this easy? A conversation and everything’s fixed? Castiel didn’t think so, but he wasn’t going to argue with it. The little bird of hope was flying again and he would do anything to keep it that way. Maybe things really can be glued back together so easily.
Dean is beautiful, all tied up for him. Splayed and open and ready to be pleasured. To be
"You deserve to be cherished." Cas whispered against his lips, "Worshipped."
"Are you allergic?"
Sam nods, "Yeah. Definitely."
"Blood bags? Are you- Do you steal donated blood?" Dean shot Castiel a flat look because his voice was so incredulous.
"Well, yeah. I think I have an idea why you're called that."
"Why not?"
"Alright, Dean. Is there anything you want?"
Dean nods, but he doesn't know what to say. She did seem kind, but that doesn't make him feel any better. He used to be better at things like this. It would've been better if he'd had time to mentally prepare, but with everything that had happened last night, they'd been rushing to get out the door this morning.
Silence falls, and Dean's entire face heats up as all the blood in his body feels like it rushes to his head in light of the adrenaline rush. He shakes his head and pulls free of Sam's grip.
"You're doing so good for me, you know that? You're lovely like this."
What? Dean's not... This just happens sometimes. It's not... Maybe it's caused by the same thing? He gets depressive episodes sometimes. Is this kind of like that? Dean knows that if he stays happy for too long, he usually goes through a low period, but that's just how he is. He hasn't thought about it in detail. Dean always chalked it up to hormones. He guesses that's what it technically is anyway. Dean's so stupid. He should've realized that. Cas wasn't even here and figured it out just from him texting.
"Sort of. Our uncle Bobby left it to me and my little brother Sammy, but he didn't have any interest in it. My friend Benny helps me out, but it's mostly his now, honestly."
"Being a vampire." Dean really didn't know how to answer that.
angry.
Castiel likes Dean immensely. As of right now, Dean is napping on the couch with a Die Hard movie playing in the background. He'd gotten sleepy after enticing Castiel into another round of vigorous sex on his kitchen counter. Which while that had been amazing, he needs to take a break. Dean's already going to be very sore. But he's insatiable. Castiel is going to have to lay down a few rules if that continues. He can't have Dean being injured on his account. Castiel wants to get Dean a collar, but he needs to discuss it with him first.
"Did something happen? Did you have more nightmares?"
Dean finds himself grinning at C's letter. This guy is funny in a dry, witty sort of way. He sent a shit ton of books for Sam, which is awesome. There were even a few Vonnegut so Dean will probably end up jacking those if he can ever find time to read them.
Dean nods, "Yeah. I have some stuff to do at home anyway. Be safe, babe."
"I want you to warm my cock. No sucking, no licking, no getting me hard. I don't want you to touch yourself. If you can behave I'll touch you plenty. How does that sound?" Dean nods again, his body twitching but calming now. Castiel removes his hand from Dean's mouth and encourages him to sit up wordlessly. Castiel shucks his pants off, laying them on the coffee table. He's not wearing underwear, having gone commando this morning, and he laughs at Dean's widened eyes. He sits back against the couch, sitting in his previous position.
"Not necessarily. Dean, may I ask what the sudden interest in all of this is? You've never seemed so curious about it."
“We don’t have to if you don’t want to. I’m not talking about subbing, just
In a huff, Castiel pushes off the bed and storms up the stairs. Being down there obviously wasn't going to help. He slams the door shut and heads out his back door towards his hives. They've always served to calm him down when he needs it. As he approaches the boxes, the buzzing intensifies and swells until he can't hear anything else. It seems to fill him up, and he can finally breathe. Castiel steps up towards one of the boxes and collapses into the grass beside it.
The voice in his head whispers, but he doesn’t believe it. Sometimes, it feels as if he’s ancient and is observing humanity from some high perch. The differences in his and Dean’s language is one of the biggest factors. They’re part of the same generation, but the gap is more than obvious sometimes when Dean mentions something and Castiel has no idea what he’s talking about. He supposes he should know who Tony Hawk is, but Dean had to explain it to him. It’s not a big thing, but he realizes now that it did bother him.
Dean places his hands on Cas's shoulders as his hands come to rest on Dean's hips. "Yes, Sir. I'm very clean. I wanted to surprise you."
As it is, Dean’s having a hard time keeping up with what Sam’s saying right now. He takes a sip of his scalding coffee and struggles to tune in.
"Nah, we're just gonna take a look around if that's all right." Dean flashes her a bright smile and she doesn't even blush. She's probably used to the routine. "Of course. We're having a sale on shoes if you're interested, buy one get a pair free. They're in the back by the tv's if you want to check it out."
"Uh, no. I don't get groped in public a lot. But uh... I'm down for more of it if it's with you." Dean is glad he's able to say that with confidence and not let the blush that's creeping up his neck show on his face.
"Green. Verdant green." There's silence, an ominous silence. Not even breathing is coming through. He can't help the worry. "Dean, are you there?" No answer.
"The hives are responding well to the new addition, I imagine we might see an increase in honey production up to three percent. Tell Saman it was an excellent idea," Castiel twiddles his pen back in forth between his fingers while looking around his office as he listens to Meg chat breezily on the other side of the line. He's enjoyed the time but he needs to get off the phone now, he has things to do. He listens for another moment or two before wrapping up.
"Yes."
"Would you like anything from your bag?" Castiel asks softly, bending at the waist so he can kiss Dean softly. When he pulls away, Dean murmurs, "Just want you. Please?"
"I'm not delicate."
His eyes refuse to open, but he doesn’t care. Dean’s surrounded by warmth and comfort, and he can feel arms wrapped around him. Deep breath... It's Cas.  He’s holding him. A small smile graces his lips as he feels Cas kiss his forehead, and Dean stirs a little, wincing at the soreness in his muscles, which aren’t bound any longer. He barely remembers the aftermath. Cas got him down; Dean was shaking and shivering with the cold of the sweat drying on his skin, and he remembers not being able to stop the whimpering. It just kept happening. They kept escaping with every jostle of his body and every movement. He should feel embarrassed about that. Dean thinks back to the orgasm he had, about what he experienced being in full submission like that to Cas.
"I know you are. I love listening to it. I'm going to give you what you want, baby boy. Patience is a virtue."
"I know you can take it, baby boy. Lie still. I won't repeat myself. Disobey and I'll throw you over my lap and turn your ass cheeks cherry red like you've fantasized about."
Everything has been hurting. Just aching inside and Castiel hates it. His life used to be so simple. Now everything was complicated and painful. He loves Dean, he does, but Castiel can’t handle this right now. Everything about their relationship is so incredibly mercurial. Every time someone sets a boundary or makes a rule it gets broken, or ignored, or pushed past. They’re so wrapped up in each other that they forget the real world. Castiel’s fallen behind in his work, so has Dean. They’ve both put off chores, and responsibilities for more time with each other. In a perfect world, that’d be fine, but Castiel can’t let his life fall apart over one person. Nothing ever stays the same with them and Castiel can’t handle all of the emotional fallout every time. They’re too new to be going through things like this. Everything’s been so shitty and hard since John came into the picture. Before that… Before that, it was perfect.
"Remember, Dean, this is about pleasure. It's exploration and discovery and joy. Tell me what made you hesitate."
"Did you sleep well?" Castiel asks.
"Why?"
He was horrified. Why would someone like Cas- Fuck. Cas looked so damn apologetic it was ridiculous. "I'm sorry, Dean. I didn't mean to be this much trouble."
"You're a
"Excuse me, how much are these tomatas?"
Cas shakes his head, smiling, "You're not weird. You feel everything very strongly. In today's world, that is a mark of a brave person, rather than a weak one. I admire you, Dean."
"Well, yes. Not any time soon, but eventually? Only if you're interested, of course."
“Um, after you get off work is fine. I don’t have much going on today.” Besides needing to shower in the hottest water he can stand, shave, hunt down clean clothes, and find some food.
"Trust me, Dean. Use your hand."
"Yes. There were two before that that didn't work out. I had one scene with a man named Bartholomew, and we both agreed that it didn't click. The second was with a woman named Anna, and that was also a mutual agreement that neither of us was what the other was looking for. I had met Anna in the club and became a member, and through that, I met Cain. He was..." Cas smiles at the memory, eyes far away. "He was regal, almost. I was entirely surprised when he approached me at the bar. Not long after that, I found myself in his service. We've known each other for over a decade now."
B: So what're you planning to do with Hot Wings? Did you tell him you stalked him? Or about the intended mate?
He closed his eyes against the vision of his cracked white ceiling and tried to will away his problems. He hated being so weak. He should be better at this by now. He had always been a disappointment to Naomi and Zachariah, and even now after all these years, he still wished to please and earn their affection. He knew it was childish and that he was really just hiding, but still... He was scared of the outside world, as he called it. He knew nothing outside of the life he had grown up in. He had never even watched tv except for the few times his mother had been forced to take him to the doctor, or if they were consulting a family on a private church matter and they had had their television set on.
"No. Cas is fine. We'll talk about parameters later. Can you sit up for me?"
"I help run a machine shop."
Dean whimpers at the words without his own volition, but he doesn't care. He slides his finger down over his puckered hole, moving it in small circles while steadily adding more pressure. When his finger slips inside, he lets out a punched gasp, and he hears a quiet groan from the phone. Cas is touching himself too. Good.
"You're not messed up. You've been dealt a bad hand, is all. I promise I'll be here every step of the way to get you healthy and to where you want to be. If you want me to be, that is."
UnfortunatelyObsessed, I hope you're doing okay, hon. :) <3
if he had a kid, right?
"Are you going to change into the gown?"
"Dude, what? He looks like the stick up his ass is about the size of a telephone pole, but that's pretty much all I'm getting. Do you have a point here?" Benny chuckled lowly. "Yeah, I have a point. Use your nose, idiot." Dean rolled his eyes but did as he asked. He inhaled deeply once, twice, using his improved vampiric sense of smell to try to catch what Benny was talking about. Oh. Oh, that was interesting. Over the tangy smell of sweat and the stale scent of liquor and cheap lipsticks and perfumes of so many people, he smelled something sweet and delectable. What was that? It smelled like... Like thunderstorms, and... strawberries?
. And it is sexy.
Wow, this guy is just...
Castiel gives the other nipple the same treatment before pulling away, taking in the way Dean looks. He's flushed and panting, pink mouth open, eyes closed, and dick hard and leaking pre-cum into a puddle on his stomach. Castiel has a wet spot on his shirt from it. He pulls it off and throws it on the floor by Dean's clothes, and now they're both naked. "You may open your eyes."
“Cas?”
Benny leaned in close and whispered so lowly that Dean knew Cas couldn't hear. "You better tell him everything, boy. He deserves to know." Dean just nodded. "Yeah, yeah, I know. I will." He tacked on a mental 'eventually' to the end of that sentence which Benny seem to know about. But luckily he dropped it. Good. He clapped Benny on the shoulder as he stepped into the hallway. "Be careful, man. And let me know if you need me for something." Benny tipped his head. "Take care, brother." And he walked away at human speed down the hallway and onto the elevator. He stepped back and shut the door behind him, catching a scent on the air as he did. Castiel. He was... nervous maybe? It wasn't exactly fear, but something similar. He smelled delicious. He turned around and took in the scene for a moment. Cas was sitting on the bed, still as a statue in an uncomfortable posture. At least, it'd be uncomfortable to Dean. And he was staring at Dean almost without expression. Stoic. Maybe he's freaking out now?
With nobody in sight, he eases old Bessie up by the curb and turns the truck off, looking over at the house across the street. It's not bad. He could've done better, but Dean's made his choices.
Also, big thanks to utterxnfatuation because I was road-blocked on this fic until I came across some of their work. It's thanks to their poetic style that I was able to write this.
Dean shakes his head. "Nah, it's cool. Beyond cool. Just not something that happens every day, ya know?"
“I can do that. And, thanks for everything, Charlie.”
Dean exhales a shaky breath, “Me too. That’s, God, that would be everything. Could we… do that?”
Castiel doesn't have to ask what he's being thanked for. He puts his hand on Dean's cheek and kisses him soundly, slowly. "You're welcome."
"Dean, it's almost ten in the morning."
The edges of the lapels are a little worn, but it's nothing noticeable. Cas walks over and takes it from him, pulling it off the hanger. His face lights up with excitement and he slips it on in a hurry. The sides curve around him and fall across his muscled body in the most perfect way. It hangs to just above his knees, and the collar is properly turned down. The light tan is a nice contrast to the black henley Cas is wearing, and the buttons are all the right color!
Dean moans when the tip pops inside him, and Castiel smiles, trying to ignore the throbbing arousal in his pants. He gently starts to thrust it in and out of Dean's hole, slowly letting him take more and more of it, inch by inch. When it's pressed all the way inside him, Dean does a full-body shudder. "Oh, that feels so good, doesn't it, baby boy?"
"I'm Castiel. It's a pleasure to meet you."
you back inside and bending you over the nearest piece of furniture."
Dean's dropping. He's sure of it. Castiel is already on his way out the door when the next text comes in, which only cements his fear.
“Dean…” he gasped, his voice rough and deep.
"Um, who is this?" The woman gestures at Castiel with distaste written across her face and he looks at her with an arched brow and disgust.
Dean's not sure he has the emotional capacity to make this last. Relationships take work. They're all compromises and broken promises and crying.
"If I ever see you again, I'll kill you. Don't come near me, or Sam, anymore. You're the worst fucking person I've ever met, and you're nothing more than a sperm donor. You've never been a father." Dean rises and turns, walking away quickly.
Dean smiles and rolls his eyes, looking up at Castiel.
The waffles and sausage were still hot, so he was happy about that. He picked it up and carried it to the bedroom, happy to see Cas propped up on the pillows, rubbing his eyes sleepily. Dean placed the tray on the bed next to Cas's legs and went around the bed to sit next to him. They both dug in and Dean smiled at the happiness in Cas's eyes as he ate. They laughed and talked as they finished their food, and Dean's plan was going according to plan.
Castiel settles down at his desk and begins attempting to write. It's a piece for a magazine, but his focus is everywhere. He can't seem to get a single sentence down without his mind wandering off to some distant place. After forty-five minutes of endless backspacing and frustration, he gives up. He is never so distracted, but something's off today. Without thinking about it, he drags his cellphone out and presses two on the speed dial. It picks up after two rings.
When they get there, Cas sets Dean on the bed more gently than he expected and jerks his pants down, somehow making a graceless move look graceful. He's not sure whether he should be surprised or not that Cas is commando, but he likes it.
"Yeah, sorry." Sam casts Castiel a look before looking away, subtly eyeing Cain, who looks bemused at the situation.
"Cas, will you marry me?"
"Beyond green, Sir."
Dean hums the affirmative and turns his face so he can nuzzle against Cas's jaw. His stubble is rough on his nose, but with all the steam and maybe Dean's current mindset, it feels soft. I love this, Dean thinks.
After work, he drives home and showers. He manages a quick sandwich as he packs his bag. He had forgotten to make himself lunch before leaving for work this morning, so he's hungry as hell. Dean tosses his duffle bag into the backseat and begins the journey to Cas's.
"Dude, you're like twenty-four, why do you even care?"
"Pro- prostate." He whispers. Cas smiles against Dean's chest. "That's right. That's exactly right. You know the best thing about me doing this correctly?"
Dean's voice was suddenly worried. "Was that okay? I mean... I know we were talking, but when you called me 'Alpha' I just kind of lost it." This time it was Castiel's turn to chuckle. "Yes, Alpha. I enjoyed it immensely." Dean growled warningly and Castiel thrilled in it. "Best not do that unless you're looking for something. I don't have an issue with libido like you do, babe. Perks of the fang gang. Better keep that in mind." The thought was arousing, and exciting, and Castiel had a feeling he would be calling Dean 'Alpha' a lot in the future. "Mmm. I like that idea, Dean. I find it very... arousing."
