Sherlock got out his laptop and started to type at the table. John glanced up from his medical book to watch Sherlock. Sherlock opened his blog and began to type furiously, occasionally mumbling or glancing John’s way as if considering him like a particularly interesting mold growth. John got up and stumbled around the flat, making himself a cup of tea. He paused frequently to glance at Sherlock, who continued typing like a madman at the table for almost an hour.
“Shut up. I looked him up, happy? What did you deduce?”
Lestrade coughed loudly, and Sherlock looked up.
did I let you get my flat cleaned?” Sherlock repeated, leaning over to reach the mantelpiece and running his hands along the bottom of the mirror, before he climbed onto the opposite chair and started pulling more books off their shelves. “It’s bad enough when John and Mrs. Hudson take it upon themselves to clean things. It’s worse with professionals. There’s no dust. Everything important is gone with it. You can put back anything but dust. Dust is eloquent.”
His hands, clenched into fists in his lap where Mycroft couldn’t see them, twitched.
“If you please,” said the woman yet again, still holding the door open.
And Sherlock did not notice.
John’s thoughts were interrupted by a brisk knock on the door to the flat.
Also to give credit where it is very much due, thanks to some lovely transcripts (namely
With any luck, the next chapter will be along in timely fashion! AND FULL OF DRAMA AND TENSION AND MORE DRAMA
Sherlock and John spent the night in Mrs. Hudson’s living room, with John sleeping on the sofa and Sherlock curled up in a chair. When John woke the next morning, stretching stiffly and sitting up, he saw Sherlock had his knees drawn up to his chest and his laptop perched on top of them, a blanket (courtesy of Mrs. Hudson) draped over his shoulders, overall making him look like a puffed up and furious bird of prey glaring down at his laptop.
In many ways, the fact that John had known the sniper’s name changed almost nothing. It told them something about the sniper’s life before he and Moriarty had crossed paths, and it enabled some tentative deductions about the trajectory of their partnership, as well as the timeline. The connection between the sniper and John was (arguably) interesting on some level, but it didn’t change their path forward. The sniper still belonged to Moriarty. The sniper was still the instrument responsible for a handful of known murders and intimidations and attacks. The sniper was still just a loose end that they had managed to exploit, at great cost and risk. The sniper was still their only known means of finding Moriarty.
John looked up from his spot in the living room, where he was half asleep in a chair. “Sorry?” he said, blinking himself awake and getting to his feet.
“Plenty of people are unemployed.”
“You doing okay?” he asked.
“That’s a start,” said John. “Not to mention Molly can help if there’s anything chemical, or you can go to Bart’s yourself if you feel like getting out. Lestrade will back you up, if you need to interview anyone.”
For a moment, nothing happened. Then the door knob trembled and, slowly, began to turn.
“It’s good.” John sighed, and then the sigh turned into a yawn. It was almost four in the morning, and a cup of caffeinated black tea wasn’t enough to counteract the bone-deep exhaustion that followed being abducted, held hostage, and almost killed for the second time in less than fifteen weeks. “Think you’ll be able to sleep?” he asked.
When everyone had filed out, the inspector turned back to Sherlock. “Let’s just say I’m not so sure the explosion was an accident,” he said, as he led the way through the front hall and around the corner to the main staircase. At the stairs, he paused, eyes turning down to the floor, and Sherlock and John copied him.
“How about I patch him up?” said John, looking between the two of them. “I’m a doctor. I’m sure I can handle it.”
“So you shouldn’t be intimidated by death.”
“Obviously, but I’m not—
(See the end of the chapter for
?” Mycroft repeated.
The question of what to do next loomed next in his mind, and John had no answers. Fixing his shoulder was all he had thought of. He could read or explore, perhaps, but his curiosity was still gnawing at him, and John doubted he could settle down enough to scroll through the newsfeed on Sherlock’s laptop or sift through the papers scattered about the room.
,” said Sherlock seriously. “Something more than a simple terrorist sect in London or a particularly ambitious criminal. We’re dealing with a long-seated, growing web of crime. This Moriarty, whoever they are and however many they are, is like a great spider at the center of this vast web. And like a spider web, the strings are essentially invisible until it’s too late to get away.”
I mean, we all knew he'd come around, right? Right? With a little motivation from John and a few days of brotherly guilt.
Not to mention, it was a hazard. After all, a cab dropping him off somewhere might remember they’d seen him. It was bringing in another human element to the ‘heist’ he was about to pull, and if Sherlock knew one thing without a doubt, it was that the more people were involved in something, the more doomed the affair became.
THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE THE GOOD TIMELINE
Lestrade sighed. “Okay. Okay. Fine. Then who has the body?”
John nodded, and Sherlock continued, “But he had Shan killed
“I’m going to need verbal confirmation.”
“Honestly? I hate this,” said John flatly.
John just barely refrained from asking if that was also the reason why Sherlock was never straightforward with any of his explanations. “So then…?”
The effect of those four words from Watson was something like an electrical power surge in Sherlock's brain, the lights in the halls and corridors of his mind flickering and shorting with the sudden influx of input.
Tucked against the bottom step was a heavy black box. The lid was slightly raised, having already been opened, but otherwise the box looked utterly undisturbed, like it belonged there.
“Someone’s in here,” said Amberley suddenly. His eyes grew wide with terror.
But John understood. There was a pause, and then John nodded his head, so slowly and so slightly that it was almost unnoticeable.
This promised to be interesting, it really did.
Now for the continuation...
Sherlock knew. And he wasn't about to tell.
I’ve been waiting more than two years to write this part and dsjhbsdhsbhjsgd it has to be perfect
Sherlock waved the tiny piece of paper overhead in response, and dashed to the kitchen table. He snatched his copy of the
I'M SORRY I'M SLOW TRASH
to find him.”
“Wait!” said the driver, but there was a shift in his accent that made Sherlock stop dead in his tracks. “You dropped something.”
“Do you?” said Sherlock, glancing at him. “Go on, tell me what I’m going to do.”
"Oh Christ, I'm sorry," said Watson hurriedly, sitting up and waving his hands apologetically. "I'm so sorry, I was just - startled. Last thing I knew I was… hang on…" He looked down, at last seeming to register his situation. Sitting, in uniform, in a case clearly not intended for a living person. Not to mention in a room that was decidedly not in a war zone.
“Everything to do with John has been sealed,” said Sherlock furiously as he reached the inspector. “Everything. All of his records are now classified,
“It’s not hard for you! You and your massive head!” John retorted, sitting at the table across from Sherlock.
“Hello?” said John, looking pointlessly around the locker room, but his earpiece had gone silent.
“Photoshopped? And sick? Yes,” said John. “As scare tactics go, this really takes things to a whole new level.”
Sherlock’s eyes flickered in John’s direction, scrutinizing his face, his voice, his assertion, and he knew John was telling the truth.
“You’re sure?” Mycroft asked.
As previously stated, this chapter was really tricky for me. Lots of fun, but tricky. Plus, these chapters keep getting longer, and longer, and longer... Sorry?
Seven minutes, four seconds.
John laughed. “Right. I understand now.”
“He’s like you, with the detailed deductions out of almost no information, then?” said John.
They both started smiling.
“More or less,” said Moriarty, still smiling. “Make no mistake, Sherlock, I will kill you. Someday. But I don’t want to have to kill you
After a moment, she replaced her shoe and straightened. “I am here because I hope I can help
Listlessness settled in very quickly whenever he had the flat to himself; and although he wasn’t going to complain about it—after all, the need to lie low was perfectly apparent—he was, admittedly, running out of things to do in 221B. Before he’d been brought back to life, he’d felt busy every second of the day, with new demands and tasks and risks. Now, the danger might not have dissipated, but the urgency had. And ultimately he felt, more often than not, like he was waiting for the metaphorical other shoe to drop.
John smacked into the cabinet as he went down, the bedside lamp wobbling and toppling over as the nightstand shuddered with the impact. In a flurry of movement, John rolled over to push himself upright, but the body that had knocked him to the ground a few seconds before shifted as well to seize his shoulders and drag him back.
“She made a mistake. She was the leader of the Black Lotus; she made a call, and it resulted in the police tracking the Tong down and nearly capturing all of them. And her decision to kidnap me alerted us to Moriarty’s personal interest in me. Having Shan assassinated tells us that Moriarty doesn’t let the people close to him make mistakes that could put him at risk. He doesn’t believe in second chances.”
John sat in the living room, looking out of the window, for most the day, getting up once or twice to make a cup of tea. Every now and then, he would glance at Sherlock’s door, but the flat was silent.
AHH SHIT IT'S LESTRADE
“The real question now is, what’s our next move?” said Sherlock, thinking aloud more than anything else.
"I don't know," said Watson, his expression easily revealing his uncertainty as to how to get his words out. "It seemed like a good way to do it. You know. You shake hands when you thank people?"
Sherlock straightened and said nothing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think they’re
"Bollocks," said Watson flatly, and again Sherlock blinked in surprise. "There's nothing simple about it, it's genius. How'd you get something like that out of a few seconds of vague crap from me?"
“I am giving you an opportunity to unburden yourself,” said Mycroft. “I know you are lying, and I can tell you now, lies are not to your advantage here. Allow me to caution you. This is your last chance to make this easy.”
So, he lied. And for the next twenty-five years, six months, and several days following this realization, keeping secrets worked beautifully.
to be a story.”
John nodded.
“What a ridiculous thought.”
~o~O~o~
“Of course I’m sure,” said Sherlock in exasperation. “Why? Problem?”
“You would if you thought lives depended on it.”
John shook his head. “No.”
Lestrade stopped dead, and looked around. “What? What’s—“ But then he saw it too, and he frowned deeply. “What the…?”
killed you? I have no idea what you mean,” said Moran blandly.
"I - what—?" snapped Lestrade, as Molly let out a surprised giggle. The policeman blustered. "I have no idea what you're talking about, Sherlock, quit being… I mean… Right, thanks for your help, Molly."
“Death doesn’t disturb me.” Sherlock looked closely at John, expression inscrutable. “You’ve been with me for over a month and a half now. You’ve seen my methods; you know what I do. You know what I
He struggled again.
Hang in there, John... **ominous gesture**
But to John’s surprise, Sherlock said, “My brother is asking about you.”
John hesitated. “… Sherlock?”
“What’s happened?” asked Mycroft, his tone crisp and businesslike in a way that startled John, considering that Mycroft had just walked in on Sherlock pointing a gun at him while John stood there wearing a live bomb.
in her eyes. Sherlock took a breath as his heart sank low in his chest. “You think – he’s going to kill them. You. All of you.”
“A friend,” countered John.
“The boredom is suffocating,” said Sherlock wretchedly. The mere concept of waiting, even for just half a day until his Network fulfilled its promise of information. Children looking into a room of untouchable sweets and forbidden toys did not suffer like this.
turn to shut up,” interrupted John, pulling up the hood on his jacket, and without much at all in the way of warning, he stepped close to Sherlock’s side. “Arm over my shoulders,” he said. “Let’s go.”
EDIT: slight delay with the next chapter. Let's just say Mycroft has proved a complicated ass and some traveling has set me back. It's coming, I swear!!! TT^TT
Sherlock, still standing on the chair, dropped the camera on the floor. It hit the carpet with a few tiny bounces, and then Sherlock jumped off the chair, landing on his feet exactly on top of the camera. There was a small crunch under his heel.
Fortunately, he’d already established a protocol for this type of situation some two weeks, four days, one hour, and six minutes earlier.
John exhaled shakily, rubbing his eyes.
about?” he managed, letting all of his panic focus into a tone of utter disbelief.
Sherlock nodded stiffly, still watching Mycroft apprehensively. “Are you sure about this?” he asked after a moment.
“… I’m really not seeing how that’s at all similar to the cabbie,” said John, each and every time.
John sighed a laugh, and moved around the coffee table to sit on the edge of it, a couple feet away from Sherlock. “Anyway. Let’s get you cleaned up, and then you can sleep.”
tonight,” said Sherlock. “Again. You almost died again, and I – I’m – it’s—“
"Hell," grumbled Lestrade, looking sour.
Which was how, thinking of revenge and thinking of nothing at all, Young Sherlock found himself, at eight years, six months, twenty days, one hour, and six minutes, passing out dead frogs for that day’s science class experiment, and watching as the room erupted into screams of terror as the rest of the class found their frogs leaping across the room in amphibious splendor.
, of all people, to try to get information out of Moran? Moran’s the person who killed him two months ago, in case that somehow slipped your mind. If being ‘impartial’ is your concern, we can both be confident of the fact that no interaction between John and Moran is going to be objective. Or productive, for that matter. This is a stupid idea, by anyone’s standard.”
“You heard me,” said John, voice tinged with both relief and fury, walking into the room, giving the four walls a sweeping glance. He checked over his shoulder, looking back down the hall to find it empty for the time being, and then hurried over to Sherlock and crouched down at his side.
“Yeah, that he does,” chuckled Lestrade. “I’ve never been this stressed, but work’s never been this good, either.”
happened.”
“For all our sakes, I hope so too,” said Mycroft, and he made his way down the stairs after Sherlock.
There were multiple people. Close.
Back to business as usual.
“Try.”
Sherlock shook his head. John had asked this before, and his answer was always the same. “No point in speculating. Then you just end up looking for things that might not even be there.”
—is someone
He didn’t know anything.
“But not impossible. And you’re the one who likes to yammer about nothing being impossible. Either way, you’ve got to handle it better than this. No offense, mate, but you can’t throw a tantrum every time your phone buzzes.”
Only a little hesitant, Sherlock nodded.
Really, what was—
Sherlock made sure it did. He stepped to the side and shoved the woman so that she stumbled a little, and in so doing crushed the needle to glass dust under the heel of her shoe.
“I appreciate the vote of confidence,” said Sherlock finally, thoughtfully. It actually sounded sincere, even to himself.
Sherlock nodded, sitting back. “This murder is, as you just said yourself, a couple decades old. Everything Moriarty chooses to share with us has importance. Every detail matters. Keeping the shoes suggests either hiding them because they could have compromising evidence, or keeping them as a sort of memento. I would hazard a guess that the latter is more likely. And so, if this was the first person he killed, then it says something about how long he’s been in operation. And how long he’s been getting away with all manner of crime.”
Sherlock gestured vaguely. “That. Just—logic. What you just said is the practical, reasonable, measured response to something like this. What I would say. But it just sounds like…”
Sherlock looked up long enough to give John a disdainful look. “What a dumb idea.”
Molly shuffled her feet, looking almost embarrassed, but her face had lit up all the same. After a moment, she said, “Can I ask you a favor?”
“His office, along with the rest of his mail.” Sherlock held up his phone for John to see the text.
He was supposed to be getting back to – to wherever he lived.
I really appreciate all of your patience and understanding, and I hope you're all still willing to bear with me as I churn this story out as best I can!
When no one spoke for a moment, Moriarty continued, still perfectly at ease, “I was so happy to get your message, Sherlock. I really was.”
“We don’t exactly have a lot of that, mate,” said John, and Sherlock rolled his eyes in exasperation.
John followed Sherlock as he walked to the doors of a building immediately adjacent to the massive, central branch of the SIS headquarters. They passed through the doors and paused, taking in the entrance (an austere marble hall, with a high ceiling, and an atmosphere that made it feel like the setting of a Bond film) and looking at the few people milling about. To one side of the entry hall, eyes on his phone screen, was Mycroft.
“It really wasn’t him, Mrs. Hudson,” said John, deciding that it was absolutely better not to tell her who
“A… friend of mine,” said Sherlock, hesitating before use of the word ‘friend’, as if he wasn’t sure it belonged there. “Molly Hooper. Doctor here. Specialist registrar, specifically, in the morgue downstairs.”
John peered over the case files. “It’s an experiment, Sherlock?”
And we're back!
Sherlock took off at full tilt, sprinting the length of the room, and threw caution to the winds. “Stop!” he yelled, and there were cries of shock in front of him. A second later, he was nearly knocked over as someone shoved past him.
A shot rang from the top of the stairs, and missed John by inches. John leveled his gun and fired, and there was a yell, and a clatter.
“Worth at least a hefty fortune and half a dozen lives, apparently,” said Sherlock. He felt like he was issuing a challenge in saying it—insisting the blame for those lost lives was not his. “General Shan. Jeff Hope’s victims. Just to name a few. And those are just the ones since I first heard about you.”
"What do they usually say?" asked Watson.
“But you’re the exception to that rule, aren’t you?” said Moriarty, smiling widely.
Sherlock didn’t move. “Or.”
John got his feet the second he saw him. “Well?”
“Now, I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” said a voice in his ear.
,” hissed Sherlock furiously, face even paler than usual. “I don’t care how brief this little visit is meant to be—you’re not welcome, so, in your words,
“Still – it was tactless of me,” mumbled Lestrade.
The man smiled, and came to a halt, resting his hands in the pockets of his suit. He didn’t even glance at the gun. “Jim Moriarty,” he said brightly. “Hiii.”
“Which you already knew.”
John didn’t ask how Mycroft had managed to cover up the fact that the man had been killed by a shot to the head from Moran.
“You’re already part of it. You have been since the beginning, and especially now that we all know about Moriarty’s Gift,” Mycroft pointed out—and, unbidden, John’s thoughts were inexorably pulled back to the pool, to the dance of a dozen sniper’s lights on his chest, and Moriarty’s breath on his neck making his skin crawl.
Moriarty raised his eyebrows. “Is that so?”
“Come on, don’t keep me in suspense. How did it go?” asked John. “Did you get Gruner? Did he confess? Did you confiscate the photos?”
“But you’re not willing to continue waiting.”
“Shit,” said John, sitting bolt upright with a lurch, and looking left and right.
He jiggled the door handle. It didn’t budge. “Locked,” he muttered.
John no
Sherlock smirked. “That’s what my Network is for. They might not have been able to find anything about Moriarty, or even the Black Lotus, but Gruner is hardly as secretive. The women he’s been blackmailing aren’t all going to keep quiet.”
Sherlock paused, looking John up and down. Then he sighed. “We aren’t going to be ‘not doing anything’.” He launched himself off the sofa and to his feet, so he could cross the room and sit down in his chair across from John. He fixed John with a determined look, and continued, “Just because Soo Lin is trying to find the sniper for us doesn’t mean I have any intention of sitting still. There are things we can do as well. For one, we can watch her place of work in case she’s found out—there’s a café around the back of the museum facing the service entrance, where she is supposed to leave messages. We also need eyes here, and in other locations of interest. Besides that, I want to talk to Gruner. We’ve ignored him up to this point, but he’s just as much of a loose end as the rest of the Black Lotus. If Soo Lin is right about Moriarty’s plan to get rid of every possible liability, then Gruner’s in danger too.”
“You could
If escape was beyond him now, he had to find some way of making sure he was either able to survive any attack, or pass on information about his death to others who might—permitted their intelligence was not entirely lacking—be able to put two and two together.
The first case was to show how long he had gone unnoticed. The second case was to reveal how wide his network reached.
“Of course I do,” said John, with an expression of dazed amazement. “It was extraordinary. I’m not even mad that you read my mail. I mean, that was… quite extraordinary.” John seemed a little at a loss.
“Not good?”
John looked down at the coffee table, then back up at Sherlock. “It’s literally right in front of you.”
“But you think it’s going to be different than when he just let me identify Gruner so I could turn him in to the Yard.”
That startled a laugh out of Watson, and Sherlock permitted himself a smug grin. This was a truly bizarre, singular occurrence. It was not especially common for the dead to appreciate a blow-by-blow of their own murder.
“Sherlock,” said John.
“Did I really, though?” asked Moriarty. He circled John slowly, until he stood behind him and just to the side. “I know I have it now. Now that you can’t hide from me in your cozy little flat and have pleasant little evenings without me on your mind. I wanted to
(See the end of the chapter for
“… Mm,” said Sherlock, shrugging. “The police have noticed you’re missing from St. Bart’s. I met in order to cover our tracks, and then went to gather some intelligence.”
“I think…” Soo Lin glanced at the window again, like she was half-expecting to be shot down through the glass, and Sherlock found it was making him feel almost as uneasy as she looked. It was a nervous gesture, not a realistic concern, but given what they were discussing it still seemed like an appropriate reason to be on-edge. Soo Lin tucked her hair behind one ear, and went on, “No one in the Black Lotus has received any instructions since my brother died. Since our employer met with you. This is… unusual. Perhaps I am reading too much into it—but when I was working with Gruner, when he stopped receiving instructions is when he was cut loose.”
“I… right. I’ll remember, going forward,” Sherlock replied. And he meant it.
~o~O~o~
John paused, before he finally nodded, and let out a long sigh. “Well. At least one thing’s gone right.”
It was exactly the same as it had been for Shan. A single bullet from a sniper’s gun. Death, in one perfect shot.
He had been wrong about John Watson.
“So. Spit it out.”
“You can take it out of the very large sum the government will owe me for getting Moriarty for them,” said Sherlock. “Oh, wait—” he added, voice dripping with sarcasm, “I forgot: I’m attempting to bring down the world’s foremost criminal mastermind, and I’m doing it pro bono.”
“But you’d never team up with him,” said John firmly. “So he’ll want to kill you sooner or later, when he figures that out.”
"Serial suicides," whispered Sherlock sourly.
“You have to really think about it,” said Sherlock lazily. “Think about what you know, and then what you know each fact means, and then what you’re actually supposed to be noticing. It’s not hard.”
been wrong.
There was some debate at the door as they worked. One of the snipers snapped, “There shouldn’t be half a dozen doctors in an area that just saw fire. This isn’t exactly a good vantage point for us to make sure everything really is clear.” The lead doctor exchanged a few words with them, outlining their orders—while the rest of the medics ignored the conversation altogether, and carried on.
John shrugged. “Those were just things. I’d do any of them again.”
“Don’t make this into some sort of stupid petty trust discussion; you know there’s no point.” Sherlock crossed his arms. “You don’t trust me. Clearly, or you’d let me in on cases like the serial suicides, or actually permit me to make my own decisions instead of trying to keep me on a leash—“
AND I LOOK AT HIM
Moriarty’s head snapped to the side to look at John, and he peered at him with interest. He tutted. “But you see, Johnny-boy, I went through all the trouble of killing you, so I can stake my claim. I
,” he barked furiously at Mycroft. “Hallway.
There was a flash of golden light, and Shan opened her eyes.
“No. And she’s not going to be. Not if I can help it,” said John firmly.
"Not why we're here, Sherlock…"
“This isn’t actually about rent.”
Sherlock paid very little attention to Mycroft as he reiterated plans and precautions and rules and suggestions for lines of questioning. He had spent most of the night staring mutely at the ceiling of his bedroom and, when John appeared in the kitchen to make tea shortly after dawn, it was clear that he’d been doing the same. It didn’t matter that they hadn’t slept properly in days. The relief of Soo Lin’s escape from death had been subsumed by everything since.
At first, John—still in shock at the fact that there were two Holmes men, and keen to find out more about this umbrella-wielding brother—attempted to get Sherlock to elaborate. But as they drove, Sherlock grew increasingly mute and sullen, until eventually he stared out the window and ignored everything John said.
“Okay,” said John, withdrawing his hand and taking a step back, his heart feeling unbelievably heavy in his chest. “Let me know if you need anything.”
"Uh," said Watson again, which was enough for Sherlock to roll his eyes agitatedly, but then Watson seemed to grasp the urgency of the situation. Sitting up very straight, he summed up what he could remember from the instant before his death.
stay dead!”
Sherlock leapt forward, one hand smashing Gruner’s elbow to one side while the other pressed Gruner’s gun hand back at the wrist, the conflicting directional force making Gruner drop the gun. It hit the floor, and Sherlock threw Gruner away from him towards the office door.
Sherlock settled back in his chair. “I’m not so surprised.” When John looked confused, Sherlock went on, “Killing you wasn’t part of the plan. Your death—your body—was just collateral. But potentially revealing collateral. I suspect he wanted to get rid of your body both to help shield his sniper and to send a message. Teasing the police, you could say. He’s the mastermind of a criminal empire that sometimes engages in terroristic activity, and stealing the bodies of slain veterans associated with a large-scale security investigation is a good way to spit in the face of the people hunting him. I think your body not being there when he went after it was a shock for him. He may be thinking that his movements are being followed, or that someone close to him blabbed, and so he’ll be even more cautious than he was before your death.”
“Not impossible. And when you’ve eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be true,” said John. He could hear Sherlock saying the words in his head. “I’m who you think I am. I was definitely killed in Afghanistan. I’m not dead now. Sherlock’s responsible for that. You saw him bring that plant back. You
“No?”
Sherlock flashed a short-lived smile. “Not a terrible series of deductions.” He sighed. “Moran’s arrest leads to unexplored territory. Mycroft and I are both wondering about next steps—ours and Moriarty’s.”
being
“To be honest, for now there’s just one question that’s foremost in my mind,” said Sherlock, finally turning his gaze away from the door to look at John.
Sherlock snorted in amusement. Oh, this was going to be
about my Gift. He knows nothing. It is next to impossible to keep secrets from my brother but I have spent my entire life keeping this secret buried so far down that not even he can dig it back up. But with you amongst the living, he’ll naturally try to figure out who you are only to find that you don’t exist. Either he’ll confront me, or he’ll do something worse.”
Sherlock smiled, but it was void of any real happiness. “I’m glad someone does.”
John looked towards the source of the noise, in time to see the sniper crumple.
~o~O~o~
Maybe even more so than he was.
“I’m still working that out,” admitted Sherlock.
Mycroft took a breath. “Our thought was that the sniper would be the most direct and most accessible route to Moriarty. A weak link. Crime, even on a massive scale, is one thing—but eliminating informants deeply tied to international espionage is another. It
Sherlock blinked several times. Mycroft exhaled sharply, like he was holding back a laugh. “I’m fine,” said Sherlock at last. “Just – thinking. It’s not like we’re trying to formulate a plan out of this discussion. Mycroft’s just catching you—catching
Mumbling vague threats about
-ing at the chaos on the table. At John’s appearance at the foot of the stairs, she looked over at him, beaming.
“Oh,” said Sherlock, and somehow, John’s nonchalance was enough to get him to relax the tiniest bit.
Sherlock nodded, continuing to pace. “Which more or less confirms our theory that the person Moriarty uses for high-profile kills is a sniper with training and likely military ties. And it also confirms my theory that he keeps this inner circle small, if he’s using the same person to do his dirty work in two very different locations. The sniper is probably one of a few people who deal with Moriarty directly. What’s more is the sniper is being employed to kill people within Moriarty’s own network. They’re trusted.”
Next week's chapter might be late (I'm without a computer for three days -- GAH -- so I make no promises), but I'll do my best to make up for it. TT^TT
Sherlock interrupted. “I think he’d mentioned something to that effect. It’s very unfortunate. But do you at least have his paperwork? That’s really all I need.”
“Certainly not,” said Mycroft. “We know where Moriarty was and what he was doing nineteen months ago.”
take the spare car.”
~o~O~o~
“I consistently act irrespectively of others’ preferences,” said Sherlock coldly. “It shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone. Including you.”
Between the bursts of noise and small flashes of light from the alarms, people were shouting as they rushed frantically through the hallway, passing through the doors at a security checkpoint further along. An acrid smell hit Sherlock’s nose, a cloying odor from dark grey smoke that was just beginning to creep down the hall from another, more distant corridor. A few ceiling tiles had fallen out of their places to land haphazardly on the floor.
The only real evidence that he was angry was in how little he spoke. And the fact that he had stopped asking if Sherlock wanted tea when he made it.
“You presume too much,” she said, but Sherlock interrupted.
While most of London was preparing to get to work, he was in the process of packing all of his materials to hand over to Lestrade. He and the policeman had made plans a little earlier that morning to go out and look for the next message (after all, there was little point in sitting around when Sherlock knew there would be another puzzle to solve any day), and the Detective intended to hand his findings over so that an official investigation could begin without delay. Then, if all things went according to plan, he and Lestrade would find the next puzzle, and Sherlock could once more sequester himself in 221B with no one but John, Mrs. Hudson, and the occasional emailed lab test result (courtesy of Molly Hooper) to bother him. Which was better than being bothered by Lestrade, and Lestrade’s miserable underlings, and Mycroft, and Mycroft’s odious underlings.
chance of some major, unforeseen upheaval among the people within Moriarty’s network?” said Sherlock.
John shook his head. “We were just at a hospital. I wasn’t about to bring my gun in there.”
“I thought you
He wasn’t going to die. He couldn’t die. He
John sighed loudly. “Fine. So what now?”
“Jesus…” sighed Lestrade.
He forced himself to go through the basics. He checked his physical condition over, running simple diagnostics such as wiggling his fingers or blinking at a certain rate. He reviewed his memory. His thinking time. He pushed himself until he could feel the drug leaving his system like water draining from a clogged drain. Sherlock had considerable experience with ‘substances’ (for lack of a better word) and had a rather impressive tolerance, but this drug was difficult to shake quickly, even for him. Mirazolam, he thought. Fast-acting sedative, usually administered intravenously. Small doses, almost instantaneous results. Limited, tedious side effects. That was definitely it.
John hesitated, then cautiously reached out, and shook her hand. “… Yeah. John.”
Sherlock paused, no longer glaring. “I should think so,” he replied after a moment. “If Moriarty is the spider controlling his web, then destroying the web without addressing his presence is a pointless measure. The spider can always build another web. To do so will mean investing time and energy, but the spider will do it. But kill the spider, and the web will fall apart on its own over time.” Sherlock sat back in his chair. “If we want to bring the whole thing down, and get justice for you and everyone else Moriarty has apparently seen fit to remove, we have to go to him, and bring him down. Cut the head off the snake, as the old adage says.”
He’s a miser, grumpy, unhappy with the current state of his marriage, not good at keeping family or friends, which is easily reinforced by the fact that his wife just supposedly ran out on him with the neighbor who was a friend of his. Paranoid; look at the way he watches everyone like he’s waiting for something. Can’t keep friends or family, says a lot about him—most people can keep at least one of the two. Easily made jealous, cheap, married a woman much younger than himself and has been suspicious of her for some time, distrustful of everyone, and overall quite clever, if I’m not mistaken.” Sherlock glanced at John out of the corner of his eye for his reaction.
“Don’t tell him that I know?” asked Molly. “I want him to tell me himself. If and when he wants to. Even if that never happens.”
“You can phrase it however you want, Sherlock. It doesn’t change the fact that, like it or not, you killed someone for me.”
“You want to delay me by twenty-four hours,” said Sherlock warningly.
“My Rules are necessary. It is essential that someone in my position keep their distance from those who could get too involved, intentionally or not. People complicate things.”
Sherlock raised his violin, and began playing ‘Flight of the Bumblebee’ so fast that John saw a blur over the fingerboard instead of fingers.
“I’ll take your word for it. I’m not a doctor,” said Sherlock. “At least it was for a good cause. The bloody nose, that is.”
He was sure he could identify Soo Lin’s voice. Soft, urgent, insistent, repeating the same phrases. Breathing sharply, quickly.
I'm doing my best to keep updates on the biweekly schedule for the time being - I have launched into my first PhD project and that's involved a lot of panicking and rapid learning of Fortran, but now that I've gotten going, I'm fairly (?) confident that I can update with a chapter every couple weeks. A nice regular stream of feels...
They had their tea in the kitchen, chatting quietly about this and that—namely Mrs. Hudson’s hip and her methodology behind her wallpaper selection in the downstairs hallway—until Mrs. Hudson finally exhausted the topic, and collected her mugs to return downstairs.
Sherlock had turned to glare. "Lestrade, I'm not willing to deal with stupid today. I will talk to you, but I will not talk to someone with a mental capacity inferior to one of these plastic lawn ornaments, so if you would…" And he waved his hands in a dismissive little gesture at Anderson.
John frowned. “That doesn’t sound like much of a lead. The significance of the shoes from the last message was pretty apparent, since it was linked to a murder. This… not so much, even if the dish
“How comforting,” Sherlock drawled sarcastically.
He gestured impatiently. “What?”
“Redecorating?” said John.
One woman clapped a hand over her mouth, and a man dug out a phone, clearly calling for help.  Other people were flocking to join them.
She inclined her head slightly, long hair falling forward over her shoulders to frame her face. “Mr. Holmes,” she said, by way of greeting.
"It looks like you're writing," said Sherlock. "Though forgive me if I say you don't peg me as the secretly-an-author type."
to meet you.
Amberley sank to the floor, utterly defeated.
John took a deep breath. “The other day, you were overwhelmed. I get that. I was more than a little overwhelmed when Sherlock first explained this all to me—and I was the person he brought back. I understand. But you’ve had time to think about it, and think about what he said. If you have questions, I want to answer them. Then maybe you can quit being a jackass about it.”
Lestrade glowered. “And yours, since I really doubt you can bring yourself back from the dead.”
“Yes.”
He reached Sherlock’s conclusion—“I hope Mycroft’s diet is going well and Lestrade’s wife is not currently cheating on him and Anderson and Donovan have worked out whatever it was they were arguing about yesterday and Molly Hooper isn’t still depressed over her latest romantic disaster and Mrs. Hudson’s hip is working today”—before snapping the laptop shut with a derisive snort.
! Her help was greatly needed with this chapter.
“Then how can you punish him for it?!” demanded John.
Mycroft swallowed, and said nothing.
“So you lied about all of this to hide a complete stranger?” he said.
“That said, I still think we don’t have any other worthwhile ideas,” said John. “Even if finding the sniper isn’t definitely going to keep you alive, we still have to find the sniper if we’re going to learn anything really meaningful about Moriarty or his whereabouts
John had shot the handcuff chain to break it.
“Charming,” said John. “So what are you having them look for?”
“The door,” said Sherlock sharply.
Mycroft straightened. “If Moriarty
“I’m afraid I don’t have enough information to be able to automatically do either,” said Sherlock. “But it’s only been five minutes. It might help if I knew what had made you come here in the first place.”
Sherlock could scream, he felt so stupid. But if he was honest, he’d known from the second he read Moriarty’s message—and he should have known before, he should have
John worried his lip. “If there’s an actual terrorist organization behind this entire mess, there’s a lot riding on this. A lot of
Lestrade nodded. “Sure. Though I don’t know what kind of clue there’d be.” He sighed wearily. “And listen—about that extra security from Mycroft that you mentioned earlier… maybe think about it, for yourself? I know you like working alone, but being in the dark with this Moriarty stuff makes me uneasy. Baker Street is good, but it wouldn’t hurt to be more secure.”
“… Meaning?” prompted Lestrade.
“No.” Sherlock opened a file, read the heading, piled it on top of a few others, and then cast Lestrade a withering look. “If it doesn’t have to do with Moriarty, then I’m not interested. The last few days of investigations have made it apparent to me that I have on my hands the most complex and demanding case I’ve ever encountered, and I
“My arch enemy,” grumbled Sherlock in a low and threatening tone, which drew a long sigh from Lestrade. “To whom nothing is private.”
As soon as he heard the door click shut behind him, Sherlock stopped hurrying, and came to rest in the stairwell.
Sherlock stared.
John stared at them. “… You… found some shoes?”
Sherlock frowned, giving John an uncertain look. “I’m not sure I see the problem. There shouldn’t be any mention of you anywhere.”
Sherlock looked at the man in the morgue for a moment, studying him.
Caring was the greatest mistake, one he took care never to make. But carelessness was equally unforgivable.
“What’s…?” said Sherlock uncertainly, looking at John before turning a full circle to survey the pool, trying to look in all directions.
John continued, “Lestrade, we’d best get going. I will be looking into the case; Sherlock will remain behind and assist me if I should need it. Mr. Amberley—“ and here John paused and shook Amberley’s hand, “—you’re a paint supplier, are you not? Out in Lewisham?”
pets out to play.”
being honest!” said Sherlock, angry in spite of himself. He knew it would be a hard thing to process. Mycroft—and Sherlock—operated on logic. This wasn’t logical. It was true, but it wasn’t logical. It would be hard to convince him without proving every other possible solution to be wrong.
“I didn’t do anything,” said John confusedly. “I stood there? With a bomb? I don’t see the significance of that as a gesture of confidence.”
Young Sherlock, beginning at that critical moment at eight years, three months, four days, nineteen hours, and fifty-one minutes of age, became used to being alone.
“I’m sure it’ll be a great comfort to them to know that their pointless panic is giving a criminal mastermind time to strike,” grumbled Sherlock, but Lestrade ignored him.
“You’re a police officer. Everyone knows where you work.”
“Now seems like a good time to find out,” said Moriarty excitedly. “Right now. You only have fourteen seconds to decid—“
She jumped in shock, turning about to face him. “Sherlock!” she said in a dither, as he drew to a halt in front of her. “I was just visiting Mr. Chatterjee next door. What’s the matter, dear? You look pale…”
He descended the stairs and paused at the bottom, poking his head around the corner for any sign of the landlady. Sure enough, he saw that a small, older woman was bustling around the kitchen,
Amberley passed John the key with trembling fingers. John put the key in the lock, and signaled to Lestrade to be ready but not to shoot unnecessarily. Lestrade nodded. John quickly turned the key in the lock, twisted the doorknob, and wrenched the door open.
Sherlock smirked. “You are. But you can lurk in the door for fifteen minutes to get a little paint off the door, right? And then resume lying low.”
“A bit,” said John sharply. Though he’d yet to meet her in person, John was aware from Sherlock that Molly had been the person in charge of John’s body when he was still dead. He felt he owed it to her to be on her side.
As soon as Lestrade rounded the corner and moved out of sight, Sherlock wrenched at the driver's side door handle of the taxi cab, and flung the door open.
I'm back to school (for my final semester as an undergraduate -- AHHHHHH), but I'm not anticipating any major delays. Fingers crossed we keep roaring right along!
After a moment, John asked, “Are you going to be okay?”
At least, it should be. He thought it was. It was… he knew this, he knew he did. Fast-acting… fast… God, his head hurt.
Sherlock said nothing, but his eyes narrowed, which John took as a grudging, and silent, agreement.
“I’m eager to get some peace away from prying, pestering people,” said Sherlock harshly, and John, to his credit, merely rolled his eyes and decided that getting permission was completely hopeless.
The facts were these:
us help you, for a change.”
And he was probably going to die any second.
“I’m not sure that’s—“ started John, but Kitty ignored him.
John then hurried out of the building and caught a cab to the theatre where Amberley had gone last night. He checked the theatre schedule and found nothing out of line with what Amberley had told him. A show had happened, last night, just as Amberley had said. He asked the box office clerk who had reserved seat 31B and the adjacent seats; the teenager rolled his eyes and said, “A Mr. Amberley had seats 31B and 32B, and—“
The fear was bubbling up once more, clawing at his throat—raw, uncontrollable,
He posted it.
And even if they did, it’d be the end of Sherlock’s life just as much as it’d be the end of Moriarty’s. And John’s, and Mycroft’s, and Lestrade’s, and everyone else associated with him.
Enjoy!
a magic trick,” Moriarty said. “The kind I’m very familiar with. I don’t suffer from the same failure of imagination as you, obviously. I
What do we say about coincidence?
,” said Mycroft, and it was only now that any hint of strain entered his tone, “are you standing here,
Sherlock leaned across the bed and snatched at the bag, but John stepped back out of the way. He then dropped the bag on the floor and shoved that under the bed as well, so everything he owned was now in a heap, on the floor and under the bed, thoroughly out of Sherlock’s reach.
“And you lived abroad before now?” said Mycroft.
“Not the word I’d have used,” mumbled John under his breath.
“Prove it?” ventured John.
John looked at Mycroft, absolutely speechless.
~o~O~o~
, he thought again, and he’d never been so terrified and so fascinated by such a simplistic thought.
Even at the age of nine years and however many months, Young Sherlock could not quite help that desperate inner need to show off, if only a little. The temptation to be able to knock his enemies in the dust before they had the time to utter their first taunt and not even break a sweat was too good to pass up.
suspicions—and instead…” He seemed to struggle for the right words. “I wasn’t prepared, for any of what you told me. I don’t know how I could have been prepared. Not that that justifies my reaction. Even I know it was unfair, and unkind.”
The door opened—not locked, he noted—and the footsteps entered the room. A few more steps and Sherlock recognized them (by means of a telltale limp he knew he’d given them) as one of the men who had attacked him earlier.
“Don’t be dramatic,” Mycroft replied. “If you were trying to be more impartial, you might have suggested it yourself already.”
“He most likely murdered her.”
John swallowed.
It was a birth certificate.
Maybe, thought John, for at least the hundredth time in the last few hours, this was all a strange dream.
“Have they found anything since last night?”
“Well, when you put it like that…” John opened the box and got out the mobile, looking it over. “Thanks.”
John swallowed thickly, the entire idea making him feel sick. “Carl Powers was his
Next chapter to follow as soon as I'm functional!
wants to kill you. Are you going to be okay?”
“Both.”
As always, thank you all so much for reading and commenting! You’re the best <3
“So how
“He has to be long gone by now,” said John anxiously, shooting a glance at Sherlock.
“I’ve a couple cases, if you’re interested,” said Lestrade, hands back in his pockets. “I called, but since I didn’t hear from you, I figured I’d come by and check. Wanted to see how John was doing with things anyway.”
“Not when you put it like that,” muttered John.
do something?” he asked. “To help with this case. Is me being alive actually going to help?”
“No,” said Sherlock bluntly, shaking his head. “No. They would not.”
“What on Earth gives you that impression?”
Sherlock had wondered when they would come to this. He had known they would, sooner or later, but that didn’t make it any less disquieting.
“Oh.” John picked at the cloth of his sling for a moment, lost in thought. “Anyone see anything?”
“Hasn’t said a word,” Mycroft confirmed.
At the sound of the door opening across the shimmering cerulean of the pool, Sherlock locked his gaze on the far wall, narrowing his eyes. He watched, and waited.
John looked at Sherlock. “What do you think?”
Next update to follow soon (I have this coming week off, thank god, so I'm hoping it'll be a good writing week)! As always, thank you all so much for reading and commenting and being patient through my annoyingly frequent delays -- it means the world to me! <3
"What the
John’s mouth twisted into a smile. “Such a
“Right you are,” said Sherlock, and he slipped into the building. John followed behind, gently closing the door after them with another click.
The two Holmes brothers looked at each other for a moment, expressions unreadable to an outsider. But to John, he thought it looked like they were reading each other in great detail, searching for a lie, and ultimately finding none.
John sat forward. “Stop. Just stop, for one whole second. You don’t know anything about me—no, you don’t,” he added, as he saw Mycroft’s mouth open to speak. “And no matter what, you can’t intimidate me like this.”
Sherlock: *puppy eyes*
“And leaving,” added Sherlock, and he turned and stalked back towards the Lucky Cat. “Goodbye, Mycroft. Let’s not do this again.”
He’d kept John blissfully unaware of everything. After all, did he
“Ahh,” said John with a smirk. “As ever, Sherlock, you see but do not observe—“
Soo Lin’s voice was quiet, and she looked on the verge of passing out, but there was a frantic edge to her voice as she spoke. “He has sent the sniper to eliminate Gruner. Gruner is unwilling to deal with the police now, but he will do so when he thinks he will get the best deal. So the sniper will kill Gruner while he is still under house arrest, before Gruner is given the opportunity to betray our employer. Before he goes to trial.”
people, but Sherlock found it all rather – juvenile. He might even say he was disappointed. Surely Moriarty was capable of deploying a better class of thug. Though Sherlock wondered if these people weren’t normally in the ‘thug’ business.
As always, thanks to my amazing beta
One seemingly impossible solution.
It could work. It couldn’t be any more inconvenient than dealing with Lestrade, after all. Right?
Sherlock looked at the other man out of the corner of his eye. Calm and cool under pressure, short and to the point, clear communication. Very military. And yet, here they were, very much breaking the rules. Unusual combination of discipline and risk-taking. Interesting.
Nothing was ever going to be the same.
John’s stomach dropped.
Before Sherlock could reply, Lestrade’s voice interrupted. “Sherlock!”
“—but I can’t do a full chemical mock-up against a database. I told you, people can help from a distance and leave me alone to do the meaningful analysis in relative peace and quiet. Pollen in the mud from nearby plants is as good as a roadmap to me. London overlaying Sussex.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Whatever. Point is, Lestrade and Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson and the rest of them are out there every day. And with the explosion a week ago, everyone who’s involved with you came running to help us and make sure we were okay. Their identities aren’t a secret anymore, if they were a secret before.”
John sat a little straighter in the seat, his hands lightly clenched into fists in his lap. He’d never felt so defensive in his entire life. Everything Sherlock had told him about his brother flashed through his mind.
Sherlock nodded curtly.
One day later than promised because of travel - but here comes an insanely long chapter.
The bird had definitely suffered blunt force trauma upon hitting his window. Enough to kill.
, which means Moriarty has once again taken his rightful place as the diabolical center of attention.
still when I'm dead again, obviously."
At last, John spoke. “Okay, I have questions,” he said, setting down his mug.
“You were a model?”
“… Is – is that what I sound like?”
“But then John and I interrupted.”
“Moriarty’s view of my – of
John glanced sideways and was immediately unsettled by the grim smile on Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock turned and traipsed back down the stairs, leaving John to try to wake up enough to process what Sherlock had just said.
“I don’t think it works like that—“ started John, but Sherlock was already gone, and the only one left to hear John’s reply was the skull on the mantle. The door shut with a click, and John could hear the downstairs door open and close only a few seconds later, as Sherlock ventured out into the city.
John nodded. “I can do that. And for what it’s worth—I think he will. Maybe not yet. But I think he will.”
Nine landlords later, Sherlock found himself once again in need of a new residence. Apparently gunfire, police cars regularly visiting, and the occasional minor explosion made him an undesirable tenant.
The Detective had never liked hospitals. Doctors and nurses—no offense to John—too frequently ignored the most obvious of deductions and missed what mattered. They were idiots, all of them, and treated their patients like the biggest idiots of all. Beyond that, he was perfectly at home in a morgue, where the dead were decidedly so, unless he brought them back. There was an atmosphere of control. Hospitals weren’t like that. The Detective saw a lot of dead people in his life, but he hadn’t really seen many die. At least, not the first time.
“I don’t need help.”
Moriarty glanced at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye, as a wide grin came across his face. “But then, I can afford to be, when it comes to death.”
“And I have yet to begin to speculate on what you’re doing in London, and why it involves my brother,” said Mycroft coolly. “So let me be clear. You’re going to want to tell me exactly what the nature of your business with him is, if you want to get out of this.”
AND I LOOK AT HIM
Mycroft said nothing as Sherlock and John vanished into the hall, and John shut the door quietly after them.
“Well, I’m sorry I didn’t get a chance to properly apologize to Hope about the whole me-being alive, him-being-dead thing,” started John. “But it’s hard to be all that sorry when it turns out the man was a serial killer.”
The door opened in front of them, to reveal Mrs. Hudson—all sixty-two inches of irritated landlady glaring intently at Sherlock. “I was just looking for you, young man,” she exclaimed indignantly, hands on hips. “Someone put paint all over my bloody door!”
“Okay then,” said John, rolling his eyes. “Forget I asked.”
This was met with silence, as Sherlock kept quiet in order to give John the chance to join in asserting the need for answers. But John’s anticipated response never came.
Sherlock nodded. But before he could reply, the doorbell rang—short, loud, and wholly unexpected.
Mycroft looked John up and down, and John thought he looked just a little bit approving, in a grudging way. Mycroft didn’t seem like the sort of person who was argued with on a regular basis. John figured it was about time someone did.
“Of course I’m all right,” Sherlock snapped.
He counted a grand total of six hundred and sixty-four seconds before help arrived.
Lestrade raised his eyebrows. “No offense, but this has to take priority. We’re lucky the building that blew up was empty, but there’s an entire street of people that need to be secured and reassured.”
John shook his head. “I’m letting Sherlock do the thinking on this one. I don’t want to start speculating. But…” He and Lestrade stepped over the threshold, and John continued, “We’re all down here. Everyone’s fine, though Sherlock and Mrs. H should probably both get checked out by the paramedics just to be safe.”
“Who’s the bastard with the umbrella?” asked John quietly as they made their way to the car, and he paused to glance back. “Mycroft, or whatever you called him.”
—“ that snuck out as he carefully tugged the needle through.
Horror had to be all over Sherlock’s face and he couldn’t stop it from showing. He could barely process the words. Shock and confusion and sudden, swooping terror locked him in place and froze every word and every thought he could think to say in his defense.
John hesitated. “What ends now?”
. So definitely one person. Might as well try to find out more.
“I don’t know what you’re insinuating—“ started Sherlock, mind whirring (Lestrade only had to move one and a half blocks, so at most it would take him three minutes to get to Gruner’s front door).
“Has anyone been by this morning?” Sherlock asked, cutting her off. “Anyone looking for us?”
John nodded. It was a yes, just not in so many words. But he could see the significance in Sherlock admitting to it. If he was willing to concede that much, then maybe they were on the same page again.
“I’m sure Moriarty is capable of something as simple as making a bomb,” said Mycroft with a shrug.
"If you don’t mind, I have some questions," said Sherlock, rather unsympathetically, attempting to get back to business in spite of this rather awkward and time-consuming start to their interview.
~o~O~o~
Next chapter will be up in ~2 weeks, as soon as I get back from fieldwork! Thanks for reading, and for sticking with me despite my ridiculous update schedule. My 2018 resolution is to stick to my self-imposed deadlines for chapter updates, haha…
“Oh, he’s going to be suspicious no matter what I do,” said Sherlock. “I have a million-pound Ming dynasty piece in my possession that he doesn’t know about when the only way to get something like this is through him. He’s going to be wary. I just have to pretend long enough to either steal the camera or scare him into surrendering.”
“John—“ protested Sherlock, ducking behind the armchair he was using as a shield.
But then, mid-morning, his phone buzzed with a text from John.
John sighed, and persisted, “When you decided to let me stay alive, it was
“I don’t know that,” said John, patiently. “I haven’t had a chance to—“
“It could, but that could be ages,” said Sherlock coolly, the irony that he had been in John’s state of mind only a few minutes before completely and utterly lost on him. “The sniper that killed you and Shan is one and the same. That’s so much more interesting than sleep.”
Shan’s silence was enough confirmation.
(See the end of the chapter for
John laughed. “That’s understandable. It’s nice, not having to pretend when I’m talking to you. And God knows Sherlock’s next to impossible to deal with. I can’t believe you kept an eye on him yourself until now. I usually feel like his—“
Ring.
“You can brag later,” said John, peering into the hallway beyond the door, which was empty, silent, and dark.
John choked on his tea.
John stood to one side, arms crossed over his chest in a defensive gesture.
The surface of the pool rolled in gentle little waves and sparkled with the submerged lights, creating just enough light to see by.
“After your kidnapping, I had the sketch artist circulate the portrait of Shan you had them do,” Lestrade was saying, as he held the door into the building open for Sherlock and John. The three men entered, crossing the threshold into a large, bare room as Lestrade continued. “Sure enough, contractors come in to start work on this house this morning, and I get a call…”
“He’s here, isn’t he,” said Sherlock, knowing the answer. “Where.”
“Before he doesn’t want you to.”
Mycroft straightened. “We’ve discussed everything I wanted to share, anyway. I won’t linger—I’ve more than enough to do while I’m regrouping my people.” He turned to John. “I may be without my full retinue of staff, but I am by no means bereft of them altogether. And with any luck, that will be as much of a surprise to Moriarty as it would be to anyone else. We’re more vulnerable than before, but not wholly on our own.”
Getting out of the locker room was no longer his first priority.
“Don’t try to be all metaphorical with me,” snapped John.
“Mycroft caught him,” Sherlock said into his hands.
better about it?”
,” said Sherlock harshly, more to convince himself than anyone else.
“Quite possible,” came Sherlock’s voice, though he had no idea how it was working so normally without him when his mind was racing far away and far ahead. “A note isn’t much to go on. No concrete evidence of wrongdoing in six simple sentences. There’s more to look at. We should go searching—tomorrow, I think. I ought to mull this one over a bit first. Perhaps there’s a hidden clue in the wording.”
Hell’s bells.
He could hear voices on the other side of the door to the pool.
Mrs. Hudson glanced over her shoulder at him, still holding out the tea tray for John. “What are you going on about, Sherlock?”
The room settled into silence. But after a moment, Sherlock unscrewed the bottle cap. Out of the corner of his eye, John watched Sherlock pop four paracetamols into his mouth, and though he raised his eyebrows, he didn’t say anything.
“One wrong move…” started Sherlock. “One false step or one surprise attack, and you’re dead. I’m not doing it.”
Not that he could explain that vague connection, or had a clue what it was. John would be disturbed by the idea. Sherlock didn’t really understand it himself. He just knew that it was true. Something about the events they’d explored in connection with Moriarty—all the way back from Carl Powers to the Black Lotus to Jeff Hope to John’s death—was just…
“Wrong,” said Sherlock automatically, trying not to laugh at the idiocy of ordinary policemen.
Sherlock got to his feet and turned in a full circle confusedly, breathing fast now that he had stopped running.
“Is there anything you need?” asked John.
Mycroft made his way along a hall, and entered one of the rooms. John followed, and shut the door after them after a final glance at the hall.
Sherlock smiled ever so slightly, and said, “Ha. No, I don’t. But still. We’re approaching the finale.”
John’s hands were steady—improbably steady. Acclimatized to violence. More than just a doctor while in Afghanistan, and not just some marksman or a crack shot either. A fighter.
“… You can carry on with the doctoring – stuff,” said Sherlock after a moment, breaking the silence. The hostility of a few moments ago had vanished and, now, Sherlock just wanted to be in less pain, and wanted someone to make that happen. And knew John could. Or could at least try.
“Is that a good thing?” Sherlock asked. He tended to associate being able to ‘stand still’ with being torturously bored. But then again, he thought that in the time since he had met John, he understood something about the weight of those more companionable silences, where quiet did not mean emptiness, and calm was not entirely detestable. He preferred to be busy, but still… not all moments of peace were wholly objectionable.
"Don't apologize," snapped Sherlock.
terrible too.”
Not that he was bothered.
“You say that,” said John. He pointed an accusing finger at Sherlock. “But you don’t really have any idea. You know all of the facts, Sherlock, but you have no understanding of anything I do.”
“Well,” said Lestrade finally, making everyone in the room turn to look at him. “Come on, boys, let’s head down the station and get this all sorted.”
“Just tea for me, thanks,” said John impishly.
Mycroft stepped to the side to block Sherlock’s path, so that he was forced to stop pacing. “I need information, Sherlock.
“Anything I should know about?” John asked.
When the window was finally open enough to crawl through, Sherlock slid onto the windowsill and out into the night air in one smooth motion, landing soundlessly on the fire escape just beyond. Quietly, he said, “I’ll lock it again behind you.”
But Sherlock had a –
“Mm.” Sherlock seemed to be going to great lengths to use as few words as possible, and John could see he looked tense enough to snap.
He did so.
“I do know you. That’s the problem.”
Moriarty was just like him.
do best and outsmart Gruner,” said Sherlock.
… Ah.
“It’s not like it’s a major mental leap. Try to keep up,” said Sherlock exasperatedly.
“What the
“What the hell was what?”
“But you’re sure it’s him?” John said.
“So what is your role, now that Gruner’s little antiquities business has encountered some… legal issues?” said Sherlock.
“He’s done an… admirable job managing independently, all things considered,” said Mycroft. “He’s fortunate no one has stumbled across something like this before. Though I suppose the lack of people… lingering as long as you have would cover things up.”
“It wasn’t
the one who taught me to shut people out.”
Young Sherlock was twelve years, four months, twenty-nine days, eight hours, and six minutes old when he first heard about Carl Powers.
The door of 221B opened, and Mrs. Hudson appeared in the doorway. She looked up in surprise at Lestrade. “What hour of the night do you call this, dear?” she said, pulling her bathrobe very tight around her shoulders and giving the Inspector a disapproving look.
“What?”
Or perhaps more aptly in this particular instance, slam their heads into the lid of a coffin.
the one who stole—”
the most advantageous course of action. We may not see eye to eye, on anything, but that doesn’t mean I want you out of my life. Which is something I understand now, even if it did take me a moment to work that out.” He shifted his feet and coughed lightly, looking awkward. But he did crack the smallest of smiles. “We do occasionally make a rather formidable team, and I’d hate to lose that because of my closed-mindedness.”
“To use me.”
This was why they were here. So that a man could die and Sherlock could bring him back. Hadn’t Shan told him, weeks ago?
, Sherlock had said.
And people, surely, could do stupid things, like kill people to bring other people back to life, when they care about others.
“That, say that again, what you just said,” said Sherlock, not caring that he was acting suspicious now.
“Fun?” repeated John.
fucking difference.”
Not too much else to report — I am writing these chapters in between grant applications and research papers I’m trying to send for review/publication :P every time my life is supposed to get less chaotic, something comes up to make sure that the level of chaos is maintained at less-than-ideal levels. My high hopes for writing time in the last month were instead spent apartment-hunting, so as ever, I continue to play catch-up. That said, I’ll do my utmost to get the next chapter up in 2 weeks. <3
(See the end of the chapter for
Only just refraining from rolling his eyes, John continued, “Do you have the manpower to search for him? I mean, I know your staff and headquarters have been comprised, but—”
John reached the bottom of the stairs and went on ahead, hoping Sherlock was able to get down safely on his own and would wait for John before going out to the street. He made his way back to their landlady’s apartments quickly, and paused at the door only long enough to knock. “Mrs. Hudson?”
“Makes sense,” said John, securing the second ankle brace and sitting back.
“Always have to end with being a bastard, don’t you.”
~o~O~o~
But Sherlock—as much as he
“Excuse me?” said Sherlock indignantly, voice rasping.
Sherlock glanced at the stairs leading up to John’s room, but there was no sign that the man upstairs was planning to move voluntarily anytime soon.
“… Fine,” said Sherlock.
“Of course I don’t.”
Mycroft exhaled a final lungful of smoke before dropping his cigarette on the sidewalk. He ground it out with his heel. “He cares about you quite a bit, you know.”
“Good,” said John emphatically, taking a seat in his usual armchair. He could already see some of the tension leaving Sherlock’s stance, and his tone was significantly less murderous than it had been. “You should listen to me more.”
Sherlock rubbed his eyes.
“Technically you were
“Mm. Give it a few days. Lie low and stay out of sight,” instructed Sherlock.
Once the sounds of their footsteps had gone, John turned so he could lean against the door. He glanced at Sherlock, who still stood by the window, looking out at the street, arms crossed over his chest.
Sherlock looked from the dead man on the floor to the red lights dancing across John’s chest. “To silence me.”
And if that was so, then the only explanation that made sense was that Moran had—
concerned about you poking around, then he’ll get in contact or send someone after you again, in which case it’s just a matter of being ready for whatever happens.”
“Sure,” said John, examining a stack of notes Sherlock had left on the table from his most recent study of skin pigment changes post-mortem in reaction to changes in temperature. He paused, gritted his teeth, and continued, “Take my card.”
“Are you
“Right now, you need to try to keep calm,” John interrupted firmly. “Don’t overexert yourself.”
This is, obviously, a significant concern when Sherlock's trying to hide an entire person from Mycroft.
Morning the next day found Sherlock and John seated in the back of a cab. They had decided the previous night that they would rise early to visit Soo Lin in the hospital before rejoining Mycroft. Unsurprisingly, however, their conversation kept coming back to Moran’s capture.
Sherlock mentally applauded John for his willingness to do what Lestrade never dared and actually call Sherlock moronic, but he didn’t appreciate the vote of no-confidence.
“Shut up, John.”
“Look,” he said, before Mycroft could select the most strategic reply. “Just promise me you’ll make sure I know what’s going on. That I’ll be part of whatever endgame Sherlock and Moriarty are moving towards. I’m not an idiot, Mycroft. Sherlock practically said you were just here to fill me in—he already knew all of this, which is why he can pretend it’s not important. I know you two are already working on a plan. So make sure I’m part of it. And that my part isn’t just sitting around.”
“That doesn’t necessarily answer my question,” said John, trying not to let himself panic at the reminder of how little time they might have to prepare.
Mycroft reached into his bag and pulled out a manila folder. He looked at it, and paused for a moment. “I behaved… poorly, when we last spoke.”
Sherlock scowled and produced the gun—tucked against the small of his back—which he then set on John’s usual chair.
about?”
Sherlock flinched, and he could see John do the same, and for a moment his heart leapt into his throat—he was sure, he was so sure, that he had just gotten them killed. He was going to look down and see a hole in his chest, or in John’s. They were dead. It was over. They were dead and it was his fault. They—
“Sherlock!” said John loudly, wide eyes fixed on the timer.
Mycroft shrugged. “You’ve said yourself that you’re responsible for him. I just wondered if you’d thought about the future at all.”
“I’m fine,” said Sherlock, trying to remember how small-talk was supposed to go. “You?”
The television in the corner was quietly displaying the news coverage of Moran’s escape.
Sherlock rolled his eyes again. “Don’t tell me you seriously believe it’s a coincidence that there’s a terrorist threat operating in London that is willing to deal in overseas assassinations and bodysnatching,
Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson both stared at John and Sherlock. “
And it wasn't until he was thirty-three years, nine months, thirteen days, twenty-one hours, and forty-one minutes old, exiting a morgue that contained one too few dead people, that he ever had reason to fear it might be at risk.
I'M FINALLY BACK
John seemed to have had the same realization. Almost immediately, he pulled open a door along one side of the atrium, calling “Stairs, stairs!” and waving Sherlock over.
Sherlock pivoted on his heel, catching himself and veering around to follow them as multiple people raced around him to an adjacent room.
And though Sherlock didn't notice an unusual weight of gravity tugging at his outstretched hand, and though time did not slow or divert attention to this exact second, and though nothing at all about this moment seemed especially out of place, the universe itself was quite possibly holding its breath.
on the bottoms. They look brand new!”
“But to what end?” pressed Mycroft frustratedly. “Why meet you at the pool at all? Why go to all of this trouble for you, if not to get rid of you.”
“What’s the message?”
“Not especially,” countered Sherlock, even as Lestrade gaped at him with an expression that clearly read ‘
Behind all of them stood Mycroft.
Sherlock didn’t answer. He didn’t think he needed to.
“What? What is it?” he asked, massaging his shoulder.
He probably would have, if a fist hadn’t slammed into the back of his head with enough force to make him see stars.
"I can't exactly shut up and answer your question at once, can I?"
Sherlock: everything's definitely going to be okay
John groaned.
“Have you interrogated everyone living on Baker Street like this?” asked John, the ominous inflection to everything Mycroft did making him angry, rather than scared. “I’m sure Mrs. Hudson loved this.”
“Uh,” said John. “I didn’t. I didn’t even know he was there until you hobbled over to go pick a fight. Lestrade told me he’d called someone who would have access to the manpower needed to search CCTV for you and left it at that.”
The noise had come from the hall. Gunfire. He was certain it had been gunfire.
“Cover your mouth and nose with this,” he said, as Sherlock took it. “It was far enough back from the windows that it doesn’t have too much dust. Might make it easier for me to help you up too. Let’s get you downstairs and then I’ll get Mrs. Hudson.”
John and Sherlock didn’t speak on the drive back to Baker Street.
,” he said as he went, slamming the door after himself so he could get dressed.
“I’d have said that I thought we could protect her, until an hour or two ago,” John murmured. “With Moran locked away, I thought we had an advantage. But maybe her idea to disappear
Sherlock scowled and rolled his eyes. “That’s not at all what I said. I’m saying that ordinary methods of finding this man are out. We’re going to need something a little more drastic than usual.”
. We’re
A week late because of midterms, but here at last!
Thirty-three seconds with a lock pick at Gruner’s desk, and Sherlock was lifting a digital camera and a case full of several SD cards out of the bottom drawer and carefully stowing them in his coat pocket. He swept from the room and strode to the front door, throwing it open to see Lestrade hurrying up to the house, as instructed, with a handful of officers.
(See the end of the chapter for
He’d shown the blog to John just a few days before, and though John wasn’t sure that anyone other than Sherlock would ever be interested in blog topics like the differences between two hundred and forty-three types of tobacco ash, he did think it made sense to have an archive of his investigations. John had his notebook; Sherlock had his blog.
Even the Detective’s inner monologue had a tendency for sarcasm.
John turned to follow.
John rolled his eyes, and said, “I know it’s not. I may be an idiot, but I’m not
John got to his feet and retrieved a box of tissues, bringing them over to Soo Lin, who took one with a murmured word of thanks. He glanced at Sherlock while Soo Lin dried her eyes, and gave him a look that very clearly said something along the lines of ‘
She had to protect her people. She had to take responsibility for what had happened. If
“Is she dead,” he said, his voice oddly toneless for asking such a blunt question—because he knew. He was looking at her, and at John, and he was looking at the knife and the blood all over the floor around her, and he
“What?” said John, broken from his reverie.
“But—” started John.
John crossed his arms, leaning against the wall and watching Sherlock. “I think I know what you’re planning,” he said.
“I’ll
bring them to face legal justice, whether they wanted to face it or not.
Evening was setting in, the street beyond the windows growing dark, when Mrs. Hudson knocked on the door. John let her in, glancing into the kitchen at Sherlock (who didn’t seem to have even heard the door) as he did so.
Sherlock came to an abrupt halt, stumbling as he did so and looking back over his shoulder at John. Part of him knew it would be reckless to the point of stupidity to charge in without thinking—but more than that, Mycroft was in there, and Moran was…
“Babysitter,” said John and Lestrade at the same time, and both men laughed loudly at that.
Bonus points to anyone who caught how nerdy I am with allusions to Mrs Hudson's gambling habits from Granada!Sherlock Holmes and bumblebees. Am I a dweeb? Yes.
“It might,” said Sherlock. “What a bizarre thought.”
“Okay.” John licked his lips; an indicator of uncertainty. “And you’re still all right with me staying here a while?”
“… Yes,” said Sherlock sourly.
An alarm sounded in his head, even before the explanation why had fully coalesced.
THIS HAS BEEN LOOMING LONG ENOUGH
“I miss out on all the fun when I’m stuck in here,” said John, wiping his eyes on his sleeve and hiccupping himself back to solemnity a few minutes later. “I could have—I don’t know, pretended to be selling the pottery, and you could have snuck around while I distracted him. Then I could have been there to see Kitty destroy him.”
Sherlock trudged aimlessly in the direction of Bart’s. He didn’t want to go back to the flat just yet. He needed something more. He didn’t want to yet admit defeat, and surrender to the human need for sleep, or food, or socialization, or rest. He wanted answers. He wanted to keep going at full speed.
“Maybe because I was there when you hissed at the paramedic for poking you?” suggested John.
“I’m pretty sure,” said Lestrade. “The bullet that killed Shan and the bullet that killed John were almost definitely fired from the same gun.”
Half a second later, Sherlock stopped too.
anomalous,” said John, glancing down at Shan. He stood up. “She took being dead kind of well. Do they usually? I don’t think I took it well.”
Lestrade gaped.
“Right.” John examined the door again. “But then again, most people don’t think ‘magic’ when they find out someone they thought was dead is, in fact, alive.”
Mycroft sat back and considered John for a moment. “Let me be clearer. I’m giving you the opportunity to disappear of your own accord, or I will make you disappear.”
“Try not to let it worry you too much,” continued Lestrade. “Usually, if he’s really into something, I can’t get a hold of him. Sometimes for days. I think I left him something like thirty messages once. Don’t panic, if you can’t get a hold of him.”
“Pocket,” said John.
Sherlock crossed to the foot of the stairs and looked over his shoulder at John. “You don’t seriously think I’d leave Baker Street unguarded while meeting Moriarty? Do you think I’m
AND THUS I RETURN.
“Nothing to worry about,” said Sherlock. When John just looked uncertain, he continued, “I’ll manage. Stop fussing.”
John frowned. “Moran’s not going somewhere, is he?”
Something about that question seemed so ludicrous in the moment that John let out a very weird and very breathless laugh.
with rage.
“John,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock shrugged off the blanket over his shoulders, and the paramedic who’d been trying to get at him for the better part of an hour picked it up and put it on him again.
that he was capable of. No one. Not even Moriarty.
Sherlock’s head tilted to one side. “You’re thinking something.”
Sherlock: shut up john
John sighed heavily. “We took a risk. Soo Lin took a risk. There’s no point in assigning blame when all it’s going to do is undermine everything we were trying to do tonight.” He looked at Sherlock and tried to gently steer the subject to something less directly painful. “Nothing from Mycroft?”
“Agh,” whined Sherlock. “And it’s boring. Everything is boring. I need a case!”
This was unexpected.
Skull might worry.
A shot rang out from somewhere on the street, as a bullet flew through a window and embedded itself in the wall two feet to the left of John’s head.
This certainly promised to be a case unlike anything else he’d dealt with before. A challenge from all sides.
think I will forgive something like this. I have already told you to stay out of my way. This is the last time I say it. Now, I’m leaving, with John, and you will stay the hell away from both of us.”
“You must be joking,” he snared after a moment, fingers digging a little too forcefully into the keyboard as he typed out his reply. His heart beat ever so faster against his ribcage.
“Isn’t he risking a lot?” asked John. “In letting you learn this much about his criminal empire. I mean, we know more about how he’s making money, and how much, and how the Black Lotus is involved… That’s a lot of personal information, isn’t it?”
are you going to explain all of this?” The policeman crossed his arms. “Because you can’t exactly say he told you so.”
“I appreciate your efforts on my behalf,” said Sherlock, in a roundabout thank-you that he saw made John smile again (if it he could see that it was a little less so than before).
Then Shan’s voice, just audible on the other side of the door. “Do not question me again. Kill him and follow,” she said. “We cannot allow any witnesses. He will understand why we had to kill Holmes.”
“You don’t think,” said John, before Sherlock could say anything aloud, “that someone’s covering it up?”
want me knowing, so I just… pretend I don’t know.”
John blinked again, S-O-S, and then glanced down at his chest and back up.
Watson shrugged. "Part of the job," he said with a sigh. "Not like I didn't know there was a risk." He sighed again. "So what happens now?"
Hi all!
Molly was on her way out, a knitted cardigan replacing her usual white lab coat and her hair, for once, down and out of her standard ponytail, when Sherlock reached the doors. When she spotted him, Molly jumped in surprise and dropped her keys with a loud clatter on the asphalt.
“I’d apologize, but that’s not your thing. Next time could you actually, I dunno, buy food?”
Sherlock tasted blood.
“Shall we go?” he said, as he drew even with Sherlock at the side of the cab.
“Carl Powers,” said Sherlock reverently.
There, by the edge of the pool, was Sherlock.
“How, precisely?”
“I’m sorry if I don’t…” Sherlock searched for the right word. “… appreciate you enough. You are a great help to me. Don’t tell the skull, but I like you more.”
John took the bag (with a care not to bump hands, though he noticed Sherlock was wearing gloves), unzipping it to look inside.
Then again, this
Mycroft, I'm pretty sure I speak for all of us when I say... fuck off please and thanks?
Sherlock ate.
Or – discovered.
By noon the next day, Sherlock was waiting for Lestrade to arrive with his informant and Gruner’s ex. He paced the living room, while John peered out the window to the street below, until at last John said, “That’s Greg’s car.”
Every passing second was bringing more confusion instead of more answers, and the headache pounding away at his brain wasn’t helping. John ran his hands over his eyes, taking a deep, measured breath.
One familiar voice.
Now, of course, they need to get out of there...
?” John insisted. He seemed to be fighting to keep hold of the last vestiges of his composure. “
He took a breath, and touched Yao’s bloody cheek.
And thanks for your kudos, subs, bookmarks, and comments!
“Just until the storm that is my brother blows over,” said Sherlock, in what he hoped was an assuring statement.
Meet me at the Yard ASAP. –GL
Lying in the dark, his nose a few centimeters from the lid of a coffin, he was inclined to think it was a
Sherlock did not like this. He did not like this.
“My perspective is different, perhaps,” said Soo Lin. “I am not someone who wants to maintain their position within the organization. I am someone who wants to leave it. So perhaps I am unwilling to wait for instructions for as long as they are because I am… disillusioned enough with all of it to look at the bigger picture. I have heard nothing since Gruner was handed over to the police, and no one else in the Black Lotus has received any instructions since my brother died. I… I think my worth to our employer, like that of so many others, may have run its course. And I think the same can be said for the rest of the Black Lotus.”
It just was. But that didn’t matter to him.
He pinched himself.
“It’s about
related to the same Moriarty, then the only thing that marks them as Moriarty’s handiwork is that they are all nearly perfect in their inscrutability.”
than a client, do you?” John demanded.
Sherlock was not one for getting ahead of himself, but how could he resist this?
, wasn’t a safe option anymore. He could figure out what to do next with Sherlock. First, he just had to get the hell out of here without ruining Sherlock’s life in the process.
~o~O~o~
“Know who that is?” Sherlock grinned at John. “Do
“No, no, of course, no touching,” agreed John, nodding. He could be careful. But a thought occurred then, and John pursued it. “So, wait. You were working on investigating my death, yeah? That’s part of your job. You touch dead people and ask them how they died so you can catch the killers?”
“—could have phoned,” Amberley was saying angrily to Lestrade. “There was no need to drag me all the way out to Essex and to here to find out that no one actually knows anything. I don’t like having my time wast—“
“… I’ll pass, thanks,” said John, heart starting to race a little, very much planning to step back inside and lock the door behind him.
"I don't need to know your name, do I—Gordon?"
YOU KNOW YOU’RE DOING GOOD WORK WHEN PEOPLE WHO WERE RECENTLY TRYING TO KILL YOU ARE COMING TO YOU FOR HELP
The car ride passed in silence.
couldn’t.”
John shook his head very slightly. “No.”
"Well, I mean, it's been a fun five minutes," said Watson. "And I guess now I know what happened."
Sherlock glanced over at him, noting the change in posture. “You all right?”
This couldn’t be anything like John’s near body-snatching.
“How far do you think he’s willing to go?” asked John.
“Yeah, but you’re practically a vampire, so.”
The first ring had barely finished before Sherlock had seized the phone and answered it.
The cup was still there, untouched, the tea having long since gone cold.
~o~O~o~
this is the price
After a few minutes of winding through the building, he reached a door labeled ‘EXIT’, with a sign indicating it faced in the direction of Nine Elms Street. Sherlock threw the door open and charged up the steps three at a time until he pushed through outer doors to find himself standing on the lawn at the south side of the building in the shadow of the Vauxhall Bridge.
I’m allowed to have.”
So Sherlock had spoken with several of his Homeless Network, and sent them out. By nightfall, he should begin to hear the first shreds of information, and by morning, he would have everything he needed to know. His Network had never failed before.
going to get away.”
“Then, do you know his full name?” asked Mycroft, with a sense of urgency that made it clear he was indifferent to the details of
“Must make you feel a little less guilty about the cabbie being dead, too,” said Sherlock idly.
“It’s fine,” replied John, with only a little of the usual bitterness. “I’m used to it.”
“Kitty? I’m sure of it,” said Sherlock. “She might face a small fine for aggravated assault, but considering the circumstances, I think the sentence will probably be lenient.”
After a long moment, John paled a little. “Oh.”
Because of his Gift, Sherlock had avoided any and all physical contact with other people for the vast majority of his life. With John in particular, where the slightest contact could be deadly, his motivation to avoid it altogether was only that much greater.
Thanks! :D
“Don’t wait up,” said Sherlock at last in a brusque farewell, and before John had so much as opened his mouth to reply, raising a hand, Sherlock had swept out the door and was halfway down the stairs, the door closing behind him with a soft click.
When they returned to the surveillance room the next day (Mycroft again meeting them in the lobby and escorting them through the many doors and security checkpoints), the only noticeable difference was the number of people moving around the hallways. Before, it had only been the three of them and a handful of security personnel; now, there was Mycroft’s secretary, and other secretaries, and a handful of intimidating-looking men and women milling about the door to the room housing Moran. When they entered, the surveillance station had been improved, and a member of Mycroft’s security detail was monitoring the video feed.
“You heard me,” said Sherlock. “He’s blackmailing them with nude photos.”
“Sherlock,” came John’s voice from somewhere nearby, and Sherlock instinctively jumped, now on high alert against any and all human contact. Especially with John.
a doctor. Sudden strange behavior was something he was supposed to address.
Watson stared at him.
Without that information, he had nothing. He had no way to know what would happen if Moriarty touched John.
“As it happens, no,” said Sherlock, thrusting his hands deep in his coat pockets, not wanting to face scrutiny.
He kicked the door. Then he shoved at it. Then he pushed against it, hard, leaning into it with his right shoulder. But between his tired arms and legs, still heavy from the drug that had been used to knock him out, and the stifling, bulky coat he was wearing, he barely managed to shake the door in its frame.
Sherlock rubbed his temples with one hand, while the other traced one finger around the rim of his mug. “That’s a loaded question.”
“My neighbor, Dr. Ray Ernest. He’s the bastard that went and ran off with the missus. The way he looked at her when he came around…”
“At his residence tomorrow afternoon,” said Sherlock, typing up a short acceptance and sending it. “Just thought you’d like to know.”
“Where to?” asked the cabbie.
Sherlock let out a slow sigh.
And arrived at his answer.
“How are we going to figure out what it means?” asked John. “I mean, numbers are pretty vague; there must be hundreds of number-based codes. And it being a Chinese numbering system complicates things, as I’m fairly confident neither of us know any Chinese.”
“How about we just get this over with?” suggested John. As eager as Sherlock was to avoid dealing with a doctor (any doctor, even this one), John was equally eager to get going. He’d been watching Sherlock sitting in the back of ambulances and police cars for the better part of two hours, refusing everything other than the occasional bottle of water. He wasn’t about to let Sherlock’s pigheadedness inhibit his wellbeing again, at least not tonight.
“… I swear to God working with you has aged me prematurely,” said Lestrade.
THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE THE TIMELINE WHERE YOU WERE OKAY, SOO LIN
“I’m sure you’ve gotten more than I did. I’m just a lowly former army doctor who now spends his time being beholden to a brilliant detective. What could I—“
Feeling the wall cautiously in the dark, Sherlock found the lights and turned them on, illuminating the hallway—and revealing a security system mounted on the wall near the door. “Oh,” he said, not at all fazed. “So security isn’t
“I can use our communication system to try to find the sniper,” said Soo Lin. “I think it will be possible for me to give you his location, and then I will leave it to you and the people you trust to catch him.”
John smirked, just a little. “Is that a compliment?”
“Oh, fuck off,” said John, laughing and waving Sherlock away. “Be careful. See you later.”
A shocking amount of bright red blood was streaming down his face from his nose, which he was doing absolutely nothing to stop. He looked suddenly wan and utterly exhausted, like he’d run a marathon in the last twenty minutes.
,” said Moriarty, a little more sharply. “They
“I just can’t believe it was a cab driver,” said Lestrade, for perhaps the tenth time in the last few minutes. “Much less
“You should already be worried,” said Mycroft, and John got the impression that he was debating how much more to say. “We all need to be worried. But for now, wait. And keep an eye on him. Sherlock… and I… will have need of you. I will be in touch, and you may need to be ready on a moment’s notice. But for now, just – look after him.”
By the time the sun had risen over the rooftops of Baker Street, Sherlock had written a summary of his work with the shoes and its implications for the decades-old record of Carl Powers’ death.
“If Moriarty is as dangerous as we think he is,” said John, eyes still fixed on the downstairs landing, “then shouldn’t Sherlock be going out there with some kind of backup, at the very least?”
“I’m not a child,” said Sherlock loudly. “I can take care of myself.”
Sherlock locked eyes with his older brother. “There’s a bomb,” he said flatly, and he pointed at John’s chest.
Sherlock I swear to God you're the reason I've gone grey-haired
“Why a minute?” asked John, like the predictable moron he was, and Sherlock’s entire mental alarm system went off, flashing ‘PROCEED WITH CAUTION’ in all sectors.
Sherlock held up his hands and gestured sharply, making John jerk back a step to stop from bumping into Sherlock and accidentally touch him. “Permit me to explain.”
"You're an arse, sometimes, you know," said Lestrade.
Sherlock was not a man who was often prone to panic, or even doubt, but the sudden realization of what he had just done—or rather, what he had
, a dead person, can’t joke about dying, then no one can.”
Every direction offered ways for Moran to melt into the surroundings and get away. To his right lay the Thames and the bridge; to his left were highways and train tracks; St. George Wharf stretched on in front of him. He scanned the surrounding area. He could already hear the wail of approaching sirens from police cars and firetrucks, but neither of those was going to help. Most pedestrians in the area were in the process of hurrying back from the building—and it’d be so easy, so painfully easy, for Moran to just melt into the crowd and vanish…
John paused, and then he nodded numbly, making to leave.
“Keeping an eye on the house,” Amberley said harshly, his tone bitter.
Sherlock blinked, uncomprehendingly. But beside Yao, John suddenly gasped.
“I thought as much.” The Detective had a few of his own, if he was honest. However, he wanted clear and concise answers. “Might I suggest you catalogue and compile your questions, and we may discuss things fully in the morning? I doubt you have the mental clarity desirable for such a heady conversation after the night’s events.”
John blinked. “Great,” he said, feeling apprehensive and cross at the same time. “Then let’s make this quick, if you don’t mind.”
Hope you're all well and safe and happy. <3 Thanks for sticking with me! You're all wonderful <3
“First you scold me for smoking at all, and now you scold me for my subpar selection?” said Mycroft, though he too was scowling at the cigarette poised between his fingers. “After everything I’ve done to assist you over the last few weeks, I really don’t think you should be criticizing me.”
Now, presented unexpectedly with the visual proof that he had been very much dead only a few weeks ago, he found it made him feel sick.
strand in a massive web and it extends over at least three countries and tens of millions of pounds. I already knew the Black Lotus existed, but now I know what their purpose was when they partnered with him, even if now they’re more like his spies than his smugglers. Moriarty is cutting Gruner loose and getting rid of him, so clearly he doesn’t need Gruner’s services, which means he doesn’t need to intend the Black Lotus as smugglers anymore. And casting Gruner aside so carelessly emphasizes that the money is no object to him at this point. What’s more, Moriarty doesn’t care about the people he works with. If the first case was about his skill, the second is about his power. I think the real question now is what the point of the next case will be.”
As always, thanks so much for reading and commenting <3 I really appreciate it!
John bit his lip again, and then gingerly touched the sleeve of Sherlock’s coat, far from any exposed skin, in what he hoped was a comforting gesture. “Do you want some tea? Or do you need time alone?”
he decides it’s time to kill you. So we have to try whatever leads we can find that aren’t pointless from the start.”
he gets Moriarty’s protection. And that enables Gruner to continue his little side-business of blackmailing his exes on the side. Gruner makes a fortune, and I imagine he was pleased to have access to all of the priceless antiques Moriarty was bringing in. I’m sure Moriarty helped build his private collection as a means of buying his loyalty. And Gruner will never admit it, but I’m sure he has Moriarty to thank for making sure the witness to his wife’s murder is dead. Perhaps that’s how they met.”
He stopped at the door, opening it quietly, and located the small mass under the blankets that was John. From his position at the door a safe distance away, Sherlock drew his arm back and chucked the pillow at the spot where he estimated John’s head was.
Sherlock to follow him.
. Honestly, what the hell was Myc—
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m fine,” said John, in a voice that suggested he was anything but. He wiped his bleeding nose on the back of his sleeve (which did nothing but smear the blood even more). He glanced at Mycroft. “Was that what you wanted to happen?”
“What are you doing?” asked John. “Going out a fire escape in a stairwell is supposed to be better than a door?”
Sherlock leaned forward with the punch, reaching over his head to grab the arm the fist was attached to and haul his attacker over his shoulder. Sherlock was lean, and tall, but he was all muscle. He might not be able to out-hit an opponent, but he could outmaneuver them. The only question was if he could outmaneuver all of them fast enough to get away.
I LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIVE
John paused in the middle of donning a dark jacket. “… Do you really feel that way?’
Also, hooray for the recent surplus in badass John. It's been needed for far too long. I hope I write him well enough to pull it off!
This was not happening.
Mycroft’s face was blank. “He’s made it twenty-five years without me. He’s never wanted my help, in anything.”
“Might I have a look around?” asked John, trying to take charge. “I should examine where your wife took the money and securities from, as well as any other, um, important places in the house.”
“Who knows?” replied Sherlock. “These people certainly don’t. The only person capable of asking you what you know, John, is me. Ordinary people cannot ask the dead for answers. If they could, the world would be a very different place. But my abilities are entirely unique to me. Believe me, I have done the appropriate searches and made the correct inquiries. If there was anyone else who could do this, I should think he or she would be known to me. Instead, it is down to you and I to figure out what it is these people are so set on covering up.”
?!” he said loudly.
(See the end of the chapter for
,” said Sherlock once more with a severe sort of finality.
“And if I am?” he said.
It felt, just a little bit, like a peace offering.
There was another gunshot overhead.
During that time, John slept restlessly in one of the waiting room chairs, his head listing to the side and bobbing every few seconds.
“But I doubt he believed me,” added Lestrade.
“Except there are no distractions here,” said Sherlock. He drummed his fingers on his chair agitatedly. “We just sit and wait and no one says anything. I hate hospitals.”
“Because he kept them. Preserved them. Like they were some kind of trophy.”
A case that
Mycroft looked at him.
Sherlock stared at him for a long minute.
probably crushing a cupcake in one hand on the verge of a fit of rage
Shan paused, and regarded Sherlock intently. “Yes. You have a good memory.”
John smiled tiredly. “Guess we need it. I was so tired that I didn’t even hear Sherlock come in last night.”
“Well… perhaps I am, but out of curiosity more than anything else.”
Sherlock had already staggered to Lestrade, who was halfway through offering him a ride home.
Sherlock was making to pocket his phone when he felt it buzz in his hand again. He raised his eyebrows.
“Correct,” said Sherlock succinctly, and he fell silent. If he was being obvious, it was a more complicated issue than just John’s usefulness. He knew that. He was lying to himself if he tried to pretend it was as simple as being ‘for the Case’. There was that something about John Watson that he was trying to figure out, but he could not put this into words.
“I could poke you with my harpoon, if that’s preferable.”
“Oh, so you spy on me and search the mail.” John crossed his arms. “I’m amazed you even need to talk to me, considering you seem to know a hell of a lot about my daily life.”
as it was locked for good measure—and raised his eyebrows. His lips curled with a small smile. “I’ll admit,” he said after a long moment, “I wasn’t expecting to see
"I suppose so." Lestrade shook his head tiredly, clearly still wrapping his head around things. "I should head back to the Yard. See what I can dig up. Probably nothing, but it's worth a try. At least I can put in my two pence on upping the threat level."
“You’re not very chatty, are you? Hm. Hopefully Sherlock’s more of a conversationalist when he gets here. Should be soon. He chose the time and place, after all.”
“Very considerate of you,” Sherlock snapped sarcastically, before hurrying the rest of the way upstairs, without bothering to explain anything at all.
“Ugh, Christ, not on the table where we eat.”
Sherlock could see it in his mind, the connections forming between the cases and the puzzles and the branches of Moriarty’s network, from his first meeting with John to this moment. Delicate, brilliant connections that he had just – missed. That he had thought impossible. He had become so comfortable in his solitude that he’d never even considered the possibility of another person with the same Gift. The signs were there but he’d failed to see them for what they were. How many times had he convinced himself that Moriarty couldn’t know about his Gift in the two months since he’d brought John back to life? Why had he convinced himself that it had to be impossible for Moriarty, if it was possible for him? It was improbable, beyond all reasonable odds—but he should have known better than to think it was impossible.
He and the two remaining intruders stared one another down, for just a beat, before all three went down in a tangle of kicks and limbs.
“We were watching Connie Prince,” added John, giving Sherlock some sort of pointedly weary look that was utterly lost on the Detective.
“Yeah, I know,” said John, peering closely at Sherlock’s head and neck through the haze with one hand still on Sherlock’s shoulder. “But I need to make sure you
Sherlock shrugged. “Good question. I wish I knew the answer. Since we don’t have one, all we can do is be alert and cautious. There’s a reason you’re staying cooped up in here for the time being.”
Sherlock paused, and looked up. Lestrade was hopping out of his car, waving at him from across the parking lot. Sherlock changed course, sulking towards the policeman.
“The problem is, even you might be at death’s mercy this time around, if Moriarty really is planning to get rid of you.” Mycroft paced a few steps. “We both know there’s a plan to kill you being made right now. It may already be in motion. This could be the endgame. It probably is.”
“Get out.”
The facts were these:
“I’d rather not have to,” replied John, glancing at him pointedly. “And if I do have to, I might drop you.”
“Something unusual about it?”
John looked from one man to the other. “Your what?” he finally prompted.
“Out where?” persisted John. When Sherlock gave him a look that said quite clearly that John had clearly spent too much time with Mrs. Hudson learning her ways, John sighed and said, “Look, I want to know what’s going on. Fair?”
John frowned. “I do?”
They looked at each other for a moment.
Sherlock froze.
The call was rejected after one ring.
“Wait here,” Mycroft snapped at his driver the second the car had come to a stop, and he climbed out of the car with John in close pursuit. “We need to
“No, not really,” said John, not sure how to explain. “I just… I know that this is where I’m supposed to be. What’s the point in having a second life if I don’t fight for it? However much time I get this time around, I want to spend it doing something meaningful. I don’t think that’s unreasonable.”
Molly smiled and awkwardly patted Sherlock’s arm. “If you’re planning on waiting here, it’s still going to be a while, but she should be fine. I’ll check in later and let you know if I hear anything has changed.”
“No, I mean…” John turned around again to look at Sherlock pointedly. “
Sherlock snorted derisively.
And I WILL be finishing this story, so please don’t worry about this story getting abandoned 6 chapters from the end XD I’m just slow sometimes
When the first text came in at precisely 9:23 that night, Sherlock’s mobile buzzing once on the table some feet away, Sherlock dove at his phone with such a loud exclamation that John instinctively jerked back from the computer and slammed it shut halfway through a video of baby otters gamboling merrily around a zoo enclosure.
It was, as it had always been, Sherlock alone against the world.
. “Do we really need to get back to Baker Street right now?” he asked.
“No,” was the sullen retort.
They went over Sherlock’s injuries, which provided Sherlock with some measure of something like entertainment. For the most part, his bruises looked even worse than before (as expected) and there was nothing that caused John any real concern. After some spectacularly whiny insistence, John showed Sherlock his own stitched shoulder, which occupied Sherlock for a good twenty minutes before the fidgeting began.
“Yes.”
The Detective lowered his phone to give John his full attention. His expression was equal parts worried, amused, and exasperated. “I’m usually the one who gets wound up over things like this.”
“I’ll see you when you get back,” said John. “Just don’t get abducted or something stupid on the way.”
Sherlock shifted, burying his hands in the pockets of his coat. “Everything we do is a choice. Tea or coffee, Tube or cab, fifty-nine seconds or sixty seconds. We make choices, and live with consequences. If someone gets hurt along the way, we must learn to cope with the responsibility or ask for forgiveness. It's the best anyone can do.” He cleared his throat. “Though I did not realize it at the time, that was a choice. A largely unconscious one, but an active choice in some part of my mind. The dismissal of the passage of time is a choice in some way or another. And I am certain there is a reason for it. I am an impulsive individual, but I am not a stupid one. There is cause for everything that I do.”
“More or less.”
Lestrade coughed loudly, glancing between the two of them anxiously, and said, “How about we rejoin Mycroft so he can fill us in on how this started? I think we’re all missing a few details.”
, Sherlock thought, with a hint of disappointment. This was going to be just as tedious and infuriating and patronizing as it was with any doctor.
John managed to stop smiling. It seemed a little impolite to laugh, even when Sherlock was being this ridiculous. “How so?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You can just say ‘interrogations’, Mycroft. For God’s sake, you’ve already abducted
“Horrible boss, like I said,” said John, grimacing.
“Borrowed.”
She smiled when she saw him. “Oh, hi, Sherlock, hi,” she said, dropping the box of gloves as she went to wave, diving to pick them up off the floor, and standing up once more with substantially redder cheeks. “How are you?”
“Let me worry about Moran’s whereabouts,” Mycroft said coolly. “For the time being, at least.”
Sherlock gave John a withering look. “Moriarty gave us these shoes to see if I would find my way back to Carl Powers. So think. Why would he have these shoes some twenty years after the fact unless he’d acquired them when Carl Powers actually died? Moriarty almost certainly had to be connected with Carl’s death. Even if he isn’t personally responsible, we already know he’s sponsored killers. And hires them.”
Sherlock could see them over his shoulder, and knew the other man was one of the Black Lotus, and was armed. The Black Lotus fighter raised his gun, fast, aiming right at John, but John was faster—he fired twice, hitting the man in the hand so that he dropped the gun with a yell, and then in the foot so that he just dropped.
wanted his body. Is it that hard to believe there might be others hoping to find or destroy any evidence? Though admittedly they would not have been able to discuss the existence of any such evidence with him, as we did. Which is something of an advantage for us. We’re the only ones who could ask the dead for their definitive evidence.”
At this very moment in London, the Detective was sitting in his flat scowling at his mobile, which had chosen this moment halfway through his experiment on post-mortem blood coagulation to ring.
“If he did, you could go for coffee,” said John, but the attempt at sarcastic humor was utterly wasted on Sherlock, since he probably
John nodded.
“That makes no sense? I know it doesn’t. It seems utterly unique. Who would sponsor a serial killer? It requires a special sort of person.” Sherlock was grinning now. It was like Christmas. “Someone who really does want to just watch the world burn.”
, Johnny-boy.
Sherlock shook his head. “My brother’s already sent a car for us.”
Sherlock looked at the building without much in the way of enthusiasm. “This had better be worth getting out of bed, Inspector. I told you I was only interested in things that might be relevant to Moriarty.”
Moriarty raised a hand, and snapped his fingers once.
And yet, this small hideaway on the third floor was as quiet and ordinary as John could have hoped for, and the sight of the slightly dusty but welcoming twin bed was enough to exact a long sigh of relief.
The three of them moved awkwardly through the crowd, weaving between clusters of distracted people—mostly paramedics, police officers, and people who had evacuated the building—and made their way to Mycroft. The elder Holmes brother was standing at the edge of the crowd, leaning against the trunk of a black sedan. Now that they were outside, it was easy to see how shaken he was. His normally-immaculate clothes were creased, dirty in places, and wreaked of smoke. He was whey-faced, his expression grim and half-obscured by an oxygen mask he was holding over his mouth and nose.
The world stood still.
The THUNK of the phone landing on the floor seemed to shake John from his thoughts and he sat up a little straighter. “Okay,” said the doctor, rubbing the back of his neck with one hand and trying to sound level. “Okay. This is mental. But okay. This works.”
—“ Mycroft gestured to John, not looking at him, not breaking eye contact with Sherlock “—then let’s have a discussion like adults.”
“Good. I don’t want to fight with you. Especially not after you confronted Moriarty because of me.”
“’Why’ doesn’t matter,” said Sherlock.
In any event, back to regularly scheduled updates for the foreseeable future! Huzzah! Huzzah! It's about time!
“Can you blame me for checking?” said John.
But if he was alone, he would not have to make this decision at all.
“You won’t be able to—that area is restricted to employees only.”
“Um…” said John, angling the shoe this way and that. “They’re in good nick. Fairly new, from the looks of them… though the sole is pretty worn, so then the owner must have had them for a while and been pretty meticulous about taking care of them. Something of an 80’s look to them, so a retro design, maybe.”
Mycroft didn’t say anything, but Sherlock could see a contradiction in his expression.
“All good?” John asked, frowning, and then his eyes widened. “So—she’s okay? She left? She’s all right?”
“There’s just something different about these cases. Something
with death, with the risk, makes him even more dangerous.”
Sherlock shook his head. “Don’t be. It’s not you.”
John stared at the photograph.
John: how about you don’t, you lanky git
John continued to smile. “It’s my job,” he said. “Sort of. It was my job, before. At least I know I serve a purpose when shit like this happens.”
made decent headway. All
,” snapped Sherlock. He could feel the airtight grasp he’d strived to maintain on it all unraveling. He needed to regain command of the situation, and the first step would be making Lestrade stop talking.
in me. Tell me.”
Sherlock made a face. “That’s the idea, at least.”
are you
“Oh sure, don’t mind me!” the woman answered merrily.
~o~O~o~
John looked at the skull on the mantel over the fireplace.
“Just shut up and do whatever you’re going to do.”
John dropped his hand.
For instance, “Abaddon”, in
“Excuse me, but this doesn’t make any bloody sense,” John retorted. “You spend a week looking around for a message from Moriarty, and come back with a pair of shoes which is somehow supposed to be deep and meaningful. Unless knowing Moriarty is a size 6 is helpful, I don’t get it. How do you even know these are the message?”
Then again, perhaps it
to interrogate him, so I don’t think we’re going to judge you for ‘pointedly questioning’ Moriarty’s personal assassin.”
“Not a chance,” said Sherlock automatically.
“I could say the same to you! According to you, John Watson, I’m fantastic one minute and a moron the next, without ever keeping the actual knowledge in context!”
Sherlock paused. “… The sniper.”
“At the second I should have touched you again to make you return to being dead, I could not think. I did not think. One second earlier and I would have done it, but at that precise second, my control over my train of thought was suspended long enough to let the minute pass. If I had touched you again before sixty seconds had elapsed, then there wouldn’t be a problem. But I didn’t. And after the minute had passed, what was the point? That would be wasting the chance to gather information from you. About you. For you.” Sherlock was at a loss. He did not know how to comfort people. And there was no precedent for a situation like this one. There was (though Sherlock thought this was a horrendous oversight on the universe’s part) no established guide on how to reassure the living that they ought to be living. No matter how incredible the circumstances.
“No. And, besides, we probably want to make sure you get to keep what’s left of your nose.”
“No,” said John. And he meant it. “It’s easy for me to feel like an idiot next to you, but I always remember that you’re an idiot too. I’m sorry, Sherlock.”
“I touched a body and nothing happened,” said Sherlock, panic creeping back into his voice. “Do you understand?
Moriarty crouched, sitting on his heels next to Zhi Zhu’s body. He stuck out his bottom lip a little, a mournful expression on his face as he looked at the dead man. “Seems like a bit of a waste to have killed him now, doesn’t it? All that talent, all that usefulness, just—poof.” He made a gesture like a little explosion with his hands. “I do that. I have so many stupid little underlings. I spend all this time choosing them carefully, making sure they’re efficient and compliant and reliable, but then they mess up and
There was no point in panicking, there was no point in panicking—but there was no point in telling himself not to panic either. It was out of his hands now. And if he was correct, like he so often was, then he had good reason to panic.
“He wouldn’t talk to you?”
Somehow, in all those television shows about law enforcement, the part of the case where the investigation stalled still managed to be interesting. It provided time for those key minutes of character development before someone came running in with a photo or a stack of incriminating documents or a bit of poignant footage from a security tape. Then everything would take off again at full speed.
know—should be enough to tell you that things are different with this case. For Sherlock. And I think he needs you now. More than he’s ever needed you.”
i need to lie down now
Lestrade scowled. "Are you
Kitty shrieked with rage and flew at Gruner, who had just enough time to turn around, thereby facilitating Kitty’s perfectly executed kick to his groin. Gruner dropped like a stone with a howl. Sherlock stepped forward and kicked Gruner’s gun across the room and out of reach where it slid under one of the many glass cabinets. Kitty, oblivious to anything but her tormenter, went in for another well-aimed kick, and Sherlock decided this was as good an opportunity as any to locate Gruner’s camera.
There was a knock downstairs, and a moment later a knock at their own door. Mrs. Hudson opened the door and stepped in, holding the door for the people behind her. Lestrade filed in, along with a woman John didn’t recognize, before she left.
John, Lestrade, and Amberley arrived at the Haven a short while later. As soon as they pulled up in front of the house, Amberley exclaimed, “Oh damn, I left the windows closed! My apologies, it’s going to be suffocating in there.”
Sherlock eventually ground the rest of the cigarette into the pavement with his heel. It was impossible to maintain a smoking habit in London. He’d need to get back to nicotine patches. Perhaps tonight was a good time to simply make this business a three patch problem. After all, the toxins used in several crimes still looked potentially promising. With so little information to use as his starting base, the night called for multiple patches. And perhaps a cup of tea, if John was still awake when he returned.
“No one else thought so. I read about it in the papers when I was a kid.” Sherlock had his eyes fixed on the shoes sitting on the kitchen table, brow furrowed slightly as he thought back some twenty-one years, five months, nine days, nineteen hours, and forty-seven minutes.
!” as he tied the thread.
“I don’t think you have any idea how unique that makes you.”
John frowned. “You need what?”
“Pretty much,” grumbled John, but after a couple more minutes, he dragged himself out of bed and started dressing for the day, pausing every few seconds to yawn.
Sherlock grunted once in response and hung up, miserably setting aside the tray of toes he had in front of him and corking the opened bottles in his chemistry kit. How could he refuse Lestrade? Dull as the well-intentioned, fumbling idiot of a policeman was.
Molly gave him an unconvinced look, which John met with one of total certainty. But then Molly laughed again, cheeks still pink, and finally got to her feet. She brushed a wayward strand of hair behind her ear. “Anyway. I’d better go before Sherlock comes back and realizes I know who you are. But I hope we see each other again soon.”
—“ The policeman gestured sharply in John’s direction, and John shifted uneasily “—a secret from me.”
Obviously in Pushing Daisies there was never a criminal or villain or anyone who had the same abilities as Ned (but HAHA can you imagine), so we are officially in uncharted waters in that respect.
had been fleeing the scene that night. Whatever else had happened under cover of night.
“What?” said John absently. “Oh, um, yes. Might have a lead. Not sure.”
CARL POWERS IS A SIGN THAT EVERYTHING'S ABOUT TO GO TO HELL IN A HAND BASKET
Moriarty made a face. “Ha. I’ve done it before. People always want something. People are always willing to make a deal with the devil for the right price.”
Sherlock coolly shoved his phone into his coat pocket and adjusted his lab coat before he started down the hall at a nonchalant pace. John fell in just a step behind him without pause.
—up on recent developments. ”
Sherlock frowned at him. “Are you really
“Moriarty,” he and Sherlock finished in unison.
meanwhile, Lestrade
But Mycroft didn’t so much as blink. “I have a right to take an interest in my own brother’s life. Especially when you seem to have so little regard for your personal safety.”
Sherlock paused. “Maybe Lestrade can assist with protection.” When John gave an approving nod, Sherlock continued, and finally sent the text.
He wasn’t sure.
The third case was to prove how far he was willing to go.
“Did he just confess to being the serial suicides killer, and therefore the man responsible for the murders of four people that we know of—and very nearly five if not for the fact that my keeping John Watson alive prevented an attempt on my life? Yes, yes, he did.” Sherlock tried not to sound smug.
Lestrade hurriedly stowed the camera and cards in his car before waving his officers towards the house. Within minutes, Gruner was bundled out the door, handcuffed and practically dragging the officers along in his wake in an effort to get away from Kitty. Sherlock stayed waiting on the sidewalk for a moment, then turned and walked to the next street over to flag a cab.
Sherlock looked at the red lights, and then again turned his gaze around the room. He spoke, loudly, almost confidently, except John knew him well enough to know it was anything but. “Then let’s talk. You don’t need to persuade me. You have my undivided attention.”
“Ha,” said Sherlock loudly. “Let me tell you why. You are, in all official records, dead—and my brother
“You never sleep, you don’t eat, and you’re only interested in things involving blood or dead people.”
of use.” Mycroft sighed. “Just make him
Sherlock gestured again with John’s gun, still pacing. “He doesn’t want me dead yet.”
“If that was the best you could do at humor, then yeah, that was more than a bit not good.”
“Morning,” said John uncertainly, rolling his shoulders. “Did you sleep?”
Young Sherlock was always the freak after this.
At first, it was easy. The morning after the rescue, John woke early, with the intention of checking on Sherlock, who was almost always wrapped up in some case or experiment by this hour. But the flat was quiet and the living room was empty, and on further inspection, John found the other man was asleep in his room, sleeping so deeply that even John’s quiet knock on the slightly-open door didn’t wake him. Smirking amusedly, John retreated to the kitchen—leaving Sherlock to sleep—and settled in with a book and a cup of tea.
His eyes opened, and swiftly closed of their own accord.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You can’t touch me. It’s not just a bad idea, it’s an idiotically bad one.”
Or maybe he’d be a tremendous pushover and would leave Sherlock alone, with the application of the correct amount of sulking.
," hissed Sherlock, tripping back a few steps out of Watson's reach, a hand flying up to hold his now-throbbing forehead.
“Sherlock,” John repeated, sterner this time. “You couldn’t last a week as me.”
John nodded jerkily, letting a numb dread replace his panic and his headache and his confusion.
All aboard the angst train... Mycroft you unbelievable tool
John hissed through his teeth at the next stitch (somehow, it wasn’t getting any less painful) but couldn’t quite stop the growling “Complete buggering,
“Stay here and out of sight,” confirmed Sherlock. Out of sight and out of mind, ideally. Out of Lestrade’s mind in particular, the great, blundering, stupid,
How are you going to get out of this one, John? Huh? Huh?!?! HUH?!?
“I was working to fake his death in exchange for his silence regarding my history of prescription opiate abuse.”
John held up a hand. “Okay. But—“
John intervened. “I thought
John swallowed. “So now—“
“That’s why I brought John back in the first place,” Sherlock went on. “Since he died tending to the informant, and his body escaped similar massive posthumous damage, I thought he might have heard or seen something.”
—“ John jumped, his heart leaping into his throat, his hand flinching away from the zipper at the voice, so close that it sounded as if it was inside his head.
“Hey,” said John.
He stood there, looking down the now empty street and replaying everything Moran had said, word for word, piece by piece. The eleven weeks, two days, six hours, and fifty-eight minutes that had passed since he and Lestrade first touched on a crime orchestrated by Moriarty suddenly seemed unbearably short, culminating in a sudden stop that was fast approaching. And more than that—the fate and final course of so many lives would be decided in that time. He felt sick thinking it.
“Three years ago.”
Lestrade stood in the hallway for a moment, glaring at the distant door through which Sherlock had just vanished.
Lestrade put his hands on his hips like Sherlock was an errant child about to get a scolding. “You’re a mess, Sherlock. I mean it,
“If you say so,” said John, feeling somewhat skeptical. To him, it didn’t sound like much real progress. It wasn’t as if they had a name to look for. The sniper had military training, sure—but that just meant it was someone who was either in the military, or someone who had retired or been discharged, or just someone who’d received official training as a foreign recruit or even a mercenary. It said nothing about age, sex, heritage, looks…
The facts were these:
“I believe we are dealing with an
"So what was so special about this one that it took an extra eight minutes? Huh?!"
Sherlock paused for a moment longer, before he grabbed his coat off the back of the door and tugged it on. “Are you coming?” demanded Sherlock.
John knew who Moran was.
something, even if he wasn’t sure quite what yet.
DON'T YOU KNOW, JOHN
Mycroft’s brows furrowed slightly. “Sure about what, exactly?”
A somewhat longer chapter than usual, but no less ridiculous!
John let out a dry laugh. “So the cipher to the code was sitting in our flat all along. Of course it was.”
“Look, I really don’t think it’s going to be that bad,” said John. After all, he’d been more or less sitting around all day waiting for news, and he wasn’t even half as despondent as Sherlock was after twenty seconds facing the prospect of waiting for information. “Might be a good time to discuss the rent and whatever else we didn’t get to earlier.”
But John, of course, did look, to see Anderson and Donovan standing where they had been before, watching Sherlock distrustfully.
Sherlock said nothing, engrossed in his phone.
Moran leaned forward a little, his tone taking on an edge of condescension. “I’m sure you intended that to be a snappy reply where you throw my words in my face and that puts us on level ground… but to me, ‘sniper’ is a hell of a lot more intimidating than ‘doctor’.”
“It is a compliment.” After a moment, Sherlock continued, “And as if my brother’s change of heart wasn’t enough, we have even more to consider.”
The next morning, a pillow to the back of the head startled John out of a thoroughly restless night’s sleep.
“I’m going to kill him,” John informed the ceiling.
Sherlock stepped forward, looking more closely at the screens, and sure enough one of them showed a solitary man seated at a table. Mycroft transferred the feed to one of the largest screens, and the three of them gathered around it.
Doing my best to keep to a biweekly update schedule! There might be a one week delay with the next chapter depending on some travel, but we'll see. If there is, it'll be a long chapter to make up for it. Regardless, I've been doing a lot of planning with the long-term plot as well, so I've got a pretty good idea of the evil to come
“Is it stolen?” suggested John.
“I can’t possibly go out, I’m wearing my slippers…”
But then, at last, Moriarty spoke again.
John lowered his newspaper yet again to reveal a skeptic expression. “’S’cuse me?” he said.
“Oh, I think so,” said Sherlock. “I think this is just the beginning. It’s all going to lead somewhere.”
Sherlock, meanwhile, pulled a few of John’s handwritten pages toward himself, and sat down at the table. “A selection of unsolved cases within the London area for the last fifty years.” He examined John’s handwriting. “Where did you begin?”
“Thought it might be an interesting change of pace to have another set of eyes. I could use a medical examiner who can work with me without feeling offended every few seconds,” said Sherlock with a shrug. He lowered his voice as he reached Lestrade, so only the policeman could hear. “Not to mention keeping him in the flat for weeks on end is becoming difficult to sustain. I’m difficult, yes, but I’m not cruel. And he might be useful anyway. Is this going to be a problem?”
to hide from me.”
Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair distractedly. “Oh God, John, what must it be like inside your head, I wonder. It must be nice having everything be so… easy.”
John scowled. “Have you been spying on me?”
use him as a tool. But this was Lestrade, so Sherlock didn't really have a choice.
Enjoy!
“I know,” said John with a sigh. “So what are we…?”
To one side, Sherlock caught sight of two familiar faces. John was gesturing angrily to Lestrade, and both men glanced around the surrounding area at random intervals, as if waiting for someone to appear out of thin air. As Sherlock approached them, John cast his eyes about once again, and this time, they landed on Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded again, with a little smug satisfaction. “Go on.”
"What?" demanded Sherlock crossly, feeling more than a bit on edge.
Trying to speed things up a little in this chapter. Bit more decision-making than usual. The pace of this story is finally beginning to pick up a little.
John looked down at the sling and nodded. “Yeah. Really strange that the wound isn’t actually painful, but stitching still hurt. But I’m still hoping it’ll heal normally.”
Nothing could trace back to Sherlock. If he could keep Lestrade and all other prying eyes unaware of John’s presence in the flat for the time being, then it would all go away in time. It was a waiting game, and Sherlock was determined he’d win that as well.
Sherlock’s wrist was a bloody, bleeding mess. The cuffs had clearly dug into his skin from straining against them, and as a result, there was a surplus of dark bruising and long shallow cuts from where the metal had bit into his skin. Most of it had stopped bleeding, but that did little to make it look less painful. As frustrated as he evidently was, the concern in John’s expression easily won out, and he bit his lip. There was something above the injury as well, something on the skin, that made John pause.
“That’s subjective, overemotional, and stupid,” said Sherlock flatly. “The only thing worth being upset about is the constant insistence that everyone should stick their nose into my business and slow me down.”
Not all. Not
“Ask him,” answered Sherlock in exasperation, stepping past her to enter the building. “But in any event, I don’t plan on wasting time debating matters with you. You should try being informed for once—it’s a marvelous state of being.”
Sherlock and Mycroft turned back to the monitors showing live video of Moran’s room, in anticipation of John appearing on it in a few minutes. In the time it had taken for John to leave the room, Sherlock’s sense of unease had easily quadrupled in magnitude.
but goddamn
For now, I hope this proved a satisfactorily long AND OMINOUS chapter.
, to hell knows
“Well done, Mr. Holmes,” he said. “Too bad I died before I got to have a go against you.  You wouldn’t believe how pleased I was when I saw it was you who got in my cab.”
The man drew back a fist, but a cold voice rang out behind him. “Enough.”
“You can work this to your advantage,” said John. “Instead of automatically assuming every involved person is just a liability, find a way to maximize your reach.
“Everything comes back to tea with you,” said Sherlock, rolling his eyes, but then he turned and trudged out of the room and down the stairs—and after a pause, John followed suit, stopping only to set his gun in its usual drawer in his bedside table.
“Evening,” said John, rather mechanically.
“Probably,” said Sherlock. He stretched his long legs out on the front steps.
The sensation was relatively new to him, in light of this newfound and very personal responsibility for another person’s life, and he was already quite certain that he hated it.
A short, violent thud.
“No.”
“Mrs. Hudson’s going to skin you,” he said finally.
Sherlock’s muffled voice gained a sort of sharpness. “
“Then just tell me,” said Sherlock, sparing a brief glance at John. “Keep still, take deep breaths, and tell me.”
As always, your kudos, bookmarks, subs, and comments most of all are hugely hugely hugely appreciated. :D <3 Thanks so much for all of your support!
After his third cup of tea and a good hour of glaring loathingly at Sherlock every time Sherlock tried to talk about much of anything, John was willing to engage in actual conversation.
“… and he knows the risks. Which are already unlikely, and probably nothing to worry about. Besides, and perhaps most importantly of all, Moran is
“Fine,” said Sherlock shortly.
The next day, Young Sherlock made his way straight to the library as soon as classes were over. For him, answers always came from information. The library contained a fair number of tomes on martial arts techniques. This was all the coaching he required.
,” corrected Sherlock. “I think they are intentionally timed. It’s a masterstroke. Even I almost fell for it. I nearly passed on your case in favor of the serial suicides. It seemed more relevant on the surface. More engaging. Who would focus on the seemingly ordinary death of a soldier when there were rumors of mass suicides in London? No offense,” he added.
Sorry for the unexpectedly long delay in getting this chapter posted. It was the end of the semester, then Christmas, then travel, then start of the semester, then research, then sad personal things, then catching up on work afterwards -- so needless to say 2017 has been way too busy so far and I need it to chill
For a while, Sherlock and John stood in silence just inside the door, watching the street even after Soo Lin had vanished.
“The universe is rarely so lazy,” they both said in unison, and Sherlock glowered.
“We don’t need to be able to figure it out,” said Sherlock. “I think the message is clear.”
“You have to leave,” Sherlock repeated. “You can’t stay here anymore. You’re leaving Baker Street.”
the man in the photo. And he is dead in the photo. But he isn’t anymore.”
John seemed to know along what lines Sherlock was thinking. “Timer,” he said shortly. “Don’t be reckless.”
John: piss off
“It’s nothing,” said John quickly. “You don’t need to thank us.”
Sherlock sat back, head leaning against the pole he was handcuffed to. “Not doing a very good job, are you?”
I love you all ~ have a lovely day and see you soon (I promise!) with the next installment…
“Laws exist for a reason,” said Sherlock. “There are consequences when they are broken.”
“I’m not questioning it,” said John, holding up his hands in surrender. “Just be careful. Are you heading out?”
Sherlock scowled, and stepped over the threshold. “We’ve been doing this for days. Nothing’s happened yet, and Moriarty is unlikely to kill me right off the bat. You’re worrying too much.”
Equally because he feared John would soon catch on that he was hiding the complete truth and because John’s eyebrows might soon reach his hairline and vanish forever if he kept raising them like that, Sherlock clarified, carefully and firmly, “It limits the risks.”
“If it helps you find her and that damn doctor,” Amberley muttered. “Follow me.” Amberley showed John into the house, guiding him around several open cans of paint.
There was a flash of golden light.
He made his way to the back to Mrs. Hudson’s living room where, sure enough, Sherlock had already set up in one of her flowery armchairs with his laptop balanced in his lap.
keep you posted,” John assured him.
Lestrade and Kitty left, and after a moment, Sherlock sat down and set his laptop in his lap. “Nearly there now. Moriarty will be pleased.”
Lestrade stopped, hands in his pockets, looking unsettled. “Actually, that
not having a clue…”
“But are you sure this is a good idea?” asked John, watching (a little nervously) as Sherlock began spreading his equipment over the kitchen table.
But it was the only logical explanation if the thieves were hoping to steal a body still in its coffin.
Gruner held the dish up to eye level, examining it closely. “There’s a
John burst out laughing. “That wasn’t just me,” he objected, pressing a hand over his heart. It pounded against his ribcage. There was something oddly reassuring about that. It was very distinctly real. He wasn’t sure when he’d last felt quite this sort of alive.
“Exactly. It’s my life!” said John. “You gave it to me, sure, but it’s
“Clearly you’re not going to do it without being physically evicted from the building, and since I can’t do that myself, then yes, I suppose so,” said Sherlock, with a small scowl.
Again, I've got my fingers crossed that the start of the semester won't cause any major interruptions to the posting schedule. No promises (as I'm still working on building up a buffer of a couple of chapters… whoops), but fingers definitely crossed!
I won’t say too much this time, other than I’m super super super excited to have reached this point in the story at long last. >:)
“Home, where I can think without idiots asking idiotic questions!” answered Sherlock, already halfway down the hall. He waved a careless hand in farewell.
“Right.” Mycroft scowled. “Is this what we’ve come to now? Could you at least try to act your age?
Sherlock’s blood ran cold.
Mycroft stared at the flowers, eyes wide, mouth slightly open but absolutely silent. Several long seconds passed before he looked up at Sherlock, not even blinking.
your life. So it should belong to me.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “You think it’s the same person.”
“Where are we?” asked John finally.
The stairs at the top were lit with natural light. Daylight. Judging from the direction of the shadows, the sun was to the right of the building.
John matched his tone. “Yes,” he said. “I mean it, Sherlock. You look an absolute mess, and every second you waste is just another second you have to feel like shit. You do understand I’m trying to help you, right?”
,” said Sherlock emphatically, and he quickly scooped it up before John could accidentally see whatever the hell Lestrade was babbling on about now.
“Yes, but you’re weird,” John pointed out in turn. “
“You were lecturing me about my lack of patience just a few days ago,” Sherlock pointed out.
“Not scared,” snapped Sherlock.
“Did he come around often?”
It didn’t take a man of Sherlock’s intelligence to know that the tone was not exactly friendly. Sherlock was not one to use childish adjectives in his day-to-day conversations, but he would have deemed Lestrade’s tone ‘grouchy’, had anyone asked.
Sherlock looked up and down the empty hall, then back at Mycroft. “We’d better find somewhere to talk, then.”
He was still struggling to wrap his head around the fact that he
Sherlock looked at John. “No,” he said, and it was only in saying it aloud that he realized that was a lie. Then, “… Were you? Before you died. When you were spending your time going off into warzones and whatnot.”
John threatened to tell Mrs. Hudson.
"I'm not sure why you're thanking me," said Sherlock. "Seems idiotic."
“Not anymore,” said Sherlock. He held up the camera. “I think this should be sufficient evidence of Gruner’s taste for extorting former girlfriends. It will be enough to get you access to his bank statements. And the combination of photos and money trails ought to be enough to put him away for a very, very long time, which I’m sure will be a great comfort to the young women he’s plagued. And speaking of those young women, one of them has taken it upon herself to keep him from fleeing while you get in there to arrest him.”
John laughed, and Sherlock ignored them.
“God!” Sherlock bellowed. “If I make your life such a misery, John, then why don’t you just leave?”
“So,” prompted Sherlock. “You were thinking…?”
“For the love of God, Lestrade, even
Lestrade blinked. “Uh… I don’t know?”
. Just to make sure I am well and truly frustrated. And who do you think is responsible for that? Take a guess.”
To Sherlock’s horror, Lestrade nodded, and stepped to Sherlock’s other side. He cautiously pulled Sherlock’s arm over his shoulders, and John, gingerly, stepped away, Sherlock’s arm dropping to his side.
“Showtime.”
“And we know that, before that time, he must have carried out assassinations through different means. Probably through less secure third parties,” Sherlock added. “The Black Lotus has only been operating in London since Gruner partnered with Moriarty a year and a half ago, so Moriarty couldn’t have been using Zhi Zhu before Moran. His empire must have undergone a remarkably rapid expansion a year and a half ago—he’s made millions of pounds through Gruner and the Black Lotus, and acquired his own personal assassin, in the last eighteen months alone. And those are only two of his numerous criminal ventures.”
"Garry," said Sherlock, waving a hand to emphasize his total disinterest, and Lestrade looked like he'd swallowed a lemon.
“I told you before—psychopaths crave attention. And one as clever as Moriarty would get bored.
“What did you do with the bodies?” demanded Sherlock, shaking Amberley by the shoulders. “What did you do with the bodies?”
"Obviously."
Sherlock turned to examine the door again. “So it really is a code. And one from our friends of the Black Lotus, no less.”
“Do you really think you can manage?” asked Lestrade, an eyebrow raised as he looked at John uncertainly. “How?”
“Maybe,” admitted Sherlock. He indicated the little porcelain dish perched on top of its protective black box. “I’m by no means an expert in ceramics, but from my research and a few emails to the Antiquities Museum here in London, I’m almost certain this is an original Ming dynasty era piece, from China. Xuande, maybe. The blue cobalt underglaze that makes up the decoration has very crisp lines. That was a characteristic innovation of that period, adding manganese to the cobalt glaze to stop the color from bleeding in the kiln. If the piece is genuine, and I have a feeling it must be, then it’s rather expensive. Incredibly expensive, in fact.”
tl;dr this story is a very long labor of love and I want to make sure I get it right, even if that means being a little slow >_>
His brain seized on it.
!” John shouted after him, loud and fearful, calling him back.
Watson.
here," Lestrade's forensic technician, Anderson, had hissed (as he always did at least three times whenever Sherlock was called in). Clearly the workplace envy was flaring up early with this case.
Molly Hooper was always available whenever Sherlock was involved. She was the one who gave them access to bodies in the morgue, she was the one who helped Sherlock get his various toes and appendages when he needed them for an experiment, and she was the one who always stayed after-hours to help them out in a pinch. She was a friendly mortician, and wasn't at all invasive. She was reliable, and always willing to help, though she was (thankfully) completely ignorant of Sherlock's gift.
“Oh God,” he said to the room at large.
John gave Sherlock a skeptical look, which changed to one of shock when he realized Sherlock was being serious. “I’m getting the impression that him digging around this is a bad thing, then.”
“Twenty…?” said John, briefly forgetting to be annoyed.
John waited until the sound of Sherlock’s steps had reached the ground floor landing before he started to speak. “I guess I just wanted to make sure I know what’s going on. Or – I guess I want to make sure I know everything I ought to. About what’s happening, and what plans we have.”
Sherlock shrugged. “That’s a shame. As I have a feeling they might be the person responsible for your murder.”
Mycroft frowned deeply and stepped into the hall. “I’d rather avoid the fight altogether and skip to the part where you admit I’m right.”
Moriarty to react badly to Moran being arrested?”
“Wasn’t yours in the first place,” said John unexpectedly, quiet but resolute.
“Same thing. The meaning would have been the same. The only real difference is that now you’re just going to have to take my word for it that all of this is Moriarty’s intent.” Moran smirked again. “It doesn’t matter. So what if Gruner or the Black Lotus live a few days longer—who cares? What matters now is that it’s almost over, Holmes. There’s one more thing Moriarty wants you for, and then… well, it’ll be soon. Very soon. He’ll be in touch with a place and time.”
“Look, just go after him,” insisted Lestrade.
“Sherlock.”
Oblivious or indifferent to John’s fury, Moriarty turned his attention to Sherlock once more. “It’s true that we can thank John here for bringing us together, Sherlock, both back then and now. And of course, there are some points of interest to that story that I would love to chat about, while we’re here.”
“Ah, there you a—“ said Sherlock Holmes, just before John reflexively seized the other man by the scarf and, without thinking, slammed Sherlock’s head into the lid of the coffin with a definitive THUD for the second time that day.
,” said Sherlock forcefully. “You want to be of use? You find him. He can’t have just vanished into the night without a trace.”
John unzipped the jacket the rest of the way and pulled it open to reveal the semtex stitched into the jacket lining and the harness he was wearing beneath it, trying not to look as afraid as he felt. “… I could stop this heart too. Properly, this time.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. No object to investigate for this case, then. He pulled out the paper and unfolded it. Written in the same small, characterless handwriting as the previous note were a few lines in the center of the page.
~o~O~o~
Sherlock snorted. "If my ability to solve crimes was entirely dependent on being able to make the dead come alive again, I would be in the business of séances, not criminal investigation."
“Just—thinking,” said Sherlock slowly. “I think it’s too early to jump to conclusions. Considering the nature of the case. Believe me, I was dealing with the Yard all morning. They’re clueless, but on high alert.”
Sherlock was with Lestrade. Mrs. Hudson, maybe?
seems to be enjoying chatting with you,” he said, hesitating before holding the envelope out to Sherlock. “You know about as much as I do at this point, Sexy.”
“Greg?”
“Trust me, he will,” said Sherlock, glancing at the box they’d found in the wrecked building across the street, and John thought he understood what Sherlock was planning. “But you don’t have to tell me if you’re concerned about being involved.”
job two months ago in Afghanistan, didn’t you?”
A moment passed, and then Sherlock lowered his gun. “MYCROFT!”
“Should I be touched that you recognized me?” Moran asked. “Should I be flattered that I made such a lasting impression when we met in Afghanistan?”
“But you’re thinking something important,” said Sherlock. “And what’s worse is that we might be thinking the same thing.”
Even if he wasn’t supposed to be dead, there weren’t many people he would call for fun, even under more normal circumstances. Maybe half a dozen. Probably fewer than that. But he couldn’t call them anytime soon anyway, not with Moriarty looming in the background. If he was being realistic, he might be dead—dead again, that is, and in a very permanent way this time—before Moriarty was out of the picture. And even if Moriarty
“Any adjective I imagine you might want to use is one, I can assure you, that I have wanted to use similarly myself,” said Sherlock.
And perhaps more answers with it.
“Can you blame him? I mean, a Moriarty message at his place of work suggests Moriarty knows who you’re working with at the Yard,” said John. “Greg has a right to be concerned. Moriarty might not be trying to kill you just yet, but I’m not exactly inclined to trust he’ll be so nice to everyone.”
“I see.” John smiled politely, but couldn’t shake how uncomfortable he felt. The feeling was probably, however, just nerves. John hated to admit it, but he hated the idea of having to be Sherlock Holmes. He didn’t want to have to fill the man’s shoes and try to deduce brilliant things from a can of paint and a strongroom. But he didn’t want to give up just yet. He followed Amberley to a living room. The entire house smelled suffocatingly of paint.
Sherlock made a beeline for him, John at his heels. “You have him here?” he asked, the moment his brother was within earshot.
broken?”
John wasn’t sure how much they should really tell about who’d put them onto Gruner, but it seemed Sherlock was way ahead of him, saying simply, “I found out about his wife, and it didn’t ring true. A bit of digging led me to you.”
Reflexively, Sherlock brought up a map of the area in his mind, predicting Moran’s path and tracing routes that could intersect. He chose one. Rather than continue on after Moran, he immediately turned left as well and ran until he reached the motorway. The explosion at the SIS building had brought traffic on the road to a stop—allowing police cars and firetrucks approaching the scene to get by—and he took advantage of it, weaving through stopped cars and crossing the road. He ran further along the road, under the arches raising the tracks in and out of the Vauxhall Tube station, and then south along the next main road.
“What do you know about the man, then?”
“So really it all worked out just fine in the end,” said Sherlock coolly.
“No,” said Sherlock, quickly shaking his head. “Moran’s suspected to be an accomplice to acts of terrorism in multiple countries in the year and a half he’s been working for Moriarty, so he won’t be let loose anytime soon. Mycroft is orchestrating his transfer to a more high-security facility. He has access to all manner of top-security facilities and detention centers, and he’s determined to give Moran a one-way ticket there as quickly as possible. My brother has the legal authority to lock Moran up and throw away the key. Or, at the very least, he works with the people who
“Male, at least thirty, who could have been in London in 1989 at least long enough to poison a child.” Sherlock took a deep breath, thinking. “I might wonder if he had some sort of further connection to Carl, but there’s no way to know. He either knew Carl and knew his habits or medical history, or was smart enough to see that the easiest way to kill him was through his medication. Proving how clever Moriarty is.”
“Yes, well,” said Moriarty, with an oddly flirtatious grin, “it’s been fun watching you dance.”
“Sherlock?” said Lestrade in bewilderment, but Sherlock simply pulled out the camera and case of SD cards and set them in Lestrade’s hands. “I thought there was a problem?”
Drama! Someone had to tell Mycroft he was being an idiot.
high,” argued Sherlock, indignation replaced by amusement at John’s reaction.
"Oh, sure, okay," said Molly, clearly reluctant to leave Sherlock's company (even though he had only said eight words to her since his arrival three minutes and fifty-four seconds earlier). But nevertheless, she and Lestrade left the room, leaving Sherlock alone in the mortuary.
John swallowed, afraid to say anything, and behind Mycroft he could see Mrs. Hudson scurrying back down the stairs with an air of someone running for shelter. If John could have vanished up the stairs to his room without being noticed, he probably would have.
He could
John shifted anxiously. “You really think Moriarty’s going to kill everyone in the Black Lotus?”
“Think about who you’re talking to, think about what you said, and then think about how you should never say something that stupid again,” said Sherlock, wanting to stop using John for support now that there was a witness but unable to amass the necessary strength.
, she had said.
A fatal one.
“Are there any experts in London?” asked John.
Sherlock nodded. “More or less. Still, I’ve asked Lestrade to keep a closer eye on his residence. I’m still obligated to protect him, even if he is a scumbag
“How’d it go?” asked John persistently.
“You really think he’s likely to leave an open end somewhere?”
been there earlier that day. It wasn’t as if he didn’t have an excuse if fingerprints or other identifiers were found.
“Mm. You may be interested to know that, after a bullet blasted through the window of Gruner’s office and lodged itself in his desk about an inch to the side of his head, Gruner informed the police watching his house that he intended to fully cooperate with investigators for the remainder of his trial process.”
“Hang on, Sherlock didn’t—“ said John in alarm, speaking for the first time, but Sherlock cut him off. The last thing he wanted was for John to be involved in this conversation. No, no, this was getting out of control.
nice, Jim
Posting this a little bit late, but at least it's only "a little bit late" instead of the usual "very late"
“Ah,” Sherlock replied. He smiled. “I think not. But John is fine in his own right; I’m sure he’ll be able to give you all the help you need in tracking down your wife, Mr. Amberley.”
John grimaced. “Trophy.”
The Detective blinked in surprise.
of pounds, because…”
After a lot of explanation and a few beers, Lestrade had come to grips with Sherlock Holmes' abilities and Sherlock had reluctantly been forced to reveal his Gift.
Note: thar be a lot of swearin' up ahead. And likely going forward. Not that I think anyone will mind. Uh, avast
“So you can work in silence on your own as usual?” said John, trying not to sound too judgmental and failing miserably.
"Shut up. How still can you be?"
foolish of me—to assume that I was the only one who could do this. But really, the statistical odds of their being two people with this kind of ability is low enough, I’d imagine—so low that I never thought it was possible for there to be two, and even if there was, we’d probably never meet—but for there to be two living this close in the same time and with professions that enable them to interact…” It shouldn’t be possible, statistically; but Fate had a habit of not caring about what was supposed to be possible. Fate did what it wanted.
somebody!” he half-shouted. “You killed somebody when you didn’t let
“I don’t,” replied Sherlock. “For once, I don’t.”
~o~O~o~
And started the timer.
One minute and one second had passed.
The flat looked just like it always did. And it was silent.
John didn’t find this particularly surprising, in light of Sherlock’s present condition. If he was the one who had been held captive in a basement without much or anything in the way of water and food, John doubted he’d be all that chatty either. And he got the feeling Sherlock wasn’t going to enthusiastically talk about his brother anytime soon, judging from their interactions outside the Lucky Cat.
In the end, John only knew the sniper named Moran for six minutes and eleven seconds.
Sherlock had been careless. Unforgivably careless. And now John could be anywhere, in any condition. He was at risk. And so was Sherlock.
Dread escaped Sherlock’s chest in the form of a dry laugh. “You must be joking. This was all just so you can tell me to keep my eye out for a message? All of this—“ He waved an arm back in the direction of the building where he had left John and Mycroft behind “—just so you get a chance to pass me a message as you go back into hiding? It’s not enough for him to help you to escape? It has to be theatrical?”
John watched him for a moment, waiting for him to say something more, but when Sherlock continued to stare off into space (apparently thinking intently about something), John said, “By the way—were you and Mycroft really arguing about sending me in to talk to Moran for an
“He’s benefited more than anything from my secrets. If I had my druthers, he’d know nothing. But it was my lack of caution that made it possible for him to learn what I can do. So I’m stuck with him. And he with me.”
John, caught up in the leap in information Sherlock had just explained, came out of his reverie and said, “But I heard less than five words and they meant nothing to me.”
While John and Lestrade talked, and as police officers filed into the room and started (mis)managing the crime scene, Sherlock just stood there. He felt like he was watching it all through distorted glass. Everything seemed distant and disconnected. Surreal, in a way that made him feel sick.
In any case, there really was no news. Mycroft and Lestrade and their miniature army of subordinates had combed every inch of the pool—and the rest of the sport complex, for good measure—for any indication as to where Moriarty had gone. But, unsurprisingly, there was nothing. A ghost would probably have left more for them to go on. Moriarty might as well have never been there. The security cameras throughout the entire building had been turned off since an hour before John had been abducted. There was no trace of Moriarty in the building, or his sniper, for that matter.
Sherlock gave John a scrutinizing look out of the corner of his eye. “Yes.”
did you just do?" Lestrade had demanded, and the Detective had looked up at him in horror.
Sherlock and John hurriedly clambered into the car—Sherlock driving and John riding shotgun—and Sherlock started the engine. He practically slammed his foot on the gas the moment they had reversed out of the carpark and past the rest of the cars, screeching onto the road and past the line of ambulances and police cars blocking off traffic all along the street.
One touch gave life. Second touch took it away again. Forever.
“Of course,” Sherlock said, readjusting his hold on the grocery bags and making his way to the kitchen, “I wouldn’t need to read the case files—“
“Go, go!” called a stranger, and multiple people could be heard flying down the stairs from only one floor above.
Mycroft’s gaze landed on John. “You go in to talk to Moran. We should see if you’re able to learn anything we can’t.”
Sherlock’s Gift wasn’t an easy thing to comprehend. John knew that—he’d had a hard time adjusting to the idea, and he was quite literally the living proof that it was real.
“But we could also just get it done. Now seems like a good time.” John got to his feet. “I’ll make tea, and then we can talk.” He made his way over to the kitchen, and turned on the stove, the kettle already sitting on one of the burners.
John looked at Sherlock, then at the shoes again. “He sent you a pair of shoes…?”
we’ve finished eating dinner?”
“I haven’t done anything in thirty hours,” said Sherlock, as if this was the most pathetic thing he’d ever heard. “Give me something to
“So we know Moriarty has to be employing some kind of off-the-grid sniper with military training,” said John.
oh my god Sherlock you adorable sap
Gruner paled.
Sherlock grit his teeth, and followed.
John was staring at him, his expression shocked and terrified and awed all at once. John Watson, the once-dead army doctor who managed to break every Rule without even trying.
“Oh yes,” said Sherlock. “You’ll recall I told you he works for auction houses? Acquisition and provenance verification, that sort of thing.”
“Bomb-making is much simpler than people think,” Sherlock interjected, waving an airy hand. “You and I have the necessary ingredients for at least four different bomb recipes scattered throughout the kitchen and bathroom.”
“Maybe she’ll reach out to us, when this is all over. If we can bring Moriarty down, it’ll be news everywhere, once people know who he is and what he’s orchestrated.”
Sherlock snorted. “This is much more his style. And so much more interesting.”
Right now, however, Mycroft seemed to be attempting to use as many words as he could as quickly as humanly possible. “Just focus on information about Moriarty. Or contacting Moriarty,” he was saying to an increasingly anxious-looking John. “Be adaptable in your approach, of course, but stay on point as much as you can, and—“
“We’re not arguing. Whatever. Anyway,” John went on, “you know that’s not what I was talking about. Are you sure you want to do this without backup? Some kind of official help? I mean, I’m sure Lestrade wasn’t thrilled that you rushed off with evidence that’s also a gift from Moriarty.”
I hope this chapter can tide you all over in the meantime! Thanks all for your support! :D <3
Sherlock and John were seated on either side of the kitchen table with an assemblage of takeaway Chinese boxes on the table between them. Sherlock pushed a few containers of food to the side and repositioned his closed laptop in the center of the table once again, opening it up and refreshing his blog. No messages, which wasn’t a surprise. He checked his phone, and found a matching lack of texts. “I don’t know why I keep suggesting we go through things when there are no things left that we haven’t already discussed a dozen times.”
“Right, but what does that look like, exactly?”
Gruner suddenly dove into his desk and raised a handgun of his own just as Sherlock closed his hand around John’s at his back. They stood, each half-standing, facing one another over the desk, and each straightened.
Sherlock shook his head as if doing so might remove the sentimental voice that had taken up residence there in the last few days, held out his hand, started the timer, and touched the cabbie’s arm with a single finger.
WE'RE BACK, BABY
Sherlock opened his mouth to fire off an indignant reply, but John intervened.
a colossal moron.”
“It isn’t scientific,” said Sherlock, and when John simply looked confused, he elaborated, “I don’t find it particularly fruitful to share only partial bits of information. It wouldn’t have done anything other than make you anxious. But beyond that, I don’t want anything you have to say about your death to be colored by new information. It’s about keeping the source material pure.”
“I hope you’re right,” said John. “I wish we could contact her to make sure.”
Now it's on Mycroft to do anything about the situation... We shall see.
tar,” he said disdainfully.
“Look,” said Lestrade, “We both know that’s what this is about, but no one else does. If you’re looking to get a hold of more information on everything, why don’t you see about trying to get higher access from your…“
Now the pool made sense. That understanding did nothing to help John’s nerves. He repeated the message, tonelessly, trying desperately to think of some way to give Sherlock a better understanding of their situation.
Sherlock didn’t answer, and John turned to glare at him.
Then again, John was an idiot. A brave idiot. But bravery was always the kindest word for stupidity anyway.
“Oh.” John stared at the writing. “Not to upset you, but I never would have guessed that.”
“Or,” repeated Sherlock, ignoring him. “We could not.”
“Good,” snapped John, bracing himself for anything. At least, he hoped so. “First time I’ll have made a choice since you swooped in.”
Maybe he
If Moriarty said to keep this puzzle between the two of them, Sherlock would do it. And if Moriarty said he wanted Sherlock’s attention, he had it. He’d had it all along. Obviously.
believe it.
Sherlock snorted. “Granted. There are a lot of things I might do for dramatic effect, but even I think that might be a little over the top.”
you wouldn’t be better off staying somewhere else, at least for the time being?” It wasn’t the first time he’d suggested this to John since their argument six days earlier, and even though John had refused outright every time, Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from checking. Repeatedly. “Lestrade’s, maybe?”
The tension in the room was such that if someone had struck a match at that moment, the entire building might have exploded.
(the amount of time I spend researching the littlest things for stories is nigh on ungodly)
“He might remember me,” he said. He had no idea why he felt compelled to say it. Perhaps as reason not to? Though it was not an persuasive reason at all.
I: The Time Heretofore Known As The Present
“You do.”
“Oh.” Lestrade looked at John helplessly, but John shrugged and shook his head. They watched Sherlock pick up the little porcelain dish, run a finger along the rim, set it back down on the coffee table, and resume typing on his laptop.
Sherlock heaved a sigh, crossed the room, fished John’s mobile out of the pocket of his jumper, handed it to him, and sank into an armchair. John fiddled with the phone before tossing it to the far end of the sofa.
Sherlock’s thoughts were interrupted by a tug on his arm, as Soo Lin reached up a shaking hand to hold on to his coat sleeve.
“Moriarty?” repeated Lestrade. “He gave a name?”
“Then why are you still sitting there? Hurry up,” said Sherlock, vanishing down the stairs, and it only took John about ten seconds to get his shoes on, grab his coat, and hurry after.
Sherlock had hauled John’s duffel bag—the one that had contained all of his belongings when he was just a body in the morgue at Bart’s—out of the closet and onto the bed, where he was shoving everything John owned into it. His uniform, his clothes, and his few personal belongings were all being crammed into the bag without preamble or consideration. The assorted fake IDs that Mycroft had made for him had been dragged out and set on the bed.
“Because we’re just alike, you and I. Don’t you feel it?” Moriarty watched him out of the corner of his eye. The frustration of a moment ago shifted and changed into a dark kind of amusement. A pleasure that screamed danger. “I told you, my dear. We’re
. If you don’t want to shut me out with this—with
“He’s trying to impress me,” said Sherlock again. “And he’s doing a
But now—
John’s eyes narrowed in a challenge. “Does Moriarty hold you accountable for being the weak link in his system? Aren’t you supposed to be his right-hand man?”
“Why wouldn’t I have a harpoon?”
Sherlock and Mycroft both looked up to see John approaching, watching them both. John tried a sort of apologetic smile. “I don’t mean to interrupt,” he said, and Sherlock could see instantly from the way his smile didn’t quite reach his eyes that this wasn’t necessarily true. “But I don’t think he should be standing just yet.”
“Then how about we go back downstairs?” John suggested. Standing in his bedroom in defense of his personal belongings was making it difficult to unwind, and he had a feeling Sherlock was in a similar place too. “I was serious about making tea, before you went mental on me.”
“Christ, sorry!” hissed John, peering through the darkened room at Sherlock and gesturing apologetically. “Sorry, sorry, you startled me.”
“What are you—“
Soo Lin nodded. “I think I will go abroad. Somewhere no one knows me. I can remake myself. I have a little money saved. I can go somewhere and just… see what comes next.”
Sherlock strode forward and picked up on the glass bottles, examining the pill inside. “I would have this analyzed sooner rather than later, Lestrade. I think it likely you’ll find one bottle contains poison that matches the poison used by the four supposed suicide victims, and not some innocent heart medication typical of the elderly.”
Mycroft dropped the photograph back on the desk with an air of exasperation, and folded his hands in front of himself on the desk. “Your persistent nonchalance is admirable, it really is. But more than that, it’s pointless. Your opportunity to refute anything I have to say has now passed. Now, you’re going to listen and decide how you might want to amend your story. Because what you have to say when I am finished will determine
John didn’t reply. Most of the color had drained from his face. He and Moran watched one another, with the unmistakable air of two people sizing each other up before a duel. Then John dug his hand into a pocket to toss the pack of cigarettes onto the table in front of Moran. “Here,” he said curtly. “You’d requested these.”
“Better than bed rest,” said Sherlock in grumbling agreement, though he’s almost—almost—tempted to smile at John’s optimism. “And the ankle?”
“Steady now,” said Lestrade, an arm under Sherlock’s to help him back up. Sherlock could see John hanging back, balancing precariously on his toes from nearly moving forward to help. As usual.
He wasn’t sure what to do with anyone.
In a way, it had been his protection. Alone had protected him for his entire life.
When the cab finally pulled up on the street outside the hospital, Sherlock quickly paid his fare, got out, and stalked away. In the time it had taken him to get to Bart’s, Lestrade had sent one additional text message, telling him again to meet the policeman at the morgue immediately. Sherlock’s reply—consisting of “Fine. –SH”—earned no further correspondence.
John rolled his eyes. "Look, I had nothing to do, and I thought I'd try to be useful, so... I'm writing down everything I know about this case, and my death, and everything leading up to it. In case—I dunno, in case you bump me on the stairs or I get hit by a truck or something and die."
A thousand apologies for the unexpected mini-hiatus, everyone. I have no excuses other than life just got in the way, as it tends to do.
Sherlock made one last effort to get up before everything went dark.
But Lestrade grabbed Sherlock's arm, and tugged him to a halt. Sherlock brusquely shook off Lestrade's hand with an outraged glare, but Lestrade didn't give him time to start complaining.
for the mind to see it. When you’re looking for something out of the ordinary, subtle disturbances make all the difference. Too much, and it wouldn’t be personal. If Moriarty wants to get in touch, he’ll do so in a way that says his message is for me, and me alone.”
“We wanted to get here early. Start making a plan,” said John, speaking for the first time in several minutes. His voice was still sharper than usual, the evidence of an anger he wasn’t yet prepared to let go of. Sherlock rather thought he was avoiding eye contact. “We came directly after stopping at the hospital…” He trailed off.
And then, just like that, he was gone.
John and Sherlock watched Lestrade lead Amberley—who was near catatonic with shock—to his car. Both John and Sherlock agreed to wait at the house until a squad of officers could come to inspect the backyard, but both men knew what they would find and so they sat on the porch in the midday sun and watched Lestrade drive away.
It was almost certainly a bad idea.
In the time it took John to get two mugs out of the cabinet, Sherlock had eyed John, and then rolled out of his chair to his feet, tossed his coat over the back of it, and stalked over to the window. Sherlock picked up his violin and bow, plucked a string, and adjusted a tuning peg.
The instant Sherlock hit "Start" on his phone's timer, he reached his other hand out the final few centimeters. As the seconds began ticking down, Sherlock gently touched Watson's shoulder.
“Mm?” hummed Sherlock, not paying much attention. “We? We don’t do anything. You stay here, and lie low.”
“You must be
i've been taking care of your miserable self for days, do not test me
Sherlock led the way back out to the living room. “Apologies,” he said to Soo Lin, as they took their respective seats again. Torn between excitement and nerves, Sherlock’s tone automatically became the tone he used for cases—more focused and decisive. “If you’re
“John.” Sherlock gave him a look that was equally exasperated and uncertain. “I’ll… think about it.”
, said a voice in his head, playing back something he’d said to John weeks earlier, but in a voice that sounded more like John’s than his own.
,” said Sherlock, “was the wrong thing to say.”
“Thankfully we didn’t need to figure it out,” said John, now wrapping the wrist in gauze and securing it. He brought the other arm closer so he could work on that one as well, and he set about cleaning the wound on the second wrist, which was in slightly better shape than the first. “Good to know you dumb things down for us, though.”
“Yes, thank you,” grumbled Sherlock.
He strained hopelessly against the cuffs around his wrists, contorting in every imaginable way in the hopes of slipping his hands out, so that he might have some way of defending himself. But the handcuffs were tight and unyielding, the metal biting into his skin, he was pulling so hard. Blood. If he didn’t have nine minutes and twenty-one seconds remaining to save himself from dying, he might care.
Blood was pooling on the floor under Yao’s head, black in the dim light of the room with glimmers of deepest scarlet as it flowed over tiles and along grooves of caulk and cement.
“What a surprise,” said Sherlock, with such sarcasm that John couldn’t help but feel indignant.
Sherlock inclined his head. “All right. Do that, and then sleep. Maybe this will seem better when we’re rested.”
I have been looking forward to writing this chapter for
. I’m taking you off these cases if you don’t.”
Sherlock steepled his fingers before his lips. He hadn’t even realized he was smiling. But he was. He certainly was.
John rolled his eyes. “That’s nice and all, but I personally am glad you don’t need something more extreme than bandages. Can you imagine me trying to give you stitches without something going horribly wrong? Because I can’t.”
