There was a pause as he attempted to collect himself. “’re you gonna answer me a question if I do?”
“You love us,” Rhodes said with a smile, “that’s why.”
"Maybe. Does it matter?" he asked quietly next to Tony's ear. "You got this portal closed, and we got rid of those things. The fight is over." He ran a slow, soothing hand up and down Tony's back. "And if you need some light, just say the word. I still have the miniature lamp you gave me..."
And still, it felt as if he could only truly believe in it, in this happy ending, after they had faced Thanos—and won.
“I’m not talking about that. I’m talking about us. About
It was too much to ask for, considering, but Tony had never backed down from a challenge. And if he wanted closure, he needed to say
The position was new, even for Tony. The way Steve felt as he thrust in and withdrew, touching all those hidden places deep inside him. After a few moments of simply revelling in the sensation, Tony began to move with him, intuitively falling into a steady rhythm.
. Even now.
“Barton,” Coulson warned.
He walked over to the closet, picking one of his fancier suits, since he already knew where this was going. Meanwhile, JARVIS provided him with the recent news feeds. Almost every channel was reporting about ‘The Winter Soldier Unmasked’, using photos and videos of Barnes’ past. Half of them were showing him at Steve’s side.
“You can look, you know,” he said. “It won’t bite.”
* * *
A small voice inside Steve’s head agreed. Why should Tony trust
Steve just raised a brow.
She sighed, and continued to stare out onto the darkened lawn. “There was a situation during your last cryo. I was on a mission in Abidjan, made a wrong move. They could’ve killed me, but—they didn’t. They offered me an out.”
his pants. God, he hadn’t realized how fast Tony could move. “No. No! Tony, no! We can’t do this now.”
Shit—Steve hadn’t even hesitated before throwing himself in front of Tony.
Fury blinked. That he had not been expecting. “Was that a threat, Rogers?”
Looking down, Steve willed himself to get a little less excited, too. He took three deep breaths and thought about training exercises and his latest read on counter-defensive strategies and the pile of laundry he had to do tomorrow.
Tony… It felt like something foreign, something otherworldly.
He dashed forward, bodily and mentally. While he shot repulsor beams at Ultron, he also fought his way into Ultron’s matrix.
Steve nodded, then nodded some more. He could do this. There was something about this alone that moved him more than anything he had experienced before. Sitting in a dark tent, caressing each other intimately. Bearing that sort of honesty for something, and
“Depends on what day… it… is,” Tony offered, tough he seemed to realize midway that Steve wouldn’t like that answer. “I had a hard time settling in,” he explained with a grimace. “I’m still finding pine needles everywhere I go.”
“Yeah, not really. He’ll have
Even if he forgot who James Barnes was, he would never forget Natalia Romanova ever again.
He’d had time. He’d had so much of it.
“Did you get some shuteye?” Steve asked.
“You’re a walking cliché, aren’t you?”
“You’re sure about this?” Steve asked quietly.
Tony’s heart was pounding for real now, and then he couldn’t help himself. He leaned forward to wrap both arms around Steve’s shoulders, sealing the space between them. He released and airy, disbelieving chuckle, and pressed his face against Steve’s neck—for once, not knowing what to say at all.
Their hips were slamming against each other now as Steve pistoned into Tony, ramming into him with all his strength. He heard the little grunts of effort Tony made at every thrust and they only got him to move that little bit faster.
Oh God, Tony surely could feel his body responding to his presence. But his face was all patience and affection as he looked at Steve.
In that moment, Tony looked ready to pull his hair out. And yet, Steve had no trouble to still see his love, his devotion, and he needed to concentrate on that.
Steve’s cock disappeared and reappeared in a blur, driving him completely crazy. He thrust, and shoved and swirled inside him, hitting his sweet spot with precision. Every. Single. Time.
"Okay," he said at first, accepting Tony's refusal to be called a kid even though Tony himself chose to keep calling him Picasso despite countless times he'd asked him to stop it. "I'll still need to know which one is your room, though." He jostled Tony a little in his arms to wake him. "Come on, floor and room number? Then you can sleep till we get there."
TS 11:06 P.M.>Your loss
“Can we just… can we take this a step at a time? Please?”
“STOP TALKING!” Ultron shouted, clearly some response to whatever Tony was telling him in his mind, his voice manic as he forced himself to his feet. “You’d both do better to remember who you’re talking to!”
It was intoxicating to have someone at his side who was exactly his equal, who could meet and match his every move. Tony had never had that sense of partnership before. Not like this.
The kiss lasted a long moment, and Steve's intoxicated mind wasn't fully registering everything, only the slick slide of their tongues and a heat that coiled in his abdomen. He wasn't even fully aware of where they were until Tony broke the kiss and pushed him a little back. Steve went easily, not wanting to impose, and he nodded his head at Tony's suggestion. It was a good idea. Privacy would allow for more kissing… more than kissing, maybe…
“Poor guy,” Tony said, releasing another laugh into the air. “That was, what, the second time?”
“Yeah… yeah, okay,” Steve breathed. His left arm wrapped fully around Tony’s waist, holding him still as his other hand took hold of his own cock. Steve lubed himself up, then soaked up several delicious seconds in teasing him, rubbing his head along Tony’s opening until Tony’s body was wound so tight it was a wonder he hadn’t yet popped.
He’d said he wanted it like this, with him stretched and held, and Steve would give him everything he needed.
“No,” Tony shot back, pointing a finger at the room in general, squaring his shoulders. “It’s something
The war was… it was taking parts out of him. Tiny parts, but Steve felt as all those horrors, each and every day, slowly but steadily wound their way into his heart.
“Shhhh,” Tony soothed him, pulling him out of the bed. “Gotta push through, little guy. Nothing we can do about that, I’m so sorry.”
Tony pursed his lips and stared at the black temptation. His gaze remained fixated on the cup of warmth that touched his skin, its tempting aroma wafting near his nostrils.
Tony mock-gasped, holding a hand over his heart. “Take that back.”
not be a certified disaster.
“It’ll be nice having you with us for once,” Natasha added, looking at Steve.
“I won’t,” Steve said numbly, because Pepper was right. Obadiah Stane was just trying to rile him up, and Steve wouldn’t let him succeed. His eyes traveled to Tony.
Oh. The images came before Steve could stop them. Tony sleeping—all skin. Tony in the nude. Tony—
There were steps behind him. Steve whirled around and only relaxed when Tony stepped around the corner and laconically greeted him with Loki’s scepter clutched in one hand. He was otherwise dressed in sweatshirt and jeans, only one of Iron Man’s gauntlet still wrapped around him.
?” Steve asked before he could stop himself. “So she…”
Laying a hand atop one of Tony’s, Steve nodded. “I love you, too.”
“As much as I’d love to stay in here all day, your stomach is growling,” Steve said with an amused smile. “Think we better head over before the gang leaves nothing for us to raid.”
* * *
“No, they’re everywhere—all over the country. I always wanted to go to one, but never really had the chance…” He trailed off, skimming the rest of the pamphlet. He was also almost fully pressed to Tony’s back from head to toe, which yeah…
Steve cleared his throat. “I trust you.”
to make that happen.
“Me?” Tony asked, his irritation spiking. He shook his head, then angrily snatched the piece of paper from under Steve’s hand. “I’m not the one who’s giving his number to random guys, so the real question is what has gotten into
* * 5/7/18, 09:01 PM * *
Tony bit his lip to smother a laugh. “This is our
“Shh, watch!” Then, after a moment, he whispered, “Is it how you imagined it?”
And Tony still just stood there, saying nothing. There was really no way to tell what went on in his head, if he was maybe already trying to forget about what had happened between them. And in the wake of his stillness, Steve had to admit to himself that… that they hadn’t really resolved much of anything, had they? Ever since they’d all come back together to fight Thanos, he’d only tip-toed around the real issue, too afraid to say something wrong and break the fragile truce between them. And being stranded together in that dimension, being so close, finally seeing Tony for who he really was—it had changed
He was wrong. The second his head hit the pillow, he was out cold. Emotionally drained. Physically exhausted. More at peace than he’d felt in months. Instead of awkward and new, falling asleep with Steve at his side had been breathtakingly natural. As though every night since Siberia had been nothing more than waiting for his husband to come home.
And with that, Steve grabbed his shield and ran.
, he really was about to lose it. Rhodey was pulling him near, bracing his head on his chest, and Tony concentrated really hard on the steady beating of Rhodey’s heart so he wouldn’t lose his damn mind completely and veer off right into a panic attack.
“You wouldn’t mind?”
He had no answers.
“If I’d known all it took was some state-of-the art, world-changing bionic arm, I would’ve put my mind to it sooner…” he murmured, grinning against Steve’s lips.
Tony snorted. “Guilty as charged.”
After a while, the halls of Stark Mansion slowly became familiar. However, the distance Tony kept between them was only growing with time. Steve still cherished whatever moments he had with him, but they often left him emotionally drained.
. Tony who’d so often goofed around with Peter, who had played stupid board games with them and watched endless hours of cartoon movies while eating junk food. Tony, who’d helped Steve solving the case of his mother’s murder and who’d brought justice to so many victims in those last years.
Considering the offer, Steve watched him. It was sincere, he realized. Tony was reaching out to him, and something about it—his expressions, the tilt of the head, the bashfulness—struck him as familiar, but he couldn't point out how or why. So, dismissing that thought for later consideration, he shook his head.
When Tony nodded, Steve grabbed for his hand and basically dragged him out of the room. A startled laugh left Tony’s mouth as he followed him up the stairs. Of course, he’d seen all of their rooms soon after they’d moved the team’s headquarters here, but Steve hadn’t really lived here, back then, and Tony had to admit he was sort of curious.
“He was,” Tony agreed. “He still hurt people while he was on trial. But it’s not impossible. We might have to let a little more time pass before we do anything.”
Still, even though he cared dearly for each and every one of them, they weren’t the reason he was here.
“And you’re from 2018? That’s pretty crazy. Who got president?”
“I know. It was stupid.” Steve looked up and Tony tried not to look too distraught at the sight of the black eye Steve was currently sporting. It was already healing, as far as Tony could tell, so it was probably wise not to have a freak-out right now. “Can you please check on him?" Steve asked. “I’m… he won’t let me in and JARVIS says he’s back to normal…”
He let his hands trail over the keyboards, just sitting like that for a good few minutes. The first sound was a deep moll, the second, too. Tony chuckled, shaking his head at himself.
“Turn on the speakers,” Tony prompted, because what the hell, it didn’t even matter anymore who was angry at him and why.
Tony stared at him for a moment, and confusion gave way for realization. He sighed, then pressed his forehead against Steve’s. “It wasn’t your fault.”
* * *
. It was just this night, Tony told himself firmly. He could be good for one night, and do this Steve’s way. And then they’d be dating, and there’d be more kissing, and groping, and eventually, Steve would let himself have this.
Footsteps resounded once more, and all of them whirled around to see Natasha and Black Panther stepping on the scene. Steve had no idea where he’d come from.
Slowly, Steve drew back, gauging Tony’s reaction.
“Yeah. And then I stopped being sober,” he answered quietly, and took a long sip.
When Tony’s head dropped back against the wall, eyes wandering upwards until they clashed with Steve’s, Steve didn’t look away. “Can’t hide from me, here,” Tony whispered.
“I called you that just a minute ag—” Tony’s eyes widened as he met his gaze. “Steve?”
Slowly, an amused smile reached Steve’s face. “I really think I should feel insulted that you keep saying you’re the brains in this relationship.”
A sigh. “No, I wouldn’t,” Tony said, pressed up against Steve and… well. There surely wasn’t anything
He bit his tongue. Saying any more would be detrimental to a situation that's already spinning out of control.
He held power over Tony, therefore power over Steve, and that alone made him even more intimidating.
Steve gave him an unimpressed look. “You
Fury’s single eye was mostly swollen shut and he was covered in a thin sheen of sweat. “I told Pierce to delay Project Insight. You were right, there were some… discrepancies.” Fury sighed and pointed at his face. “Apparently, he showed little interest in following through with his promise.”
“Surprise?” Tony offered, sitting up with a little wince. “Pepper cancelled all my meetings and gave me a day off so… Where have you been?”
Tony huffed, and grinned into the darkness. “’Do, too’? There you have your proof, you’re basically twelve.”
Bucky didn’t let it show. He smiled at him. “I’ll tell your nanny to give him some extra cuddles, sure.”
Then, he pulled back so he was kneeling. "Shouldn't be difficult," Steve said, finally getting rid of his own pajama top. "When we're doing this, we're on equal grounds," he explained, reaching down to tug Tony's shirt up again, this time having better success with it. He let his eyes roam the newly exposed skin without preamble. "I take off what you take off, and vice versa."
Bucky was circling the room. His gaze flickered back and forth between the grand open space of the sofa area, the bar, the ceiling-high glass front leading up to the tower’s roof and the New York skyline. Steve knew it had to be at least a little overwhelming. Even though Steve had been living here for a good while now, that still hadn’t changed. Sometimes, when he walked into the kitchen in the morning to make both him and Tony a coffee, he paused and simply stared.
“Yes, he fought at our side.”
Steve laughed and Tony found himself laughing with him, but then, he sobered immediately as he remembered something. Back then, his MIT presentation had been at the same day that Steve had gone to Lagos. Immediately, a million thoughts filled Tony’s head, but he dared not voice them.
“What I’m saying is: you can work with me on my terms, or not work here at all, very much your choice. But try setting your dogs on Steve and I will crush you.”
Perhaps, all in all, it wasn’t so surprising that they reached a unanimous decision without saying a word. They
Natasha rolled her eyes. “Six—and a two-man tent. We’ve already discussed this at least twice. Were you napping?”
Tony nodded, grabbing for Steve’s waist. “Good. I’ll fly you up.”
“Ba-ba,” Ian demanded some attention and from the pitch of his voice, Tony had a feeling he would be throwing a fit in about four seconds if Steve didn’t pick him up before that.
Tony released an annoyed sigh, as if reading Steve’s mind. “I’m
it. And I don’t want you to go through all of this.”
His head was spinning and his chest felt uncomfortably hot as he leaned down to kiss Tony, pressing their lips firmly together. A part of him posed an official protest to what was happening, but he couldn't be bothered with whatever the problem might be. It couldn't be that bad, could it? Not nearly as important as kissing Tony was at that moment.
Next to Wanda, Vision leaned down a bit to talk to her directly. “I believe it was the combination of decades of idolization, some lifelong complexes, mutual attraction and, eventually, the help of some good friends.” He looked up at Natasha, raising an eyebrow in question.
“We’ll take that antidote,” he told Steve when he saw him shaking his head slightly, his gaze focusing on him. “I’m so sorry, Steve… for what happened back then. It was all my fault. We should’ve just left the city, it was stupid of me to go home first, and I…”
With his eyes set on Tony, Steve took in the beautiful colors flashing across his face, catching the contours and sharpening some features while putting others in contrasting relief. It was, he thought, a more breathtaking sight than fireworks usually were. He couldn't honestly say Tony was infuriating anymore, but then, he probably had not been rational about the whole thing at the time.
“I want you to be happy,” Natasha said, her voice serious. “None of us have been particularly happy as of late. And you and Tony… I thought after everything, you would
to give this a chance, but he couldn't—
"Next time, you’ll let me watch the whole thing," he said, even as he bodily turned Tony around and took another step back so he could watch at least some of what was happening. With his eyes fixed on Tony's ass and the slow slide of his slick fingers, Steve turned to scoop some of the lube onto his fingers so he could get his own cock slick and ready.
Tony hadn’t mentioned what had transpired when he’d flown through the portal, and Steve wasn’t about to brave the subject just now. When he’d tried on the way over here, Tony’s jaw had clenched and he’d heaved a long sigh, but there was little more.
, he didn’t say, but the realization hit Tony hard. He
you,” Steve repeated, frustration leaking into his voice. “What does it take for you to believe that? I have…
"He's usually more composed," Bucky said with a mischievous grin. "How did you even get from ready to punch him in the face to…" He lifted his eyebrows suggestively.
Tony huffed as he waved a hand at himself. “Steve… seriously. When exactly did you get the impression that I was
Tony’s anger slowly melted away. “It already
Or that’s what Steve tried to tell himself instead of thinking back on Obadiah Stane’s words that maybe Steve was only here to be a distraction.
There was a long beat of silence. Then Tony huffed, putting the paper down. He still felt dazed, completely off his game. This had easily been the worst hour of his life and while he loved Steve, this had been a
“There.”
A grin broke onto Steve's face, then. A confession to a sleeping man. He shook his head at the sweet memory. That was such a Tony thing to do. Stretching a little, he turned to leave the bathroom and wandered closer to the bed, eyeing Tony's form—draped in his bed covers and still naked—with hunger that would never be properly quenched. "So, breakfast, or more cuddles?"
“It could be.”
me. If he knew…” His voice cracked.
do it, you know?”
“Yeah, that. You know, he keeps coming back no matter how often he explodes, or… falls down a cliff, or whatever…”
“Джеймс. Дыши.”
"Bucky…" Steve groaned. He leaned back when Bucky sat next to him and turned to meet his laughing eyes. "You can't say things like that… I already feel like a goddamn pervert."
“I’m not JARVIS,” Vision started again. “But a part of me is. I am…
Rationally speaking, of course, he had figured Ross would take the disaster at the CIA gala as a final motivation to get his agenda with the Avengers going. And now, he’d pay them a visit tomorrow afternoon, taking four of his senator-goons with him.
look exhausted. “Sure… Let’s just go to bed. Or, you know, bench, in your case, we can sleep and—”
Steve grimaced. “I just… I just want you to hear me out, okay? This… you won’t like it.”
“Exactly,” Natasha said shortly. “And he doesn’t plan on showing up here any time soon.”
He wanted him just the way he was right now.
Natasha shot him a look. “Yeah, and that’s how lists start. Now, you said you need stuff for breakfast.”
happen. Dammit—you know what I mean.”
"Are you hurt anywhere?" he asked. He couldn't see well enough to really know, and besides, the armor would've hidden most of anything.
“I know he was the one who introduced Indries to you,” Steve amended, “but that doesn’t mean he always has your best interest at heart!”
came to mind, but Steve swallowed it down because he wasn’t ready yet to deal with these kinds of things.
Steve took a deep breath, and leaned his head back into the RV. “We’re on the roof, honk before you drive on,” he called, then took hold of the small ladder and climbed upwards.
After a moment, Barnes’ face hardened. Tony had long since sat back on the floor, regarding him with cautiousness. Somehow, Tony knew exactly what Barnes was thinking right now and he just…
“No,” Steve declared. “I just shared a secret, and a pretty personal one, I might add. Now it’s your turn.”
Sure, this was their first night sleeping in the Stark Mansion instead of SI’s guest suites, but last day had been great…
“If I’d just stay here,” Steve whispered after a moment, as if a secret, “in this room, no one would know, don’t you think?”
“Not your business,” he reminded him.
Steve shrugged, smiling at him. He trailed after Bucky, coming to a stop right next to him. It was a black and white photograph, and both he and Tony were smiling widely into the camera. “Sure have.”
The look in her eyes gave him pause. There was so much conviction. A firm belief that, when it came to honesty, they’d never be on the same page. And he had to force himself to ignore the voice that commanded him to pull her in a hug, because her words haunted him with truth.
Steve wanted to answer, then pressed his mouth closed in a tight line. After a moment of contemplation, he said, “I’m not… sure I should tell you anything. As you said, I could mess up my timeline, couldn’t I? I know time travel is tricky business. I don’t want to alter my past in a way that could make our future vanish. I… I won’t risk that.”
[New Client2] [chat_server:46956]
“Had a meeting with Pierce,” Steve said and dropped onto the couch. He wound an arm around Tony’s shoulder and pulled him closer.
There could be another war now... and he wouldn’t care.
Being the adult he was, Tony stuck his tongue out, but his arms
He still felt almost dizzy with shock. His mind feverishly recalled the moment when the building blew up, the agonized screams, the way the explosion had smelled… the closeness of it all.
“You need ‘some time out’,” Tony quoted, and he really wished his voice wouldn’t be so overwhelmed with emotion. He cleared his throat, straightening up. “Is that it? Is it… do you need space?”
about correcting them—that there was no such thing as a single ‘way’ for their lovemaking, thanks very much—but in the end, he held his tongue. Some things really didn’t need to be discussed.
“You sure?” he asked evenly.
Of course they would. The feathers, the blood… Stane’s corpse. It was a mess.
Steve moaned, his thrusts losing all finesse, as he rutted into him. “Christ, Tony…”
. Seventy-something years and the altruistic tone in Steve’s voice still made all of his defenses crumble. “You’re not making anything hard on me,” he replied sullenly.
At the mentioning of JARVIS’ name, Steve had a somewhat bizarre sensation. And he knew without the shadow of a doubt that Tony would be experiencing it too. Before, JARVIS would’ve never skipped a mentioning of his name without chiming in some sort of input. Especially when the opportunity to tease Tony came up.
“Tony,” Steve called him softly. “We should leave if we want to be in time.”
. But now—here—alone with Tony, he sported a tilt of his head, a half-lidded, inward-turned gaze, and an overall unhappy expression.
“You’ve been dying for the opportunity to use that one, haven’t you?” Steve asked fondly.
“I…” Steve took a long breath. “You know I can’t leave now… Not when he’s still so unstable.”
That didn't sound promising at all. No person, and especially not a kid, should be pushed into a corner like this. "That’s your advice? Seriously?"
guy, usually, but Tony had managed to get under his skin, making himself home there, and now he was acting like nothing had ever happened.
That made Steve laugh. He shook his head and pulled Tony closer against his side, feeling a little better for having laughed. Tony had a way of making things brighter.
Steve nodded, though he didn’t really feel like it. In only a few hours, he’d be switched back in time—which was good, of course. He
you’re asking questions?” Clint asked, glaring at him.
He guessed he should’ve known that Tony’s ‘African coast black market arms dealer (
A part of Steve wanted to be mad at him for it.
“Mmhm?” he answered with a distracted hum, then rubbed his forehead. “Sorry. Did something happen?” Steve fixed him with an inquisitive look.
“Those are a bit outdated, don’t you think?” Tony said, pointing at the SHIELD logo.
A few slow breaths later, he shook his head. "I don't know," he told the painting. "What
Tony smiled softly and nodded. “Thank you.”
“I know you think we could never work it out,” Steve whispered, as he stepped up to Tony fully, coming to a halt just in front of him. “I understand that. We had plenty of chances to hurt each other and we took them. We’ve been a mess.”
Another two inhales and exhales later, curiosity got the better of him, and Steve pushed himself into a sitting position, pulling his sweatpants back over his hips. He grabbed a swipe from the box on his nightstand and rubbed it over his hands before he followed Tony through the door. On most days, Ian still slept in the cradle next to their bed. Only when things got a bit more, well,
“I have to go,” Steve said, forcing himself to hold himself upright. “I don’t wanna see you again.” With that, he brushed Tony’s hands off, and couldn’t look at him. Couldn’t be held when he knew. He’d
If the way Barnes had latched onto Natasha like a baby octopus was anything to go by, it was hard to imagine him as some sort of ‘ladies’ man’, but
But—a more reasonable part of his brain supplied—he needed to face reality at some point, he needed to face Steve. And Natasha was right. She deserved better than to live down here in this cell. And he needed to find out if there was a life outside of this room waiting for him.
“Really,” Steve confirmed with only the slightest hesitation.
Steve leaned forward to speak right into Tony’s ear. “He’s asleep. This won’t wake him. Come on, let me hear you.” With that, Steve increased the pace of his thrusts, pumping deep and hard, reaching around front of him to play with Tony’s cock again.
Rhodey pressed his face into Tony’s neck, his body shuddering. “I didn’t know if—”
Steve snorted, glancing up at Tony with a lazy smile. “God, I love you. I don’t tell you enough.”
Agent Romanoff sighed. “No.” She glanced at her partner, then back at Steve. “Not anymore.”
Tony brushed a hand over his face and groaned heavily. He shoved a hand into Steve’s side, and while he didn’t move so much as a millimeter, it got his attention, at least.
* * 4/29/18, 10:25 AM * *
alright?”
But first he needed to see Tony. He needed to memorize every contour of his handsome face, so he would have something to take with him and remember.
. There are descriptions of a man with a metal arm, and even identikit pictures that aren’t far off the mark. You told me no one identified him. You said it was safe to bring him here—”
Steve paused, and moved to close the door. When he turned around again, Tony’s shoulder were set in a tensed line, like a cat caught in a cage.
J.A.R.V.I.S. (chat_server:46954) pending
* * *
Next to him, Tony shook his head, the hand around Steve’s squeezing him slightly. There was something in his eyes, when he looked at him. Some terrible knowledge. “It’s… okay, this will sound crazy, but there’s really not a good way to break it to you.” He took a deep breath. “Where I am, it’s 1996.”
He nodded, as he slowly wound his bionic arm around her middle and pulled her close.
Hope you enjoy :>
a tiny voice in Steve’s head told him.
When Tony risked a glance upwards, Steve’s eyes were shut tight. Both of his hands were twisted in the bed sheets, and the sight alone had Tony’s bones shivering in awe-laced ecstasy. A moment later, however, his eyes flew open again, and Steve stared down at him, his hands falling to Tony’s shoulders. “Up,” he demanded. “Need you up here.”
She chuckled. “Oh, don’t worry. I wouldn’t dream of bursting the perfect macho picture your husband has of you.” She tilted her head in thought, then, staring at a nonexistent spot on the table for a moment, before smiling at Tony. “You know what? Go back to DC, be with Steve. I’ll cancel all your meetings tomorrow. We all need a few days to cool off anyway. This is too important to chance it.”
The point was, however, that Barnes wasn’t waking up.
seen Tony do. He’d never even seen his chest, figuring Tony was uncomfortable showing his scars, but now he seemed absolutely fine with it. Unbothered, he walked over to the sink and began washing his face, chest and arms. “I
“I did, a while back. I pushed till we fought each other.”
Steve heaved a shaking breath. “I’m not having a meltdown, I just… I don’t…” Words failed him, then, and he stared ahead, not seeing much of anything. “I’m fine.”
“Switch!” he yelled, dropping to the ground.
“Bucky,” Steve whispered—and it sounded like he wanted to scream the name, but it only came out as a pained gasp. In another world, Tony would’ve been angry at Steve for mentioning him—while holding Tony’s hand no less.
“You have no idea how much that means to me,” he told her earnestly, squeezing her hand.
” Tony cried, arching against the headboard with both hands pressed against its surface. One of Steve’s hands had somehow sneaked behind him, putting a bit of pressure against the already-stretched skin of Tony’s entrance.
Tony moaned, covering the space between them and dropping a kiss on Steve’s neck. He draped both arms around him, and willed himself as close as he could get.
When Steve looked up, he saw two suits of the Iron Legion rushing for Bucky.
following Ultron’s breadcrumbs all the way to Wakanda, there hadn’t been much time to think things through.
approval? But I—”
Tony frowned. “No. You’re not going to be an active member.”
[New Client2] [chat_server:46956]
Things grew silent then for a long minute. Then Tony yawned right into Steve’s neck, slumping a bit forward. “I’m so tired,” he mumbled into his skin.
Not some different dimension. Not an alternate timeline, no. This, here, was his own world, just four little years later.
. I already mailed the dean.”
. "What do you mean by 'grow a pair'?"
“Uh,” Tony said unintelligibly. What the hell had he grabbed there? In the corner of his eye, he saw Barnes pointing his tongue at him like the five-year-old he was, before he got distracted by a Frito-Lay display stand at the end of the aisle.
All of them—they didn’t matter now. The only person that mattered was Steve.
Tony grinned suggestively, one hand travelling around Steve and coming to rest on his ass. He loved how flustered Steve looked right now, how completely ready to
Tony tried not to think about it too much. There could be numerous reasons why Steve hadn’t called, and yet…
Yeah, he sort of
Steve nodded numbly. He stood up, staring out of the windows towards the ocean. “Does Rhodey know?” he asked. “And Pepper?”
“You’re r-really warm,” he murmured, his voice already much more steady, and Steve stilled a little, when he felt Tony pressing himself even further against him.
When he stepped out of the toilets again, Steve was leaning next to the doors. At one point, he’d obviously tucked himself back in, and cast Tony a lazy smile, when he stepped in front of him.
Tony sighed, shoving those thoughts aside. Instead, he glanced at Steve, who, in return, was looking at him with a low and steady smile.
"I got them for you… It's your choice, but I don't need them," Steve said, his voice low and husky. He hadn't meant for it to come out that way, but wasn't completely displeased. Tony's dark eyes met his own, and Steve inhaled slowly, letting himself enjoy the moment.
sorry for everyone’s loss. If it had been in his power, he would have saved every single life that day, and he knew his team—and Tony especially—felt the same. What had happened in Sokovia had been disastrous, and it still was on everyone’s mind, every single day. But as with everything in life, some things simply were out of their control, and Steve had learned to live with that, and face the consequences.
“Good,” Clint murmured, waving a hand in the direction of the door. He’d only arrived at the facility half an hour ago, still wearing jeans and a lumberjack shirt. “Please let’s get this show over with so I can go back home.”
In the last ten-something hours, he’d managed, probably for sheer dumb luck, to keep the identity and whereabouts of the 'mystery shooter' unknown. How much longer that would last wasn’t clear. But Tony knew, the moment one reporter—just one—had the scoop, all bets were off.
Wanda frowned, thinking about that, but after a moment she leaned back and nodded. “I don’t care so long as it does not affect our work on battlefield.”
. No chafing.”
Steve’s eyes were closed, mouth open in absolute arousal, his torso bowed deliciously. “God, you’re beautiful when you’re taking it,” Tony grunted. “And you’re always taking it so well. So fucking well.”
wrong.
With a short shrug, Tony set the tablet back down on the table. “You said it’s the future, right?”
Only belatedly, he realized that Steve was walking towards his own bedroom. Tony knew how it looked in there, how much destruction they’d wreaked… but he didn’t have the heart to tell him that
Bucky turned around, shrugging as if unbothered. “Sure. Where else would I be?”
Tony nodded and felt the guilt and the sheer panic of it rush through his every fiber.
worried, and not the judgemental kind of worry, but just… concerned. His eyes were flickering between Tony’s face, the papers on the floor, and DUM-E’s frame.
“What happened?”
Tony rolled his eyes, and bowed his head a little, as he looked back at Steve. “Well, nice to meet you ‘Way-Too-Old-For-Me History of Art Teacher Steve Rogers’. I think we all got the memo, Brucie, thanks.”
Steve stopped. They were standing in front of his room now, and only when Natasha turned around, he realized he was staring. “Really?” he breathed.
Well, that was until Steve had walked into Tony’s room without knocking, and caught him with his pants down, masturbating while focusing on Steve’s graduation photo.
“No, I mean… you taking the front seat. I thought I had to be their handler because I know my way through these meetings, but… Maybe they need someone they feel they can control, at least for now. Someone who isn’t posing any sort of threat and—”
“Why? You never had trouble with—”
Natasha nodded, her eyes flickering to Tony once, before she walked on. Sam took hold of Clint’s other side and followed without another comment. Only Bucky lingered for a moment longer, raising his eyebrows at Steve, but Steve shook his head and motioned for him to go on, too. He did, reluctantly, but only after casting Tony a long, contemplative look.
want this you’re wrong, Steve. If this is about some misplaced feeling of solidarity, trust me, I’m
— Pablo Picasso
“What the heck…” he started to say. “What happened?”
Instead of answering, Tony bent down, and had the audacity to wiggle his brows at Steve before he sucked him down to the hilt.
The mansion? It took Steve a moment to gather what that meant, but when he did, Tony’s reaction made a lot of sense. What Steve had taken for a library must really be Howard’s old office.
“Tony,” he whimpered, as Tony slipped a hand between them. His fingers encountered the waistband of Steve’s pants and diving beneath them without ceremony. And then Tony was touching him, a firm hand wrapping around his length, stroking him just the way he liked it. Tony was everywhere—oh God—his legs splayed on either side of Steve’s, his mouth peppering kisses all over his face. He had his cock in his hand and was stroking the hard length of him with such self-assurance.
TS 3:03 A.M.>Might not say no to hotel porn channel, tho. So there!
Tony’s gaze softened. “You’re a really big problem.”
Natasha had lied to him. Lied since he’d known her. The fact that he’d been aware that Natasha never gave anyone insight into her past without a good cause didn’t make the present situation hurt any less. He supposed it was a small thing to her. She’d been manipulating people all her life, had been taught to keep information close to the heart, and theoretically, Steve knew it wasn’t entirely fair of him to look down on her for that.
Of course, once Tony had come to that realization, that’s when a scent hit his nostrils. The scent of an aftershave he knew all too well.
. Tony took a deep calming breath and walked away from the sofa area. Steve obviously wouldn’t be cheating on him. Steve was a good guy,
When Steve turned around—the cradle now safely inside the jet—Bucky was still busy keeping Ultron at bay. Steve saw a deep gash all across his face, and took running, Natasha hot on his heels. Pietro was busy fighting off the new minions racing through the air around them, and Steve had to admit, he was doing a pretty good job at it. Wanda was firing one blast after the other at Ultron, followed by a
A moment later, his hand brushed Steve’s shoulder. “Steve?” he whispered again, squeezing him softly. When he failed to stir again, Tony sighed and drew back. “All right. You’re asleep. Or maybe not. But there’s something… and I don’t know why I’m talking to Captain Dead To The World… but I am. There’s something I need to say.”
“Uh, I do,” Steve admitted, “though I’m not too good.”
Steve trembled a little.
Definitely Bruce.
The light didn’t quite manage to illuminate the whole room, but Tony could see they were indeed inside some sort of maintenance room, with lots of shelves and boxes. With a quick glance, he confirmed that the ceiling looked like it’d be holding up just fine and they were in no immediate danger.
Tony had carved the idea out of his mind, but a few weeks in, Steve had brought the topic back up. He’d never told Tony why, but soon after, the joking had given way for… more serious conversations. They had spent
“I figured I’d show you.”
“Who’s J?” Steve asked, though he had a feeling Tony wouldn’t be the kind of guy to share his feelings. And he was right, his expression closed off immediately.
“Why don’t you run along and play nicely with the other children until it gets there?”
“Well, let’s just take away everything that means anything to you, Maria, and then take away your conscience, too. Then, you tell me what you’d be capable of—”
Steve stilled, realizing what they were talking about now. They were talking about what they had
No wonder he wanted to get back to his own time as soon as possible.
Closing his eyes again, he nudged his nose against Steve’s chest, shuffling even closer to him. He was determined to just doze off again, and sleep the day away, when his stomach started growling. Loudly.
Steve leaned forward to help Sam to his feet, when he tried standing up. “Hawkeye took a hit,” Sam told him with a serious expression.
He brushed his nose along Steve's neck, pressing kisses to his skin here and there. When he looked up, Steve's eyes were already closed and his breaths evening out. He leaned up a bit to reach his mouth, taking Steve's face between his hands and kissing him gently. There was no need to hurry now—they had time. He kissed the corners of Steve's mouth before coaxing him to open his mouth and suckling at his tongue.
Tony pursed his lips, rubbing his back softly. “First of all, I brought him here. Feel free to tell him that. But… apart from that, he’ll forgive you. You’re his best friend.”
She didn’t look impressed, shifting ever so slightly on her feet and looking at Steve with red eyes. Strucker, as Steve noted, was nowhere to be seen. Then, things changed again, and Steve was back in the previous corridor—completely alone.
The sky was already a fairly light shade of blue, when they stepped outside the door. A light breeze blew across the campus grounds, and Tony closed his eyes and took a small breath. “Fuckin’ Obi,” he said quietly, feeling more sober immediately.
* * *
, putting pressure on all those parts of his body that were still tender, but right now, he didn’t care. It felt as though Steve was trying to shove him through the wall, as if he wanted to vent the rage that still clamored inside him and Tony was the nearest target.
Tony huffed a laugh. “Believe me, ‘making up’ isn’t strictly about fixing anything. I would know.”
A good hour later, Bucky was sitting cross-legged on a broken freezer when Steve reentered the cellar. He’d used some iron chains to tie him down, making sure his bionic arm was secured in a manner that should make it impossible for Bucky to get any leverage and free himself. Steve had brought the shield with him, however, in case he was wrong.
The admission was well placed, but Steve caught it all the same. He stopped nuzzling and pulled back to look at him, to assess how serious he was. The longer the silence stretched, the more Tony squirmed over him, looking mortified. Steve pretended to consider the idea for a long moment, until Tony seemed just about ready to say something.
Tony leaned in, and Steve’s hands flew instinctively to his forearms, his hips arching upward with foreign need. He was on fire—he was burning in ways he’d never burned before. And Tony was there. Tony’s mouth was on his throat. He moaned into Steve’s skin, evidently tossing whatever he’d been ready to say out the proverbial window and instead decided to drive Steve even crazier than he had already. His tongue licked along his neck, swirling around before he sucked down.
Natasha, however, only studied him for a moment, then nodded as if his word was the only thing that mattered to her. He really hadn’t gotten used to it yet. To Natasha trusting him. Or maybe he simply had trouble believing that he was worth her trust.
“We’re both taking that as a compliment,” Steve replied, laughing as he walked up to Tony. “He really talked, huh? That’s early.”
Steve only smiled, throwing the mints at him. “Another thing that needs to be rationed.”
With that, Tony packed his things and walked out of the room. It was Friday, so the UN headquarter was fairly deserted by now. Only a few rooms were still occupied.
Tony smiled at him. “If you find him, you have to bring him home, Steve. What Sam said about them putting us in jail, if we don’t cooperate—I’m half-sure that’s exactly what will happen. So no games, and then we’ll get this mess sorted.”
Experience alone refused to let those words get to Steve too much. He’d been toyed with before—the Red Skull, Killian, Alexander Pierce… but something
Steve paused with a last glance towards Stane’s cowered form. Then, he ran as fast as he could.
Steve’s fingers sought out Tony’s own. The touch he offered was fiercely delicate.
Steve blinked as his eager eyes took Tony in. Long gone was the cocky young man. Tony was still beautiful, of course, still boyishly handsome, and he’d obviously aged very well, but there was something world-weary in his features now. The face of a man who had lived a very hard life.
In seconds, hell broke lose, and all of the Avengers, Barnes and Maria included, threw themselves into the fight. As Steve deflected multiple beams directed at them with his shield, Tony closed his eyes, seeking access to Ultron directly.
“I know.” With a disgusted expression, Tony pulled the tank top off and threw it on the floor, now standing top-less before them—something Steve had
Tony sighed. “Having you around always had me on my toes for some reason,” he admitted. Then, he let a small smile reach his lips. “But have you never heard that boys are mean to the people they secretly like?”
For some reason, his own words only seemed to really get to him once he had voiced them. This wasn’t the first time it felt as if the world wanted to push them apart.
Several different voices were yelling at them. “Where were you?”—
So much better.”
“You miss your papa, huh, darling?” he asked Ian as he carefully pressed him against his chest, his ear close to the arc reactor. Almost instantly, Ian stilled in his arms. “Ba-ba,” he mumbled sleepily, followed by a few ‘ba-ba-bas’.
you. You’ve… you’ve helped me live again. After Peggy’s death, I’ve been a shell of a man, and you, Tony, you’ve brought me back. How could I
He was barely aware of the others standing up until Obi tapped his foot against Tony’s. Reif was offering him his hand, smiling kindly. “Mister Stark, we are always very proud of all our PhD graduates and the high-quality research they produce for their theses. MIT as a community strives to develop the ability and passion to work for the betterment of humankind in each of our members. But I have to say that…
To be honest, Tony didn’t know what to with this. This was unknown territory, and it left him speechless. He’d done his fair share of quickies, of fast, anonymous sex, and some of the guys he’d been with might’ve been a bit rougher with him than they probably should have. His one-night-stands had always praised him for being wanton and shameless, for doing everything they’d wanted, he… he couldn’t just let himself fall like this, could he?
“You… me… no dreams.”
Steve let himself drop down on his back, pulling Bucky with him and changing his hold so he could choke him in earnest. The second he lost consciousness, Steve let go, grabbed for the chip and ran.
Steve scoffed. “You know the answer to that. But you
Merely mentioning Bucky’s name had his exhausted eyes watering all over again.
Tony kissed his next finger, then the next, and then—he tensed.
“That was the idea,” she said, and laughed with him. Her small hands brushed hair out of his face, then down his neck, until one of them touched the stump on his right shoulder.
Tony grinned. “Not sure that’ll make a difference, but feel free to tell him that—loudly, so everyone can hear you. I’d love to see the look on his face.” Tony turned around and frowned at the sunlight hitting the foot of the bed. “You better toddle downstairs. I’ll meet you in debriefing?”
Tony turned his face away from Steve, taking a large swig from the bottle so he wouldn’t have to answer him.
Tony clenched both of his hands, and stormed forward before he even knew what he was doing. He approached Steve with a firm stride, and when he looked up, Tony shot back all the irritation he was feeling.
“So we could as well stop here?” Sam asked.
“These new long range precision guns can eliminate a thousand hostiles in minute. The satellites can read a terrorist’s DNA before he steps outside his spider hole. We gonna neutralize a lot of threats before they even happen.”
Tony settled his forehead on Steve’s shoulder and kissed the skin there. “You’re gonna be a great father, you know? Everyone’s nervous at first. I’m freaking out, too, but we can only get better.”
The sensual drag of flesh against flesh was testing Steve's resolve, Tony so intoxicatingly close and eager… But it was Tony's request, his question, that brought Steve back to his original plan. Yes, they could get off like this, but it wouldn't be as satisfying. Steve's brain was still addled with battle-adrenaline and the dread he'd felt when he saw Tony heading into this building, and he needed to have as much as Tony was willing to give.
Bruce nodded. Then he mouthed ‘Don’t ask me’, and simply resumed the foot rub.
Tony raised Steve’s hand to his lips and brushed a kiss across his knuckles. “They just want to get to know you. Make a good first impression, that’s all.”
“I was just… uh, sorry,” Steve said, looking back up, realizing it was Jarvis’ turn to comment on his previous testimony.
“Tony,” he moaned, hands sliding up to his arms. “Tony, we have to—”
asking. “I’m enjoying myself much more than before, yes.”
Tony stopped in mid sentence when he heard someone raise his voice above the loud techno music right next to their table. He and the girl were alone by now, since Rhodey had discreetly retreated to the dancing floor, and the rest of the girls’ friends had obviously gotten the message and scattered to the other sitting areas.
* * *
“Yeah,” Tony said. “I think I just solved the last glitch.”
Tony hummed in agreement, and when Steve pulled back, he leaned up to press a kiss against his lips. “Pretty sure teasing us is all the reward she wanted, but yeah, I’ll think of something nice.” He grinned, nipping at Steve’s lower lip and biting it slightly before he slotted their mouths together again. He sat up, and his knees weren’t all that pleased, but he only needed to move forward a bit before he could settle in Steve’s lap comfortably. He cupped both of his cheeks, trailing feathery kisses all over his face. He pressed their chests together, and while he felt sticky and sweaty in so many ways, he didn’t want to get dressed again, just yet.
Natasha shrugged, leaning back and flopping what looked like a peanut in her mouth. “I set them up three weeks ago.”
His voice was raw, nearly torn, and tears flooded over his eyes. He let himself cry, uncaring if Natalia comforted him or not. Forgave him or not. Killed him or not. She had always been his way to peace, one way or another.
Tony swallowed, pressing his eyes close because statistically, he already knew what the answer to his next question would be.
It had to be.
“And that still scares me, sometimes. Whenever I think of Bucky, I think of that moment when his life was more important to me than Millions of people.”
Shaking his head, Tony turned off the shower head, and reached for one of the towels. He scrubbed himself off with quick motions, then walked into his adjacent wardrobe. Picking a jeans and a shirt, new socks and sneakers, Tony dressed, pointedly not looking in the mirror.
“Alright,” Steve nodded.
Approved by 117 countries. It states that the Avengers shall no longer be a private organization. Instead, they’ll operate under the supervision of a United Nations Panel, only when and if that Panel deems it necessary.”
Of compassion.
* * *
“Ultron didn’t go after JARVIS ‘cause he was angry,” Bruce explained from the workstation. “We believe he attacked him because he was scared of what he can do. So JARVIS went underground—dumped his memory, but not his protocols.”
Steve paused at that, biting his lower lip, and said nothing.
“Do what?”
Steve’s absence left Tony exhausted, mentally, physically and any other ‘ly’ he couldn’t muster up the wherewithal to remember. Life with Bucky Barnes under his roof was like constantly being on the edge of a knife. But he wouldn’t change it for all the sleep in the world. This wasn’t about Tony, and he could suck it up for once and deal with this.
“But it’s gone?” Bucky asked.
Now, he was alone, and he felt it with every fibre of his being. There was no one there to share all of this weight with. No one.
. He found himself flashed back—the two of them standing in front of his old apartment in Brooklyn. Steve still in the suit he’d worn for his mother’s funeral, Bucky’s hand on his shoulder. So he voiced those words that Bucky had said to him back then, and they felt familiar, too. Felt right. Felt more like a reassurance than a plea.
Huffing, Tony let his hands drop lower, placing them on Steve’s ass and pulling him in. “Do I ever?”
He looked physically pained. “Can’t Thor—”
Love. It was such a big word, and yet… for some reason, he knew Tony meant it, he just couldn't say how. They’d barely been doing this for a month, and hadn't even seen each other for most of that time. And yet he felt… a response so powerful to that thought that he was ready to shake Tony awake just to share it with him.
be saying that it had everything to do with his parents’ passing, and Obi’s constant pressure, and the fact that no one seemed to get how fucking lost he was. All of that was true, in some way or the other, but at the end of the day, it had been Tony’s own decision to distract himself with booze and sex. And the only reason it hadn’t gone beyond that had always been Rhodey.
He had chosen a side—the side that wasn’t Steve’s—and thus, he had forfeited the lasting remnants of hope on his own happiness. In the process, he had willed his own wishes away, mentally letting go of what could have been if he and Steve had stayed friends just a little while longer.
Steve nodded his head, his chest crushed with the weight of his gasps. “Yeah.” He bit his lower lip hard and wiggled his hips, determined to create friction, needing to feel all of Tony around him. “You feel amazing. I never thought it’d be like this.”
While they got ready for bed, the television was still running. With people’s smartphones and security cameras and even satellites, the news station had covered the scene from every angle, showing over and over again how Rumlow had killed himself, and how Wanda had thrown the explosion right into the building where relief aid workers had been trying to do their job.
Steve’s shirt sailed across the room the next second, and Tony’s nails were digging painfully hard into his back, even while his lips covered every part of his face, taking his mouth whenever his journeying kisses brought him close enough. “I wanted to hate you for keeping it from me,” Tony said. “Couldn’t. Still can’t.”
“I know you didn’t sleep at all,” Steve pointed out. “It’s fine. I got a little shut eye, I don’t mind.”
Steve
Seeing Obadiah Stane outside the confines of Stark Mansion was startling, but his presence filled Steve with a dark foreshadowing all the same.
, so to speak, but it’s… it’s a bit like trying to take JARVIS down while he fights you tooth and nail. It’s not easy in the first place—only I haven’t programmed this AI myself, which makes it a shitload harder.”
Steve didn’t know if he was looking forward to that. If Howard’s son had spent so much money on finding him, he might have expectations, and Steve just… He had no idea what to think; how to feel about all of it. But he wasn’t ready to pledge himself to yet another case.
Steve’s mind blanked out completely. He was floating away. He didn’t—Well, Tony tasted exactly how Steve had known he would. Not that Steve had imagined Tony’s taste, but it was Tony, and he always smelled like warm metal, and mint and coffee and… this was exactly how he tasted like, too. And he kissed Steve with mild desperation and slightly too harsh movements that didn’t give Steve any room for thought.
“Gonna come,” Steve explained. “You don’ want—”
“Alright. Business,” Tony announced with a tight smile. “I’m sure you realize that there are a lot of people out to get their hands on you. And I need you to become part of our team so I can stop that from happening.”
“So good,” Steve said with closed eyes, moaning softly as Tony continued to drag his cock in and out of him. After a moment, he started to push back, as always picking up the rhythm with ease. “Come on.”
There was nothing to do but wait for the day to tug him back to a reality that made sense.
And yet, he hadn’t wanted to go. It had to do with DUM-E and the dozen allnighters Tony had pulled off in those last weeks, but it was also… Steve.
to wait for better times. If we start living that way, we’re never gonna get what we want. And… I figure the darker it gets the more we should try to make the good moments count, don’t you think?”
“Very funny,” Steve said, smiling back at him.
Tony managed to keep to his feet for a moment, while the world blurred and faded in a haze. He watched with a great deal of relief as the Quinjet ascended from the hangar’s rooftop, and rushed through the sky. The marines clearly had noticed, but there was nothing they could do at that point.
Sam nodded. Then nodded some more. “Yeah, sure, that’s cool,” he said, glancing at Mjolnir for a second before he turned around to place another coffeepot on the counter.
“This is me,” Tony said, once the transformation was over. “Samael. Satan. The Prince of Darkness.” He let a dark, archaic tone bleed into his voice, and was utterly floored, when, after a short moment of contemplation, Steve placed one of his hands on Tony’s left cheek.
“You’re… you’re such an ass,” Steve groaned. “I’m really close, not kidding.”
Bruce smiled at him reassuringly. “I can do it.”
And God, he was hot inside, like a furnace, gripping Steve’s fingers like a vice.
“You can call it that,” Bucky agreed.
“I’ll let you fuck me, but I won’t let you drive me nuts. You can’t make me forget how you made my whole life a living hell.”
at the same time.
really so arrogant to think I care about your opinion?” Tony countered. “You don’t know me at all, Barnes. So don’t even try.”
Steve frowned and whirled around. He hadn’t noticed that the door to the interrogation room had been opened and when he spotted the source of the voice, his insides flushed cold.
“No?”
Better not to push it.
Tony sighed, gaze not swaying from the brunette. There was a glow of reverent awe bursting through his heart. “When on earth did you become so noble, Brucey?”
Steve nodded his head.
“Put it down,” he heard a female voice say and turned around to look at Natasha. She stood in the shadows only a few steps away from him. Probably had the whole time.
The last days had been a continuous back and forth between New York and Washington, and he barely had time to unpack before he had to be on a plane again.
“You think this is funny?” Thor asked and Tony had likely never seen him
,” Bucky shouted at him over the noise, but when Steve turned to him, his eyes were practically sparkling with glee.
“Uhh, Mr. Sta—!” Peter called, then yelped, as he was picked up by Sam, who flew him to somewhere on the other side of the airport.
This… this would be every bit as painful as Tony had expected it to be.
He thought Tony had wanted to say something then, but Pepper had already called Tony’s name, asking to discuss some very important thing about the hors d’oeuvre, and the moment was gone. Steve had watched him as Tony continued down the hallway, lightly touching his fingertips to the place where his hand had been.
Bucky wearily leaned his metal arm against the wall. “What are we gonna do, Steve?
This… this was too…
Of course, Steve had been strangely immune to Tony’s charm, never confessing his deepest desires, not succumbing to Tony’s many propositions in the slightest.
“Tony…”
Steve’s brows perked. “Stealing things from a Stark? I’m impressed.”
He needed to climb upwards and when he reached the upper level, Bucky was back on his feet, aiming his gun at him.
There were so many answers going through Steve’s head, but he didn’t want Rhodey to tell Tony that he wasn’t happy here. “It’s… pleasant,” he forced himself to say instead.
Tony felt that soft, near-dead glow of hope die completely. The guys next to Steve were laughing, and while Steve’s face remained impassive, and weirdly concentrated, this scene was very much self-explanatory.
Something warm and, maybe even a little affectionate.
“Easy now,” Steve said softly, trying and failing to conceal his mirth. He guided Tony’s hand through the water, turning it back and forth. “That’s it.”
Tony smiled to himself, savoring his next bite while gauging his words carefully. It was… stupid, somehow, his sudden need for a label, and he
"I was gonna…" Steve gestured at the piece of paper vaguely. "I was gonna get rid of that and ask you properly. I…" He ducked his head. "I wrote you a note at home, I'm guessing you didn't find it, huh?"
He sat the wings down on Sam’s shoulders, clipping the harness in place. Then he looked down at a small emitter, pushing it back into the frame of Sam’s right wing. The power storage cell gave off a low hum at that, the articulation joints on both wings moving back and forth in a test motion. “Looks good,” Tony said, checking every seam twice. “I’m gonna do a proper once-over when we’ll get back to New York. It’ll work much smoother with a vibranium alloy and a little repulsor power.”
… the words resonated within Tony’s mind as something ugly, something terrifying.
so much. Tony's dick was about as wide as his fingers, but longer, and the slide of him inside felt like nothing Steve had ever felt before. He was leaning over Steve, clearly awed by what they were doing, and Steve soaked up in the radiance of that grin. Everything felt so warm and affectionate that he couldn't believe this was the same man that only a few weeks ago would've glared daggers at him for the smallest slight.
Tony peered out of the windshield as the RV rolled towards the parking lot right in front of the mansion’s entrance. It was already dark outside, and the sun had just set. The Graham mansion was nestled comfortably away from metropolitan influence while obviously still enjoying a respectful influx of seasonal tourism.
(See the end of the chapter for
Outcome? Steve thought dazedly, as he opened his eyes again.
[J.A.R.V.I.S.] [chat_server:46954] New Client2 (chat_server:46956) is online
Sure, he was also considering arguing with Tony about safety regulations, but that was something—he realized upon hearing Tony's voice—that would have to wait for later.
“I’m hard,” Steve panted stupidly. And God, he
“Don’t need to mock anything. We’re already the funniest punch line I’ve ever heard.”
Clenching and unclenching his hands, he tried to stop shaking. He could feel a thundering in his ears, harsh gasps filling in the space between. Eyes darted around trying to discover where he was. There was no light. No relief from the black surrounding him.
The grin broadened. “6-9-WHOOPEE. Favorite leisure activity.”
Those words followed Steve through his day. Tony was with him when he showered in his SHIELD room. He stood next to the window as he combed his hair. He smirked at him as he rifled through his new drawer and pouted when he put on clothes. He brushed his lips across Steve’s before he left his room, promising he would be there when he returned.
Steve turned his hand in Tony’s, pushing his fingers open with his until their palms pressed together. He stared at them, and Tony wondered if he was as fascinated by how perfectly they fit together as Tony was. He twined his fingers through Steve’s, and for a long moment, as the elevator moved towards the garage floor, they just stood there, clasping hands.
He scaled the branches with precision, and Steve really hadn’t known that Tony could be agile like this. Sure, in his Iron Man suit he was grace personified, always in motion, always looking somehow… lighter than he did in his own skin.
“Nope. Don’t think I’ll be doing that.”
Steve spent the next day driving to Washington. In the evening, they had their first of many test runs for the big USO opening and it left him with a hollow ache in his chest. The whole thing was awkward, and he was too tense, only barely managing to read his text from where he had pinned it to the brass-shield he’d been carrying.
what Tony did and who he did it with. It was something else that bothered him, but he simply couldn’t put his finger on it.
“I never asked her, but I’m pretty sure Natasha’s still in contact with the others. So… you can ask her to forward something to Wanda.” He shrugged. “Just thought I’d let you know.”
Steve hummed, moving closer to him. He buried his face in the crook between Tony’s neck and shoulder, breathing in deep.
“’m here now,” Steve said. He wound his arms beneath Tony’s armpits, holding him close. His body was getting closer to an explosion unlike anything he’d ever felt, and he could barely keep up with Tony. The way he moved beneath him, rolling and sliding just right. He felt the eager jerks of Tony’s cock against his abdomen every time he arched into him, heard the little squeaking of the mattress beneath their thrusting bodies and shivered at the colorful words he wasn’t even certain Tony was fully aware he released into the hot air between them.
.” He kicked off the sheets, shamelessly naked and sprawling his limbs over the mattress.
“Let’s just sit here until I wake up, yeah?” Tony asked quietly.
He could probably deny it, but there was little reason to it.
"Don't go anywhere," he said, eyes set on Tony's for a meaningful moment, before shifting off of him and out of the bed. He hurriedly pulled on his underwear and headed for the bathroom.
Steve moved a little faster now—and Tony was keeping up. Faster still—and Tony was holding his own. It made him try a few new moves, and he barely managed to pull his punch in time before clipping Tony across the jaw. Tony had frozen up and Steve had come right under his guard.
At that, Natasha and Steve exchanged a long, meaningful glance before simultaneously imploding in a sea of amused chuckles.
Steve stood still in his arms. Then, his arms slowly wound around Tony’s shoulders.
“The end of the world as we know it?” Steve continued.
he never fussed about first times. If you think about it too long, it becomes intimidating, daunting. He didn't want to get anxious so quickly, so he grabbed for Tony's wrist as they were heading towards his bed, and he twirled him around to press their lips together in a quick kiss.
“Sure,” Tony said, smiling.
The words hit Tony right where he didn’t need them. What was there to do? He had long stopped hating Steve for what had happened. He had allowed himself to change, too, and for better or worse, here they were now. He had never thought of Steve as a true friend before, but he could admit that the notion didn’t seem as far away. Steve was so… near.
At first, Tony didn’t even make the connection between the noise and the phone, and when he did, he was too paralyzed to move.
“Be careful,” he told Tony via their private line, trying to make his way up the hill. He didn’t want his previous orders for Tony to disarm and disable to backfire.
“Tony Stark is standing in front of me with a baby in his arms. And he’s not trying to run away,” Phil mused to himself. “My past self would probably be having a laughing fit right now.”
Worth it.
Natasha’s feet crunched on the gravel path behind him. There wasn’t room for choosing his words wisely. His foresight was clouded with unbridled hurt and he whirled around, grasping her by the shoulders. “You know, at times your selfishness knows no bounds.”
A part of Steve knew he should go—that whatever they said wasn’t meant for his ears. There were secrets he simply wasn’t allowed to unravel.
There would be another time.
When Tony woke, he was encompassed in softness. It was all around him. Everywhere. A hazy fog that clouded his mind with pure radiance.
There was a tightening of Barnes’ jaw, but he did not offer any further reaction. Instead he turned around, ignoring Tony completely.
Only hours after he and Bruce had finally found a method that had good chances to deactivate the implants in Barnes’ brain without causing him harm in the process, the door to Barnes' room flew open. It was Maria Hill who paraded inward, first. She wore an expression that could freeze Hell, though the determination on her face looked more prone to raise it. Tony should’ve known better than to think just because she’d decided to work for him now, she’d follow his orders like she’d done with Fury.
“Excuse me?” the girl all but squeaked, her voice laced with indignation. “I’m not—”
“I don’t know why he brought me here. He doesn’t want me, not like her… I don’t know why he thought that
There was a small smile playing around the man’s lips. “You’re my creature,” he said almost softly. “Do you understand what is expected of you?”
It felt like much more time than just half an hour had passed when the Quinjet finally touched down on the rooftop of Avenger Tower. Steve ran straight into the elevator, and then into Tony’s workshop a few floors below. By then, he had envisioned about every possible scenario, what he
“I know,” Tony said, putting a hand on Rhodey’s head. “I didn’t know either. Not until I came back.”
“Nothing,” Tony murmured, then seemed to realize how far-fetched that statement was. He sighed. “Everything. I don’t know.”
“It’s just a dream,” Steve reminded him.
“Tantalizing twenty,” Clint said, grinning at him cheekily.
There were the sounds of steps and Steve tried grabbing for his shield and only relaxed when he saw Sam landing next to him. He clapped a hand on Steve’s shoulder, handing him a duffel bag.
He had half a mind to tell the two exactly how much he cared about
He had never been asked this before, and it was by sheer willpower that he didn’t go for an emotional retreat then and there. Only that when Tony opened his eyes again, Steve was still looking at him in question, and Tony was determined not to let his fears of intimacy rule him. Not with every inch of him doused in pleasure.
. Then Steve wasn’t the only one. “I got Extremis. I won’t bleed much.”
“You’re annoying like that. Persistent.”
Rhodey shrugged. “Then no one’s keeping you.”
“Yeah.”
She paused, expecting the younger Tony to say something, which he didn’t.
He sweetly pressed his brow to Steve’s. “I trust you, too.”
“Jo will pick those up in a bit,” Tony said, pointing to his clothes. Then, he grinned at him wickedly. “Wanna join me for the shower?”
“Just about,” Steve agreed, smiling. Together, they carried Clint inside, and at last, even Tony touched down on the ground, his faceplate opening up.
Tony cracked a smile, nodded. “Sure thing.” It was kind of insulting that Barnes thought it wouldn’t work out, but Tony decided to let that slide for now.
Steve remained stock-still as he regarded the numbers and letters in front of him. “I don’t understand… When did you do this?”
So he fisted Tony’s hair and dragged him away from his throat, ignoring the whimper of protest that tumbled through Tony’s lips. “It’s Steve,” he told him firmly. “My name is Steve.” With that, he pressed his lips to Tony’s mouth. And immediately, any sliver of doubt that this wasn’t a dream was banished.
Strange hummed, nodded. “Good. It’s worth a try.” He looked around as he stood up. “I’ll contact you once I have any news.”
“We can’t simply undermine this. At least not right away.” He turned around and paused, his expression hardening. His voice held all the gravity he could muster. “We’ll have to let him make his point,
The next second, the door to the penthouse flew open and Pepper walked in, impeccably dressed in vintage Chanel. She gave the room a once-over and shuddered. “God, Tony, this place is a pigpen.” Making an executive decision, she snapped open her cell phone and punched in a number. “Happy? I need a cleaning service over here. Offer to pay them double their rate if they can do it today.” Her eyes flicked over to a plate of Spaghetti spilled all over the floor. “And get a cleaning service that specializes in Macassar ebony. Thanks.”
As expected, every time he opened his eyes now, Steve came into view. It had started a few days ago. Steve just sat there on one of the benches, all goddamn day. Sometimes he’d bring a book, or warm his hands on some steaming cup, while talking to one of his team members. Mostly, though, Steve stared at him.
Bucky was still charged for murder, still categorized as a liability and a potential threat.
, sweetheart. I’m so proud of you.”
Steve heaved an annoyed breath and looked up at the ceiling. With his left arm, he nudged Tony closer beneath a large trunk where the coverage was thickest.
Almost instantly, Steve tensed in his arms, and it took him a moment to realize
“Right,” Steve said, biting his lower lip because the question clearly hadn’t been directed at him. When he looked up again, he saw Agent Romanoff trying to suppress a grin.
Bile rose in Steve’s throat at the thought. “Sir, I—”
“The ultimatum wouldn’t have mattered,” Tony interrupted wearily. “Not if I’d told him first. I just delayed the inevitable.”
As that information sunk in, Steve tried sitting up on the floor. This dimension-travelling-business really wasn’t something he looked forward to doing again. Ever. His head was spinning, he felt slightly nauseous, and he had a hard time really grasping what had happened.
Well, yeah, okay, he would. But only once, just to see what it was like.
“Look,” Steve went on, “we could just go outside, prepare dinner, and talk about it like grown ups.”
“God,” Steve gasped, letting his head drop on the sleeping bag. “You have any idea what it takes to resist you?”
After a moment, Sam nodded. “He’s been trying. He tried to do the right thing, whether we wanted him to or not.”
Steve turned around, wide-eyed, just as the waitress said, “Oh my God, you’re T—”
It wasn’t hard to see how much he must’ve loved his wife. The grief was written all across his features whenever someone would say her name or even hint at her death.
Steve winked. “How about one more time.”
“Long day, and all.”
,” Tony echoed, his voice askance. He grinned broadly, nudging his nose against the side of Steve’s face and drawing his mouth back to Tony’s. His tongue teased his lips, doing his damnedest to drive him up the wall. God, he loved kissing Steve. “Real kinky.”
“Yeah…” Steve frowned, questioning himself. Those eyes. They couldn’t have possibly been robotic.
It was only one face that remained hazy. He recalled red hair, but couldn’t piece together the right set of eyes and nose in a manner that struck him as accurate.
“Steve…” Tony intervened, walking up to Steve and putting an arm around his waist, holding him back.
He licked his lips and held his breath as he pulled his fingers free. Spending too much time on this would only drive him crazy at this point, so to get himself back under control he turned to a more practical task and tore the package open to lube up his dick.
“This can’t be the data point,” Natasha said, walking further into the room. “This technology is ancient.” She frowned when she noticed the new USB port lying on the huge desk in front of them. There wasn’t a single dust note on its surface.
—and Tony huffed a surprised laugh when Steve hummed and snuggled him even closer.
Tony stilled, a deep sadness taking hold of his features. He schooled his expression as best as he could, but Steve knew that whatever he’d said, it’d hit too close to home.
The agents looked at each other, then nodded. “Alright,” Agent Barton said. “Obviously, we don’t want to trouble him more than is necessary. We all want this to be over with as soon as possible.”
"So, did you get to sleep at all since we last talked?" he asked, handing over one of the bottles as soon as Tony came close enough, taking the other for himself. He’d cleaned up nicely, though Steve certainly had liked the dirty and rugged look on him, too, and—
Fuck, it was just like Steve to do something like this. The guy simply couldn’t let someone else take the brunt of all the dirty work. He’d been happily diving into his death. Laying down on the wire like he’d always said he would.
been buried beneath a smallish skyscraper, after all. And while things looked to be pretty stable, he should be checking—just to be sure. There were things to do, too, and all of those had nothing to do with getting naked right now.
The note that settled over the room as they took their leave was carefully optimistic at best. And Tony—he had to cling to the good memories. The way Steve’s skin felt under his touch. The way he’d tasted when they’d last kissed. The way he’d looked when he’d first laid eyes on Ian.
Natasha looked up from where she was kneeling on Clint’s left side, and only then did Steve spot the blood on the snowy ground beneath him. “It’s a non-fatal injury,” she hurried to explain, her hand pressing down on the wound, “but we should get him to Cho asap.”
“Tony’s great, Buck. I’m sure you’ll get along just fine.”
Yeah. He was ready for whatever was next.
Steve nodded. “I think it’s our choice to make, but… I want it to be,” he said, and the emotion storming Tony’s heart threatened to overflow.
Tony chuckled, leaning in so he could rest his head on Steve’s shoulder. “He sorta is, yeah. Told you he’s a hardliner.”
A sigh rolled off Tony’s shoulders as he looked up, his eyes irrevocably drawn back to Steve. He must be on his third refill, at least, and next to him, the one armed guy was talking to some redheaded woman. And he wasn’t just talking to her, that was obvious flirting going on.
Confused, he shifted his eyes back up to her. “It’s
“You don’t have to watch that,” he said, and tried to reach for Tony’s shoulders to lead him away, but Tony stood firm, shrugged off Steve’s grip with the force of his hands.
Steve loved seeing Tony so passionate about something. There was a lot of science involved in wilderness survival, in the discovery of this dimension, and Tony obviously enjoyed making use of it a lot.
By now, Steve had met all of Tony’s other friends. A few employees and scientists he worked with, especially Bruce Banner who was a regular guest—and even the ones Tony clearly only named ‘friends’ because courtesy demanded it.
There was a long, heavy pause between them. And Steve knew what Tony would say next before he ever opened his mouth. “Sign it. Steve, I’m begging you.”
Steve took a low breath as he regarded Tony. “It’s… most definitely not all apples and sunshine with us. We have arguments, we have really bad days—or really bad weeks. You and I, we still disagree a lot about a lot of things, but we—
Everyone had taken a seat around the table, and Bucky watched as Steve and Tony shared a look that meant business, before Steve cleared his throat. He raised himself to his feet.
“Trust me on this one: He wants to. He’s just too shy to ask for it.”
“Of course you can,” he whispered.
Tony nodded with a tight smile, knowing that it really was this easy for Steve. They’d won the fight, and that was that—for now. “Yes, again,” he agreed. “Think we’ll ever have to not do that?”
“No, but I had
So, yeah… maybe a friendship with Rogers wasn’t so far off as Tony had once thought it was.
It was all a bit crazy, but once they’d found this Sequencer, everything could finally go back to normal. Steve would leave, and Tony…
As the sun’s rays shone down on them, all hundred thousand eyes in the area searched for a glimpse of the moon. And there it was—the huge fiery orange disc in the sky with its upper right corner sliced off by a tiny crescent.
stopped, it would've made his life a little easier, if only for the fact that he wouldn't have to
kissing someone, and that someone had to be Tony.
“No, you fucking well shouldn’t have! You shouldn’t know!” He turned back to Steve. “Why would I tell you that?”
Pepper chuckled quietly, and Tony could just imagine her sitting in Stark Industries’ glass high rise in Malibu, impeccably dressed in Chanel, Manolo Blahniks crossed under her enormous mahogany desk. The telephone was likely cradled gently to her ear—she despised earpieces—; staring out the window of her corner office; the small frown line between her eyes becoming more pronounced. Tony knew that line intimately, having been the cause of it more than once.
"My friends, I have brought a fair amount of antidote," Thor spoke as soon as he saw everyone was assembled. "We can start administering it now."
Tony drew in a breath and held it. The components of his brain that weren’t busy with scanning every bit of Steve’s skin he was laying bare at the moment were racing with Steve’s words. “Did you now,” he said with a husky tone. “Well, we definitely have to do something about that sometime…”
Tony’s eyes narrowed. Apparently, he’d hit a nerve, but so had Steve. “It’s still better than yours!” he snapped, pointing a finger at him. “Serum or not, this would’ve gotten you killed, one-hundred-fucking-percent, Steve. I was looking out for you, why are you so goddamn angry?”
“This thing has Bluetooth?”
The elevator door slid open. There was a dim light at the foot of the stairs, and he could hear voices coming from Fury’s office. When he reached the foyer, he saw Natasha and Fury standing near the sofa. They were speaking in a hushed whisper. Fury’s lips were drawn together in a thin line, lines of fatigue and temper bracketing his mouth.
And Steve—he was strong now. Before Erskin, he’d never faced a man, other than Bucky, that he had a chance of beating in a one on one fight. And Bucky—well, if Steve was honest to himself, he supposed Bucky had let him win most of the time, just to spare him the humiliation.
“How could I not?” Tony asked. “I’ve been outta my mind when you were gone… thinking about you. Knowing…” He paused again, a long sigh rolling off his shoulders. “Knowing what I said to you. And I’ve missed you so much. I had someone look for you every day, for sixteen years. I flew over the damn Atlantic too many times to count.” He broke away, pressing his brows to Steve’s. “Just hoping I’d have the chance to tell you how much you mean to me.”
“I’ll work on something,” Tony promised. Ross thought he was very clever with his supervision nonsense, but it wouldn’t be much of a problem to outsmart him. "You can see him and talk to him every day. And you’ll be back with us before you know it.”
“Anyone ever told you that the road to hell is paved with good Samaritans?”
Ugh. Everything in Steve itched to take out his smartphone and google the hell out of all this, but Bucky was too nosy for his own good and the last thing Steve needed right now was someone to play Twenty Questions with him.
He spotted most of them mingling all around the floor, and Tony glanced over his shoulder when he suddenly felt a tug on his left hand.
The tone in Tony’s voice was harsh and closed-off, and Vision found irritation rise within, which only irritated him more. Usually, Tony’s antics left him a bit impatient, but the feeling inside him now was decidedly different. Decidedly more conflicted.
It was a letter, Steve realized, and recognized the kind of flaming red paper immediately. He’d seen it in the secret drawer compartment in the Morning room. It was the same color as the hidden letters he’d found in Indries’ desk.
"What you do to me…" he said as he pressed his chest to Tony's back, face burying in the crook of his neck. He breathed against Tony's hot skin, sliding himself back and forth, wanting to go in already but waiting for Tony to demand it, as he'd learned Tony tended to do when he was getting frustrated.
be in trouble, but he’d told him that, well…
Rhodey smirked. “Seems so.”
His side-to-side motion switched to back and forth, with a little grinding pause every time he moved forward.
“What?” Steve asked, dumbfounded. “I tried talking to you
“Come on, sweetheart.”
“Oh, but it is, and now, I’ll make good use of it.”
Tony’s expression refused to change. He merely nodded and encouraged him to continue. “How so?”
Suddenly, Tony’s hands clamped hard around his forearms and his mouth was pressed against Steve’s. And that was it. The last part of him clinging to sanity died.
It was a wild lie. There was no way to tell if Tony was going to tell him anything—especially after their argument at the ball—, but the police officers didn’t have to know that.
He hadn’t recognized it at first, that fluttering feeling inside him, but there it was. It was a warmth he’d never known before, a yearning he was only slowly learning to live with. And it scared him—not just the love in itself, although that was unbelievably overwhelming, too, but also because he had a feeling that his love would never be returned.
He didn’t want it to end.
“No work tonight,” he reminded him, smiling softly when Tony nodded. Tony himself rested his elbows on the table, cradling Steve’s head in his palms as he leaned in for a gentle kiss.
Tony’s jaw twitched, and Steve could see his knuckles going white as he gripped his coffee cup tighter. “I wish I could spare you the trouble, I really do,” Tony said, and he even sounded like he meant it. “But you’ve always told me that it’s our duty to save the world, Steve. Live or die. This looks like our only hope to keep doing that.”
He didn’t fool himself. When it came to the Vision, Tony knew there were a thousand things he would never understand. Everything he and Bruce had done that day had been a purely scientific effort, but the outcome had been far beyond that, and completely out of Tony’s reach.
is pining after anyone, let alone after
“Yes,” Tony admitted.
“When does the party start?” Steve asked, when both Bucky and Sam had left the room, staring blankly at the clock beneath the television. It was late afternoon, and the sun would set soon. It couldn’t be much longer, and some part in him really wished he hadn’t agreed for them to host a post-mission party at all.
There was a long pause.
“No need to remind me,” he answered, huffing at himself. Steve could slam his shield down into his neck, and he would die with a fierce love in his heart. He was just that gone for him.
“Hey stranger,” someone said. “I think I know you from somewhere.”
Steve sighed. He really tried not be too annoyed about these kinds of things, but Tony zoning out in the middle of a conversation was definitely something he’d never get used to. “Tony, come on…”
—revolutionary.
“You love me,” Tony murmured against Steve’s mouth, their noses brushing against one another. He laughed, good-naturedly, breathing Steve’s air, and breathing him in all at once. “Seriously, sometimes I think this is reverse-world and we’re still back on that carrier, shouting at each other about bottles and wires.”
They raced across the city, and Tony was mindful to keep Steve in a somewhat comfortable position as he headed towards Stark—no—Avengers Tower. He had to tease Steve a little, but he also felt worry eat at him. Breathing in weird and potentially lethal toxins from outer space, that was bound to have consequences. And he really had to get Steve, and Romanov, and Barton into those decontamination showers as soon as possible.
He sat down beside Tony on the bed, and together, they powdered and diapered Ian’s bottom with practiced movements, then zipped him up into clean sleepers. With his tummy full and his body clean, dry, and warm, it didn’t take long for him to finally fall asleep on his parent’s bed. They stretched out on either side of him, facing each other.
"We're having that date tomorrow even if it means we’ll have it in the middle of a mission," Steve said, a touch of a slur marring his speech. He met Tony's intense gaze one more time, seeing those impossible emotions that made his insides coil in a pleasant tingling knot. "Good night."
With that, the scene froze, and Steve couldn’t stop staring at the younger Tony’s thoughtful expression.
“I was not!” Tony denied, then back paddled. “Okay, maybe I was. But you
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve blushed. “I was… I didn’t really know where to start. I wrote the letter—”
Tony’s hips surged forward once, driving into Steve hard and staying there. “Like that?”
“Didn’t you listen? He can’t tell us anything,” Bruce said. “This is strictly ‘Need to know’ from here on out.”
The soft pads of feet had Steve lean up slightly, glancing to the tent’s opening.
Steve was as unsure about this as was humanly possible. “Tony, I—I
"Safety protocols activated," JARVIS announced as Steve showed himself into the room. He saw Tony in the decontamination chamber with the hammer in hand and ran for him. "Tony, no!"
Several times her slender legs or those small hands found their mark, and within minutes, he was battered and bleeding. Battered and bleeding, but by no means defeated. He managed several decent blows. One backhand was particularly well executed, and he sent her reeling on the ground right next to the long escarpment. She gasped, slumping on the ground and staying there.
“Where is he?” he asked, looking at Natasha.
SR 3:13 A.M.>Be rough, I know you like that
Tony probably wouldn't be able to keep standing like this for much longer, so he kissed him under the ear and pressed tighter against him before pulling him a few paces away from the wall. "Got an idea… Lean against me," he instructed, and carefully lowered them onto their knees on the floor, with Tony's undersuit for cushion. "Okay?"
he remembered Tony telling him, only one day ago, on the balcony of his penthouse. Steve also remembered his own answer.
it, really, even more urgently than he thought to. They had only ever managed to see each other on the weekends, and sometimes not even that, and if there was one thing he really wanted in the next five years—and longer still—it was to wake up next to Steve every morning.
Steve had just raised his shield into the air, and with a swift, underhand movement, Tony fired a blast against its surface and thus shot the shield right into the throat of Bucky’s attacker. The shield bounced against the wall, and whirled right back through the air into Steve’s waiting hand.
“So far it looks good,” Tony said with a slight shrug that didn’t look too convinced. “People seem to realize I actually have something to offer in return.”
The dreams continued like that for days. He lived his life, travelling from one USO show to another, giving interviews, shooting promotional photos, knowing Tony waited for him at night. Sometimes they spoke, sometimes they sat, divided by an awkward silence.
Steve laughed. “Parker. Our new friends from outer space just insulted you a lot before they left.”
“It was a stupid idea.”
Steve stopped in his tracks, momentarily confused at where he was, and—more importantly—where he’d come from.
“I’m not a chicken!”
A fleeting shadow passed over Bucky's face and Steve gulped, bracing for a full-on argument. He knew he hadn't dealt with Bucky's injury like a best friend should. And he knew Bucky had every right to be angry at him.
“Stop it,” he hissed defensively, but there was nervousness in his expression as well.
“What exactly is his mental condition?”
Soon enough, all seven of them were lying on the RV’s roof side by side, staring with their goggles at the sky. He and Rhodey had set up their equipment in record time, having practiced this step of the way for a Million times. The telescope was ready, as was the camera. They would have the perfect pictures—the perfect videos—but now, it was time just to bask.
Steve only stood there and stared.
Tony hated him.
There was another lengthy pause. Bruce probably wouldn’t be too happy about sharing any sort of information about his patient. Steve knew, from his previous meetings with Bruce, that he took the ethics of his job very serious.
“Steve,” Rhodes warned quietly, a look of concern on his face. “It might be better to leave him alone right now.”
So as he helped Sam with carrying Bucky forward, Steve twirled the three of them around fast so that the first shots were hitting the shield on his back. The phone in his pocket vibrated steadily, but he couldn’t stop to check who it was. The bullets were banging against his back as he picked up the pace. They couldn’t stop moving until they were safe.
Today was supposed to be the last hearing about Bucky’s case before he would have to testify himself. Tony had been carefully optimistic when he’d left New York yesterday, and the sour mood he was in now meant no good.
Steve nodded. He rocked him further against the headboard and slid his hand between their bodies. His fingers brushed Tony’s cock as his thrusts grew even harder.
“Lucifer,” Steve whispered, letting his thumb caress the scarred skin. And then, even softer, he added, “Tony.” Steve cracked a small smile. “I told you once—and I’ll tell you again: You’re not a monster to me.”
There were hushed voices in front of his cell, and if he’d open his eyes, he would probably see Steve pacing back and forth along the large window front.
Steve pressed a hand on Tony’s mouth, keeping it there for a second before pulling back. Tony gave him an unimpressed scowl, but his expression gentled when Steve carefully turned them around and settled on top of him.
“Yeah, I know.” He dropped his eyes a little. “And you have every right to be. I was arrogant, thinking I could understand something as complex as the scepter’s matrix in just a few days.”
Nothing in Steve’s life was all right anymore.
Steve was still hunched over, face pressed into both hands. Only when Tony shifted on the bed, he did look up.
“I know one guy in particular who’s completely gone for me.”
“If I’d only known how easy it would be to tame you,” Steve said amusedly.
And—oh God—it was too much. Already too much. A gasp scratched at his throat as Tony clenched around him. Tony was so tight. Tighter and tighter. He had barely breached him, and he was already close. His body clenched and Steve forced himself to a standstill to gather his bearings.
“That’s a joke, right?” Tony asked, his body tight with tension. “We’re back here again? Do you remember last night?”
“No. Should be another half hour.” He glanced down at his watch, and groaned. Well, that obviously wasn’t half an hour.
“This is going to be a nightmare,” Bucky heard Tony say, and the words made him stop in his tracks.
the wrong sort of elder. That could lead to a few awkward situations.”
That got a snort from Tony. He raised his hands and shoved them both into Steve’s side. “You’re such an ass, Rogers. No one would ever believe me.”
Here, Tony was his
It did feel nice, and Steve let his mind drift a bit. With his two favorite persons near, all of his worries, the insecurities, the frustration—became meaningless.
, Tony,” Steve replied with a steady voice. And by the look in Tony’s eyes, he’d crossed a line. “If you’d just tell me…”
Bloodshot eyes found Steve’s—a clash of violent blue—and every molecule froze. Steve felt something hard clench in the pit of his stomach, without being fully able to explain what it was. There was nothing to do but stare for long, endless seconds, stranded in a memory he couldn’t quite place.
Tony thought for a moment, then sighed. “No. They’ve always been close. He hired her, after all. I’m sure the letter is genuine.”
The only one left behind was Barnes.
“It already does,” Tony mumbled, scratching his head. He had left the realm of a common headache long ago, this
TS 11:06 P.M.>Just gonna kiss the next cute blonde
Instead of commenting on the co-leader jibe, Tony bit his lower lip and folded his arms across his chest. The others agreed immediately and he watched as they set into motion, bickering back and forth while they cleared the couch table from its various snack-packages, soda bottles and glasses, bringing all of it into the nearby kitchen.
funny.”
"I don't think I can get back to sleep…" he admitted quietly, not opening his eyes.
“So he’s good?”
Natasha pursed her lips, and regarded him for a long moment, before she started to speak. “We worked together for the KGB for a few years—or HYDRA. Can’t really be sure about that anymore.” There was a moment’s consideration, her gaze not swaying from Tony’s face. “He had part in my training, and after that, they had us go on a few missions together, most of them overseas. I was still very young, so I regarded him as some kind of mentor. He didn’t mean much of anything to me, aside from being someone I looked up to. He was never… awake for more than a week at a time and every time we met again, he had no idea who I was.”
“And I do?” Natasha asked with a very serious tone. “Tony, Bruce, Clint…
Tony blinked. “JARVIS?”
The correct answer was ‘zero’, but Steve felt his reservations crumble. “How about I quickly return your favor this morning and I’ll try to be there on time?”
Steve laughed and clapped Bucky’s knee. “Really appreciate that, Buck. Don’t worry about me, I’ll talk to him soon.”
The suit rushed to the ground, coming to a perfectly executed stop on one of the small side streets, a few corners away from Steve’s apartment. By now, Mark Forty-Two worked beautifully, its prehensile technology integrating perfectly with Extremis and Tony’s nervous system. Within a blink of the eye, the suit bled back into Tony’s body, leaving him in a sharp black suit and a blue dress shirt he’d worn for his meetings today. Tony walked up to Steve’s building and once he arrived at the front door, he turned the key, jogging up the steps to the second floor.
“Yeah,” Tony said. “I’m just really sore.”
“No, I don’t!” Bucky grabbed him by the shoulder and slammed him up against the closed door. “Stop making everything your business!”
. Not you… or the home you’ve made with me… and definitely not this child. Not after everything I’ve put the Sokovians and the whole world through. But I’m gonna do right by you… and by this baby. I swear I will.”
When Tony looked around, they were alone again. Pepper and Maria had accompanied Ross outside and Natasha’s expression fell into a kind, sympathetic smile which did nothing to conceal Tony’s own worries. “Sharon has a few contacts left. Maybe she has an idea.”
“It also includes a trip to Vegas with Rhodey, making Bruce lose his temper for once in his life, and working up the courage to ask you to move into the mansion with me, but yeah, that’s the agenda.”
He didn’t want much. Just a distraction from the waste he’d managed to turn his life into. Something that helped him to forget the look on Steve’s face after their fight with the Doombots—the way he’d looked at Tony like he was worth
When Jarvis accompanied him back to his room, he bowed slightly. “It was a pleasure talking to you, Master Rogers,” he said, and he sounded earnest about it.
“Nah,” Stark replied, but the matter-of-fact tone was obviously faked. “Don’t be. I’m getting used to it.”
He was wearing chinos, a grey cardigan with a white polo shirt underneath, and with the red skin and the intense blue eyes, the picture he made was so weird and somehow so fitting for what Steve had secretly envisioned JARVIS to wear if he’d have a body that Steve couldn’t hide a small smile.
Tony laughed helplessly. “The ‘next one’? You realize I’m not twenty anymore, right?”
“Oh, come on,” Bucky breathed.
about you, why should I…”
That was great.
Clint cast them a somewhat uneasy look, then glanced back at Natasha.
[J.A.R.V.I.S.] [chat_server:46954]
"No, it's 'Favorite Uncle'. Try again."
“Just ignore him,” Natasha advised—not asleep, then. “He’s just trying to bait you.”
Her smile broke into a grin, and she patted him once more, before sauntering to the exit. “Have fun, love birds,” she called, and then she was gone.
She released him for a moment, but only to position herself above him. He hooked his hand behind one of her knees and lifted her up to wrap her legs further up around his waist. When she’d settled, he poised himself at her entrance and right as he was about to plunge himself inside her, someone pounded on the door.
Tony pulled Steve down with him. He lay down on his back and Steve moved on top of him. His hands wove around Tony’s shoulders, while pressing his pelvis against Tony’s.
Steve wasn't a big fan of the partying scene. He never saw much of a point in getting wasted on alcohol. But Bucky loved it, and it was something they could do that didn't involve moping around at home. Steve followed Bucky into the club just after nine thirty, his eyes doing a quick threat assessment sweep through the place.
“Natasha?” His voice was soft, barely discernable in the musty air. Ten minutes ago, she had sent him a message to talk in private, and this had to be the right room. Apparently the only one without any cameras and microphones, though he made sure to double-check that right away.
Even someone as bullheaded as Steve would cave in at some point, right?
. I can’t have you going to jail, so you gotta leave.”
Tony bit his lower lip as he stared up at Steve. “You really have changed,” he observed, and after another long beat, he nodded.
“Very funny.”
One of his own hands ran up Tony's back, safely over his shirt, and cupped the back of his neck when it reached high enough. "That's… unexpected." Steve was careful not to give any negative feedback here. It was, after all, good to have a few healthy kinks.
“Well, and to punch those people,” Tony continued just as Steve threw his shield at the guy. Then, he held him up by his uniform. By the look on his face, Steve would be all too happy to throttle the poor bastard, but eventually, he just pulled him down to whisper in his ear, “Now would be a good time for you to run.” He let him go with a shove.
beneath all those new insecurities, he reached forward, and boldly cupped Steve’s cock through his pants. “Any objections?”
That had him chuckle, as his fingers drifted along Tony’s back. “And after?” he asked, and for the first time, the question didn’t make his insides clench uncomfortably.
The next thing he knew, his hands had already grabbed Steve’s shoulders and he pressed him against the nearest wall. His lips were mauling Steve’s in hot, hungry kisses.
“Come on,” he whispered, struggling to get some movement going as he wiggled on top of Steve. “
“Did you do it? Replicate it…?”
“Don’t worry,” Steve told Tony, still grinning broadly. “I’m willing to take the fall for your shortcomings.”
“Dangerous. I know.” A long sigh tore across Tony’s shoulders. “I
“Are you sure I have to get undressed for this?” the man in question called.
Steve nodded—and Tony knew then, as they wrapped themselves around each other, that there would never be enough of this. Not in four, ten, or twenty years. After all, with Steve at his side, he had seen glimpses of what they could be together. Lovers, partners, the dearest of friends. Equals. And Tony wanted it
?” Tony echoed, and his voice held a mixture of horror and scorn. “Beating the wall
Tony snapped back to the conversation in time to hear Pepper say, “That’s how
Next to Steve, Tony touched back down on the ground, his gaze now on Bucky.
“Last time I checked, you had eight contacts in your phone, and three of them are taxi companies.”
“And to keep trying is the way I am.”
Rhodey looked up, a smile on his face. “That would be nice.”
Tony groaned and rubbed his eyes. That wasn’t something Steve could just assume. “You’re talking to Natasha, aren’t you.” It wasn’t a question. He knew the two had never really been on the outs.
This definitely wasn’t the world he’d grown up in.
Instead, Tony stared out of the Quinjet’s window. It was going to rain and the sun had just disappeared below the horizon. Sokovia loomed in the distance and it appeared both dark and quiet from this height; but Tony knew that the latter was just an illusion.
The last days had gone by so slowly Steve swore he could feel each damned minute melting into the next. He never really left medical, mostly sleeping in one of the spare beds in the empty examination rooms. With Tony spending hours upon hours in Bucky’s room, there wasn’t really a reason to go back up into the penthouse. So he just sat there, staring at the blackened out glass front, watching Tony and Bruce filter in and out of the room, and each tick of the clock felt like the twist of a knife. One more minute, he thought. One more minute until Bucky would wake up.
saved me. I don’t regret a single night.”
The goddamn punk always did.
An inarticulate snort. “You really can’t know that.”
Tony paused and raised a brow.
She chuckled. “Glad to hear that, Mister Stark.”
“I’m glad you’re with me,” Steve said. He hoped Tony was too cold and sleepy to mock him, and the thought was confirmed when Tony nodded and let Steve tuck him further against his chest.
“Be my guest,” Tony said and waved with his tumbler-hand before tossing the last sip down his throat. Then, he pushed the remote control in Barnes’ general direction. “Go ahead while I drink myself to death.”
to be.
“Does it matter?”
“Fine. But he’s punishing him in order to create a precedent, that’s not making it any more justified.”
“There’s something we need to talk about.” With that, Tony sat up, and with a little prompting, Steve let him go, rolling on his back instead. Tony mourned the lost closeness immediately, but stood up nevertheless.
He’d died… Antonius had died. And the feeling of it would now forever be burned into Tony’s memories. The last thing he remembered were fingers brushing over his forehead and then he’d… vanished. He’d left.
“No, it didn’t,” he told Rhodey, his voice rough, and then… then he couldn’t keep himself from crumbling. He had kept it together until now, but this weight on his heart, it was slowly suffocating him.
Tony tried to meet his gaze, and when he did, he cast him a small smile. “As you can imagine, we get along better at some point.”
“How was your talk with Wanda?” Tony asked as he walked out of the bathroom. He was naked, save only for his boxer briefs. His eyes immediately snapped to the giant television hanging on the wall across from their bed. Ian was already fast asleep in his room, and the rest of the team had settled down as well.
Steve just stared at Bucky with a furrowed brow. Something in his piercing blue eyes told him that this pain wasn’t his own. Bucky always had a way of knowing all about Steve’s feelings well before he was able to decipher them. And the pain in his features right now—that was all Steve’s.
“We’re here to talk about the cause of death of Indries Stark. I wasn’t familiar with the events so far, but as I was informed by Agent Romanoff, the previous cause of death was thought to be drowning at sea.” Fury looked down at a stack of papers. He leaned back, then eyed them critically. “I know Mister Stark identified another woman as his wife, but I think we can all agree that traumatic events, such as losing a loved one, can mess with your judgment, right?”
“Bucky?” Steve breathed, his eyes impossibly large. “Why would you…”
“You want me,” Tony clarified, “as, you know… your boyfriend?”
“I had a moment,” Steve said, and the bastard even managed a small smile. “I walked it off.”
Tony’s eyes flared dangerously. “No, I’m done with your apologies. That’s not why I’m here.”
—never would be his.
Tony took a bite, chewing slowly. “Seeing someone wearing my armor would do the trick.”
“They have every right to ask the hard questions, though,” Tony said. “Lot of people died that day.”
“Good for you. I see even you didn’t manage to make him lose his gentlemanly manners.”
Tony nodded. “Later, sure.”
be able to overcome that. It would be nice to know that maybe something good can come out of all the bad.”
“Tony,” Pepper prompted softly and she followed him when Tony sat down on the lowest part of the stairway. He hung his head, burying his face in his hands, and Steve just couldn’t watch it any longer.
"Fine, whatever. But you're going out, anyway." It was final, it seemed. "Tonight's now officially date night. We'll go after dinner."
“Oh God, kill me now,” Barnes moaned.
Steve took a moment to assess his own situation. Now that Tony's calculating look was back, he felt a little more at ease engaging him in actual conversation. He hadn't gotten hit, though he did get a decent smack to the head when Tony tackled him out of harm's way.
Rhodes was the first to raise his glass, directing it at Tony. “To a better next year.”
Slowly, Tony turned around to look at him.
Bucky opened his mouth to say something—probably how if Steve never went on dates he also couldn’t have met someone, which was fair enough, but Natascha talked right over him.
“I… I want to,” Steve said, and it was the truth. No matter how nervous he was, he wanted to experience this with Tony. Now.
“You do?”
“No, it was me,” Steve said, shaking his head.
The relief that washed over Steve was tainted with guilt. What did it matter, really, if they'd actually had sex or not? The only reason it mattered was that at least Steve didn't forget something as important as that. Morally speaking, the lines had been crossed long before he'd even brought Tony into his home. Legally speaking, he would already be in trouble if Tony chose to expose what had been going on between them.
The silence between them would strangle a lesser man.
Strucker didn’t even flinch. “Suit yourself. We’ll just beat you until you see reason.”
Well. All things considered, Tony
A smile appeared on Tony’s face. “It was you, you know? Who made me want to try again. I’d almost given up on the reactor. I thought it was a naïve dream… but then there was you and I just… you made me want to do better.”
Tony released a little manic chuckle at Steve’s comeback and shook his head. “No, I’m good—not hurt,” he supplied while opening his eyes and yes, it was still completely fucking dark. He could’ve sworn that he saw Steve’s eyes flickering over his body thoughtfully, but that might’ve just been wishful thinking. He couldn’t see a damned thing.
Natasha hummed. “No. But I could ask Stark to search for them,” she offered. “As you might know, he’s good with finding people. He’s a technological genius, and I bet he’d find that dream-person for you in a heartbeat, no matter how little you know about them.”
A smile tugged on his lips at the thought.
A man he might have fallen in love with.
, had once been near Bucky like this, that was… “So you’ve known. All this time since I woke up. Every time we talked about him, you knew.”
“I wanted to,” he confessed. “But I just… I couldn’t cry for him.”
Steve was scandalized. "Absolutely not." He squared his shoulders. "I don't do hookups."
Tony’s mouth traced the line of Steve’s throat, while one hand finally managed to wheedle under the pajama top, stroking all the way along Steve’s ridiculously toned back. On his way down, he settled his fingers on the waistband of his pants, dipping inside a little, caressing the curve of Steve’s ass before retreating again.
Natasha’s hands came up, stroking his hair, before framing Tony’s face and keeping him from retreating into himself again. “Yeah, and you can do that as
“Yeah,” he decided after a beat. “Yeah, okay. Move.”
Tony wasn’t paying much attention to Dr. Reif, MIT’s president—he didn’t even try pretending. Instead he just stared off into space, blocking whatever Obi had to say, as thoughts about this morning filtered through his mind. He tried not to think about Steve, tried to think about
Before he’d left, he’d lit two candles, and there was enough light in the room for Steve to see the marks and dried blood on Bucky’s face where he’d hit him earlier.
“I’m young and very impressionable. You can’t remind me of that and expect me to keep my hands to myself.” His hand that had been innocently settled on Steve’s abdomen slid down a little before he remembered himself and dug his fingers into the pajamas’ cloth instead. Shit, he was hard, and firmly pressed against Steve’s thigh.
“Last chance to cop out,” Tony murmured.
What if he never got back? What if the lost those four years as well?
there is…”
“We've been trying to figure that out for years,” Clint said, his tone teasing.
That probably made a lot of sense to people like Strange, Tony thought a bit hysterically. He brought the necklace over his head. The green light of the Time Gem flickered, and at once, there was a voice in his head.
“Steeeve…” he called, and yeah, he was definitely completely wasted. Wonderful. So much for having an honest conversation.
“Sweet dreams,” he murmured sleepily.
Steve nodded, drawing him nearer, rousing a pitiful whine out of Tony. He chuckled, brushed his nose against Tony’s. “You alright?”
Steve had no idea how much longer they could live like this. The only thing he could do was hope the others would find them soon.
“And if we come to a decision you don’t like?” Phil asked.
Tony smirked. “What I’m saying is: You’re good to go,
“I know,” Steve replied. And he did.
Bruce hung up the phone and walked into the room. “I was just calling you.”
“Good.” Tony followed his gaze up past the space of the window. “Did he acknowledge you?”
“—Oh yes,” Pepper interrupted, laughing softly. “That’s something Steve sure isn’t used to.”
—anymore.” His voice almost broke on the last word. “Now leave me alone, Steve.”
During the day, he mostly occupied himself in his room, emerging only to eat. But today, it was too beautiful outside to confine himself indoors. Days like this were made for spending at the cliff with his sketchpad. So that was exactly what he did.
If the room hadn't been reinforced, they both would've likely died. All because Steve hadn't let him go in by himself. Alone, Tony had calculated a solid seventy percent chance that he could sweep in real quick, scan the whole basement, catch any person who was left behind, and fly out again before the building would’ve given way.
Barnes turned to him and opened his mouth to speak, but closed it again and simply nodded.
The thought gnawed on him—he hadn’t liked it that Tony’d been distracted all the time, that Extremis’ evaluation often counted more than Steve’s opinion on a matter, but he’d never, not once, wished for Tony to lose all those possibilities Extremis gave him.
“I loved your wedding vows,” Steve said with a smile. “And we never needed the pillow talk, anyway.”
There was a beat of silence, and as soon as those words truly registered in Steve’s head, they made his heartbeat quicken. He couldn’t really—Tony couldn’t really be saying what Steve thought he was saying, could he? But then again… he’d come all the way here, probably ordering FRIDAY to track him down, not even changing clothes, as far as Steve could see.
ANYWAYS. I hope you enjoyed this story and this final chapter!!
“The letter puts the whole ordeal into a new light, Mister Rogers,” Fury said. “My hands are tied.”
Tony smiled against his mouth. Tenderly. Lovingly. “One step at a time, yeah?”
“No, you don’t get it: We
“The most elite death squad. More kills than anyone in HYDRA history. And that was before the serum.”
Tony stared at him for a long, lost moment. Then he nodded. They could probably still talk about this afterwards.
The room was completely dark. Tony’s head whipped around, his shoulders twisting so that he could see the room full-on. When he did, he froze. The HUD shifted to the windows, to the strip of the streetlights that sifted through the crack between the drapes. There was a man sitting on the chair at the end of the bedroom.
Steve sighed as he made his way towards the Commando Bridge. “I’m nearing the console. Tell JARVIS to get off my back, Tony, we talked about this.”
“It’s necessary,” Natasha supplied gently.
“And?” Thor asked.
“I eat plenty!” Tony said with a scoff.
“You have a girl?” Bucky blurted, suddenly overwhelmed with curiosity, and unable to help himself. “Why didn’t you tell me—
Tony had no answers.
“Vision sent me a message. Clint just left the tower… with Wanda and Pietro. They took a Quinjet. He tried to stop them, but they fought him off.”
“Yes,” Rhodey confirmed, but Steve knew he was agitated. “We could’ve watched it in Nashville, too, it’s just about two seconds shorter.”
“It won’t be long,” she said. She reached for his hand, squeezing it softly. “After this, the future’s just waiting for you.”
Steve nosed against Tony’s cheek, pushing against him ever so slightly, urging Tony to turn his head again so Steve could taste his lips.
The thought of leaving here in the morning, without at least trying to make Steve understand, had Tony’s insides twist and his heart ache. Returning to his regularly scheduled life held little appeal. Not after being so close to Steve.
“Stay,” Tony gasped. “
“You’re here,” Steve said, shaking his head. “That’s enough.”
Steve, however, merely glanced up and grinned, masterfully maneuvering the spatula over the eggs that were cooking in the frying pan. “It was either that or that Naked-Lady-apron Clint brought home last week,” Steve said.
“We do,” she agreed.
“Uh, hi,” Tony managed as he frowned at one-arm guy and redheaded-hottie who stood there in a long shirt and not much else. He shook his head at the scene, then walked past the kitchen isle, heading towards the exit.
None of the utilities were bought in Steve’s name. He’d used his mother’s maiden name, a trick he’d learned while being trained as an undercover spy, as far as Tony knew. Natasha always told all of them how important it was to have a safe place, a place no one knew they had; a bolthole in case something went majorly wrong.
“Hey,” he replied, reaching for the wrist that held the washcloth to his brow and rubbed circles into his skin there. “What happened?”
“You can’t just blow it up,” Dr. Cho went on, her voice all bravery. “You have to get the cradle to Tony.”
He was making some kind of water wheel, Steve realized. He must’ve looked really stunned, because after a beat, Tony set out to explain, “The river’s effectively the only constant power source we got. At some point we could also use the thunder, but it’d take a while for me to figure out a way to store that energy out here. A water wheel could potentially give us electricity some day, or at the very least help us create and store more food and maybe reuse some of the tower’s metal.”
James. Only one person had ever called him by his birth name. And with that, he suddenly remembered the face that had been missing all along.
Because if Tony was perfectly honest with himself… it wasn’t envy he was feeling.
Steve squared his shoulders and nodded.
He had a feeling, though, that no one would believe him. They’d barely talked before, had barely managed at look at one another, and for the others, it had only been three days.
And now, here he was. There were moans tearing through Tony’s lips and it did things to Steve’s mind, knowing that
“Not your fault. And you didn’t fail me,” Tony said, his fingers trailing over Steve’s temples. He really wished he would be looking at him. Small tremors were seizing his body, and he had a feeling it would take a long while to get used to having two whole lives stuffed into his head.
* * *
“I just came here to give this back. I don’t want it around anymore.”
“I… I haven’t always been like this,” Steve admitted, and it had Tony’s eyes lock on him with intent.
“I know.” He cupped Tony’s cheek, angling his head so he could kiss him. “You ready for me?” he asked.
“Thanks.”
For minutes, they stayed quiet, and the only movement was the steady and rhythmic heaving of their chests, and the small brushes of Tony’s thumb on Steve’s arm.
“I was trying to fight him on his own planet,” he told Steve instead. “I failed.”
Tony huffed. “Can imagine.” He traced the curve of Steve’s hand with his forefinger.
to be enough, and yet he wanted— "Want you in me,
less important than me. So I’m asking again: What’s wrong?”
Then again, Tony wasn’t even sure if he still was. Off the market.
Now, Steve’s uniform and a few weapons and even a new kind of shield were lying on the floor, strewn around mindlessly, like he couldn’t have torn them off of him fast enough.
All the air escaped Steve’s lungs and he felt himself wavering, leaning back against the sofa in an attempt to ground himself, but soon enough the room disappeared, as well as Tony's face beside him.
He opened a video at the monitor. There were scenes from the Chitauri invasion running over the screen. Rubble from buildings falling on the ground, burying people beneath.
"See if you can get FRIDAY to contact our guys outside? They saw us going in so I'm not worried about them not trying to get us out, but we should at least let them know we survived." He wasn't too optimistic, though, since he remembered something about the building being radiation-resistant, but he figured it wouldn't hurt to try.
Wanda Maximoff stepped up next to Steve. Her eyes were calculating and pensive as she looked upwards. She raised her hands in front of her, the red starting to wave around Ultron’s head.
“He’s still Tony,” Bruce said with that calming voice of his. “The same old Tony. I know it’s not enough right now, but you’ll see. He’s… still the same.”
“I didn’t tell you my name,” Tony said, and Steve had to look back at him in irritation.
Without preamble, Steve felt something hard crash in his chest. “You’re taking him into custody?” he snapped at Fury. “
* * *
, so he’d better make himself at home here, for now.
Tremors seized both of their bodies, blinding ecstasy ripping through every fiber. He didn’t even know who came first or how long it took, Steve couldn’t see—he could barely breathe if he wasn’t chanting Tony’s name, soaking their cocks with his release.
Steve chuckled with amusement clearly written all over his face. “I can do that,” he said, grinning, as he ran his tongue along the underside of Tony’s cock. His eyes wandered up his torso until they met Tony’s. Steve was always so fucking pretty when he sucked cock. And the bastard knew it.
“I’d rather…” he said, humming in thought. When the girl caught him looking, a suggestive smile appeared on her face.
When Vision walked into the examination room, he noticed how Steve’s eyes immediately dropped to Tony’s face, doubtlessly checking for a sign of his awakening. Only when he realized that Tony was still unconscious, did he turn to Vision. Behind them, the doctor quietly left the room, the door clicking close.
“Good,” he murmured, feeling the exhaustion spreading through every cell of his body. “Wanna keep you.”
Tony took a long, hard look at him, then. He looked mostly like he’d looked when he’d vanished right in front of him, only a few hours ago. And yet, he looked different, too. His hair—the uniform—the expression on his face when regarding Tony.
“Tony,” Natasha said evenly.
“I should be able to locate your past self within a few days,” Strange said. “Bringing you both to your respective sides, however… I’m not sure yet. Am I around in your time? It’d be easier if I could contact myself for help.”
“His recent associates have proven a liability to SHIELD.” Fury turned away as though ashamed. “And as you might have guessed, SHIELD has a traditional way of dealing with its various obstacles, including arbitrary personnel. And since I have taken action against our policies…” He trailed off, frowning at his own words.
Pushing himself up onto his knees, Steve stared at the room around him. No, he
At this question, an aggrieved look appeared in Tony’s lovely brown eyes. “I haven’t decided yet.”
have known the risks. Not Ultron going rogue, of course, but Tony was a genius at heart. He must have been reciting the risks to himself since the second he’d taken the scepter into his hand. He must have known it could come down to this.
Because… Bucky was right. He’d started to fall for Tony long before this. Somewhere along the way, something had been happening between them. Tony had infuriated him, sure. He’d hurt him, made him want to scream at him more often than not… and yet, he’d also done so many wonderful things.
And it wasn’t that Tony didn’t
“You feel so good,” Steve said. Tony nibbled a kiss off his lips, coaxing him to lean down until they were pressed against each other fully. There was no way Tony wasn’t splitting himself in half like this, with his ankles almost crossed over Steve’s shoulder blades, but Steve couldn’t bring himself to stop.
, was as much Tony’s absolution as it was Steve’s.
“Thank you,” Steve murmured after a while.
, not me..."
Tony jerked slightly and nodded. “I know. You still have to leave.”
He clasped a hand on Vision’s shoulder, before he turned back to his work. He heard Vision standing up, walking towards the door, and released a low breath.
“I’m eager to meet them as well,” Steve lied, and was glad when the lie brought an earnest smile to Tony’s lips.
“Morning,” Steve replied, fisting his t-shirt and pulling Tony’s mouth back to his. His touch wasn’t nearly as domestic as the night before; his tongue tackled Tony’s, tasting him to the fullest. God, how was Tony supposed to just let this go? How could he possibly just say goodbye to Steve? How could anyone expect him to move on from this?
Tony closed his eyes briefly, then looked down on the night stand next to his bed.
Barnes flinched a little, but his limbs that had previously shaken with the stress, now merely trembled with fatigue.
God, Tony had it bad.
Steve rolled his eyes, even while he jumped high into the air to dodge a missile shooting towards him from behind. On the next beat, he raised his shield, hurling it through the air once again and knocking five HYDRA agents to the floor. “And my weak spots are ‘not being very impressive’?”
Tony took a deep, unnecessary breath. He’d really kill for a drink. Knowing there was no way to win was cruel. The only way to get to Steve was to fight him. “Alright.”
Steve snorted. “Glad you agree.”
“You’re the one who tried arguing me out of this,” Steve replied. “I was ready to kiss you when you said ‘hello’.”
He pressed his face into Steve’s shoulder, breathing him in. No, he wasn’t made for flings anymore, at least, not when it came to Steve. And he wouldn’t walk away unscathed. His thoughts were still too jumbled, too confused, too out there to be given a label, but he knew, deep down in his gut, that he wanted this.
“I’d rather not,” Tony said, more firmly now, not offering much more in terms of explanation.
felt all the more appealing. Steve took a deep breath, reining himself in, before he could move and embarrass himself by trying to touch Tony.
? You take away my world… I take away
and they were casually talking, so maybe he’d lost track of how exactly his words came across.
Steve’s hands began to wander, slowly, acquainting themselves with Tony’s face and stroking his thumbs along his cheekbones. Tony made a satisfied noise in the back of his throat that complemented the soft sighs coming out of Steve’s mouth.
He didn’t remember much of what followed after that. Consciousness was an on and off sensation, but he realized that everyone—even Thor, Bruce and Clint—were in the van with them. They weren’t moving, as far as he could tell. Distantly, he heard Steve yelling at someone about how their priority was getting Tony out of here, not to take hostages. Belatedly, he watched his team fighting off the remaining HYDRA agents, when at once, they all broke off the attack, their attention drawn elsewhere. Acting quickly, lest their attention shift again, Bruce grabbed Tony under his shoulders and pulled him fully onto the backseat.
Steve opened his eyes, and stared up into Tony’s widened browns. They broke apart from their kiss, looking at one another in dazed wonder.
Of course, Tony assumed the chances that Steve would break up with him were pretty slim as long as he was still unconscious.
The only moments when he felt like he was still the man he’d been before the Sokovia Accords, were whenever Tony called. It wasn’t every day, but close to it, and Steve lived for those hours when he could watch Tony and Ian via the video feeds, have Ian giggle at him, and blabber those few new words he’d learned recently.
That… that wasn’t possible.
…” he said, and yup, he was almost yelling at Barnes now, however the fuck that had happened. “Steve was willing to
“California,” Tony told him with a small smile and squeezed his hand again. “That’s where I live. Born and raised in New York.”
The scientist was
Over two years in, and it still felt surreal to him. Not always, but… sometimes. Like all of this was only one of those desperate fantasies of finding a place to call home that he used to conjure up when he’d just been defrozen, and lonely. He knew that it wasn’t one, of course. Enough time had passed that he could trust this was real. Maybe it was the fact that it sometimes felt like sheer luck that he’d made it here. Every morning waking up in their shared bed, Tony’s warm body curled around his, tangled limbs and soft hair, one hand lying splayed across the expanse of Tony’s back, listening to the sound of his breathing, the steady rhythm of his heartbeat…
* * *
“Did I interrupt something?” Vision asked, his tone curious as he watched the elevator’s doors close again. He walked around the barstool, looking at it for a long moment, before he sat down. He didn’t seem to find his balance right away, and Steve could practically hear the gears in his red head turning, before he put his feet on the footrest and started to swivel around a bit.
to sound open about it, not dismiss the idea as soon as it came up, but Tony wouldn’t do anything if Steve wasn’t one-hundred percent on board with it.
After she’d shoved him off again, Bucky tumbled back on the bed, landing on his back, and Natasha had the audacity to smirk at him with rightful arrogance.
Tony’s eyebrows went up in alarm. “A
All of them turned around abruptly and saw him. Tony’s eyes widened as he took him in. “Steve?” he asked, his voice a bit shrill.
“If we will be horribly murdered in a few seconds, I’m gonna blame this on you,” Tony muttered, as Natasha took Tony’s hand and dragged him towards the entry.
Tony sighed, gripping the Audi’s steering wheel a bit tighter. It was late at night, and so far outside of New York, the landscape was almost pitch black. The New Avengers Facility was situated in one of the larger forests and there were no lights whatsoever on the driveway.
“I’m not playing your games.”
ready, by every rule of the book, and Tony wasn’t sure how much longer he could wait.
* * 6/23/22, 2:46 PM * *
“In the end it was me,” he said quietly. “We broke apart because of me.” His voice cracked under the truth of what he was about to say. “I tried to kill your friend. Barnes. Almost succeeded with it. I was angry, and I didn’t think it through. That’s why you left.”
However, only seconds passed, before something in Tony’s expression shifted. The distance in his eyes faded, and a small smile appeared on his lips. “So the dreams were really true,” he mused, more to himself than anything. He huffed. “What about that.”
Steve shook his head, then dropped it forward against Tony’s chest. He felt his own dog tags rest safely against Tony’s chest where they belonged, where he could see the outlines through his white shirt. He pressed a soft kiss against the dog tags, sighing when Tony’s arms wrapped around his body.
“I could’ve done without that information,” a foreign voice said, effectively making Tony bolt out of Steve’s grasp and off the bed as if spurred by a sudden jolt of electricity. With a single thought, his body was fully encased in the Iron Man armor, faceplate shutting down in front of him, repulsors at the ready.
Tony frowned, then followed his line of sight. “Oh, right. Well… off you go,” he said, racing across the sky. He shifted his hold on Steve, flying a small loop until he had Steve beneath him.
