“Good. Just waiting for my next job to start.”  Dean craned his neck to see if any cars were coming down the street.  “Guy's late.”
Castiel reached for a truffle and used his fingernail to break it in half.  “Gabriel doesn't really like to settle anywhere too long, but he made a home with Kali in the suburbs.  I thought I had mentioned it.”  The inside was a thick caramel-colored cream that smelled like brandy.  He placed it back inside the box and grabbed another.
Dean really hoped he could do this right. He grabbed the lube from his bag and generously applied it to his fingers. His fingers shook a little as he lifted them to Castiel’s hole and Dean had to remind himself that there was nothing to be nervous about. This wasn’t a test he could fail.
It came together quickly in the late hours Thursday night and Castiel was able to send off his newsletter to Dean in the morning.
Feeling Dean come up behind him, Cas padded off to the bathroom and he silently hoped Dean wouldn't join him.  Castiel didn't even want to be around himself right now, he couldn't fathom why Dean hadn't just dropped him off and ran.
Dean tucked his phone into his pocket and gave Gabriel his own.  “Was gonna ask if Michael might come for Cas's birthday.  He'd probably be around in time to see the baby too.”
Dean's legs straddled Castiel as he stood.  His hands lingered on his thighs while he waited for Castiel's hands to make their slow journey up his arms and to the nape of his neck.  He thrilled as Castiel pulled him forward.
Castiel combed through the verbiage and eliminated all talk of sexual acts.  Castiel resigned himself to amending the contract if there was such a time where a sexual relationship developed.  He also added a provision for “downtime,” a meeting they would conduct together twice per week where Dean could review the relationship and express his opinion without the fear of retaliation or penalty.  It would be a time of discovery for both of them where they could discuss areas of their relationship that needed improvement.  Castiel understood that downtime could be invaluable in even the most experienced D/s relationship.  The contract was viable for one month, during which time they would agree to the terms of their trial/training period.  Castiel poured over the document for hours until he was satisfied that Dean would approve.
“Morning.”  Castiel shuffled into the bathroom only half-awake.  He looked freshly fucked for a walk of shame.  Dean blinked to keep from staring and slipped out of the bathroom.
“Go on without me,” Dean gasped as his foot caught in a tangle of roots.  He sounded all the more dramatic for being winded.  Excited by the atmosphere, Dean had pushed himself hard from the beginning, instead of keeping the pace of his practice runs.
Trying to account for all avenues the night may take them, Dean turned down the sheets in case Castiel chose to go straight to bed and ordered a pizza in case Castiel decided to stay up.  He stopped in the doorway on his way out and took one last look at the room.  Castiel was so good at knowing just what Dean needed, surely there was some hint in this austere set up that could help Dean find a way to get through to him.
He peeled his hand from Dean's face, leaving a sticky print around his ear.  Dean wrinkled his nose as the residue prickled his skin.  He didn't have time to think much of it as Castiel was holding out his palm again.
Chasing Castiel down the hall, Meg noticed him making dreamy eyes at Dean.  “Looks like you did damn well for yourself there, Clarence.”  Meg laughed as she nudged Castiel into the lobby.  “Go get him, hot stuff.”
Castiel entered the new contact information to his phone before logging out and locking up.  With the security alarm set, Castiel brought his phone is to his ear and called Dean.
When the doorbell rang, Castiel nearly jumped out of his skin.  He hadn’t eaten anything.  He should have eaten something.  They’d be out for hours, possibly drinking.  He really hadn’t thought this through.
“No.”  Castiel laid back and watched as Dean laid the dirty socks on the armrest.  His hands moved up Castiel's legs and settled at his waist.  Watching Castiel's face, Dean unbuckled his belt and released the button of his fly.  He felt Cas still and Dean smiled reassuringly, “Just helping you undress, OK?  So we can shower before bed.”
It was more difficult to maneuver Castiel’s dick into his mouth without the aid of his hands, but Dean managed to take the tip between his lips after some minor fumbling. He was more careful as he bobbed his head up and down, not allowing Castiel’s cock to escape.
Since Dean shared his family journal, Castiel noticed a sharp increase in his activity.  Books floated from the shelves more often, settled on the table and pages turned as if of their own accord.  Castiel was grateful he never had any houseguests, because the spirit worked around the clock.  Dean threw himself into some kind of research frenzy.
The truth was, as far as Dean understood, no safe-words are made or used on stage.  It's never supposed to get that serious.  But the newer Domme, Abby, was just cruel.  Dean always hated to play the worm and she knew it, so she set out to make him that much more miserable.  That's the impression Dean got from all of the Dominant exhibitionists, especially the women.  The mission of the Dom/Domme at Alistair's, was to break the submissive.  And the submissive's job was to like it, or pretend to.
Castiel sat back, “Up here.”  He helped Dean onto his feet and pulled gently until Dean was straddling his lap.  “Dean,” he held onto the man’s hips and waited for Dean to look at him.  “I have cared for you since before I met you.  Now that I’m getting to know you, those feelings I have for you have only increased.  Nothing about tonight or this week has changed that.  I wish to continue caring for you as my partner and my friend.  Be my boyfriend?”
Dean looked between them, confused. “Ask me what?”  His attention had been on Castiel but he didn't think he'd missed anything important.
Dean jerked his head and turned, beckoning him to follow as he moved to the kitchen.  Dean heard Castiel close the door behind them and requested he turn the bolt.  Castiel immediately noticed the kitchen's transformation.  It hadn't looked dirty before, but tonight everything shone.  The scent of lemon still hung in the air.  “Impressive.”
Castiel grabbed at Dean and leaned into the kisses with a hunger he hadn't felt in weeks.  “I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.”  His apologies accessorized his lips and Dean believed him.  When Castiel lead them to the couch, Dean sank to his knees.
“Hey, life is only 10% circumstance; the other 90% is how you choose to respond,”  Michael said defensively.  “If he's all pissy because I pretended you never told me about your twinkle-bear or whatever you call it, that's on him.”
“Yes.”  Castiel said, surprised by the word on his lips.  He turned toward Dean with a small smile, but Dean didn’t smile back.  Castiel found himself tugging harder at the wrap, drawing it in until it pinched his ribs.  “Dean?”
Castiel continued to run his hands over Dean’s shoulders and back.  He did enjoy watching Dean rut against the couch like he was discovering his first erection.  The sounds he made, the lines of his body, the flush of his skin, all of it was beautiful.  All of it was for Castiel.  He danced his fingers over the mound of Dean's ass,  “I can stop if you like.”
“No,” Dean said quickly, turning away from his co-worker.  This face to face crap wasn’t for him.  “Everything’s fine.”
Castiel found the rope coiled with precision in Dean’s bag.  He brought it to his face and inhaled the scent of sweat and sex in the fibers.  The rope was long enough to wrap around his midsection a few times, but it wasn’t the same.  A pathetic imitation of the intricate pattern Dean had created.  Castiel frowned at his clumsy attempt and didn’t even bother tying it off.
Dean turned at the touch, his hands going immediately to his ears.  “Cas!  Jesus, buddy.  Don’t sneak up on a guy like that?”
Dean could see he was moments from hyperventilation.  Cas gasped and sighed.  He looked so fearful and small as he begged Dean, “Help me.”
Castiel nodded in response and turned his attention back to his basket of fries.  He forced himself not to watch as Dean left.  If he had allowed himself a glance, he would have seen Dean linger in the doorway for another look back at Castiel.
Seeing the tightness in Castiel's back, Dean stepped up behind him and smoothed his hands across his shoulders.  His touch was rough and Dean told himself that the pressure was good to ease Cas's tension.
.  Castiel wasn't really the begging type, but what an ego boost that would be to see him transform into squirming mess of unmet desire.
Castiel glanced at the wall clock, “I suppose it is.”  His eyes lingered on the time as he wondered where the day went.  He turned back to Dean slack-jawed in awe and newfound appreciation for his friend.
Dean licked his hand again, slowly and deliberately.  He watched Castiel's face as his tongue lapped at the man's palm and then trailed over his index finger without interruption.
The sound of his name spoken so softly from Dean's lips sparked his arousal, which settled heavily along his thigh.  It felt like all his blood abandoned his brain, leaving him lightheaded and dizzy.  Castiel didn't say anything for what felt like a long time and his silence started to make Dean uncomfortable.   Dean let go of the jacket, misreading Castiel's silence for disapproval.  His stomach twisted with confusion and anxiety.
He was never one for cleaning either, but here he was tidying the living room.  No, not at the bequest of his darling, exhausted wife, but because Dean Winchester said so.  What was the world coming to?
He washed quickly, not wanting to hog the bathroom for too long.  After drying off and getting dressed, Dean figured he had time for a smooth shave.  He had just replaced the razor and foam in the medicine cabinet when there came a light knock on the bathroom door.  “Just a sec,”  Dean ran a towel over his chin and unlocked the handle.  Pulling the door open, Dean found himself breathless at the sight of Castiel with bed head.
“Right, yeah. Well, if you do end up sticking around you'll have to subject yourself to them anyway.”  He handed Dean his phone.  “What did you have in mind?”
“Of course, Dean.”  Castiel held the ice to his knee and stroked his shin over the pants.  “I can e-mail the document to you as an attachment if you'd like.”
His binding covered Cas from his underarms to his waist, one loop against the next.  Dean tested the rope as he went, making sure the tension and pressure were just right.  With simple knots, Dean secured the ends.  He tugged at his work once more.
Dean couldn't agree more.  Sam explained 5-K is just over three miles and Dean was confident he could make it happen.  Eventually.
Dean noticed the attention Castiel paid to his mouth and licked his lips in anticipation.  A small chuckle escaped Castiel's throat and he shook his head.
consider this a date, Castiel wanted to make the best impression he could.  Castiel’s heart fluttered in his chest at the consideration that Dean may truly want to date him.  During their first conversation at Bar A, Castiel understood that Dean would probably be open to the idea of Castiel teaching him more about the D/s relationship.  But Castiel hadn’t truly allowed himself to entertain the hope that Dean would want to be in a relationship with him.  Castiel paused a moment, acknowledging the way Dean has burrowed into his life and altered his routine so easily.  Of course, Friday nights at Alistair's were focused on watching his sub.  Actually dating the man?  Yes, that was worth a change in routine.
Castiel saw Dean’s lopsided grin through the corner of his eye.  It was confident and sure, and very close.  Dean’s calm eased Castiel’s worry.  They remained cheek to cheek as they planned out Sunday’s date and the date after that.
Despite Castiel's eerie composure, Dean found it hard to keep from feeling claustrophobic.  The warehouse was packed with people scurrying about and stopping abruptly.  He had been nearly run over twice and stayed on high alert for an avalanche.  The palettes of stock were piled to the ceiling in most aisles, threatening to topple over.  It all created a labyrinth that Dean was sure they would get lost in.
Before heading to the garage, Dean dropped off a bagged lunch for Cas – grilled cheese, cole slaw, and a pickle from Ambrosia.  There was also a pair of dark chocolate truffles, courtesy of something Gabriel called the “FKC”.
Dean lowered his face to Castiel’s pelvis and nipped at the knot there. He dragged his tongue to the knot below that, the one fastened against the base of Castiel’s cock, and nibbled at that knot as well. The coarse hairs tickled his nose and Dean breathed in Cas’s scent before taking his flaccid length into his mouth. If Dean had known that Castiel’s smell alone could get him instantly and uncomfortably hard, he might have saved that for later.
Dean could hear the pained uncertainty in his voice, no longer the cocksure ass now that Cas had cut him off. He felt bad for the guy, but Castiel deserved his space and Michael could stand a little squirming. “We can talk later.” Dean secretly hoped the baby would be born around 4AM Israel time so he could wake Michael in the middle of a deep sleep.
Castiel's sleepy response had been unexpected and Dean smiled down at him in surprise.  It took a moment for Dean to realize that Castiel couldn't see his expression, but then he pressed his lips to the top of his head.  “Good morning, angel,” Dean put voice to his thought.
Castiel hovered over Dean as he braced himself against the wall.  He admired the way Dean handled his spanking and counted down from ten to alert Dean that the punishment was coming to an end.  A throaty moan rolled from Dean's lips as Castiel's hand connected with his ass one last time.  Castiel felt Dean lurch forward, his legs finally giving out beneath him.  With urgency, Castiel scooped his arms around Dean's chest and caught him before he could fall.  He walked them the few steps to the couch.
“Is he OK?”  The taller man peered easily over Castiel’s shoulder to survey the one on the ground.  “Shit, man, what happened?”  He moved to come closer and looked surprised to feel Castiel’s hands against his chest, pushing him back.  “Dude, what the Hell?  Who the heck do you think you are?”
“You are insufferable.”  Dean heard him saying into a pot.  “If Dean...  I will most certainly not,”  He noticed the cellphone later, tucked between Castiel's cheek and shoulder.  There was a long pause before Castiel hung up the phone without so much as a good-bye.
Dean's hand moved over his dick with a squeeze and a pull.  He groaned, dropping his chin to his chest and set his wrist to a gentle pace.  Dean found it hard to meet Castiel's gaze as he pumped his fist around his shaft.  There was no precedent for what was happening.  At any time Dean felt he could be told to stop – and he knew he would.  The thought of the control he would give to his Dom made his hips stutter.
He reached out to him, with his hand that had once been flame, and felt for the spirit’s energy.  He expected something like the shock of touching a live wire, so infuriated his friend had been.  What he felt instead was a pleasant surprise; Dean’s spirit had returned to its former chill.  Dean no longer gave off waves of anger and disappointment, which Castiel took to be a blessing.
As Gabriel passed furniture and baby essentials down to his brother, Castiel accepted the items greedily. He scurried back and forth from the hallway to the nursery, making piles of items that seemed to belong together. There were a few unmarked boxes that Castiel wasn’t sure where to place, so he left them off to the side. By the time the attic was cleared and the nursery was nearly full, the three of them were yawning and rubbing their eyes.
With a smirk, Dean winked.  “I'm gonna find one you like, and it's gonna stick.”  Dean made coming up with a term of endearment sound like a threat.
Dean helped Cas through a few minutes of breathing exercises until he was ready to face his coworkers again.
He gave soft pressure to the pucker of Castiel’s ass and listened to his Dom groan for it. Cas wasn’t begging, not yet, but Dean could barely keep his hands off his own dick at the sound.
“You’re in control, Castiel.” Dean hoped it would be easier for Castiel like this. Baby steps until he felt comfortable enough to let Dean take over for a while. “Tell me what to do.”
Carefully, Dean lowered Castiel back onto the pillows and smiled against his lips. “Feel how I’ve got you safe. Feel how I hold you so tight and secure.” Dean pressed another kiss to his mouth before bringing his knees back to the empty space between Castiel’s legs. He allowed his cock to drag over Castiel’s skin as he moved down his body. The feel of it sent shivers up his legs until his knees were weak.
“Sam.  Bobby just handed me the phone.  Obviously, I'm at work.  My phone is in my locker.”  He snapped at his brother.  Dean had spent the majority of his youth caring for and looking after Sam.  All of the sudden Sam thinks it's his job to play brother's-keeper?  Not happening.
Castiel held him closer and listened quietly as Dean talked about his favorite types of restraints.  Instead of categorizing Dean's preferences and trying to read between the lines as he spoke, Castiel allowed himself to relax into their easy conversation.  They traded questions and experiences back and forth until their eyes grew heavy and they drifted off to sleep.
“I enjoy a full spectrum of movie genres, Dean.”  Cas considered the question, furrowing his brow as if deep in thought.  He took his time to respond with honesty.  “Superhero action films are pleasurable, but I also find suspense and thrillers to be quite appealing.”  He made no move toward the door; instead he turned to face Dean more fully.
Castiel knew Dean was right.  Tomorrow was still a work day for him and he would have to run home and change before work.  It wasn't impossible, but it would be a hassle.  “Perhaps you would like to take a walk with me?  I can pick up a change of clothes and then we can stop at Gabriel's for dessert.”
“I've read about that.”  Dean pushed himself away from his plate and disappeared behind the counter.  Castiel watched with a blank expression as Dean reemerged around the corner slowly, crawling on his hands and knees.  Each movement a long stretch of limbs as he made his way to Castiel's feet.   “I think I could enjoy being your pet.”
Did it matter?  Should this change the way Dean leaned into the guy’s shoulder?  Must he give voice to the muddled apology rising in his chest?  His mind betrayed him as it refused to make sense of the situation, instead thundering on with blinding pain.
“Dean.”  Castiel's voice was worn, his breathing haggard.  He repeated the name again, demanding the pet play end and his submissive, his boyfriend, return.
Before Castiel could deny him touch again, Dean patted his own shoulder to signal he was looking for more, “Whenever you're ready, Sir.”  Castiel's laughter carried through his fingertips as they went back to work on Dean's neck.
Finally, they made it to check out and escaped the madness of wholesale back-to-school shoppers.  Dean grumbled about spending nearly one-thousand dollars on one trip to a grocery store, but still fought with Castiel when he offered to pay for his share.
Castiel scanned the paperwork and sat back in his chair.  “For this to work, we will need to improve our communication.”
Dean felt sick.  He knew some of the club’s patrons had constructed elaborate fantasies about the performers.  Hell, he knew that Castiel had imagined Dean belonging to him long before they had met.  It was part of the appeal of the club.  But no one had ever made him as uncomfortable as Dean felt in this moment.
Benny had sympathy for him and gave the name of one guy who had altogether stopped coming around when Dean had quit.  He justified passing Dean a copy of the man's phone number saying that it wasn't really taking business away from the club anyway.  Dean smiled and almost turned down the number, at first assuming that the name would be Cas.  He knew that Castiel had not set foot in the bar or club since they started dating, but when he looked down it wasn't Castiel Novak written on the paper.  Dean shouldn't have been too surprised; Castiel had never asked for a private session, as far as Dean was aware.  No, the contact information he received was for someone else entirely.  Benny gave a physical description to go along with the name until Dean could picture Zachariah.  Dean hadn't realized he had made such an impression on this one that he would stop attending the club altogether.  Zachariah was a quiet client, pleased to watch whatever Dean wanted to do during their private meetings.  Mostly, Dean would dance for him or pose while the man watched.  It seemed like a good lead on some fast cash.
Bobby slapped a frozen bag of peas against Dean’s neck and shook him until he was conscious and blinking about the room as if waking from a dream.  “You take any drugs, son?”
Castiel saw Dean's expression change and attributed the shift to their present conversation, “There is no need to worry over it.  I can understand if that title bothers you.”
Dean cleared his throat and shook his head. “So what’s the theme, Cas?” When he swiped his hand over the top of the dresser, it came away with a bit of sawdust. They would need to wipe down the surfaces and vacuum the floor before showing the room to mother and daughter.
They looked about the room, at the placement of the closet and windows. Gabriel made a face and gave an exaggerated shrug. “Can’t even tell you how much it really doesn’t matter. Kals is just going to rearrange it again.”
Benny advised Dean to call Zachariah with a proposal – schedule, price, and limits.  Being a bit more contract savvy at this point, Dean felt fairly confident he could make something work in his favor.  He started negotiation with a rate of one-thousand dollars per two-hour session, guaranteed one session per week for a month.  He knew it was a reach, but if he started high it would seem like a compromise when he agreed to anything less.  At the end of negotiations Dean had secured three-hundred dollars per hour session, guaranteed four-hours for the first week as a houseboy.  Zachariah chose to make the arrangement on a week by week basis, instead of agreeing to the month.  Uniform and supplies would be provided by Zachariah.  And their schedule would vary based on Dean's hours at the garage; though Dean insisted there would not be any weekend sessions.  Zachariah informed Dean that he worked mostly from home and would enjoy his company during the daytime if his schedule allowed.  Dean considered the money he would make, over one-thousand dollars per week just for some light cleaning.  He doubted the man truly cared about his proficiency for housework and probably just wanted something attractive to look at while cooped up in the house all day.
But there was a hardness in Dean that prevented him from acting out, that didn't want Castiel to see him lose his shit.  Not like that.
“Dean.”  Castiel sat up straight, using Dean’s back to support him as he adjusted his weight.  He pressed down harder than was necessary in his frustration.  They had spent most of the afternoon reading together, Dean on the tablet and Castiel with the newspaper.  Castiel had bookmarked several webpages for Dean who had claimed to have read them before dinner.
“Come in, Dean.  Of course, come in.”  Gabriel slapped his future brother-in-law hard on the back as he welcomed him through the front door.  “Don’t mind the boobs,” he said off-handedly as they crossed through the living room.  “Kals doesn’t bother covering up.”
He'd never been so excited to run in his life.  Perhaps his participation wouldn't be spectator-only after all.
“You may.”  Castiel caressed the back of Dean’s neck as he made himself comfortable.  Dean folded his arms under his head and pressed his body more fully against Castiel’s thigh.
Submitting to Castiel was nothing like being on stage and the raw vulnerability of it struck Dean harder than any slap of a hand.  He wasn't getting paid for this.  He made this choice to kneel because he wanted it.  Every moment he willingly subjected himself to this confirmed his sick need to be controlled.  Dean knew of only one word for that.
Dean nodded his head, disappointed he was missing out on whatever had made Castiel so proud of himself.  “Yes, sir.  Did you make dinner?”
After the cream had been returned to his bag, Castiel asked, “Are you awake?”  He was fairly sure the answer was 'yes'.
“Didn't think I'd see you tonight.”  A kind, female voice came from behind the bar and though Castiel knew the greeting was directed at him, he only managed a grunt in response.  He heard a heavy plate slide in front of him and it was the smell of hot food that finally motivated him to sit up.
It was only a few meters to the bar, but it seemed too far to reach.  The island promised a cool drink and a stool for better vantage point.  He risked another glance around the dance floor, but it gave him no new information about Sam’s whereabouts.  That goofball better not have ducked off to bone some librarian looking undergrad with pink cat-eye glasses.  Again.
“I apologize if I’ve offended you in any way.  I’m afraid I am a bit out of practice.  If you have some way to answer, please try.  I don’t… I’m truly hoping that I have not imagined your company. I’d like to help you, if I may.  You have lent a hand with much on my behalf.”
Dean squeezed an arm under Castiel's thigh to relieve the strain on his shoulder and asked in reciprocation, “OK?”
Castiel's brow gathered in a deep scowl, his eyes still adjusting to the light.  As he laid eyes on the man before him, Castiel thought he had to be dreaming.  He squeezed his eyes closed and cleared his mind of its clouds, but when he opened them again Dean was still there, bouncing on the balls of his feet and dressed in the most ridiculous get up.
Cas worshipped Dean anyway.  He took Dean's hands from his hair and brought them to his lips, giving individual attention to each knuckle and fingertip.  Couldn't get enough of Dean's rough, weather-beaten skin, the calluses that advertised years of hard work and experience.
He saw only one set of plates and silverware as he walked around the peninsula to his chair. “Will you be joining me?”  Castiel nodded toward the cushion that had been propped against the stool.
There would be a music festival at the end of the month.  It wasn’t the typical dance music that his friends liked to listen to, so he felt discouraged even before asking them if they’d want to join in.  He wasn’t sure why he would hesitate.   He’d followed them to more than a few festivals that were not his normal speed, gotten himself into some mighty awkward situations with strangers and DJs who he’d rather have never encountered.  Surely his friends wouldn’t turn down the invitation.
Castiel raised his chin with curiosity. “Theme? What theme?” He stepped out of Dean’s light embrace and was tearing into the unmarked boxes within seconds. Dean heard him gasp and coo as he pulled out trinkets, lamps, and framed artwork. Gabriel stood over his brother with a knowing smile.
Seeing Cas linger in the doorframe, Dean smiled and sang aloud.  “Baby, if I think about you, I think about love.”  He kept his head down as his smile grew.  His heart leaped with hope that tonight would be better.  “...  I would give you both night and day of satisfyin'.  Feel like makin'... Feel like makin' love.”
When Dean made his way over, Castiel was sitting pretty.  Hands folded on the table top, he leaned back in his folding chair.  "Back so soon?“  He meant to be flirty, but the way Dean apologized brought him to realize it sounded like an accusation.
Garth always had a soft-spot for Dean and didn't take much offense to his attitude.  Trying to get on the guy's good-side, Garth let the topic drop and tuned the radio to the classic rock station.  When he turned up the volume, Dean scowl softened and he nodded gratefully.  The music bounced off the cement walls of the garage making enough noise that surely Bobby would come to complain.  So they enjoyed the tunes for as long as they lasted.  Surprisingly, with Bobby at the front desk handling customers, he and Garth were able to focus on fixing up the machines in relative peace.
Castiel peeled back a corner of paper and nibbled at the bread, barely moving to sit up.  “I- I'm sorry.  Dean.  Please don't be upset with me.”
Dean felt a hand swipe across his waist and yelped, tripping over his own feet at the edge of the grass.  “Shit.”
“Michael is a great big bag of dicks.”  Castiel watched as a trace of a smile flitted past Dean's mouth.  It wasn't enough to erase the last hour, but it was a start.  “I'm sorry I hurt you.”  He squeezed Dean's hands in his and his stomach rose into his throat.  “Do you remember what I told you?  What I said before you fell asleep?”
The following week at work could have been described as nothing less than a clusterfuck.  Castiel, normally the poster of order and control, could not keep his head straight.  Stacks of paperwork seemed to multiply as Castiel pushed them around his desk.  Unable to concentrate on a single task, Castiel found himself staring into space, haunted by the look of defeat in his sub's eyes.  He could read so much in the few times they'd caught each other's stare that night.  Clear as day there was fear, exhaustion, longing, confusion, and shame.  Beneath that, Castiel did not know... but he wanted to.
Castiel had time after work before Dean would be getting home, so he stopped at the grocery to pick up a few items.  He had a hunch that the kitten scene would be a bit intense for Dean as he worked out his abandonment fantasy, so he had an idea to help cheer him up afterward.
Sitting on the edge of the bed, Dean looked down at him with adoration in his eyes.  He laced their fingers together.
The bedroom was smaller than Castiel was accustomed, furnished with only a tall dresser, corner desk, chair, and long twin bed.  Castiel set the waters on the desk and turned down the blankets.  The sheets were soft, broken-in due to years of use.  Well-worn but still in good condition.  In fact, Castiel noticed that everything in Dean's home was well cared for.  Even the hotel style flip clock on his desk didn't have a scratch on it.  He checked the clock for an alarm, but none was set.  He'd have to wake Dean to ask if he had work in the morning.  Castiel took a drink from his cup and brought it with him as he walked back to the living room.
Castiel didn't mind it when their erections brushed together, but he didn't draw attention to them either.  Dean followed his lead and ignored his arousal.
Dean snacked on the fries, taking one at a time only after Castiel had eaten several.  “You were telling me why you decided to quit your job,” Castiel prompted, hoping Dean wasn't going to avoid the question.
Dean caressed Castiel’s face and started again.  “I’ll teach you to work with the rope, but I’d prefer if I was the only one who tied you.”  Dean lifted Cas’s bruised wrist to his chest and held it over his breastplate.  “This can never happen again,” his voice wavered and he cleared his throat.  “I don’t want you to do this on your own.”
“Bossy,” Gabriel started to tease, but quickly silenced himself when he saw what Castiel was talking about. The room looked wonderful and the dim lighting filled the room with a magical feel of twilight. “Wow,” he breathed, “Thanks, little brother.” Gabriel’s elbow wrapped around Castiel’s neck with a headlock and he pressed a firm kiss to the top of his skull.
“Oh.”  Castiel did not know whether to extend congratulations or condolences, so he offered neither.  “That makes you nervous?”
Dean shrugged, slightly deflated.  He realized it would be a challenge and an investment on Michael's part, but Dean knew this was the best gift he could offer to Castiel.  Things had gone pretty well between him and Gabriel, but Michael would be a totally different animal.  He was the oldest of all of them and he'd probably be the toughest nut to crack.  “You think he'll hate me?”
Dean remembered his conversation with Gabriel, where the man had asserted that Castiel needed him.  According to the one person who probably knew Cas best, Dean's presence mattered.
Castiel guided Dean until he was bent at the waist and properly braced for their next activity.  He caught sight of movement in Dean's hips and let his eyes linger to investigate.  A thick curve of flesh twitched against the cloth pants, the man already half-hard before they had even gotten started.
Hearing that voice, Dean’s mouth split into a wide grin.  “Cas? Hey, uh, what's up?”  He was sure Castiel could hear his smile through the phone.
The presence of the spirit always felt stronger in the dead of night, but Castiel pretended not to notice.  He did such a good job of pretending that Castiel didn’t even realize that he had altered his sleep schedule to accommodate the ghost, to spend more time in its ethereal companionship.
Castiel took the box into his hands and played with the intricate knot.  It was prettier than any bow of ribbon; his fingers hesitated to pull the string and destroy it.  Voice wavering, Castiel asked, “What’s in the box, Dean?”
Watching Castiel walk away, his heart seized in his chest.  Dean closed up the apartment and pressed his forehead against the door in exasperation.  But the door did nothing to block the wave of confusion and frustration Castiel left in his wake.  Dean ached with the desire to pull Castiel into a kiss, but knew intuitively that the action would receive a  negative response.  More than anything, Dean wanted to be considered worthy by Castiel.  He recalled the look of approval in Castiel’s eyes when Dean followed even the simplest instruction.  Dean didn’t realize that such a small look could make him feel so special.  Even the memory filled Dean with a warmth that pooled in his stomach and left his pants too tight.
“Thank you for calling Ambrosia, where tastiness is next to Godliness.”  Gabriel answered the kitchen’s phone with a smile, but his face fell as the caller introduced himself.
Cas tasted like sweat and musk, but the tang left quickly as Dean's saliva made him slick.  Dean used his tongue mostly, purring as he nuzzled into the patch of hair at the base of his dick.  He wasn't playing Kitty, not consciously, not really.  Castiel didn't associate their pet play with sex, but the lust inside him paced like a tiger in cage and Dean gave into it.
Under Castiel's touch, Dean's breathing evened out.  Castiel reached for his glass of water and urged Dean to drink at least half before he was allowed to sleep.  With Castiel's assistance, Dean finished the water and settled back down to rest.  Castiel positioned Dean's head on a pillow and covered his nudity with a blanket.  He folded back the blanket carefully, exposing only one limb at a time.  On his knees, he took his time to massage Dean's legs, feet, arms, and hands.  When his hands came to Dean's neck and shoulders, Castiel noticed that Dean was still awake.
Gabriel’s held himself stiff beside Dean as they laid strips of dough over the pies.  “He’s, um, lucky to have you.”  The words came out after some hesitation.  “I may have said it before but… yeah.”
Dean's fingernails dug into Castiel ass as he stole control from Cas.  Dean sucked and swallowed around him until Castiel's balls jumped with contraction and Cas was spilling into his throat.  Dean swallowed to avoid choking and resumed the work of his tongue.  He drew long stripes over and around Castiel's hypersensitive cock.  Cas's knees buckled, but Dean held him steady and rose for a kiss.
Castiel lifted himself off of the couch and helped Dean to a seated position.  “This should only take a moment.”
He waited for the coffee to percolate, then downed his cup in a few large gulps.  It only burned a little bit.  Pouring Castiel a mug of his own, Dean grabbed the last muffin from the cupboard.  He brought Cas breakfast in bed, kneeling beside the couch before handing his Dom the items.
Castiel froze when he saw what Dean was getting ready to do.  Maybe to someone else, to Dean, this seemed like a perfectly acceptable moment to have their first kiss.  Cas, on the other hand, couldn't shake the feeling of wrong.  He wasn't ready for this next step.  He wasn't ready to have Dean make this move for both of them.
Castiel had half a mind to decline, if only to make it a point for Dean not to bring strangers up to his apartment.  But he relished the opportunity to spend time with Dean away from prying eyes and passersby.  So, instead, he accepted the invitation, “Lead the way.”
Sticky, sweet, warm.  Dean's lips tasted like hot apples and cinnamon.  Castiel licked into his mouth, moaning his claim.  He laid over him, his legs straddling one of Dean's.  Feeling his sub warm and pliant beneath him, Castiel knew he'd done well.  “Apples are your favorite, huh?”
“Yes, sir,” he answered mechanically, but Dean didn't think that kitty would hide after destroying the sneakers.  Had he ruined his Master's shoes out of separation anxiety or anger, to teach him a lesson: don't leave me alone.  Dean thought that either way, kitty would not hide.  He'd either sit by his destruction with smug satisfaction, or be found still nervously tearing the laces.  Dean didn't argue with Castiel this time and wracked his brain for a way that he could reconcile his understanding of kitty's actions with Castiel's command.
Castiel squeezed Dean's hand, “Thank you, Dean.  I think you'll be a wonderful father as well, even if you're raising girls.”
“You’re happy paying rent for a place you never use?”  Sam’s shrug was calculated and paired with a slight frown.  “Doesn’t sound like you.  So what’s up with this apartment anyway?  Looks like it’s been empty a while.”
In the back of Dean's closet, Castiel found a pair of green and gold pajama bottoms hung together with a coordinated top.  Tags still on, they were a Christmas gift Dean never bothered to wear.  Castiel set them on the bed for Dean to change into after his shower. He hummed at the idea of tanning Dean's hide a festive shade to match his lips.
Anticipating Dean's collapse, Castiel caught him easily.  He eased them both onto the floor and knelt Dean between his legs.
Castiel continually pushed kitty off of the couch and eventually resorted to using his legs to block Dean from coming near enough to try to climb up.  “Sleep, kitty.”  He pointed at the ground in aggravation, refusing to look at him.
With the intensity of the last week, Dean could hardly believe it had only been a week since they signed the contract.  And it felt like a lifetime had passed since their first conversation at the bar.
Dean pushed through the swarm of bodies, not putting up any effort to ask for pardon.  He doubted anyone would hear it anyway.
Dean's mood only got worse as the day went on.  As he helped Garth remove the dashboard of an older Ford, he grumbled about working on the weekends.  And when Garth tried to engage Dean in some controversial small-talk about Chuck Norris and Clint Eastwood, he wasn't having it.  Instead of debating with Garth, citing movies as evidence to support his claims as he usually did, Dean snapped.  He told Garth that, in no uncertain terms, Eastwood could blow Norris away without sparing a thought about it.  Point blank period.  End of conversation.
Dean smiled as if it was all he could do to refrain from leaning in and kissing Castiel.  His heart thumped in his chest, anticipating the first touch of his lips against his own.  Instead of a kiss, Castiel dragged his thumb across Dean's lips again.  The touch was both slower and more rough than the first time.  Dean's eyes grew dark as his mind filled with dirty images.  With a mischievous grin, Dean winked at Castiel.  His teeth chomped the air, in mock threat to Castiel's fingers as they made another pass over his mouth.
The entrance to the club was moderately lit and clean.  At his first visit, Castiel was pleasantly surprised to find that the club did not give off the seedy, grimy vibe he'd experienced at other establishments.  The walls were white with hardwood floors and potted plants adorned the hallway.  There were four visible doors (one on the left and three to the right).  Castiel had never been in the smaller rooms, choosing to spend his time at the main stage.  A private man, such as himself, should probably feel more comfortable having more intimate meetings.  However, Castiel found that he preferred to lose himself in the small crowd of club members.  He walked through the hallway to the solitary door on the left, opening it without hesitation.
It took an agonizingly long time before Cas has fed Dean enough that his stomach is actually starting to feel full.  And when Castiel lifted the next fork to Dean's mouth he refused, pressing his lips together.  Tomato sauce smeared along the line of Dean's lips as the fork of eggplant came forward.  Castiel could take the hint and knew Dean had had enough.  He dragged his thumb over Dean's mouth, wiping it clean.
Dean crouched for a better look as he skimmed over the titles, pulling on albums and journals to read their covers.  There were a lot of how-to and self-help books, but their bindings were stiff.  Dean pulled out a thick, grey text book and turned it over in his hands.  The bold initials on the cover didn't make much sense, but Dean leafed through it anyway.  Page after page of text.  No pictures, no diagrams, no tables.  Not helpful.
In an effort to demonstrate to Castiel that it was safe for him to open up, there there was nothing off limits between them, Dean shared opening and honestly about his experience since Thursday.
Dean wondered how long Castiel had wandered the streets before finally finding his way to the store.  The idea of Cas roaming around the city, mind-adrift, left Dean’s skin crawling with fear.  “You said you were OK when we hung up.”
Rising to his feet, Castiel answered, “Of course.”  He watched in confusion as Dean grabbed a pillow from the couch, pulled it briefly to his chest, then replaced it.  Castiel's brow came together in a deep crease.  “What was that?”
The song faded out and Dean parked the car in the crowded lot.  People were milling about, some forming lines at the ticket booths and others pushed toward the festival gates.  Dean was up and out of the car in an instant, leaving Castiel behind with their trash.  He gathered it quickly, stuffing it in the paper bag and went to follow.
Gabriel couldn’t stop smiling, “Great, thanks. Would you guys be willing to help with one more thing?”
“OK.”  Dean dropped the contract onto the coffee table and reached for Castiel's hand.  Castiel gave it freely.  “If you're open to some serious rewrites of that contract, I think it could be really valuable for us.”
His eyes moved over Castiel and took in his vulnerability. He hadn’t planned on tying Castiel while he slept, but as he sat there the reasons for waiting faded from Dean’s mind.
Castiel understood.  Dean had to find what worked for him, much like Cas was figuring out how to navigate himself through depression.
Kali hummed around a spoon of mashed potato.  “You certainly know your way around a kitchen.  Doesn't he, darling?” She smacked Gabriel's arm.
With a lighter heart, he butted his head against Castiel's arm and laid on his shoulder.  The program about abominable snowman sightings didn't hold his attention for a moment before Dean was back to nuzzling into Cas with earnest.  Turning to face his Master, Dean pressed his forehead against Castiel's shoulder and neck.  He could feel Cas struggle not to move as his breath tickled Castiel's skin.
He fell asleep talking into the not-quite-empty room and woke under the cover of thick blankets.  The sun streamed in through the dusty windows as Castiel blinked himself awake.  It took him a moment to remember where he was, so long he had gone without seeing the morning light.
The shortened version of his name caught him off-guard.  “Michael, when have you ever called me Cas?”
But Dean surprised him with his next question, “What else did you want to see?”  His voice was hushed in Cas’s ear, like he understood what lie between them was delicate.
Dean climbed the stairs and expected a scene similar to National Lampoon’s Christmas Vacation: dusty boxes, a cold draft, and broken floorboards with exposed insulation. Reality was much nicer, though the low ceiling took some getting used to. Dean and Cas helped Gabriel move the stacks of boxes down the stairs like they were on an assembly line.
Castiel considered it a moment.  Dean was mouthy, opinionated, and inexperienced.  He doubted Dean wished for the role Anna assumed in their relationship.  Castiel believed he would be much better suited to the role of submissive, with perhaps a few hours of scheduled puppy play per week.  Instead of shooting down the idea outright, Castiel offered him a trial.  “You will kneel at my side at dinner.  You will not speak when you are on your knees.  You will eat what I provide.”  Castiel looked down at Dean's upturned face.  “After we eat, I will tell you when to stand.  You will no longer be my pet.  And we will return to the couches to speak.”
Looking up at the sound, Dean’s face blanched.  Castiel stood in the entryway, a haggard mess.  His hair stuck up like he had been pulling on it; his tie hung lopsided over his wrinkled shirt.  There were heavy bags under his eyes and was wearing a blank stare.
Dean's phone chimed with more incoming messages. “Says he was feeling tired after work and didn't see the point.”  Dean frowned.  “He's kidding, right?”
He was panting and unable to properly answer when Castiel tried to engage him in conversation.  He managed a few grunts and “uh-huhs,” but intelligent discourse was off the table.  Castiel talked about work, mostly.  One of the doctors was being sued for something or other: malpractice, neglect.  Castiel didn't think anything would come of it, probably settle out of court, but it had created a new host of paperwork.  He didn't sound too upset by the extra work, so Dean told him that his office was lucky to have him there, as Cas could handle it better than probably anyone else.
With his face tucked into Dean's messy spikes, Castiel breathed in heavy sighs and stifled whimpers.  Dean was so good to him, so good for him.  Could he really be the answer, the key, to freeing him from depression's dark hold?  His arms wrapped around Dean tightly, his hands curling into fists at his back.
“Just a bit.  We wouldn't tell Castiel if you said 'no'.”  She rubbed her belly.  “If you haven't noticed, I'm gigantic with child and it would be a great help if we had someone we could trust... Four nights during the week?  Three?  We'd pay you, of course.”
“Must taste good.”  Castiel brought his hand to Dean's face, pulling him in for a kiss and a sample.  “Mmm,” he hummed against Dean's lips.  “So good for me.”
Friday night Castiel found himself at the office long after closing, headphones blaring symphonies because – no – lyrics were definitely not welcome in this space.  His ears ached with every blast of horns and screech of the strings, but the music did its job.  In moderate discomfort, Castiel's mind was unable to bombard him with thoughts of the club.  Finally, he could steamroll through his work.  Cramming a full week's agenda into the last five hours certainly did not bring forth the best quality, but even a stickler like Castiel could tell that he wasn't going to produce anything better in his current state.
For Dean, their relationship was a serious divergence from 'normal' and Castiel admonished himself for slipping into fantasy during downtime.  This was Dean's time to vent and explore his limits.  It was Castiel's time to discover how Dean really felt about their play.
“I need to know I can trust you,” Dean continued.  “I think you know exactly why.”  He took Cas’s hands in his and held them gently.  “Like the other day.  I woke up and you were gone.”  Dean tried not to sound upset as he relived the shock in memory.  He glanced behind him to make sure they were alone.  “Decided to go for a run on your own at 3AM?”
Castiel woke surrounded by a warmth that was somehow under him and over him at the same time.  It was comfortable and comforting in a way that Castiel was sure he had not experienced in a long time, if ever.  But as awareness returned to his body, a heaviness in his chest advised him this pleasure was fleeting.
Gabriel grinned, already shoving chocolate candies into his mouth by the handful.  Regardless of Castiel and Dean's plans, Gabriel had already claimed the box of assorted junk food as his.
Eventually the kisses lost their urgency and became lazy and relaxed.  When that happened, Castiel pulled away.  “Now,” he licked his lips, tasting the residue of soap from Dean's skin, “for taking what you wanted without permission.”  Castiel pointed at the wall beside them.  “Get in position.”
At first, Dean thought it was just another sign of him being preoccupied with thoughts of work, but when he saw Cas was still holding the apartment key, Dean became concerned.
“Like downtime?”  Dean was worried the day had passed by too quickly and if he fell asleep before they were able to talk about the weekend, he wasn’t sure if Castiel would reschedule or make him wait until Thursday.
“I guess I'll leave you to it.”  Dean placed the pillow and knitted blanket at the foot of the bed and walked toward the bedroom.  Though his lips were curled in a smile, Castiel didn't miss the slump in his posture.  “I gotta be at the garage by noon,” he spoke over his shoulder.  “G'nigh-.”  Dean stopped short as he felt a pair of arms circle his waist.  Castiel pressed his chest against Dean's back, pulling them together.  Feeling the comfort of Castiel's warmth, Dean closed his eyes and sank into the hug.  He held onto Castiel's arms and hummed his approval.  “Caaas.”  Dean dragged out the name in a whine, pulling Castiel's arms tighter around him.
Castiel felt Gabriel hold Dean's hand longer than necessary, more of a stand-off than welcome.  “That's enough.”  He pushed himself from his brother, breaking the awkward handshake.  “Gabriel, behave.”
“Cas won’t leave the office until six,” Dean explained, “but still he bitches about taking a ‘half-day’.”
Dean knelt with feigned patience, watching Castiel's thumb with jealousy as it dipped into the bowl.  Castiel carded his free hand through Dean's hair and Dean brought his face closer, letting the moist heat fill his nose and warm his face.  It smelled even better than the night before, the ingredients having had time to get acquainted.  His mouth watered imagining the new depths of flavor.
“Yeah, man,”  Dean assured him, starting to understand that things were more serious than he thought.  “I'm, uh, not planning on going anywhere.”
Castiel used his hand to test the water temperature several times before it felt right.  He knelt outside the bathtub with a bottle of shampoo.  Still curled into the corner, Dean made it difficult for Castiel to bathe him.  The edge of the tub dug into his hip uncomfortably as he leaned forward to shower Dean with the warm water.  The position did not lend itself to what Castiel had in mind and he knew he had to get closer.
“So, if I wanted to, erm, take initiative on some things...” Dean twisted his napkin in his hands, no longer hungry.  “You would be OK with that?”  He looked up, eyes full of hope and uncertainty.
Dean asked about upcoming races, but Cas hadn't even checked.  He knew there would be more than a few “fun runs” in the Fall, but he wasn't sure of the dates and registration.  Dean can't imagine what sadistic dick would coin the phrase “fun run” and mean it.
“Wha- no, it’s… Ahh.”  Dean hissed and his shoulders slumped forward.  He didn’t fully comprehend why Cas felt so entitled to lay his hands all over him, but it felt too good to protest against.
Dean’s eyes locked on his with frenzied worry.  He pressed his mouth to the palm of Cas’s hand, kissing it twice before answering. “Don’t do this again, Baby.”  His breath was warm as he spoke, but his voice was firm.
Castiel was happy to provide Dean some relief and massaged his scalp and neck until his fingers were sore and Dean had fallen back to sleep.
Cas was being so obedient and was much more in control of his breathing and body now that he was lying down and blindfolded.  Dean told himself he needed to ask Castiel what helped him most during the session so that he could use it again.
Dean looked up at him with interest and added a jar of strawberry jam to his steadily growing collection.  Castiel saw at a glance that Dean had already separated a small set of peach jam, fig spread, and apple sauce alongside his lavender honey pot.
His tongue dragged across Castiel's stubble and he sucked a patch where his come was already starting to dry.  Satisfied Castiel's chin and jaw line were sufficiently clean, Dean worked his mouth upward.
It wasn't long before Dean had completely tuned out the television and was engrossed in his own daydream.
Dean was still frowning as he lowered himself to his knees before Cas.  His hazel eyes looked up at Castiel for one brief moment of defiance before finding the floor.
Dean kept his eyes on the floor, “It can wait.”  Running a hand over his face, Dean took a deep breath.  “You should eat, Cas.  We'll talk after.”  He hoped Castiel wouldn't be too offended by his criticisms.
He read through their latest entries before sending them each an email.  Castiel wrote about his and Dean's relationship, what had transpired thus far, and asked if they thought his leniency was creating a disturbance in the dynamic between him and Dean.
With a hop to his step, Dean walked them down the street to a door between a small café and laundromat.  “I'm just above the coffeehouse,” he explained.  They traveled up two narrow flights of steps to a small landing.  The smells of detergent and fresh coffee warred in the stairwell.  Castiel crinkled his nose in distaste.  Dean laughed, noticing his expression.
When he first suspected the rumors about the house could be true, Castiel did his research.  He thought for sure there would be a story here, but was disappointed to find nothing in print.  It wasn’t so unusual for records to be lost.  Castiel had done his fair share of “losing documents” to cover up the reality of the supernatural.
In the kitchen, Dean fumbled with the coffee filter and can of breakfast blend.  He was never much of a snob when it came to a simple cup-of-joe, but all of the sudden it seemed important to measure how many spoons of coffee grinds for how many cups of water.  He smiled to himself, aware of how ridiculous he was being.
“Yeah?”  Dean sipped from his beer, sucking foam off his lip.  “Me too.  So, you never told me, why does the bee have angel wings on your jars of honey?”
Together, they meticulously arranged each item in its proper place.  Castiel practiced the pronunciation of the ancient language until Dean gave his spark of approval.  Finally, it was time.
The first smack of Castiel's hand came as a surprise.  Dean grunted as his arms gave way, bending at the elbow.  “Keep your elbows straighter.  Brace yourself.  And, whatever you do, do not remove your hands.”  Dean pressed back from the wall to protect his face from slamming into it as Castiel smacked him again.  “Keep your legs spread, just like that.  Perfect.”  Castiel critiqued his posture, making sure Dean knew exactly how to stand.  Dean took pride in hearing that Castiel thought he looked perfect.  His praise took some of the sting out of the punishment.
Castiel gave Sam a nod as he left, offering them some privacy.  He wasn’t sure what would happen, as it appeared that Dean was still feeling quite ill, but he appreciated the time alone with him.  Castiel raked his fingers through Dean’s hair.  It was a bit greasy from the sweat of the concert and in need of a wash, but he didn’t mind.  His mouth curved in a fond expression as he thought about what to say.
Dean rolled his eyes.  “Yep.  Yes, sir.  You are incredibly thoughtful to interrupt my workday to complain about what a dick I am.  Thanks for the chat.”  Dean really wanted to hang up on him, but he couldn't actually bring himself to do it.  He'd never turn his back on Sam.
Castiel considered his options, stroking his chin with a stern look of concentration.  “Leather, I think.”
“It's different things,” Dean started to explain.  “Just being held in place... helps.  Makes it easier for me to let go, let someone else take over...  It's fun too, to struggle against the ties.  And some of the patterns can feel like you've got your Dom's hands all over you.  And you know how much I like your hands on me.”
“We will find a way to give you your form.  And if there is a way to do more than that, to give you life, we can do that as well.  Whatever you need.  I am here.”
Dean arrived in the early evening with a nervous smile and grocery bags in his arms.  Gabriel thrilled as he noted the absence of birthday gift.  He grinned maniacally at the thought that his little brother would soon be engaged.
Dean didn't bother correcting his use of pronoun and came up beside him.  Leaning into Cas's space, Dean promised, “After work, Baby and I are going to take you out.”  His hand slipped up Castiel's back before settling one arm around his shoulders.  Dean ran his free hand over the Impala's roof. “What time should we pick you up?”  Dean stood at the driver's side door, head tipped toward Castiel.
“Shut your face, bitch.  I’m awesome,” Dean reminded.  Since Castiel had been keeping hellish hours at the office, Dean found time to speak to Sam daily.  He knew all about his brother’s beau, Jessica, another smarty determined to make it in a predominantly male field.  It was clear that Sam took their relationship seriously, which only left him wide-open for his older brother’s loving ridicule.
Castiel pulled the guy’s arms from his jacket and tossed it onto the table.  The flannel button up was next.  Who wore layers in the summer anyway?  He left him in a grey Henley and brushed the matted hair from his face.  And damn, was that a good-looking face.  Castiel studied the lines of the stranger’s jaw and nose, his eyes lingering on the pair of full lips.  Under normal circumstances, Castiel thought he would take time to put each freckle to memory.  Maybe even ask the guy to model for a portrait, and not just use it as a pick-up.  Castiel shook the fantasy from his thoughts.  The man had blacked out on the dance floor and it was no time to ogle.
Castiel began to get nervous.  He had taken responsibility for this stranger based on a handsome face.  But for all he knew, the waitress could have been right.  This guy could be tripping on some club cocktail and, heaven forbid, die in his arms.
He paused outside the door, listening for any clue as to how Dean was fairing.  There was a faint sniffing sound, but the clawing had ceased.  Castiel turned the knob and slowly opened the door.
Castiel was still dressed in his work clothes and lying half-asleep on the couch.  The menu for Firefly flickered on the television screen.
, fearing they would only bring about memories of Dean's experiences at Bar A.  His voice was calm and steady as he broached the subject of their expectations for the relationship.  Castiel informed Dean about the importance and relevance of contract negotiation for D/s relationships, to map out these expectations and present clear boundaries.  Since they would be exploring BDSM kink together, in addition to engaging in a dating relationship, Castiel explained the benefits of having a contract with each other.  He asked Dean if they had something similar at the nightclub.
Dean’s fist grabbed at Cas’s hair harder.  He was close, so fucking close.  Castiel massaged his balls and flicked his tongue over his slit and that was all it took.  Dean came with Cas’s name on his lips and fell backwards onto the couch.  His chest rose and fell as he gasped for air.
“Cassie!” Gabe’s face was red and his eyes were wet, but he wore the biggest smile. “It’s a girl!” His voice broke into a laugh as he grabbed his brother in a hug. He reached beyond Cas toward Dean, wiggling his fingers until the three of them were a tangle of limbs. Congratulations were muttered into shoulders as they held onto each other.
He couldn't stop himself from pulling out his phone and the near constant time-checks only made the minutes seem to pass more slowly.  The phone's screen was nearly coated in grease before Dean resigned to shutting down the phone completely.  Dean wiped it off quickly and then set it in his locker to get it out of sight.
As the page came together, Castiel included a little blurb about how he started his business.  Anyone who read the newsletter would be able to tell the beekeeper was somewhat of a self-made loner.  Of course, the only one who would ever see the article was Dean.  And maybe Dean would understand that it was lack of practice in conversation that had ruined their interaction.  Maybe Dean would understand he hadn’t meant any harm.
“Yes.” Castiel’s breath came in sighs of pleasure as Dean took him back into his mouth. Dean sucked gently, teasing just enough to coax his dick to life. Cas bucked his hips again and seemed to be enjoying himself until he lifted an arm to reach for Dean. “Dean?” His heart pounded faster when he felt the tug of rope on his wrist and neck.
Dean's fantasy continued as he pictured himself climbing the brick steps, coming home from work with a box of candies just because.  In his mind, he saw the front door open.  He was greeted by Cas's kind eyes, a baby on his hip and a toddler at his feet.  Of course, Dean wasn't really considering marriage or babies just yet.  And even if his mind had involuntarily supplied the thought of Castiel as the father of his kids, that didn't mean Dean was ready for that kind of commitment.  Shaking his head of the daydream, Dean surveyed the house again.  Dean was certain that it was far out of his price range.  And besides, he didn't need a new apartment; he needed another job.
Castiel answered thoughtfully.  “It has been both a kink and a fetish at different times in my life.  Currently, I am not sure.  I am attracted to you, without doubt...  I think it would be best if we continued to date, grow to know each other, and see where it takes us.  I will never ask you to be more or less than who you are.  I will never cross a boundary you have set.  I only ask that you be yourself, not who you think I want you to be.  Is that understood?”
Castiel's hand lingered over the fluttering patch of skin.  He wondered if it was a foot or hand.  “I'd be happy just stealing yours for the moment.”
Dean looked down at Castiel.  The full lips glistened with their saliva, inviting him in for another kiss, and Dean found that he couldn't resist.  When he moved to bring his hands up to Castiel's hair, Dean was met with resistance.
Castiel had kept his head down, for the most part, gently smiling at the foot traffic, his heart doing little flip-flops as strangers approached his display.  A few people took his jars in their hands, commented on the label’s mascot, informing him that bees do not have feathered wings as if he was somehow clueless to this fact.  He did his best not to roll his eyes, instead sharing with them a good-natured nod and running a mantra-like prayer in his head for them to leave quickly.
With a quivering touch, Castiel held the rope in place.  Dean could see he was favoring his unbound hand and checked the tie to make sure it wasn’t too tight.
Castiel hummed at Dean's enthusiasm.  “We could use this time to plan it out.  I believe it would help us to clarify any expectations for the scene.”
Dean tugged him back toward the living room, wanting to thank his boyfriend with proper enthusiasm.  “Permission to resume making out until that's cooled enough for eating?”
Castiel left and Dean made a space for himself, sat on the living room floor and picked up Castiel's old runner shoe.  Turning the sneaker over in his hands, Dean dug into the rubber soles, seeking out weak spots in the seams.
Castiel nodded.  His own car was around here somewhere, though he reasoned it would not be difficult to pick up tomorrow.  “Where is home?”
A spry red-head with a pixie cut waved them over to her table.  Her bright smile distracted from the gaping wound at her neck.  “Hi!”  She greeted cheerily, “Welcome to the apocalypse!  Name?”
It wasn’t until Castiel tried to stretch in his sleep that he noticed something was different. The first thing Castiel felt was the moist heat between his legs. He canted his hips forward and Dean hollowed out his cheeks to suck him a bit deeper.
It worked.  Castiel came to the cushion and stood over Dean.  He huffed a breath through his nose before extending a hand to help Dean to his feet.  Dean took his hand immediately, greedy for any touch Castiel would give.
Most of the writing read like riddles.  The men were careful to conceal the truth of their profession, communicating in a code with which they had become familiar.  Even still, Castiel followed as best he could.  He devoured their tragedies and triumphs from beginning to end, nose buried in the scribbled passages even as he went about his morning routine.
Cas brought Dean to the back of the building and out to their small parking lot.  His first sight of the Impala left him speechless.  He admired the sleek muscle car, appreciating that this was Dean's pride and joy, but he didn't know what to say.  Castiel knew next to nothing about cars.  He had always lived in the city and relied on mass transit.  His driver's license was just another form of government ID in his wallet; he never needed it beyond that.  “It's beautiful.  It looks like you take very good care of it.”
Their tongues warred feverishly for a taste of each other.  Dean lifted his arms, trying to pull Castiel on top of him.
“No,” Dean answered honestly.  He was more determined than before to prove himself to Castiel.  “No, not at all.”
Cas recognized the tune from the night before, but instead of associating it with the soothing hum of the lullaby, his mind stuck to the lyrics about sex.  He felt offended rather than flattered.
Friday’s article became an outright letter of excuses for his rudeness, blatantly lacking in apology.  He sent most of it to the recycle bin and started again.  He focused on his bees instead.
He lifted his hand to Cas and stepped out of his boots, kicking them into the foot of the closet.  They bounced harder than he intended, but he found it hard to care if they dented the wall.
Dean leaned into what little personal space Castiel had left in order to talk into his ear.  “You want a drink?”
Dean had a number of things he'd like to get off his chest, but had been saving them for downtime when he knew he wouldn’t be judged.  With Castiel’s hands working him into a state of bliss, Dean thought that he might slip and say something that would get him in trouble.  “I'm afraid I'm too relaxed to keep myself from saying anything stupid.  We can't have downtime and keep doing this?”  Dean felt embarrassed, asking for a massage like he was some bourgeois princess at a spa.  But Castiel's hands were like heaven and Dean wanted them back on his body as soon as possible.
“Well, I wouldn't want to bring the wrath of the fat kids upon you.  Sure they'd snap you like a twig.”  Dean kissed Cas on the cheek before saying goodbye.
“I'm pissed, alright.”  He let out a puff of air and tried to turn away, but Castiel held him in place.  “That wasn't what I wanted.”
“Yeah, it's a thing I put together on the side since Bobby couldn't get me enough hours this week.  But not to worry, this job is going to make me more than enough to wait for work to pick back up at the garage.  This guy doesn't seem to know his ass from his elbow, so I'm sure I'll be set for a month or two, at least.”  Dean wondered if there was much demand for the kind of work he described.  It certainly wouldn't pay as well as Zachariah or the club, but it could be an option.
When he had finished, Castiel stared toward the horizon.  But his eyes didn’t see the storm clouds rolling in.  He didn’t feel the drops of rain upon his face.
Dean’s mouth moved over Castiel’s jaw and neck as his thoughts drifted to the contents of his duffel.
Dean's back arched as he shied away from Castiel, pressing himself hard against the wall.  He let out an insubstantial growl as Castiel's hand reached toward him.  “It's OK, little one,”  Castiel whispered, pulling back his hand.  He took a few steps backward, giving Dean more room.  He noted the way Dean relaxed as he backed off.
Z: I should be there before 10 and I don't expect you to stay later than that.  I only meant that I will pay you double for wasting your time like this today.
“Wha-?”  Dean's question came out muffled by a mouthful of food.  After a hard swallow and a helpful drink of water, Dean tried again.  “What'd I do?  Why the frowny face?”
Dean could have guessed.  The man in the photograph was holding a haz-mat hood in his hands, staring at the camera without a smile.  To Dean, he looked like a blend of Castiel and his brief glimpse of Gabriel.  Michael had sandy-blond hair and a complexion like Gabriel, but he held himself seriously like Cas.  Dean guessed that if he was surrounded by war, poverty, and infectious diseases, he wouldn't be smiling too much either.  “Where was this taken?”
“My answer is 'No'.”  It sounded as if Michael had already moved away from the phone, “I'm very busy at the moment.  Now, if you'll excuse me.”
“Shove off, dude.”  Dean’s body heaved again, but came up dry.  He felt an arm slip round his waist, holding him up as his knees wobbled.  This was not how he wanted to spend his night.  He couldn’t remember the name of the club or the face of the person pressed against his side.  It must have been one of Sam’s friends and through the pounding of his head Dean felt that he was forgetting something important.
A scruffy middle-aged man stood on the front porch with his hands crossed over his chest.  “And what in the heck do you idjits think you’re doin?  Draggin’ in at the butt-crack of dawn…”  He cuts himself short when he sees Dean slumped against Sam’s frame.  In a few long strides he was before them, giving Dean a good once-over and nodding in his assessment.  “Well, shit, boys. Get yer asses inside and I’ll fix up the standard.”
Jumping to his feet, Dean grabbed a mangled shoe and moved quickly to the bedroom.  Once there, he resumed his angry work with trembling hands.
Gabriel nodded along, finding it hard to follow anything but the simplest sentences in his sleep-deprived haze.  He refrigerated the last of the groceries and made a show out of looking into the empty bags.
The cafeteria was fairly quiet.  It seemed that it was either too early or too late for the building's lunch rush.  Castiel chose a small table near a window, more out of a desire for privacy than the view.   Outside was typical of the small city: asphalt, an under-grown tree, and a small patch of yellowing grass.  Neither gave much thought of the view anyway as their attentions were on each other.
He slipped in quietly and locked the door behind him, leaving the key in the lock as Dean tended to do on the weekends.  Hoping to find Dean in the kitchen reheating dinner, Castiel set his coat on the hook.
“I’m Sam?  Dean’s brother?”  It hadn’t occurred to Castiel that Sam would have found them first.  He eyed the man who called himself Sam suspiciously, but Sam held his ground.  With a note of concern, he lifted his arm and gestured to Dean.  “Is he all right?”
Cas’s laugh in response brought a whole different level of weird.  The sound itself was perfectly normal: deep and gravelly.  But the reaction it sent through Dean was unexpected.  Heat twisted in Dean’s stomach and a blush crept up his neck.  Cas’s laugh was drop-dead sexy.
Gabriel snuck into the bed beside them. “Make some room for me? I want to get some gooey baby time before they whisk her away.”
Dean sighed; he couldn’t imagine what a mess their contract would become if they tried to account for everything.
Dean's boots slapped the cement clumsily, but Cas?  He seemed to glide on top of the uneven sidewalk.
A whine crackled within Dean's throat as his fingers released the button of his pants.  The swollen head of his length bounced free of the fabric, already glistening with precum.
Dean sighed.  It felt wonderful to feel the strength back in Castiel's arms, the confidence returned to his voice.  Dean pulled back just enough so he could get a good look at him.
Physically, any part of Dean felt much like the rest.  A cool buzz of energy that seemed to penetrate Castiel’s flesh to the bone.  There was little difference in ‘feel’ between Dean’s hand and his mouth.  But there was something about being able to look down and see Dean’s full, pink lips wrapped around his cock that took Castiel to another place entirely.
Dean grabbed for Cas and brought him in for a kiss.  “I don't care if I get punishment,” he remarked, wrinkling the starched fabric of Castiel's shirt and kissing him a second and third time.  Dean stumbled backward, the doorknob catching his hip, but he found balance in Castiel's arms.  Castiel allowed him this kiss, hoping it would help him find his way.
“OK.”  Gabriel pushed his bills aside and grabbed a bag of potatoes.  “You know about our parents, right?”  Leaning back he could reach the utensil drawer and started peeling.
It was when Gabriel turned the conversation to Dean's relationship with Castiel, that Dean truly earned his approval.  Dean talked about Castiel with such affection and detail that Gabriel decided the guy couldn't be all bad.  Maybe he had jumped to conclusions about this one.  Of course, the real test was in the way Castiel felt about Dean and as far as Gabriel could tell, Cassie was in deep.  Gabriel listened with rapt attention as Dean rambled on about which of Castiel's quirks and habits had struck a particular chord with Dean.  Dean was just about to broach the subject of Castiel's birthday when they were interrupted.
That was how Cas had addressed him when he woke from Gabriel's couch.  Dean could do that, be that, for Castiel now.
Dean’s eyes went wide and his lips formed an o of surprise.  After a moment of disbelief, Dean tried out his voice.  “Hey, Cas.”
Castiel shrugged like the promise meant nothing, like he couldn’t remember making it.  “I had to get out of there.”
Castiel removed his hands from Dean's shoulders and the two entered a stand-off:  Dean refusing to play by the rules and Castiel too hesitant to offer punishment or comfort.
Cas's warm hands slipped under his shirt again and dragged blunt fingernails over his back.  There was a temptation to purr, to retreat into the role of pet, but a stronger pull within Dean greedily kept this moment for himself.
As if reading Castiel's struggle, Dean hummed a low tune.  His song vibrated over them and, like a lullaby, carried Castiel into a dreamless sleep.
Sitting up, Castiel found a notebook laid in the dip of the pillow beside him.  He had taken to sleeping on one side of the bed, never really feeling comfortable taking on the middle of a queen-sized mattress.  But the notebook was new.  Well, no, it was old.  Very old, judging by the stained, tattered pages and worn leather cover.  But it was something he hadn’t seen before.
Castiel paid at the counter and returned, his head tilted in confusion.  “Are we taking this to-go?”
“Castiel?”  Dean used his full name knowing it was acceptable even as a sub addressing his Dom, though he seriously doubted he would incur punishment tonight.
Dean blushed when Castiel grabbed his jaw and pulled their faces close, demanding that he not put himself down.  The intensity of his command startled Dean.  He thought Castiel was being a little over-dramatic, but he went along with it because that's what he knew he was supposed to do.
There was a gasp from above and then the cushion went tense under his cheek.  Dean opened his eyes, one at a time, keeping his chin tucked down to this chest.  He recognized the plaid patterned pajamas he’d gotten last Christmas, but they were on someone else’s legs.  More specifically, the pants clothed the thigh Dean was quite possessively holding in place.
Beneath the blankets, Castiel reached for Dean, pulling his head to his chest.  The man's damp hair left a wet mark on Castiel's shirt, but Cas preferred it to the distance.
Dean made a pleased purring sound as Castiel continued to touch.  When the hand moved across his jaw and over his lips, Dean flicked out his tongue.  It was only meant to be playful, at first.  But Castiel's hand lingered at his mouth.
“Shut it. And bring him this.”  Dean ladles a cup of prepared 'tea' into a mug and hands it over to Gabriel.
Dean learned that Castiel ran about three miles before work to get his day started.  Then, on months working up to an event, he trained a little differently, going to the park to strengthen his arms and core.
Dean held up his end of the conversation and shared about his love for reading.  He shared about how he used to struggle through reading comprehension assignments in school, but overcame it by listening to music or tapping out a beat as he read.  While many people told him he was only further distracting himself, he found that the additional stimuli actually helped him concentrate.
Dean demonstrated nothing but the utmost dedication to Castiel.  After a short discussion Dean all but broke his lease on the apartment to move in with Cas full time.  He dragged Castiel out of bed for their morning jogs, cooked healthy, energy-rich foods, kept positive programming on the television (no crime dramas or sob stories), and brought Cas lunch at work.  After eight, Dean showed up in time to drag Cas back out for a walk.  Upon their return home, Dean and Cas showered and prepared dinner together.  Some nights Castiel fed Dean from his hand, but more often Dean ate from the floor.  Between dinner and bedtime, Dean played the role of pet.  They didn't discuss it at length or plan it out in detail; it just sort of happened.
“I already switched the detergent to the baby stuff. It’s down in the laundry room.” Gabriel offered as he worked alongside Dean. Dean really appreciated the extra set of hands.
Dean winced a little, knowing that baby talk could be a sensitive subject for Cas and wondered why his brother couldn’t see that. Dean placed a hand on his back and stood closer. “What does it need, babe?” He tipped their heads together and tried to follow Castiel’s gaze around the room.
As Castiel kept the rope steady, Dean wrapped him like a spool of ribbon.  It was a simple binding, but Dean took his time.  He was careful to wind the rope without dragging it across Cas’s skin.  The hemp was rougher than the purple cord and he didn’t want to leave Castiel with a rash.
Dean took solace in knowing that Zachariah had very little information about him – not his real name, not his address.  His heartbeat rolled like a snare as he worried.  He tried that breathing thing and became frustrated when it didn't work right away.  He couldn't let go and relax like he had while kneeling in Castiel's living room.  He wrung his hands out in front of him as he struggled to control his breath.
Sam took it in stride and Dean vented to him about his own relationship with Cas.  It was one thing to kneel in front of Castiel during downtime and express his concerns while keeping composed, but having a little brother to help him sort out his shit was incredibly helpful.  It was a relief to both of them when Dean finally stopped bottling everything up.
Staring at his feet, Dean accepted each blow Castiel served.  Castiel's hand collided with his buttocks and thighs methodically.  Rarely did his hand come down over the same spot twice in a row.  The placement and strength of each slap was unpredictable, but it made sense to Castiel.  Dean pushed harder at the wall, as if trying to make it move.
Dean heard the faint beeping of his alarm clock, but it sounded too far away to be real.  His phone buzzed in his pocket until it fell with a crash against the hardwood floor.  He woke with a start and nearly jumped out of his skin when he saw the time.  Still in yesterday's clothes, Dean found that he had slept on the couch through the night.  Thankful that he didn’t have to be at work until the afternoon, Dean relaxed and let his heart rate return to normal.  His thumbs typed a quick note of apology to Castiel.  Guilt settled heavily in his stomach when he responded immediately.
before.  It’s just that, one day, maybe, if we ever get to that point… I thought I would be the one presenting you with a little box.”
Dean wrapped each thigh in a pattern of black lines and fastened them to the purple rope under Castiel’s ribs. He kept the legs spread apart so that he would still be able to reach his Dom’s dick without obstruction. “Sir?”
Laying the guy on the wooden bench, head in his lap, Castiel dragged ice cubes over his face and neck.  He moistened the stranger’s chapped lips, remembering a time when his sister had done something similar during the flu as a child.  Dehydration was dangerous.
A chuckle bubbled up from Castiel's chest.  Dean could be so blunt when he wanted to be, and Cas wouldn't want him any other way.
Dean placed the blindfold over Castiel’s eyes and cradled his face in his hands.  The muscles of Castiel’s face and neck went soft and Dean stroked his thumbs behind Castiel’s ears.  “Don’t let go of the rails until I tell you.”
Standing at the foot of the bed, Dean let the line out and the ends fell to the floor with a heavy sound.  Stretching the rope between his hands, he laid the grey point just below Castiel’s ribs.  He found the midpoint quickly as it was marked with a grey stripe.  “Keep this here.”
Pulling the blanket up to his chin, Dean rolled onto his side.  When he first agreed to the contract, Dean didn't realize that he would have such a hard time submitting to Castiel.  He had jumped in, head first, and really thought he had a handle on the whole thing.  He thought the club had given him enough experience to navigate a real D/s relationship.  But scene after scene, Dean's emotions became twisted and inevitably overwhelmed him.
Dean's scowl formed deep lines in his forehead as he placed their dinner in front of Castiel.  He knew that Cas had something against his table manners, but Dean had never had to worry about impressing anyone.  Now he yearned for Castiel's approval but got ridiculed instead.
With Dean out of the way, he was able to sneak into the kitchen and set the pie to bake.  Not preheating the oven was definitely some kind of blasphemy but they didn't have time for that and Castiel didn't think it mattered.  He covered the edge of crust with foil and set the timer for 50 minutes.  Castiel estimated that in half that time the entire apartment would be smelling like hot apple pie.
During dinner, Dean knelt on a cushion at Castiel's feet without instruction.  His eyes never left the floor.  Even in the short time since they had defined their roles, Dean was proving to be a fast learner.  Castiel used a fork to feed him dumplings and sticky coconut chicken.  Dean imagined what it would be like to be fed directly from Castiel's fingers, to lick the sweet sauce from his skin.  He yearned for Monday to arrive so that he could act out the fantasies that have been running through his head all weekend.
The doorbell rang a third time as Castiel chugged down a glass of water.  When his throat was no longer bone dry, he dusted himself off and jogged to the front door.
Castiel seemed to brighten up a little at Dean's vote of confidence.  He wanted to feel useful, capable.  Cas picked up the pace for their last lap.
Castiel didn’t want to be in control tonight.  He didn’t want to think – not about work or family or anything else.  He wanted someone else to make the decisions, to be held accountable.
Castiel amused himself, standing just out of Dean's reach as the man swiped at his sleeve again and missed.  “What question was that?”  He took a small step toward Dean and allowed him to grab onto his wrist.
He didn't know if Dean had a vacuum, though he assumed he did, so he cleaned by hand.  Picking up the shredded pieces of shoes was slow work and by the time Castiel had cleared the living room of all evidence of kitty's fit, the oven timer read that a quarter of an hour had passed.
“Do or don't do whatever you want, Master.  You're the Dom; or don't you remember?”  His chest burned as he held back further remark and he laughed once more.
Before leaving the garage, Dean griped at Bobby for the short hours this week.  He tried to explain his financial situation wasn't the best without raising any alarms that might trickle back to Sam.  Bobby being a family friend and Sam being a big girl about everything, Dean worried that one of these days they'd start comparing notes and catch Dean in a lie about where he had really made his money this past year.  With sincere apologies, Bobby admitted to Dean that the garage was struggling as well.  He would see what he could do about giving Dean more hours, but his part-time arrangement had always worked out well.  Bobby wasn't sure how he could accommodate Dean's new need without screwing one of his other employees in the process.  Dean said he understood and hoped that their friendship would count for something as Bobby tried to rework the schedule for the upcoming weeks.  In the meantime, Dean fell back on what he knew.
Castiel explained to Sam what he had seen in the dance hall, how Dean became disoriented and fainted.  He skipped over the cuddly bits on the booth and described Dean’s vomit in gross detail.
Seeing Dean's expression harden, Castiel tilted his head.  “What's the matter?”  He wiped his hand with a napkin and set it back on the counter.
The music seemed to have a healing quality on Dean's soul as he bobbed his head and mumbled along with the radio.  It definitely helped the time pass and Dean actually found himself laughing when Garth started dancing to Charlie Daniels.  His gangly limbs flailed all over the place.  Dean stopped his work to watch, afraid Garth might hurt himself.
Castiel shrugged as they parked. “It was unfortunate that you became sick.”  There was a pause before he continued, straight-forward and without embarrassment.  “I would very much have liked to dance with you.”
He ghosted his fingertips over Dean’s shoulder and down his arm.  “I will do with your body as I please.”  When Castiel’s fingers reached Dean’s wrist again, they clamped around the joint and held it down.  Their hands pressed into Dean's lower back as Castiel leaned over his body.  He held his lips against the shell of Dean’s ear.  A shiver coursed through the man beneath him as he whispered, “And right now, it pleases me to give you this massage.”
“I remember,” Castiel said, grabbing Dean roughly by the back of his neck.  He pulled him to the side until Dean's cheek was pressed against his hip.  Tilting Dean's head back with a tug on his hair, Castiel countered, “Do you?”
Sometimes they would work for hours in frustrated silence, other times a vibration of hope filled the room.  On occasion there were days when Dean had gotten so deeply into his research that all would be still.
Castiel watched on in awe as Dean's shoulder rolled in time with his gasps.  His palms itched at Dean's sides with the desire to help him along, but he ignored it, instead focusing on each hitch of the man's breath.
With a possessive growl, Castiel brought their lips together.  Dean's body was hot and laid out in front of Castiel like a buffet.
Castiel gave a nod, but continued to study Dean's face.  Some emotion flickered behind his features, but Castiel couldn't catch it.  “Anything else?”
Castiel left him be as he pretended to rearrange the jars that had yet to be sold.  He almost didn’t hear when Dean had muttered something from the far end of the table.
Castiel dragged Dean into his lap and Dean saw his favorite gummy smile spread over Castiel's face.  “I'd swoop over your village, grip you tight, and burn down the bastards that tied you up in the town square.”
He watched Dean’s dimples jump as Castiel entered his personal space.  His crooked smile advertised his jitters as a blush bloomed beneath his freckles.  Despite their close proximity, Dean did not retreat from Castiel’s gaze.
Dean and Castiel jogged each morning; the fresh air and physical activity did them both a world of good.  It wasn't always easy to get Cas out the door, but once they were underway, his scowl loosened up and he began to hold himself straighter, walk lighter.
Dean plucked at the knots to loosen them before reaching for the braid at Cas’s neck.  “Going in to work early,” he said, voice tinged with regret, “But I’ll be back this afternoon. Want me to pick you up or meet you at Gabriel’s?”
Dean had called him before his shift started, thinking he could get it out of the way and ease the nervous twist of his stomach.  Instead, the failure of a phone call left the mechanic in a rotten mood for the rest of his afternoon.
Novak: Dean, I have not been able to concentrate on anything but thoughts of you and when I might see you again.
“Yes, Sir.”  Dean slid off his lap slowly, dragging his hands down Cas’s chest and over his thighs in a tease.
“I’m trying to tell you. Zachariah was a private client of mine. He once hired me as a houseboy, but I never made it past his driveway.  He’s a manipulator.  He gets a kick out of putting me in uncomfortable positions to see what I’ll do.”
Through the week he took pictures of the insects he felt he knew by personality and had fun coming up with their names.  He wrote an article about the baby bees who had recently stolen his heart.  It was cutesy, but actually pretty informative about the nature of beekeeping and what it took to run a healthy colony.
Castiel sat at the foot of the bed considering his next move.  He enjoyed the challenge of caring for a pet, but kitten play was rather new to him.  He understood that felines were generally more defiant by nature.  Of their own mind, kittens often choose to test their master and are less motivated by a need to please.  Castiel recalled the information Dean had shared with him about Kitty's back story.  At dinner, Kitty trusted him, ate from his hand without trepidation.  This was different.  Castiel wondered if Dean wanted to play through their first meeting.
Dean's expression softened and he pulled Cas's legs onto his lap.  “I ain't mad at you, Cas.”  He rubbed the chill from his boyfriend's feet.  “Not for a minute.”
Dean's eyes had adjusted to the dim light enough to see Castiel look impressed.  “You translated Vonnegut?”
He had to get out of his own damn head.  Maybe some light conversation would be good for both of them.
“Shh-h-h.”  Castiel held himself still as he hushed Dean's anxieties.  “You're OK.  I won't hurt you.”  Castiel clicked his tongue against the room of his mouth.  “May I?”  His fingers moved, only slightly, beside Dean's face.
Sunday morning found Castiel standing before Dean, holding his head in his hands.  His thumbs gently framed Dean's face; his fingers stroked the short hairs behind Dean's ears.  He looked into Dean's eyes with a soft expression.  “I will tell you everything you need to know and do.  There's no reason for you to be scared.  I promise I will never
Dean hadn't called him Sir since before falling asleep and Castiel pinched the nerve at Dean's shoulder causing him to wince, “No, I don't think you do.”  Castiel dug his fingers harder into the nerve, sending a shot of electricity up Dean's neck and behind his arm.
The incantation read like a song; the more Castiel repeated it, the easier it became to say and the more pleasant it was to the ear.  Castiel continued until the flame engulfed his hand, wrapped around his wrist, and spread up to his shoulder.
At first, he was just himself preparing props for the scene.  It was mindless work, tearing holes in the fabric until he started to get into character.
Castiel's back and bladder revved up their protest and eventually he had to slide himself out from under Dean.  He was careful to disturb his body as little as possible and snuck a pillow under his head to take the place of his lap.  Castiel gave Dean's face another caress before excusing himself to use the bathroom.  Passing through the hall, Castiel saw that it was nearly 2AM.  He sent up a small prayer of gratitude for the weekend to the powers that be.  Guessing that Dean probably had to work at the garage on Saturdays, Castiel decided to get Dean into bed.  After finishing in the bathroom, Castiel prepared a glass of water for each of them.  He brought them both to the bedroom before going back to retrieve Dean.
Kali let out a sigh that sounded like she had been holding for ages. “Well, have you asked him yet?”
Castiel saw the man’s legs about to give out and stepped closer.  There wasn’t much else he could do, but make sure the guy didn’t fall face-first into his own mess.  So, he offered support and introduced himself.  “My name is Castiel.  I pulled you from –.”
Stepping out to the livingroom was supposed to give Dean time to calm down, but quite the opposite had happened.
The laps passed quicker this time as Dean imagined zombies lurking around the corners of buildings.  He was a warrior and danger lurked behind trash cans and shrubs.  He ignored the ache in his ankles and shins, the burn in his chest, and pushed himself harder.
With a sigh, Castiel dialed back the force of his touch and began to knead the muscles of Dean’s upper arm.  “You are right.”  He took in another deep breath, “And I told you not to lie to me.”
The last command sent a chill down Dean's spine.  He was sure Castiel could feel the hairs sticking up on the back of his neck.  “Yes, Sir.”  Even hearing himself say those words stirred up feelings of desire.  Cas had never kissed him or touched him sexually during their D/s time and Dean's excitement began to grow at the thought that tonight could be the night Cas would finally decide they were ready for more.  The kiss on Tuesday was wonderful, but not nearly enough by Dean's standards.  Dean thrilled at the idea of being grabbed by the hair, bite marks bruising on his skin, Cas's mouth forging an assault on his.  He wanted to know what it would be like to watch Castiel finally lose control, to see his lips swollen from kissing him fast and hard.  His eyes glazed over as he sank deeper into the fantasy.
Dean stood, observing his posture.  Without instruction, Dean was uncertain how he was to conduct himself.  Kicking off his shoes and standing them near the wall, Dean thought through his options.  He could speak up, join Cas silently, walk away... Would Castiel accept his presence on the couch beside him?  Would he prefer to be left alone?
“If you can't stay quiet I'm going to have to find another thing to do with that mouth.”  His mouth turned up in one corner, “Do you need help being quiet?”
Things got marginally easier as Castiel entered his 'Dean's-place' morning routine.  After his shower and breakfast, he nearly felt alive, no longer a lead frame mannequin.  He took a shaky breath and struggled to finish the dregs at the bottom of his coffee.
Castiel bent at the waist to take Dean’s mouth in a deep and sudden kiss.  His hands pulled at Dean’s collar and scrambled over his body until his sub was up on his lap.  Dean smiled against his lips as Castiel folded his arms around his middle.
Castiel was startled by the sound of rustling fabric near the foot of his bed.  The curtains had been drawn back, letting in the soft blue light of evening.  He knew the spirits could force objects to move, had seen it in the field and in his current home.  His heart leaped at the thought of having at least one of his companions willing to interact with him.
Panic rose up into his throat until it felt like he was drowning.  It took all of his strength to keep his face free of emotion.  Castiel had long since stopped taking notes and took tentative sips from his glass, but what good was water when he needed air?
Gritting his teeth together, Dean let out a frustrated sound and pressed his cheek harder into Castiel's leg.
Castiel’s heart was still beating fast, but it no longer felt like panic. Dean raised his head at Castiel’s silence and their eyes locked. Energy crackled between them like static as the saliva trails cooled on Cas’s skin.
Sam gagged, “TMI, dude.  I get it.  He’s dehydrated.”  He adjusted his grip on his brother, though it didn’t seem to help much.  Dean was clearly favoring Castiel’s support over his.  “We’ve got some sports drinks in the trunk.  He’ll be fine once we get him home.”
Toe catching on a raised stone, Dean stumbled and swore, but Cas turned with an arm out to steady him and slowed down a bit.  Sure-footed again, Dean smiled in gratitude and aimed to jog beside Cas instead of behind.  Although, he was giving up a great view by doing so.
Dean talked about the fun he had helping out at Ambrosia and how he was thinking of accepting Kali's offer to work there part-time.
“No, I… When you asked me about the festival…”  Castiel licked at the corner of his mouth tasting ketchup.
Castiel assured Dean that he’d run through worse, “I’m sure I can handle it, Dean.”  As they pulled up to the event with time to spare, Dean saw it was a madhouse.  A glorious madhouse.
was helping.  Having someone to care for, someone who needed him, gave Castiel a sense of purpose and motivation for more than just wallowing in his own suffering.
Dean blinked up at Castiel, confused.  “Is there something in the oven?”  His nose was still swollen and stuffed but he tried sniffing at the air.
“Yes, sir.”  Dean washed the dishes thoroughly to prove that he could complete his assignments well.  He could be good, even as a sub.  Dean set the last plate in the drying rack and then walked to where Castiel was sitting on the couch.  Castiel was sitting back, his left arm draped along the armrest.  His expression was eerily calm as he directed Dean to face the wall beside him.  Castiel stood up and arranged Dean how he wanted him.  “Bend at the waist and lay your palms flat against the wall.”
The fog shifted and Dean could see the scene more clearly.  It was the main theatre of Alistair's club and the house was packed.  Dean knelt centerstage as Alistair and Michael circled him like vultures too long without a meal.  Panic set in.  This wasn't right.  He shouldn't be here.
Castiel looked softly upon Dean.  He knew he had pushed him too far.  “This, today, was still your time to explore our relationship beyond the D/s aspect.  I should not have taken that away from you.”
Springing up from behind the sandwich counter was a sandy-haired man with a wide grin.  He was clearly a goof-ball, launching himself over the bar top with a twizzler hanging from his teeth.  Within seconds, the woman was out from behind the candy cases and crashing into his chest.  The mans hands found her waist and smoothed over her rounded belly with obvious care and affection.  Behind the glass case, Dean hadn't noticed she was pregnant.  But out in the open, it was quite obvious she was pretty far along.  With laughter on their lips, the couples' mouths met ravenously and Dean took that as his cue to look away.  He shook his head at their public display, but felt more jealousy than disgust.  One day, he hoped to have something as free and spontaneous as that with Cas.
“Hey.  I’m serious.  Something’s different and I don’t like it.  Are you sure you’re OK?”  She stood in front of the door, blocking his only exit.  Folding her arms across her chest, Meg stared Castiel in the eye.  “Well?”
Dean raised his finger and nodded to indicate that he had questions but needed a moment to finish his mouthful of food.  “I didn't know you experimented with being Submissive.”
Castiel’s answer was a simple, yet forceful, “Yes.”  This wasn’t the time for debate, not with Dean half-delirious and stinking like burnt motor oil.  “Did you eat?”
Stepping into the bar brought up a mix of emotion.  There was anger at the club managers, shame in himself for coming back, relief at returning to routine, and an overwhelming concern for his sub.  And he really should stop referring to the man as his now that he intends to... what?  What, exactly, did he hope that another visit would accomplish?  Castiel sat down on the stool at the end of the bar top and sank his face into his hands.
The brothers were almost finished when the apartment door opened.  Castiel returned looking less like a mole person and smelling like soap.  He tried to stay out of their way as he fitted the sheets over the bed and stocked the bathroom with towels and toiletries.  Wanting to allow them plenty of time to catch up, Castiel announced that he would be starting dinner soon.  Dean and Sam were welcome to come downstairs whenever they were done.
Dean sucked a slice of tomato off his lip.  “I am charming and you love it.  Besides, I wasn't saying that you aren't handsome in your own right, angel face.  So, speaking of, you've got a birthday coming up, right?”
The more Dean listened, the more Milton sounded like a douche and a control freak in all the worst ways.  Who schedules a meeting after office hours and demands peripheral staff to attend?  Cas wasn’t a lawyer or doctor; how vital could it be that he stick around?
The sound of boots scuffing along the floorboards was not the roof settling. The doors closing were not moved by the wind.  And the feelings of being watched were not paranoia.  Castiel knew what was out there; he knew of things that ought not to be trifled with.  As a hunter, Castiel had dealt with many hauntings and uncovered the reasons for many unexplained phenomena.
It wasn't a coincidence that Castiel bought more food than they could eat.  He remembered that Dean was struggling to make ends meet with his job at the garage and he wanted to provide for him in whatever way he could.  Castiel was startled by how fiercely he wanted to care for Dean; and he thrilled at the willingness to submission Dean had displayed tonight.  At his feet, Castiel felt Dean shifting his weight and knew he must be uncomfortable.  He brought himself down to Dean's height and gave Dean's hair a few lingering strokes.  Dean nuzzled into the touch greedily.  He thrived on the affection and wanted more.  His enthusiasm did not go unnoticed.  Castiel adjusted himself on one knee and held Dean's head in his hands.   He gently rolled Dean's earlobes between his fingers.  “Kitty, go lay down.  Daddy has to finish washing up.”  He briefly pressed his lips against Dean's forehead.
Castiel arrived while Dean was flipping burgers on the deck.  He slipped an arm around his boyfriend’s waist and took a long drink from Dean’s beer.  They finished off the bottle before greeting each other with an ale flavored kiss.
“Good,” Castiel spoke clearer than before.  Dean could tell he was coming out of the daydream, but he wasn’t panicking like before.
Before leaving the house, Castiel called to place an order at Ginger, the pan-Asian restaurant downtown.  It was a bit out of the way and he would need to take a cab, but the food selection was excellent.  Castiel ordered a little bit of everything, unsure what Dean would like.  After giving his credit card information, Castiel tucked his phone in his pocket.  He switched the manila envelope out from his briefcase and into a small messenger bag.  The bag crossed over his body and bounced against his hip. Feeling ready for the night, he grabbed his jacket from the closet and exited the apartment.
He hadn't brought anyone to meet his family before -  not even Markus, especially not Markus.  To see Gabriel hit it off so easily with his boyfriend had been breathtaking.  Of course Castiel trusted that his brother would be considerate of his choice, but he delighted in the way Gabriel seemed genuinely impressed.  Expecting jokes and an invasive line of questioning, Castiel had braced himself for all kinds of embarrassment before bringing Dean into the shop.  Instead, something had happened between the men when they talked alone.  Some kind of understanding or mutual respect had blossomed in their short conversation.  Castiel didn't ask.  What was said between Dean and Gabriel, he did not need to know.
Castiel's watch informed them that it was technically early enough to run the scene if they kept to the one hour limit, but Cas had something else in mind that he thought might serve them better.  “How about we save that scene for tomorrow?  Tonight, if you want, kitty and I could get reacquainted for a bit.”  Castiel offered Dean the chance to flex his role play muscles a little before jumping into such an emotional scene.
Dean gave a little chuckle before stepping away.  “Hungry?”  Castiel hummed affirmative.  He walked to the kitchen and immediately looted the bags of food.  There were containers of vegetables, meats, noodles, rice, and sauces.  “No dumplings?”  Dean's smile looked more like a tease, “Guess that conversation will have to wait for another time.”
Dean draped a pair of cords over Castiel’s left shoulder and then did the same to the right.  He threaded their ends through one of the metal rings and pressed the circle against Castiel’s chest.  “Hold this.  Like before.”
Dean grabbed for his hand and wove them through the gyrating masses until they found the bar.  Castiel smiled into Dean’s shoulder as his friend ordered them drinks.
Living through the first leg of the race seemed simple enough and they cut across the parking lot with ease.  It was the wooded areas that tripped Dean up.  He wasn’t used to looking for or jumping over fallen branches and his sneakers slipped on the leaves.  Castiel stayed with him, but Dean didn’t like to hold him back.
Dean felt his pocket buzz with an incoming call.  The unnamed number could have been anyone, but his breath caught in his throat at the thought that it might be Castiel.  “Hello?  This is Dean.”
Castiel could do that; he was a good guy afterall.  He could get him that drink, help him find his friend.
Dean sighed and pushed aside his other thoughts temporarily.  “It doesn't.  It's... just don't ask me to call you Daddy, OK?”  Dean was conflicted.  Although he thought it was sweet when Castiel referred to himself as the kitten's daddy, calling Castiel Daddy felt very wrong.  He didn't want a father; fathers let you down.  He wanted someone stable and predictable, someone he could depend on.  He wanted a boyfriend.  And beyond that, Dean admitted to himself, he wanted a Dom.  He wanted to belong to Castiel.
When Castiel's hands forced him against the door with a shove, Dean thought it may work even better.
With an exaggerated sigh, Dean reluctantly pushed himself from the couch and knelt in front of Castiel.  He folded his arms stiffly over Castiel's khaki-clad knees and brought his chin to rest on his arms.  He closed his eyes to avoid staring at Castiel's crotch.
since talking to Cas during breakfast.  Something about that tiger's story had twisted his stomach in a knot that wouldn't let up.  There was plenty to do to keep him busy and he hoped it would be enough to turn his mind from that conversation.  He didn't understand why he would say those thoughts out loud to another person.  But Castiel made him feel safe, like anything he said mattered and wouldn't be judged.  Dean couldn't wait to see him again.  If anyone could untangle the knot from his chest, Dean thought it would be Cas.
“These rings are going to help me hold your restraints in place.  Tell me when they reach your body temperature.  I will be right beside you the whole time.”
A pair of hands slapped the table in front of him, giving Castiel quite a start.  He looked up to find a set of sparkling green eyes and a winning smile, just inches from his own face.  Castiel lifted an eyebrow in confusion, but didn’t move away.
Dean's moods shifted with such intensity at times, Castiel wondered how the man ever survived so long at the club.  Cas never treated him with such callus disregard as he'd witnessed there, and yet he was concerned that Dean wasn't faring much better, even with aftercare and downtime.
He stopped breathing at his release. Come pooled in and around his belly button as his body trembled. “Come for me,” he said quietly, his body still working through the aftershocks of his orgasm. Then, louder. “Come for me, Dean.”
“Anyway, I had a feeling Castiel was dating again.  He started looking forward to the weekends.  And, well, not that he's ever been one to smile much, but I could tell, you know?  He was happy.  You're good for him.  That's why I asked about... I thought maybe things had... whatever.  Just keep an eye on him, eh? If he still seems, I don't know,
“Oh.  Well, my name is that of an angel, lesser known than Michael and Gabriel.”  Castiel drank some more, enjoying the buzz of alcohol and of being close to Dean.  He tipped his head to watch his companion as he spoke.
When Sam came in it was to ask what he felt like having for lunch and he helped Castiel untangle himself from Dean’s octopus arms.  Castiel was grateful that he had freedom to relieve his bladder and walk around a bit, but was also quick to return to the couch again.  If Dean woke before the pizzas were out of the oven, he wanted to be there.  He knew it wasn’t a necessity, but caring for him was the only way they had related thus far.  As much as he hoped Dean would wake fully recovered, he would miss the feeling of having him so close.
“For you, then.”  Some fresh air would be good for the both of them.  “You know what I mean.  Running, exercise, endorphins.  Let's do this.  Together.  We'll kick depression's ass... Please.”
“But during pet play you called yourself Daddy, remember?” Dean chewed at his lip, a habit Castiel found equally attractive and displeasing.  He liked to see Dean submissive, not uncertain.
“Heh, I actually just ordered a pizza.” Dean paused.  After two hours of emails without response, Dean had pretty much given up hope at seeing Castiel tonight.  “Where are you?  You know Pizza Rustica on Main?”  His heart thumped against his chest as if he was back in high school asking his crush on a date.
He breathed in the scent of Dean, and while it was pleasing in ways his tired mind couldn't articulate, Cas found it couldn't quite fill his lungs.  Instead of turning to panic, Castiel understood.  His limbs felt stiff, weighed down by more than Dean's arms and legs.  It was a familiar feeling, like sinking in sand, a sensation that Castiel had felt too often to forget.  He closed his eyes again and wished for sleep to return so he could wake up from this bittersweet dream.
Castiel looked over Dean meticulously, taking in the details of his stance and expression.  Something had changed.  This was hardly the same man he had ushered out the door this morning with a kiss and a pat on the butt.  'Good game,' Dean had responded with a wink.  Castiel didn't understand the reference exactly, but the tone seemed to indicate that Dean was in good spirits as he headed off to work.  Castiel knew things at the garage were sub-optimal, but Dean usually perked up once he got home.
“Child labor,”  Dean suggested as Cas worried they'd have to hire less-than-qualified ranch hands to help tend the crops and livestock.  “We can put the kids to work.  They're cheap and, if they wanna eat, they'll do as their told.”
“I know.”  Cas breathed out through his nose.  “Please, trust me.  Come here, rest your head here.”  Castiel pat his lap.
"Yep.”  Dean pocketed the small jar and turned to go.  Castiel couldn’t help but feel like it was some kind of rejection.  "Actually,“ the man spun on his heel to face the tent again, "I could use another jar of that purple honey.”
Dean's eyes widened for a second before he leaned in with obedience.  Castiel's kisses were more intoxicating than the sting of whiskey and Dean lost himself in his thirst for more.
“Shh,” Dean stroked Castiel’s neck, running his thumbs under his line of stubble.  He wasn’t sure what the audit would entail, but it sounded bad.  Seeing Castiel so shaken set Dean to action.  He wished he could take Cas away from this place to where everything was better.  He kissed Castiel’s forehead, “Let’s go home.”
Since receiving Dean’s text that morning Castiel was feeling pretty good.  He didn’t think that he was acting in a way that would suggest upset, but around mid-day Meg came over with a different perception.
An apology on his lips, Castiel reared his hand back and slapped the man across the cheek.  He had hoped it wouldn’t come to this.  As he slapped him again, Castiel reached into his pocket for his cell phone.  The man let out another groan and Castiel released a sigh of relief.
“Yes.  I wasn’t ignoring you or zoning out on purpose.  Before dropping you off last night, being fed by your hands was the closest thing I had to that.”
A grumbling sound came from the other end of the sofa.  “There's whole 59 seconds before a minute passes.”
He couldn’t be sure, over the thunder and rain, but he thought he heard the sound of his name.  It came again with difficulty, closer this time.  Deep and rough.
Dean was still behind the door, but his posture had relaxed from fear into a guarded interest.  He watched Castiel return to his spot on the bed.  With a timid squeak, Dean crawled to the edge of the door.  His eyes never left Castiel, studying him for signs of danger.  Noting Dean's small show of trust, Castiel slid to the floor and sat cross-legged.  He rested his hands on his knees and voiced soothing sounds, encouraging Dean it was safe to approach.
In the kitchen, Dean was sautéing leafy greens and bopping around to an unheard song.  Castiel's head tipped from side to side, matching the beat of Dean's toe-tapping.
He didn't know how it could be only a few weeks since they'd been introduced, but something clicked when they were together and Dean felt like Castiel was the only person who could understand.  His eyes glistened as he watched for Castiel's reaction.
“Yes.”  Castiel's answer was so honest and straight-forward, Dean felt guilty for shielding his own.  Cas's voice dropped as if to admit this desire out loud would somehow make it less likely to manifest.  “I think it would be nice to have all of that.”
There was plenty of time to spare before Castiel would be home from work, so Dean went to Ambrosia to check in with Gabriel.
The air in the pizzeria was warm, thick with the smells of melting cheese and tomato.  They stood, holding each other in a quiet stare for a long moment.  Dean felt he could lose himself in Castiel’s brilliant blue eyes.  He felt safe, in a way he probably shouldn't feel in the presence of a stranger.  A voice came from the kitchen counter, startling them both. “Winchester?”
“Don't sweat it.  We're good. I'm, really, I'm glad you told me.”  Dean snapped the tops onto the containers of vegetables and slid them into the fridge.
Castiel had always enforced that the submissive’s health and safety were paramount, but Dean didn’t know how to provide those things in this situation.  Castiel wanted to be bound, skin to rope, but did he want that at the expense of his own comfort and warmth?
Ellen approached shortly after to take the empty basket from the counter.  “Was everything to your liking?”  Her tone alluded that she was asking about more than the food.  The tease in her expression faded as she noticed the worried line of Castiel's frown.  “Something wrong?”
Without a second thought, Castiel switched the remaining halves of their sandwiches.  “Next time, just choose first.  There is no need to whine.”  Castiel held out the other half of his meatball hoagie, “Would you like the rest of this as well?”
Dean's eyes went wide, feeling Castiel grab a handful of it.  He kneaded the flesh absent-mindedly as Dean ate.  Holding himself upside-down, combined with the pleasure of having Cas handle him in that way, left Dean feeling dizzy and light.  He ate slowly and as he drew his body up again, to take a break, Castiel's hand trailed along his back and to his face.
Dean explained his strategy while looking for street parking, “I basically just terrify myself into thinking there’s an infected horde chasing us.”
Dean shoved his hands in his pockets and leaned against the lamp post.  He doesn't lift his eyes from the pavement, “Well, maybe I did something that was really bad. Like, destroyed something of yours.  And you think I'm not worth it...  But you change your mind.”
There were moments when it seemed like Castiel was lost in a trail of negative thought, but Dean would find his hand and bring himself a bit closer, engage him in discussion about his hobbies.
Dean nodded in response and lifted the blanket to invite Castiel closer.  Things weren't great between them, but they found still comfort in each other's arms and could agree on 'OK'.
Their laughter was interrupted by sudden silence.  They looked over toward the stereo to see Bobby standing with the unplugged extension cord in his hands.  “This is for tools, not music.”
Gabriel looked on with a worried expression and stood up from the couch.  “Feel better, kid.”  he hugged Castiel with a firm pat on the back. “We'll talk soon.”
Castiel stilled his hands, “No.  I spoke to Michael about you since the first night we met.  He doesn't know... everything, but he does know how important you are to me.”
They made small talk at first, mapping out the way and sharing comments about the weather.  When they fell into a comfortable silence, Castiel's thoughts began to drift.  Castiel worried about moving too fast with Dean.  Was he seriously going to introduce Dean to Gabriel as his boyfriend tonight?
“She's good, I guess.  A little wobbly.”  Dean grabbed a strip of candied orange peel and popped it into his mouth.  “I didn't realize you had family in town.”
“I, uh, didn’t get a change to eat.  Thought we could grab a bite first.”  Dean pulled down the street and headed toward a well-known fast-food place.  “You eat burgers?”
Sam laughed again.  “So he’s all prepared for a relaxing jog and checkered blanket lunch date, and you’re going to throw him into a post-apocalyptic nightmare.  So romantic.”
In the livingroom, Dean stared at the bookshelf.  There had been a clue here, once, about bringing Castiel out of himself.  Perhaps there were more waiting to be found.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at the paper-wrapped sandwich in his lap, wondering yet again if this was a date.  “Dean?  May I ask you a question?”
When the glass was empty and the collar of his shirt soaked with melted ice, the man groaned but did not wake. Even unconscious, the man’s forehead was lined with worry.  Castiel wondered what could trouble someone so young, so deeply.
Dean's smile lit up as Castiel stepped into the room, but faltered when he noticed the redness of his eyes.  Dean winced as he sat up to make room on the couch.  “You want me to kneel?”
Castiel did find Dean in the kitchen, but he hadn't gotten himself up from the floor.  It didn't look like he had moved from the spot where Cas had left him.  “I spoke to Michael,” Castiel said, sitting back on his heels in a squat.
Bored laughter carried through the night.  Dean stopped short when he recognized the man with the mirthless smile.
something.”  Castiel snapped at Dean and he didn't meant to.  But he sure as hell doesn't want to apologize.  The words came to his lips automatically and Dean flinched at their tone, “I'm sorry.”
Quickly moving through the store, Castiel grabbed a box of already made pie crust and a can of apple filling.  It wouldn't be as good as the scratch recipe Gabriel had taught him, but he'd make that another day.  He had seen a pie plate in Dean's cabinets by the casserole dish, so he decided against buying another.
Castiel searched through his closet for a T-shirt and jeans combo that would show off his muscular physique without looking like he was trying too hard.  He peeked at himself in the mirror, wrestled with his hair for a bit, and then gave up trying to tame his do.  He thought it looked pretty good, even when it was standing at odd ends.
Unfazed, Castiel just wrapped his arms more tightly around him.  “You're familiar with rope, Dean?”  He never mentioned his interest before.  Castiel thought he might have mentioned it when they had talked about Anna, Castiel's first and only other pet.
Castiel sighed as he swiped his debit card through the machine.  He wasn't in the mood for jokes, not even half of one.
His green eyes blinked open and he croaked, “I'm up.”  Despite his announcement, Dean made no outward effort to move.
“Ha. If you only knew.” Gabriel and Dean lifted the crib and set it against the wall, away from the windows and the air vents. Then they moved onto the next big projects, a dresser and a bookcase.
Cas turned his hand and admired the slip of aluminum.  He laughed as it caught the light from the kitchen.  “Gabriel is an idiot.”
Castiel arched into Dean's mouth and Dean dove around the swelled flesh in a building rhythm.  Castiel's breath came in gasps and groans as he drove himself into Dean's soft and pliant mouth.
Castiel hummed a few notes while he swallowed Dean down and popped off his dick to get a better look.  “Kali,” he answered quickly and then got back to business.  He continued to bob up and down, swirling his tongue around the crest of Dean’s cock.
“We can treat it like a vanilla day,” Castiel said, but he didn't have the same confidence in his voice that  Dean was used to.
Castiel waited in the center of the bed, Dean’s bag of toys in his lap. He perused through the assortment of rope, dildos, plugs, rings, handcuffs, a blindfold, and a ball gag.  Castiel’s mind wandered as he looked, stirring up memories of his green-eyed submissive on stage being used like he was just another prop.  Castiel had never considered that his submissive was anything less than precious, and he wondered how anyone could pack him away for later like so many toys.  It made his heart sink to remember Dean had subjected himself to that life for so long.
Dean ducked in, slurping noisily as he drank the cream from the cup of Cas's hand.  When Dean pulled back for air, his mouth was a wreck of milky pie filling.
Castiel held the book reverently in his hands and began to read.  Inside the beaten journal was the story of the Winchesters: John, Mary, Dean, and Sam.  They were hunters as well and from what he could tell: talented, dedicated, and admirable.
Gently spreading Castiel’s legs apart, Dean knelt between his partner’s knees. His fingertips tripped up Castiel’s muscled thighs and drummed on his jutting hip bones as he considered his next move. Dean wanted Castiel to feel good, but he didn’t want to startle him either. He licked his lips as he traced the curve of Castiel’s stomach.
Dean knew what it meant when Castiel said he wouldn't hurt him.  It was agreed that Dean would be subject to some pain, but never more than he could handle and never in a way that Dean said he didn't like.  That was the importance of the safe-word.  To make sure Dean always had a way to tell Castiel that they needed to stop.  “Kansas.” Dean announced his safe-word and tightened his hold around Castiel's waist.  He breathed in the cool, fresh scent of his skin and cologne.  “Ready.”  He pulled away from Castiel and averted his gaze.
Castiel scooped the linens from Dean's arms and placed them on the coffee table.  He then worked with Dean to strip the couch and unfold the bed.  Stretching the sheets over the thin mattress, Dean caught Castiel's eye.  “Thank you.”  They shared a soft look between them and Dean wasn't sure how to respond.  Usually a look like that would be interpreted as an invitation to a different kind of sleepover.  Dean, however, understood that Castiel would be much more direct if sex was what he wanted.
Dumping the dust pan into the trash, Castiel glanced down at Dean.  It was such a little thing that Dean would have missed it if he hadn't been vigilantly watching Cas's face.  But as a trace of a smile flitted across Castiel's lips, Dean's heart leaped.  After that, Dean's neck didn't bother him so much and, as the night went on, he made a game out of catching and categorizing the nuances of Castiel's expression.
New text messages from DW.  Castiel had saved his contact information under the initials since Dean seemed so fond of them in his emails.
Dean nuzzled himself deeper into Castiel's arms because what was on his mind felt far too cheesy to say aloud.  He felt Castiel's lips graze the top of his head and lifted his eyes to Cas's.  There was still something
“You!” He pointed at Dean, “start boiling water.  Castiel,” he held out a vegetable peeler, “get to work on those potatoes.”
Dean snorted.  It had felt like a long time since there was any knot tying going on between him and Cas.  “Yeah, Gabe.  We’re ready to tie the knot alright.  Hangman’s noose.”
“Right.  OK.”  Dean tried to bring his focus back to downtime, but it was hard to think of anything besides Castiel's fingers on his thigh.  “So, we started this D/s thing yesterday night, right?”
The closer they came to dessert, the antsier Gabriel became.  He couldn’t keep his eyes off Dean’s pocket nor keep the smile off his face.
Castiel watched Dean move gingerly toward the living room, still on all fours.  It was nearly midnight, but Castiel had no desire to leave anytime soon.  As he washed and dried the dishes from dinner, Castiel wondered how much longer Dean would like to be a pet.  He wrapped some ice in a clean dishtowel and brought it to the couch for Dean's knees.  He found Dean sitting up, his legs stretched along the couch, reading the contact again.  Dean folded his legs to give room for Castiel.  Castiel slid beside him, lifting Dean's legs to rest over his lap.  He iced Dean's knees as Dean continued to flip through the paperwork.
Castiel answered the door, a bit confused by the delivery of food, but thanked the girl and signed the receipt, regardless it was in Dean's name.  He brought the pizza box into the living room and placed it on the coffee table.  Then, almost robotic, Castiel returned to his seat on the couch.
“He says he fell asleep,” Dean didn't look up from his phone and Gabriel let out a sound of chagrin.
When Dean made it back to the kitchen, Gabriel was sitting at the table, sorting through the mail.  The groceries were still in their boxes strewn over the tiled floor.
With a hard swallow, Dean considered whether he truly wanted to play submissive.  Sure, he wanted to learn the role better, wanted to explore his kinks.  But more than that, he was quickly beginning to
Dean sidled up real close and pressed his face into Castiel's neck.  He was smiling. Regardless of the ever-changing tides of their relationship, Dean was happy.  They were figuring themselves out and getting through it together.
Dean felt his weight shift on the mattress as Castiel climbed into bed.  A warm hand settled on his back and Dean whispered a short greeting to let Cas know he was still awake.
“Why?  Is something wrong?  You want to talk about it?”  Garth pulled himself out from the hood and leaned on the truck’s bumper.
As he changed designs, Dean rewarded his subject with soft words of praise and generous kisses.  When Dean thought that Cas was sedated enough to manage new bindings over his chest, he began to unwind the hemp.
Castiel trailed tiny kisses along Dean's jaw before sucking his earlobe into his mouth.  His teeth grazed the soft flesh and Dean's head fell back against the door.  Dean turned away, exposing the sensitive skin of his neck.  Nuzzling into him, Castiel exhaled hot and heavy.  It took more than a few minutes to regain his composure, but neither was in a rush to move.
