They were dozens of feet below the surface of the Earth. Very few people knew that these tunnels even existed. They didn't even know that the land the tunnels were
"I just wanted to." Tony smirked.
"Hello, Lara," was Dante's response.
Once they were inside, the Chief of Police walked right up to them. He fumblingly apologized for the unwanted attention, blaming it all on a rookie who posted that the Avengers were coming on Facebook. Hill didn't even dignify the apology with a response and demanded that they be taken to where Sharpton was being held.
"I'm sorry for burdening you with all of this, Anne. I just have no idea who I could go to with this."
"Were you like that during the meeting?" Clint shook his head.
Nothing was said as the two went about their assigned tasks. Oswin could be heard through the laptop's speakers lifting stuff and moving as swiftly as possible to be able to meet Knežević on time. Knežević, meanwhile, was forced to move slowly through the city blocks as not to draw attention to himself. Going eighty in a twenty-five would attract police attention, so he obeyed the posted speed limit.
"Because we don't think that way anymore," Tony said. "Being gay isn't considered a disease. You can't go to jail for being gay and you certainly won't get thrown into a mental asylum for it. We don't even have mental asylums anymore. We have humane hospitals that do their best to treat people with actual mental illnesses, not lock away anyone who doesn't fit within the norms of society. In fact, being gay is slowly becoming a normal thing in society. I mean, we still have a long way and forty-five states to go but we're definitely lightyears ahead of where we were sixty-five years ago." Steve was silent again. "You okay?"
"The Arc Reactor," Tony said. "They consider it an unnecessary health risk."
Once he was able to stand up straight again, the CDC workers and S.H.I.E.L.D. doctors surrounded him and demanded answers. "How do you feel?" "What symptoms are you experiencing?" "Rate your discomfort on a scale of one to ten." "How close were you to Agent Barton when he opened the letter?" "Did you get any of the powder on you?"
"There's no such thing," Tony deadpanned.
"And you injected me with an unknown substance and forced me to save myself." Romanoff's face fell.
"Oh…" he said. "Yeah, that should… Yeah…" With that, Steve leaned back into the couch cushions again, vaguely distressed. Tony squeezed Steve's hand in hopes of giving back all of the support and comfort he had already gotten. The corners of Steve's mouth did twitch upwards momentarily, which did serve to help him.
"Yeah," Stark said. "Because dying is fun." Clint frowned.
"Do you suspect that he may be working for Stark and the Avengers?" Adoniram scoffed at the idea.
"It's not
"He's not dying, though, right?" Bruce shook his head.
"Please, I have no soul." Carol could have sworn she saw a flash of fire and fury as the clerk made that statement.
"His son?" Fury finished for him. Steve nodded. "Yes." Steve looked down as he took in the information. "I'm sorry Stark had to tell you all that. We wanted to break the news to you slowly, but circumstances didn't allow for it."
"What questions are there to ask?"
Slowly, Tony felt Steve's hand come down on top of his. Steve gently ran a thumb over the back of Tony's hand as he looked up. When their eyes met, all Tony could see was a reassuring warmth emanating from those blue-green irises.
"Hey," she said. "Maybe you should sit down."
"I am." Hill's eyes seemed to be scrutinizing her for a moment longer before she lowered her gaze, turning to the driver.
Clint didn't know if he fell asleep or not. All he knew was darkness. He did, however, feel a sudden burst of anxiety, the kind that usually accompanied a nightmare. The strange thing was, that even if he was asleep, he wasn't dreaming, so the sudden burst of anxiety was unexplained. That was, until Clint started thinking more deeply about it.
"It probably isn't," Tony admitted. "But it's not like it can be helped. We're in crisis-mode and I can't leave Pepper to deal with it by herself, especially when I technically haven't been to work in two weeks." Steve still looked like he had reservations, but nodded, nonetheless.
Unfortunately, it didn't end like that. Without warning, something massive came screeching across the sky. It zoomed right past Clint and only stopped when it collided with the house. There were an explosion and Clint were thrown back at least fifty feet. He could feel every scrape, bump, and scratch as he hit the ground. It was all oh-so-painful, but it was nothing in comparison to the emotional agony Clint was thrown in.
"Oh, and Salinas." He stopped as he finished unlocking the door and turned to face Adoniram again.
sleeping together) and said nothing about it. He didn't know if Rhodey had pieced it together or not, but Tony assured him that if Rhodey did, he wouldn't publicly out him. Apparently, when Tony and Rhodey were college roommates there was an incident involving a sock falling off a door and that's how Rhodey found out? (Steve wasn't sure, that's just how it got told to him.) Regardless, Rhodey knew long before Tony was publicly outed and didn't tell anyone. If Rhodey figured it out Steve could trust him not to say anything about him either. Hence, he and Tony hadn't been together around other people for a long time, and now they were and that was stirring up old thoughts and worries for Steve.
"Now go to your room," Mrs. Barnes said. "Your father is going to want to speak with you as soon as he gets home. Bucky nodded and complied, stepping out of the bathroom and down the hall. Mrs. Barnes' gaze became sympathetic as she turned it on to Steve's mother. "I am so sorry, Sarah. I have no idea what got into that girl, but I'll tell you it's going to get knocked out of her
Natasha shot Clint a dirty look at the use of the affectionate term he reserved solely for Laura but once she got a look at the cover, she understood why. Although most of the cover was taken up by a picture of one of the Kardashian sisters, a little box in the right-hand corner of the cover had a candid photo of her and Clint walking together, presumably after the Battle of New York given their disheveled appearance and the fact that she could see what looked like Thor behind them. The caption underneath read, "Hawkeye and Black Widow: Avengers Power Couple?" Nat couldn't help it. She burst out laughing, further earning the ire of the concierge.
"I wanted you to get help." Stark raised both of his eyebrows. "Specifically, what I wrote was that you were showing some alarming behavioral signs – specifically alcoholism and signs of PTSD and depression. However, I'm not equipped to diagnose you, so I highly suggested that you be evaluated by an actual psychiatrist and only be allowed onto the team once they felt you were capable of handling it."
"Could Pepper suggest anything?" Natasha asked.
I'll be back with a new chapter on 1/1/21. I just want to get past the holidays without having to keep up with posting. Even with the pandemic, things are hectic. Hopefully, I'll be able to finish this story by this time next year!
"What are you talking about?" Bruce asked.
Here comes the lecture, he thought.
"Except it does." Tony pretended not to hear that half-muttered comment. Instead, he took a sip off his glass and stole another sidelong glance at Steve. This time when he looked at Steve, however, he saw Steve looking at him rather concerned.
"Excuse me, sir," she said. "But you're not supposed to be back here."
"He has a point," Clint agreed. Hill sighed.
"Heh," One of the cops scoffed. "He's bluffing."
Normally on weekends, Lara would go up to her younger brother Victor's house in Nyack, New York. This was partially because she loved her little brother and wanted to see him, and partially because she didn't trust her neighbors not to steal her mail or her laundry or her car. So, her weekends gave her time to head up there to take care of those chores and indulge in being able to drive herself somewhere rather than having to rely on the train. However, it had been only been a couple of days since she had finally been allowed to return to her own apartment and she didn't want to pack everything up again when she'd just gotten back. So, instead she stayed at her apartment in Hell's Kitchen, just trying to catch up on some rest and relaxation time.
"My what?" That one seemed strange, but it was the future, so it could be a completely normal question.
"Yeah," Clint said with a note of sorrow in his voice. "I'm sorry for scaring you like that."
"And you're scared now that you're not going to get to say goodbye to Stark?" Natasha asked.
"Alright." For a second, Tony hoped that Steve would reach out to comfort him in some way, but he knew that wasn't going to happen. Tony sighed. As much as he wished that he had been able to come out on his own, Tony had to admit that being in the closet absolutely sucked.
"I ran because of Betty," he admitted. "When it… When the Other Guy happened… The very first time… She got hurt. She was in a coma for three weeks; in and out of the hospital for six months, and it was my fault. I had other reasons to leave – General Ross and the US Army wanted to weaponize the Hulk – but my biggest reason for leaving was her. I didn't want to hurt her again.
I will not be updating this fic at all during the month of August. The reason why is because my depression peaks around August (always has for some reason, I don't know why) and also because I have no events going on in August. My post dates usually revolve around holidays (like the Fourth of July), significant dates in the fandom (characters' birthdays, release dates for new content, anniversaries, etc.), or dates that have significance to me (family members' birthdays, dates I just have special attachments to) and sadly there's not a lot of these in August. I will still be writing, though. Although I usually take a break from posting, I don't stop writing. I usually use this time to stock up on chapters and allow myself to get ahead of the game. As I'm writing this I have chapters twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen already written and I'm working on chapter eighteen. I'm constantly paranoid that I'm going to catch up to myself and not have anything left to post, so hopefully, I can add a few more chapters to that list by the end of August.
"Come now," they said. "It is time for you to learn the true meaning of pain."
From out of nowhere, the beast came leaping with arms outstretched. He managed to catch Tony without hurting him before grabbing onto the side of a nearby building and sliding down before landing on his back. Steve and Thor jogged over to them and Thor quickly rolled Tony onto his back. Steve crouched down beside Tony and quickly took notice of the darkened Arc Reactor and the fact that the suit wasn't intaking or expelling air.
"He doesn't want people
"Yeah," Tony said. "I just wish I didn't do that."
Steve and Tony had talked about plenty of other things, but for some reason, he homed in on that simple conversation starter. He wanted to draw something red now. Was that weird? It probably was, but who cared? Now, he had bigger things that he probably should be worried about.
"Right," Tony said with another nod.
"If it's all the same to you," he found himself saying. "I'll have that drink now." The Hulk gave out what seemed to be a snort of indignation, but the rest seemingly gave no response, just stared daggers at him for a few seconds. Eventually, the Hawkeye lowered his bow and the Black Widow handed the scepter over to Thor. Within seconds, each of them was grabbing one of his arms and pinning them behind his back.
"So good," she answered. "I mean, not as good as non-diabetic ice cream, but good enough to suffice."
"Okay," he said. "I'll see you in an hour." Steve nodded in agreement.
"I love you, too," she said. "I'll give the kids a hug and kiss for you."
"I'm fine," Tony assured, looking away. "Don't worry about me."
The next thing that Bruce knew, the elevator was chiming, and he and Lara were stepping inside. Just as the door clicked shut, Lara spoke up.
The one good thing was that they were still together, even if they were separated by shower stalls. Although the running water was loud, they could still hear each other and have conversations, which was both a good and bad thing.
Getting the message, Clint swallowed and instead said "that's a good decision you made, Tony. I think I can say we're all proud of you for it."
They stood there for a few minutes in absolute silence. Tony kept his focus on getting his breathing under control while Steve kept an eye out for any passersby. He kept repeating to himself that they wouldn't get in trouble for this, but still, as he learned over the past couple of days, old habits die hard. Eventually, Tony was calm enough to pull away a little bit but kept his hands firmly on Steve's waist.
To get to the cafeteria from the waiting room he was at, Tony had to go out to the front area and go around to the other side of the building. It seemed like a pain and he was sure there was a faster way, but he was too tired and far too hungry to tolerate even potentially getting lost, so he made the wise decision to just follow the directions given to him by the nurse earlier. It was a good thing he did, too, because otherwise he probably would have missed Steve.
"What?" Betty looked confused for a second before it dawned on her. "Oh! No, the wedding hasn't happened yet." She broke off the handshake and held up her left hand to show only an engagement ring on her finger. "We've set the date, though; July Fourteenth."
"Yeah," he said. "It really wasn't that bad. What about you?" Steve frowned.
Awhile after Tony gave S.H.I.E.L.D. the Captain America files, JARVIS notified him that Pepper was calling. He told the AI to put her on hold while he found a quiet place to take the call. When he did, he finally caught sight of the time – three-thirty in the afternoon. Meaning that Pepper had probably already landed in LA and that he had probably fallen asleep at some point because it didn't feel like that much time had gone by. Regardless, he didn't hesitate in picking up the phone, but he was preempted by Pepper in answering it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"And yet I still see no badge or search warrant." Clint let out a groan.
"I'm feeling well, too," He said. "I haven't had an incident since…" Natasha knew what he meant. He didn't need to say anymore.
Remember kids, Tony definitely wasn't lying and just wanted to cuddle with Steve during a thunderstorm. Nope, that is not what happened! ;)
"Is there anything else that he did to Tony?" he asked. "Anything that I should know about?"
"Why didn't I foresee this?" he wondered aloud. "I'm supposed to be the futurist for God's sake." Steve chuckled as he rubbed Tony's shoulders.
On the other side, the puppy sat waiting for him. Despite the agonizing pain his cries would suggest he was in, Clint could see that the dog was perfectly fine. Too fine, in fact. He was trying to play innocent, but he wasn't going to fall for it. He picked the puppy up and held him so that they were eye-level with each other. Instantly, the puppy started licking Clint's nose.
he thought.
"No," he said. "Just worried."
"That wasn't your call to make," Smith said. "Nor was it mine, sadly." Tony's eyebrows narrowed.
It started off as a still image of one of the emergency exits somewhere inside the parking garage under the Tower. Well, it wasn't really a still image. It was just that nothing was happening on-screen. That was, until Freeman stepped into frame.
You better enjoy this chapter, 'cause it's the last one you're getting until September.
"You have my word."
"Really," Tony said. "Are you sure?"
"Mr. Stark," he heard an exasperated woman's voice say. "We've run every test we're capable of performing here. All of them came back normal for a man of your height and weight, and scans showed that none of the shrapnel around your heart has moved. You're perfectly fine. There's nothing wrong."
Slowly, he made his way over to Steve's side of the bed and sat on the edge, careful not to disturb him. For the most part, Steve was a light sleeper, so its surprised Tony that he didn't wake him up with the nightmare. Then again, it had been a rough few days and he doubted Steve had slept much either. Tony smiled. Steve always looked so beautiful when he was asleep. His face was tensionless, and he looked even younger than he usually did. It never failed to captivate Tony.
"I'm sorry," Duran said. "Did you not just hear me? Matter of national security? Ring any bells?"
"Uh… They're mine?" Lara narrowed her eyes. Just simply the fact that it was stated as a question told her that this wasn't the case.
"Try what?" she asked.
"But, are they enough?" Freeman questioned. "Are they enough against the might of the Kree?"
"Good, I guess," Bruce said. "I've been trying to pick my research up where I left off. Although, I have to admit that I'm now looking less for a cure than I am trying to find answers as to what went wrong."
"So what?" Steve asked. "You're saying that you didn't recommend him and reject him at the same time?"
Thank you to Sanisra on AO3 for leaving a comment! It really means a lot!
"Let them grid themselves," Loki dismissed as an illusionary image of himself appeared in front of the Other. "I will lead them into glorious battle."
"I'd like to propose a toast," he said. "To the man who believed in us, even when we didn't; the one who looked at us, saw what we could be, and didn't give up on us. To the heart of the Avengers, Phil Coulson." Tony held up his glass.
Happy All Saints Day! I hope all Bostonians enjoy this wonderful day of reckless vigilantism!
"Why?" Steve questioned. "For believing?"
"Is there a way to lock up the bar?" Natasha asked.
Remember kids, long live the king. You will always be in our hearts, Chadwick Boseman.
"'At this end?'" Fury questioned. Clint was a little surprised that he didn't catch on to the obvious.
"No, no," he rushed to assure. "That's fine. I can do it myself. You need to get some rest."
"Fine," she said. "Just know there is probably an orphan hospital somewhere in the galaxy that's going to burn to the ground because I wasn't there to save it."
Tony normally wouldn't have so readily agreed to allow the cops to run around the building unsupervised, especially when the building had already been broken into by God-knows-who and with what intentions, but at the same time he felt like he was about to keel over in a devastating coughing fit. So, he decided it would be best to let Pepper answer for him and escape at the first possible opportunity.
"Right away, Sir."
"Yes." A pained expression came across Tony's face. So, there was a video of him being a drunk jerk. That was nothing new. At least it wasn't a sex tape. Still, he couldn't help but feel ashamed of himself, especially if…
"Do I need to keep my eyes on it the whole time or can I shower and take a nap?" Tony sighed.
"Understood, Sir," JARVIS replied.
This was good. Not ideal, but good. Thanos was, at the very least, considering his offer. That kept him alive for a bit longer. It also allowed the edges of a plan to form in Loki's mind. He wasn't entirely sure of all the details yet, but he could easily work with the foundation he had built. Once given complete control of the remains of Midgard, Loki could easily create an army to invade Asgard. Humans were very feeble-minded creatures. As soon as they accepted him as their new ruler, he could easily lead them into battle and regain control of the throne of Asgard. He could see it already. Oh, it was so glorious.
"Yeah, well not this time." Tony turned back to the cops again, who was still in the parking lot, sitting on their hands. He let out a sigh of exasperation. "Seriously? You know I could really use some help down here!" One of the cops shouted something unintelligible. "What?" The cop shouted again, but Tony's attention was pulled away by the sound of feet kicking up sand and bare skin slamming against metal.
Once they had gotten their food and returned to the lounge, Bruce sat down on the floor next to Lara, while Rhodey slid off the couch and onto the floor so Pepper could have a place to sit. Tony did a quick introduction between Pepper and Carol from where he sat in Steve's lap. He did his best to explain who Carol was and how they knew her in as few sentences as possible so as not to disturb those watching the movie (Steve.) Thankfully, it didn't take much to get Pepper to understand and once they were officially introduced, she greeted Carol with kindness.
"What line of text?" she asked.
"No," Lara said, looking away from the document she was reading with wide eyes of alarm. "If that's the case, then we'd have to deal with this again! I'm not doing this again! At least, not for another three months!"
Tony's eyes squeezed shut, and he was gripping the edges of the plastic bowl in his hands tightly. Both his head and stomach were throbbing, and the fact that he was in constant motion didn't help with that one bit. In retrospect, getting on the plane was probably a bad idea, but Tony just wanted to go back to his apartment, curl up on his air mattress, and wait for death. Air travel was the fastest means to that end, so he would have to endure the suffering until he reached his destination.
"You are going to be the death of me," he said.
"Let's blow this popsicle stand." Fury plopped a cap down on her head. Carol pulled it off and turned it around, revealing that the S.H.I.E.L.D. logo was embolized across it. "Still doing the logo thing?"
Why do I have the Black Eyed Peas stuck in my head when most of the inspiration for this chapter came from listening to Ed Sheeran? I don't think I'll ever know the answer to that. Anyway, happy first day of Fall, everyone! I hope you enjoyed this chapter and I hope you enjoy the equinox as much as I do! (Fall is my favorite season!)
"He's taken care of," Hill assured. "Dr. Wayne is continuing to monitor him along with Romanoff and we have doctors and agents monitoring the situation. If anything happens, we'll know."
"There isn't really a trick to it," she admitted. "It's just something I can do."
"Not a phone." That was the best answer he could come up with, because God only knew what kind of high-tech communication devices Carol owned. It was probably only something he could create in his wildest dream's wildest dream.
"Yes." Tony leaned forward, putting his elbows on the table in front of him and his head in his hands.
"Got it," Carol said, giving him a thumbs up. "We're cool."
That was where his memory started getting spotty. He could remember training; the serum and what it did to him; Captain America; Hydra… It all seemed disjointed, though, like he was missing some pieces – names and faces, dates and places. It all seemed to blur together and mesh into one big event that he could barely even wrap his head around. Moments came by in flashes and Steve tried desperately to cling to them as they passed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm sorry," she said earnestly. Bruce shook his head.
Turns out the reason why I felt so sick yesterday was that I have the stomach flu. Great...
"They aren't," Steve said. "They just want to ask you how to help you, so you don't get drunk and wander off again."
I'm a hot mess, but what's new? At least I'm not fearing for my life as much anymore.
…Then the room began to shake.
"That's TBD as of right now," Clint said. "I'm going to be having a doctor coming in to check on me every few days, so hopefully they'll pull me off before too long."
"I can't say." Tony raised his eyebrows.
. Did you even read it?"
"Shut up," she laughed. "But still, I haven't been to a rager like that in a long time. I'm glad your mom could take Luke."
"Director Fury."
"Yes," he said. "I was up here at one AM resetting this piece of crap because one of you shit-bags hit the fire button."
Tony and Lara looked slightly disappointed as the reminded him to come down to the dining room for breakfast and promptly left his suite. Well, at least now Bruce knew to expect them. It was probably safer that way.
"0.5?" She questioned. "I don't even get a whole percentage point? I was the one who had to sit on FaceTime with you while you told me which wires went where."
"We needed all the electrical outlets available to power the machines," he said. "Unfortunately, you're in for a long wait. It's going to take anywhere from twenty-four to thirty-six hors for the blood test results to come back."
"Thank you," Lara said as she moved to stand beside Pepper. Pepper, however, didn't even acknowledge that Lara said anything, instead keeping her eyes on the officer in front of her.
want to have to break that up." Tony wanted to respond with an obscene gesture but decided to let it go. He had already won the war. No need to rub her face in it.
"Hello yourself." Steve then turned his gaze to Pepper. "Where's your car?"
"Yup," Oswin said, popping the "p". "So long as I don't get caught filming, but I don't think that's going to be a problem.
There was a poignant pause as everyone took in the weight of the others' apologies. The air in the room was tense as they stood, unsure of how to break it. It was Clint's chuckling that eventually did it.
"Mr. Stark," she said. "If you would just please follow me…"
Steve let Lara lead him into the kitchenette even though he knew it was a waste of time. They didn't find Tony in the pantry or any of the cabinets and moving to the living area was even more pointless as they could clearly see under the furniture and knew Tony wasn't there either. Steve sort of understood what she was doing. She was trying to keep him from panicking for the moment. If she kept him busy there was a chance that Tony would miraculously appear out of nowhere and all of this would be resolved without anyone devolving into hysterics. That isn't what happened, though. By the time they had checked the rest of the suite down to the bedroom closest, all she had done was confirm Steve's fears; Tony wasn't in the suite at all.
"I can already see the looks on their faces," he said. "They're going to have that 'oh shit' look. You know the one…"
It didn't matter what they were doing or where they were, Steve felt completely content and at ease when he was around Tony. In fact, it was the only time he ever felt anything resembling happy anymore. Yes, on the outside Tony could be rather arrogant and narcissistic, but once you get past that he was a very nice person. Steve liked asking Tony about his tech. He had a hard time keeping up with what Tony was saying once he got started on that subject but seeing how happy and in-the-zone Tony was always made Steve's heart quiver and caused a smile of his own to come to his face.
Despite the rather frisky start to his morning, Tony found the quality of his day severely deteriorating from there. It seemed that the world had decided that he had not suffered enough lately and decided to dump piles of paperwork onto his desk. He and Lara were struggling to sort through it all on their own. At one point, Lara questioned if it was in the budget for her to hire her own personal assistant – most of her reasoning being "two people can't do this themselves. Maybe three can" – but Tony shot down that idea fairly quickly. The last thing they needed to do was start to create a chain of people to try to manage each other. All that would end up doing is creating another company, and the one he already had took too much work. The two of them did not even notice when Pepper poked her head into the office.
That was about when Steve walked into the apartment. Bucky and Rebecca both went silent, but neither one emerged from their bedroom. Mrs. Barnes let out an exasperated sigh.
"Is it a person?" Bruce asked.
Stretching, Lara stood up, putting on her coat and pulling her messenger back up onto her shoulder.
"Yeah," Steve said. "You're going to lay down and go to sleep and when you wake up everything will be better." That was clearly a lie, but he doubted Tony would care in the morning when he was well-rested, and his mind had enough time to process the emotions he was feeling in the fallout of all of this. Still, Tony hesitated.
"So, you're Steve Rogers…" Steve realized the voice that the person was a man. "Or, supposedly you are. I wouldn't put it past S.H.I.E.L.D. to lie to me. They have in the past and I'm sure they will again, but that's a spy agency for you. I should have expected that."
"Not true," Thor said. "Jane told me that you have a species called 'ostrich' which she supposed one could ride if they truly desired." Loki made an audible noise of disgust at the mention of Jane's name.
"Are you sure?" she asked.
"There," he said. "Now you have to sleep."
Although her mind was abuzz with possibilities, Lara didn't miss the sound of her name being called; her first name. She knew panicking and trying to fix the problem from the outset wasn't a good idea, but with Dante she didn't want to take chances, especially when she was on the stairs. Reaching for the bottle of pepper spray she was now keeping clipped to the inside of her pants, she whipped around, ready to attack at the first provocation. In doing so, she smashed into two people and was called a very nasty name. She also found that her panic was undue as it was Bruce who called her name and he was only a few steps behind her.
Originally Posted to FFN on 7/4/18.
"What time did you get back?" she asked.
"What's wrong, baby?" he asked.
Duane Freeman patiently waited his turn in line for the breakfast buffet. He hadn't done anything out of the ordinary, nor had he contacted anyone since stepping in line. As far as anyone could tell, there was nothing suspicious about him. Natasha knew better, though, and kept a close eye on him.
"Because I override him and locked the door in front of you." Tony frowned, wondering how Rhodey could have so much access if he wasn't…
"To make a statement," he said. "Show a point. It's very much possible that there was a political message there."
"JARVIS told me," he explained. "He said you woke back up shortly after I left this morning and that you didn't go back to sleep again until around four. I figured it was probably best to let you catch up on that sleep." Steve sighed.
"Hey guys," Lara said as she ran up to them. Her ponytail was a wind-whipped mess and she was breathing rather heavily – likely because she had just run up over forty flights of stairs. "I was just downstairs… Wanted to let you know… Pepper's been seen by EMS…"
"Well, Steve," she said. "You wouldn't mind stepping outside for a minute, would you?"
They all watched as Tony took it in low, the creature following closely behind him, snapping its jaws at his feet. Cars were crushed and thrown to opposite sides of the street. Slowly, Bruce started to approach the enormous alien.
"They shut down Park Avenue," Tony explained. "So, once you get outside just follow the directions of the police and National Guard. They'll get you off the island safely."
The therapist's office was directly across from the elevator, so they didn't have to go looking for it. A receptionist who looked far too chipper for someone who was being forced to work on a Saturday greeted them. Tony checked himself in and the woman handed him a stack of papers to fill out before gesturing over to where they all could take a seat until the therapist was ready.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Who?" Clint was absolutely baffled.
"Yeah, I figured." Tony rubbed at his forehead. "So, what is it that S.H.I.E.L.D. needs me to consult on at this ungodly hour?"
"What did you find onboard the downed aircraft?" Hill didn't mince words and got right to the point.
"Ma'am, are you alright?" Lara forced a very feeble nod.
I currently have no idea where I'm going to be when this chapter gets posted. I could be at home, I could be at a hotel. Who knows? The only thing I do know is that if you missed the last chapter, I'm sorry. I used the FFN app to post and I saw that the e-mail looked different than the one that's normally sent out. My bad. So, if you missed the last chapter, go back and re-read it and make sure to review/comment/favorite/follow/leave kudos! :)
"Is that the only word on me?" Bruce looked around and wrung his knuckles together.
"Okay, why the rush?" Carol shook her head.
Oswin scoffed.
"Not for certain," Natasha said. "But it appears from the surveillance footage that Metro Police were called to break up a large gathering and Stark somehow got caught up in the confusion." Hill nodded.
"I'm sorry about that," she said. "Everyone seems to want to crawl up my ass at once."
For a moment, he pondered the idea of going to sleep. However, a little voice in the back of his head reminded him that falling asleep when you might have hypothermia wasn't a good idea. Something about dying in your sleep…? He wasn't sure, but it was enough for him to force himself to keep his eyes from drooping shut. A few moments later, Salinas reappeared. He had two blankets draped over his arm (one of which was the same shade of blue as Steve's uniform, which made the corners of Tony's lips rise a little bit), a pair of slippers and a pair of socks in one hand and a glass of water in the other. Salinas put the water down on the coffee table and handed him the blankets.
be real – but he just wanted to stop being yanked from one to the other so violently.
"I'm aware," he confirmed. "Please tell me you've been doing something to prevent harm from befalling him."
"And if it does, I'll be right there with you," Steve assured. "We'll get through it together."
"Well, in any case, the most I can tell either of you is to sit tight. Hopefully, we'll get this all straightened out soon enough." Clint nodded and Stark made some noise of agreement as well. The doctor left without another word.
"Sorry." Steve sighed before standing up.
"Like I said, flare." Rhodey shook his head.
"Listen," Pepper said. "I don't know how you met Tony or how you got here, but I'm going to have to ask you to leave now. It's almost noon and he's a busy man. He needs to get to work."
"Sir, I couldn't find any results for the name you asked me to search for, but while searching for law enforcement databases it came to my attention that the FBI put out a BOLO for a man they believe to be involved with the Stark Industries robbery." Tony's eyes went wide and he immediately tuned away from Steve.
"That's fine," she said. "We can discuss that later, privately…"
"You're free to raid my cardboard box on the side of the Pacific Coast Highway." Oswin couldn't help but laugh at that.
"Oh," Tony sighed with disappointment. Carol sucked in the corner of her mouth and pulled her hand back.
"Because of what?" Tony said as he pulled himself up to his feet. "Don't be shy. Share with the class because I really don't understand what I did wrong." Steve felt a sharp pang go through his chest.
"Are you nervous about that?" Lara shrugged.
"I'm just being realistic," he said. "I'm going to be heading to breakfast. You're all welcome to join me and I suggest you do it soon. We don't have long until we have to be leaving for the
"I made sure to get wheat bread at the store," he said. "I know you can't have anything else."
A woman by the name of Treasa stepped up to the microphone. She was wearing blue jeans and white polo with a black hoodie over it, so it wasn't obvious that she was associated with the group asking all the strange questions. Her question was for Steve.
"Ladies and gentlemen," he announced. "This is the apocalypse!"
"He calls himself Loki," the creature said. "A son of Odin and the Sitting Regent of Asgard."
"We're a team," Romanoff said. "We're supposed to look out for each other."
One joke, he thought to himself. One stupid joke! You can't take one stupid joke? How old are you? Five? Tony buried his face in the pillow and let out one long frustrated huff of air. He hadn't even been a part of the conversation. He just happened to be walking by (sneaking past) his father and a few of his business associates to get a nice, non-alcoholic refreshment (steal some booze) when he happened to hear someone (take a guess) crack an extremely homophobic joke. Honestly Tony wouldn't have reacted that bad – he'd heard worse before – if he didn't hear his father laugh at it. That absolutely hurt, so much so that Tony just couldn't stand to be there any longer. He immediately turned right back around and marched upstairs, ignoring the concerned calls of his mother as he went.
The car gave a jerk as it backed over the VHS tape and the distinctive sound of plastic cracking could be heard, but Rhodey was not satisfied. He shifted the car to dive and ran over the tape again. He backed over the tape at least three more times before he finally felt that it was good and thoroughly destroyed. After that, he pulled out of the driveway and sped down the road, leaving behind the mess of scattered plastic splinters and ruined film tape across the pavement.
"I wish," Natasha quipped back. "That would have been so much more entertaining than explaining to your boyfriend that we don't care if he's gay and the rest of S.H.I.E.L.D. probably doesn't either." Tony felt a flutter of excitement run through his chest, especially when Steve didn't try to correct her. He probably would have started jumping up and down like a giddy schoolgirl, if it wasn't for the fact that he had aliens on hoverbikes tailing him; trying to shoot him down.
Within moments she could feel an unfamiliar presence coming close to her. She surged forward, pinning the potential predator now turned prey against the wall hard. She brought the knife up and positioned it inches from Stark's eye, ready to…
"I would have to agree with that conclusion." Lara nodded as she grabbed a knife from one of the kitchen drawers. It wasn't deathly sharp and probably wouldn't do much against an AK-47, but it would work in a pinch if she needed it to.
"Oh shit," she said. "I'm sorry. I just…"
"Oh really?" Carol's head jerked back to attention, turning to the woman on the other side of the panel. "Well, that's wonderful! I'll let her know right away! Alright. It was an honor speaking to you, Brother Ryan. Goodbye."
"Alright," Steve said. "I think I'm experiencing all of those…" Although, Steve had to admit the drugs seemed to be doing their job. He had never felt so comfortably numb in his entire life, even if his mind was spinning with questions as to where he was and what happened. It was both pleasant and terrifying.
"We're not going to force Stark to do anything he doesn't want to do," Clint said. "If he says no… Hell, if he doesn't even want to speak with us, we'll leave. Pressuring him into help isn't going to help."
"A tool," the creature said. "A key to another world, a world rife for destruction."
"Yes," Rawls said. Tony began to mentally prepare himself for the worst. "The bad news is that the strep test came back positive. We'll get you on a round of antibiotics to treat that right away." Tony nodded, urging her to get on with it. "The good news is that the HIV test came back negative." Tony and Pepper let out simultaneous breaths of relief with Tony falling back against the pillows, a broad grin on his face.
Yay! Rhodey's here! Now I can stop feeling guilty about underutilizing him because look, I'm utilizing him now! Also, I don't know if you can tell, but these next couple of chapters are going to be the two-shot I originally planned on making separate from this story, so we're going to take a bit of a detour here, but hopefully, it'll be worth it!
While Tony had been talking, Steve had walked right up to the countertop and picked it up almost effortlessly. It was only then that Tony remembered that his boyfriend could literally bench press a bus. He frowned.
"Home." Lara rolled her eyes at her own mistake. "Well, not home; my friend's house, but all the same, it's the end of the day and I just want dinner and sleep."
"Holy crap," was all Bruce could manage to say. His thoughts were reeling as he tried to comprehend the reality of the situation. There was a moisture strip included with the envelope. The only reason someone would have done that would be to keep the powder hydrated and alive, meaning that the powder was alive. Only bad things could come from that.
"Auntie!" Audrey continued to call. "Where are you? You forgot to pick us up at church camp! Deacon Whalen had to give us a ride back home! Auntie! Auntie!"
Steve's face blanched and all the air disappeared from his lungs. His eyes remained frozen on Pepper. Swallowing hard, he tried to get his erratic heartbeat under control.
"What about Barton?" Tony asked.
"Well, I think that was meant for you," Bruce turned to Tony and said. Tony held out the bag of blueberries for Bruce to take a few. "Even if Barton didn't tell Loki about the tower, it was still all over the news."
Since Sharpton failed to kill the Avengers with her biological weapon, Salinas and Freeman have some explaining to do.
"What?" Betty took a step to the side, gesturing to the lenses.
"I'll believe that when I see it," he said. Carol approached the bed and held her hand out to him.
"No," Natasha said. "It wasn't just a joke. Not to them. They thought you had actually been murdered."
"Hey, how are you doing?" Lara jolted like she had just received an electric shock. Her hand let go of the ball and Lucky pounced on it. The ball ended up bouncing away from him, so the dog set off on a wild chase for it across the kitchen. Lara did not notice, though, as she was too busy taking in her surroundings and remembering what she was doing.
"No?" she questioned.
"Likewise, Miss…"
"Alright then," she said. "I'll settle for being a fun aunt."
"No," he said. "I know it's irrational. They're not going to hurt him. They can't and it'd be stupid to try."
and loud, metallic
"Sorry about that," he said. "That was our fault. You see, we're looking for our friend…" Steve didn't get to finish before a bout of insane laughter erupted from the man. Instinctively, he reached out his arm to push the people closest to him (which happened to be Bruce and Natasha) back.
"I said some," he pointed out. "Not at all."
"What?" Pepper's eyes narrowed at the bearer of bad news. "When? Why? How?"
"JARVIS," he said. "What's going on in the building?"
. So, Lara relented and agreed to at least try it.
"That I did, that I did." Tony felt someone tap on his shoulder. Annoyed, he turned back around to look at Romanoff. "You're ruining the moment again."
"I don't
"So, what do you think?" Clint asked Natasha as they stepped off the elevator. From the way her mouth was set, he knew he wasn't going to like what she was about to say.
"Uh, I don't know about the map," Oswin said. "But if you need to give the taxi service directions, we're on South Grevillea Avenue in Lennox."
"It could be," Betty admitted. "But until we get the results back from the CDC, we should probably act under the assumption that this is the real deal." Bruce's eyes narrowed and his head lowered, but he still nodded.
"I'm not implying it," he said. "I'm stating it. Yes, I'm a member of the Peoples Unity Church. What's the problem with that?"
Merry Christmas!
"Such a sweet little boy!"
"Yeah," Steve said. "Why would I offer to help if I wasn't serious?"
"Tony," Steve said. "I'm going to tell you something, and I want you to listen well. I meant every single word I said that night on the hellicarier, and it still stands true even now. I… I like you. I want to be your everything just like you're my everything. I'd have nothing if I didn't have you. You almost sacrificed yourself to save the whole world. You deserve every piece of affection I or anyone else gives you and please, please never doubt that. You are wanted for you, by me if not anyone else. Do you understand?"
"Mostly, she talked about her struggles with alcoholism." Natasha's expression softened.
"Technically it's two-hundred miles," Tony said as if that solved the problem.
"No," Thor assured. "We can, together." Loki looked at his brother as the dam began to burst. Within seconds his right hand shot out, his knife going straight into Thor's side. He couldn't remember what he'd been thinking about before, all that he did know was that Thor tried to appeal to him again and he just didn't want to hear it.
(See the end of the chapter for
The four Avengers started making their way to the south-west stairwell. It was eerily quiet when they stepped inside, as it would be since they were the only ones using it. Clint's mind filled the silence by tallying the moments he likely had left to live. Unsurprisingly, it came out to be far too few.
"Everyone said that it seemed to come out of nowhere," Tony pointed out.
Instantly the room exploded into a state of chaos. People began to run about, grabbing things and talking over each other. Some went hastily to dial numbers on the desk phones while others donned bright green safety vests and headed for the exits. Lara watched all of this in a stunned silence.
"I think you just listed several reasons there a few minutes ago," Tony said. "Not to mention the plain fact that I'm a pretty widely despised individual…" Lara scoffed.
"This must be strange for you," he said. "All of this." A pleasant smile graced Steve's face for a few seconds. Looking around, yes, one could easily see how Steve would feel out of place. Yes, while they had aircraft carriers back in World War II, Steve had strangely never been on one before, so that was a new experience in and of itself. Add on top of that the massive amounts of high-tech planes, weaponry, and electronics stationed all over the place and you had the recipe for one out-of-place Super Soldier. However, there was something familiar about it all. The atmosphere, the organized chaos… He felt as if he closed his eyes for at least one second, he could easily pretend he was back in 1945; that he could turn around and Peggy would be standing there, ready to whisk him off to another strategy meeting. However, that wasn't real and while Steve hadn't come to accept all of it yet, he at least accepted that none of that was coming back. Still, he rejoiced in the familiar feeling for just a few moments. No one could blame him for that.
"Dr. Griffith, why do the police need to be called?" Dr. Griffith slowly lets out an anxious breath.
So, he did.
Eventually, he couldn't take it. He had to get up and look around. Slipping out of the room and being careful to softly close the door behind him as not to wake Steve, he turned the flashlight on his phone on and began to meticulously scan the room. He still couldn't see the danger his mind seemed intent on warning him of. Maybe it never existed. Still, it didn't hurt to check.
"How is he?" Jessica pulled a desk chair from the corner of the room over to Stark's bedside and sat down. Carol turned her attention to her wrist computer, hitting a few buttons and pointing the sensor at Stark. Again, the golden beam of light scanned the man's body twice before giving her a notification that the scans were completed.
The events of the previous week quickly came to mind. Stark had admitted it was Clint's murder prank that pushed him to take his first drink of the day, setting into motion a domino effect that currently had Stark writhing in agony two floors above him. He couldn't help but feel some guilt over that. Plus, he threatened Lara's ex over the phone without really thinking about it first. That was probably impulsive and not smart. If the guy truly was a psycho, he could take that as a challenge. Luckily, nothing had come of that yet as far as he could tell. Lara had seemed fine for the two minutes they saw her on Friday before she rushed downstairs to cover for Stark, so maybe he had left her alone.
"Yeah," Lara said. "Bring him back right away."
"Of course," Adoniram said. "But first, there's another matter we need to attend to." He looked Freeman directly in the eye. "I want you to find Sister Grace and tell her that I'm authorizing you to be moved from the Worker's Section to the Disciple's Wing." Freeman's mouth dropped.
"I'll be fine," she said. "Worse comes to worst I get scammed out of a few bucks and we have a good laugh about it."
For the rest of the day, every time Tony had a spare moment, he was watching the video. By five PM, he had to have watched it so many times that a normal person would have probably gone insane. He had watched it during lunch breaks, in between meetings, and during meetings (don't tell Pepper.) Even now, when he was supposed to be doing other work, he was instead watching the video. It didn't occur to him that this might be radically obsessive – even for a distraction – until the sound of a stack of papers slamming against the glass top of his desk startled him out of it.
"Oh, I have no doubt she will," Adoniram said. "Especially if Stark is involved." Salinas nodded in agreement.
It wasn't the boredom that was taking its toll on her, it was the fact that she didn't have anything to distract her from the pain. Every time she closed her eyes she saw Nina being turned to stone. The image of her girlfriend's horrified face in her last moments of life haunted her. She tried talking to the prison psychologist, but that was less than helpful. The only thing that was keeping her from attempting to escape was the fact that this prison was meant to contain people like her and much worse. Oh, so much worse.
Again, I feel like I have to beg you, people, not to kill me. Come on, it wouldn't be a story if nothing bad happened! Although, the bad stuff does seem to disproportionally happen to Tony... I need to fix that.
Thank you to mfaerie 32 and BlueBoulder on FFN for the reviews, and QueenE for the comment on AO3! It really means a lot.
Oswin tried to read his lips but failed miserably. Eventually, Knežević realized that she couldn't hear him, gave up, grabbed her by the wrist, and started pulling her along with him. It wasn't until she saw the flashing red and blue lights in the distance that she finally understood what he was trying to tell her.
"I just did." Within seconds, Tony was in the air. The Chitauri tried to drag him back down into the fight, but he shook them off and started on the warpath to intercept that missile. Within seconds, Natasha's voice came over the comms.
"Not necessarily," she said. "Why?"
"So, what happened?" Maria asked. "They said on the news that a Stark prototype went haywire and ended up crashing into Avengers Tower, but I know better than to believe that. That exhaust trail just looked way too familiar." Carol sighed, expecting nothing less from her best friend.
At that point, everything lapsed into silence. Natasha turned to face the window, clearly not interested in discussing the matter further. Steve relented and turned his gaze to his window. The speed of the car and the pitch blackness of the night made it hard to really see anything, but Steve kept his gaze affixed outside. Honestly, it was much better than trying to push the issue further.
"Good," she said. "And now that we've gotten that out of the way, why don't you start working on getting ready?"
"Trading cards?" Steve questioned.
"Hospital policy." If those words were meant to be apologetic, it was completely lost on Carol.
"Yeah," he said. "I can see that."
"Romanoff could."
"This wasn't a party," Tony scoffed. "It was a group torture session."
"That doesn't mean you hit me!" Dante protested.
"It wasn't your fault I ended up in the hospital that day." A surprised look crossed Bruce's face. "Like I said, Bruce, you apologize when things aren't really your fault. I know that character defect well. If you're still beating yourself up about it, don't. I'm fine. Yeah, I had a few broken bones, but I'm still here. None of us could have predicted that the experiment would take a turn like that. I thought we had Erskine's notes cracked to a T, but apparently, we didn't. It's not your fault, or anyone else's. It was just an accident." Bruce slowly nodded.
Seven rings…
Outside of the hospital, the media circus had thinned a bit, but that meant little as it was still a considerably large crowd. However, hospital security and the police were doing a good job of keeping them back leaving a path to the parking lot clear. So really, all they could do was shout at them as they walked by, and both Rhodey and Happy could easily handle that. Still, it was hard not to think about the kinds of things they would be shouting at Tony in just a few days' time.
"This is him," he said as he pulled the puppy in front of the camera so he could be in the shot with him. The dog's appearance was met with a lot of fanfare.
Tony nodded in agreement but did not say anything else for fear of being pressed for further explanation. He was still trying to figure out how to do this in the right way. He did not want to screw this up. If he did, there would not be any do-overs. No second chances. Nothing. That was it. To say that put some pressure on him would be a dramatic understatement.
were concerned, but Steve couldn't help it. Tony looked so content and peaceful as he slept. Not to mention that he was enjoying the little bit of contact they had a lot more than he probably should. Regardless, the biggest reason why he let Tony continue to sleep without being disturbed was a simple fact that Tony was sick and needed the rest. It was just as simple as that.
"I'm not as okay," he said. "But it's not something we can talk about right now. I promise, I'll tell you later." Tony didn't like how exhausted Steve sounded, but had to admit that he was probably right, so he accepted the assurance for right then.
"I'm not mad at you," he assured. "I'm worried for you."
"What?" Bruce gaped. "Wait, is this a prank?"
At the same time Steve sunk down into that warm bliss, another cold, dreadful thought spawned in the deep recesses of his mind. One that made his stomach clench and fresh tears spring to his eyes.
"My drinking got to the point where my best friend stopped speaking to me," she said. "I don't blame her. She had a young impressionable daughter and I wasn't being a good influence. At that point, I had literally nothing to stop me from drinking and I let it get out of hand. Then there was a situation. It's a very long story, but essentially bad guys were on the moon doing something evil and I tried to stop them while horribly intoxicated. I failed, obviously. That should have been my wake-up call, but it wasn't."
"Not exactly," Stark said. "After we shower, we're going to have to wait for the CDC to make their assessment. They're probably going to quarantine us, too, since we were likely exposed."
"I guess it's a mystery." Lara hummed in agreement.
Before he could, though, he saw movement on the screen and hit the play button. Although he did not really want to watch someone die, he had to find out if this was really what he was seeing before he called the authorities. He and Tony once watched a Japanese horror film called
Tony turned to look behind him while Steve stood up. Sure enough, Commander Hill was striding down the hallway, just as purposeful as ever. It was a safe bet that she was coming from the quarantine area. Tony started to stand as well, anxiety building in the pit of his stomach. He tried to determine by the way Hill carried herself whether the news was good or bad. However, it was useless. Hill was as stoic and calm as ever, with not a single feature betraying that image. She remained non-pulsed, even as she made eye contact with the two of them.
was carved into the stone above the main entrance, but a sign hung up in one of the windows proudly declared its new designation:
"Well, maybe I learned from that." Tony shot him a look that said "really?" "Maybe you should, too." Tony rolled his eyes.
"You've been poisoned," she declared. "By a Kingslayer Jellyfish." Jessica looked at her in sheer disbelief.
"No," Lara said. "But that never stops me from trying."
"You heard me," Betty said. "You're invited to my wedding."
"What do you mean?" Tony narrowed his eyes at her.
"Just, thank you," she said, giving him giving him what had to be a rare, beaming smile. "Thank you."
"Oh, really?" Tony's disbelief was clear on his face. "And how'd that go?"
"The invasion," she said. "Why did you stop it?" Glancing over at the employee standing next to the woman, Tony could see that they clearly weren't expecting her to ask that and were in about as much shock as the rest of the room. He looked towards Freeman and Lara. Lara was staring at the questioner with narrowed eyes while Freeman mouthed to him "don't answer." However, Tony felt compelled to at least say something, especially with all the awkward tension filling the room.
Sorry, it took me so long to upload! 90% of the problem was I was abstaining from going on the internet until I watched the first two episodes of WandaVision and it took me over an hour to break into my Disney+ account. Anyways, on with the show!
"Jesus," was all Nina could say as Duran finished speaking. "You scared the shit out of me."
"Are you serious?" she asked. "You won't delete the video?"
"Of course not," Natasha said. "We bet on whether or not you two would get together."
"Yeah," Lara agreed. "I mean, I hate saying it, but Tony better not get sick. That would only add more onto my plate."
"But I can't be this attached," she said coldly. "You know it, I know it…"
"Better than the alternative?" Bruce suggested.
"You didn't kill him," Natasha said. "That was all Loki."
Tony obliged, shifting a little bit in Steve's arms before resting his head on the pillow and sliding his eyes shut. Steve nuzzled his face against the top of Tony's head and gently pressed a kiss to the corner of his forehead. Tony gave a little hum of approval and Steve started running his fingers through his hair again. All was quiet for a while and Steve thought that Tony had finally drifted off. He was proven wrong about that when he heard Tony's small, sleep-addled voice speak up.
"Always a way out," he said. "You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero."
This was nice. Tony hadn't gotten this drunk it quite a long time and he forgot how good it felt. It was as if all his worries and cares in the world had just melted away. He liked it. He should get this drunk more often.
"Sort of," Lara said sheepishly.
"Yes," the woman said. "But I prefer to be called Oswin. What can I do for you?"
"When I woke up in a strange woman's apartment two days later and she tells me she had fished me out of the Hudson," Carol said. "Apparently, to fix things, I tried to fly to the moon myself. My powers gave out and I fell in the water. I either blacked out or was too drunk to save myself. Luckily, Jessica – the one who thought she poisoned you – jumped in, saved my life, and brought me back to her place. It didn't end there, though. During those two days I don't remember, Jess had to babysit me to make sure I didn't get up and go searching for booze. She said she had to physically stop me from drinking rubbing alcohol. She had the bruises to prove it, too, so I know she wasn't lying."
"No problem, Brother," Grace said. "Follow me, Sister."
She hit the other speed-dial number programmed into the phone.
"Uh-huh," Clint turned his head back a little further and got a look at Bruce's hands. As he suspected, they were a bit bigger than they were normally and tinged a light shade of green. "And would said twelve-hundred-pound smashing machine be helping you out in this?" Bruce shrugged.
"Headache, backache, shortness of breath, increased anxiety," Jessica listed off. "A few other things I can't remember now… Do you think we should wake him up and ask him how he's feeling?"
They had him on a few different drugs to ensure that he was at least semi-comfortable, but there was nothing they could do to stop the vomiting. After all, his body needed to purge itself of the toxins and unfortunately, puking was the best way of doing that.
"All of it," Fair said. "Everything you just said. I don't think I trust you." Romanoff smiled, but the fury in her eyes could not be disguised.
"Uh-huh," Tony said. "Or you'll be suiting up with the rest of us." Bruce gave a small, humorless laugh.
"Yeah, that is a good deal." The officer's face lifted for just the briefest of moments. "I'd consider it if the Bureau wasn't filled with some of the vilest, low-life, bottom-feeding scum that ever walked the face of the Earth! Tell them they can kiss my ass!" The officer let out a sigh of aggravation.
"Well, my first suggestion would be to reach out," Carol said.
Natasha frowned for a moment, feeling a bit sorry for him. She started walking towards the door but stopped just as she reached it, realizing that there was still something she needed to say.
"How so?" Lara flipped her phone around and held it out as far as she could for Tony to see. The screen was on the website of the hotel they were going to be staying at.
One ring…
"Of course, you don't," Romanoff said. "But if you're drowning your trauma in alcohol, you're obviously not completely fine mentally or otherwise."
"Oh, shit…"
"Yeah, I know," he said. "You sent that damn video to Pepper." Natasha had to think for a moment before she realized what he was talking about.
Uploaded to FFN on 9/2/19 (hopefully.)
"Do you have to say that so loud?" Steve asked.
"What happened?" Rhodes looked up, surprised.
Every eye in the room turned towards Freeman. He quickly became aware of all the attention and awkwardly shrunk into himself as he exited the room. Natasha was hot on his six.
"How invaluable?"
hard to put the pieces together if you were around him all the time. Rhodey just felt bad about having to explain what happened because it felt like a further violation of Tony's privacy. Regardless, Happy was Tony's friend, too, and needed to know what was going on. Undoubtedly, Happy was just as infuriated as Rhodey to hear what happened.
"Sure," he said. "I mean, I could try, but did you really have to give him Valium?" Steve had been on that before and he didn't enjoy the experience. He doubted Tony appreciated it, either.
"Well, hopefully this will make up for it." Steve closed the distance between them and gave Tony a slow, sweet kiss. Pulling back, they were both smiling and rested their foreheads against each other.
"I get that," she said earnestly. "I really do." She bit her lip in consideration. "Is there anything you want to know? Anything that could help you to understand?"
Steve obeyed and slid into the spot next to Tony. He smiled as he pulled Steve into his arms. Steve pressed a kiss to his cheek.
"I don't see how I can," Steve responded.
He let out a bit of a sigh of annoyance. At the same time, though, he couldn't blame her for doing that. If anyone would have been able to pull him away from his own misery, it would be Steve. So, Tony just continued to enjoy holding and being held by his boyfriend. Although, he could start to feel the weight of his misery pressing on the back of the mind.
"It's just a show," he said.
Originally posted to FFN on 10/31/19.
"It's alright," Natasha said. "We can look past this as long as it doesn't happen again."
"Oh," she said, rushing to stand up and get to the door. She moved so fast that she almost tripped over herself. "Je suis vraiment désolé! I am so sorry! I'm stupid! I didn't mean to…"
"Over Skype," Oswin corrected. "But yes."
"Sorry about that," he said. "I tried to get in contact sooner, but the network wasn't working."
Speaking of problems to sift through, by the time they were almost done with the meeting, they were interrupted by a knock at the door. However, it seemed the knock was just a formality because as soon it stopped, Cabe came flying through the door. Much like everyone else, she was clearly upset, but for her it manifested as clear and unbridled anger. Despite that, she was careful to gently set down the flash drive she was carrying down on the table as she walked up to it.
After going through her normal morning routines of doing her insulin injection, having breakfast, and taking her medications, Lara turned her TV around to face her bed so that way if she managed to stay awake, she could watch the press conference. She adjusted the volume so that way it was loud enough so she could hear it from the bed, but not so loud that it would disturb her if she managed to fall asleep. Once that was set up, she got back into bed and shut her eyes, waiting for either Stark Industries to make their statement or for her brain to finally let her fall asleep.
"And you just might," Tony quipped back.
"At the labs, probably," Sharpton said. "He hardly ever leaves, even for holidays." Natasha brought a hand to her earpiece.
"You're absolutely sure about that?" Hill questioned.
"I take that to mean he knows it was me."
"It would be so much easier to comb," Margot pointed out. "Plus, I think you'd look so much more handsome."
Still sick. The four minutes it took to add page breaks did nothing. I'm gonna take a nap now. Bye!
The kill that he had enjoyed the most was the DSS worker who had taken the girls away from him. He had walked straight into her office after turning the receptionist and cutting the phone line to the building. He didn't have to say anything to her. She recognized him immediately. Before she could say anything, he reached out and touched the pale skin of her hand. Her eyes went wide and when she saw the stone crawling up her arm, she screamed.
"Radio?" The woman turned back for a second, looking a little confused herself, but continued to smile at him until her attention was taken away by another table. Steve sighed. Despite Bucky and Peggy's insistence to the contrary, he could tell when someone was flirting with him. He got a few lessons in that with how many women threw themselves at him when he was on tour with the USO. That didn't mean he knew how to respond to it (if the whole Private Lorraine incident is any proof), but he could at least tell when it happened, and Beth had been flirting with him. She had already walked away, so there wasn't much that could be said. All it pretty much did was make him feel five different types of awkward. It only got worse when the elderly man at the table next to him turned around to offer his two cents.
"Pepper can't babysit me all day," Tony said. "It's not her job."
"You have to be alive to have a life," Tony pointed out. Lara glared at him as she forced herself to sit up.
"Come on, Clint," she said. "You honestly can't stand there and tell me you don't find her the least bit suspicious." Clint folded his arms in front of him.
"Oh," Lara said, sounding slightly stunned.
Surprisingly, after Hill left, the others stayed. Lara did leave to check her blood sugar at one point, but quickly returned and brought back breakfast with her, which the others were grateful for. A plate was left out for Steve, but he didn't bother to get up to eat it. Someone flipped on the TV and they spent the next few hours mindlessly watching television. Lara and Bruce were sitting in the loveseat across from Steve, Clint was curled up in one of the armchairs with his puppy, and Natasha remained in the same spot next to him. She had her hand on his shoulder as if to reassure, but the only person Steve wanted reassuring him was Tony.
"Oh, there you are," she said as she walked through the archway. "I was looking for you guys in the apartment, but you weren't there."
"He hacked his hotel room key so we could get in your rooms yesterday," Lara said. "It could still work."
"Almost twenty years, now…" Steve's eyes went wide.
"Give yourself some credit." Tony put a hand on her shoulder. "Stark Tower is your baby. Give yourself… Twelve percent of the credit."
"If she gave me an excuse, yes." Steve continued to look disapproving. Natasha finally gave up and looked over at him. "She tried to hurt us. She
"Puppies?" Bruce shrugged.
Before Tony could respond or ask questions the door to his bedroom opened and Pepper came rushing in. Tony didn't realize that Steve wasn't lying next to him until he saw the super soldier moving to stand in the doorway. His attention was quickly recaptured by Pepper, though, who was pressing her hand to his forehead, concern crystal clear in her blue eyes.
"Yeah, just give me a second." Tony stood up and slid out of the seat. He seemed stable on his feet, but once he got out into the aisle he stumbled forward, only to have Steve catch him.
"We don't normally do private tours this late at night," Viv said. "So, all of our eateries and the lowest level is closed. Our apologies for the inconvenience."
"I can't," he said. "I can't think now. When I can, then I'll move forward and start figuring things out. I need time…"
"I'm sorry," he said. "But I'm getting an overwhelming feeling that this is one of those conversations that end with you telling me that if I hurt Tony, you've got a dark alley and a bad idea that'll make me want to shut my mouth." Rhodes' eyebrows raised in alarm.
This chapter can alternatively be titled "fuck, I'm about to catch up with myself!"
"A little…?" Pepper moved her arms to gesture to the room at large. "It looks like a tornado rolled on through! How did this happen?"
"He's hiding out in the Bahamas," he explained. "He got involved in a money laundering scheme that came to light after the housing crisis struck. He is wanted for dozens of counts of fraud and
Yeah, I'm still basically brain-dead. I don't know what's wrong with me but I don't think I'm getting enough oxygen to my brain. Can someone help with that?
"I'd expect nothing less from a weaver of lies." Thanos' hand tightened around Loki's throat.
"Call Tony Stark," Fury instructed. "See if he still has access to his father's files. Do not tell him anything that's going on."
"That was not funny," Lara gasped, clutching her chest as if she were about to have a heart attack.
"Right away, Sir," the AI responded.
"A lot less awkward than the Russian 'comrade,'" Adoniram said. "And less obvious." Salinas shrugged.
"Hilarious," Tony said with an amused smirk on his face. "But seriously, I have fifteen minutes. What do you want to talk about?"
"Yet you still have time to visit family," Tony pointed out.
"Oh, I'm sure he's fine," he said. "He'll probably be back before breakfast." The three Avengers traded disbelieving looks before turning back to Freeman with narrowed eyes.
It was kind of laughable. …Or it would be if he could laugh without pain.
There were a few other issues they discussed, such as training schedules, what goals they had for the future both as individuals and as a collective team, and who the hell put their socks in the dishwasher. (No one fessed up, and everyone at the table seemed to be legitimately baffled by it, so it was hard to determine legitimate suspects.) The most notable thing that came up was that Tony mentioned a project he was working on called "Ultron." The supposed idea was to have an AI that could seek out potential world threats before they happened. Steve, Natasha, and Clint all seemed a bit sketched out by the idea, but Bruce found it intriguing.
"No actually," he said. "I'm good."
"The most they could tell us was that they were probably with the same group," Barton shrugged.
"Depends," she said. "Who is that?"
"Oh my god," she cried. "Oh my god, I thought you were dead!"
"Yet," Tony added.
"I could be with him, at least," he said. "That much, I could do. Here, I'm just absolutely useless."
Steve needed a moment to process everything Rhodes had just explained to him. Essentially, what happened was that Tony was publicly outed as a bisexual in the worst way possible by a scorned ex-lover, and in response Tony had attempted to kill himself. (Like Rhodes, Steve was not quite convinced that Tony's overdose had been as accidental as he claimed.) His heart was breaking as his blood boiled in his veins. He really wanted to hit the guy who did that to Tony; hard.
"You've heard of us?" Romanoff and Barton exchanged looks.
"Hell yeah, you did," she said. "The lobby's that way." She pointed back the way she came. "Didn't you hear Freeman when he told you to stop?"
"That's correct." Tony felt like they just reiterated that point for the fiftieth time.
"Captain," she said. "None of this is going to mean a damn thing if we don't close that portal." They both directed their gazes to the sky above. Despite Thor's attempts to curtail the number of Chitauri getting through and wreaking havoc on the streets, there was still a huge number getting by him and onto the streets below. Natasha could tell that Steve knew she was right.
"Miss Oswald," he said. "You're being brought in for questioning."
"Did I say anything else?" Steve hesitated a moment.
Compared to the heat of the day, the cool night air was very much a relief. Sure, she was shivering, but she'd rather that than melting into a large puddle of sweat and human flesh. She sighed and was trying not to be too impatient, but the man was making it impossible. She understood that he had other matters that required his attention, but she had been standing on this roof for the past two and a half hours waiting for him to show up, in the most uncomfortable pair of high heels known to man, no less. She was about to leave when she heard the door shielding the building's access stairway open and close. Turning around, she was face to face with the man she was meant to meet.
"How did that go?" Hill asked.
"There was a fire emergency a few blocks over," Agent Duran explained. "It's been contained, but residents aren't going to be allowed back in until tomorrow. Safety concerns and all."
"Yeah." Steve noticeably winced at the repetition of his answers, so he expanded on it. "I mean, I'm not really used to this…" He gestured between him and Tony.
"One of my work buddies passed it on to me. He didn't tell me what was on it." Tony shook his head and let out a very forced laugh.
Carol took a deep breath in and as she let it out, she uncurled her fingers.
"You haven't heard from Tony at all, though?" Rhodey asked.
Cabe sighed from where she was standing a few feet away from the others, but otherwise remained as stoic as always. Obviously, she had already seen the video, so she already knew what was going to happen. Everyone else, though, turned back to watch it all play out for themselves. Tony could tell when they got to the point where Freeman let the Church members in as there were a few muttered comments and Lara actually had to step away to take a few deep breaths, shutting her eyes and placing a hand against the back wall. Pepper had a similar reaction, bracing her hands together and leaning forward to press her forehead against them. Once she took a couple of deep breaths, she straightened up and composed herself swiftly.
"What?" Steve let out a frustrated huff of air.
"You want to think about removing yourself from this environment, Doctor?" Natasha countered. Bruce gave a dismissive laugh.
"Can you search for people using that?" That wouldn't have been the first question Oswin would have asked, but she just decided to brush it off.
[Redacted]
A new religious movement has taken advantage of the Battle of New York as a means to spread its influence and gain members, but what does this mean for the Avengers?
Tony had to admit, it was weird to be in a room alone with Pepper since… Well, since the day after the incident at the Expo. When Vanko had triggered the self-destruct sequence, Pepper had been standing right next to one of the Hammer-bots. However, Tony had swooped in just in time and saved her. Then they shouted at each other, then they kissed…
"I'm fine," he assured. "It's just a cold."
Tony put all his effort into remaining perfectly still as he laid down on the bed. The slightest movement would send waves of electricity coursing through his brain. It was a pain, but at least he wasn't feeling any pain lying like this.
"I don't know," he said. "You drive a hard bargain there, sweetheart."
"What are you doing?" Steve asked as he tried to prop himself up on his elbows.
have the right to remain silent," the Black Widow said. "Refusal to answer questions will
Despite her best efforts to keep her story as clear and concise as possible, though, Carol could see that she was not quite convincing the three Avengers of her story. Banner and Barton were quick to pick up on the things that did not quite add up and question her about them. That was fine. She had been expecting something like that. What she was not expecting, however, was the deep, scrutinizing look Romanoff was giving her. It was as if she was dissecting every syllable that Carol spoke, trying to find the tiniest faults in every little thing she said. It was clear that Romanoff was not a trusting individual – none of them were, but her especially. Carol was certain that the only reason why she had managed to tell the story without dropping her confident façade was because Lucky the Golden Retriever puppy had jumped into her lap and honestly, petting the dog did wonders to help reassure her. It was nice to know she had someone on her side, even if that someone was less than eight weeks old and only cared about getting pet by pretty girls. She would take any comfort she could get.
"You're still sure about this?" The fearful knot in his stomach said otherwise, but Tony still nodded.
"Not a big deal?" he questioned. "Since when do you worry about anything?"
"I'm not okay," Tony said as Steve gently shook his shoulder.
"It's a lot more complex than a simple cipher." Lara shrugged.
"I'd say give him a good ten to twelve hours of solid rest before you try waking him up," Dr. Fox said. "But if he wakes up on his own before that, I would say it's safe to go in there. It would be conducive to his recovery for him to be given the truth of the situation as soon as possible, especially given what Stark's already told him." Tony shot a glare at the doctor for talking about him like he wasn't even in the room.
A very special thanks to Saidra on AO3! It was helpful and did inform my decision in going through with getting this new laptop.
"What the hell?" Pepper held up a hand placatingly before Lara could say anymore.
"Alright," Conroy said. "Can I just ask for one thing?"
"Good morning," he said. "How are you today?"
So, sighing, Steve decided that he had enough catching up for one morning and set the files aside. He got up, stretched out a bit, and sat down on the edge of the bed. He ran his fingers over the cover of the compass for a quick second before reaching under his pillow to retrieve the scrap of paper Tony had given him before.
"You flew into the tower?" Carol nodded in confirmation. "Why?"
"Yes," Duran said. "I can't explain how, but he's committed dozens of murders over the course of the past twelve hours. I know you're involved with the robbery at Stark Industries, but the best thing you can do for yourself right now is to turn yourself in and get Nina some protection."
"Oh yeah?" Tony scoffed. "Like who?"
Oswin screamed in terror the second she saw him. Knežević clawed desperately at the article to get the burning piece of fabric from him. He eventually managed to pull his shirt over his head and dropped it on the ground. He abandoned it to smolder in the yard and ran at top speed over to Oswin.
"We're done here?"
"Nothing, nothing." Tony hoped that he was coming across as unbothered but could not definitively tell due to Pepper's worry. "I was actually wondering if you'd be willing to talk right now?" It was a lie, but it got Pepper to drop the concerned look in exchange for one of surprise.
"Well, I think I found a bit more than that." Coulson and Hill then stepped out of the way so the medical team could get by. It was then that Hill was struck by how quick and frantic their movements were. However, if she hadn't caught a glimpse of the body as it was wheeled by, she probably wouldn't have believed it herself.
"The house is alarmed," Carol explained. "Fury and Hill will be notified of a burglary ASAP. That is if you can't get ahold of them first."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Saturday?" Clint questioned. "Don't most doctors stay closed on Saturday?"
"I understand what you're saying, Commander," Natasha said. "But with all due respect, we're not the only ones who have handled the situation wrong." Hill tilted her head.
When they arrived at Tony's home, Steve tried to get a good look at the house but found it hard to in the dark. He was sure that it was grand and lavish, though, but he could be impressed by it in the morning. Right now, he needed to help Tony get to bed.
"Well, I know that now," Clint said.
"Wait," Conroy said. "Does this have something to do with Iron Man?"
"No," he said. "I haven't."
His sense of hearing came back to him suddenly (or maybe he had it all along and it was just that silent.) He heard a door open and close and the tiny
She had been implanted into the Peoples Unity Church for a few months now. Both S.H.I.E.L.D. and Hydra had their reasons for putting her there. S.H.I.E.L.D. wanted her to monitor a potential threat. Hydra wanted her to take it out. The latter was made very clear with the text her Hydra handler sent her the night before.
Steve opened the door and sure enough, he could see the glinting silver of the War Machine armor pass by the living room windows. Only stopping to make sure his clothes were straightened out, Steve headed across the hall to Tony's office. It was directly attached to the assembly station for Tony's suits, so that was likely where Rhodes would be entering. He hit a button on the wall to get the MK13 suit out of the way just as Rhodes touched down on the landing pad.
"No, it's not," Lara agreed. "But it's the safest option for him, so we just have to hope that he can make it work." Slowly, Steve nodded, trying to accept what he was being told. Lara did not know how much of it he really did, but she had other things to be concerned about.
"What are you doing, Mr. Stark?" Fury demanded as he walked into the lab. Tony silently sighed. Relaxation time over.
The mural depicted an upside-down triangle being trisected by a ring. There was a word painted next to each point of the triangle; the top left point had the word "peace" painted next to it; the top-right had the word "freedom"; and the bottom one had the word "strength." In the center of the triangle was the word "understanding." Carol felt a twinge of familiarity as she examined the mural, but before she could figure out why, she was jarred by a hand coming to rest on her shoulder.
"Like I said, other than my sister, no."
"Thanks," Tony said. "But I don't need it." He then turned and launched himself off the assembly platform, taking off on what was sure to be a long, harrowing journey.
"I wouldn't say that," Clint said. "My shoulders are definitely be going to be feeling that for the next couple of days." Bruce looked down guiltily.
"What do you mean?" he asked. Smith sighed.
"I think I know what you're afraid of," Tony said. "But that doesn't make sense because there's no way you could feel like that."
"Yeah, sure," Tony exchanged a look with Pepper, who stepped out of the way, so Steve could get by. "Have a seat." He gestured to the chair that Steve had previously occupied. Steve made his way over there and sat down. Pepper, meanwhile, went to the other side of Tony's bed and sat down in the other available chair.
"I don't know," he admitted. "Short of committing myself to the funny farm, I don't know." A pang of sympathy reverberated through Natasha's entire being.
The nuke detonated and soon Tony was consumed by fire and fury the likes of which the world has never seen.
"I see you've taken notice of our symbol and tenants." Carol gently pushed Adoniram's hand off her shoulder. Though she badly wanted to punch him, she managed to hold back.
Jiggling the mouse, the concierge brought the monitor to life. They all watched as he navigated through different files until he got where he needed to be.
"ATF is searching the grounds for evidence and helping the FBI conduct interviews," Ness said.
"Still," Bruce said. "It's not your fault. It'll never be your fault, okay?" Lara squeezed her eyes shut and took a deep breath, seemingly trying to calm herself.
"Still not the point," Tony said.
"No, no," he said. "This is much worse."
"Okay…" Pepper's voice held the unspoken question of "then why didn't you just pick it up?" However, the exhaustion and frustration that were very clearly weighing down both Tony and Lara's souls told made it clear for her not ask. "How did all of this happen? This can't all be SI stuff."
"Auntie!" The sound of his older daughter's voice was like music to Knežević's ears. The last time he had heard her, she was begging to police to let her daddy go as he was led into the back of a police car. Although it had matured through age and experience, it was still undoubtedly the same voice.
"If you take into consideration that Barton seems to be showing symptoms…" Bruce trailed off there, his voice grim. He didn't want to picture Barton sick, or any of the other Avengers, really. The idea of such a horrific murder attempt made him…
The others were already seated in the living area when he walked out. Clint and Natasha were sitting in two of the armchairs while Bruce and Lara had the loveseat, leaving the couch open for him and Steve. Steve took the lead in bringing them to their seats and with everyone's eyes on him, he felt almost like a bride being led down the aisle by her father on her wedding day, only instead of a beautiful husband, he would be directed to the slaughter. It made his stomach churn weirdly. …Or was that the hangover, too? He couldn't be sure.
"Because there are emergency showers downstairs," Stark explained. "If we're not infected already, we need to get any remaining traces of the powder off us fast. Technically, we do have a few emergency showers in the lab, but the CDC will probably want the entire place cleared and quarantined."
"Why don't you just give up already?" Tony asked. "You have to know that you're significantly outmatched here."
"Think you can try walking?" she asked. Tony nodded.
"The Space Stone," Loki started. "'Twas locked away in a mystical artifact known as the Tesseract and hidden somewhere on Midgard. Er, Terra, as I believe it's called in this part of the galaxy." Loki paused for a second to make sure his choice of syntax was correct. Thanos gave him a look that told him to get on with it. "I overheard… Odin, saying once that it had been removed from where he initially hid it, but he could sense that it was still on Terra. I have great skill in the mystic arts. Dare I say I even match that of Odin. I could locate the stone and retrieve it for you."
She slid into a seat at the table and waited for either Pepper or her assistant to get off the phone. Pepper paced back and forth; walking the length of two tables before turning around and going back. Lara didn't have to mentally translate any of what Pepper was saying to understand that the conversation wasn't going well. Pepper's assistant, meanwhile, kept a stone-cold face as he fed clipped responses into his phone's speaker. Lara gave the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent a look of pity. She was in for a long, boring day.
"What's done is done," he said. "Just don't let it happen again." Natasha nodded, relieved that at least this wouldn't be held against her. She looked back over and saw Banner handing Clint a golden furball.
"Letting the Peoples Unity Church in." Everyone turned their gazes to Tony. "Spoilers."
need to do this. Otherwise, we can kiss our reputations and the public's support goodbye." Steve's face hardened, but he nodded anyway.
"Putting an end to the 'fated day of reckoning,'" Lara said. "AKA,
"I think that's everything," he said.
"No," she said. "I was just pointing out the hypocrisy in that statement, you know, given that you clearly don't take your own business seriously."
have that kind of relationship," he said. "You know that, right?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm sorry for deceiving you." Stark's eyes widened, but Natasha remained unphased. "I'm sorry for psychologically profiling you without your knowledge. I am sorry for injecting you with drugs without telling you what they were first. I am sorry I let things get so out of hand at that party. I am sorry I tried to stab you when you and Lara tried to wake me up at the hotel. I am sorry I left you at the bar at the Gala. I am also sorry for the way I acted after the bio-terror attack. If there is anything I am missing, just say so now."
"I know," Tony said. "And I told him that, but he just kept looking so freaked and I might have said something I shouldn't have…"
"You're going to the hospital," Steve said. "Do you want me to stay here or have S.H.I.E.L.D. come pick me up?"
"I don't think so," Bruce said. "You can have chicken, right?"
"I'm still not going to let you draw my blood." Steve's voice was calm and firm; the same one he used when giving orders out in the field. Dr. Fox let out an aggravated sigh.
"As a team," Steve asserted.
"Smart," Stark said. "That stairwell is reinforced to withstand anything and herding everyone away from there will reduce our chances of accidentally contaminating someone."
died. He didn't think that was a big enough emergency for him to call-in this mysterious powerhouse? Speaking of which, who the hell was she?
Eventually, the person onscreen moved to sit down on the bed, tossing his jacket to the side. For a moment, the person glanced up towards the vent, allowing their entire face to be seen. In that moment, all of Rhodey's worst suspicions had been confirmed. The person on-screen was, in fact, his best friend, Tony Stark. The sight made Rhodey's blood run cold and within seconds, he was dialing Tony's home phone number.
"I said you need to sign this waiver for Damage Control." She placed the papers down on his desk a lot more gently this time. "I've already read it over. It has to do with liability with the disposal of potentially hazardous waste. I didn't see any problem with it, but you might want to read it over yourself instead of, you know, watching that jackass screw us over for the thousandth time." Tony sighed.
Originally posted to FFN on 7/1/18.
"Alright."
"Yeah," Tony said. "And I'm sure Romanoff's wasted more than her fair share of those."
Remember kids, patience is a virtue.
"No one says that anymore," the man pointed out.
Tony melted into Steve like butter. Steve rubbed Tony's back and pressed a kiss to the side of his head. Tony made a little noise of satisfaction and Steve squeezed his eyes shut.
"Shit!" he cursed as he regained his proper balance. The visual was accompanied by distorted audio. It made every breath the onscreen man took sound like it had been run through an echo chamber. He didn't say anything, just stared right at the camera.
"Yes," she said. "And the Metro Police." Somehow, that made the situation feel much worse.
After that, the second page was filled out and Rhodey turned to the third. Tony was just relieved they were making headway. He wasn't sure how much time the therapist would allow them before he had to really start his session and it would probably be better to have the forums done before then.
Originally posted on 10/28/20.
"I could get there fastest," Tony said without even looking at where the Cube had been located.
"Don't 'Tony' me! First, you press me in the car and now you don't want to know? No! You don't get to do that! Now shut up and listen!"
"I was just going to ask if you knew if the TV got AMC," Conroy said. "But that works, too." Tony rolled his eyes as he started to walk towards the door.
"Everything." Steve looked back up. "How is this possible? How am I still alive? Is anyone else alive? Bucky…"
"One hour."
"Well, too bad," Tony said. "It's the best I can offer right now."
"Yeah, yeah," Tony assured, taking a deep breath. "I'm fine, it's just… This entire situation…" He let out a little bit of a humorous laugh before looking up and locking eyes with Steve again. "When you were going to come over to the tower the other night, I was going to tell you something similar." Steve raised an eyebrow in confusion. "I have feelings for you, Steve. Real, romantic feelings… I… I was scared I ruined it."
"I was working on something kind of delicate," he explained. "If you could just tell me what you did…"
Knežević slammed his head on the roof of the car and clutched at his heart.
"What?" Lara's attention went to the counter, where she could see Bruce was sitting. On the countertop in front of him, she could see that he was having a breakfast of coffee and toast with jelly on it. He also had several papers splayed out in front of him. Curious, Lara stepped closer to see what he was doing.
"Why?" Tony questioned. "We're in my house. No one's going to hear."
"I hate to break it to you," Tony said. "But no matter how much you try and how much you plan, it's not going to keep you safe. These people are merciless. They know how to ruin lives." Dr. Cranston tilted her head to the side.
Not knowing how to feel other than surprised, Bruce followed her out the door and down the hallway. At least now he had a clearer head and could do his job.
"Why not?" she asked.
"How could it be even?" he asked.
"And you did everything they asked you to do?"
"Tony's trying to go after the guy that robbed him," Steve explained. Natasha didn't show any hint of surprise as she stepped in front of the platform.
," she stated again, much harsher this time. "Completely blitzed out of your mind. You can barely stand, let alone hold a conversation. You need to go back to the hotel."
"Guys," Natasha said, and with an upward glance, everyone saw what had grabbed her attention. Numerous sky-whales began swimming through the portal, along with even more Chitauri soldiers. Oh yes, things were just getting started.
"Can we talk outside?" Natasha asked. "I don't want to wake him up."
"Yup," Betty grimly confirmed. "It's a moisture strip."
"Don't worry," Tony said. "I understand. So, what's been going on since I saw you last."
" The words were shouted over Fair's and echoed in the silence that followed. Instantly, Pepper and Romanoff's eyes were on him and everyone in Malibu had their eyes glued to the screen in shock. The only expression that differed was Fair's fearful one. Tony loosened his tie a bit and let out a huff of air before continuing. "No. I will not be answering any of your questions, Mr. Fair and that's because I don't want to. They do not deserve a response. Not after you spent this whole meeting undermining me, Miss Potts, and Miss Romanoff."
"Where…?" Bruce started to say before Lara cut him off.
, she wasn't expecting that.
"You just
"It's for your safety," Hill clarified. "And everyone else's."
The President started by addressing the events in New York and the United States' plans to recover from it, as well as working to create a better response to such events in the future. He also addressed the United States' military accomplishments against the Taliban and al-Qaeda, expressed their continued support for Israel and addressed the Arab Spring and the uprisings in Syria. Tony mostly tuned out after that. He could watch the highlights reel and get bullet points later. Instead, he found himself focusing on that mantra again.
"Tony's fine," Bruce assured. "So are Steve and Romanoff. Barton is the only one showing symptoms."
"No, no," she assured. "You're fine. We're good."
Despite her wants, that was not how things decided to go. Slowly but surely, sunlight began to spill over her eyes. She squeezed them tightly shut against it, but that did little to deter her body from being awakened. As the sunlight spread, the weight pressed against her back also lessened. Also, sounds started coming through clearer, but they still seemed like they were coming from further away than they were.
"Yes?" Steve raised an eyebrow at the strange question.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You know," she said. "When I asked you to 'invite me to the party next time,' I meant a global catastrophe, not an actual party."
"Is that even safe?" Tony shrugged.
For years it had been a rumor around S.H.I.E.L.D. that she and Clint were a couple. If it got brought up in front of them, they'd calmly correct the person, but for the most part, they just found it funny. Although the list of people that knew it was limited, Clint's heart belonged to Laura and only Laura. He honestly couldn't picture anything else. Natasha, meanwhile…
"Are you sure?" The operator asked. "I didn't hear any gunshots."
"And so am I." They exchanged smiles for a moment until Tony finally walked past Steve and into the living room, practically collapsing into an armchair. "Bruce says dinner will be ready in ten minutes."
"That sounds perfect!" Knežević said in amazement. "So you'll be able to show me everything with this?"
"Me too." Pepper was the one who said that, so Tony felt reassured that this wasn't something that was brought up earlier in the meeting that he just happened to miss when he wasn't paying attention. "How did you get that information, Mr. Fair?"
Tony stayed like that for a few minutes before the sound of knocking on glass broke him out of his trance. He looked up to see Conroy standing at the door to the lab, waving and mouthing the words "hi, can you let me in?" Tony got up and unlocked the door for her.
"What are you talking about?" he asked. Lara sighed.
"No," Pepper said firmly. "I'm good. Go home and get some sleep."
"No," Pepper answered for Tony again. "And I've been urging him to all week." In all honesty, Tony knew he couldn't defended himself. He ignored his symptoms or just assumed they'd get better on their own. So, he just accepted the angry/concerned "why-don't-you-take-better-care-of-yourself" look Pepper was giving him and waited for the doctor to ask her next question.
"To get closure," Lara said. "To put a bookend to that chapter of your life once and for all; to properly say goodbye to her." Slowly, Bruce nodded a bit.
"The Hulk has always loved dogs," he explained. "I don't know why, but if he sees one while he's on a rampage, he'll do his best to avoid it and if one approaches me while I'm in the midst of transforming, he'll start to relax. Obviously, it is probably not practical in the field, but it has worked. It's like he knows he could hurt it or something."
"Oh, sure." Lara began to pick up the computer. "Sorry. I forgot with your headache, your eyes…"
"Or Stark's 'un-hackable' system isn't as impervious as he claims, and some Anonymous yahoo released all our security codes and passwords onto the internet." Tony could taste metal in his mouth from how hard he was biting down on his tongue. He probably would have been able to resist the urge to shoot back, if the man didn't have to add "it wouldn't surprise me." That little bit of salt in the wound was enough to arise a response from Tony. Luckily, he managed to keep his cool just enough to avoid going too far.
"That's probably because he was already poisoned when he drank the water." Carol turned around to see Dr. Smith walking into the room. She held a grey device with a black screen that projected green and red digital lettering. "I did a tox-screen. No traces of
For a moment, Tony had hoped that he wouldn't be allowed to start the session until he had completed the forum, but apparently that wasn't the case. His disappointment must have been clear on his face because he felt Steve rub his thumb across his knuckles again.
Natasha raised her hand to the side of her head. There, she could feel the handle of a knife. She'd rather have a gun when facing the unknown, but she'd take what she could get. Wrapping her hand around the handle, she waited for the moment to strike.
"So, I guess we should irradiate it," she said.
"Try." Lara took a deep breath before nodding.
"No, I don't need a taxi service," he said. "I need to find the closest lab or chemical production facility to here."
?" Tony asked.
"But first, breaking news coming out of Lennox this evening," Rhonda said. "Fire officials are now saying that the blaze that broke out early Monday morning has now been contained, however, residents evacuated from the area still do not have permission to return to their homes. For more, we go to us on-the-scene reporter Jessa Abello. Jess?"
serious trauma," Natasha said. "And even though you act like a child most of the time, it's not the same thing." Clint let out a hiss.
"Of course, I'm sure," Steve said. "I wouldn't have said it if I wasn't sure." Tony nodded in understanding, but he didn't look at Steve. Steve, meanwhile, turned back to the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent. "So, do we have a deal?"
"And you would get what in return?" The obvious came to Loki's mind, but he didn't dare say it aloud.
"And what would that be?" she asked, clearly more for Clint and Bruce's sakes than her own. Tony took a deep breath before continuing.
She then left to go to her meeting with Tony following shortly thereafter to start his workday.
With that, Clint left the room. Lara put the phone down on the coffee table and stared at it. "Walk Like an Egyptian" didn't start playing. Everything was quiet. After a minute or so, Lara let out a breath of relief and turned her attention back to the puppy.
Flash!
"Seeing," he confirmed. "Still working on believing."
"Oh," she said. "Oh, wow. When did this happen? How?"
While Tony headed for the tower, he sent a video call in to Pepper. She answered right away and was at the ready at the controls to the building's power systems.
"How can it be inevitable?" Lara asked. "You're in control of your actions."
"Thank you," Tony said. "I'm glad."
"But the thing is you're not going anywhere so you feel like there's no point," Steve continued. "Or, not one that makes sense." Tony's expression slowly transitioned from one of excitement to one of unease.
"Have you guys noticed anything strange with them?" Barton asked, looking between Steve and Bruce.
"Oh, screw you," was Oswin's only response.
"Tony…"
Remember kids, Happy Indigenous Peoples' Day to those in the US, and Happy Thanksgiving to all our Canadian friends!
"We're not finished yet."
"I've already accounted for that," he said.
"No," Pepper confirmed. "They're not sure what's wrong with him yet. They need to run a few tests."
"Now you sound like you," she said.
"How?" Lara questioned. "How can you agree with him knowing Tony's condition?"
"I guess we're in a relationship." That was honestly the best way Steve could describe it, with the very vague term of "relationship." That really didn't define anything. A relationship can be either platonic or romantic. It can describe friends, family, enemies, or lovers. It really didn't do anything to define what they were to each other. Tony let out a little bit of a humorless laugh.
"$450."
So, this is the last day of 2018. I have to say, I'm actually really proud of what I've accomplished this year. I mean, technically IRL all I did was push people away and increase my social isolation which probably isn't a good thing, especially when you consider that I have Aspergers and that's essentially allowing my disability to rule my life, but the stuff I did on this site was great! I mean, I finished and published FIVE STORIES! FIVE STORIES! That's incredible to me. Granted, one was a bonus deleted scenes and alternate takes thing for another fic and the other was a one-shot, but FIVE STORIES guys! That's amazing!
"Yes, sir." Agent Romanoff did as she was told. She gave the Director a quick rundown of how things went retrieving Captain Rogers from Stark's custody before parting ways and going back where she belonged. From there, Hill and Fury continued to Fury's office.
"Uh…" Tony held out hope that they had completed the last of it. Unfortunately, Rhodey shook his head. "No, I did not."
He was intubated; pinned down with nowhere to run. A machine was breathing for him. He was being forced to stare up at blacklights that bothered his eyes and were probably doing nothing to kill all the germs and microbes in the air. Finally, thanks to the tubes, he couldn't speak. He could still communicate with ASL, but that wasn't an entirely effective solution. The vinyl sheet that separated him from Stark wasn't see-through, which meant he couldn't communicate with him. Clint was officially in solitary confinement.
"He is!" The blonde gestured towards Steve.
"I won't tell if you don't," Tony said. The cashier still looked hesitant, but nonetheless started ringing up his items. In the end, it came to eight assorted cases of beer and boxes of wine along with the two bottles and the candy. The cashier hit a few buttons on the register.
She could tell it was coming from behind her, but she didn't turn around. Everyone she wanted/needed to talk to was upstairs. It didn't hit her though that the person was calling her by her first name, not her last name, which was a pretty important distinction. Outside of the Avengers and Pepper, no one she worked with really called her "Lara." They usually just stuck to "Conroy." (Although, occasionally Tony called her "Larissa" even though wasn't her name.) It didn't click with her until she stepped in the elevator, turned around, and saw Dante being pushed back by the police.
"Still," she said. "It's not normal for you to be like that, especially in public. I just wanted to make sure you were okay."
"Are you sure?" she asked.
"Shit," he heard Lorraine mutter on the other end of the line. "I thought that wasn't until next week."
"Easy," he said. "I wanted to make sure it was really you." Steve's face became perplexed. "I wasn't entirely convinced when S.H.I.E.L.D. told me that they had found you alive, so Fury offered me the opportunity to talk to you myself; see if you were legit."
First, he secured his make-shift rope to one of the legs of the bed and opened his bedroom window. Carefully, he unscrewed the screen and threw the other end of the rope out. It ended up just barely being long enough to safely reach the alleyway below. Next, he gently knocked over some lamps – guiding them carefully to the ground so that way they wouldn't smash and cause him to owe the hotel more money than he would ever see in his life and tossed some throw pillows around the room. He also to a moment to flip over an armchair that sat in the corner of the room.
"And what, prey tell, would that be?" Fair was left sitting open-mouthed and blinking. Clearly, he had not been anticipating anyone questioning him. As soon as it was apparent that he had nothing, another member of the board jumped right in.
"You okay?" Steve asked.
"Like what?" Tony asked.
"Oh?" Before Carol could press him further, the elevator chimed and the doors slid open. The two of them stepped inside and Tony hit the button for the security floor. Once they were moving, Carol looked at him expectantly. "Well, I'm all ears." Tony took a deep breath.
I'd have some sort of witty opening line, but it's 6:45 AM and I only got four hours of sleep last night. You can't expect that much from me.
"…Toes."
"I prefer Oswin," she said.
"No," Lara said again.
Tony pulled his hand back and rubbed at his wrist. He did his best to look offended, but his inebriated state didn't give him much help. The cop just laughed him off. Rolling his eyes, Tony leaned over onto the side wall. If the cops were going to be like that, fine. That was their problem. He'd just take the elevator down to the lobby and take the stairs back up. No big deal.
liked him. He liked him so much that when he stayed over at Steve's during the Hurricane the previous week, he almost kissed him.
"I don't see how that's a party," Natasha remarked.
"Everyone's fine," he said. "Well, Pepper sustained a minor cut to her cheek, but everyone else is fine. No explosions, nothing serious happened." That last part was somewhat of a lie, but Steve did not think he could explain Captain Danvers to him right then and there. Nonetheless, Rhodes seemed to relax a bit at that.
"I mean," he said. "I kind of took you as the type who would want to know something like that. You know, to either do something about it or revel in it." Clint felt a little guilty as he finished that statement, and rightly so.
After those two interviews, they had a few more individual ones before they made it to the main event of the day: the live Q&A session. They had rented out the theater at Georgetown University and tickets had sold out faster than you could say "Ticket Master." Everyone and their mother wanted a chance to question the Avengers, for both good and bad reasons. The bad reasons were what they were stressing about most now.
"No, it's not." Clint's shoulders fell and he nodded. "Has something been wrong lately?"
"The S.H.I.E.L.D. agents Loki has captured are patrolling everything below the penthouse floor," Tony explained. "Loki's in the penthouse, Selvig's on the roof, and I really hope no one's been hurt yet."
Shortly after that, the kids came back into the room. Lila carried a mostly-dry watercolor painting and after scrambling back into her mother's lap, she held it up to the camera to show her father. It was largely an incomprehensible mish-mash of colors, but Lila claimed it was a pony and a puppy going on an adventure in an enchanted forest. Clint still praised her on what a good job she did and Lila beamed proudly at the fact that she was able to make him feel better.
"I know from Natasha it had something to do with a 'sex tape' being released," he explained. "But outside of looking up what the term meant, I didn't look into it any further."
The photo was slightly faded and cracked with time and water damage, but it was still unmistakably her. A swell of emotions came over Steve as he stared at the image. It had only been a few hours at the most for him, but for Peggy and the rest of the world, it had been almost seventy years. She was an old woman now. Most, if not all the people they knew before were dead. The world had changed, and Steve had seen none of it. Instead, he had been thrust into it all at once and wished the best of luck. On top of all that despair, he felt like the most horrible person on the face of the planet.
"What do you mean?" he asked.
"Not much other than that," Tony heard Fury say. "He's just hungover. You might want to keep him away from the booze for a bit." Tony threw his head back against the pillow.
"Probably not," Bruce admitted, his voice full of guilt.
"Why?" Steve asked. Natasha shrugged.
"JARVIS," Stark said. "Start lockdown procedures. No one comes into or out of the penthouse unless they're CDC or authorized by me or the CDC."
"I know you're doing things to hurt yourself," Steve admitted. "And I haven't been doing anything to stop it."
"Sure, you don't," Salinas said. "It's not as if your plan completely failed."
That statement broke his heart and burned his soul, but it was a reality that Clint faced every day. If he hadn't helped Loki escape from that S.H.I.E.L.D. base in New Mexico – if he had resisted Loki and hadn't let him take over his mind – then Coulson would probably still be alive today. It didn't matter that he wasn't the one to pull the trigger. He was the one that started the chain of events that led to Coulson's death. That was enough for Clint to call himself responsible.
"Monday is what I'm hoping for," Tony said. "If they don't come through with their promises by then, I'm leaving. I'd say expect me by Monday afternoon at the latest."
Despite the apparent onslaught of media coverage, Stane wasn't aware of the tape's existence. In fact, as he let out a long, continuous rant at Rhodey about the whole ordeal of being called to the hospital, the thing he seemed the angriest about was the fact that his ex-wife refused to take the kids and as a result had to pay the nanny overtime. (A cost which only added up to pennies on the dollar, but was apparently the equivalent to the king's ransom the way Stane griped on about it.) Honestly, that came as a slight relief to Rhodey.
"Well first, it probably helps to know that I can do this." Carol pointed her fist at a box on top of the dresser and let out a burst of energy. The box fell to the floor a smoldering mess. She smirked at the shocked look on Stark's face. "The short story is that I stood too close to an alien device when it exploded, and it changed my DNA. Now I can do things like that."
Steve looked good; damn good. The new uniform suited him well, fitting like a glove and highlighting all of Steve's best assets. Tony probably stared for a little too long and let his mind wander to dirty places he shouldn't have, given the situation. Despite this, he also managed to notice that S.H.I.E.L.D. had given him his proper shield back. Good. Vibranium was hard to come by and it had already been proven that anything else wouldn't be strong enough for him after he tried to use that replica the last time they fought together.
"There's a situation," she said slowly, as if a lack of understanding was the problem. "We need you to come in."
"His name is Tiberius Stone," Tony cut him off. "He's living in the Bahamas and it's absolutely worth the four-hour flight to knock his teeth out, trust me."
"You've got me," he assured. "You've got me."
"It's a stabilizing agent," Tony quickly cut in before turning back to Coulson to quickly finish the conversation he was having with him. "I'm just saying, pick a weekend. I'll fly you to Portland. Keep love alive!" Tony's eyes flicked over to Steve for half a second after he said that last part, and he immediately mentally chastised himself for it. Coulson then went off to take his place where he was supposed to be and Tony continued explaining the purpose of the iridium to the rest of the team. "It means the portal won't collapse on itself like it did at S.H.I.E.L.D." As he passed by Thor, he patted the Thunder God's bicep with the back of his hand. "No hard feelings, Point Break," he said. "You've got a mean swing." His eyes once again flicked over to Steve for half a second. The other man had seemingly no reaction. "Also," Tony continued. "it means the portal can open as wide and stay open as long as Loki wants." He came to a stop when he reached Fury's command post. "Uh, raise the mizzenmast, jib the topsails," he ordered the agents around him, who just gave him weird looks. Looking across at the agents' computers, he quickly noticed that one person didn't have his screen on what he was supposed to. "That man is playing
Loki and his minions have been spotted in Germany. S.H.I.E.L.D. moves quickly to attempt to capture them.
"Miss Potts, you've got a sec?" Pepper quickly joined Tony at the counter, leaving Lara to chat with Coulson.
"No," Lara said. "At least, not directly. I need some comfort food first. I'm going to find some ice cream." Bruce raised an eyebrow at that.
"Huh," Betty said as she picked up the envelope and flipped it over. "Interesting then that they would seal it with a kiss."
"I don't know for sure," Natasha said. "But in my opinion, Fury left the fake report in there so that way whoever planted it wouldn't be tipped off."
"Stark!" she called after him. "Stark! What's going on?"
"What?" he questioned. "Are you serious?"
"Because in the altered report, my comments about Stark's mental health were removed," Natasha said. "I thought that by bringing the matter to your attention not only would you look into possible issues within the agency, but you would also heed my advisories and get Stark the help he needed."
Her first thought was that it was Dante who texted her. She felt her pulse speed up with panic and anxiety. For a second, she froze, unsure of what to do before her investigative instincts started screaming at her.
Steve had to admit, he didn't like how slow his thoughts were moving, but he pushed that aside and compiled as the doctor took his temperature. Whatever result he got back seemed to satisfy the doctor, who then moved on to the next procedures.
"I'm going to have to drag them both out of there kicking and screaming, aren't I?"
"What?" Bruce blinked in confusion.
"Daddy!" Lila exclaimed right away while Cooper rapidly waved his hand.
"Tony, I understand that," Pepper said. "But you and Steve have been living in this empty shell of an apartment for months. You're sharing an air mattress on the floor. Steve can't be comfortable like that and I know for certain that you aren't." She must have hit the nail on the head because Tony seemed to wince a little bit before countering with something completely unrelated.
"I know," Carol said. "But I would have liked the opportunity to help. I'd
"Thanks," he said.
"This?" he laughed. "This is a step too far? No, keeping my daughters from me was a step too far! I'm their father! I have a right to see them!"
Steve opened his eyes to see that Tony had one hand on his stomach, the other hand gripping the railing tightly so that way he wouldn't fall over. The sight was enough to make Steve throw a hard glare at Tony before turning to walk away. Tony's hand flung out to grab his arm.
Clint took several steps back and aimed another arrow at Natasha, who once again dodged. He then tried getting to higher ground by jumping up between the two sets of beams that lofted above them, only to immediately jump back down and try striking Natasha again. He missed. He tried to pull out his bow to fire at her, but Natasha stopped him by grabbing ahold of the string. She held on tightly as he tried to shake her off, pulling her forward and back. Eventually, Clint managed to pin Natasha against one of the safety railings. She used this to her advantage and struck him as hard as she could. He let go of the bow and Natasha spun around to get away.
"No," Peggy said. "Like you, he still liked girls, but…"
"Yup," Lara agreed. "Also, while we're on the subject of getting to know each other, who's that guy and why is he naked?" She turned and flickered her gaze back and forth between Steve and Tony. "I mean, I didn't walk in on some weird swinging thing or orgy, right?" Tony tried hard to suppress a laugh at Steve's reddening face and Bruce's abject horror.
"Alright." Adoniram clapped his hands together and sat down on the stool he'd been sitting on before. "Enough chit-chat. Let's get down to business. What do you have on the Avengers?" Adoniram locked eyes with Freeman, who tugged at the collar of his shirt.
her skin, it was
Although the conversation was somewhat tense, Bruce had to admit, he did feel a little bit more at ease. He supposed that it was probably because it had taken his mind off the situation, if only for a few moments. Before he could really think about it, though, he heard a knock on the doorframe behind him.
"Have you talked to anyone about this other than me?" Steve asked.
"No, you didn't!" Sharpton shouted. "I saw the story on the news! S.H.I.E.L.D. had captured Loki in Germany a full day before the Invasion even happened! For him to have been able to escape in the first place tells me that this could have been preventable; that this was all the Avengers' fault! Now you're all being celebrated like heroes, but you're not! All you people are just monsters in masks!"
"Sir, the MK9 is not ready for deployment yet."
"Listen," Fury said. "I know you're not completely of sound mind now, but we have a doctor here who would like to look you over. Do you think you'll be able to answer a few of her questions?"
"Damn."
Stark pulled his hand away from his face and scooched his chair closer to the cabinet behind his desk. He pulled back one of the paneled doors to reveal a mini fridge hidden inside.
"Trust me, that might actually be a good thing." Lara turned to give him a confused look and almost walked into the door leading to the foyer. Luckily, Bruce managed to pull the door partially open before she fully crashed into it, allowing her to keep some grace and to rebalance herself using the door's handlebar.
"No," Tony assured. "You're good." He patted the space next to him. "Come on, join me, stranger." Steve smiled and walked around to the other side of the bed, getting under the covers.
"And wasn't Stane selling the weapons
The HUD flickered off. JARVIS' voice faded out. The armor lets go of the nuke. Tony started falling backward. Suddenly, he realized how alone he was. He wanted Steve. He wanted Rhodey and Pepper. He wanted his mom, the original Jarvis, Ana… He'd even give anything to have Banner, Barton, Thor, and Romanoff there. Just somebody. He wanted somebody to be there with him in his final moments of life. No one could be there with him, though, so his brain tried to give him the illusion of what he wanted in the form of an old Hungarian lullaby.
"Where's all the booze?" He questioned aloud. "Seriously, what kind of five-star luxury hotel doesn't offer their guests a little something-something as thanks for their kind patronage. Even grocery store-branded wine would suffice."
"I was about to ask you that," he said.
"Cognitive recalibration," Natasha said simply as she sat down on the edge of the bed. "I hit you really hard on the head."
"Wouldn't doubt that for a second," he said. "Anyone else you'd like me to make a call to?"
"Okay," Oswin says. "Say I get these chemicals for you. What then? How are you going to pay me?"
"Commander Hill sent me to get you," he said when Steve opened the door. "Stark is here, and he's not taking no for an answer until he at least sees you." Steve nodded and followed Wylie out the door and into the elevator.
Despite his attempts to assure himself, doubt still sunk into his soul. He had a feeling that if he didn't write it down now, he was going to regret it. His hand moved of it's own accord and started to write the letter "n." Realizing what he was doing at once, Tony released his grip on the pen, sending it clattering to the floor.
"Okay." He leaned up to press a kiss to Steve's cheek. "And Steve? Thanks."
he thought.
She found that she was at the bottom of a pit of ruble and burnt debris. All along the outside of the pit she could see firefighters, police officers, and construction crews along with their respective vehicles and equipment. Carol's jacket and gloves had completely burnt away, and her tank top and jeans were left in tatters. Feeling overwhelmed, Carol laid down on her back, pressing a hand to her forehead.
"Alright," she said. "I'm going to head home then. Are you sure you don't need help with anything?"
." Clint shrugged.
"Understandable," she said. "But you won't have to. We do not need your testimony. You can see everything happen in the video."
"Then tell him to suit up," Tony said. "I'm bringing the party to you." Within seconds the armor could be seen doing a wide curve around a building, closely followed by the sky-whale, which seemed to make a point of slamming the side of its body into the same building. Everyone grabbed their weapons, prepared to engage.
"It's too late for that," Knežević growled. "If there was a silent alarm, security has already been alerted. I'm coming to get you. Grab as much as you can and meet me outside."
As he and Steve got in the elevator, Tony couldn't help but wonder what the hell happened. Obviously, the Avengers had been attacked. That was enough to warrant the police and media presence, but Tony had a feeling something else was going on; something bad. He just hoped he hadn't left Pepper in a bad position as he hit the button for the forty-fourth floor.
long. However, he had seemingly forgotten that time seemingly moved slower when you were anxious, and each minute felt like a solid day as he waited for Tony to emerge from the therapist's office. Steve tried to tell himself that nothing too bad could possibly be happening. After all, it was only an hour. There wasn't much that could be done to Tony in that time. Then he remembered how his mother had described how she had seen a child go from being aggressive and combative to docile and unresponsive in seconds just by having a doctor insert a needle in his eye and anxiety spiked in the pit of his stomach again. The only thing that kept him seated was the fact that he was on the thirty-second floor and the only way he'd be able to get to fresh air in a timely manner would be if he jumped out the window.
Well, her heart got left out in the cold a while ago and she highly doubted the person it belonged to would ever come back for it.
"Grow a spine, JARVIS," Tony remarked. "Tell him that I have a date." It was the truth, even if his date hadn't shown up yet.
"That's what I thought," Lara said with a sigh. "What about the others? Have you seen them?" Again, Bruce shook his head.
The therapist's office wasn't too far away – just up and across a few blocks from the Tower – but they were going to drive there anyway, mostly because it was February and none of them felt like freezing to death on the walk over. They were, however, going to at least try to be environmentally conscious by all going in the same car. The five of them would be going into the office together, with Steve, Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy acting as moral support (and deterrence against running away at the last possible second.) Natasha, Bruce, and Clint would be staying back, but they did wish Tony good luck the night before, and Bruce even offered to have lunch ready by the time they got back. So, that was something to look forward to at least.
"She was helping out a friend," Natasha said. "She doesn't need any kind of repayment."
"It's not like it could be helped," he said. "If there was something that could be done, I'd do it."
Originally uploaded to FFN on 9/1/18.
"No," Tony said. "Steve, you don't get it. I'm
"Same here," Tony said. "All I want is to feel good again, but I don't know how to do that."
"Is there anything I can do to help with that?" Pepper pressed two fingers to her temple.
"Certainly," JARVIS said. "I've been monitoring his vitals for the past five hours, keeping a lookout for signs that a serious reaction had taken place. Had his condition taken a turn for the worse, I would have contacted the emergency services and yourself, along with Obadiah Stane." Rhodey narrowed his eyes.
Lara could see red flags going up in Pepper's eyes. She turned to her left and as far as Lara could tell, started signaling to someone offscreen; likely Happy or Cabe or even Agent Morse. She didn't need to see what she was signaling to get the message, though. It was clear. They needed to get him offstage before he said something damaging. That was easier said than done.
"Meth lab?" He gawked. "That's not a meth lab! That is my research! My life's work! You can't just dismiss it as-"
Just mere moments after coming into physical contact with Knežević, the woman's skin was entirely turned to stone. The only things that remained untouched were her clothes, her hair, her fingernails, and her eyes. The eyes were the worst part, darting around with panic and fear. Knežević observed her for several minutes, watching how her body reacted to the change. Eventually, her eyes stopped moving and glazed over. By his guess, the lining of her respiratory tract became covered by the sheet of stone as well. Because of that, her lungs couldn't expand, and she couldn't breathe, effectively suffocating her to death. Knežević clicked his tongue in response.
"You don't need to apologize for that, Natasha, I do." Nat's eyes went wide as she turned to look at Bruce.
"Let's start with the fact that she's nowhere near qualified for the position," he said.
"Did you write it down, though?" Steve gently asked. Tony shook his head.
"That you didn't care about anything when you were drunk, and people liked you better when you drank." Tony nodded in agreement to that and urged Steve to go on. "You said no one values you for anything other than a paycheck and free tech."
To the right, there appeared to be a few sets of offices, again probably left over from when the space used to be a bank. Lucy led her over to one of these offices, lightly tapping on the door before partially opening it. She quietly conversed with whoever was inside before fully opening it and gesturing for Lara to go in. There, she saw a young man with blond hair sitting at a conference table. The only other pieces of furniture in the room were the chair he was sitting in and the one she was supposed to. Inexplicably, Lara felt a chill go down her spine.
"Exactly," Bruce said.
"Ah, I see," Carol said. "Well, I'm not Asgardian if that's what you're wondering. I'm technically not entirely alien either."
"Mr. Stark." The cold tone with which Steve said that immediately threw Tony off-guard. The shock was like being doused with a bucket of ice water. Sure, he hadn't expected Steve to look at him with nothing but love in his eyes and run into his arms like a damn Nicholas Sparks novel, but that was just mean. Tony tried to think of anything he might have said or done recently that might have upset Steve. The only thing that was coming to mind was…
Slowly, Natasha started to lower her gun. Steve came up next to her and gently pried the weapon from her fingers. She let him. Her gaze drifted down to the ground and for a moment, Steve worried that she was going to fall over. However, Nat was strong enough to keep herself upright, so the concern ended up not being necessary. Steve brought his hand up to his comms unit and asked for a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent to come and assist in the arrest. After all, it was clear Nat wasn't going to be able to do it.
"Right," Happy said. "Of course." He then pushed the driver's seat up so Steve and Tony could get in the back. Tony managed to do so without any help and Steve followed closely behind him. Once they were in, Happy pushed the seat back into its correct position and got in himself.
"Last year," Fury said. "Earth had a visitor from another planet who had a grudge match that leveled a small town. We learned that not only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly, hilariously, outgunned."
"Really?" Adoniram said. "He did all of that on his own?"
"Oh, how silly of me," he said. "How could I not notice something like that?" He pressed a chaste kiss to Tony's lips. "I can forgive you," he said. "Especially since there's a lot we can do in ten minutes." Steve licked his lips.
"Shit," Clint muttered to himself. "But that's not reason enough to lie to your loved ones. Just because he was worried about you while you were going through withdrawals…"
(See the end of the chapter for
"How could he?" Bruce asked. "The door was locked."
"You aren't experiencing any muscle weakness?" Wylie asked. "You haven't suddenly passed out and stopped breathing?"
"I know that," Steve said. "I know everyone already knows about you and realistically, this wouldn't put you in any danger, but I can't…" Steve had to take a deep breath. He couldn't figure out where his thoughts were going. He just knew he needed to make one thing clear to Tony. "You know I… Care about you, right?" He didn't risk using the "L" word for fear of a bad reaction. Hesitantly, Tony nodded.
"I'm sorry," Tony said. "But my world doesn't work that way." Tony rubbed his forehead as another wave of pain traveled through his skull. "Listen, do you guys have aspirin or anything like that on hand?"
"You lived."
"This way." Tony tapped the door he had meant for Bruce to go to. Apparently, he'd just gotten his left and right flipped and went into the supply closet directly across the hall, which Lara had been hiding in. Bruce gave a grateful nod and quickly disappeared behind the door. Meanwhile, Lara scratched the back of her head.
"No," Fury said. "But I wouldn't put it past Howard Stark to withhold certain files from S.H.I.E.L.D. archive if he believed they were of use to him. He did try to keep a vial of Rogers' blood for himself, after all."
"Sorry about that," he could hear Steve apologize as he stepped closer to the stairs leading up to the plane. "Some of us had a hard time waking up this morning." If Tony were standing closer to him, he'd pinch Steve for saying that, probably on the butt. Instead, he settled for rolling his eyes.
"Well, I can assure you that anything you tell me stays within this room – unless I believe you're going to take drastic action against yourself or others." Tony let out a pained sigh.
S.H.I.E.L.D.'s hellicarrier base has been attacked and in the scuffle, Agent Phil Coulson has been killed and Thor and a Hulked-out Banner are now MIA. What remains of the Avengers is broken and scattered. With very little hope left, can the team pull together?
"I don't remember any of this," he said. "This happened yesterday?"
Listening to Oswin's story, Duran could tell that she was being truthful, even though it was obvious Bergeron didn't think the same. Oswin sat up straight, maintained eye contact, and looked up whenever she was asked to recall a certain detail. Those were all clear-cut signs she was telling the truth. However, Bergeron's tone became more and more frustrated as the interrogation went on. He kept insisting that she was lying and urging her to tell the truth, but there was no other truth to tell.
, but yes. I want to be with you, Tony, in every sense of the word." A small smile came across Tony's face.
"Good." Tony let out his own breath of relief. "Glad we're on the same page."
"Seriously?" Tony questioned. "Why don't you go and say that to the buzzards outside?" Rhodey frowned and knelt so he could be more eye-level with him. Tony refused to look at him, causing Rhodey to let out a sigh.
"Yes, you do," she said. "You're coughing like that and you have a heart condition. That can't be safe or healthy or…"
Please, seriously, you can't kill me yet! If you kill me you're not going to get the next chapter and then you'll be forever stuck in limbo never knowing whether or not Tony's okay! Truthfully, I didn't want to end the chapter here. I wanted to end it with a definitive answer, but I just HAD to get dangerously close to my word limit (I try to end chapters before I hit six-thousand words because I know I don't want to read a chapter that long, do you?) so I had no choice but to end it here and continue the rest in a later chapter. I hope no one's too mad at me! ...Yes, I see your cursor hovering over the TOR icon. Don't do it!
"I should probably look into that once my decryption program finishes breaking into all of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s secure files." Alarm bells chimed loudly in Steve's head.
Steve looked from Tony, back to the redheaded woman in front of them. Even though she was shorter than the both, she had sort of a natural air of intimidation airing from her, indicating that she was tougher and stronger than she looked. The black uniform and the insignia patches on her sleeves indicated that she was an Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D., which caused Steve to look down at the tracker bracelet confused. He hadn't pressed the button, so why had S.H.I.E.L.D. shown up? He spun it around on his wrist, trying to figure out if he could have jostled the little metallic band in some way that would have caused the tracker to be activated.
"Yes," Lara said.
Remember kids, give Rhodey some love today! (Even though he's stubborn and I can't find a way to write him in!)
Steve wasn't going to acknowledge it or say it aloud. At least, not in that moment, but…
Oswin clung to Nina's stone form as she sobbed. She had followed Agent Duran out the door and chased after Knežević after the agent's attempt to shoot him had failed. She followed him for a good three or four blocks before she inevitably lost him. At that point, she had returned to Nina's side. She was too late.
Marx nodded.
"I don't know," she admitted. "With Dante, nothing is off the table. He's that much of an idiot."
"Seriously, though," Banner said, even though he was smiling, too. "Only do it if you feel up to it. If you want to rest, that's fine, too. We'll leave you alone." Clint shook his head.
"Okay," she said. "What should I say if Pepper or someone comes in here looking for you?"
"Alright then," Lara said. "Sorry for disturbing you."
"Come on," Peggy said. "Even if you don't want to talk about what's wrong, at least let me in to sit down. Believe it or not this baby's heavier than she looks." Tony nodded and took Sharon from her. Peggy walked in and sat down in his desk chair. Tony sat down with Sharon on his bed and said nothing, even as the baby grabbed hold of the collar of his shirt and tried to bring it to her mouth to chew on.
"I know," Coulson said. "But sometimes it's better to accept that some things can't be explained."
"Hey, when that girl called me 'Killer Queen' back there, was she talking about the song?" Tony laughed.
"If they did then they're miracle workers," she said. "We weren't here that fast and we're in
Stark stepped forward and almost immediately tripped over his own two feet. Jessica reached out and caught him. For a moment, she thought she smelled something strange but brushed it off. She had bigger concerns now. Slowly, she lifted him and helped him to stand.
Carol grimaced at the thought. She could feel the edges of self-blame dredging up from deep within her subconscious. She kept the tidal wave back by reminding herself of the facts.
A few minutes after Stone sat down next to Tony on the bed, he went in and stole a kiss. Tony was a little surprised at first, but quickly kissed back. It did not take long after that for the clothes to start coming off. Rhodey turned his back to the TV, not needing to see his best friend's privacy be most maliciously violated.
Rhodey retells the story of how Tony was outed to the public, and it might not be something Steve wants to hear.
"And I, you, Brother Duane," Adoniram said. "You are dismissed."
"Is there anything…" She stopped speaking as soon as she realized that it wasn't Salinas sitting on the couch and although seeing Tony Stark there was a surprise, the real shock came when she saw the glass of water in his hand. "Oh my god…"
"Be right back." He then headed straight for the stairs. Natasha turned and sat down in an armchair set out nearby. Steve and Bruce sat down on the couch perpendicular to it.
"I don't know." That was the truth of it. Tony didn't know what to think. Apart of him wanted to believe that the others wanted to help, but another part of him – a piece that had been broken and stepped on way too many times – was telling him not to believe it; not to trust them. He didn't know which one to listen to; which one was right.
"I can't say that I'm not going to go to the cops." Dante scoffed at that.
Lying back down, Tony ran his fingers over the fabric of the comforter. It was a metallic, silky material in a blue a few shades lighter than the wall. Slowly, Lara's words came back to him about how he had been depriving himself of comfort. He wasn't going to lie, that stung and almost made him retreat into the kitchen for that bottle of Jack Daniels he kept in the cabinet under the sink. However, now he had enough clarity to know that it only stung because it was true. He denied himself comfort; from Steve; from his friends; from his surroundings; from everything. Everything except the bottom of a bottle, and while he wasn't wholly sober yet, he could see at least a bit of what he'd been missing out. Rolling onto his side, Tony wrapped his arms around one of the pillows and allowed himself to relax, taking deep, calm breaths in and out.
The ride up to the apartment went a lot faster than the one up to the penthouse, which was good. The best thing, though, was that his wait was considerably shortened because as soon as the elevator doors opened, he came face-to-face with Steve. There wasn't even time for the two of them to exchange looks before Tony threw his arms around Steve, who reciprocated just as fast.
"That's amazing!" he exclaimed. "How did you do that?"
The other thing that the board had a problem with was that the relationship and role Stark Industries was going to have with the Avengers was so undefined, but Tony was working on that. The first step he took was the allocate some of Stark Industries funds into clean-up and rebuilding throughout the city. Pepper had agreed to it without hesitation and as a result of all of this, SI entered a joint venture with the US government to create the Department of Damage Control.
Just as Tony was polishing off the last bit of scotch in his glass, Happy had pulled up to the curb alongside the staff tent that had been set up on the edge of the property. Returning the glass to the minibar, Tony looked out the window and gauged the situation he was walking into. The press had already gathered and had turned their cameras onto the newly arrived limo, along with a few hundred onlookers. Shifting his gaze, Tony made eye contact with Happy through the rearview mirror.
"Relax," Tony said. "I promise you, Steve will be fine. I won't take him anywhere crowded or that would upset him and if you don't trust me, you can track him, right?"
"Perfectly."
"Who?" Jessica sighed. She probably should have expected this.
"Chef salad, no cheese, no dressing," Lara responded without even needing to think about it. She then walked past Pepper and began to pick up the boxes.
"Steve." Tony's voice called him back to reality. He turned to see Tony standing there with an indescribable look on his face. It made Steve's heart skip a beat and a fluttering feeling to emerge in his stomach. "Is there anything you want to see first?"
"And you know this doesn't affect the way I feel about you? It's just my own stupid fears." Tony frowned.
He started with the closest person he could find, the judge who had sentenced him to twelve years in prison. He was able to find him listed in the white pages and he lived only a few blocks from Lorraine. Breaking into the man's house, he found the honorable judge asleep in his bed with his wife. Careful not to do anything to awaken them as he approached the bed, Knežević grabbed ahold of both of their arms. They both let out sharp cries of shock and horror at the sudden contact and the intrusion, but before long they were completely silent, their skin and inner linings of their bodies now turned to stone. Knežević didn't even stay long enough to watch them suffocate to death. He was already on to the next one.
"Listen," Steve said. "I'm sorry I ran out of the room. I just… I needed fresh air. I hope I didn't upset you."
"Are you Miss Pepper Potts?" The officer who had called out to her asked.
that the speaker system on the suit made him sound like an emotionless robot.
"Understandable," Bruce said.
"No, Fury confirmed. "It means things have gotten a lot worse for us."
"Excuse me?" she questioned. "Since when do we have team meetings?"
"Ooo," Lara said. "Harsh words, andouille."
"They have a whole TV show about it on A&E," Clint added. "Be warned, though; it's not for the faint of heart."
"A lot of things," he said. "I don't think I could list them all off the top of my head."
"What are you talking about?"
"Yeah, he's looking real lively there." Tony heard someone scoff at his sarcastic remark and a tablet was thrust into his hands. On the screen was a series of medical readings that were coming from the man who was supposedly Rogers.
"The media never sleeps," Freeman defended. "And I'm still being pressed for information. You wouldn't happen to know anything?"
"Hopefully." Slowly, Lara looked up and met Bruce's eyes. "I'm sorry. You shouldn't have to concern yourself with me." Bruce's eyes widened.
"Is that what you want?" Tony swallowed hard.
"We can discuss those details later," he said. "But, first thing's first, do you happen to have your own house or apartment or something?"
"I'm deaf," Clint repeated.
"He's shaking terrible," Steve pointed out. "Is that a sign that he's going to have a seizure?"
"It's all that we have here that I think you want," he said. "If you don't like it, the exit's that way."
"Okay," he said before he started to lean in; practically pulling himself into Steve's lap and wrapping his arms around his neck to give him a hug. "I'll promise I'll be careful." Steve reciprocated the hug, wrapping his arms around Tony's shoulders and moving his mouth to speak into his ear.
"Excuse me, Miss Potts!" Lara's face blanched immediately upon hearing the voice and from the way Pepper's whole body stiffened up, she could tell that she wasn't too pleased, either. Turning around, she could see Duane Freeman approaching them and she had to stifle the urge to groan.
"Do you think you'd be able to rob a place like a lab or something?" He had to know. This girl could be the key to getting to see his girls again and providing them the life they deserved.
"Then why in the hell do you think this is your fault?" Stark asked.
No matter what it was, Tony couldn't help but feel upset by that cold greeting. Regardless of the reason if Steve wanted to be like that, fine. Tony could be just as cold. Treat others as you'd like to be treated, after all.
About twenty minutes into the movie, JARVIS informed them that their delivery had arrived and was waiting for them in the main security office (which was now protocol for all mail and deliveries of any type addressed to the penthouse.) Bruce offered to go and get the food. He had seen the movie before and didn't mind missing a few minutes. Given that Lara wasn't entirely enthusiastic about watching the film, she offered to join him.
He was only finally convinced to give in when he glanced up at his honorary aunt. Her green eyes looked at him, full of concern and sincerity. She honestly wanted to know what was wrong, so she could help him. She wasn't going to get mad. Hell, maybe if he asked, she wouldn't tell his parents. There was only one problem, though, and his eyes slowly drifted over to the door. Peggy took notice and glanced over her shoulder before looking back at him.
"You know, my house is just down the street. Why don't we head back there and get you warmed up?" Tony eyed him skeptically. All those warnings his mother gave him as a child about not getting into cars with strangers flashed through his mind.
"You sure about that?" Tony felt the surge of guilt going through him increase as he looked at his friend.
"I do." Smith nodded before getting up from the table. Tony looked back at the screen that showed Barton."
"Like what?"
"Oh, come on," he said. "You're not willing to start an international incident for me?"
"How are they?" Lara asked, nodding her head towards the bedroom door.
. It took a lot to scare her. Apparently nearly getting pulverized by a giant green rage monster could do it.
He stepped through the doorframe, into the office, and through the door that led to the assembly station for his armor. It was one of many placed throughout the building. He had it set up so that way he could be on almost any floor and be able to get suited up and ready for battle at any time. The armor wasn't what he was going into the assembly station for, though. He was after his tool bag.
"Probably not," Lara said. "But I have a friend from the Secret Service who lives in the city. I'll be okay.
"Patch it through to the Quinjet, too," Tony said. "They need to hear this."
The night before they flew out to D.C., Tony had been working on the MK13 armor. It wasn't as ready for use in battle yet and he was more likely to call for the MK12 if something had happened, but he still felt the need to but the MK13 on standby, just in case. Thankfully, Armageddon didn't rain down upon them, so there ended up being no need.
"Are you having nightmares?" The hopeful note in Tony's voice caused Steve's heart to lurch uneasily.
With that thought, Oswin realized what she needed to do. She had to turn herself in. She didn't care if she was going to go to jail anymore. Innocent people were in danger and it wasn't like she had anything to lose.
"You sure you feel okay?" he asked as he lifted Tony up.
"Yeah," he said. "I don't know where I'd be today if I hadn't been assigned to room with the skinny fourteen-year-old kid-genius all those years ago. Probably would not have been nowhere near as fun.
Everyone had gathered in the living area of Steve and Tony's suite. Almost as soon as they arrived, Lara (who had brought Clint's puppy with her) practically pushed Steve into the shower. Since they now knew that Tony was safe, there was no reason for him to be running around in a rumpled suit, smelling like a wet goat. She gave him a gray t-shirt and a pair of sweatpants to change into (as it was clear that they weren't going to make it to any of their interviews at that point) and left him to do what he needed to do.
"Mama," the girl said at a softer volume. "Bucky stuck his finger in my ear."
"Affirmative, Sir," The AI confirmed.
As if on cue the gem in Loki's scepter began to glow and Loki's eyes drifted shut. When he opened them again, he wasn't in the deep underground tunnel anymore. Instead, he was in space, standing on the surface of the asteroid where he found himself abandoned on oh so long ago. The hooded figure that had discovered Loki that day – whom Loki had come to mentally refer to as "the other" – stood before him. Loki tried to give off the utmost sense of restraint and confidence as he looked his previous tormentor in the eyes.
"Trouble sleeping?" Steve found that question odd given that it was almost three in the afternoon but nonetheless tossed back a witty retort.
"Fine," he said. "Where are we going?" Jessica bit her lip. She had to think about that.
"No, I don't," Tony said. "I still have to get frisked beforehand just like everyone else."
"It's a thought," Lara said. "But in the end, I think we both know what you
For the first full minute, nothing happened. They could have been watching a still image of the empty elevator and they would have been none the wiser. Proof that the video was playing only came when a woman stepped into the elevator, hit a button for whatever floor she was going to, and then stepped out a few moments later. Steve was becoming worried that this was ultimately a dead end when at about five minutes in, Tony finally stepped into the elevator.
"But you would have plenty of it for me if I was locked away in a Bahaman prison."
"What does anyone expect in a situation like that?" Tony said. "That's beyond what's normal."
It made him want to skip through a field of flowers with a whole pack of puppies nipping at his heels. That was a good way to keep calm. The Hulk liked puppies. Hill was clearly struggling to keep her cool, though.
"I didn't think it was that bad," Bruce said, carefully trying to reassure her.
"In the meantime," Hill said. "Why don't you all explain to me how this happened in the first place?"
"I really need to talk to you about that when you're sober." Tony's brow creased in confusion.
Tony did as the doctor asked. It was a long, tedious process and he could tell that the doctor didn't like what she was hearing. She'd keep the stethoscope on the same spot and ask him to breathe in and out several times. By the end of it, Tony felt incredibly light-headed. However, the doctor wasn't done with him yet. As soon as she finished listening to his lungs, she asked him to open his mouth, so she could look at his throat. Once again, she let out a surprised "wow." Tony was starting to hate that word.
"I'm sure," Tony said.
"Yes," he said. "My dad… He wasn't always the person people saw him as. A lot of things happened over the years. It changed him. I doubt he was anything like the man you knew by the time I came along."
"Does that help?" she asked.
"Things could be going better," he said. "In fact, that's why I'm here. I don't have time to chat."
"Headache," Tony said. "The unrelenting fear that I'm going to choke to death…"
"As far as I know," Bruce said. "Why?"
"What parent is throwing their kid's birthday party at the Hay-Adams Hotel?"
"Andouille," Tony said.
"We need to get better at this," she said.
he thought.
"Too late." Lara hit the "end call" button. She had a feeling that it was going to be Dante. He probably figured out that his calls weren't going through and she had stopped him from spoofing her and moved on to another phone. She sighed, although it was probably inevitable.
Captain America – and yes, she could remember who that was – didn't return after leaving to go get changed. The other three – Bruce Banner, Natasha Romanoff, and Clint Barton – insisted that she go ahead and tell her story without him. If the good Captain wanted to take his time getting ready, that was fine. They could just fill him in later. However, that only served to put more pressure on Carol. Now she had to be extra careful and get as much as she could right, lest it be lost in translation from the other three's retellings.
stabbing each other."
The sound of the elevator's chime and the doors opening distracted them. They stepped inside, Bruce hitting the button for the level the security office was on. As the doors closed, he gave her a look of concern.
"No," Pepper said after a few moments passed without Tony speaking up. "No, we're good for now." The doctor nodded.
"Unless," Tony said. "Selvig has figured out how to stabilize the quantum tunneling effect."
"Show me what?" Tony questioned. "Why can't you just tell me?"
"However, we are going to have to take you to a secure location." Carol shrugged.
To his response, Lara's response wasn't an immediate "no." Instead, she closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Then, swallowing hard, she opened her eyes back up and looked right at him.
.) However, none of this helped her identify what a "Code Orange" was.
"Super-heated glass traveling at terminal velocity striking you across the face?" Tony questioned. "Yeah, of course that's going to sting." Lara shut her eyes again and shrugged.
"Very," Coulson confirmed.
Once the CDC had shown up and deemed them "clean enough," they could exit the showers. Upon their exit, they were given clean undergarments and identical sets of dark blue scrubs to wear. The clothes they had been wearing were taken to be incinerated as soon as they stripped them off. Even if they washed them, there was a chance that particles of the powder could still be clinging to the clothing's fibers and could make someone sick. So, off to the furnace they went. Tony wouldn't be too mad about it if they hadn't taken his sunglasses, too.
"Goodbye." A moment later Laura's face disappeared and was replaced by a "call disconnected" screen. Clint put the laptop down and leaned back against the wall.
"Yes," Bruce said. "And I'm not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy. I'd like to know why S.H.I.E.L.D. is using the Tesseract to build weapons of mass destruction."
appearance tomorrow."
"Tony," he started to say, but Tony gently placed three fingers on his lips, effectively cutting him off.
The movie went by rather quickly and most were barely paying attention due to having seen it before. They kept their chatter low, though, aware of the fact that Steve had almost certainly not seen the film before. As far as Tony could tell, he enjoyed it. However, he did notice that Steve's arms tightened around his waist when they got to Goose's death scene. Realizing his boyfriend was probably thinking of his fallen brother in everything but blood, Tony leaned back and pressed a kiss to his cheek.
"Not really," she said. Natasha gave her a weird look. "An agent, I mean. I did bring Tony to safety. S.H.I.E.L.D does not employ me. I was with the Air Force, but I've taken things to the next level." Natasha's eyes narrowed, clearly scrutinizing Carol. Carol didn't flinch. When it became clear she wasn't going to elaborate on herself any further, Fury spoke up.
"What?" she questioned, looking from one person to the next. "I don't…"
"You were in pain and under a lot of stress and you snapped," she said. "I get it. I've been there."
"Read that," she said. "That'll keep you occupied."
(See the end of the chapter for
When Duran finally arrived at the restaurant, it looked like she had just barely made it in time. Nina was sitting at a table in front of the establishment and looked to be filling out the bill. The short brunette woman that was sitting with her got up and headed inside the building, giving Duran the perfect opportunity to talk to Nina alone. Before Nina took notice of her presence, Duran took possession of the seat next to her and began speaking.
"You okay though?" he asked.
"Where's Drew?" was his immediate question. Carol turned to look behind her.
"You didn't have to," the redhead said. "Commander Hill has had agents tracking your movements since you left yesterday. We gave you two a little leeway, but now times up. Captain Rogers has to return to S.H.I.E.L.D. immediately."
"Oh, the horror," Tony remarked, but he was relieved that it was nowhere near as bad as it looked.
She stared straight ahead of her as doctors bustled around her. This was it. Whatever had been stopping her powers was going to be fixed, but to think of what she was sacrificing to get them back… She couldn't think of it. She just stared at the ceiling tiles and tried to ignore the fact that she was lying naked on an operating table in a room full of strange men with wires stuck to her skin and an oxygen mask over her face that made it impossible to scream.
believe in such false profits, sir." The taller man's tone held deep conviction as well as sharp notes of lividity.
"No, I haven't," she said. "Not since the party last night. What happened?" For what felt like the millionth time Steve explained the situation. He was getting sick of having to do that. However, both Clint and Natasha swore up and down that they hadn't seen Tony, nor had they let him into their rooms. By the time they finished, Bruce had joined them, and Steve was feeling an increasing amount of pressure on his chest.
"I want help," he admitted. I do, it's just… There's stuff I don't want to talk about."
"Peggy…" he found himself saying.
The surveillance video had turned up nothing. It just showed everything as normal in the lab, but then suddenly it was trashed with no explanation. They thought they had a break when Deputy Fairchild informed them of similar robberies of banks and jewelry stores in the Los Angeles area, but that case was also completely dry for leads. No surveillance video, no fingerprints, no DNA… They were completely at a loss for suspects and even if they found one, they'd have nothing to tie them to the crime. The only thing resembling a lead he had was the idea that whoever did this had the intentions of selling the chemicals on the black market and that was a weak theory at best. He had told the guys monitoring Silkroad to keep an eye out just in case, but he doubted anything would turn up.
"Your friend?" she questioned.
"Not necessarily," she said. "I still find it doubtful that he left the hotel, but it would make looking for him much easier."
"Save it," Steve commanded. "Loki's going to keep this fight focused on us, and that's what we need. Without him, these things could run wild. We've got Tony up top. He's going to need us to…" The sound of an engine approaching cut Steve off. Turning around, he saw none other than Dr. Banner approaching on a motorcycle, coming to a stop a few feet away. The group went over to meet him.
"I know," Steve said. "I just feel like I'm keeping you waiting."
"Thank you," she said.
"Oh, shit," she said. "I didn't realize… Crap, that means that it
Then something funny happened; the world didn't end.
"Yes," Tony said. "Come on, we'll be late. Get in." Conroy nodded and moved as quickly as she could while wearing high heels and juggling a laptop and a Starbucks cup in her hands.
For a while, it was quiet. Tony just focused on breathing and his proximity to Steve. He was almost relaxed back into a sound sleep when Steve softly spoke up.
"Don't talk either," Natasha ordered from the phone. "It's on your lips. It'll go into your mouth."
"Shut up," Carol said. "Where is he?"
"It was only one day," she said.
"I need a time," she said.
"Uh, here?" Tony said. "Where else would I be?"
get the tracker bracelet off?" Steve cringed at the memory of having to wear one of those while he went out with Tony the previous year. He hated it. It felt like S.H.I.E.L.D. had eyes on him everywhere they went. The only reason why he didn't try to rip the thing off his wrist was that he was afraid all S.H.I.E.L.D. would swoop down on them and ruin their night. However, Loki would be hunted by S.H.I.E.L.D. regardless of whether he had the bracelet on or not. He had nothing to lose trying to rip the bracelet off and when people had nothing to lose they would do anything to get away from those pursuing them. Steve, however, remained silent and Tony took that to mean he had no point to argue and continued.
