across the hall?”
“It’s okay.”
“Consider for a moment. If the Impala was like other 1967 Impalas in every way, except that it occasionally spewed rainbows from its tailpipe instead of exhaust. While that would be delightful -”
“I think I’d like to grow tomatoes,” he answers honestly. “And something called ‘heirloom squash,’ maybe. There are the cleverest irrigation systems, raised beds,
Dean ticks the reasons off on his fingers.
Cas hears murmuring in the background, Dean’s low voice.
“Sex, Dean.”
Dean is at the war room table, laptop open, when Sam comes up behind him.
“Fine. Uh, 2010. At an open mic night in central Ohio - I sang a little something for Lisa.” Dean rubs at a scuff on the dash, and remembers the way Lisa had smiled at him so much brighter than he deserved for a few mumbled verses of ‘Walk the Line.’
Cas stirs beside him, arm going snug around his chest. Dean shifts back against him, his bare ass against Cas’ dick.
"Exactly as you would expect. Dinner with his family, making a difference in the life of a child - those sorts of things. He had an enviable clarity of purpose."
“Thanks,” he says, gruff and self-conscious. It’s not enough—he knows that.
“No, no—that’s okay. I’ll catch up with her later.”
He’s been in this situation before. Except he’s fairly certain that this time, the person in front of him is not a mercenary reaper out for his blood.
“Ohmagawd,” he says, around a mouthful of deliciousness.
“What, did you snag a holy axe or something on your way out the door?”
When he looks up, he catches the hint of a smile at the corner of Cas’ mouth.
She takes the exit for Spirit Lake, and Dean can practically feel his blood pressure rise as they pull up to a steel utility building painted in garish patriotic red, white, and blue on the edge of town. Sam claps him on the shoulder on the way out, and a guy who must be Carl offers him a classically midwestern two-handed handshake in welcome.
"No, no, you."
Cas’ arm goes around his waist, the other snaking under Dean’s pillow until it all suddenly fits. Dean reaches out to click off the lamp, leaving the room in that unnatural darkness that comes with living underground.
“My childhood - whatever that even means - sucked ass.”
Cas directs Dean to drive them to a bend in the river, just past some baseball fields and a playground. Underneath the adjacent highway overpass, Cas wades knee-deep into the river as Dean protests loudly from the rocky shore. He crouches down low, trench coat flaring out behind him on the surface of the water, and murmurs something Dean can’t hear.
noticing. It was fine. Normal for a friend to notice his buddy's ass, from time to time.
“That sounds great.”
Cas nods, lips grazing over Dean’s cheek. “Thank you,” he whispers, like Dean would ever be anything other than generous with him.
“Yeah?”
Cas stiffens, taking in a quick breath before shaking his head.
“I thought we were going on another - what’d you call it? Nocturnal harvest? Full disclosure, dude, but that sounds weirdly porny. Like, monster porny. I don’t wanna call it that. Night gardening. How’s that instead?”
This time, Cas kisses him first. It’s slower, softer, and Dean lets it happen. Cas’ hand in Dean’s shirt unclenches, but he keeps his palm there, pressed to the center of his chest where Dean knows he must be able to feel his heart racing. Cas’ lips detour to his temple, his jaw, the side of his neck, and embarrassingly, his forehead. There’s enough kindness in it to give Dean half a mind to throw himself in the lake, but he bears it. He owes Cas that much.
Dean folds the loop of rope over Cas’ wrist, pulling the ends through. The motions are familiar, comforting even, as he wraps the rope twice and hitches it off under Cas’ steady stare. He ties the tails to an anchor point beside the bed, one of four he installed months ago when it became clear that this was going to become a regular occurrence. He runs a hand down Cas’ bare arm from wrist to shoulder, kissing the side of Cas’ neck before he tests the tension in the line. It’s got the right amount of give—barely any at all but enough to be safe. The process repeats on the other side, everything symmetrical and precise. Cas tracks his movements with his eyes but is otherwise still. This part is always quiet, leaving just the sound of their breathing—Cas’ naturally slow and even, Dean’s anything but. He’ll settle down later. They’ve got all night.
He can argue the case against himself all day long—judge, jury and executioner—but he can’t change what Cas thinks of him. And there was that kiss, on a dock that doesn’t exist anywhere but his own mind. He shakes his head, finishes the last of his coffee down to the grainy end, and stabs a piece of uninspiring cantaloupe like it’s wronged him personally. The waitress probably thinks he’s on the tailend of a bender, but he can’t be the first person to have had an argument with themselves at the crack of dawn in this diner.
But the morning after the tornado, Dean pulls out his phone. Claire answers on the second ring.
“It is a challenge to narrow it to just one thing,” Cas says, dabbing at a dot of sour cream at the corner of his mouth with a napkin. “But if I had to, I’d say mutual forgiveness. The ability to grow and move forward after shared trauma.”
“Fuck, I’m gonna make such a good pie out of those berries,” Dean says dreamily as Cas kisses up the side of his neck, hands slipping just under the back of his shirt.
“Anyone who has seen you interact with a child could attest.”
in here.
“My mom took me here once, uh, before,” Dean says, hands stuffed in the pockets of his jacket. “She was pregnant with Sammy at the time, and we were visiting some cousins in Chicago. Or something. Who knows, I was four years old. The sand stuck with me though. It’s still the only real beach I’ve ever seen.”
He needs a weighted blanket and a fifth of whiskey and at least a baker's dozen of monsters to kill before he can deal with this, before he can -
Shit.
“The sacred pact?” Dean asks, spearing a chunk of perfectly cooked Eggs Benedict into his mouth, not laughing, definitely not smiling around his fork and loving Cas for all that he is.
“‘If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want?’” Cas reads off his phone.
“There’s some sweats at the bottom,” Dean says, glancing quickly over before looking back at the road. “Uh, not sure if the jeans will fit. You, um.”
"I love you so damn much," Dean says, and he means it. It's crazy how much he means it, and even crazier how easy it is to say.
Cas awakens by the ocean. Coastal Maine, going by the rock formations. He takes inventory of his body. Not his
“You’re saying we’ve got heaven’s finest automatons to thank for why you can’t just...”
Just then, a northerly wind picks up out of nowhere, pushing them toward the garden gate.
“Alright, alright. Brain, I guess. I’ve sure as shit seen enough of mindless muscle. What about you?”
But he’s still thinking. Pulling out tricks, trying to make this the best Cas has ever had so that he never wants anything else..any
“You wanna get out of here?” Dean whispers in Cas’ ear as he fidgets during a hot blue guy’s monologue about the importance of environmental conservation. Dean’s not really paying attention either.
Then, he hears it.
He knows how to do this. He’s
"It's just a name, Dean. When the server returns, all you have to do is say it. Surely you've done harder things."
Ok for anyone keeping track, yes there are three questions left. There'll be an epilogue, but the main story is done.
“Your other hand, please.”
, and worse yet, it looks like it’s working on Cas.
The Empty cocks its head at him and the vice grip around his brain eases, just a fraction.
“Uh, excuse me?” Dean cuts in, feeling like he’s missing something. Cas’ touch, in any capacity, is distracting.
"Anywhere you want, I guess. But my advice? Stick around. It’s just a matter of time.”
“Alright,” Dean says, sitting down on the side of the bed while Cas pulls up an armchair. He still feels a little tight and staticky in his head at how close Cas is, a buzzing in his head at the potential of it. Cas sets a hand on his knee, gentle.
“The question doesn’t specify, so let’s say either.”
tired, and instead of sleeping, he’s having this conversation, again. Insomnia would have been preferable. Or he could go back to cleaning. He adds probably too much honey to his tea.
For his part, Dean’s doing his best just to keep up and remember to breathe, with Cas’ mouth slow on his. As if they’re in no rush, nowhere else they need to be. And for once in Dean’s miserable life, there isn’t. He can just be here, kissing Cas.
“Living or dead?”
“My firsthand experience with deep, personal disclosures is quite recent, so I understand the hesitancy.”
It starts getting competitive after that.
“Right, common knowledge,” Dean quips, grinding back into him. “Keep talkin’ dirty about Catholicism, baby.”
“Yeah, please don’t,” Dean says with a grimace, and pointedly doesn’t think of things they did in the motel attached to the bar during his stint as a demon.
Cas doesn’t just return the truck. He gases it up, even carefully cleans the windshield with the little squeegee at the gas station as Dean texts Sam from the Impala, letting him know the hunt - or whatever this was - is all buttoned up. When they get to the U-Haul place, he helps Cas inspect the truck over for any trace of monster goo before Cas drops the keys into the after-hours box next to the front door.
Dean turns from where he’s stuffing t-shirts and boxers into his duffel and does a double take at the two-day scruff on Cas’ face. It looks...good. Mostly-human Cas usually looks good.
Cas is interested, curious beyond measure, but he resists prying.
“Totally.” A great point, now that Cas has brought it up. Fuck those imperialist dickbag men of letters. “How would we go about doing that? People might start asking questions if we unload a bunch of priceless - hang on. Put a pin in that for now. What I was saying is that I think we should move in together. For real. Somewhere with its own entrance, maybe even a real address? It sucks not being able to get pizza delivered.”
Two hours later, still no luck. At one point, he’d succeeded in falling asleep for a moment, only to be jerked awake by the startling sensation of plummeting to his death. A hypnic jerk, he recalls it being called. As the theory goes, a vestigial leftover from when humans slept in trees. What a curious thing.
“Perfectly safe, but hopefully enough to get your angel to show up. My buddy over in Spirit Lake runs a little business during tourist season. He’s a professional. And you boys owe me a visit anyway.”
“‘Of all the people in your family, whose death would you find most disturbing?’ You already know my answer.”
“Right. So, a normal death, at a normal age. Something that doesn’t involve my guts getting spewed on the cement.”
Dean shudders, hums as he swirls his tongue an extra time or three on the next upstroke.
Cas is swearing and gasping and being all kinds of flattering, his hands petting at Dean’s hair, his shoulders. There are some ‘I love you’s’ mixed in with what sounds like epic poetry or more biblical references. It’s frankly hard to say, when all Dean can think about is how damn good it feels to make Cas feel this good. It’s been a while since he’s done this - more than a while - but it’s like riding a bike. He hasn’t forgotten how to ease off when he feels Cas’ cock jerk against his tongue, how to press the head against the back of his throat and swallow. That gets him Cas’ nails, scratching at his back, and Dean smiles around a mouthful of dick.
Winchester coping mechanisms being what they are, he isn’t surprised, but...
“You can ask me stuff, too,” Dean says, reaching across the table to steal a rogue olive off of Cas’ plate. “Anything.”
Cas grins and kicks the blankets back before rolling smoothly to his stomach and pillowing his head on his arms.
When they finally pull apart, Cas looks at him wide-eyed and glassy.
“Later, Dean,” Cas murmurs in his ear. Dean can’t help the Pavlovian shudder that runs down his spine at the proximity of Cas’ voice. He nods.
“I know you can, but we’re just twenty minutes out—”
“It’s fine, I just need - I’m gonna get some air. It’s fine, just stay here, alright? I’ll be back in a sec.”
“I have full confidence in the both of you.”
“You’ve been asleep for almost twelve hours, yes. You needed it.”
“‘What roles do love and affection play in your life?’” he asks, feeling more than a little squirrely about saying the words
Sam laughs, but when Dean decidedly doesn’t, he bites back his grin.
“No, I mean - yeah. Sure. We can keep going. Like you said, it’s a friend thing.”
“You’re not to come, understand?” Cas says, slipping slick fingers out of Dean, and Dean drops to his elbows, forehead to the rug.
They both drink, and after a quiet moment, Dean gets up to head to the bathroom.
"'Name three things you and your partner appear to have in common,' Cas reads aloud as he pushes his half-eaten plate of pawpaw pie across the table toward Dean. “Besides a willingness to sacrifice for one another, obviously.”
Dean probably wouldn’t appreciate an advanced explanation of the concept of love languages and how his is clearly Acts of Service. Cas feels cared for nonetheless.
“S’ticklish,” Dean grumbles, but he pushes his ass against him all the same, Cas’ dick settling right where Dean wants it.
“Dean.”
He blinks awake as Sam pulls the Impala into its spot in the bunker’s garage.
know what I mean. You know that it’s different. How he feels about you—nothing is stronger than that.”
"I also want to marry you. We can circle back to the bondage."
He clears his throat and starts to pull his hand back, but Cas hangs on, thumb rubbing slowly across the thin skin on the back of his hand.
Cas laughs, and Dean feels the vibration of his chest against his back.
“Would you like a massage?” Cas asks.
Dean shudders.
Sam scoffs, offended. There's a brief silence, then Dean hears Eileen laugh in the background.
Dean shakes himself, letting his palm rest over Cas’ spine, doing nothing. He’s warm through the thin shirt, and Dean’s massively fucked. Way, way out of his depth. He finds the divots between bone and muscle and presses. Cas sighs, and Dean is flooded with how much Cas deserves to be touched like this.
He wonders when Cas saying stuff like that won’t make the back of his neck as red as a kid at the waterpark without sunscreen.
“Ugh, nevermind. Gross, Dean. Not in common spaces,” Sam says, backing away.
He wears out targets in the firing range for an hour (fun), goes for a walk (overrated), and tries to convince himself that raw, unsalted almonds are as good of an afternoon snack as a bag of kettle chips (pointless). Sweaty from the Kansas summer sun, he opts for a midday shower. He gets hard beneath the steady water pressure—first time that’s happened in longer than he wants to think about. He doesn’t do anything with it, but just knowing that he could feels significant. His body doesn’t feel like it belongs to someone else.
“A serial killer on the FBI’s most wanted list, yeah," Dean says with a cringe. Not his finest hour.
"Oh, you go first."
“Truly. You’ll recall, he did die quite nobly. And if even Crowley can be redeemed...”
“I...I think so.”
“You have no idea, none at all, you couldn’t possibly imagine...” Dean smiles, using the leverage he has on the headboard to meet Cas thrust for thrust. “When I say I love you, you should understand what it means.”
“I think dinner’s going to be limited to a can of beans heated over a fire, pal.”
They let themselves into the cab of Jody’s truck and crank on the air, Sam sitting shotgun this time and Dean in the back. Dean pulls a couple of water bottles out of the cooler stowed in the footwell and hands one up to Sam.
“I just meant—Dean, I just meant you guys are basically married. It’d be stupid if you were dating. But that wasn’t what you called about.”
He’s taken off guard when Cas kisses him. He feels the echo of the kiss through the connection, and that’s...wow. That’s worth investigating further. But first, he shows Cas more, shows him everything.
“Who else is left?” Cas asks, looking out of the window and taking in the sterile suburban office buildings, the ineffective highway sound barriers, the
“Definitely not. It’s just a hypothesis, one I’m hoping the garden will somehow confirm or deny.”
Dean fishes the lube bottle out of the sheets, and slicks up Cas’ dick. He adds a few more twists of his wrist than is strictly necessary, which earns an honest-to-god moan out of Cas as he arcs his back against the bed. He wants to finish Cas off like this, make him come all over himself and then add to the mess himself. He wants to fuck Cas’ mouth until his voice is all gravel and then paint his face in come. But most of all, he wants to get Cas inside. To that end, Dean shifts positions, rearranging himself with his knees on either side of Cas’ hips.
Dean shifts down a bit, and feels his spine creak against the cheap bed. Definitely not memory foam.
“Are you angry with me?” Cas asks.
“So, uh.” He fidgets in his chair. Why the fuck is he nervous? He’s either 41 or 81 years old, depending on who you ask. So what, he wants to live in sin with his boyfriend. Who’s still around to care? God never did, and Dad isn’t here. “Me n’ Cas have some news."
"Hand 'em over."
“Thanks, man,” Dean says, his voice sounding like he just finished gargling gravel. Peering at the screen, he sees it’s clocking in at an impressive 12% battery power, so Dean hauls himself to his feet and uses the last of its light to navigate himself to the kitchen and dig around in the cabinets until he finds a flashlight and two glasses he fills with tap water.
Dean sets his burger down, takes a sip of his tea. Something stronger would help, but he’s trying to be better lately. He can do this. He can’t do this.
“I refuse to make assumptions,” Cas says through clenched teeth. He’s had years - over a decade - to learn how to avoid acting on his impulses where Dean is concerned.
“Beach showers exist,” Cas says back pointedly.
“You just - you keep doing this thing, and it’s driving me crazy.”
“So we’re making a Target run, then,” Dean says.
“Do you wanna fuck?” Dean slurs, an arm slung over his tired eyes. Should he be this relaxed? He feels a bit like he could fall asleep, but in a sexy, safe way, not in a bored way. Christ, he’ll never be bored of this, Cas could finger him and suck his dick until he’s pushing ninety in a retirement home.
"The book of Numbers might be a little dry," Cas says, "But I am certain that were I to quote from another book and speak of the taste of your fruit,” he presses an open-mouthed kiss to the junction of groin and thigh. “And your sweet wine, flowing past lips and tongue,” Cas says, a too-brief, sucking kiss to the head of Dean’s cock. “You might feel differently about the Good Book’s erotic potential.”
Cas stands on shaky legs, and makes his way to the intersection. Dean locks eyes with him just as the light turns green, cars passing in between them. He can see the impatience in Dean’s expression from here. Would it be inappropriate to run, when the light changes? Would that be too obvious? The decision is made for him when Dean barely waits for green to shift to yellow before he’s off, breakneck pace and headed right for him. Cas holds still, and braces for impact.
Offering up his sincere apologies to the owner of the shed, he selects a rock from the ground and breaks a pane of glass closest to the door, close enough that he can work his arm inside and twist the lock. The door swings open on rusty hinges, and Cas steps carefully around the broken glass to retrieve his prize - a pair of muck boots two sizes too large, a rough-knit sweater, and a couple pairs of jeans. He pulls the sweater on over his head, immediately cutting down on the shivers running through him. The pants are more of a challenge, gaping at the waist. He roots around until he finds a thin cord that can serve as an impromptu belt. Clicking shut the shed door, he reaches back through the broken window and re-locks the handle, out of nonsensical politeness.
“We have different proportions, you’re right,” Cas offers, logically.
Dean shrugs. "What? Like you wouldn't commit a bigger crime for me, any day of the week. You helped me and Sam
“Number one, daddy issues, obviously. Ain’t no use denying. Number two -” Dean waves a hand vaguely at their refined environs. “An appreciation for the finer things. Number three, like you said. Ride or die. Pie or die. Whatever. You get it. I’m gonna eat now.”
“I’m pretty sure it is,” he says as he fills their mugs, one with a cartoon sunrise Cas remembers buying at a gas station somewhere in New Mexico, and the other clearly pilfered from an IHOP.
Cas sets the bottle behind him on the ugly dresser after taking his own pull of it. Then, he stands there in front of Dean, his hands going for his tie and then the buttons of his shirt. So now they’re just - they’re just casually undressing in front of each other. That’s a thing that’s happening.
At first he doesn’t understand, unable to decipher Dean’s non-specifics through the spell his brain is under. But then - oh.
He dreams of Dean.
- with Cas isn’t going to be contained to mid-range hotel chains in the greater Midwest.
aloud, to Cas. Empirically-derived, he reminds himself. It’s science, for fuck’s sake.
Dean peers at him from under his elbow.
“Point being, it’s hard to say what’s typical,” Cas continues. “But it wouldn’t be surprising that some retrograde amnesia accompanies the forceful removal of grace.”
“Can’t find my fuckin’ keys.”
Dean swallows, and they’re so, so close. He should - he should do a lot of things. Back up three feet, change the subject, something. He doesn’t.
It takes some doing, but Dean eventually opens one eye to squint at Cas in the near-total dark. Cas has his arm around him, fingers tracing circles on the bare skin of his back.
“The answer is simple; I didn't want to burden you with it,” Cas says after she steps away. "Your life hanging in the balance, however, tipped the scales. To save you, to give you the chance to live out the rest of your life, happy with Sam, with Jack...it was worth it."
“They didn’t have any - oh, whatever.”
“Good or bad? I mean, he’s already dead, so how much worse could it get? Except who am I kidding, it could get worse. Tell me it’s not worse.”
“And you don’t appreciate the teasing because - because the subject matter makes you uncomfortable.” Cas’ gaze drops from his.
“Alright, I got ‘em. First off, you’re forgiving. All the shit I’ve put you through...”
“Sure, okay. Wait - point of clarification. Famous person or, uh, one of the many people I’ve buried or burned over the years?”
This is it. This is when Cas is gonna say he knows about Dean’s stupid crush. He’s gonna get let down easy, it’s gonna hurt like hell-
Dean is cleaning his gun at the dinette table when Cas mumbles something through the bathroom door. Dean had been so deep in his head about why Cas doesn't seem interested in humanity's best consolation prize that he didn't hear the water shut off.
Cas tips his head to the side, smiles at her encouragingly.
As Cas gingerly heads toward the kitchen, Dean tests the ladder to the loft, and it seems to hold. He climbs up, peeking just over the edge of the floorboards to see that, yes, a family of raccoons has definitely set up shop in the corner.
It’s his second of the evening. Sam didn’t even make it through ‘We are gathered together today’ before the first tear broke free. Dean knew he shouldn’t have asked him to officiate, but no one else was qualified. No one knew the way he and Cas had fought for each other, fought
Cas opens his mouth to protest, so Dean cuts him off. “And no, before you give me that bit about my ancestors sleeping on a pile of boulders under the stars while your ageless ass watched over them from a gnarled sycamore tree or whatever the fuck, spare me. I need a bed.”
Dean leaves his full glass on the bartop and goes for his wallet, laying out a few bills before tugging on Cas’ coat sleeve in the general direction of the door.
The sound of sensible shoes on the tile floor, the trademark swish of a coat. In a display of spot-on service industry intuition, the waitress makes herself scarce behind the counter. Then, across from him, Cas sits down, and he smiles. He never did enough of that before. Dean is going to see to it personally that he has more reasons to.
“You’re staring,” Cas says, dabbing at the corner of his mouth with a napkin when his plate is nearly polished clean. “I don’t mind, of course. That would be hypocritical.”
“I think we can set the bar a little higher than something you ‘don’t mind,’” Cas says, mouth quirking in a half smile full of more concentrated kindness than Dean can handle. “Can you tell me what you want?”
Dean groans. "It's just Jody. She's trying to make me pick who the hottest Founding Father was. Who the fuck knows why."
At first, Dean doesn’t trust what he’s seeing. He runs his hands over the frame, across the hood, and lets out a long breath. Not a speck of damage. No evidence whatsoever that baseball-sized hail landed all over this area, according to the local news. In contrast, the stop sign at the corner has fallen flat on its face, pockmarked with hail dents, and Dean can see at least five or six downed power lines before the road disappears over the next hill.
Thank you to Neely, with whom all things are possible. <3
...Kind of.
Cas nods.
“They’ve gotten us this far.”
Before he’s conscious of the action, he finds his feet moving.
“Uh, what’s going on?” Dean asks, after swallowing a mouthful of perfect bacon. The day he taught Cas that the oven is far superior to the stovetop for bacon should go down in history. He’s benefited from it ever since.
“Nah, I’m invested now. Hit me.”
“No, no - I’m fine. One too many Red Bulls on the way or something,” he says, rubbing at the back of his neck. “Really fuckin’ good to have you back, man.”
“I have no idea what I’m like in bed,” Cas answers, shrugging. “I haven’t been in very many beds.”
“Is that so surprising? Back when I was still an angel, I did so frequently.”
“What Cas is trying to say,” Sam cuts in, “Is that there’s something going on with that garden.
“And your fortuitous resilience in the face of unending personal trauma justifies your father’s negligence?” Cas says, grip tight around his glass.
Dean holds up his hands, conceding the point. “So you’re saying you, what. Offer Carl all the money we definitely don’t have to take you up in that plane again, but see if you can slap some angel handcuffs on Cas the second you hit the ground?”
“Tell me about it,” Dean says, rubbing at his eyes and pushing himself up to a slumped sit against the headboard. He clicks the lamp on and squints down at Cas.
“Yeah, that’s what we figured. Petty dick. And as for Hell - first thing we did when we got your call was summon up Rowena before we got on the road. Figured it was worth a shot. She’s always liked you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mm. I think -”
“Your body’s natural responsiveness isn’t going to make me uncomfortable,” Cas says. “In case you wanted to vocalize.”
Tony’s a good barber. He’s got to be pushing eighty, wearing a beat-up black apron and thick-framed tortoiseshell glasses. He asks barely any questions, and does a tidy job on Dean’s neck as the radio plays a steady stream of 1960’s pop. No fuss, no muss, except for how Dean's gonna have “Build Me Up Buttercup” in his head for the next week. When Tony's finished, Dean throws a twenty in the coffee can at the front counter for a tip—after all, who’s still charging $8.95 for a haircut in 2020? He snags a lollipop like the full-grown adult he is, futzing with the wrapper as he steps off the curb to cross the street. A car horn beeps, and he catches a glimpse of Mrs. Hastings, silver hair barely visible above the wheel of her ancient Buick. It’s cutting it a little close, but if he just jumps back—
“I’m not sure,” Cas says, a thick tome spread out in front of him. “The fae of the British Isles are traditionally more transactional than this.”
“I’ll probably keep calling you buddy even after we get married.”
Cas laughs. His hand stays on Dean’s shoulder longer than is necessary. Dean doesn’t mind.
“Uh, before that.” Dean glances at him, swallows. “I sat on that fucking floor all night. Ignored Sam’s calls.”
Cas’ hands still. Dammit. He climbs off of him, placing his warm palm in the center of Dean’s back as Dean works to settle his breathing.
"I don't have a social security number, so I don't think it will be an issue. And I promise not to report you to the IRS."
“Heaven,” Sam says. “They found a way to make more angels, complete with free will this time. He’s helping out for a little while. But Cas, what about you? What the hell happened? Where are you?”
“So we’re watering the plants too now,” Dean says, rotating in Cas’ arms until they’re face to face.
“Can I trust you to keep out of danger while I try to work this out, for at least a few days? The sphere where communication can occur most easily between the realms involves several transmutations to enter and leave, so should something happen in the meantime—”
broke you.”
“You’ve got jacuzzi suites?” That’d be a first.
“That’s what I’d want to know. The depth and breadth of it, the shape of your opinion of me.”
“Oh my God, you got married for
Dean picks up his plate and heads to the kitchen to make some goddamn oatmeal.
“And you’re the rainbow-farting muscle car, in this scenario.”
Dean drops back to the mattress, and something like shame sends all the blood in his body rushing to his face. Great.
“No! Uh. I mean, it’s fine. The Bureau loosened their personal grooming standards back in ‘11...so.”
“What do you want me to say? That I’m getting better? I’m not getting better.”
Dean pulls a face, unconvinced. Cas goes on.
“It’s time to go commit acts of horticultural vigilante justice.”
“I’m not sure I trust it yet, but I...I think that’s where I’m at too,” Dean says before trying to coax slippery rice noodles into his spoon.
He’s not wrong.
He circles Cas' wrist, guiding his index and third fingers into his mouth. Cas gasps as he tongues between them. He's always been a little obsessed with these hands. Cas hums, like this is good, like Dean’s doing this right. Thank god.
Then Sam is there too, his arms wrapped around the both of them. They’re blocking the flow of pedestrians, three grown men holding each other in the middle of the sidewalk. But Cas can’t find it within himself to care.
Inside, Dean calls for Sam, but the lack of response is enough of an explanation - he and Eileen must have taken a more scenic route home. Cas smiles and catches the same expression on Dean’s face. Sam and Eileen deserve one another, along with the time and requisite lack of apocalypses to see it through.
“Okay, then. We are also both in this room feeling hopeful.”
“Thanks. For telling me. So, what about you?”
“No.”
Twenty minutes later, the jury-rigged plywood braces are all in place.
“I’m not sure I - oh. You want me to let you take care of me, like you’ve taken care of Sam. Just like you’ve taken care of all your friends.”
“I want it to.”
Cas fingers still, his palm resting over Dean’s too-quick heartbeat.
“Rule doesn’t apply to you.”
“If he could be summoned, he’d already be here, right?” That’s what he needs to believe, anyway. He gives the neighboring pot of simmering beans a stir and doesn’t elaborate, hoping Sam just understands.
“Huh.”
“Sure as shit.”
Cas loosens his hold on Dean’s midsection, bringing his hand up to card through his hair.
“Nah, I can drive my own damn car through a lot fucking worse than an angel shuttle hangover.”
“Not important.” Cas thumb presses at the base of his skull, and Dean sighs, boneless. “Sentimental items are a good choice, I think. One parameter to establish for my answer - in this scenario, I’m going to presume I’m wearing bedclothes at the time of the fire.”
“That’s how you know you’re on the right track.”
“That is exactly what I meant.”
Cas shrugs out of his coat and toes off his shoes with a human casualness that shouldn’t make Dean ache, but does. He starfishes back onto the bed, eyes closing.
“Me too. The whole time,” Dean says, and just like that, it’s out there. And it only took him eleven years to say.
“Yeah, uh. It wasn’t because of...that. I mean, I saw whatever I saw just before the drop, and then boom, I’m down here. It sure felt like the angel express, you know? Where it feels like you’re maybe gonna start seeing shrimp colors and also like you might shit yourself?”
“Hey, you wanna take another case?” Dean asks, aiming for casual nonchalance and landing in the range of obvious enthusiasm instead. “It’d be twelve hours northeast up I-44, but -”
to be.”
Cas settles on the bed next to him, gentling a hand at his side like Dean’s about to run off. As if.
“You might perceive the connection as heat-generating. That’s not surprising, though I’ve never heard of it before. Angels do run at a significantly higher core body temperature than humans, even while occupying a vessel.”
“Dean. Turn over.”
“How insane I’m gonna go if you don’t get your dick in me.”
“The Empty heard you. It wasn’t...happy about that fact. It isn’t even supposed to be possible for human prayers to reach that place. But you’ve done many things that are technically impossible.”
“...To who?”
“What,” Dean says.
“I want...” Cas says, trailing off. They’re the first words he’s uttered in a while that aren’t just repetitions of Dean’s name.
At some point near Decatur, Dean turns the volume down on the music but keeps his eyes steadfastly on the road.
Too soon for Dean’s comfort, they’re careening down a gravel runway in a plane emblazoned with a cheesy and biologically impossible bald eagle riding a motorcycle, lifting off into the air with more creaks and metallic groans than Dean will ever be comfortable with. He closes his eyes for the ascent, as if that’ll help anything, until he hears Carl announce over their headsets that they’ve reached jumping altitude.
“Oh, no. Also for any phone call. If nothing else, to plan what to say in the event of reaching someone’s voicemail. It’s awkward otherwise.”
Dean pulls off, licks his lips. "That's the idea. But not yet."
“Uh...” Dean trails off. Cas is kissing the knobs of his spine, working his way down his back.
“Uh...yeah? But the goddess won’t mind if we fuck on the shag carpeting?”
“She texted me a picture of the card you sent her. A very tasteful design, I thought.”
"Dean," Cas says, turning a perfectly ripe fig over in his palm, studying it. "The garden doesn't even have a fig tree. They're not compatible with the region’s hardiness zone. Not to mention, central Kansas' humidity level should mean -"
“Sounds perfect.”
“..Yy-yeah?”
“Hearing which elements of your history are most relevant to you is inherently interesting. I may be familiar with most of the discrete events of your life, but not how you yourself think of them.”
Dean stands back up, dusts his hands off. “Alright, good to go.”
Dean takes in the guy’s posture, elbow propped against the bartop, head resting on his hand. His knees are turned toward Cas, and he’s leaning in. Just like Dean would do if he was chatting up someone in any number of watering holes exactly like this across middle America. That shit
Dean huffs. “Jesus Christ, Cas, can we just -”
“Huh. Guess we better get going, then.”
Taking that as encouragement, Cas explores. The pad of his finger, just barely pressing, the tip to circle around - it all seems effective, based on the panting breaths in his ear and the increasing slickness on his skin where Dean is fucking against him.
Jesus, thank you to my friends, without whom nothing at all would be written. Love you geese.
"Drink your progurt, Dean."
“How long?” Dean asks instead, taking Cas off guard. It takes him only a moment to catch Dean’s meaning.
“So this is what you’re like in bed, huh,” Dean says with a laugh, peering at him from under the arm still slung across his eyes.
They stop for the night in central Wyoming, but after checking into the hotel, Cas prods him back to the Impala’s passenger side door and slides into the driver’s seat. They pick up Tex Mex from a food truck on a county highway and park in the empty lot at the trailhead to Casper Mountain as the sun is just starting to set. Dean doesn’t even argue when Cas’ hands go for his belt buckle when they reach a bench facing the lookout. He comes in Cas' mouth with his eyes closed tight against a brilliant pink and orange sky.
Except he doesn’t, he doesn’t know what to do.
Dean nods, and stays still as Cas carefully rubs lotion across his back and behind his ears. SPF 50 feels just as holy as angel grace, coming from Cas’ hands. Dean repeats the process for him in turn, and if he’s especially thorough near the waistband of Cas’ boxers, who’s to know?
“You can go on and take a seat anywhere. I’ll be with ya in just a second,” she says to the newcomer.
at him.
“Dean, these are
He taps on the bathroom door gently. Cas cracks it open just wide enough to reach out and grab the stack in Dean’s hands.
“He did not age gracefully, it’s true.”
Dean flips on the turn signal to avoid a stalled pickup truck in the middle lane. Poor bastard. 8:00 AM on a Sunday and the traffic is still god-awful.
Dean ups the ante. He slides his belt out of its loops and looks up to see that Cas is still watching, his shirt open to the waist.
"You could, you know," Dean says quietly, hoping he doesn't have to spell it out. This is as much generosity as he can muster.
“Shit. That’s what I was afraid of.”
"Water's nice. Take a seat."
“But you didn’t,” Cas says heavily.
Time to up the ante. Dean shuts his eyes and sinks down again, letting Cas into his throat. The weight of Cas’ gaze is a heady thing and follows him into the dark. Taking it slow enough that his lungs burn on each descent, he knows it’s working when Cas starts chanting his name. Doing this is the closest Dean gets to meditation. Achieving enlightenment via really excellent dick—who knew. He counts the spaces between breaths, the length of time he can keep Cas buried in his throat, and resists the urge to drift. He’s in control here, he reminds himself. Cas is trusting him to stay in control.
“Anyone, I suppose.” Cas thinks of Kali, Osiris, Izanami, Odin, Athena. Some more theoretically oriented toward helpfulness than others. But the Empty hadn’t mentioned them.
“Maybe for parents with strollers and, I don’t know, Sam?”
know. He’s been riding shotgun to Dean’s fucked up feelings for Cas for a decade. He knows, better than anyone.
“Fuck yes. Jesus Christ,” Dean says, the best he can manage. He should win a medal for being so articulate with Cas’ hard dick just inches away.
The laughing stops as they seem to experience a synchronized realization of how they fit together. From there, it’s so simple, so obvious, how Dean can move against him. Dean’s hand on his hip sliding beneath his thigh, lifting it up until Cas understands what he’s meant to do. Ankles hooked together behind Dean’s ass, he’s not sure his very recently-renewed body has the flexibility for this until Dean shifts forward, gliding hot and sweat-slick and nearly perfect.
Dean nearly chokes on a strawberry. “You used to be smooth? When was that?”
“Just fine. Passing through Worchester now. And for you? And Dean?” His voice does something transparent on Dean’s name that he did not authorize.
Dean’s gaze drifts as he searches for the memory. “September ‘09...oh my god, was that that night I tried to -”
Cas stands uselessly to the side and observes as Dean goes through the motions. He talks to the car sometimes, apologizes more than once, and pats the frame like the Impala is a spooked horse in a storm rather than a feat of elegant engineering. Cas watches as Dean’s thumb worries over what looks like an actual scratch in the finish next to the driver’s side door, muttering curses and what sounds like a promise for better days ahead.
“The old gods typically were,” Cas says between kisses up the side of his neck.
It feels more real now, having told someone. Dean feels...not exactly better, but different. More solid, somehow. The rest of the day passes in a blur as he thinks about how not-surprised Claire was. Does everybody know? Is he that transparent? Did his dad know that he was...whatever he is? Does Sam? There’s gotta be something about him that gives it away.
“I’ll take your word for it,” Dean says, even though he certainly has his doubts. “And this accord, or whatever. What’re the terms?”
"Nothin' wrong, Cas, it's just - can this mindmeld thing go both ways? There's some shit you need to see."
“How long until the storm?” Dean asks, peering at the yellowed sky, a dark wall of clouds approaching from the west.
Dean rubs at his temple with his free hand, scuffs his shoe against the dusty gravel. “Unless I blacked out while crossing the fuckin’ street, then yeah. I’m sure.”
Dean holds his hands up in defeat. “Alright, I’m convinced. Gimme the burger, the ‘I Am Magical.’ I’ll shout that dumbass name from the rooftops. I’m ready.”
“Cas.” The setting seems insane, fluorescent lighting and the smell of bacon and Cas wanting to know what Dean thinks of him. “You’re my best friend,” Dean offers, but that’s not all of it, not by a long shot.
Ain’t that the truth. Pants out of the way, Cas straddles his legs and pulls him up until they’re chest to chest, Cas’ arms looped around his back. Everything is skin against skin, and that’s Cas’ dick against his,
“I could make plain the relative merits of a day with you compared to the reverent observation of nature’s wonders, but I am reasonably certain it would cause you embarrassment. You are, after all, alternately drawn to and repelled by others’ high regard for you.”
“I didn’t even know what change was before you.”
“How do you—”
“You mean, for the job? Sometimes, I guess. This one time, Sam and I were pretending to be roller coaster inspectors for a haunting out on Coney Island, and -”
Cas shrugs, then strips off the t-shirt Dean loaned him this morning and shimmies out of his pants. Dean watches without bothering to pretend otherwise before he does the same.
Dean nods, nods some more. A normal amount of nodding. He shouldn’t ask a follow-up question, he shouldn’t - “What do I have to do with telepathy?”
Cas keeps close as Dean pulls a mug out of the cupboard and fills it from the fresh pot. He takes the coffee with a mumble that could pass for gratitude and continues to use Dean’s body as willing scaffolding until his own comes online enough to support his weight. Meanwhile, Dean pours another round of pancake batter into the skillet in even rounds. He goes ahead and gives one Mickey Mouse ears for the hell of it - Jack might like that. He adds chocolate chips to his mental grocery list for the next time they make a run into town. For all his quasi-god powers, the kid is still three years old.
“You wanna head over to the motel?”
Cas doesn’t bother with feigning propriety, settling atop Dean’s upper thighs without any evidence of an internal debate.
"Hang on, hang on," Dean says, pulling at Cas' hair in a way he'd feel the need to apologize for if Cas was anything approaching human. "Just - be less hot for a second, alright? Tell me a gardening fact. More Bible trivia. Something."
“Last night, you said... all the way back then, in hell,” Dean begins haltingly. “Even when I was - whatever I was. Probably had horns or some shit. You loved me.”
He settles on a wooden bench under a tree across the street. An hour passes, slow and too fast as he scans the road for that familiar car.
“Don’t have to get used to it quite yet, though.”
Of course something's wrong, of course he doesn't want this like Dean does. Who the fuck is he kidding, that Cas would want to -
Cas smiles at him, his whole face involved in the action. Dean can't
Cas snags one of the lime wedges that came with Dean’s food and squeezes it over his own plate. “But not about that.”
“This isn’t that.”
Cas lets his head tip onto the top of Farhiya’s curls, and he falls asleep.
“And Claire promised to let me braid her hair next time I see her, so this works for me too,” Jack adds.
Dean feels something unlocking in his muscles as Cas seemingly finds every knot of tension he’s carried around since he dug himself out of his own grave. At least the deep, good sting of it has solved the problem of his stupid, misinformed dick, at least for the time being.
“Yeah, perfect, just like that, keep that going...”
“The main arc of my story begins with a primordial fish attempting to crawl up a beach.”
“Some stuff I probably should’ve told him years ago. Don’t know what was stopping me.”
Just outside of town, Dean pulls into a Gas n’ Sip parking lot, and Cas ducks inside to change in the restroom. He opts for the jeans over Dean’s initial objections, but skips the belt. He carefully folds his scavenged clothes and tucks them into a corner of the trunk. They seem a suitable memento of a very surreal 24 hours. When he slips back into the passenger seat, Dean hands him a breakfast burrito and a coffee from the gas station.
"No offense taken," Sam says sincerely, a hand over his heart.
"I like it like this," Dean says after a couple minutes have passed, twirling a longish strand behind Cas' ear. He's gotta be pilfering Sam's fancy conditioner or something - it's so damn soft.
The drive to the diner is quiet, they’re both clearly wrung out from hauling 300 pounds of lizard whatever-the-fuck through the woods. Dean catches Cas’ eyes sliding shut as he parks the car.
This seems likely something best attempted with no observers. It’s tourist season though, and small groups of people mill about around him as he weighs the relative nutritional and satiatory merits of a Snickers vs. Reese’s Pieces. He sighs, thwarted, and stuffs his hands in the pockets of his jeans.
“Yes, everything is fine. Just, are you awake enough for me to ask you another question? There are only a couple left.”
“But I would like to make one modification to the question. You’re not allowed to argue with what I consider to be one of your positive characteristics. If you do, you’ll earn another compliment, with interest. Understood?”
“Spoken like a true romantic,” Cas quips, smiling.
“Stop, we’re doing this
“Go for it.”
Dean barely hears him, his head gone fuzzy from endorphins and the almost unbearable force of how much he wants everything that’s happening.
“So...Sam’s not expecting us back until tomorrow,” Dean says, breathing hard when Cas’ fingers dip beneath the hem of his shirt and his mouth finds the spot on Dean’s neck that makes him go boneless.
They kiss, and there’s hope in it. Dean tries not to cling when Cas gently pulls away.
“Another compliment, then. You’re generous, with your time, your attention, your affection. This generosity may have been what convinced me to rebel against heaven. It’s no small thing.”
“I suppose it does no good to compare,” Cas admits, looking pleased. “We’re both in her favor.”
Dean laughs. “You think? How many other friends are you gonna save from hell?”
Cas knows the limits of his gag reflex perfectly by now, and he knows Dean likes a challenge. So he fucks in and out of his mouth right on the perfect edge of too much, and Dean takes it and takes it and loves it so much. His eyes are watering and spit trails out of the side of his mouth as he picks up the speed of his hand on his dick.
So Dean does.
Eileen laughs. “So are we.”
Their desserts and coffee arrive. Dean smiles winningly at the waitress and thanks her, all awkwardness hidden away by well-rehearsed charm.
“Which would you recommend? You’ve mentioned Cat’s Cradle before, I believe.”
“I thought we finished them all,” Dean answers, squinting at him in the fading light.
It’s dark when Dean next opens his eyes. He tries to sit up only to be pulled back down into the sheets by familiar arms.
“I really enjoy the two of them together,” Cas says. “She’s good for him. As he is for her.”
Dean does, leaning back against the headboard. Cas takes his free hand in his, setting it palm up on his knee. Dean sneaks a glance at him from underneath his arm, curious. He watches Cas unscrew the lid from a jar with a homespun-looking label. Cas scoops out a smudge of whatever it is and smooths it between his palms before taking Dean’s hand in both of his. His thumb begins at the heel of Dean’s hand, and Dean’s fingers flex with how bone-meltingly good it is.
“Are you alright?” Cas asks, thumbing over Dean’s eyebrow, eyes clear and focused which is frankly a little offensive. He’s good at this, and he needs Cas to fucking
Cas yawns. “No. I’ll never be done romancing you. I’m just very tired. And our bed is very comfortable.”
the right word? Memory, perhaps. Vision? What’s the proper term for seeing clearly into another space and time?
“Would it?” Dean counters, earning an eye roll in response.
Cas stands and starts wading back toward the shore, the monster trailing along behind him with just the oil slick skin of its back showing above the water. Dean offers Cas a hand to help him out of the water.
“He’s still much the same though,” Cas says with a sigh. “Apparently, it’s possible to be both spiritually redeemed and caustically annoying. Speaking of, he said to tell you...I’m not going to repeat what he said to tell you. It was inappropriate—in poor taste.”
So specifics is what Dean needs, then. He can do that. He pushes back the covers and swings a leg over Dean’s hips, pinning him. He refuses to be distracted by the proximity, by everything he can feel. It's all hubris - he's hanging on by a thread.
Jody tries to convince them to stay over at her place before they head back home to Kansas. She even throws in an offer of dinner with her and the girls. Normally, the promise of eating something homemade that he didn’t cook himself with some of his favorite people on earth would be an automatic yes, but Sam doesn’t question it when he asks for a rain check.
“Then yes, I am hungry.”
“Do you know anything about the mortgage pre-approval process?” Cas asks, glancing up from where he’s been buried in his phone for the last sixty or so miles out of Lincoln.
“There wasn’t a need, as you are well aware.”
“Kinda thought I’d have a shirt on when I told you this. Or, you know. That I’d be dead and buried and never say it at all.”
“Not worse.” That, at least, he can say with some confidence. She exhales, breath juddering through the phone line. He knows how she feels. “I’ve been seeing him.”
“Surely there were good moments too. I’ve been party to some of them,” Cas says, nudging him with his shoulder.
“Why not?”
Dean doesn't point out that the area's only police presence consists solely of one Carl Baxter, the recently divorced county sheriff. Dean lets Carl beat him in pool at the Lebanon Tavern three nights a week out of sheer pity, so something tells Dean that he's not patrolling this stretch of Rural Route 11 tonight.
“You want to protect me from what’s in my own head?”
He leans forward, using his free hand to angle Cas’ dick to his mouth, tonguing at the underside and then sucking his way down, nothing teasing about it. Any other night, he’d draw this out with a long lead-up, a rhythm slow enough to get Cas begging. But tonight, he hollows his cheeks and keeps his free hand wrapped snug around the base as he fucks Cas’ cock into his mouth. This position is shit for fingering himself, but it’s worth it for the way Cas groans, low and desperate. It isn’t long before he hears a harsh gasp of warning as Cas’ thighs tense beneath him, along with the creak of the bed as he pulls against the restraints. Dean backs off just enough to breathe, mouth still full and offering Cas next to no reprieve as he shudders underneath him.
“Nah, that’s...not it,” Dean hedges. “Let’s do another question.”
Getting head from someone who doesn't need to take time for stupid, human things like breathing makes Dean feel like he's losing his mind via wet suction and the slide of Cas' tongue at his slit, and he barely gets out a garbled mix of nonsense, several expletives, and Cas' name before he's shooting down Cas' throat, his hands gripping his hair and holding Cas still. Cas swallows smoothly, humming like Dean's the generous one here.
The guests slowly drift off, until it’s just Sam, Jack, Jody, Donna, and the girls. They herd Cas and him into the Impala, Cas sliding in behind the steering wheel. Dean doesn’t have the will to protest, not when the cool glass of the passenger side window feels so excellent against his face when he leans against it.
Cas takes one of his hands in his, bringing it to his face and kissing the middle of his palm, and oh god, Dean is not going to survive this. Or, more accurately, how did he ever survive the
“I don’t have ‘a ton of shit’ that would be preferable to spending time with you. Not a single shit, in fact.”
Cas swallows. “Did you just mark me with a protection rune, in your own name?”
Cas nods, eyes huge like he’s being handed keys to the high castle instead of instructions for getting inside Dean’s ass.
“The point I’m trying to make isn’t related to your sex appeal. Although I suppose that is a part of it. But we’re getting off-course. Your life story, if you will.”
“Well, shit.”
“She will,” Cas says.
Cas laughs, cupping one hand around the back of Dean’s neck before sliding his fingers into his hair and using the other to haul the blankets over them both.
Dean groans and buries his face in Cas’ neck, sucking a kiss into his shoulder as he gets his hands under Cas’ shirt.
“Just getting the lube. Calm down,” Dean says with a huff of a laugh, and it’s not unkind, it’s the opposite - warm and humored and happy, and Cas made him that way.
Cas smooths a hand over the cover of the book, setting it carefully on the nightstand. “I look forward to reading it. This one was missed in Metatron’s overview of humanity’s creative output.”
“Hello, Dean.”
"It’s a shitty substitute for a window, but what am I supposed to do?”
One side of Cas' mouth quirked up in a small grin. “Luckily, I enjoy lots of things.”
“So, when you left, did you get to keep anything? Any heavenly souvenirs?”
At the kitchen sink, Dean dries and Sam washes. It’s companionable, and Dean’s grateful, he is. So fucking grateful for it. He should probably tell Sam that more. Or at all.
The waitress plops the check down on their table, its plastic tray rattling on the formica. Without so much as glancing at the total, Cas fishes his wallet out of his pocket and sets more than a few twenties on top of the tray. Dean's pretty sure that equates to at least a 200% tip - Cas’ usual, stupidly attractive modus operandi.
Dean lets out a harsh breath. “Okay. Alright. That’s - you want to pick some music?”
“What’re you smiling at?” Donna says, appearing at his elbow. “I can guess a few reasons, starting with the way your husband’s ass looks in that suit.”
Dean is positive that the Lebanon EconoFoods doesn't carry Irish butter. He knows because he's
Dean swallows thickly, clears his throat. He has a million more questions he wants to ask, but it feels wrong, somehow. In that dimension, he didn’t know Cas. Or Bobby, Jody, Donna, Claire, Jack, and so many others. It feels disloyal, somehow, to look too deeply into what might have been.
“I was being literal then, but fine. Let me spell it out,” he says, Dean wide-eyed and too appealing for words beneath him. “I’d marry you, I’d share your bed for fifty years. Longer if fate allows. I’d know your body, get familiar with the parts of your mind I don’t already know. I’d make you happy. Or try to, anyway.”
“Dean—” Cas gasps, his forehead pressed to Dean’s shoulder.
“‘Share a personal problem and ask your partner’s advice on how he might handle it.’”
“As your friend. I’ll always be your friend, Dean.” And Cas smiles gently at the thought—the world’s shittiest consolation prize. It’s not enough.
“What do you mean?”
Dean ignores the last bit for his own sanity. “Shit, deities? You’re telling me some goddess out there has been into me?”
“Generally, yes.”
Dean laughs, thumping his chest a couple times to clear his airway of errant pie.
friend until just this moment.”
“I insist.”
“I love you too,” he says, thumb sliding over Dean’s pulse point and then toward the center of his palm. The action activates enough nerve endings that he can practically feel his teeth buzz. “And if you wouldn’t mind...”
“A shower. Not an emergency, by any means. But soon.”
Dean needs to move his hands - there’s so much he wants to feel - but he can’t stop grasping at the back of Cas’ coat. Like he’s holding him in place, keeping him here. Like he’s always,
Over burgers (extra bacon for Dean, a fried egg on top for Cas), Dean takes over question-asker duty.
Cas listens.
“Yeah, I guess just - putting words to it. I’m lucky as hell, man. The people I’ve got around me? I get it. Love and affection...they play a big role in my life.”
“That guy with the ponytail? Hate to tell you, but that dude just wanted to sleep with you, Cas.”
“Oh, I see,” Cas says, voice gone a little breathless. “That’s...” He shifts the angle a bit, until his dick is sliding between the tops of Dean’s thighs and nudging the back of his balls.
“You’re going to need to be more specific,” he says, stirring the honey in until it dissolves. “I do a lot of things.”
“I was made - all angels were made - for worship. The object of that adulation has permanently shifted.”
“When me or Sam are on the brink of death, yeah. I get that. But, uh.” Shit, cards on the table. “What if I need you around a little more than that? For other stuff.”
That fucking feeling again. He catches a flash of blue eyes and gets the barest brush of a too-familiar touch to his forehead and then he’s stumbling into the brick alleyway wall thirty yards away from where he could’ve sworn he just was. He does a full 360 turn, looking up and down the alley for any evidence of what just happened, of
“Well, that was a bust,” Dean says, kicking a loose rock out of his way with more force than probably necessary, sending it flying into the field.
“She and I were close, back then. I don’t think I ever told you this, but you probably already know. I, uh, had real bad nightmares as a kid. Every night, it felt like. And after one, she’d let me climb in beside her after. Drove my dad crazy - he’d end up on the couch in the living room after muttering something about me needing to toughen up and stay in my own damn bed.”
Cas cocks his head at Dean, smirking.
“Sure.” Dean roots in the bag beside him, handing Cas a shirt at random and feeling vaguely light-headed.
Cas kneads at his thighs then, and Dean breathes through it. When he finally looks down, he can only see the barest outline of Cas’ face in the dark, his hands on Dean’s skin in the near-total dark of the room. Leaning forward, Cas replaces his hands with his lips, starting a path up from his knees to the edge of his boxer briefs, fingertips dipping beneath the hem of each leg.
"Like hell I'm gonna -"
Dean awakens to the buzzing of his phone on the nightstand. He bats at it ineffectually, willing the noise to go away. It stops for a moment before starting up again, somehow louder and more annoying. He answers.
All semblance of necessity gone for him to be
“There’s something - in my bag,” he murmurs into Cas’ ear. “Inside pocket.”
Dean reaches between them and takes Cas’ hand without overthinking it.
Four hours later, the sky is just starting to lighten as Dean carefully shuts the trunk of the Impala. He'd had to get creative when he ran back to the bunker for more storage containers, but now there are ice cream buckets full of radishes, at least eight kinds of lettuce in fabric grocery bags, a laundry basket stuffed to the brim with asparagus and carrots, and a dozen shoeboxes packed shallowly with the most precious cargo of all: fragile raspberries and strawberries twice as sweet as anything they can get at the Thriftway in Mankato.
“I want to think I would have done better. I tried to, I guess, during that year with Ben and Lisa. Tried to be what my dad wasn’t. Just sticking around, for starters. Being patient. Protective. Did I ever tell you about that time Dad used me as bait for a kelpie out at Lake Tahoe?”
“We’ve been over this. You were worth it. And may I remind you, because of my deal, because of what I told you, you and your brother were able to save the world.”
Rolling to his side (closer) and looking Dean right in the eye, Cas says, “I’d say the experience is overrated, but that would be a lie.”
“‘If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?’” Cas asks.
“Uh.” Dean takes a long pull of his beer. Where to fucking begin. “Alright, and we’re setting aside all the obvious butterfly effect shit?”
“Ballpoint, then. Something nice,” Sam says with a decisive nod, steepling his fingers together. “Let me see what you’ve found so far.”
Dean is blushing. He knows he’s blushing. It’s stupid and embarrassing and when did it get so goddamn hot in this car. He fiddles with the A/C for something to do with his hands other than twist at the steering wheel.
notice the little crinkles next to his eyes.
“You gotta stay,” Dean says, face buried in Cas’ shoulder as Cas sweeps his hands over his back. “And I know it’s selfish to ask, but I’m telling you...I’m asking you to stay.”
When he returns, he sees that someone has taken up the stool on Cas’ other side at the bar. Dean hangs back for a moment, and watches Cas smile at something the stranger said, small and private. Even from here, Dean can see the guy isn’t a chore to look at. Damnit.
“Cas,” Dean says, rough and slightly breathless.
"There are a couple things I want, however. They're small, relatively speaking."
and oh shit, maybe he doesn’t - Dean is gonna fucking
Dean shows Cas to the neat row of buckets, filled to their brims with shiny berries. Cas pops a handful into his mouth.
Sam takes him jogging the day after he and Eileen get back. Just once, because Cas finds that Dean is right and jogging is miserable, but still. It’s the thought that counts. Yoga with Eileen is much preferable, made all the more so when one morning he finds a new cushioned mat leaning against his door, a receipt in the bag from the sporting goods store in Hastings. Dean waves him off when he tries to thank him, insisting that it’s nothing. It’s not nothing.
Cas is quiet, wishing he hadn’t eaten lunch with such gusto now that his stomach appears to be staging an armed revolt.
"And you're easy," Dean says, slipping his foot between Cas' under the table. "I bet I could take you to the bathroom right now, get down on my knees, and have us back in our seats before the appetizer comes."
Cas laughs, nods. So Dean gracelessly flips to his back, waving Cas over and running his hands up the muscles of Cas’ thighs as he settles over his chest.
Dean pulls back, searching Cas' face. "Is something wrong, or..."
"Oh, then, let me just -" Cas pets at his hair as Dean hollows his cheeks and tries to remember to breathe in between letting Cas’ cock bump against the back of his throat. "Should I roll over, or should you? That feels so
Sam asks if he wants to read the spell, but the deference is unnecessary. Dean already knows how this is going to go. If Sam is similarly pessimistic, it doesn’t show. With his eyes closed, he gives each memorized word of the spell the weight it deserves, more confident with the Latin and Enochian than Dean is ever going to be.
But instead, she nods serenely, smiling. "Excellent choice. You're both beautiful creatures, blessed by the stars above. I'll be back with your drinks in a moment, and the appetizer will be out soon."
“Carl checks the reserve parachute before every flight? And the AAD? Not everyone checks the AAD.”
Cas offers him a hand up, then pulls him straight into a kiss. He gets both hands around the back of Dean’s head as if to keep him in place, like Dean’s a flight risk rather than actively trying to crawl inside his skin. Cas backs him toward the bed and then down, getting Dean flat on his back before straddling his chest. Not exactly what Dean meant about
“It wasn’t like that - there were insurance issues. My powers to heal weren’t fully intact at first. Your country’s healthcare system...she had a guest room. With a very comfortable futon.”
If this was any other night in any other motel they’ve been in together during the last decade, Dean would be flipping on the tv from the double bed closest to the door or calling dibs on the shower. Instead, he lets Cas press him against the faded wallpaper and kiss him until the sun sets and the room slides into darkness.
“Beeswax hand salve. I bought it from a very friendly apiarist at the Lebanon Farmers Market this summer. He gave me two jars for the price of one.”
“Shut up.”
“Glad you’re okay, man. So damn glad. At least, I think you’ve gotta be okay, right? Kinda doubt the Empty gives day passes. You’ve gotta be hanging out with Jack, then, I guess. Of course the kid saved you—the first thing he did, no doubt. You guys, going all cosmic, intergalactic adventurers. You deserve that, both of you do. You’ve always been such a good dad to that kid. I should’ve told you that. I should’ve told you a lot of things. Obviously. Or you wouldn’t have said...some of that stuff you said.”
"Let's do it."
“He told me that he—he said a bunch of shit. He said he loved me. Told me right before he died.” Dean leaves off the part where Cas died
Halfway back to Lebanon, Dean asks Sam if he’s up for driving. They switch at an off-ramp marked only with a blank sign reading ‘Attractions.’ Dean snags a spare flannel from his duffel in the trunk to use as a makeshift pillow and tries to get some sleep.
“Dean,” Cas says, looking at him from such a damn small distance.
at this. Or at least, something approximating this. Practically a pro. But then Cas cups the side of his face in his hand, and his palm is warm, and Dean realizes he doesn’t have a goddamn clue. Cas’ other hand settles in his hair, petting. Dean leans into it, shameless for possibly the first time in his life.
It’s overcast, but Cas still insists that they apply the sunscreen he’d apparently picked up at a gas station somewhere along the drive.
Nothing happens. Dean claps a hand on Sam’s shoulder once he stands and leaves the circle, squeezes gently. He heads back to the kitchen to start in on guacamole for dinner.
“Patience, Dean. You’ve waited this long.”
No doubt the gesture is meant to settle him. But, since it’s the first point of real-life contact they’ve had since the night Cas got snatched, it feels a little like being tenderly electrocuted. He could lift a car right now, or have a panic attack. Maybe both. He’s versatile. Lifting his gaze from the menu’s omelet section takes only slightly less bravery than facing down demons and angels and Chuck.
“And by ‘this,’ you mean -” Dean cuts himself off, sucking a mark into the thin skin of Cas’ hip.
Cas smiles. “It’s not a remark on the strength of our connection, Dean. Quite the contrary. I would always seek to know you better.”
, though? Didn’t anyone ever tell you not to take candy from strangers? Or fruit from unknown supernatural entities?”
"I was just going to say - Eileen and I have something we were hoping to talk to you about," Sam says, looking as shifty as Dean feels.
“One more stop before we go home, Dean.”
"Air quality, aesthetics, I don't know. None of your business. Anyway, I was thinking I could put Gerald in the kitchen -"
“Wait, you?” Dean says, surprised. “Give me context here, when you’re ordering burgers at a drive thru?”
“It’s for this thing Cas and I are working on.”
“Okay, buddy. See you soon,” Dean says, like it’s normal, everything is normal between them, nothing has changed.
“No, you don’t understand, Dean,” Cas says, one hand fisted in the back of Dean’s shirt, the other spread on his thigh. Dean can feel the press of every fingertip. “How long I’ve -”
Cas feels the blood drain from his face, his hands are shaking, he’s somehow both hot and freezing cold in equal measure.
“You’re thinking of Naomi,” Cas says on instinct, recognizing that expression of suppressed worry on Dean’s face from a different time, a different miraculous resurrection. “The parallels are notable. However, in this case, I’m reasonably certain angels aren’t involved.”
“No, I -”
“This is much better than that bottle you used to keep in the breadbox back at the bunker.”
Dean smiles against his mouth, tugging at his wrist, pulling him upright, and walking him backwards. Cas hits the wall with a gentle thud, Dean’s hand skating up from his neck to his hair and coming between his head and the concrete wall, the other going to his jaw and guiding their lips together again. He groans when Dean presses the full length of his body against him, nudging his knees apart and making a space for himself. And that’s great, that’s phenomenal. Dean is so clever. He deserves to hear that more, but perhaps later - they’re a little busy at the moment.
“Complete this sentence,” Cas says, “‘I wish I had someone with whom I could share...’”
“I won’t stop, Dean. Not ever,” he says, kissing just under his eye, his jaw, his temple. “I’ll tell you until our days run out, how good you are. How loving.”
He kisses up Cas’ neck, and it’s desperate, graceless.
Dean hears in his head.
Over wings and a couple local beers that Dean would scoff at for being pretentious if they weren’t so damn good, they get back to the list.
“Huh?”
Another set of drinks later, Dean’s shoulder is brushing against Cas’ on every exhale and their knees are bumping up against each other’s under the bartop. It’s all intentional, at least from Dean’s half-drunk side.
“Did you just angel zap us 18 inches away?”
Cas looks at him, sidelong, like he’s gauging Dean’s meaning. Dean holds his gaze. It’s easier to be brave here in his own mind.
“Tell me your life story,” Cas says instead.
“Hey, hey. No. Cut that out. Don't be sorry. Not about that."
Dean tips his head back, eyes open to the roof of the Impala. “I’m sorry I was gonna fuck all that up too. Maybe not right away, but eventually. Losing you again was gonna make me sloppy, make me reckless.”
There isn't an argument for that, and they both know it. Jody hops in the driver’s seat a minute or two later, and she shoots Dean a half smile that’s kind enough to make him stare at his shoes until they reach the interstate.
Dean opens up his phone, adding it to the already-long supply list. He heads back outside as Cas moves on to inspect the bathroom. The weapons shed has fared better than the house itself, the metal roof and warded iron door holding up despite years of neglect. He hauls their bags there from the trunk of the car, deciding that they stand a better shot of still being usable stored amongst the knives and guns until the house is a bit more inhabitable.
kind of thing.”
“It is. How did you know?” Cas says.
“I know I’ve got Sam for that, but, uh. That’s not quite what I...I don’t know what the fuck I mean.”
"I know there have been times when I...wasn't those things. That's what I would hope to set right."
, wanted to.
He lies awake.
, but...” Dean hands the phone over to Cas, who smiles like he’s seeing a picture of an old friend.
The singer is baleful and pining, and Cas notices Dean’s hands twist on the steering wheel. Cas turns the dial, landing on the local public radio station.
“That was unusual, you’re right,” Cas interjects. “I wouldn’t go so far as to call it punishment, but I think it may have been a small act of negative reinforcement. You should step more carefully in the future.”
Cas curls in on himself, head to his knees as another wave of nausea crests and mercifully wanes before he needs to leave the car again.
“Yes, but that might take a while.” Cas glances at the ferry schedule behind moisture-clouded plastic on the wall. “I’ll need fare for the ferry, at a minimum.”
Next, Dean swaps Cas’ busted up garden trowel out for one with a lifetime warranty. He justifies the price tag by telling himself the forged steel could double as a weapon against Celtic fairies, should any ever find their way to central Kansas.
“...Thank you, Dean. Although I believe I learned that from you.”
you -”
Dean smiles, getting a hand in Cas’ hair and pulling him into a kiss that’s half just breathing each other in. He uses his free hand to get Cas inside again, and Cas was right—
“Oh. It’s....it’s alright," Dean hedges. "Anyway though, what does cooking have to do with Sandra Bullock?”
“Dean.”
? And you can understand them?”
These rhetorical questions, he’s learned, are supposed to be easy to answer, even when they’re not. Cas opts for a nod, and sips his tea. Dean’s is untouched, probably over-steeped at this point.
“Kinky.”
Dean glances side to side, the empty frame where a door once hung and the scratch on the wall the only lingering proof of Billie’s attack. “I, uh, couldn’t sleep. And your door was open, but you - you weren’t there. Anyway. You - you shouldn’t have had to do all this.”
Not enough time to make it back to the safety of the bunker’s garage, and Dean doesn’t trust Smith County Public Works’ maintenance of the gravel road between here and home in a storm anyway. He’s too old to pull his car out of a ditch, and Baby deserves better.
It rings, longer than Dean’s.
Wait. “Are you in my head?” Dean should be upset about that, it should feel like too much, too close, too risky, what if Cas sees - but then, Dean remembers. He’s seen it all already, all of the good, all of the bad, and he called Dean
Cas huffs. "I already explained to you the havoc a single rabbit can wreak upon tender crops. And they were fox urine extract pellets, not 'dog piss,'" Cas adds with air quotes. "The impulse to nurture something. Take care of it. Like the way you insist on feeding Sam, Jack, and me so well. Or why you have a calendar alert set for Jody’s birthday.”
. “You too, alright?”
Dean goes still.
“So. That’s when I loved you first,” Cas says, wiping his hands carefully with a too-small bar napkin. “The way I loved you first - knowing beyond a shadow of a doubt that you deserved better than Heaven’s plan for you. Shall I continue?”
Cas returns his hand to his lap, and Dean misses it immediately. “I...made a deal.”
“And with members of small town law enforcement, fairies, sprites, demons, angels, assorted monsters and lesser deities. Not to mention, a sizable percentage of human men.”
Cas catches his breath as they make their way back to the kitchen side by side. Dean gets two glasses down from the cupboard and the whiskey bottle from its perch above the microwave before shaking his head and picking up the kettle instead. He throws Cas a look when his eyes land on the conspicuous lack of dishes in the sink.
“No, uh. Not Kurt Vonnegut. Mark.”
“The sweet peas and radishes shouldn’t present any risk of injury. We’ll just need a few buckets to store what we harvest.”
“It’s about time, man,” Sam says when they separate, eyes misty.
“Sounds good,” Dean says, scrubbing a hand through his hair. “Do they have bacon?”
“Enlighten me.” He needs the silver lining—they’re staring down a six hour drive back to Lebanon without Cas in the backseat.
Dean leans over the table. "What the hell is this place? What the fuck is
“‘K, bye Sam,” Dean says, slamming the ‘end call’ button as Cas sucks a kiss just above his ass.
He hangs up. That seems like a woefully inadequate voicemail, given the contents of their last conversation. Or rather, Castiel’s farewell monologue. It’s only a conversation if both parties participate, after all, and neither Cas himself, Death, or the Empty exactly made time for that. He dials Sam’s number.
Then, there’s a split-second of stomach-dropping weightlessness until he registers that the concrete has been replaced with memory foam. Cas’ mouth is still busy, his hands kneading at Dean’s thighs and spreading him open.
He takes slow breaths, in through his nose and out through his mouth, until the hot static in his brain settles enough for him to form words.
“Dammit.”
“Shit, this is a caper, isn’t it?” Dean says, grinning. “Do I get a codename? It’s ‘Clooney,’ for obvious reasons.”
, he doesn’t say. “I think you’d like it.”
Dean keeps scrolling. “Yikes, James Madison.”
“Uh, pass. I am too fuckin’ old for camping.” Dean can feel a crick in his neck just thinking about it. The hard ground beneath his back, he and Cas a hairsbreadth apart in a military surplus pup tent, no else around...who knows what might happen.
He runs out of steam. The wind howls outside, and Dean is grateful that everyone he cares about who’s still alive is either out of range of the storm or underground. He doesn’t remember thinking about that so much, before. After all the shit that went down, he wants everybody to just be fucking
“I just - Cas said he wants a window.”
“You didn’t know that at the time. Anyway. Here’s to half-cocked, foolhardy devotion. The true meaning of friendship,” Cas says, lifting his mug in a toast.
Cas sets a hand on his shoulder, squeezing. And that’s a thing they’re doing now, the casual touch. It’s absurdly comforting.
plans are.”
“That was my assumption,” Cas says, eyes gone soft at the edges. “So, there you have it. The most mundane of dreams. My angelic brothers and sisters would be mortified.”
Back in the bedroom, Dean flops down naked and spread-eagled on the bed to cool off. Even with his eyes shut, he can feel Cas staring from the doorway to the bathroom.
“I’m fine.”
“So good at this, so good for me. I could keep you here, stop time and just do this forever, how does that sound?”
Dean nods, unable to speak. Cas gets him back deep in his mouth, rocking the head of his cock into the back of his throat like he doesn’t need to
He’s tired, he’s
“And...that’s...um...” Dean tries not to get reactive, instead taking a moment to cast around for the right words. “Explain to me how that’s a good thing. Because I can sure think of some other options. What about burgers, the bunker’s water pressure, livin’ to fight another day -”
“Do you have a spare t-shirt?” Cas asks. “This is my last one. The clothing I packed for this trip didn’t account for a lake monster.”
“It’s purely subjective,” Cas says. “And you’re welcome to be my plus-one for dinner with Mr. Rogers, if that helps.”
"There are some informative articles I can send you, if you’re interested. All from reputable journals of course, and I can share my personal perspective as well. Over the course of the last several millennia, I’ve observed the dietary habits of innumerable human civilizations, and -"
When he awakens again, they’ve shifted positions. Cas’ head is on his chest, his arm slung low across Dean’s hips. There’s weak, early morning sunlight on Dean’s face, and he squints his eyes closed against it in denial. He lets himself rub at the hem of Cas’ t-shirt sleeve, skimming his warm skin.
Cas awakens with a start, shoulders clenched against the dream’s phantom ache. It’s near dawn, going by an angelically-accurate sense of time he hasn’t yet lost. He’s in Dean’s bed in the geographical center of the United States, not on a rocky coastline in Maine. He adjusts to the reality of his surroundings to the tune of Dean’s steady and peaceful breathing beside him. Cas can’t see his face in the near-total darkness of the room, the only light coming from the sliver of space between the door and the floor where the weak light from the hallway ekes in. He lightly places a hand in the center of Dean’s back, feeling the steady rise and fall.
“You wanna get a drink? Something to eat?”
"Goddammit. Okay? Alright?" Dean says by way of explanation, from inches away. He drops his hands, breathing hard.
Dean laughs, that’s something he knows from firsthand experience.
“Yeah, yeah, Sammy. You okay?”
Cas leans forward, sucking the head of Dean’s cock into his mouth as his lubed-up hand trails down behind his balls and lower. Dean tilts his hips up, a previously unknown reflex. Cas finds his mark, the pad of his thumb rubbing gently. Searching in the sheets, Dean finds the lube and nudges Cas’ hip with it.
“Just the desk clerk. We’re a little late for the 10:00 AM check-out.”
Outside Cleveland, Sam tells Dean to take an exit north toward the lake, for something about a bookshop he wants to check out. Dean doesn’t question it, but when they pull into a parking lot at Edgewater Park, Sam is out the door fast. He opens and shuts the trunk, then taps on Dean’s window with a bag thrown over his shoulder. Dean jabs at the automatic window button, looking momentarily aggrieved at the shoddy workmanship.
He can’t even make sense of it at first, what he’s seeing, everything he can feel from Cas’ mind. Then, the picture clears, and he sees snapshots of memories.
Cas starts kissing him back in earnest when Dean tongues at his lower lip. He’s got one hand pressed to the side of Dean’s face and the other fisted in his t-shirt like Dean’s in any danger of going anywhere. The dock groans unhappily beneath them as Dean presses closer, and he knows it isn’t his imagination that the air around them is growing warmer, sweltering.
It makes Dean want to leap off the roof to have it put so bluntly, but that's Cas. And it's true, anyway. These last few months, with Sam, Cas, and Jack, everyone safe and whole and presently in possession of their soul... probably the longest stretch of peace he's ever lived through.
Dean shrugs, glad he’s facing the wall so Cas can’t see the way he knows he looks right now. Embarrassed, and proud, and greedy. He hasn’t heard someone say this many nice things about him in a row since...
, for fucks sake.
“You have paid a high price in this life, Dean Winchester,” she says quietly. “I give you my blessing, and my protection, now and for the rest of your days.”
“That won’t be necessary -” Cas starts to protest. It’s a very long way from Kansas to the Atlantic coast, after all. He can manage.
“Do you think the diner has cheeseburgers?” Cas muses, pulling him back to the moment.
So many places he needs to kiss. His last rib, the center of his sternum, the crook of his arm. Dean holds still, just breathing. That is, until Cas skips over his groin entirely in order to weave a rambling path down the inside of his thigh to his knee, to the inside of his ankle. That bit of malfeasance earns a groan, but Dean doesn’t rush him. Which is good, because it seems a little early in this phase of their relationship to be considering tying Dean to his bed and doing this for hours.
Dean makes a hard correction with the steering wheel just before he hits the rumble strip.
“What about you, man? Bet you’ve got a ton of shit you could be doing that’d make for a day better than this one.”
“I’m trying,” Dean says.
“You’ll see what I mean. The question is, ‘Your house, containing everything you own suddenly...floods. After saving your loved ones, you have time to safely make a final dash to save any one item. What would it be? Why?’”
“Yes, John Adams was not, shall we say, conventionally attractive? He was also deeply unpleasant. Your people were right not to re-elect him,” Cas says firmly.
The server is too pretty, with dark hair and blue eyes and a name tag reading "Hyacinth." When she asks what they'd like to drink, Dean smiles slow and leans in, running on automatic after decades of charming beautiful people in cafes and bars across America.
A third finger. That one’s a stretch, the best kind. Dean lets out a long, slow breath, hiking his knees up to give Cas more room to work.
Cas looks a little floored. His expression softens, shifting from agitated to fond, the crinkles at the corners of his eyes replacing the deep vee between his brows.
There’s a pause on the other end of the line, Sam signing with Eileen, no doubt.
"Alright, you're a badass, I got it,” Dean says. He pictures some mashup of Baywatch and Blue Crush, with Cas standing in for Pamela Anderson and Kate Bosworth. “So your turn. Something you've dreamed of doing. Go."
"I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable, drawing attention to it," Cas says seriously, eyebrows drawn together. "I just meant, it's okay for you to enjoy things too."
“Don’t ruin this for me. I’m a fuckin’ pro. Expertise, man. That’s what it’s all about.”
Later, Cas is antsy during movie night with Jack and Sam. Tonight’s selection is Avatar. Jack is working his way through the top-grossing movies of the last twenty years as a sort of pop culture boot camp, and it’s been a mixed bag. Lord of the Rings was awesome, of course, and Dean definitely didn’t cry a little bit in Frozen.
Dean shivers, pulling Cas closer still. “Uh, does a mindmeld with an angel usually come with a free space heater?”
“You’re not curious?” Cas asks, head tilted.
“Alright, you’re right, Dad should’ve taken us to the beach. So with your last year on Earth, that’s what you’d want to do?”
His thumbs follow the tight planes of muscle on either side of Cas’ spine, eventually sweeping out under the bottom edge of his shoulder blades. Cas keens, unselfconscious and entirely fatal for Dean’s own sense of self-preservation. He’s gonna be getting off on this every lonely night for the rest of his sad life. To get leverage on Cas’ shoulders, he leans out over his back in a way that puts his dick in way-too-close of proximity to Cas’ ass. Cas shifts underneath him, arching his neck into Dean’s grip and not helping at
“Sounds cheesy."
Cas nuzzles at him, throwing a leg over his for good measure just when Dean thinks about maybe trying to get out of bed. It can wait a little longer.
“It’s no one’s fault that we couldn’t - that we didn’t - find some way to relate to each other. If we’d had more time, sure, but -”
The thing is, he knows what he looks like. A fluke of genetics has made people want to take him to bed since he could pass for eighteen. The way Cas is looking at him is both exactly like how everyone’s always looked at him and like no ever has. He pulls Cas to his feet, and while Cas takes care of his own shirt, Dean drops to his knees on the threadbare carpet to help him out of his pants. He’s a helpful person, after all. If he slides Cas’ belt free of the loops a little slower than absolutely required, who’s to know. He wants Cas to feel it.
“Alright. I have experienced sexual attraction before. On more than one occasion.”
Dean rolls over to face him, his back protesting. Cas’ mattress sucks.
“...No. It wasn’t.” Gonna need to think on that one for at least a year. “When I said I’ve been seeing him, I meant that literally. He’s been around, a few times. Just for a second.”
Cas’ grip on his hair tightens when Dean presses a chaste (so to speak) kiss to the head of his cock. It may have been a minute since he’s done this, but some skills don’t fade. He licks his lips, then gets a hand on Cas’ ass to tug him forward. He has no idea if anyone has done this for Cas before. Has anyone’s been on their knees for him, learned what he tastes like, gotten him off? If they have, Dean’s going to be better. Cas won’t even remember them.
Dean graciously relinquishes the opportunity to mock intentional exercise in favor of a follow-up question.
, the certainty of it is so shocking that Dean almost loses focus, until Cas does something with his tongue that sends Dean careening back into the present.
He’s naked, which is no surprise. It’s not the first time he’s reentered this planet that way. It’s close to dawn, which seems like a vaguely heavy-handed metaphor for his re-birth. He sits up on the rock he finds himself atop, bringing his knees close to his chest to ward off the substantial early-morning chill. He’s not overly familiar with this terrain, but if he had to guess, he’s somewhere near the northernmost point of Swan’s Island. He’s got a pretty good idea of the
“Correct again. I texted Sam from the car that we might not be back until tomorrow. He responded that we should ‘take our time’ and ‘savor this special experience,’ which I thought was nice.”
Dean pounds a fist against the floor.
“No, you were a perfectly polite bedmate. It was a dream that woke me.” Is
Love y'all. Thank you so much to everyone who has read, left kudos, and commented. Means the world.
“The fuck is he talking about?” Dean says, turning on Cas.
Ten minutes later, he’s sipping some kind of sweetened coffee thing that’s fucking delicious and watching Cas delicately pinch a shrimp dumpling in his chopsticks. Dean pulls out his phone and opens up the tab for the questions. He scrolls down through the numbers Cas has already taken care of, startled to see they still somehow have eleven left to go.
“Come on, you’ve watched mountains rise from the sea - those were your words. A greasy joint like this, some burnt coffee, and the pleasure of my company can’t possibly -”
to know this shit. He asked, after all. And there’s no one around to judge him for it. Just him and Cas, a couple of buds on a dark highway on the way to a no-name motel, answering intimate questions about themselves. Fuck.
Cas doesn’t answer. He stares instead. Dean tries to keep his eyes on the road even as the weight of Cas’ eyes on him makes his dick get dumb ideas. When Dean doesn’t press the issue, Cas lets out a quiet, dissatisfied sigh.
"Stop that," Cas says, bringing a hand to Dean’s face, thumbing at the corner of his mouth. “I said we should talk. But I’m wondering if there’s another way.”
“I mean, yeah?” Dean asks, confused. “Wait, you wouldn’t? We don’t have to, it was just an idea, I’m fine with -”
“Just tell me, you gotta tell me if this is okay,” Dean says, shakily.
“Oh, I see, that was an innuendo.”
"...Oh." Suddenly, Dean's mouth is very, very dry and his hands are very, very sweaty.
“I do get that. In Sam’s defense, I asked him if there were any other potential hunts between here and Lebanon, and he insisted he and Eileen have everything covered.”
“Intelligence isn’t some zero-sum game between siblings,” Cas says, exasperated. “You and Sam are both exceptionally bright. It’s not your fault that you attended fourteen different schools in a three year period. I can show you the literature on the statistically undeniable impact of school instability on a child’s -”
“What did you have in mind?”
This doesn’t exactly seem like a critical life skill, but Cas doesn’t argue. It’s nice to spend time together.
“No one calls them ‘bedclothes,’ Cas.” Cas ignores him.
"Oh," he says, like he understands when he definitely, certainly doesn't. "To clarify, you’re trying to say that you want me to - what, exactly?”
"Why not? You told Jack you’d retire, and I assume you meant it.”
"You alright?" Dean asks, trying to remember if he’s been staring any more than usual lately. Maybe he made the guy uncomfortable, fuck. It’s just, anyone would agree Cas is more than a little stare-worthy. Dean has
,” Dean says, like the word doesn’t taste right on his tongue. “And don’t friends usually, I don’t know, give a fuck when you’re hungry? Or stranded cross-country and broke as hell?”
Cas’ fingers find the tightness on the outsides of his thighs like his stupid body is sending out some kind of homing beacon, and Dean finally flinches. He realizes his eyes are wet.
“It was this case on a college campus, real hippy-dippy place,” Dean says, remembering the lingering smell of patchouli and weed. “The pho was some kind of special-of-the-day thing in the cafeteria. Nothing legit.”
“Hey, Claire. How’ve you been?”
“Coconut bacon.”
Dean comes, Cas close behind.
Sam clears his throat in the back seat, smothering what sounds like a laugh.
Well, this "epilogue" got a little out of hand, huh.
“Back to your question though. Not to put too fine a point on it, but, well. I’ve destroyed a great many things, over the course of my existence. It feels good to do the opposite. Create something, for a change.”
The alcohol answers for him, more honest than he’d otherwise willingly be.
“What role do love and affection play in my life?”
Dean side-eyes him. “Are you putting the moves on me, man?”
Cas scowls at him.
“I’m - I’d say I’m fine, but. Well.” She looks down at her lap, picking at a loose thread in the hem of her sweatshirt.
things Cas can feel all the way through their meal. Eating ribs is not attractive. That’s an unmovable law of the universe. And yet, as Dean watches Cas suck sauce off his index finger before taking a long pull from his beer bottle...
“Are you hungry?” Cas asks. “According to Yelp, there’s a place up the road that serves stuffed waffles.”
to get closer. The solution presents itself and he clambers forward onto Cas’ lap, a hand tight in his hair to bring their mouths back together.
Dean smiles then, a shaky thing. He takes his hand away from Cas’ knee, fists it against his thigh. “Can I ask you something first?”
“Uh, no? Thanks for the chia seeds, by the way - really good in smoothies after my runs.”
“Just thinking out loud, man.”
Supplies hastily shoved into the trunk, they head out. Cas is alert, body tense in the passenger seat as he talks faster than Dean can parse about the physics involved in forming makeshift hail shelters out of scavenged supplies. There are formulas and calculations that definitely weren’t covered in his GED study guide’s math section. Dean does a lot of serious nodding along, and tries not to think about what the Impala’s roof is going to look like when the storm is over.
“Then what was it?” he asks when he can breathe again, genuinely curious. Possibly also fishing for a compliment, but Cas doesn’t need to know that.
“Will there be a cake decorated with a motif from the most recent Disney smash hit? I hear Frozen II was a triumph. Balloons? A bounce house?” Jack asks, eyes wide.
“I hope you get a quality night’s rest, gentlemen. Here’s your key. And remember, the ice machine is closest to room seven, which you can get to by turning north outside your room - or wait, south? Would turning left be south?”
"Oh." Dean tries to get his brain to shift gears. "Sure. I mean, the bunker is kinda forty feet underground though. That's a lot of dirt to move."
Cas hears scrambling on the other side of the line, and then Sam’s voice is back.
Dean looks at him. “The hell, man. Okay, just gimme a second.”
He should have expected this, in retrospect. Of course, Cas would apply as much concentration to getting into his ass as he did to angelic warfare in another life. His free hand rubs circles against Dean’s hip as he circles the tip of a finger just inside, slow slow slow.
the aging of your cells?”
house, though Cas doesn’t know that yet.
They take Cas’ Continental, Jack sliding in behind the steering wheel. Dean loads their bags into the trunk as Cas lectures Jack about the importance of checking the car's numerous blind spots before changing lines. After he and Cas watch them head off, Dean takes Cas’ hand.
“I think I’ve known you longer than I’ve been alive,” Dean answers, a little breathless. “So I guess I can be as honest as I want. I think,” he laughs, something like giddiness, “I like everything about you, maybe? God, that’s stupid, but I think I mean it? I definitely mean it.”
Dean holds a hand up, stopping him. “Cas, come on.” He looks pained, the opposite of Cas’ intention. As has often been the case in the history of their friendship. “If you say I should’ve left you at a bus station in Buffalo...what kind of shithead do you think I am?”
“Yeah, and it’s not like he didn’t have shit goin’ too. He’d just lost Eileen, had a whole mess happening with the folks from the other universe, but I just couldn’t give a shit. I was
“Oh come
“Dean, are you - are you alright?”
They work together beautifully, like they always have. Stakes are pushed as far as possible into the dirt, tarps draped over the rectangles they create, and stones used to anchor everything in place. Cas is muttering in Enochian the entire time. To Dean’s untrained ear, it sounds vaguely like an obscenity-laden prayer.
“You already know the answer. You already know everything. Let’s get married.”
“Dean.”
“The affectionate touch?” Cas finishes for him. Dean could die on the spot but that would entail not getting to finish his soup. He nods. “You’re right. We are...trying something out. How do you think it’s going?”
"Dean, I think it's friendly," Cas says, setting a gentle hand on his knee.
“If you Google the New York Times and ‘The 36 Questions that -” Cas trails off in an indecipherable mutter.
“Uh, any more memories coming back, of how you got out?” Dean asks as they circle through the outer ring Columbus suburbs.
“‘Tell your partner what you like about them,’” Cas says then. “‘Be very honest this time, saying things that you might not say to someone you’ve just met.’”
Dean swallows thickly, and Cas sets the pile of selected clothes gently in his lap and the bag in the footwell. He smooths his hands over the flannel as Dean turns on the radio. Something acoustic fills the speakers, and Cas catches Dean’s grimace.
“‘If you were going to become a close friend with your partner, please share what would be important for him to know,’” Cas says.
Dean wants to argue. He wants to tell him that none of it matters, that all is forgiven, that he’s done shit too, but he settles for awkwardly reaching over to pat Cas’ knee. He’s already said everything he needs to say, forgiven Cas a hundred times over. He knows - it’s not about him.
Cas smiles. "Watch this."
“The explanation, please. For earlier.”
“Like a little romantic getaway type of thing?” Eileen asks, hearts in her eyes.
“Hey, Cas,” Sam says warmly. Cas loves him. “Man, still can’t believe you’re - how’s the ride going?”
“Oh. Like, a present, or something?” Sam says, plopping into a chair on the other side of the table and cocking his head at him curiously.
“How do you know?”
Cas repeats the process on his right hand, infinitely tighter for how many times it’s fired a gun. Dean watches Cas’ face as he works, the concentrated wrinkle between his eyebrows. Dean loves him so much. He’s
“So, the motel in Smith Center, right?” Cas asks.
“Anyone can. Wow. Who’d have guessed.”
“There are different iterations, different phases of knowing.” Dean just looks at him, patient. “In some sense, since before you knew my name.”
Cas smiles, pulling the handle for the backseat.
Sam pulls him into a hug. Ridiculously tight. Dean gives as good as he gets, thumping a hand on Sam’s back. Jack joins in, wrapping his arms around them both. It’s sweet and weird and very on-brand for their off-beat family.
“Hell no, but thanks for the help with the crossword.”
After all is said and done, Cas comes back. Because of course he does. He had to, or Dean wouldn't have - he
He’s never known how to end a prayer. ‘Amen’ seems ridiculous, ‘see ya’ is worse.
“I’ll be damned.” The guy fills in the letters, and grins at him. “Just for that, I’ll upgrade ya to a jacuzzi suite.”
“I’m not following.” Sam has the mercy to look confused rather than worried for Dean’s sanity.
“You really didn’t have to rush."
“What about you?”
Cas is hanging up his coat in the closet when Dean comes back out, and Dean watches as he pulls off his boots and sets them tidily on the shoe rack before holding out a hand for Dean’s own jacket.
, what are you -”
“Love and affection are vital, I think. I’ve seen the impact a drought of both can have on a person. Not to bring up your father again, but...”
- time you need.”
Weird. Dean has seen Cas buck-ass naked more times than he can count. He’s a goddamn pro at not making it weird. What the hell is different now?
“Where else would I be?” Cas asks, genuinely curious.
“Would you like to make a trip? Is it far from the bunker?” Cas asks, opening up the maps app on his phone and squinting against the midday sunlight streaming in the window.
“You’ll see.”
“Jacob’s axe was destroyed in the Crusades of the mid-thirteenth century—oh. I see what you mean. They let me keep an encyclopedic knowledge of birdsong, both extant and extinct. And the dance language of the honey bee. And every memory of you formed with angelic senses.”
“Kinda morbid. You sayin’ my femurs are hot?” Dean says, pulling into the motel lot, its “VACANCY” sign flickering.
Turns out, it is an issue. The hunt takes forever when they have to dig up not one but
“So how’re you doing? You need anything?” Dean asks, once he’s merged into the light late-morning traffic heading out of the city.
“Dean,
“Could say the same for you. Where’s Eileen at? I’ve still got to give you the shovel speech.”
He blinks, lost for words. Then he feels Cas’ steady hand on the small of his back.
“You sure as shit cared about me and it got you fucking killed. I’d call that a waste, wouldn’t you?”
“Two birds, one stone. I’m fully capable of praising your merits at the same time. You said no one has done this for you in quite some time.”
“Well, I sure as shit didn’t pray to a god. Any of them. But yeah, I kinda... thought things. In your direction.”
by it, the motion repeating as Dean’s hips find a rhythm that Cas matches. The term for this act doesn’t match how good it feels, human and inelegant and fantastic. The room is completely silent other than the sound of their breathing.
“And that’s not...normal,” Dean says, looking down mournfully on the fruit he was really fucking looking forward to eating.
“Dean’s phone,” Sam says by way of answer.
“Or?”
“Take our time,” Cas says, the corner of his mouth quirking up, eyes soft.
“Ok, there’s a 24 hour diner fifteen minutes north. Sound okay?”
“Okay?” Cas asks, and Dean just nods, tipping forward until his lips are pressed in an open-mouthed kiss to the hollow of Cas’ throat.
“Goddammit,” Dean says, grinding forward.
Sam smiles, like he knows a secret. It's annoying. “Well, sure, but -”
“I know how much you miss him,” Sam says, like that’s true, like he has any fucking idea.
“We didn’t - that’s not what we did.”
“It’s good.”
“You paid a high price - the entirety of your innocence - and you and your brother saved the world as a result.”
“What?” Sure, there’s an overstuffed, leather La-Z-Boy he’s had his eye on at the furniture shop in Smith Center, but a vacation?
“I’m not sure.”
"What's that? Sam asks, the second Dean sets his purchases down on the war room table.
“I have one more question for you,” Cas says softly, barely louder than the wind outside.
“Quite literal, I’m afraid. I’d worship you, and I fully intend to before the night is over.”
“How ‘bout the people?” Dean asks then, eyes narrowed. “You meet any weirdos on the bus?”
Before he can talk himself out of it, he swings his leg around to straddle Cas’ thighs, his hands resting easily above Cas’ hip bones. Oh God, this was a mistake. Even in baggy flannel pants, Cas is gorgeous. The curve of his ass, the tension in his thighs. Dean tries to settle his idiot heartbeat and overheating nervous system sending electric arcs from his fingertips to his brain, sure that Cas can tell.
, Dean,” Cas gasps.
“What else is someone meant to do while waiting in line besides practice saying ‘I’d like a double number one with an iced tea, please’?”
Except, as soon as he does, he hears Dean in his head, feels his shaking hand in his on the side of the road.
Dean tosses Cas the car keys after they pay their tab. It's either a gesture of trust or a medical necessity due to eating the All Star Breakfast past the age of 25. He slumps into his seat and lets out a contented and slightly pained sigh, letting Cas' navigate them out of the packed parking lot and back onto the interstate.
It’s amazing what some twinkle lights can do for a place. Just last week, he and Cas had been on their hands and knees up here, harvesting the last of the butternut squash and greens. Since then, the rooftop has been transformed through the work of one nephilim, one former angel, two mere mortals, and a motley crew of assorted friends who had descended on the bunker the second they received the wedding invite.
"Just. Don't quit on me. That's all I'm saying. It's - what you want - it isn't a lost cause. I mean, you definitely should quit on me, but uh. That shouldn't be why. It shouldn't be because you think you know something about me that you don't."
Dean shifts in his seat. “Like, the color of my aura, or something?”
“Hey, that’s not...” Dean starts to deny on principle before thinking better of it. It’s not like he can lie convincingly to Cas anyway. “Well, actually, that’s fair.”
“I do,” Cas says, and there's an ache behind his eyes that looks like it predates the cretaceous period.
“Alright, well, then we’ve gotta burn it down, right? Salt the earth or something?” Dean says, stomach sinking. Or maybe that’s just hunger. He eyes his plate - the eggs are probably fine, right? If they weren’t touching the fucking
"Dean, your phone keeps buzzing," Cas grumbles into the back of his neck.
"Well, sure. It’s alive, it gets a name. Shut up."
“So, just you and me, then,” Dean says, with six unique expressions contained in one quirk of his mouth. “Here we go.”
“Next left.”
"He was possessed by Satan at the time," Cas scoffs. "But I suppose it's possible that the admittedly broken U.S. justice system wouldn't have taken that into account."
Dean has his eyes closed, leaning against the cool glass of the window. Cas’ choice of the classical radio station is lulling him to sleep, and he only jerks awake when the car settles to a stop. He blinks and squints against the strong sunlight as Cas fishes his wallet out of his coat pocket and gets out to pump gas. Dean catches his eye in the rear-view mirror for a second, and Cas smiles at him easily. He realizes that Cas’ automatic reaction to looking at him these days, is that smile.
"Thanks, I guess. You hungry, by the way? I picked up some charcoal when we were in town, thought I could grill some kebabs tonight. Do you think Sam would notice if I stole some saffron from his witchy magic supplies, for a little pilaf? I don't think we're going to be summoning any desert spirits for a while anyway, so he doesn't need it."
“Well, ever since you got me that sourdough starter, I had to have somewhere to, ya know. Actually keep the bread.”
“Hello, Dean.”
For a midwesterner, Carl is pretty direct. Takes a lot for an Iowan to tell you to fuck off, politely or otherwise.
“Dean, has the spirit, or entity to be more general, done you any harm?” Jack asks, looking up from his laptop.
It’s weird as hell, even though he’s been praying to Cas for as many years as they’ve known each other. It’s weird now, specifically. He doesn’t want to think about why that is.
"Maybe I want you to misinterpret me, do you ever think of that?" Dean says, and he sounds frustrated now. What on earth? "Fuck, that's not what I mean. Help me out here."
“Totally sure.”
Dean sits back on his heels, taking Cas with him. Before Dean can track what’s happening, Cas is pulling out, turning around, and then, face to face, he’s sliding Dean’s dick back where it belongs.
“I wasn’t aware of another writer in the Vonnegut family.”
“You like this. I mean, the gardening, or whatever. It’s something you enjoy, I guess?”
“What kind of pen does he like?”
“I know we don’t have to do everything,” Dean says with a squeeze to his hip. “But we could maybe...” The head of Dean’s cock presses between his legs, and Cas understands. He pushes back into it and gets his free hand into Dean’s hair. Then Dean gets the angle right and his dick shifts forward until it meets the back of Cas’ balls.
Dean gets one hand back on his cock, jerking it as slow as he can stand to make this whole desperate thing last a little longer. But Cas fucks that plan right to hell when he gets his hands under Dean’s hips and none-too-gently hauls him down onto the floor. Cas puts a hand in the center of Dean’s chest, pushing him back until Dean’s sprawled out on the carpet. Cas straddles his chest then, and Dean automatically opens his mouth for Cas to feed his dick into.
“It wasn’t
Another strip mall. Today has a theme, apparently, but Cas hasn’t steered them wrong gastronomically yet. Dean is operating on earned faith.
“What did you have in mind?” Dean says, sipping his coffee.
He trails off, realizing what he just said with dawning horror.
to stick around. I mean.” Oh, that was more than he meant to say. “I want someone to want that. Want me.”
Dean groans, scrabbling at the bedding for something to hold onto.
“Dean.”
“You don’t have to stick around for it,” he makes himself say, rather than something embarrassing like the truth:
Dean shucks out of his pants and overshirt, folding them up and setting them on the dresser to have something to do with his hands. He’s not embarrassed, not really - Cas knows a fuckall of a lot more embarrassing things about him than that he really likes a memoir written by a 70 year old pediatrician.
“I am a little hungry. Do you think anywhere is open?”
Dean.”
Dean doesn’t ask what he and Claire talked about, just squeezes Cas’ fingers and drifts back to sleep once Cas’ breathing evens out.
“So you said you’d tell me in the morning,” Dean says after his third cup of coffee and two-thirds through the house special, a nutella Belgian waffle topped with strawberries and a delightfully obscene amount of whipped cream. Sam would have had a stroke on principle.
Cas hands the bottle from the condiment caddy across the table to him. Dean drizzles what seems like an appropriate amount across his bowl. He groans when he takes another messy bite.
Dean thinks of John. Of the kind of man John was, the kind of man he wanted Dean to be. Dean in his too-big jacket, too young to hold a shotgun right, doing his damnedest. Scared out of his mind that John was going to wise up and realize what a fucking fraud he had for an eldest son.
"Okay, so, what about you?" Dean asks, grateful for the back-and-forth nature of this to give him a break from baring his soul.
- it’s all a targeted attack, and Dean’s helpless.
They kiss and it's all crazy and Dean feels like he’s going to pass out, but he doesn’t. Then Cas is shooting off again between them, sucking a mark into Dean’s neck and Dean finally, finally gets to come. It feels like it lasts forever.
“Alright. Congrats. Or, I’m sorry? Guess it depends on your situation,” he says in a shrugging drawl. “Hey, you happen to know what casino is next to the Venetian in Vegas? It’s 34 across. Four letters.”
, just like you said, before I could get a word in."
“You’re ridiculous,” Cas says, and then there’s a hand on Dean’s side, tugging him close until his ass is pressed to Cas’ crotch, Cas arm snug around him like this is a thing they do.
“I have no doubt as to your desire to speak to those who you’ve lost, Dean. You’ve grieved far more than your fair share. For the sake of novelty, let’s refine the question to be anyone you don’t know personally.”
“Uh.” Dean scrubs at whatever fuckery is on his face - he’s not crying. Absolutely not. It's just been a while. Since he's been touched. That's all.
"Yes. Do you mind?”
“Shit.” Dean regrets the second waffle, as he imagines the worst of the shit Cas no-doubt saw, especially fresh off Allistair’s rack as he was back then.
Sam bumps his shoulder against his, friendly. “Maybe we could—I don’t know. Do something fun for a change,” he says as he dries off his hands on a fussy embroidered towel Cas had picked up at a craft fair up in Wyoming after a hunt. Something hot and sharp twists inside Dean at the sight, even though evidence of Cas is fucking inescapable everywhere he goes regardless. He might not have a handprint on his shoulder anymore, but he carries Cas on his skin anyway.
“Uh, pretty sure I just fucked up getting your pants off, so.”
“Okay, then. What the hell.”
“Shit, we missed check-out time. That crossword guy at the front desk is gonna be pissed.”
“Hm.”
Dean’s face is tucked against his neck, Dean’s arms bracketing his head as they move together. Cas keeps a hand in Dean’s hair, the other running over his back to both soothe and incite. He’s drunk on the feel of his own skin, how much more awake he feels. As a human, he might not be able to monitor the dilation of his pupils and the exact speed at which his heart beats, but he doesn’t need angelic grace to spell out the effect Dean is having on him.
feels gorgeous. Nobody’s told Cas that this is filthy, kinky shit—rubbing come into the skin of someone’s face, and Dean’s so goddamn glad.
burgers."
Dean just holds on.
“Of course.” Cas hopes it won’t require as much liquid courage for Dean to revisit the topic, but he can be patient.
“‘For what in your life do you feel most grateful?’” Dean asks, his turn to play interviewer from the passenger seat as Cas steers them up I-55 through Illinois.
“What are you doin’ down there?”
“Bed, you gotta get me -” Dean says, groaning as Cas changes the angle, and he gets introduced to Cas’ throat, tight and perfect.
Cas just smiles, and it’s tired, familiar.
Dean is abruptly back to full consciousness at that call to arms. “Let’s do it.”
“All of it,” Dean finally says, deciding on the unvarnished truth. “That’s my answer. I want someone for all of it. The good days and the shit ones, all the boring stuff in the middle. Someone that sticks around.”
“Fair enough. Well, you already have me, and buying you a recliner is an attainable goal,” Cas says, ticking each off on his fingers. “And we should go to the beach.”
“It’s all still here,” Cas says reverently, holding out a flawless Amana Orange to Dean. It’s heavy in Dean’s palm, not a bruise or a scrape to be found. “Amazing. I think she’s getting stronger. Her sphere of influence is expanding.”
“Anything.”
Dean just shrugs, and pops another berry in his mouth. Next on the menu: a galette.
The waitress chooses that moment to refill their water glasses, seemingly nonplussed at what Dean just said.
They take a longer route back up the dunes, Cas walking in front and offering Dean an unnecessary but appreciated hand up on the steeper bits. If their hands stay linked a second or two longer than necessary for Dean to regain his footing, no one is the wiser.
“They’re - they’re kind of pretty. If they were a little bigger, they sort of look like something that might try to eat me in purgatory.”
“But I didn’t. So. You wanna answer this one?”
Cas stands too, taking his place next to Dean, towel in hand. Dean hands clean dishes to him one by one, Cas putting them away in their correct places. Not like Sam, putting all the spoons facing the wrong direction or worse, Jack, putting the plastic salad spinner in the oven and giving Dean a near-heart attack the next time he goes to pre-heat it.
Dean stumbles off the chair and flops back onto the bed in question with his feet hanging off the end. He gets his elbows underneath himself in time to see Cas drop to a kneel.
“However,” Cas adds, “Those fireproof gloves you keep in the trunk for burning bones might come in handy. The raspberry thicket is quite overgrown, after all. Some of the fruit may be hard to reach. Things could get...prickly.”
“Well, that’s good. I’ll leave the pistols and the flamethrower at home then,” Dean says, turning off the water and leaning back against the counter to watch Cas carefully line up the last of the mugs in the cupboard.
“Well, considering that I met him when he needed help dealing with an infestation of grindylows in his pond, he’s pretty open-minded. I let him know ahead of time that something weird might go down.”
Dean wraps both hands around his mug, staring into it and avoiding his eyes.
“You wanna talk to Jody too? She and Donna are doing normal mom shit and playing Scrabble or something. I can go get her.”
“What about them? The polygonal, whatever.”
“And this, uh, thing,” Dean says, gesturing vaguely in the direction of the water at their backs, “Is up for a bumpy commute back home?”
“I trust you, okay? With anything. That’s what I think of you.”
Cas licks his lips, eyes roving over Dean’s face. “And you, me.”
“I’ve wanted you since 2009, so I might have some idea.” He rocks forward, and why aren’t they naked yet? He can’t remember.
“I’ve tried to do better with Jack. To express my fondness for him, my enjoyment of his company, my interest in the things that interest him. For example, did you know he has recently taken up frisbee golfing? There is a course in Smith Center that we visit together occasionally. I’ll admit that my skills with blades don’t naturally transfer to a plastic disc.”
“Garth, maybe?” Eileen hedges.
Dean wakes up alone, one palm flat in the center of the bed as though he’d reached for Cas at some point in the night. He scrubs at his eyes and looks up to see that Cas is perched at the kitchenette with a newspaper and a cup of coffee, fully dressed and looking like a stock photo of mid-century domesticity. Except for the bedhead and the sawed-off on his right.
“I may have underestimated the absinthe,” Cas grumbles.
“You mean, was I as worried as you seemed to be last night about the odds of Bambi taking out my windshield? No. But am I glad I got to see what you look like when you - uh...”
He just manages to wait until the woman is out of eyesight before peeling back the wrapper and diving in. Peanut butter and jelly, because the universe enjoys narrative symmetry, apparently. He tastes far more than molecules this time around. It’s delicious.
He doesn’t mean it to come out accusatory, but Dean’s smile slips all the same.
“Cas, how the hell -” he says, before realizing that Cas isn’t next to him. Instead, Cas is across the yard, the top of his head barely visible where he’s knelt down between the rows of tomatoes.
“I mean, when a partner undresses you. Slowly, or more perfunctory? Or would you like to do it yourself, if it makes you self-conscious to have someone do it for you? Do you like to be watched, and if so, with or without commentary?”
“Here? You want me to - here?” Dean looks over his shoulder, like anyone in here gives a damn. They’re all drinking and flirting and shooting pool and otherwise uninterested in any of Dean’s shit.
“Thank you, Dean. I am very glad to be back,” Cas answers honestly. “It’s quite a surprise. I really thought this time would be permanent.”
Dean just shakes his head, passes his empty glass between his palms on the bartop.
“But back to the question,” Cas says.
His phone buzzes on the counter. He sets his spatula down and taps on it.
Dean fiddles with the menu, slightly sticky in that way all laminated diner menus are, and tries to avoid saying something obvious like,
“You went on to college, settled down with someone who loved you. No devil’s traps under the rug, no salt on the windowsills. You were good, and happy, and cared for. As it always should have been.”
“You’re sure,” Claire says, and she’s using the voice Dean always uses with unreliable witnesses to paranormal events. Shit, she probably learned that tone from him.
"Your microbiome could use supplementation. You know I’m right."
“Anything, man.” He means it.
Dean slips back into this kind of work easily, the sound of the circular saw, the smell of new oak floorboards, and the feel of the drywall dust in his hair. Cas devotes himself entirely to the home’s circulatory system, swapping out most of the rusted out pipes and the wiring, always with a copy of the American Electricians’ Handbook within arms-reach. He won’t be satisfied until this place could pass a fire marshal’s codes inspection.
After everything with the Empty, Billie, and Chuck, Sam had been the one to make the calls. Someone had to, and Dean hadn’t exactly been in a position to talk to anyone at all, alone in his room with a bloodied jacket and his terrible memories. When Jack brought everybody (
It’s then that he sees Cas across the roof. He’s talking to Claire, his head bent low. She’s almost unrecognizable in a long, pink dress with honest-to-god flowers in her hair. Dean hasn’t seen her in anything but flannel since she was...shit, eleven years old?
..many more...times?” Dean asks, breathless and maybe delirious but definitely not complaining. He slips his hands underneath Cas’ arms, hauling him upright, his chest to Cas’ back. Cas tips his head back onto Dean’s shoulder and Dean mouths at the sweet, sun-tanned skin on the side of his neck.
“So are we throwing a wedding?” Sam asks. “The guest list might be small, and more than a little unconventional. I assume you don’t want to invite the surviving Campbells, but we could call Jody and Donna. Put something together for you guys.”
Dean takes what could generously be construed as the scenic route home, as much as central Kansas can be scenic. The wheat fields are kind of pretty, he supposes. With the windows down, he can hear the warm June breeze swishing through them. There’s no good reason for it, but this is the least lonely he’s felt in weeks. Maybe after all these years and too many tragedies, he’s finally lost the plot. He’s earned the right. But for a second, it’s like—it’s almost like he’s got someone in the passenger seat beside him.
Moving to unsteady legs, Cas ambles over and roots around until he finds what Dean knew full-well was there, holding the small bottle of lube and a condom for Dean to verify.
“Well, the first question is, ‘Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?’ Surprisingly, I couldn’t ascertain your answer from when I reassembled your lymphatic system.”
“Of course,” Cas says simply, flipping on the turn signal before moving into the interstate on-ramp lane. "There is nothing else demanding my attention, and no one else’s company I would rather be in.”
“I don’t understand, why are you upset?”
"I want to steal our neighbor's raspberries," Cas says with as much gravitas as if he's planning to rob the Bellagio. "And sweet peas. Possibly the carrots as well, though I can't be sure that's necessary yet."
“I like your responsiveness. The sounds you make.” He curls his fingers for emphasis, driving half of a bitten-back moan out of Dean. “You were made to be treated this well. Nearly there. Just a few questions left. ‘What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about?’ I’ll go first. My intentions toward you. They’re very serious. Your turn.”
Cas is faster. He’s at the door in a moment, angel blade in hand, peering through the peephole. The tension drops out of his spine, and he hides the blade behind his back as he opens the door a crack. He exchanges brief words with the person on the other side before clicking the door shut again.
Dean quickly short-cuts out of the tab he was on.
Dean smiles in that familiar gut-punch way, old grief and fondness both. He should order the banana cream pie. Bobby’s favorite. This place is the kind that would do it right, with real meringue and everything.
“I think you’re right. We’ve embarrassed them. So, we’re looking for an entity a little less lofty than the goddess of all earth. Gnomes, perhaps?”
“We always were ready to go down swingin’,” Dean says, chagrined. Maybe a little too ready.
Dean nods, going for casual, like he doesn’t have an intense, vested interest in this information.
“I’m going to sever the connection to your mind now,” Cas says, and that’s all the warning Dean gets before he suddenly feels a twenty degree drop in the room’s temperature, and a weird feeling of pervasive loneliness.
“Thanks, man.” Dean busies himself stuffing another tortilla full of fajita fixings before he thinks
Dean orders up a couple whiskey doubles, neat. Mid-shelf stuff, he can’t handle that bottom of the barrel shit anymore since he hit 40. Cas sips his slowly, with a low hum.
“Ariel has better hair,” Cas says, trying to decide if he should take the comparison as a compliment or an insult.
Without a word, Dean pulls over to the side of the I-70, crooked and skidding with a cloud of gravel dust in his wake.
“Being human?”
Dean tries not to preen, so he opts for clearing his throat instead.
“I don’t think you understand how anomalous strawberries in July are, Dean,” Cas says on their lunch break one day, adding a line about the occurrence to his logbook.
It’s a total mess. There’s a sag in the middle of the porch overhang, and the shingles that aren’t missing altogether are curled up at the edges.
Cas laughs then, shifting back between Dean’s knees and then kissing up his thighs until he’s got Dean’s cock back between his lips. Dean, for his part, cards his fingers through Cas’ hair and tries to remember to breathe, in and back out until he realizes he’s matching the rhythm of Cas’ own well-timed inhales and exhales around his dick.
Cas sips his coffee, eyes roving over Dean’s face.
Dean fishes a few crumpled up bills out of the glovebox to pay the entrance fee and parks the car in the back of the lot nearest the hiking trails. From there, it’s a half mile walk on a hilly path through the sand dunes until the trees thin out and give way to the shore.
Dean wakes up to Cas’ fingers skating over his bare right hip. Dean’s the little spoon, a preference determined pretty much immediately after they started this thing two years ago.
“Then, there was your sense of loyalty,” Cas continues. “And your desire to believe against all odds that the people in your life were worthy of it. Sam, your father. Me. Even when we were most acutely undeserving.”
Cas hasn’t stopped smiling, and fifteen minutes later, around a black bean patty topped with macadamia cheese and surrounded by a plush brioche bun, neither can Dean.
After the plane lands and the shuddering racket of the engine stops, Dean wills his wobbly legs to cooperate and stumbles down the ladder from the plane door to the ground. He immediately spots Sam, fifty yards away in the middle of a soybean field, with no Cas in sight.
"Are you ready for that? Like I said, I won’t be rushed."
“By all means,” Cas says, letting his hand drop to his lap. Dean misses it immediately.
“Alright, so answer like a normie?”
"In what way I would wish to be famous? Much like you, I think. To be known by those around me as dependable. For others to think of me as a worthwhile friend. You most of all."
“You recall what I said about your effect on my self-control,” Cas gasps, a warning.
"What's that, buddy?" Dean says, leaning toward the bathroom.
After the roof is fixed, Dean finds other things to do to keep his hands busy as the summer weeks pass. While Cas waters and prunes and weeds and harvests, Dean redoes the tuckpointing on the chimney, trims the trees back from the power lines, and replaces the caulk around all the windows and doors.
"Who's Gerald? Wait - you named it?"
"Uh, come again?" Dean says, only just avoiding spitting out his coffee. "And hate to break it to you, but we've both already got warrants out for multiple felonies, so..."
and then before Dean can manage a complete thought or say a single word in reply, he's halfway across the room. He knows Sam and Jack are watching him, watching them. They know everything already, so what does it matter? He's got an audience, and he doesn't give a shit.
“Holy shiiiiiit.”
Dean laughs, sharp and surprised, and the tension breaks. Cas is joking about how long his desperate ass has been pining after him and he’s laughing, because it’s
“That was good for me,” Cas says, shifting backwards into a sinuous stretch. Child’s pose, Sam had called it once during one of his yoga phases.
Dean gets some lube on his hand and then passes the bottle over his shoulder to Cas.
“I never wanted you to go anywhere. That’s - that’s actually the biggest thing. I just fucking want you with me, man.”
The dancing goes on past midnight. Dean could sleep here, his head tucked against Cas’ neck as they slowly sway, surrounded by all their friends and found-family.
” Sam says around a mouthful of grilled meat and vegetables. Gross, but a compliment all the same.
“You’d be good at it,” Cas says decisively.
“When you -
“When God created Adam in the Garden, he made mistakes. I should know, I was there. A loose patella, a minor cardiac arrhythmia. Astigmatism and a slight propensity for inherited rheumatoid arthritis. You’re now afflicted with none of these.”
“It’s immoral, the actions of this quote-unquote gardener,” Cas continues, with the embellishment of air quotes. “It violates the sacred pact between a gardener and their crop.”
“I’d like that, very much,” Cas says, before Dean has a chance to wind himself up into a full-blown panic. “I’ve never fished before.”
His own dick is trapped tight between their bodies and still slippery with lube. The all-over feel of it is incredible, adding urgency to the blood rushing in his veins. His hands land on Dean’s ass, unable to settle when there’s this much to explore, from the cut of his hip bones to the crease where his ass meets his thighs, the way his muscles flex beneath his skin as he moves against him. Dean stutters in the roll of his hips when Cas runs his fingers against the cleft of his ass.
“Fuck that.”
“When you say
“What do you want me to say, Sammy?” he says, yawning. “The Quad Cities are awesome. We haven’t even done the riverboat cruise yet.”
"S’nothing. I'll just load up those buckets of blueberries you left by the front gate. When did you have time to pick them anyway?"
“It’s a wonderful film,” Cas says, cutting him off.
“Jack and, well...me, as well as the remaining angels. Both the few who were still alive and the uncorrupted ones Jack raised from the Empty.”
Dean grimaces. “You’re just going to have to take my word for it.”
Ok I feel morally compelled to admit that the Eastern Prairie Fringed Orchid blooms in late June, not September. I spent too long on the Michigan DNR's website.
“Alright, fine, sure, but I’m ready
“Whatever is going to happen next is not going to take place at an establishment that charges by the hour,” Cas says when Dean balks at the $100 price tag on the sign out front. Dean can’t argue with that. He throws both of their duffels over his shoulder and follows Cas inside.
“Still early.”
“You have an inordinate tolerance for pain,” Cas says.
“Mm, nope,” Dean answers, letting his heavy head loll onto Cas’ shoulder. “Got us a closer place. Just turn left, and go about a mile.”
Dean squeezes his eyes shut and takes the tiniest sip he can manage.
- stems from that.”
Dean sips his coffee. Cas adds what he's been informed is an obscene amount of sugar and cream to his own before doing the same. The baklava is delicious.
“You don’t call what you just did 'actual, real danger?’” Dean sputters. “Are you insane?”
“It’s a fact, and I think you don’t hear it enough.”
“You watching me sleep?” he croaks. Cas continues the meandering journey of his palm from the nape of Dean’s neck to his tailbone, as much for his own benefit as Dean’s. Dean lets out a long, slow breath, eyes drifting shut again.
“What the hell, Dean?” she asks when he taps on her shoulder. “Aren’t you supposed to be—” She points up at the ride.
“I appreciate that. How are your fajitas?” Cas asks.
”So it’s a ‘she,’ then?”
Dean sees purgatory then, the ache Cas carries with him at every step to know that he’s going to send Dean through that portal alone. Cas watches him as he sleeps, chin to his knees and unblinking, for hours.
One last, bright slice of pain, then silence. The next thing he is aware of is the sound of the waves and the calls of seabirds.
“Wow, a ringing endorsement,” Dean says, aiming for sarcasm and ending up in the dangerous realm of obvious relief. “Sounds like you two could have something special.”
“Sure, Portugal,” Dean says with a shrug.
Then, Dean feels the weight of his own arm around Cas’ shoulders outside a brothel in Maine, and his own gut flips to feel Cas wanting him for the first time.
“There’s things I gotta say to you,” Dean says eventually, setting his barely-touched burger down. “I just -”
The reactions back at the bunker to their engagement are about what Dean expects.
“Shit, I should’ve asked—how is she, are you guys...”
,” he says, loud enough to earn a scowl from a pair of sunburned parents at the table, just trying to eat their shitty theme park gyros with their too-many kids in peace. “Sorry.”
"It bothers you though. So it bothers me too."
“This’ll feel better laying down, promise,” Dean reassures him with a kiss to the hollow of his hip.
“That won’t be necessary. You carry the majority of your tension in the lumbar region, which radiates up to the back of your neck and down into your hamstrings.”
Dean groans.
"Yeah, just, I don't know. Surprised? I could never tell, and uh. I’m usually pretty good at noticing that kind of thing. I mean, I think I am? It’s kind of... different, sometimes, with guys. I get sort of stupid around guys. But you already knew that.”
“Uh huh,” Dean says, snagging one  of Cas’ onion rings. Fair’s fair, after all.
His boyfriend is a genius.
A technicolor kaleidoscope of ideas fans out in Dean’s mind, each sappier than the last: kissing Cas in the rain, in the Impala, after a hunt, first thing in the morning. He shakes it off, looks for something else a little less...any of that.
“Dean?”
“Shrimp don’t actually see—” Sam starts, before Eileen kicks him in the shin. “Nevermind. But maybe something else could do that, besides angels?”
“You fucking
“Are you alright?” Cas asks. “You’ve barely touched your food. I shouldn’t need to tell you that behavior is entirely out of character.”
“So I’m going to take off,” Sam says, leaning in and smiling. “Eileen is already here. We’ll meet you guys back home in a couple days, ‘k?”
“That’s the next question? Huh.”
“Did you decide on your dinner guest?” Cas says, the tips of his fingers brushing against Dean’s as he lets go of the wheel.
Dean takes another drink, and shakes his head. “No, it’s - I can’t believe I’m saying this, but it’s really good.”
Dean nods, hoping that gets the message across that there’s nothing Dean wouldn’t give him, especially here, now, in this bed.
“Every segment of my DNA, huh?” Dean murmurs into the valley of Cas’ hip, alone in their room at last.
“So, a wedding,” Cas said, turning Dean’s hand over where it’s clenched against his thigh and lacing their fingers together.
“Fuck, Cas,” he says, grinding where it’s best, where it’s perfect. He nearly brings himself off, everything climbing toward orgasm, before he reins it in at the last moment. He does it again, and again, riding the high to the top of the incline and back down until his thighs are shaking. Keeping his eyes off Cas' face is the only thing that saves him from coming before he means to, a lesson learned with practice. Cas has seen stars take shape and still looks at Dean like he’s the one who put them there whenever they're together like this. How can Dean expect his brain to cope with that, let alone his dick?
Buckets in hand, they make their way past the squeaking, rusted gate and weave through knee-high grass and around overgrown flower beds. The night is cool, the sky clear. Dean looks up for a second at the star-filled sky.
“I think asking very, very politely might help,” he says as he curls his fingers and Dean nearly screams. He’s pretty sure he will be, before Cas is done with him.
, and sometimes what emerges from the bunker’s shower room is objectively, well. A little hot.
“More, more,” Dean murmurs, and Cas could never refuse him, and has no wish to. Two fingers find their way home, Dean sighing with it when he’s fully inside.
“We should move in together.”
Where the shore meets the trees, he can see a narrow road, and he heads for it.
Dean's heart restarts.
“The subject matter is sensitive,” Cas says, mouth a thin line.
“Actually, lest you forget, you are also a co-star in a cult favorite book series," Cas corrects him. "Criminal notoriety might last for only a moment, but fan devotion to a character can last for decades. Or so I’ve heard.”
“By ‘reward,’ you mean...” Dean waggles his eyebrows and feels no shame.
There are still annoyances, of course. The designers of household appliances were sadists.
“Except for when you’re about to drive into a tornado. Or Sam is about to jump out of a poorly-inspected plane. If you could refrain from doing either again, I’d appreciate it, but I’ll still come whenever you need me,” Cas says, his hands curled around the edge of the dock and within such easy touching distance.
Dean swivels in his chair to look across the table. He’d forgotten they had company. “So yeah, Jack. To answer your question, no harm done other than the occasional sting from an evil bee.”
Cas looks more than a little skeptical.
“I’ve always wanted to know if there was anything I could do personally to preserve the fate of the honey bee. All the pollinators, really, but especially the honey bee,” Cas says, reverence in his voice.
He watches his own hand stretch out above Cas’ back like it belongs to someone else. He’s touched Cas before, hundreds of times. A hand on his shoulder, hands on his face when it’s a life-or-death situation and he can’t control himself. Hands to hold him back, pick him up, but never just for the sake of it.
,” Cas says, his voice rough, and it takes Dean a second to realize he didn’t move his mouth to form the words.
past relationship.”
Dean just sighs and rubs at his temples.
Cas leans across their licked-clean plates to show Dean a map of California on his phone, filled with color-coded icons.
Dean laughs, shaking his head. He finishes up his coffee and squeezes Cas' shoulder as he heads to the sink with his dishes. Dried egg yolk is a bitch to clean if it's left to sit.
Cas hums, considering. He traces his thumb over Dean's lower lip.
“It always smelled like bread. It was hard to stay away.”
“Uh, I mean.” Dean scratches at the back of his neck. “I’m pretty reliable with the ladies.”
“I dunno, what’s on your bucket list? Where do you go from here?”
“What if we just try summoning him?” Sam asks, and Dean sends hot oil splattering as the spoon skids across the pan.
He can feel Cas watching him, waiting to see if he’ll elaborate.
, but now that he considers it, Cas is a genius. Dean tugs him forward until Cas can brace himself on the shitty motel headboard, towering over him and back within dick-sucking distance. With a little tacit encouragement from Dean’s greedy hands on his ass, he starts to feed his cock into Dean’s mouth, careful and steady and generous, tipping Dean’s chin up to fix the angle until it’s all Dean can feel. His thumb skates over Dean’s cheekbone, fingers underneath his jaw as Dean takes it, again and again. Taking it is all he can do in this position, but from the sounds Cas is making, it must be enough.
“I said, it won’t happen again. The situation is akin to a grizzly bear wandering onto a sheep farm. Tragic for the sheep, but not the bear’s fault. Provided the creature is returned to its normal habitat, no one else will come to harm. Except for the sturgeon, I suppose.”
“I can’t give him a window here. The digging alone, plus I’m not sure the wards would let me? So. A plant.”
“I’ll call you. And Dean?” A beat of silence, as he waits for her to continue. “I’m sorry. I know—I mean. Not to put you on the spot. Everybody’s got their own timeline, and that’s fine, it’s just—”
And Dean knows that’s true, probably the truest thing there is. He nods. Cas tips toward him until their foreheads are touching, and then, at the corner of Dean’s consciousness, he feels something. Something familiar, Cas-shaped. And Dean closes his eyes and lets it in, lets Cas in.
Cas shrugs, faux nonchalance. He’s starving, but he doesn’t want to be a bother. “If you would like to.”
“Well, no, but shouldn’t you have asked first?” Dean sputters.
"What do you think?"
“Uh, that was a joke, Cas,” Dean says, nudging him with his hip.
“Yeah. Man, that second time...” Dean goes hazy just thinking about it.
Cas rolls his eyes, and it shouldn’t be possible to convey this much sarcasm with a mouth stuffed full of cock, and yet.
“‘Basic impulses,’ shit, Cas, I’m sorry. That can’t have been, uh, flattering for me.” He thinks of gas station porn mags, his own personal spank bank of hookup memories, 2:00 AM cravings for the worst burger and fries to be found on this side of I-80.
He’s about to ask the flavor of the day, when at his back, the bell above the door chimes. The waitress looks up.
“I’m slightly sentimental about my alias’ credit score.”
“Oh, sure. I’m down for anything. I mean, uh, what did you have in mind?”
“Lots of people. But that’s beside the point. You have a softness that makes the youngest of your species feel safe.”
like he's sure of the answer, like Dean's not slipping into shock right now.
“How far is the closest motel again?” he asks with a yawn.
He eyes the free space next to Cas. It’s going to be a bit of a tight fit - the bunker’s standard full-size beds weren’t really designed for double occupancy. And in the seven years he and Sam (and sometimes Cas and sometimes Jack) have lived here, he’s never shared his bed with anyone. An underground bunker thirty miles from the nearest paved road isn’t exactly the kind of place to bring someone home to.
“Privacy sounds good,” Cas says, offering the woman a warm smile. “That will work well for all the...sleeping...we’ll be doing.”
you... you know.”
“The bifanas and pastéis de nata alone are worth the trip.” Like always, something Pavlovian triggers in Dean’s idiot brain when Cas speaks another language. It’s not fair, how good he sounds. “That, and the waves in Nazaré are among the most thrilling on earth, albeit dangerous. Of course, I’d protect you."
Dean sighs. “Not what I was getting at, buddy. God. You know you matter, right? You matter to me.”
“Probably. I dunno,” Dean mumbles. “I’m really fuckin’ tired. Ask me tomorrow.”
Dean nods, swallows. He sure did, coat billowing in the breeze and everything. "Yeah, did he—"
Dean swallows and tries not to connect the dots.
“In me, in me,” Dean chants, but Cas just shushes him instead and uses both hands to push Dean’s knees closer together, making a tighter space for himself.
“I’d cook more,” Dean says easily, slowing the cart down to eye an old-fashioned waffle iron and a cast iron skillet. “I don’t know. I really like it, I guess. It’d be a bummer to die before I perfect my chili recipe.”
"It's a plant. We live
“Huh. Alright.”
, you believed in Jack’s potential to be a good kid even though he’s the goddamn son of Satan. And yeah, I know things went wrong sometimes...” Cas squints at him. “But you kept at it. And that takes guts, to think things can get better.”
“I would take you places. Sam and Jack too. Is it true you’ve never swam in the ocean? Sam mentioned that once.”
“You owe it to me. To tell me the truth, first. As much as you can.”
“And you’re sure. Absolutely sure?”
Dean brings his free hand to Cas’ face, pulling him within kissing distance. Cas closes the gap, and they kiss until Cas can sense the sun rising outside the bunker.
Cas was here, right here in the bunker, to steal his fucking keys and stop him from getting Dorothy’d out of Kansas in a twister. Of course, the guy couldn’t stop for a conversation like a normal person, no, he just—
“The tap still works, and the piping to the stove and refrigerator still looks solid. We should pick up propane in town tomorrow.”
“It’s just pens. That’s it. He said he likes nice pens, and the ones we have are shitty. Thought I’d see if there’s somewhere I can order some from online that’ll deliver to our P.O. box in town.”
“A heist,” Cas answers with a decisive nod.
“Thanks, Sammy. Enjoy West Wing. Donna and Josh get together yet?”
“I was there for much of the latter. How about the former.”
“I’ve pushed you too hard.”
Dean thinks at him. But then suddenly he’s watching himself rake leaves in Lisa Braeden’s yard, and he realizes he didn’t understand any of it, not really, until now.
"You went to the
can do the Saturday crossword.”
There’s a bus ticket waiting for him in Bar Harbor. He cups his hands at the bathroom sink in the transit station, drinking in the water. Food is going to be a little more of a challenge. Dean and Sam drive fast, but he’s not looking forward to a day or two with nothing to eat.
There’s a diner in Salina that makes a good plate of biscuits and gravy, so Dean waits in their parking lot until they open at 6:00. The waitress has to be in her 70’s, and she pats Dean’s hand after she takes his order: the biscuits, and a fruit cup. He meant what he said to Jack about taking care of himself, even if some honeydew and canned pineapple aren’t going to make much of a dent in the decades of burgers and beer he’s tossed back.
. That can’t be right.”
As he’s about to explain, as much as he can anyway, how they’re here and having this conversation, Sam nearly runs past them, skidding on the asphalt with a flourish when he spots them that wouldn’t be out of place on Looney Tunes.
Cas shifts down the bed, settling between Dean’s knees. He traces the tips of his fingers over Dean’s chest, stomach, and thighs in swirling patterns that feel purposeful, like there’s language in it. Dean snags one hand and kisses those fingers.
“I love you, Cas, I love you, I've always loved you too.”
“‘Make three true ‘we’ statements each. For instance, “We are both in this room feeling...’”
This doesn’t shock him as much as it would have a few days ago. Not now that he better understands Dean’s feelings, the emotional map of his quiet devotion. He selfishly wishes he’d heard those prayers, while he was asleep. It would have saved some confusion upon his return. Dean’s prayers have always been more decipherable than his speech. Still, this doesn’t explain...
Sam throws Dean a look that clearly says ‘anything is better than here.’ Dean sticks out a leg to try to trip him as he heads for the garage.
“If you’d asked me that at any point in the last fifteen years, you know what I’d have said.”
Dean debates how to do this. He knee-walks on the mattress over to Cas’ side, sitting back on his heels. Then it’s just - he’s supposed to just...
parabens. I’ve been meaning to talk to you about that, actually.”
He reaches out blindly across the seat, palm open in invitation. Dean takes it.
“If you say there’s no hurry I swear to
“Thank you,” Cas mutters before clicking the door shut.
“Odds are in your favor, man.”
, you already said you’d
He dials Dean, on instinct, but Sam picks up.
“Yeah, let’s try that.”
"That does sound delicious,” Cas says with a resigned huff. “I think the garden favors you. That should surprise no one - you’ve mended more than one broken thing.”
Cas nods. "Okay, the second part of the question. 'In what way' you would like to be famous."
“You’ve been asleep for approximately 87 minutes. You were showing me a memory that took place at some point in 2016,” Cas says, aloud this time. “Two men you met during a case. Hunters. A couple.”
“Shit, you saw him?” Papers rustle in the background, chair legs squeak.
“Oh.”
Dean stops the dirty roll of his hips and takes in the mess he’s made of Cas. High spots of color on his cheeks, mouth open, chest rising and falling quickly—the mirror image of everything Dean’s feeling too.
“There’s nothing ordinary about a good man,” Cas says plainly. “But take away the lineage of vessels, Azazel’s machinations, Chuck’s grand story -”
Cas nods.
Eventually, he pushes gently at Cas’ chest and steers him toward the bed, slapping a lightswitch on the way so he can see where he’s going. Cas sits down on cue when the backs of his knees hit the mattress, and Dean goes a little brain-dead at having Cas at eye-level with his crotch. Cas looks up at him, throat bobbing with a hard swallow.
Dean listens to him move quietly around the room and the sound of his duffel’s zipper opening and closing before Cas settles next to him again.
“What’re you doing?” he asks, a hand on the back of Dean’s chair.
Cas looks over at him, brow furrowed. “Yes? Is that a question? I can understand all tongues ever spoken on Earth, although unfortunately, this vessel isn’t capable of responding in kind.”
Dean turns to look at him, and Cas’ eyes dart away—historically a harbinger of some of their worst shared moments. “You saying you don’t have a choice either way?”
It feels like maybe, this thing with Cas is something Dean gets to keep.
At the U-Haul counter, Cas uses one of his IDs to check out the truck. The Steve one, from his Gas n’ Sip days. His Steve persona hasn’t officially been wanted by the F.B.I. or legally dead more than once yet, putting him a few notches ahead of Dean on the ability-to-rent-a-vehicle front. They add on some tie-downs, furniture pads, and a dolly for good measure. Cas puts his foot down at the boxes.
“I don’t know,” Cas says with a shrug. “It probably depends on how long you’ve wanted to kiss me.”
Cas looks up from an old map of western Texas he found stuffed in the back of the glove box that he’d been studying like a piece of ancient lore.
, or whatever. Just, I’ll get the kinks out.” Shouldn’t have said kinks. What is he even doing. Better keep talking. “Okay, so what else?” he asks. “What other - what’d you call it - sociological rituals do you want to do?”
Dean nods.
"Yes," Dean hears himself say. Well, okay then.
"Didn't say anything. Set me down and then
“So we landed on Gaea, then?”
“Is this what he wanted though?”
Just in time, he sidesteps some dog shit someone left in the middle of the trail (
“Uh, what?” Dean blinks his eyes open, peering at the alarm clock on the nightstand for confirmation.
“Ready?” Dean asks.
“You look like you could use something to eat,” she says, and hands him a plastic-wrapped sandwich before he can react.
“Finally, your totally unmerited belief in the possibility of change. I think that was the most fundamental thing. Take myself, for instance. The angel you met in that barn...Dean, I threatened to
Cas smiles. “You’re enjoying the cashew dip?”
“Cut that shit out, man,” Dean says sharply, full of familiar, semi-belligerent affection. “You gotta tell me when you need something.”
They eventually untangle themselves, and Cas looks around for the car.
“Yours, Cas.” He laces their fingers together where Cas’ palm is heavy against his chest, kisses his knuckles. It’s sappy and he doesn’t care, he just hopes it gets the point across. “You gotta know that.”
Cas huffs, fidgets with a button on his coat.
“Man, I gotta - let me get you something of mine out of the trunk. We’ll find a gas station and you can swap out. You look like a butch Ariel who just got her legs from the sea witch."
“Thank you. That means a great deal. So, love and affection, and their role in your life.”
“I’m utilizing a two week schedule for the application of organic neem oil to aid in the prevention of both arthropod infestation and mildew growth, truly a boon in this humid weather we’ve been having, and -” Cas stops, tipping his head to the side and eyeing Dean. “Are you listening?”
“Hm, a tempting bargain. I accept.”
“So you’re feeling better, then? You seemed a little overwhelmed earlier.”
He’s fucked Cas through three or four orgasms at this point. Whenever he thinks he can’t take it anymore, he gets a shivering line of grace up his spine, and he’s back.
“It is, though. Dean, will you marry me?”
Jody calls as Dean is flipping pancakes at the stove. It’s a breakfast-for-dinner kind of day. He answers, taps the speaker button, and leaves the phone on the counter while he works. Claire must’ve given her the head's up, and he insists to himself that that’s fine. He didn’t tell her not to, after all. If anyone was going to be accepting or whatever, it’s Jody. What he’s got going on can’t stay a secret for much longer, if it was ever a secret at all.
Cas looks at him, longer than Dean would usually let him with only the thin excuse of being a couple drinks deep on an empty stomach. He raises his hand in a poor facsimile of how Dean summoned the bartender before, awkward and halting. He asks for glasses of water along with their next round.
Dean nods. God, Ishim - what an asshole.
"Thank god. Let me show you how to change the furnace filter then."
“You’re very distracting, just like algebra. Has anyone ever told you that?”
“I know that I...that I haven’t been that person for you.”
“That’s just it. I would not ask you to relive them. Any of them.”
, Cas, come on.”
“Sure, he’ll kill Hitler and shoot the devil in the face, but even after everything, telling you he -”
“Fiiiine,” Dean says, inelegantly scooting beneath the blankets, where he can immediately feel Cas’ body heat. Fantastic. Not a problem, not in the least.
“The truth. Yeah. Okay,” Dean says. "Easy peasy."
Dean is getting out of the shower one morning a few days later when he realizes he’s let his hair get too long—almost Sam-level long, which is unacceptable. He considers buzzing it off himself, but what the hell, the barber shop in town probably needs the business. After a shave and some breakfast, he throws a wave at Sam and Eileen on his way to the garage, ignoring the stack of books on the war room table between them. Sam's been praying to Jack and they’ve been hitting the lore non-stop since St. Louis. All it's led to is a big pile of nothing. Jack must've meant it when he said he'd be hands-off.
“Oh my god,” Dean says, low and a little breathless. “I can’t believe I get to marry you.”
“Let’s start with bread then. In the morning, or, you know. The real morning, not four a.m.”
“Where did this come from?” Cas asks, turning the key over in his palm.
“Something funny?” Cas asks, and with the way Dean is hard beneath him as reassurance, he doesn’t think he’s made any tactical missteps (yet). Dean had especially seemed to enjoy when he’d tugged his head to the side by his hair in order to get at his neck.
“When you say ‘back...’” Claire says, not missing a beat. Like she isn’t surprised at all, and isn’t that something.
He’s about to let Sam hear it, about to unleash all the fury and bitterness that’s been taking root in his head since the night everything went to shit. But then he realizes something—Sam
"Mm, or maybe that could, uh, wait?" Dean says into his ear, fingers slipping underneath the bottom hem of Cas' threadbare t-shirt.
"So. What weapons do you think we'll be needing for our mission tonight?" Dean asks, teasing. Cas waits a beat longer to answer than Dean is totally comfortable with.
Cas knows for a fact that Dean doesn’t understand. He hasn’t seen the rings of Saturn with his own innumerable eyes, heard mankind’s halting first attempts at music made with bone flutes and their own unsteady voices, or communed with the Host in an unbodied, timeless Heaven. However, all told, it pales in comparison to the joy in sitting here beside his friend on a pockmarked stretch of highway in middle America. He lets the matter lie.
“I’ve never cooked before. I could be a savant. You don’t know.” How hard can it be? He’s heard it’s all about fat, salt, acid, heat. Simple chemistry. He can learn. Especially when the incentives are the satisfied and profane sounds Dean makes when he eats.
“An improvement, by all measures. You are an excellent baker, Dean.”
Dean pulls him down again, making it clear without words that he doesn’t want in vain.
Dean nods, more nodding than might be considered customary. “We can stop in Indianapolis. That sound ok? Are you hungry, tired?”
Dean lets out a slow breath.
“You’re gentle,” Cas says from inches away in the quiet near-dark. Dean hasn’t had enough alcohol for this. Enough alcohol might not even exist.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’ll tell me - you’ll tell me if -” Cas says, sounding uncertain for the first time tonight.
“Or not,” Dean says, smiling at him, and Cas has wanted to see that particular smile for years. He’s seen it aimed at waitresses and bartenders and the occasional hunter but never at him. Not when he was looking, anyway. “It’s just nerves, that’s all I’m saying. But we can stop. If that’s what you want.”
"Hey, what's the list of questions called?" Dean asks after a beat. "I can read off the next one."
“With who? Which big players are even left upstairs?”
Cas sighs, leaning forward in his chair. “I jogged my typical circuit this morning, which as you’re aware, takes me past the garden, and I noticed something odd. It appears that it is in need of another nocturnal harvest already.”
That’s easy.
“And the mountains. Have you ever seen a sunrise in the mountains, Dean?”
“We need to get to the garden, now,” Cas says reaching down to tug Dean out of his chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam nods, serious, and they eat in silence for a bit, staring into their phones. Dean tries not to think about how much he hates oatmeal, but kicking ass at Fruit Ninja can only distract from so much.
“You need any help?” Dean asks, leaning heavily against the car.
“Dean.” Cas reaches across the table to lay a hand over his wrist, gentle.
. Really ours.”
Dean throws an arm over his face, laughing and about to come and
“The pleasure of the act wasn’t overstated,” Cas says like an absolute maniac, like ‘pleasure of the act’ is something one guy can say to his friend in a motel room without it meaning something. Maybe it means something. “I’d like to return the favor.”
“For fuck’s sake,” Dean says, coming to a too-quick stop at a red light. He pets at the steering wheel in apology to Baby.
No pleasantries, then. “Alright, okay. Yeah. I guess I’m not sure. I just sort of thought...it sounds stupid now.” Selfish, arrogant, narcissistic—what, he thought Cas’ world revolved around him?
From there, it’s a simple enough thing to slick up his fingers and reach behind himself. He’d taken care of most of the work before they’d started, so going from two to three happens easily enough. He rides his hand slowly while he looks over his handiwork, at the steady rise of Cas’ chest, at the blissed-out expression on his face. It’d be effortless to come like this. He
“It’s not easy to let yourself be cared for,” Cas says. “Especially when you are so proficient at caring for others.”
“Not picket fence shit and all that - we did just haul a lake monster over a hundred miles in a rental truck.”
“Oh. Do I still love you, you mean?” Cas clarifies, seriously. Dean nods. “Of course I do, but I wasn’t going to bring it up. I assumed the topic would make you uncomfortable.”
“Oh, definitely not,” Cas says, still smiling. “But perhaps, as I am well-versed in your competency at impersonating various trained and licensed professionals...”
“Dean, what the hell happened? One second you were—”
“I could say the same to you. I’m just tidying up a bit. It’s somewhat better now,” he answers, bridging the distance between them and stopping a respectable four feet away. It had taken time to learn what the right amount of space is, between friends.
“W-what? Why?” Cas’ thumb circling gentle, too gentle, around his hole, and he wants it, wants anything. He pushes back, seeking it out, and Cas retreats too. “Fuck. This some kind of test?”
Cas pulls himself to his feet, ambling over until he’s pressing his face between Dean’s shoulder blades, arms around his waist.
Cas slides home again, again, and again until Dean fully appreciates the fact that they don’t have neighbors. Cas’ hands on his hips, hauling him back, pushing him forward, fucking him. Dean gets a hand under himself, wraps it around his dick and comes, loud and thrashing, Cas chasing after him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Are you alright?"
“I don’t live far - just on my way home, actually. So. Take the sandwich.” She smiles, and Cas adds another item to his list of the day’s minor miracles.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says, and his voice sounds much the same as the last time Cas heard it, choked and disbelieving. “You okay, man?”
“You know -
Dean smiles down at their joined hands, just a quirk to one side of his mouth. Cas shifts closer, testing a theory, until their legs are pressed together, skin to skin. Dean lets out a long breath, visibly relaxing. Hypothesis appears correct - further study needed. Cas hooks his ankle over Dean’s, and the relaxation deepens.
“You know, with the...with all the talking, and the sleeping thing, and the...you know,” Dean says, bumping Cas’ foot with his under the table and leaving it there, ankle to ankle.
“Moving on, then. Are you hungry? We’re thirty miles out from St. Louis.”
Cas mouths at the base of his dick, drags his tongue over his balls and lower until Dean is arching off the couch. It goes against every bit of sexual etiquette he’s ever learned when he gets his hands under himself so he can grind against Cas’ mouth on his hole, but whatever. Cas is making contented little sounds against his skin as his tongue works over his rim, so it’s probably okay.
Cas’ eyes widen. “I wouldn’t have raised you from perdition and left an allergy to bees intact.”
“Come on. You rebelled against fucking
“I’m sitting right here, and I can watch myself,” Jack says, offended. “I was actually thinking about enrolling in a few classes at the community college, not that anyone asked what
It occurs to Dean as he parks the car in the Lamberton Lake Fen Nature Preserve that they might be on a date. An accidental one, but a date all the same. Admittedly, he hasn’t been on too many, but this still counts as one of the better ones. That’s sad, even for him.
“I wasn’t going to,” Dean hears himself saying. He busies himself with slurping a spoonful of rich broth as Cas studies him.
