A hand on his shoulder startles him out of his trace, head snapping up, vision instantly swimming with blue.
well. A slight smirk with a raised brow, that
And when he meets his gaze, all he can see is that confused little boy looking back, that terrified fifteen-year-old kid, the twenty-year-old who was just caught and nearly killed by his own Da-
The tension was killing him, Dean
Dean shoves everything away, even the butte-
He can’t bear to think about it,
Then it hits him
With a shaky breath he steps further into the kitchen.
They were finally done after midnight.
With a huff he fixed his eyes back on Cas. And something twisted low in Dean’s stomach when Cas sighed, clearly
So Dean looks down and throws him an exaggerated wink, zipping his lips for good measure, which sends him into another fit of giggles.
What is Cas, but a
“-wow Jack great job stopping their little domestic display” Sam laughed as he emerged from the kitchen.
He listens to the sounds of the night, so he doesn’t have to listen to the click of the zippo and the roar of the flames.
“Dean, you’re
"Well, what about that lad-"
than ever.
"No wait" Dean half-shouts, mouth moving without permission.
Cas has become, even with his grace intact. With his messy hair, his rumpled blue “dad” sweater, and jeans, his mismatched socks, the soft smile on his face that crinkles around his eyes. And it hits him how far
remember you once saying that the land of the living doesn't begin until at least after
Then, a clear thought rang out in his head.
His mind was flashing with snippets of Cas humming Lullabye as he rocked Jack back to sleep, or hearing the distant notes of Piano Man drift through the walls of Cas’ room.
"Nope none of that, just bring yourselves! You just moved in, we've got everything covered, just com-"Jason began only to be cut off by a ringtone.
And an hour later Dean's in the kitchen, cooking pancakes on the little griddle they bought yesterday, as if
Jack’s sniffling stops as Cas looks back at Dean with a soft smile.
sense when Dean was on the verge of a freakout, it was probably the angel mojo, but that didn't mean Cas always
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s mind races. He did do the best he could, but he could have done
“You and me both pal” Dean manages to respond with a strained laugh.
"Yeah, Da!" Jack shouts, and hey at least the kid is on his side.
"So if you need us, you tell one of the other grown-ups, and we'll come right over. And remember the rules kiddo? No mojo,
Dean was strapping Jack into his car seat, rings weighing his pocket down, like a boulder.
been a pair of dumbasses, for years it would seem. But that’s okay, because we can have it
weird, because usually, he wakes up freezing. The bunker is great, but the heating system is old as shit and h-
they're working a case.
"The night it happened, we were actually all supposed to go out to dinner. The four of us and the kids, it's a monthy tradition. But when we walked across the street to meet them, Carol answered. We should have known something was off bu-"
thing), causing all three of them to think they were hunting three different monsters. But it’s alright because now the girls are coming for dinner later, (at Cas’ invitation and Dean’s
Dean stalls. The feeling rushes over him, wrapping around his throat, climbing higher and higher. He holds back a sob threatening to leave his lips and he-
“Everyone’s here, are you ready to go?” Cas asks suddenly appearing in the doorway with a soft smile as Dean meets his eye in the mirror. His hair is a mess like always, but he’s decked out in a rainbow-striped shirt and socks, and he’s even got a little flag painted on his cheek, and his smile grows even wider as his eyes pan down to Dean’s waist.
But today, it’s filled with
"I spotted you and your
When he glanced up again, Cas was staring at him with a look Dean had never seen on him before. It made his heart skip a beat in his chest.
. He is
any of it.
Dean pointedly kept his eyes trained on the floor, mind racing.
So Dean quickly snapped his attention forward and turned the key a bit too hard.
say to follow his lead.
Then his brain finally snaps back into action, sending his stomach flipping, that swirling thing looping right along with it.
that you- that you’d ever, return that feeling an-” Cas stops with a sob.
“-always do, like I’m doing right
WARNINGS:
But it’s
, but he just can’t, he’s not ready.
Without a second glance back at the pack n' play, Dean stumbled into the kitchen. That’s where Sam would find him on the floor in the morning surrounded by empty bottles. Holding a screaming child in his arms, he leveled him with a look that made Dean’s heart-
He’s standing with a child wailing against his chest, a child whose life depends on Dean’s ability to know what to do. And Cas is looking at him, terrified, waiting on Dean for instruction.
Or the years he spent practically living in the Impala with her ever rumbling engine, listening to the legos rattling in the vents, or kept awake by Sam’s endless snores.
"Oh” Cas gasps, pausing Dean’s spiral.
on Jack in his arms, to even
And at that, Jack races from the room, with a shriek of laughter. Dean and Cas share a laugh watching him go.
Cas’ eyes roam over Jack’s small frame, watching as his tiny fist tug at a pale yellow blanket.
The love of his life, his son, his brother
He watches as Cas’ face goes through twelve different emotions, until landing on one Dean can’t decipher.
He refuses to let his gaze wander upwards, eyes glued to the road, hands gripping the wheel tightly. He hears the soft breathing from the backseat, and he grips the wheel tighter, pressing the gas a little harder.
. He got out, away from the endless nightmares.
"We were just out on a run, and figured you'd want to meet some friendly faces first. Ya know, before you run into the
Cas just rolls his eyes fondly and goes back to his food. And Dean definitely doesn't stare at him, especially not since he realizes Cas is wearing one of
that slithers it’s way up his throat.
" Cas smiles, meeting his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
to go on the hunt. And he didn't seem
Dean smiled at the sight, crossing the room to see the kid for the first time in days.
Then it hits him.
Guilt like Dean has never felt before quickly overtook him, as he sprinted down the steps into the war room, heart pounding. They followed the sound in the dark.
helping.
It’s a role Dean is filling incredibly, Cas never had any doubts with the way he had cared for Sam-
. He was
Sam mumbles something quietly, ripping Dean from his thoughts. He takes Dean’s silence as a cue to repeat himself, informing him they’re about twenty minutes out. Something drops deep in the pit of Dean’s stomach.
of your social groups" Bill snarks and Dean opens his mouth to retort but is silenced by a sharp tug from Cas.
Something drops low in the pit of Dean’s stomach.
Dean didn’t really think he deserved that luxury, didn’t deserve Cas’ forg-
Dean's
Cas stalls, clearly surprised, and hell Dean can concur with that.
Something drops low in the pit of Dean's stomach and he puts both plates down, Cas isn't even awake enough to eat yet anyway so it's fine, and quickly starts wiping off the griddle with a wet paper towel instead.
Dean almost stalls, but quickly forces his feet to keep moving as his stomach twists.
And it's just a stupid
Then they’re both moving. Cas placing Jack on the changing table, while Dean grabs some lighter PJs from the dresser.
And Dean's lungs clearly must not be getting enough air to his brain, because he
Dean needs some water, or better yet, some coffee. He’s
friendship he’s ever had, all because he can’t just store his crap.
He glances down at himself, breath catching in his throat, and practically sprints into the bathroom.
, I don’t know what I was thinking, it was a reckless move. I could have waited, we could have come up with something el-” Cas began softly.
Sam’s phone buzzes softly. Jack coos from the backseat. Dean’s eyes dart to the clock.
inside.
Because for the first time in his life, Dean is going to let himself
“I-I’ve been listening to all of the records and tapes we found at the thrift stor-but so far he’s my favorite”
“Of course,
Now Dean was alone, leaning on the kitchen island. Cas had disappeared upstairs a while ago, so he only can assume he went to bed.
He turns towards Cas again, watching him fondly gazing at the now empty doorway.
like the rest of these rich asshats, especially since their clothes weren't full of designer logos.
, until Dean realized he had grabbed the comforter set while they were loading up the truck. It was a deep blue with a light, swirly floral pattern. The all
He lets go of the railing as if he’s been burned and steps back, allowing the familiar feeling to rise up his throat and consume him.
And now he’s
His breathing quickens as anxiety washes over him, and he once again does nothing to stop it.
actually done this before, he's just doing what he thinks he should do. Cas must be anxious as fuck. And Dean's general
because it's not like Dean's gonna tell him,
And yeah, maybe Dean spent a little longer under an ice-cold shower, since the freezing cold room clearly
funny, then
Dean stops.
God this kids really gonna be the death of them, turning them into complete idiots only 8 months in.
weight against his chest the causes him to break out in a cold sweat.
Dean feels something drop deep in the pit of his stomach, ice runs through his veins. The feeling grows and swirls inside him craw-
And Dean’s never felt this way in his life, about anyone or anything and he’s, scared, but god it’s the
his new best friend and hopefully one day sister-in-law. His
to be with Dean, for as long as he’ll have him. For forever, mayb-but
gonna need his four hours if he's gonna make it through the trials of meeting the neighbors and pretending to be marri-
"Alright! Why don't you and your Dad go get dressed, and then we can go to the
, that whole moment. That's
Cas nods in understanding, carefully taking it from Dean's fingers, and slowly slips it onto his left hand.
to even
After everything he’s been through. After saving the world, and Cas’s confession, and the wedding, and the house in the suburbs. He let himself have Cas, but he can’t let himself have this thing and-
Cold washes over him. A sensation Cas normally wouldn’t experience, but everything is different when it comes to Dean, emotions are often uncontrollable, more powerful, as it’s
And now, standing inside the foyer of some four bedroom, two bathroom, back deck, white marble kitchen, bi-level that looks exactly like every other house on the street, Dean fully he
neighborhood. Amanda is the head of neighborhood watch,
you can’t- that you
“You pulled that stupid move Cas, we’re talking about it. It was completely reckless, what the hell where y-”
“Dean”? Cas calls desperately, ripping him from his thoughts.
is back, swirling around in his stomach again.
He freezes. Reality setting in.
That was a normal occurrence now too. Cas had finally shed his ratty trench coat and boxy suit. And while Dean secretly misses his old getup, he certainly doesn’t have
Cas sighs dropping his hand, turning to look at Dean fully. Dean's heart starts up, as Cas levels him with an intense, unreadable stare.
“Cmon, let’s go before Sam starts bitchin’ about how late we are” Dean laughs, trying not to think too much about how big of a deal what he just said was. And he
As he makes his way to the kitchen, he notices Cas is following.
"Cas it's cool, we can both-it's a
He looks into Cas’ eyes, seeing the small sliver of hope behind them, and takes a shuttering breath.
Cas’ mind is numb, thoughts bouncing around his skull. He can’t get his mouth to cooperate so he worldlessly flips to the second page.
His eyes snap up to see Cas looking at him with uncertainty, worrying his lip between his teeth.
house?
He needs Cas to know that this is what Dean wants, he needs him to understand that it’s
What the
make those moments feel like a lifetime ago.
And Dean just stares for a moment, then manages to flit his eyes over to Jack and Sam who are babbling about god knows what. Then Dean pulls his gaze back to Cas, who's looking at him with expectant wide eyes.
And he’s never seen a more perfect sight.
, right? It didn't
The microwave beeps, ripping him from his thoughts.
fair that you're gonna have to be
"Sounds like a good idea as any, us pushing Jack on the swings, will put on a good show for whatever's out there. Plus, I bet these stay-at-home parents love will
Cas just shook his head, clearly amused by all of this. So Dean pointedly rolled his eyes, going to wash the blood off his hands in the sink.
With red-rimmed eyes, he sat at the map table staring at the pack n’ play across the room. He heard soft breathing, and forced his eyes to look anywhere else. They landed on a bottle.
. This isn’t about the hunt, this is about
short circuits. He can hear his heart pounding in his ears and he clenches his fists so his hands stop shaking.
is happening.
Because nothing
And of course, it isn’t easy. There’s screaming matches, sleepless nights, petty fights, and more baggage between them than you would find in an airport.
And Dean
to believe that those things you said about me are true, that I’m worthy of love and deserve to want and all that. Because I
forgot you were there” Dean says with mock surprise.
Which is the
“Cas, I-I think I know what you’re trying to say bu-but I
And besides, it looks like whatever's doing this, is only taking victims with young children, not a single one is over the age of five. So it's probably
sarcastic retort, his gaze traveled to the overhead lights, watching them flicker.
"And Bill's such a homophobic bastard, thinks he's so subtle. God, what I'd
"I'm gonna uh...
Thank you for reading!!!
And with that, Cas’ hands make their way to his neck, as he pulls him into another kiss.
They had gone to Goodwill, and let Cas pick out whatever he wanted. They ended up leaving with the basics, a leather jacket of course, and somewhat predictably, a crapton of sweaters. But regardless of the clothes he now
Come yell with me on tumblr
"Park? Yay!" Jack cheers from his little booster seat.
He thinks about what tape he’ll choose for the ride, so he doesn’t have to think about the body he’s softly laying on the pyre.
in his stomach, bubbling upwards, trying t-nope.
to own. It’s a piece of fabric Dean wants to hold. So why the hell can’t he just le-
"I agree completely...." Cas trails off, as he drags Dean further into the backyard.
But Dean and Cas answer every question she throws at them with no hiccups, both of them easily repeating back their made up story as if it was really their own (
like to group up" Bill laughs with an equally blinding, white smile.
"You're right" Cas sighs, looking as if his answer deflated him.
“Dean, I’m sorry.
And he'd far
Because well, what
right?” Cas asks, uncertainty clear in his voice.
As he pulls back, he meets Dean’s eyes again, leveling him with a look that Dean knows all
?" Cas supplies calmly, resting a hand over his shoulder. The heat radiating through Dean's jacket is doing nothing to put him at ease.
“-I’m sorry, I-I have no idea what I was thinking. It was
Great now Cas is blaming himself for the entire thing, another thing Dean’s fucked up.
, they're gonna have to get in extra good with them, because they might have seen something the night of the murders. And Dean doesn't even have to glance at Cas to know he's thinking the same.
And he's far
Tears threaten to spill from his eyes and h-
And then, that
With a heavy sigh, Dean sits on the corner of the bed running his hands through his hair.
Then suddenly, he's climbing the stairs, and finds himself standing in the bedroom doorway before he even realizes it.
This was a regular occurrence now. Finding Cas in random rooms of the bunker, during all hours of the night.
off his tongue.
“-And I know this ruins everything especially since I
“Hey we aren’t done with thi-”
He takes a shuttering breath, and physically swallows the emotions threatening to spill over, forcing them back down into the deep pit of his stomach. His vision refocuses, meeting his own eyes in the reflection. The cries grow louder.
Dean claps a hand on his shoulder, pulling him from his thoughts.
They were just having a conversation
Dean’s thoughts are buzzing around his skull, he can’t fully process what Cas’ words.
Thank you for reading!!!
a phenomenal hunter. He is, but let's face it he isn't the
I think that’s our cue bud. So you guys finish your fight, then Dean can fix the lights of course, and
What was he thinking? How is he going to do this? They haven't even
His eyes are purposely looking down as he plays with his fingers nervously.
His hold only tightens around Jack, as he glances down hurriedly at Cas. But to his surprise Cas
And it isn't until he's standing in the parking lot, November wind blowing his hair, that he realized that they're alone.
Cas' knee brushed up against his, and it was as if lightning shot through his veins, and Dean did
And in that moment, Dean doesn’t know what comes over him. Maybe it’s the way Cas looked at him, maybe it’s the lingering adrenaline from Jack’s fever scare, or maybe it’s his complete lack of sleep.
" Dean said ramping up the excitement for Jack's sake.
Then it hits him.
-but I’m so-”
Sam and Eileen at the map table, laughing as she tells a story about her most recent hunt. She ran into Claire and Kaia due to a
(He’s still getting the hang of the whole
He rubs a hand down his face, pausing when he spots the fabric in the mirror. Dean slowly looks down at his hands to see it clutched in a white-knuckled grip.
? After all of the insane things you’ve done over the ye-” Cas starts bitterly, not slowing his pace.
“What, now you’re using our bad decisions to justify acting like a dumbass? What good did all that shit do u-”
And when Cas squeezes his hand back, a warmth washes over him.
And just like that, Cas was back to a bundle of nerves.
Thank you for reading!!!
of pretty much everyone he knows.
"Shoot! I'm so sorry for the language,
But, upon seeing his kid safe, Dean’s mind clicked back into action.
in his power not to jump. He also made the mistake of glancing at Sam, who gave him that smile yet again.
” Dean finished, voice shaking.
And besides, there’s a more pressing matter Dean needs to attend to first.
God how completely
Dean starts flipping the pancakes onto a plate, trying to shove the thoughts from his mind, to no avail of course. Which is dumb because it was
, we both looked a wreck okay? So much of a wreck that we apparently felt so sorry for each other, that we unknowingly bought one another a drink"
Dean couldn't help crack a smile at Cas' little joke. The squirming feeling had disappeared, leaving Dean feeling much calmer about the whole thing as he relaxed in his chair.
And it knocks the wind out of Dean’s lungs.
, Cas was talking about the act. These people don't know they're pretending.
to forget.
"God aren't you two just the cutest, sappiest couple in the entire world! Oh my god, you're like a romcom. The perfect couple" Molly practically shouts earning a laugh from everyone and nods of agreement.
Wails of pain from a scraped knee, the clang of legos as they are angrily shoved off the map table and sent scattering across the floor, the distant sound of a temper tantrum in the living room.
"Wow! So that gorgeous Impala really is your's after all?" Molly asks in awe.
proud of you” Cas whispers into the kiss, and Dean can feel the smile stretching across his lips, pulling him closer.
doesn’t want Cas to leave, he thinks
now. And Dean
in his absence? And maybe his real father could forgive Dean, and he would understand an-
Cas could have understood. Maybe he did know the significance of a mixtap-maybe he
, frees himself from Cas' grasp, and stands shivering from the loss of warmth. He stares down at the bed, watching the sunlight stream over Cas' sleeping form, hair an absolute wreck, arms stretched out in front of him.
. Then we would
that took place inside. But they still had to get a cheap kiddie bed, and a new comforter for Jack, he picked out a bed that looked like a rocketship and Toy Story comforter, that they'd probably end up bringing back to the bunker anyway.
"-but enough about work, how did you two meet?" Dean catches Molly asking, and thank god he chose that moment to pull it together.
he thought to himself.
come.
you want us to have lunch with them?" Dean rages, pointedly ignoring the way Cas' hand that isn't holding a sleeping Jack, squeezes his own. And of course, the fact that they're
"Oh! Jack's probably itching to play with the rest of the kids. There's a whole section set up on the far side of a yard, keeping them
about the way Cas seems to be slightly leaning into him, as they walk hand and hand back to the house.
when it comes to Jack" Cas said turning back to Dean with an amused smile.
A cold feeling washes over him.
“Yeah that’s the job Cas, but you just don’t go sacrificing yourself for gods sake” Dean yelled matching his volume as the lights flashed undetected.
His voice breaks, as his vision begins to blur. He feels something swimming in his stomach, trying to crawl its way up his throat, threatening to break fr-
Dean's eyes fly open as memories from yesterday come flooding back to him. Dean slowly tries to get up, only to realize he can't.
, and it doesn't matter that it fee-nope not even gonna go there.
But Cas didn't pull away either, did he-
. Well, it could be worse, at least it can’t be a ghost, now way one is getting in here anyway.
Without a word, they quickly climbed into the Impala. As Dean went to turn the key, his eyes traveled to the rearview mirror.
Must be the "murder room" that was mysteriously
…..Like I gave you”?
Dean peers down at the tiny face, and watches as Jack’s eyes wander, curiously taking in his new surroundings. He grips the car seat tightly, feeling the plastic dig into his palms, grounding him for a moment.
A swift kick to the shin got his brain moving.
he can think about is Cas' arms wrapped tightly around his waist.
And with a final glance to assure Jack was okay, Dean quickly surveys the crowd, easily spotting Cas' leather. He begins to make his way over, but suddenly the memories from five minutes ago come rushing back leaving him frozen.
“Cas, I-I’m not the best at this kinda stuff, but I’m gonna try okay? Because you
I haven't written in years, but the idea of baby Jack pulled me in, and now I can't stop! I've also never posted any of my writings on ao3 before so this is a little scary, but I hope you enjoy it!
“So do not
to Cas, while he lays in a bed
“Dean I was perfectly safe, yes it caught me momentarily off guard, yes I could have waited, but we running out of time. It was the only option and I-”
Things were already...
around his waist. Which is only there to keep up the
, and he
“Going to find my child who I haven’t seen in three days” Cas replies dripping with sarcasm.
. I know how you
Cas is actually
'" Cas rumbled softly, amusement clear in his voice. It surprised a laugh out of Dean.
But Dean can’t bring himself to care, because all of his focus is on the man in front of him. The man he’s loved in silence for years. The man who loves him
“….is that?”
He slumps back down in his seat. How could Dean be so
(See the end of the chapter for
avoiding Cas since that morning. They still hang out during the day, take care of Jack together, talk during the odd hours of the night, and they even have movie nights on Thursdays.
And now Dean and Cas talked about things, for real.
, I can’t say that I have! He
aware.
His smile widens as the gravity of the situation sets in.
between him and Cas lately, and now his dumbass had to go and make it worse. Because
look away, those blue eyes
about us" Cas speaks, softly, as he rests a hand on Dean's shoulder. Dean suddenly realizes they're standing almost nose to nose.
Nope, Dean definitely
And it must have worked because Cas is practically glowing. There’s tear tracks on his cheeks, but his eyes are bright and shining with pure joy, a gummy smile on his lips.
So Dean tunes most of it, following along, answering at the right moments, and praying this endless tour will
Dean’s eyes desperately travel to the mirror, and his heart pounds at the sight in the reflection.
With a sniff, Dean forced himself to pull back, but Cas kept his hands on Dean’s shoulder’s holding him up just in case.
Yes I know it's weird that they're having parties on weeknights in November, I swear I'll explain more in the next chapter!
After a few minutes, Dean’s eyes slowly begin to trail down the wall, to the wheel, then to the dashboard, finally landing on the mirror. His eyes meet a black car seat, looking small and out of place on the giant leather bench.
The phone rings.
Which takes Dean entirely by surprise.
So Dean's grateful for small miracles, but sadly small miracles can only last for so
Because Cas is
And besides, the shopping trip wasn't bad, actually it wasn't that different from when they usually went to the grocery store or Goodwill with Jack, but the
that some “alone time would do them good”. So he promised to take care of Jack, and practically shoved them out the door.
makes an appearance. The
he said it, he just didn't know why he let himself say them
Now that they're alone, walking down the cold, dark sidewalk, Dean can hold it in anymore.
doesn't want to unpack it.
“And I’m sorry if I haven’t been clear this past month, but I love you Dean. I
to hear it. Because you deserve
Because for the first time in his life, Dean Winchester is going to let himself
And just like that Dean was ripped back to reality.
” Dean laughs, voice breaking slightly.
Dean sighs when it does nothing to quiet the kid’s screams.
"Alright! You guys ready to go?" Sam called as he walked back through the door, causing both of them to jump.
and love within your heart. Which only makes you even more
And Dean's been feeling well,
, that makes you who you are. Because you are not some perfect machine in need of repairs,
Not for everything of course, Dean’s just being logical. But maybe he can forgive him for this.
So Dean always just assumed he experienced emotions, but like,
Nope, that’s it. They’re talking,
Dean just kissed
Dean suddenly found it difficult to breathe, mind racing as his anger buzzed through him.
The backup generators kicked on as he reached the the pack n play, Cas beating him with his angel “night vision. ”
Dean felt his breath stall in his lungs,
. Understand?" Cas stated simply but seriously.
(See the end of the chapter for
Yes he bought the books, he did the research, he helped her prepare for it all, but he never actually
Cas hums in agreement while he takes in the street, and Jack excitedly points out each dog as they pass, well at least
But now, the bunker is
"No, it's okay. You've got a
"Can you say hi baby?" Cas said bouncing Jack a little
not sleeping after the heart attack he just had.
Dean quickly tried to regain a sense of his surroundings, going numb when he realized he heard cry-
the label too.
He betrayed him, lied to him, and then Cas
He doesn’t move.
Cas, pretending to chase Jack, who’s giggling like a
He feels something twist within him.
God he was pathetic.
Dean’s smile softens, and Cas thinks he sees tears forming in his eyes, but it’s probably a trick of the light.
Cas finally finds his voice
A clang echoes through the halls as the phone slips, hitting the floor.
“Fuck me,” Dean moans, letting his legs open, easy. There might have been a time he was ashamed of doing that, but not with Cas. Not ever with Cas, who still touches him like a precious thing. Not something delicate, Cas knows better than that, but something, someone, with a lot of value.
“Hello, Dean,” he says. It’s simple. It’s the whole damn world.
to know.
Castiel knows Jimmy occasionally bit the fingernail on his left thumb, and only that fingernail. Nervous habits were frequent in humans. Castiel found himself preoccupied with his vessel’s hands so often, and the uneven, gnawed edge of that nail had bothered him at first. It fit humanity, though. They weren’t made to be so physically perfect. Merely viewing them wouldn’t burn your eyes from your sockets with the horrible beauty of angels.
in his kissing, and goddamn if Dean’s not really into that. When Dean worked with Bobby, he got a stupidly satisfying swoop in his stomach when he poked around a potential issue in a project until he found the right solution. Cas treats kissing him until his knees buckle the same way.
“Like he
They figured out what to do with Castiel early on. In one of her bags, Mary had some chains that could hold down an angel, even at full power. “I stole them,” she told Sam and Dean, grimacing even as she did. Neither of them bothered to ask where she stole them from, because they knew.
“Dean.” Cas leans in close again. They’re always so close; Dean knows how warm Cas’ body is, despite the fact that the most he’s touched is his shoulder. “I’m sure if I met you, at any point, I would remember you. You’re not easily forgettable. Not to me.”
On the morning of the third day, there’s a knock on their door.
“Had enough of camping for a while,” Sam says, and even in the dark Dean can see how much he’s glaring. Okay. Point taken.
Dean bolts out the door not long after that. He knows it’s pointless, but he has to try. Nothing’s out there, only a bunch of rich snobs idly petting Persians or rolling Carracostas down the street. The soft lights ringing the street blink on and off again, peaceful.
Cas’ returning laugh is short, more of a smack than a laugh. “Why me?”
In a somber moment, Anna raises her glass, catches the eyes of her siblings, and says, “To Gabriel.” It reminds Dean that he might not ever quite belong here, after all.
Dean works like Sam’s rarely seen him. One ghoul grabs Dean from behind, but Dean slams his head back; the ghoul releases its grip and goes staggering. Dean grabs it by the shoulder in return, and cleaves its fucking head in half. He chops at it again for good measure. Sam shoves his arm against his nose to cover the stench.
“Him. I know.”
Not that he was too good at doing that for Sam, either. Watch out that no one kicked his ass in a fight, sure, even when Sam had a full-grown Espeon and insisted on getting involved at the gym. Actually talk to him about his problems? Nah. Then he was gone, off to Carver, and it was too late.
Cas’ face colors at the peaks of his cheekbones. Damn good look.
, Dean thinks, outright giddy for the first time in months.
he’s totally heard, in detail, about him getting it on with Castiel. At least he didn’t get it in his dreams like Chuck, but Dean offers him a sympathetic grimace.
was when he got his first Pokemon. Dean had no regrets when it came to Vaporeon except wishing he’d been a better trainer to her at times, and he knew Sam felt the same way about his Espeon, but they’d been way too young. Once he rose to fame, Lucas also didn’t battle all that much – he’d retired from battling when he became a senator, and he only ever had the Hydreigon, not the full team most serious trainers had – but he was vicious, and left more than opponent absolutely sobbing on the other end of the arena, their Pokemon a scorching heap that needed immediate medical care.
“They don’t work alone, not usually,” Tamara says, jaw set hard and still looking out into the distance. “We were waiting for you three to come back so we could get the hell out of here.”
Anna walks out the door, brisk and purposeful. She covers the ground from Naomi’s desk to the door quickly enough that Dean wonders if she’s borrowing her Latias powers for a boost.
. With how narrow the bed is, it makes him so
right now either. Dean’s the guy who drove as fucking far away as he could from that hospital because he didn’t know how to deal with it.
“Dean?” he asks, standing by Dean’s bedroom door. He’s learned by now not to barge in, though he can’t imagine what kind of debauchery Dean would even be up to with the mood he’s in lately.
“Dean!” She wraps him up in a frankly enormous hug when she catches sight of him, like she doesn’t have a million other people demanding her attention. “You did show up. Never lovelier. Yellow is
that he had to give up Heaven, because he’s just got the — the — gigantic beauty of your soul, or something.” He’s still laughing as he says it, but there’s a serious undercurrent to his words. “Guess angels find cheeseburgers and whiskey real pretty.”
pain, is a shock.
Dude looks ridiculous. He also looks seriously
, of all, uh, people, would understand it now and be able to explain the intricacies of it to him, “We weren’t romantically involved. I don’t know if we were any good at hiding that fact.”
And he never regretted choosing Vaporeon. Not for a second.
“You can do what you want,” Dean gasps out as he knees his way between Cas’ legs, voice hoarse enough to be almost unrecognizable. “Or not do anything, I can —” Just Cas’ spread-out body is more than enough, the focus in his eyes and tension in his arms, as Dean works his own palm around his cock and pulling a few times. He knew he was close, but it’s still a shock just how tight his balls draw up, how he has to bite his cheek not to lose it right away.
“Tape’s gone.” Dean never found the original. Too many times, his mind’s offered up the image of the tape tucked away neatly in Cas’ inside pocket, then splintering to bits on the business end of an angel blade. “But I got the music here.”
“Winchesters are kind of a special, weird, case. But we’re working on that.”
“Maybe some time you can come along.”
Cas pushes his pasta around his plate with a fork for a few seconds after. Dean’s wondering if they really are going to drop the whole thing, until he speaks up. “I worked as a trainer at Naomi Malach’s gym –”
The nerves seem to leech out of Max at that. “Good. Uh, glad we’re cool. Then you’re welcome to join us in Chicago any time. I heard what you and Alicia were talking about, and – maybe you need to get away for a while too.”
So he tries something else. “Uh – Amara?” He could swear the light by his bedside flickers, but maybe it was his imagination. Maybe it was the dark space between blinks. “You brought me back my – you really did bring me what I needed. Thank you for that.”
“Yeah,
when he shifts his hips hard, so he must have done something correctly. He gets a tight thrill from following the orders he didn’t know he had, which seems like a remnant of the time before his Fall, but it’s more likely something he would have been scolded for in Heaven.
There’s a big terrarium set up along one of the walls, between two windows. It’s somehow both way overgrown and meticulously upkept, where the plants toward the bottom are meticulously trimmed and there are no brown spots to be seen, it’s all verdant green, but fingers of vines creep up the grass sides. A tiny tin watering can perches on the nearby windowsill, and Dean can’t help but smile at the idea of Cas meticulously caring for a bunch of plants, gently sprinkling water over the terrarium.
Dean still wants to hug the shit out of him. So he does, before he can even really register the utter shock in Sam’s eyes. “Sammy?” he asks. Like anyone else could be that tall with that ridiculous hairdo.
He checks his phone nearly every minute after that, until Charlie’s giving him weird looks, but there’s no response from Sam. That one hurts even more than the rest. When he was acting pathetic and
“What happened to my brother and sister,” Uriel says. It’s not much of a question. Cas and him have that in common, that odd way of asking questions without sounding inquisitive. Dean refuses to think
“Bitch,” Dean responds, automatically, smiling as he does it.
Anna, at least, isn’t caught up in some weird staring contest. “These are just lists of dates,” she snaps, plucking papers out of the folder.
Castiel glowers from his position on the ground, chest lifted halfway up off the floor but his legs firmly stuck there. He may be chained to the floor, his wings held down thoroughly, but there’s a gauzy, heady wave of power surrounding him now. Dean tries to stay steady, but his head swims with it.
, he’s pulled up against the very broad shoulder of his gigantic little brother and practically suffocated by the guy’s hug.
“Don’t need it. You okay, Cas?”
“So why’d you call me?” Anna snaps.
,” they tell him. “Of course you didn’t.”
Cas, though. Cas.
Purgatory starts going blurry, and Dean keeps walking because he has to. Cas’ hand feels hot and real, like it could burn a new scar into his skin.
Dean wishes he had something smart to volley right back to Cas, but all he can do is pant against his cheek and breathe into his mouth. He slides his hand backwards, grabbing the Impala’s seat too hard. Distantly, he hopes he doesn’t fuck up the leather. “Cas, I – fuck – you wanna talk amazing, let’s talk about you and that
Most marriages weren’t like theirs, Daphne told him later, her eyes wide. Usually, people who were married could take care of situations like this for each other. There was a great deal of affection and caring in their marriage, even love, but she knew he didn’t want her like that – and Emmanuel had wondered what she meant in those two words, until he met Dean – and she couldn’t take advantage of him.
Dean still really loves him.
“If it will protect me,” he says, eventually, “then yes.” The tiny part of him that’s still angelic, somehow, craves the word. Castiel relishes the shape of
getting a freaky intense stare whenever Cas is around. “Why would I lie about that?”
Dean wants to say
“I don’t know, I’ve found good things there occasionally.” Cas’ tone is as even as ever, but Dean peeks over at him and he’s got that little smile on his face.
Dean grabs Cas’ hand and places it on his belly, palm down, and then laces his own on top, holding them together against his gut. “We’re here,” Dean breathes, in a voice so raspy he can’t believe it’s coming from him.
Fixing things has a price.
, a voice says. Dean hears a swish that could be a coat, and then his eyes snap open.
Cas has changed clothes again. Now he’s wearing a plain gray t-shirt, the kind Dean buys on Wal-Mart runs in an eight-pack, and plaid pajama pants. The sight of someone like Cas, a creature Dean can barely comprehend, an otherworldly thing of light and shattering screams and war, brought low to an underground bunker to wear his old PJs all frayed at the bottom – it sort of breaks Dean’s heart.
“I know enough.” What Mary went through the past year, maybe no one can understand. But Jody lost her husband, her kid. Worse: she lost her kid, got him back, then lost him again. Every day Mary’s alive, John’s absence feels like a phantom limb, but the idea of losing Sam or Dean was enough to make her jam a gun against her temple and ready her finger at the trigger. “But you probably know more about me. When we met – that’s a big part of why I’m here. And I’m sorry for that. It’s – not to say it’s right. It isn’t. But every hunter knows everything about everyone, seems like.”
. “I did miss my favorite lovely caretaker.” The smile absolutely does
Staraptor smashes her
In the fridge, there are eggs and bacon, with a note that reads
But the corners of his lips perk up a little bit, before he wraps those lips around the first of the breakfast sandwiches and starts devouring them at a frightening speed that Dean is actually pretty used to at this point.
Cas keeps his gaze right on Dean’s. “I never knew,” he says, “until I found the right place.”
Dean doesn’t answer. The fuckin’ irony of Cas asking him for a talk, after everything. He does grunt, though, and he figures Cas will take it as a yes.
“More than enough.”
Somehow, it’s not all that surprising when Chuck shows up at the camp. The place feels like an episode of
happen.
Neither Sam or Dean knows how to react to that one; it’s probably still a thorny issue. When they’re heading away from Michael, though, they both end up nodding at each other in some sort of acknowledgement.
Then, sometimes, Purgatory escalates. It starts like fire across an oil spill, the stench of it unmistakable, before it twists itself into human guts strewn over the ground. At its worse, it’s what he saw inside himself in Hell. And yet it settles into him, like all these sensations have washed over him and settled deep in his skin from a time he can’t remember. Sometimes, Dean’s sure Purgatory knows him, that it’s chewed him up before.
It should probably hurt, fucking Cas against the hollows of his hips. He’s got pretty goddamn (bad word choice, maybe) exquisite hipbones, but they push out from his skin so prominently they’re almost actually sharp. But it doesn’t hurt, it’s hot and downright glorious. Cas’ cock catches his thigh, his balls, brushing up against his hole a few times, and Dean sucks a kiss from his mouth to distract himself. He can’t come, not yet (and thank God for the cock ring).
, Dean wants to scream, but he doesn’t want to let Cas go, sever him quick from his life like what happened to too many others before him.
Tracy graduated – she invited Dean and Cas to her graduation, which still felt majorly weird, but they clapped loud and hard for her anyway – and she’s working there now, too. Claire volunteers so many hours that Jody kept trying to tell her to get some damn sleep and
This Snorlax has needle teeth and a too-alert face. Dean really doesn’t like the red, squiggly veins he can see in those eyes of his. This is no natural Snorlax. But he doesn’t have much time to think about it, because he it
who his mom was. Your powers wouldn’t matter either.”
Charlie hasn’t even touched her black and white cookie, which is how Dean knows it’s serious. “Have you talked to him?” At this point, Dean’s talked to Charlie about damn near everything. They’ve talked about
“Don’t attack the Cubone!” Dean howls out, even if his voice is already worn down. “Don’t –” But most of the people with him have rushed off to the heat of battle, leaving him behind. Dean recognizes what he has to do, nods to himself, and scoops up three of the baby Cubone in his arms. “Staraptor, try and hold ‘em off!” He’s sure she will. If anyone could give her owner a good fight in terms of tenaciousness, it was Staraptor.
of course)
that Dean's had for years and refuses to talk about, but he definitely
But now he’s singing
Dean watches sign after sign pass as they fly down an abandoned road, his eyes rising to the mirror every few seconds.
He braves another glance at Cas who’s frozen in fear at the table, so Dean continues before he loses his nerve. Hands flying, pointedly facing away from Cas.
"Well, we're definitely going to have to talk to
It’s just a piece of fabric. It’s just a word. And it’s a word Dean
"I know they were dicks, but I noticed them circling us for at least ten minutes, and they only rushed over as soon as we started asking about the murders. Isn't that
So he easily melts into Cas’ touch letting the love and warmth wash over him, soaking in every bit of Cas he can get.
Dean is no stranger to failure. He failed his father, his mother, every person who couldn’t save. And he’s failed Sam so many times he’s lost count, and he mentally adds tonight to the ever-increasing tally. Sam’s taking care of a spirit in Colorado and Dean’s supposed to be taking care of Jack
He stands, illuminated by a soft blue glow looking as though he nev-
during their phone call with Sam, to care about how Cas' is sitting across from him, cheeks still tinged pink from the wind.
“Fuck the lights, if Sam thought Jack bursting them up was
, you went in with some half cocked plan and the thing jumped you an-”
hard not to think about, and hurries into the bathroom to change.
Because yeah Cas keeps taking the lead, but he's
"So, I saw a park on our way in yesterday. I thought we should take Jack today, it's much bigger than the park in Lebanon. And it would allow us to talk to some of the parents, to see if any of them were friends with Carol and Mike Stanton, or any of the other vics?" Cas suggested placing his fork on his plate.
Yes, he’s a badass, who’s millions of years old, and could kill someone with the tap of his finger, Dean’s
"They practically run the
He knows he isn’t worthy of him, that Cas deserves so much better. That he would just be a
didn't want to think about right now, before turning down the hall with a skip in his step.
Because they're in a white marble kitchen, with the sunlight shining through the windows, eating pancakes that Dean cooked, with a child sitting in between them.
seen on him before. A look that says, “
“We’ve been in far more dire situations. We’ve all made dangerous choices, fleeting decisions in order to save people” Cas continued, voice rising as he inched closer.
(See the end of the chapter for
in here with these
the food" Molly grumbles, as Jason gently rests his arm around her waist.
"Uh yeah sure. Let's do th-let's start with how we met" Dean managed, now that his throat had gone dry again.
Something warm settles in his chest.
Their first night in the suburbs! Will Dean even get any sleep, or he just overthink everything until the sun rises?
, right in front of him.
and it's sending his thoughts running. But thankfully, Tom and Stephen start telling the story of how they met, so Dean can thankfully push those thoughts aside. For now.
", or some crap like that. Meaning, Jody, Donna, and Claire were all set to take the case, but they called twenty minutes ago saying they got caught up on a hunt in Montana. So now they were all shifting through their contacts, trying to find hunters with kids, since whatever it was only seemed to target
Dean gasps and quickly tries to cover it up with a cough.
A sob forces its way past Dean’s lips, and Cas makes a similar sound. Tears freely fall down his cheeks, but he can’t bring himself to care because, for the first time in months, he feels
Dean swallows nervously, fiddling with his fingers. He pointedly avoids Cas’ gaze
like Dean and Cas were moving in. But, in their defense when have any of them ever moved into an
" Dean whisper shouts, slamming his hands against the wheel. He digs his palms into his eyes, until he starts seeing spots.
Eventually, he braves a glance back at Cas who was playing with his sweater again. Dean took this opportunity to fully take him in-since Cas was dressed so
"Yeah, now we've gotta spend the night schmoozing rich douc-
ook that might be on his face. What if he'd rather go with
worst" Molly groans in apology
An emotion Dean’s never felt before washes over him. It fills up his stomach and makes his heartache, in a way that nothing ever has.
it. All of it, the past nine months bearing down all at once.
"Oh Amanda and Bill, looks like you found the new neighbors" Molly calls slightly strained as she and Jason practically run back over.
Yeah, he
"Okay September 2008, we can use that-but let's turn the
But in his defense, the kid has got him out of his scared out of his mind.
. Back to
hear him right,
I also do not have a child, so everything Jack does/says is based on my prior knowledge and older home videos I've seen of myself/my younger brother at that age! Jack is also half-angel which gives some leeway in the speed of his development!
He reread the little note that was taped to the back of the cassette, looking over the tracklist, for the hundredth time.
"Ground rules?" Dean blurts out before he realizes. His mouth seems to be doing that a
"We can also definitely try to narrow down who the next vic could be, in case whatever it is we're hunting, decides it's tired of targeting this house." Cas tacks on
But after all of that, he’s
So Cas parts his lips, most likely to ask Dean if something’s wrong
feeling, a feeling Dean was
Which is why he’s kinda been avoiding him ever sin-
It wasn’t fair to him.
they haven’t spoken about at all. Cas never asked, and Dean-well Dean didn’t exactly bring it up.
Beside him, Cas wordlessly slides out of the passenger seat, slamming the door as he goes.
"November 2nd, 2017"
out by the way Dean cut in? Was he actually
The grief mixes with sorrow and Cas welcomes the feeling. He allows it to claw its way up his throat.
And that damn thing was hovering over you with the blad-and they had it in your-I thought I was too
"We're sorry, we didn't mean to pry. We were just curious sin-"Cas begins to apologize
And without thinking, Dean moves.
They both start at the same time, effectively cutting each other off.
complaints about Cas’ new fashion choices.
And that was the final hit. Dean was sent spiraling, losing any control he had regained.
Beside him Cas hums in agreement with a soft chuckle, and they both head out of Jack’s room.
since they arrive at the park, and immediately steer Jack towards the smaller, toddler equipment.
"Is Jack all settled?" Cas asks, the slight worry on his face. And so without thinking, Dean takes his hand giving it a gentle squeeze.
one to talk. More often than not, a hunt comes down to making a risky choice. More often than not, it’s about putting yourself in harms wa-” Cas was closing in now, blue eyes pinning Dean in place.
Great, now he's made
"Yeah babe, kiddo is having the time of his life over there," Dean says with a sweet smile, pet name rolling off his tongue like nothing as he meets his eyes. Cas only responds with a smug smirk that says
, too many different
There’s a cry. Dean spins on his heel, slamming the door as he goes. He quickly gets to work on prepping a bottle while shakily humming what is supposed to be Smoke On the Water. It’s Jack’s favorite.
"Oh sorry, where are our manners! I'm Jason Davidson, and this is my wife Molly. It's great to meet you, and this little guy too" Jason said as they shook their hands, giving a little wave to Jack.
He finds himself struggling to hear the soft hum of the heating system, or the dull buzz of the lights.
No, he cannot allow himself to think that way.
But the more they walk, the more Dean realizes that there are a
Part of him still thinks he’s just overthinking it. That Cas just gave it to him as a nice gesture and the songs had no deeper meaning behind them.
A rush of cold washes over him as he feels the failure intertwine with the ever-present sense of grief. Dean’s mind wanders back to that first night.
He's in a
And yeah Dean's
Dean’s eyes trail back up to the mirror, he stares at the tiny plastic seat.
Seriously thank you for the tape. I can’t wait to listen to it” Dean said cutting off Cas’ anxious rambling.
in the dining room.
Dean walks through the grass and thinks about the drive home, so he doesn’t have to think about the dead weight in his arms.
"Fuck" Dean whispers to himself in the empty room.
Come find me and baby jack truth with me on tumblr
-References/discussion of past alcoholism
"Of course it's fine Cas. It's a big bed, I'm not uncomfortable I swear. Just lay your ass down-and actually get
Cas hesitates for a moment like he
a risk Dean's willing to take after the mini heart attack he just suffered. So, awkward silence it was until Cas decides to speak up.
The drive is silent. Sam peers intently out the window, only looking down to fiddle with his phone.
Spotting the broken bulb did nothing to diminish the fire burning inside him, in fact, it only fueled it. So he quickly took off after Cas’ retreating form.
Dean's eyes instantly snap up, as he tries to keep his expressions in check, but he can feel the heat creeping over his cheeks. Cas only gives him a nervous look, which makes Dean's chest tighten at the sight.
"Wow two jokes in a row, when's your standup tour start?" Dean teases.
, since Dean had barely left the house since Jack, and he hadn’t been a hunt since that giant ass vamp nest.
Dean shouts as soon as he spots him in the hall, and Cas doesn’t even acknowledge that he heard.
. And Dean quickly realized that he couldn’t just push off this off as some drunken mistake, because that’s the moment when he first
This is it. Dean is going to ask him to leave,
other hu-
Cas finally stopped walking. They somehow ended up by the stairs.
And Dean should be freaking out, and believe him he
Time to party, meet some new faces, and gather info for the case! But can Dean juggle all of that, plus the pressures of pretending to be married with a child? Not to mention those not-so-new feelings, threatening to rise to the surface.
Dean slowly pushes the journal forward, worry swimming behind his eyes.
So he stands, keeping the baby,
Jack shifts in his sleep again, letting out a little whine. Dean’s eyes snap to the mirror. His heart clenches in his chest.
am. I’m probably just overthinking this whole thing and making myself look like an idiot. I’m probably just making a big deal out of nothing,
“Oh you’re an angel?
-Brief homophobia
actually, acting like a dumba-”
"Jack will have
?" Cas questions.
He tore his gaze away for a moment, meeting achingly familiar green eyes in the rearview mirror. A smile tugged at his lips.
, but it wasn’t like it was out of the ordinary-” Dean paused taking a shaky breath.
lately.
and it's
to keep Jack alive tonight, how is he supposed to handle the rest of his life? How is he supposed to protect Jack when he couldn’t even protec-
And Dean knows all of that, but he still just
"Because he's just some rich, homophobic asshole, who believes he's better than everyone. But he's not, because he isn't even worth your energy or thought. He doesn't know
"Cas, listen I'm sorry it was a stupid idea-I don't even know
washes over Dean. He feels a little
"Ready to go?" Cas asks with a smile as he bounces an excited Jack on his hip. And Dean swallows, managing a nod.
Dean stood, arms across his chest, as anger rolled off him in waves. While he waited for Cas’
They stop at the map table. Dean sits and gestures for Cas to do the same.
Angels didn’t need to sleep, so Cas would wander the halls, between Jack’s bottles.
He deserves what’s coming, but he can’t bear to see the look of disappointment on Dean’s face,
Dean’s anxieties which threatened to drown him moments ago, subside. Dean knows they’ll soon resurface, but he can’t be bothered to worry about that now.
. But I just got off a forty-minute phonecall with Amanda, where she-"
you, and I
Dean shuts that thought while he’s ahead. Because he learned a long time ago not to let his father dictate his life choices, he learned how to stop letting his ghost prevent him from doing what he wants. He’s already worked through and made peace with that trauma, well as much as you
feeling dancing in his stomach, and he also can't help the dopey grin that spreads across his lips.
They spent the night in some shit motel, at about the halfway point between Kansas and Massachusetts. They got dinner at some crappy diner like always, spent a majority of the evening carefully trying to explain to Jack what was happening without confusing him too much, and Dean spent even more time
Dean shushes him, gently wiping some of Cas’ tears away with his thumb.
The realization that none of this is real, and that it's just some made up backstory comes crashing down. The panic falls back down along with it.
here, with the little life they’ve created. This is where Cas
Dean finally manages to regain control of his mouth, and his breathing.
Another laugh rips through him as grabs his hand, tugging Cas down the hall.
And something drops deep in the pit of Dean’s stomach, as that familiar feeling of fear continues to creep over him, consuming his thoughts.
His stomach drops, ice rushing through his veins.
“Dean, the things we do, rarely go according to plan. And we both know it wouldn’t have worked, we were running out of time an-”
There’s another cry from his arms. Shaking his head, he makes his way to the kitchen, softly expressing his apologies to Jack. Unsure whether he’s attempting to reassure Jack or himself, but that’s something he’d rather not contemplate.
, he knew. But actually doing it, is a
Taking a deep breath, he regains some control of his breathing.
An angst fest, I swear there's some fluff on the way!!!
"Hey, you better keep that stormtrooper away from the rebel bases" Dean deadpans as he wheels it back across the motel table. Jack just giggles in response and rolls the toy towards Sam. Dean found himself easily laughing along, as they all pass the toy back and forth.
Dean's chest squeezed as he gripped the bar of the shopping cart, attempting to ground himself because suddenly the aisle was too much. Too
to know.
Dean watched them disappear down the hall, as the flames died, taking the fight in him, with them. He slumped in on himself, finally giving in to his exhaustion. All that remained was fear, which quickly let consume him.
And he'd probably wake up in pain, he's not exactly twenty-five anymore, plus he-
theme? And I just never thou-”
” Cas finished softly as tears rolled down his cheeks.
And if tears start to form in Cas’ eyes, he’ll just blame it on the trick of the light
Jack wailing against his chest.
to be with you as long as you’ll have me. So if what you sai-what you
So he's gonna fix it.
be fixed. He’s just
be. He knows that.
As always thank you so much for reading!!!
"And it turned out we were both walking
But this time. Nobody was around. They were completely alone,
wants to leave.
force it back down and burry it deep within his stomach. He
like this is where Dean’s meant to be.
. This wasn’t just another trick of the Empty.
is all his mind can supply.
Because Cas just
"Thank De" Jack whispers, which makes Dean grin uncontrollably as turns back to the griddle.
distracted whenever he gets a good look at Cas in Dean’s too tight t-shirt, and a pair of jeans, but that’s only because he’s just not used to Cas looking so normal
went toward fixing his hair. And definitely
about, hours ago. He thankfully conked out quickly, exhausted from all of the excitement of the day.
Is Dean actually going to say they can-
. Like it was
Photos. Photos cover the pages, with the dates neatly scrawled underneath each. All of
Because what the
He was so swept up in the grandeur of being back, of being alive, he hadn’t had a moment to think yet.
And now, Cas stands silently in the kitchen doorway, watching Dean bounce the tiny body in his arms, as he begins to prep a bottle with one hand.
this whole conversation ever happened, so he wouldn't have to think about
nobody wh-”
He starts the song over, struggling to hit each note. It makes no difference, he screams on.
. With a
he knows what he’s trying to say.
Dean jumps back about ten feet and he sees Cas do the same. They avoid each other's gaze and Dean tries to busy himself by glancing around the parking lot. Cas recovers first, and disappears inside to grab Jack.
"What do you mean" Cas questions slowly, with his signature head tilt the almost sends Dean spiraling again.
get what we want, and I think after everything,
So he quickly grabs his new brown coat, Sam told him to get some nicer clothes so they could
Dean feels that strange emotion swell again, as a fresh set of tears cloud his vision.
After a brief staring contest with himself in the mirror, where he tried to regain control of his lungs, Dean finds himself slowly pulling back the covers of the bed.
hungry.
at his own actions. But then Lee was pulling him back in, deepening the kiss as he struggled to get Dean’s flannel unbuttoned. And just as Dean was starting to realize that Lee wasn’t going to angrily shove him away and that maybe this was
"Well,
He was late, he forgot the bottle, he couldn’t comfort Jack. He couldn’t handle
"It's not becau-"
Heart hammering in his chest, he squeezes his eyes shut for a second, trying to halt the panic currently clawing up his throat. He puffs out a breath.
if it doesn’t make Dean’s heart race a little every single time.
. There is more than enough equipment his size, and looks like there's plenty of kids around his age. And we both agreed it would be good for him to play with more children his own age,
to shove a-" Emma rants, only to be cut off by a gentle shove from her wife.
want to unpack.
The exhaustion washes over Dean, instantly weighing down his limbs. His eyes subconsciously trail down to the couch.
"Well I'm a mechanic, still looking for a good space in the area to set up shop, but
Dean feels the name rise up his throat, the name that’s been trapped behind his lips, screaming to be released, for what feels like a lifeti-
His blue eyes flicked down to the table, as he worried his lip between his teeth.
From pain, anger, and destruction, came this beautiful child. Wide eyed and curious.
Because
But the only problem was, there wasn't really anything to
. That his
Dean is finally ready to discuss, but he pushes them from his mind, because now is not the time. And now, they’ve
"It's okay, if we go once and make them hate us, maybe they'll
Cas has missed so much. He missed the first three months of Jack’s life. Three months where Dean carried out his job an-
Okay, it’s not exactly like he was given a lot of warning on how involved he would be, especially with everything that had happened before wi-
shut up. I'll call Sam to drive the truck over" Cas quips as he reappears in the room with Jack pressed against his shoulder.
Eventually, after what feels like hours, Cas slumps forward folding his hands on the table as he stares over at Jack. Dean follows his gaze, watching Jack knock over his lopsided block tower with an excited shriek. A small smile tugs at his lips.
They both pull back a bit, drinking in one another, and green meets blue. He feels Cas’ hand rest in its place on Dean’s shoulder.
"Hey guys! It's already four you better get going" Sam shouts flinging open the motel door.
Cas' squeezes his hand tightly, and that electricity from yesterday shoots through Dean again. He glances over at Cas, who gives him a smile, and finds himself unable to turn away.
, you didn't look half the mess that I did" Cas teases dramatically. Cas then gave him a look, leveling Dean with an arched eyebrow, causing laughter to bubble around them.
And yeah, is he currently shoveling McDonald's fries in his mouth so he doesn't have to talk? It's possible, but hey he
Apparently not, because they're all out here, and they can all
didn’t come through the kitchen” Dean responds playing along.
He doesn’t deserve to deal with Dean and all of his shit, he shouldn’t have to. He and Jack both do. They deserve to have a home, and someone they can rely on, someone who can keep their crap together when it counts. Not someone who will fall apart and sob on their friggin shoulder.
Dean did that, yeah that makes sense.
“I mean I just figured you’d want to take Jack, and go live in a normal house somewhere? White picket fence, prestigious preschool, PTA? And of course I understand, but I jus-”
at the moment.
doesn't make his stomach flip.
Dean stares out at the dark stretch of pavement. Hands gripping the wheel tightly, as his gaze wanders upwards, eyes finding the car seat in the rearview mirror. He hears the soft breathing from the backseat, and he grips the wheel tighter, pressing the gas a little harder.
The sound of tiny feet pattering on the concrete, plastic wheels squeaking on the wooden floors, the clang of legos on the map table, and the distant sounds of Toy Story playing on the tv in the Dean Cav-
And now at age 42, he’s happily married with a handful of kids that are his in every way that matters, living in the suburbs with a big kitchen and a deck out back, and it
, but he-
Dean had always associated the bunker with silence. The soft hum of the ancient heating system, and the dull buzzing of the lights.
And that’s why Dean hasn’t been able to let himself
Sometimes, Dean forgets what Cas really is. Of course he knows that he’s an angel, but like-he’s
kiss of Dean’s life.
“I don’t know why I didn’t do it sooner. I could have just taken away his fever with my grace, but I guess fear got the better of me”.
Come yell with me on tumblr
Cas gave him one in return.
"Cas we have this argument like
, Dean tucks away that info for later because maybe that's how they got their house on the market and sold so quickly.
"And Cas, Amherst that's impressive! What course do you teach?"
In the pause, Dean thought he might have heard a distant sound, but Cas let out a bitter laugh, recapturing his attention.
"Hi! I'm Jack I'm gonna be two" Jack said giving his award-winning smile and earning a laugh from Molly and Jason.
! We don't have any plates so I'm gonn-with Jack, uh go get those. Just pick out whatever you want, meet us" Dean choked out as he whisked Jack away into any other aisle, leaving Cas to stare after them.
wants it.
His mind subconsciously flashes back to the early hours of the morning. He can hear Jack’s wails, he feels the failure wash over him again threatening to consu-
noted on any reports they went through.
“Oh…..well I’m glad you enjoyed it” Cas chokes out.
Dean can barely admit it to himself most of the time, but he’s aware that
"Cas look, I freaked out okay. It
"Morning Squish, remember
He listens to Jack babble to Bun, and starts plating the rest of the pancakes.
"Sam, we don't even know what we're up against it co-"
-to bring Jack along I mean. But Sam's right he's barely gotten out of the bunk-we've all barely gotten out of here, so I think it'll be good for
“I really am
, Dean laughs to himself, rolling his eyes fondly.
Dean’s heart pounds in his chest, while he tries to look anywhere but Cas’ eyes. It’s too much, he doesn’t des-
"It's actually called '
Cas hasn't done anything remotely like this before, and Dean's just been
“Dean that’s what we
There’s a scream.
He watches as Cas slowly rocks Jack in his arms, humming under his breath.
pretends not to notice.
"So I think they might be the thing we're hunting. I
of Cas' arm around his waist and shoulder resting against his own, radiates through his jacket. Dean can smell the worn leather mixing with Cas' cologne as he tries to focus back in on the conversation-
He knows that Cas
“Well looks like we can write about the kid’s first fever in the baby book now, and about how it turned us into a couple of morons” Dean whispers in an attempt at a joke.
He stares back at the wall. The cries begin to grow.
Dean could barely believe the suggestion to take the hunt came out of his mouth, let alone bringing the
Right,
He focuses on the baby stirring and huffing as he wakes, so he doesn’t have to think about how carefully he wrapped the body downstairs.
A watery laugh rips past Dean’s throat.
That’s how it was now.
It wasn’t the diaper, he definitely isn’t hungry.
And with that, they have Jack's full attention. He may not even be two, but he's
Thank you for reading!!!
"I'm so sorry you got trapped by them. God, they're the
in the
fault. It was his idea for them to go on this damn hunt in the first place.
“Ye-yeah, I uh, liked it” Dean lamely tacks on, mentally cursing himself
, up and down the halls. His little feet slapping against the floors, as Cas yells behind him (in his signature
to himself th-
They were
, so Dean might as well start
old shirts.
doesn't know about Dean's-
The tape would just have to wait,
Dean tries to get his brain to recall how Jack’s normal body temperature feels, but he’s drawing a complete blank.
care at all.
So yeah, maybe Dean wasn't
So Dean tries to reason with himself.
"Bill, a pleasure to meet you! Nice to see you've already found
have to think about it ag-
as he follows Linda into the dining room. Cas shoots a smile over his shoulder, with an eye roll.
just pulled?
He doesn't have to look over to know Cas is smiling. So he knocks him with his shoulder, and then
, since they're the head of neighborhood watch" Dean groans ignoring the flush rising to his cheeks.
met September 19th, 2008 in a barn in-"
But it was
Suddenly, warmth slips into his hand, followed by a tight squeeze.
, why can’t he just ta-
It was a far cry from the dingy motels with their paper-thin walls and strings of seedy customers.
"De!" Jack shouts as he comes barreling into the kitchen, and into the back of Dean's legs. Which rips Dean faster from his thoughts than anything else could, and if Dean knew God gave a shit, he would thank him for that.
"Uh yeah sorry of it's too tight, it's mine from years ago. I used to wear a few of them all the time, but they hurt like a bitch when you gotta deck someone" Dean rambles, face burning.
. And he still does, every day. There's no one else in the
. He knows that’s
believe
. At least they can rule out witch, ghost, or demon, for now anyway.
Pulling his hands away from his face, he slowly turns to look across the bed, heart leaping into his throat when he catches sight of it. And he finds himself frozen, unable to look a way, let alone reach out for it.
"No Cas, you're right. I mean we're gonna have to fool the whole neighborhood into thinking we're married right? So I-so we should, do that" Dean trails off with an unsteady voice.
happy.
What if he's
His eye catches the clock. 5:04 a.m.
this year, and Dean’s heart clenches at the thought. Of course, being half-angel he’s developmentally “
still wearing so he doesn't lose it, by the way. And sadly, Jack's usual chatter also didn't do much to stop Dean's eyes from constantly wandering to the rin-
what he wants, but he’s never worn it so plainly on his face before.
His eyes dart to the clock on the wall. 4:56 am. That can’t be right, Jack has only been having the one bottle at 2:30 am, now. He has been for weeks. And even, then he’s never-
” Cas repeats behind him, voice trembling.
Because it feels like
As always come yell with me on tumblr
"What, did they think we'd
Something drops deep within him. He ignores it, taking another hesitant step.
Jack deserved better. And he
angry at him, he
And Cas said it with so much sincerity, that the air was ripped from Dean’s lungs.
"You can't
So Dean tries to shove it from his mind, but failing to get rid of the warmth still radiating through his body and the tingling on his cheek. But hey, he isn't perfect.
He tries to regain control of his ragged breathing as he glances back to the pack n play folded up in the corner of the room.
Dean’s stomach flips and suddenly his mouth is moving before he can stop it.
He restlessly paces around the foyer instead.
couples were murdered under their watch. So maybe the conversation won't be long" Cas supplies, which startles a laugh out of Dean.
"Oh I actually teach history over at the high school" Jason reveals, and Dean has to hold back a laugh.
Dean gestures for Cas to open the yellow book.
not again. Please,
(See the end of the chapter for
The feeling washes over him again, he can’t quite place it yet, but he feels it clawing its way up his throat. He shivers, even though the body in his arms burns against his chest as he screams on.
about ourselves." Cas continues purposefully, and Dean's throat constricts at the words. Dean of course knows Cas is "indifferent to sexual orientation", but he doesn't know that he-
Dean hovers as Cas, expertly switches out Jack's clothes. He murmurs to Jack in his signature low, rumbling tone, and manages to get to calm him a bit.
His knowledge is all theoretical (save for the one time he babysat for Nora from the Gas-N-Sip an-no, this was different). But he figured he’d have time to learn and improve.
Cas stalls, eyes quickly finding Dean's.
not the time. Fighting the urge to launch out of the bed, Dean freezes, trying to wrack his brain about how he can get out of this without waking Cas.
you can see your kid” Sam smiled as he quickly plucked Jack from Cas’ arms, ignoring his protests.
Cas finally meets Dean’s eye, but cuts himself off when he catches sight of Dean’s arm.
They had rolled into town earlier in the day than originally planned, since their appointment to see the house wasn't until 4:30pm. But it actually turned out to be a good thing, because in their last minute decision to take the case, all three of them forgot it would actually have to
Fifteen minutes. He forgot to make the bottle. He was up at 2:30 a.m and he always makes the second bottle for the 4:30 a.m feeding. He
As he turns back to the pot on the stove, he hears Cas exaggeratedly wonder where Jack has gone, followed by the sound of Sam and Eileen joining in on the fun.
after all. He hears Cas tiredly greet Jack, as he unplugs the griddle. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Cas shuffle towards the coffee pot.
, but the thought only makes Dean’s heart swell.
"Cas, listen I- I just got you back. And of course losing you wa-was
much, but Dean was already standing there by the time he realized he was walking, so it would just be
Dean grips the counter he's wiping off and stares up at the ceiling.
. Because
He took a shuttering breath.
Because Dean
And he somehow managed to pull it together long enough to find his voice.
was that?
He missed the first three months of Jack’s life, forcing Dean to pick up the pieces he left behind. And now he’s back, but he has
, but the crushing waves of anxiety and thing swirling around in his stomach sure as hell are.
“Oh I think we
talking about whatever that
At that Cas spun around, fists clenched at his sides.
He hastily tries to take in every detail of the scene before him, committing it to memory. He’s terrified to look away, for the fear that it might disappear.
But Cas' knee kept bumping against his, which wasn't his fault small table and all, but it meant his heart rate kept climbing. That swirling thing that Dean should
As soon as they’re sure Jack is asleep, they stand for a moment, hovering over the crib.
And he thinks of how he might
"Da look my trooper!" Jack laughs waving the plastic toy in the air.
And there goes Dean's heart rate.
When Dean was fifteen they were stuck in some small town in Nebraska for four months. The town was shit, but Dean had luckily made friends with this guy named Jake Preston who was two years older than him. They were practically inseparable, sneaking into movies, late night joyrides in Jake's crappy pick up, swiping beers from Mr. Preston to drink under the bleachers. And sometimes when Jake would do a successful donut with his truck, or con their way out of trouble, or wink at Dean before he snuck them out of school early, he’d get that same
Dean pours his cup with a trembling hand, then with a heavy sigh, he grips the counter tightly, grounding himself.
And he far
Dean reluctantly pulls away, hands cradling Cas’s face, whose hands have somehow found their way around Dean’s waist.
God what the hell was he doing? Why did he have to get so damn
And none of this would have even happened if Cas had jus-
"Alright so,
He was crazy. He didn't even know why he said anythi-
it if we get to live in this beautiful neighborhood. But what about you, Molly?" Cas deflects smoothly shooting them a charming smile-that Dean
“I’m sure you’re hungry, I didn’t know when you’d be back, but I made spaghetti- Dean I’m
Cas hesitates for a moment, looking unsure as he fiddles with the string of his sweatpants. And Dean's heart twists at the sight.
This mixtape idea has been rattling around in my head for months, and I started writing again so ta da fic AND a playlist!
. He’s gonna be
"So, we have to ask. We saw some crazy stuff in the news about this neighborhood, of course, it was after we bought the place. But we couldn't find much info about it" Dean begins gently to ease them into the conversation.
on his finger pretending to be
about how the sight makes his heart twist.
” Dean screamed, voice breaking.
. Cas probably doesn't even know he turned into an
Cas had missed three months.
(the one Dean doesn't talk about) is bubbling up, joining with the butterfl-
And now, Dean doesn't know
clearly about any of this at all.
So Dean moves. Check the obvious first.
"Well, it was back in 2008. I was sort of going through a bit of a rough patch at work and was frequenting the local bar a bit too much. But maybe the hangovers were worth it, because one night this guy with
, he heard the door unlock, and was met with a very drunk John Winchester, who quickly made his opinions about the scene before him,
"I don't know, Jack's neve-"
-Very brief sexuality crisis (Dean)
. Even Jack knew something was up. And listen, Dean knows it's his fault.
Something heavy settles in his chest. He clenches his fists.
The swirling feeling, that Dean is now
But Dean wouldn’t trade a
Dean waited patiently for him to continue, fearing if he spoke Cas would just brush the whole thing off.
Dean aggressively jerks the car into park, and rips the keys out of the ignition, sending a silent apology to Baby.
(See the end of the chapter for
And they're going to
The wood under the couch was discolored and stripped, like it had been cleaned too many times possibly with bleach.
, leaving him with a child to care for.
Dean obviously puts up a bit of a fight whenever this happens, because he’s definitely
He looks content, but Cas knows better.
him. On the
He crosses to the changing table, quickly disposing of Jack’s diaper. Cas follows.
"Okay well, what about th-"
was the dumbass”
“Gee thanks Cas” Dean said rolling at Cas’ dramatics.
, and he’d screw everything up.
“I had it under contro-”
He murmurs something that Cas can’t decipher in this state, and leaves the room.
The panic quickly melts away, and he gives a weak smile back. And with that, Cas turns away again, leaving Dean to stare through the dark.
Dean's gotta put his foot down. There's no way, it's too dangerous
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hi I'm Maria, I don't recognize you, so
Cas is just so
now. It’s quieter, and there’s an awkwardness to it that they both refuse to address.
Dean's eyes immediately land on Cas, who stares right back, head tilted in question.
Dean shoves the phone back in his pocket, but not before turning on the sound.
Dean. Holding Cas' hand.
for the
be going, try to have a pleasant evening. Oh and Molly, that chicken looked a bit dry,
It was only fifteen minutes off schedule.
Which again, isn't
Because this was
But something,
“Dean….there’s nowhere else in the world I’d rather be, than right
?" Sam asked, smile turning into a smirk.
"Perfect! Stop by Tuesday around two, we'll have lunch! But like I said we
or this
been getting harder to do lately, and the heat of Cas' knee pressed against his definitely
Dean's stomach twists again, and an all too familiar feeling washes over him.
Cas had failed him three months ago, he had disappointed him.
of people outside. Walking dogs, pushing kids in strollers, jogging,
"Hi! You must be the new neighbors!" A voice calls, causing Dean and Cas to stall in their tracks, ending their staring contest.
Maria continues to chatter loudly about god knows what, so he ignores her opting to carefully stand Jack on the ground, crouching to his level.
"Well, that worked out
clean. They ate pizza off of paper plates, (even though Dean bought brand new circle plates that afternoon), and drank soda and beer from cans and bottles.
He grips the railing tightly, allowing it to ground him and watches as Jack’s chest slowly begins to rise and fall.
to gossip about the murders of their neighbors" Dean points out which earns a huffed laugh from Cas.
in Cas’ direction,  his heart starts racing, which isn't exactly
They can
the silence. He had always found it comforting, at least that’s what he told himself.
"Uh, we got married in our backyard. Just pick any date" Dean said weakly once he found his voice.
family dinner, because his Mom and Bobby wouldn't be back from their hunt in Montana for at least another two days, but that just means they'd have to have
“Okay okay
"And really the rest is history, we just sorta clicked. It sounds like bullshit, but it was like we were
Cas stifles a laugh, placing the comforter set in the cart, which Dean is now trying very hard not to look at as they continue through the store. But as soon as he caught a glimpse of blue fabric, his lungs forget how to do their job,
, drink, mingle!" Maria interrupts shoving him away, and Dean has no choice but to obey, unless he wanted to cause a scene. Which he did want to, because he was practically fuming from that subtle dig at capabilities at a parent, but he couldn't he had the
And Dean
too dangerous. He's not just gonna put the kid directly in harms way, on a hunt for godsake! And yet the suggestion had rolled off his tongue anyway? Dean didn't know why.
"Actually I thought it was very
job to carry out, and
Which just makes everything harder, he just doesn’t know what to do.
, like always.
not going to happen. Not with his face still on fire.
Because this is about
come back to each other" Cas says earnestly, looking right into Dean's eyes.
Now, Cas stands in the kitchen, bouncing Jack in his arms as they wait for the water to boil.
In a flash Dean’s out of the car, crossing the pavement, pushing his way past Sam.
They stand in silence, and Dean’s pretty sure Cas can hear his heart pounding against his chest.
Dean had spent
about it. But I still don't understand why you wouldn't let me tear that assclown a new one" Dean grumbles, anger quickly returning as they climb their porch steps.
Cas looks up, meeting his eyes giving him a smile that's reserved only for Dean.
Cas looks up expecting to meet Dean’s eyes, but he’s focused on the table, worrying his lip between his teeth.
the pet name rolled off his tongue.
want to check on that" Amanda proclaims, and then she and Bill are disappearing into the crowd.
Cas has lived for millions of years. He was there at the beginning of creation, when there was nothing except for God and the angels. He has seen all of the wonders of the world, he’s traveled the globe, been to every corner of the Earth.
, a little, it's all for an
He freezes.
And with that, Dean was out of the car, stomping after Cas.
They stilled, eyes meeting in the dark. Sparks floated down from the bulbs above, serving as the only light.
Plates and cups clinking in the kitchen, cellphones ringing off the hook, the beeping of the oven timer, and the stream of constant conversation.
doesn’t make Dean’s stomach flip.
, Dean thinks to himself. So stalks after him.
. Must be a hard sell since the last owners happened to
A buzz pulls him from his memory. A trembling hand pulls his phone from his pocket, and through blurred vision, he makes out a text from Sam. He’ll be home in a few hours.
. We both know that’s a lie. Here let me-”
There's a heat on his cheek that quickly comes and goes, but there's a lingering
With trembling hands his places the pot on the stove, and wanders around the kitchen, softly rubbing circles into Jack’s back.
, he had everything
with a
Dean stares down, finding the gravel particularly interesting as he attempts to reign everything back in.
in a neighborhood like this, he can't
about how looking at how happy Cas is pushing him, causes that swirling feeling to swim around his stomach.
. But I-I've never really had to act '
you, you are
"Good eye, Jack" Cas said amusement in his voice as he materialized next to Dean out of thin air (which he actually can't do anymore). It
, I feel safer about the whole endeav-not that Sam
"So I know we're in a different place, but the rules are
Dean gazes travels back up to see Cas hanging on the doorway, cheeks tinged pink, and a knowing smile on his lips. And Dean’s heart
And it’s
But it’s also filled with sounds of despair.
So Dean quickly meets Cas' eye. Both knowing they have to nail this part if they plan to gain anyone's trust. They hadn't exactly rehearsed it, but they are best friends who've spent over a decade lying for a living.
This is r
Finally after what seemed like hours, they stood by the impala in an empty section of the parking lot, waiting for Sam show up with the truck. He listened to Cas and Jack talking about nonsense as Cas balanced him on the closed trunk. Dean's nerves only seemed to follow him out into the parking lot as he anxiously tapped on the roof of the car, staring down at the pavement.
I said it. Because now we're putting Jack in danger-and it's
hard, but
Will he know as soon as he looked at Jack? Will he turn those eyes on Dean, full of disappointment and anger? Or will he forgive him? Does Dean even deserve his forgiveness? Will he even speak to Dean? Does he even
far, he’s gotten farther than he ever thought he would, he still feels like that terrified little kid again.
. These things do not make you pathetic, they make you
And Dean swears his friggin heart stopped, Cas' words knocking the wind out of him.
towards anything else.
So with a deep breath, he turns around like a
“Then we come up with a
-"Dean stops, words catching in his throat.
case to think about.
Now, Dean doesn't
Of course, a single conversation doesn’t fix a lifetime of self-doubt and anxiety, that exists between the two of them. But it’s a
Dean’ vision fills with a tiny body, writhing uncomfortably, as wails force their way from his throat.
Once Dean was far away from the bedroom section, and jogged his memory for what he said he was going to get, he could breathe again.
Dean vaguely registers Sam appearing in the doorway, so he takes that as his cue and motions towards the crib as he stalks out of the room.
didn’t miss the wide smile on Sam’s face. And when they got to the small Pride event, Dean was surprised to see a decent amount of people sporting the same colors, one girl even had her hair dyed the same colors, each person shooting Dean a small smile of acknowledgment. And now with Cas’ arms wrapped around his waist, watching Claire, Kaia and Jack all dance around to the music blasting in the streets, as he wonders where Sam and Eileen have gone, he tries to memorize how he
Of course he
A million thoughts rush into his mind, and he ignores every one of them because now is
with him" Cas immediately cut in and god Dean could kis-Dean was very relieved.
Now he's gonna have to play house with Cas and Jack for at least a week, when he can't even
“Dean I-"Cas whispered
He forced Dean to fill a paternal role he did not want, and no-
Then he gestures to the photos, and begins to tell the story behind each picture.
He had failed Jack.
The two turn to follow her finger, Dean's eyes blowing wide at the sight.
And it wasn’t that it was bad, actually Dean wa-
. And you’re allowed to reach your breaking point, and you’re allowed to
(See the end of the chapter for
could possibly compare to the sight before him.
Dean was probably still angry with him.
funny, excited feeling in his tummy, and he assumed it was because he wanted to be just like him when he grew up.
His eyes instantly find their way back to Cas.
nope.
But then he sees Cas standing in a gray sweater, jeans, and a long, deep blue peacoat that Dean has definitely never seen. And he
Dean watches as blue meets blue. Cas’ eyes begin to fill with tears, and he suddenly whips his head to look at Dean. Face filled with uncertainty, eyes begging a question.
He dared a glance at Cas who was studying him, eyes full of remorse. But whatever look was on Dean’s face, immediately shut him up.
"I actually don't drink anymore, not since this little bug came around. But Cas here will definitely take a beer" Dean smiles, giving Jack a little bounce in his arms.
He freezes.
Dean feels tears prick in his eyes, and tells himself it’s just because of the light. The unrecognizable feeling deep in his gut attempts to crawl its way up, he takes a shaky breath, struggling to force it back down, an-
And a
at home, go get dressed I've got it. Plus I'm already dressed,
, but he quickly works to blame it on the now empty living room, and pushes down the feeling. So he bounces Jack in his arms, as he wanders around the room, while Linda tells Cas all about the new
So Dean pulls back, keeping his arms tight around Cas’ waist.
“Reckless?
time, giving it a squeeze whenever Dean looks like he's about to snark back at Linda. And Dean even forgets the hand is there, that is until Cas is suddenly
been days. And yeah Dean's heart was racing and his stomach was swirling, but he
had given him over a year ago.
Again, it’s not like he has been
“…so I’ve been taking pictures everyday…it may be a
to put on an act for.
So shaking his head, Dean finds his eyes in the mirror again.
Dean stands staring at the pyre and listens to the rumble of the impala in the distance, so he doesn’t have to think about how the flames have long burned out and only ash remains.
Suddenly, he found it in his hand, and not bothering with a glass, he took a sip. And another. And then another.
more. So Dean was going to
flip.
-this stupid hunt was his own stupid fault, also partially
And then it hits him.
They stare in silence for a moment longer.
"Hi guys! Oh my god, we're so glad you decided to come!"
Cas loved
" in response.
was. And his mouth must have a mind of its own today because he's pretty sure he didn't tell it to start moving, let alone say
If he stayed here any longer, he’d definitely pass out, and his neck would kill him in the morning.
Their heads snap over to see Molly and Jason making their way towards them.
you Dean Winchester, which means we are
He's back!!!!
Also, I really like this little universe, so I might make it into a series, because the baby Jack truthing never rests!
He’s staring at Jack in shock, and hurriedly glances up at Dean, eyes swimming with terror and uncertainty.
But he sure as hell
Cas started, only to be cut off by Dean’s panic.
the label. He likes the idea of being able to call it something. And he knows it’s the right one because during the very few times he was brave enough to google it, he realized it was the one that fits the best.
Their eyes meet, hesitating for a moment, before entering the room and stopping in front of the crib.
Dean sits in his chair at the map table, looking down as the baby in his arms drinks as though his life depends on it.
Cas picked out.
the one who knows what to do, he should be helping ease Cas into this more, not having breakdowns everytime they make
of it. And apparently, neither would
plan, what could go wrong?
His mind became hazy, the room spun as he forced his eyes shut. A deep blue swirled behind his eyes, he could smell the smoke, saw the flames curling around a tan cloth, felt the wind whipping around his cheeks, he heard a distant scream, remembered the silent walk back to his car.
He turned to leave, but Dean quickly pulled him back. Cas’ levels him with an unimpressed look.
of us. And besides Jack has his powers" Cas replied, gaze shifting back to Jack.
to give you that, when I know I can’t-and now I’ve gone and ruined everything-”
He takes a deep breath.
night.
I had not planned on this happening, the story ran away from me a bit, so I hope you enjoyed these two dumbasses.
“We’re only supposed to let next of kin in. You’ll have to stay very calm. He’s stable now, but still unconscious.”
Classic cars were always valuable, weren’t they? Especially ones as beautiful as the Lincoln. And thank heavens he’d never actually have to fill her up.
“Hey, you okay?” Dean stepped forward, alarm on his face. “You’ve gone kinda pale.”
“No, no. It’s fine!”
“Er, yes. I suppose so,” Castiel said blankly.
“I’ve bin called many things, Cas, but never that.”
“So you worked, and Sam…”
Of course.
Castiel stared up at him, his head tilted to one side.
“That sounds more like my upbringing,” Castiel said softly, as Dean edged his door open with due regard for the paintwork. “My dad loved me, but he was a dreamer. He couldn’t hold down a job—he wanted to create things, but that doesn’t pay well.”
The nurse glanced at the receptionist, who nodded.
But Dean stayed quiet as they exited the elevator and crossed the concrete lot.
He shrugged. “Yes, but as she said, I don’t have any family. It’s only fair, I suppose.”
The older man—Bobby—patted her shoulder, though he too, looked terrified. “Don’t take on so, Ellen. He’s a strong lad, he’ll pull through.”
are going to have to continue as Mr Winchester-to-be, at least until Sam wakes up from his coma.” She waved her hand, as though batting any problems away. “We can sort the details out later.”
go, Balthazar. Haven’t you got some TV to—”
“Not Balthazar. Mrs Mancini, the lady you spoke to downstairs.”
“Cool” He stood up to gather up the plates they’d started with, careful with Ellen’s pride and joy dinner set. “I haven’t seen her in months, she doing okay?”
had met, rather than him and Sam.
was. There might not have been many of Castiel’s belongings in Sam’s apartment, but this Ruby didn’t seem to have left much of a mark either. Where was she? Even if she’d gone on a girls’ trip away, surely she’d have expected to be in contact with her fiance? Sam had been unconscious for days now, and no one had—thankfully for Castiel—heard anything from her. Though if what Charlie had said was true, only Dean knew anything about her, and he, apparently, didn’t approve. From what he’d come to know of Dean, he suspected that if Dean thought this Ruby woman was bad news, she probably was.
“I’m sorry there’s no milk,” he said. “I gave the last to Gypsum for breakfast.” He dropped down onto the sofa, avoiding the exposed spring at the far end. “I felt very uncomfortable, last night, Charlie. Dean and I went to donate blood at the hospital, and we spent the whole evening together, talking. Dean told me, well…” He flushed. That part of their conversation was not for Charlie’s ears, even though she
“Yeah.” Dean swallowed, and squeezed their intertwined fingers together, before glancing down at them as though only then aware of their proximity.
Castiel searched wildly for something to salvage the situation.
The room was packed full of people, in fact it looked like the previous night’s celebrations had continued, merely shifting location.
“He was lucky to have you.”
“You let
work,” Ellen put in proudly, making Dean grin. Sam had had to tell them both what
“She looks pretty crumpled to me.” Castiel peered at the fender. Of course, with Baby literally rammed up against the concrete wall of the gloomy parking lot, they couldn’t see much of the damage.
“Maybe he was worried about what Dean would say,” he tried, unsure what Charlie’s relationship was to the family. “I’m, well, let’s face it, I have a penis. And I sell train tickets for a living. I’m probably not what the family was expecting.”
“Especially not to Dean,” she repeated. “He actually opened up about his childhood, huh?” She stared down into her tea, turning the cup slowly in her mittened hands. And then she sighed. “You’re right that he will find this hard to forgive—”
Bobby rolled his eyes.
“I can’t afford to. He gives me a discount if I keep the stairs and halls swept and take in his deliveries.”
that Sam is engaged to that woman.”
The voice was muffled, but it definitely a woman. Calling from right outside his apartment door. Mrs Mancini must have let her in. Oh God, maybe it was Ellen! She’d said something about popping round with an engagement gift. He’d tried to stop her, but she hadn’t been listening.
Sighing, he turned to pull back the bolt. He peered around the door, ready to slam it shut if it was Balthazar again. He’d had more than enough visitors already.
Dean nodded. “Get in there. Knock yourself out.”
“Yeah, you gonna get that sorted? Anaemia can be dangerous.”
When Dean disappeared into the office, there was nothing left to do but take up his suggestion, and wander around the ‘for sale’ lot. At least if there were a few different cars he seemed to be showing interest in, he could hopefully stall on making the actual decision.
“Over a year. The last time, it was over a year ago,” said Dean, breaking into Castiel’s flight of fluffy fancy.
drive Baby?”
He really was an idiot.
“I dropped in on my way to see you. That’s blonde nurse was there, Jess. She was askin’ after you,” Dean told him, heading north. “You know, she’s always in there, chattin’ to Sam. Reckon she’s got a—”
“No plans to have your own though?” Castiel asked, more impressed than he could let on—without Dean realising how little he really knew about Sam’s life. Then he paused. “Sorry, that was a personal question.”
“Sir! Sir! Are you all right?”
“Yeah.
She hurried out, leaving Castiel standing awkwardly by the door, half turning to follow Jess.
“For something so small, it did a helluva lot of damage,” mutters Dean, aiming for death by glare.
“He brought a basket of fruit for Sam, and Mom invited him in for Sunday lunch. He said he hadn’t got anyone to spend it with, and you know what Mom’s like.”
“I’m all right, thank you.”
“You mentioned Ruby,” Castiel said tentatively, following Dean as he squeezed down a narrow passage between two SUVs.
“And I’m just the man who was supposed to marry him.”
“Bisexual,” Dean blurted, then cast an anxious glance towards Castiel.
Castiel: Tomorrow. I have to.
“Two percent,” says Dean, glaring at the black screen. “You said two percent!”
Castiel nodded, biting his lip as laughter began to bubble up inside him. It really did serve Balthazar right.
“About our esteemed President?” he teased. “Or the Lincoln?”
“What…what do you mean,” Dean asked, looked between Bobby, who looked constipated, and Ellen, whose gaze was watery. “What’s going on?”
. How can you expect me not to call up my favourite video when I find something like that?”
“Yeah,” Dean chuckled darkly. “Well I know that
“Didn’t I see you coming out of Sam’s room earlier?” the dark-haired man, asked, stabbing at the elevator button.
“Why?”
Castiel swallowed the guilt choking his throat, and nodded. “I hope you’ll believe me one day, when I say I would never intentionally do anything to hurt you or your family, Dean.”
“Dean?”
“Aw, mum.” Jo pouted, then turned with a scowl. “Dean’ll probably eat it all anyway.”
Luckily it was deserted, and he was able to sponge his face with paper towels without anyone coming in and seeing him in such a state. When, at last, he felt his eyes wouldn’t betray him, he pulled his hat and scarf back on, and walked swiftly towards the elevator.
