That actually made sense. Steve let some of the tension drain from his shoulders and favored Tony with a smile. "I'd like us to be friends, so... let's go." Making friends with Tony would go a long way toward feeling like a real leader for the team. He'd felt strange being put in the position, but Fury had been insistent. He was the military man and certainly the most disciplined and loyal of the Avengers. That meant he was leader material whether he felt like it or not. As Nick had bluntly put it, "Knowing how to set up an iPhone doesn't have shit to do with leading a team."
Scott's back arched, his mouth hanging open in a silent cry of pleasure. Maybe it should have hurt being taken hard and fast by someone as strong as Logan, but instead Scott felt nothing but heat. More often than not, Logan managed to drive thrusts directly into his prostate. Stars swam behind Scott's eyes as he finally let out a gasp of pleasure. "Fuck me, Logan... so good..." He'd never experienced anything like the intensity of being possessed by Logan, and he hadn't realized how badly he needed just that kind of release.
Bruce leveled a smile at the young scientist that was far bigger and more genuine than he'd thought himself capable of. "You know, Fury wasn't exaggerating when he said you two are geniuses," he said. He pulled her into a quick hug, then grinned sheepishly. "Sorry. Just... you gave me a reason to smile. And I'm proud of you guys. You think Fitz'll freak out if I hug him, too?"
"Course I can do that," Fitz blustered as if it was the most obvious thing he'd ever said. He ignored the look that Simmons was giving him. He was too busy staring at the gorgeous ball of metal in his palms and thinking about everything he could do with it.
A quiet voice broke the lull. "Sirs?"
It wasn't an easy trip, but with the help of some reluctant guards who were rather responsive to Natsha’s cold stare, they got Logan upstairs to Scott's room. The bed was still a mess, and Scott tried hard not to think about why. He felt sick to his stomach remembering what he'd done. "If you hear anything about Captain Rogers..."
"Maybe I did," Scott allowed earnestly. He hated the idea of becoming so jaded, but Logan was right. It was hard to think of any way that people like the scum trafficking in mutant slaves could be negotiated with. He knew what Magneto would do to men like that, and Scott was willing to admit to himself that he would likely have paid money for a ticket to watch it. "Either way, I don't feel comfortable there for now. I know that who I am at the moment isn't who they need or want me to be. Here, maybe I can just be."
Bucky felt as if an enormous weight had lifted off his shoulders. He could not have faced any of this alone and, even if he and Steve weren’t together like he wanted, Bucky found comfort in knowing his friend would always been by his side. “Thanks. Thank you, Steve,” he said softly. “I mean it.” Covering Steve’s hand with his own, Bucky offered a gentle squeeze. Even an innocent act such as that brought on a rush of desire. He quickly tamped it down, flushing warmly as he cleared his throat. “So, these boxes?” Bucky indicated them with a slight nod of his head. “We should do something about them, yeah?”
Thor looked confused, and Logan clarified, "If you'd talk to your mother about this, we'd appreciate it. See if there's a way to either redirect that thing to you or at least make sure our buddy here doesn't lose his marbles after the fact."
Positive that he'd somehow managed to walk from the bar into the pages of a freaky leather magazine, Darien was dazed by the expert way Clint trussed him up. His partner had done this before. Clint had dragged people into the seedy back room and fucked them there more than once. It was terrifying and sexy all at once, and Darien tried to catch his breath. "Wh-what, uh, what exactly is the plan here?" he managed in a voice that didn't sound any steadier than he felt. At least staying on his feet wasn't a concern since he was bound and tied off kneeling. His gaze strayed from Clint to the two other men, who were smirking at him. They apparently knew what was coming, and his stomach twisted with a heady mix of fear and excitement.
Logan grunted softly as Scott jerked him into the clumsy kiss, but his arms instinctively wrapped around the other man's body. Scott's scent hit him stronger so close: beer, aftershave, and the scent that was distinctly Scott's. Without thought, Logan pressed into the contact, meeting Scott kiss with equal enthusiasm. Rational thought caught up a second later, well after Logan had conveyed his real urges on the matter, but the feral mutant forced himself to pull Scott back to meet his eyes. Logan was panting, his eyes hooded and his face flush. In a voice rougher and deeper than it should've been, he murmured, "Scott... I... *really* wanna keep goin' where this's goin', but... Maybe we should wait 'til you're sober?"
"Just Bruce." Clint didn't bat an eye, and it wasn't clear if he was kidding.
Clint watched the whole ordeal, too horrified by the gun's effects on Steve to feel even the slightest hint of relief that Nat was better. He felt like he should say something, tell Steve to stop. He bit his tongue, though. If that was anyone's job, it was Tony's.
Clint took a moment to realize he was being invited to join. He'd been far too busy watching various decidedly inappropriate parts of the two as they moved. Polishing off the second beer, Clint stood, feeling like he'd had enough to act a little stupid if necessary. He drew close to Nat, taking her hand and closing the distance easily. The beat was a low, steady throb, and he moved with her, his hands resting on her waist as he shifted with all the grace he'd developed over the years. When Phil got a little too close, Clint impulsively switched targets. It was meant as a tease, something to get Phil flustered all over again. "Let's see how well a suit can move," he said, his voice a little deeper than he'd intended as his hands moved to Phil's hips, thumbs hooking in the man's belt loops. He still kept a few inches between them even as his eyes locked with his handler's, a coy smirk on his lips.
"True life stories," Scott agreed with a slow nod. He had to admit, it was amusing seeing someone who always seemed as together as Phil flustered and blushing. The guy really did look like he was going to kill someone or freak or. Possibly both.
While Tony wouldn't have consciously listed 'being told what to do' as one of his turn-ons, Steve's commanding tone of voice certainly served to raise goosebumps on his skin and distract him from typing in the code right. It took him a few tries before he managed. "Third time's a charm," he muttered. Jarvis started to utter a greeting to them. "Jarvis, get lost for awhile."
Loki rolled his eyes at the dramatic response. "Honestly, and I thought my brother overreacted to everything." He rose from the bed and crossed over to stand in front of Tony. "At the moment, it's in my best interest to have something that the Avengers want. I'm sure that they'll want what I have to offer, but I don't know that it will be enough to buy my life back. Having you... well, even your body is worth something to them, I'm sure, but I confess that I've rather enjoyed you having full use of it." He reached out to touch Tony's cheek, smirking at the way the mortal flinched. "You won't die by my hand. Not yet, Mr. Stark."
"I think we have to," Phil answered. He hesitated before allowing, "But I don't know if we can or not. Even if we do, it won't change what they've done, and if they remember that, it will be awkward at best. They may not stay even if everything goes the way we want it to." People left. They came and went. Scott and Logan had both already left one team behind, and for Scott it was a team that had been more or less a family to him through his whole adolescence. "I'm also not sure killing Loki - as warm and fuzzy as that would make me feel - will fix it. If he did something to them, he might also be the only one who can reverse it."
"I got a little too confident with our new tech and was clinically dead for awhile. I don't recommend that either. It did get me the only paid vacation I've had with SHIELD. Tahiti. It's a," the man's smooth voice faltered for a moment, "magical place."
Scott ducked his head. "Tell him I love him too... and that he doesn't have anything to be sorry about."
Scott hated the silence of the room as he carefully spilled the whole experience out. It hurt. He hated thinking about what he'd seen and what he'd done just to get by. Most of the time he'd just taken the beatings when he had to, but there had been times... Scott wasn't used to giving up or giving in, but he had done both on numerous occasions. By the time he finished, his back was cramped from sitting so still in the chair, and his eyes ached from staring at the screen. He didn't even bother re-reading any of the report before mailing it to the address Logan had given to him.
Clint settled at one of the counter stools and shook his head. "Not much. Loki sent Logan back but still has Nat. Logan said he was going to send her back. I'm just afraid of how he's gonna send her back," he said, playing absently with one of the salt shakers. The lights in the kitchen felt unpleasantly intense, and he pulled his hood up with a grumble of discomfort. "Coulson seems to think we'll get her back. He usually knows stuff," he mumbled.
"A truly great mind cannot be imprisoned," Hyde snarled.
"I hate reporters,' Tony said, as the Mansion's heavy door swung shut behind them.
"You meant it exactly that way. Why do people always act like my experiments go wrong on purpose?" Hank flung his hands out, narrowly missing knocking over a test tube full of god knew what.
Clint, surprisingly, nodded. "The big guy's right," he said. "If she was possessed, it's not her fault. Nothing she did was her fault."
"What happened to him?" Don went still, lips thinning out further. "Is he-"
Steve grinned against Tony's neck.
He dumped the stack of forms the DoE guys had left for him to look over in his inbox - the lawyers could look at them tomorrow - and stood. Sound went distant for a moment, and the edges of his vision blurred.
and then he'd found himself in London, untouched and alone and knowing, somehow, that a long time had passed.
You weren't in control of your actions, and I slept with you anyway, and Carol thought you'd used some kind of mind-control or manipulation on me and must have wanted it, but if you were possessed..." Then it hadn't been Wanda who'd wanted the sex. It had been Chthon. And even if Clint had been... influenced... somehow, he'd still had more free will than she had. Like sleeping with a falling-down drunk person when you'd only had a couple of beers. "I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry. I don't know why I did it."
Steve was starting to regret not taking the rest of his costume off before getting into the shower. The wet leather provided good friction, but it was much too tight now, and he wanted it gone, wanted as much of his skin touching Tony's skin as possible.
"Tony," Steve interrupted, and Tony immediately fell silent, his breathing unsteady. "Tony, you know you sound-"
"Really?" Tony asked, temporarily diverted from his brooding. If silk's low conductivity applied to magical energy as well as electricity, then it ought to follow that high conductivity would transfer over as well. "What about gold and copper? Does glass insulate magic, too?"
"What for?" Steve prompted, after a long moment of silence had stretched between them.
"I know it's silly," Peter admitted, "but, well... He was actually worried about me. I mean, when he was trying to get me to leave, he sounded really scared, like I was his responsibility or something." Peter gestured expansively, trying to convey the depth of the weirdness this had caused. "Things aren't supposed to be like that anymore." He shook his head and folded his arms across his chest, looking down. "I think I liked it better when I could pretend that I hated him."
Sam and Clint had been coming by in alternating shifts, probably, Steve acknowledged, as much to keep an eye on himself and Hank as anything else.
When Loki came, he would offer Asgard's aid in recovering Baldur's Bane in exchange for the return of the Wasp and Hank Pym.  Their rescue would have to come first, he would tell her, as restitution for aiding Doom.
"I fell in love with you," Steve snapped. "I don't care what gender you are. If I didn't care that you'd been changed into a woman, why would it stop me that you'd been changed back?"
Strange frowned. "I might have further tests I'd like your assistance with." He shrugged, the frown replaced by a slightly self-deprecating smile, and added, "I never did get the hang of doing my own labwork, back in medical school."
Doom spun around, bringing a weapon to bear on the source of the sound. The laser fire sparked harmlessly against an invisible shield, and the woman behind it smirked at him.
"I always did mean it, at least with you." Tony batted his eyelashes up at Rhodey, ostentatiously mimicking some of the more vapid woman he'd once dated.
"It's good to know that he's happy in spite of everything that happened. I think he'd tell me if he wasn't, but it's still nice to have some proof." Tony's smile shifted slightly, into something closer to a smirk. "I'll have to tap into the security cameras next time."
The museum wished to have it examined by Dr. Strange, in hopes that he would be able to dispel the dark aura that clung to it, which had already caused not just the attack yesterday, but the suicides of two guards and an unhappy sequence of accidents. Until then, they wished the Avengers to take custody of it, preferably as quickly as was possible without risking damage to the book.
"When your teammates searched Agatha Harkness's house, she had been dead for some time. I'm afraid he may have been influencing you for far longer than anyone suspected."
Helicarrier conference rooms were beginning to tie with medical facilities for places Tony had spent far more hours of his life in than he ever wanted to.
Tony stared at him blankly for a moment, as if he’d forgotten that that would even be in question.  Then he smiled again, the expression not quite a smirk.   “I’ll flip you for it.”
Except... talking and joking with Wanda and Hank, pretending that their own teammates didn't hate them and their dead friends and family weren't haunting them, wasn't all that different from watching the Negative Zone prison at three a.m. with Hank and Reed, pretending that Reed hadn't come to stare at the portal after putting his kids to bed because he couldn't fall asleep alone, and that Tony and Reed weren't both silently keeping track of Hank's anti-depressant and mood stabilizer doses after the disaster with the cloned Thor, painfully aware that there was no way to keep a suicide watch on someone who could effectively kill himself with his own powers. And that had been before the end, when they had still had no inkling of how bad it was going to become.
"I had  to reschedule a lot of things while I was sick," Tony said, sounding  slightly defensive.  "I'm still catching up."  He sighed, looking away  and running one hand through his hair.  "Jazz club."
Considering that Tony's cousin had sold him out to supervillains at least twice and had tried put the moves on him the last time they'd met, no, he probably didn't merit a wedding invitation. Very few of Tony's acquaintances outside the superhero community and Stark Industries did, Steve suspected. Especially not the people who had gone to fancy parties with Tony and watched cheerfully from the sidelines as he drank himself into oblivion. "That guy from the charity ball isn't invited, either."
Whatever it was, the thing speaking to her in her dead aunt's voice was involved. Wanda tried again to run, to get as far away from this place as possible, but her body was paralyzed. How long had she been here, in this empty fairy tale cottage with no art on the walls? What had it done to her?
They had lost contact with Peter and Luke first, their communicators going offline abruptly and setting off a wail of alarms in the tower's communications room.  The city-wide failures had come later, while they were scrambling into the quinjet.
"I know," Hank said. "I know. It's just... not the same."
He'd testified against the Registration Act in front of Congress. He'd fought Hitler and alien warlords and supervillains and demons and gods. He'd come back from the — Steve mentally flinched away from the word, then made himself think it,
"No," Wanda said, with a slight shake of her head. "From what I understand from the X-Men, it's just considered more fun this way."
He almost wished that Tony had never shown him how to read the comments on online news articles.
Which was presumably why she'd voted to accept Loki's assistance, alongside Sam and Tony. Neither her vote nor Sam's had been as surprising as Hank's resounding vote against, but when he thought about it, Steve supposed it made sense. Hank had been burned – badly – by supervillains before; Jan was nothing if not practical, the flighty persona she liked to put on notwithstanding; and Sam was more than able to grit his teeth and work with people he disliked if he thought it would serve the greater good.
"Don't rub it in, okay?" Tony said. He sounded tired. "Tonight was bad enough without being reminded over and over that most women don't have any interest in me anymore. Which wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for the fact that only the wrong kind of men do."
Steve made himself look away, back at the magazine, pretending that Tony hadn't just uncomfortably referenced the breakdown he'd nearly had while Steve had been gone.
Sparring with Sam was both less playful and a better work out than sparring with most of the rest of the Avengers; with Wanda and Clint, Steve still thought of himself as a teacher, and probably always would, and with Tony, sparring had a way of turning into something else entirely. It had been the same way with Sharon, and with Rachel.
It wasn't prying when your teammate might have something seriously wrong with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'd like to take credit for the filter design," Tony said, ignoring the cold sweat breaking out along his spine, "but I'm afraid it was mostly Dr. Avison's doing." He nodded at Avison, and she smiled back at him, perfectly capped teeth very white against her dark skin.
doing any good."
Steve and Wanda exchanged a long look that made Jan wonder what else they knew that they were still concealing.
He could still remember the horrible gurgling rasp of Tony' breathing, when they'd found him again last year, after two long months spent wondering whether he was alive or dead. He'd been so angry, then. He'd spent a lot of the past two years being angry at Tony. For the drinking, for disappearing, for not taking care of himself, for not caring
She didn't blame him. She didn't hate him. She didn't want him to leave.
Tony shook his head, the motion quick and jerky. "There's something alive
"Well, obviously, but Rhodey's never been interested, and neither have you, and-"
start talking to him again someday.
Old Shellhead was a lot tougher than he was. He'd expended a lot of time and effort making it that way.
Clint's hand didn't waver.  "The last three robots didn't do so well against it.  For all I know, you're a robot, too."
She vanished into one of the other rooms, which Peter assumed was where the Wasp was being treated.
Tony glared at him, his face thinner and visibly more delicate, narrowed eyes thickly fringed in black lashes - which were no longer or thicker than they had been before, but seemed more striking now. "Thank you for pointing out the obvious, Hank," he said, in a husky mezzo-soprano that didn't sound remotely like his voice.
The single spell remaining from that grimoire would let her claim the power of the spear for herself. It wasn't the cosmic cube, lost with her father's first death, but it would do. America would burn — the world would burn — and from the ashes would arise a new order, in her father's image.
"Cheap shots at my appearance don't become you, Iron Man," Hyde sneered.
Clint was welcome to deal with her, and with all the other dusty and shell-shocked residents and construction workers. She didn't envy him.
The feel of Tony's body pressed against him was like an electric shock, jolting Steve into an awareness of what, exactly, he was doing.
Tony surveyed the array of scattered armor components, already seeing in his head the way they would fit together, how the rerouted power input for the gauntlets would work. It had taken three hours to get the suit apart like this, and would take at least four more to put it back together, but he had time, or rather, after nearly forty-eight hours of being male again, he'd finally been able to stand it no longer and made time. He'd turned off his cell phone and Avengers communicator, told Pepper not to let anyone or anything in, and locked the door.
The pain was incredible, like grabbing hold of a live wire, worse than the knife in his side by an entire order of magnitude. Raw chaos magic filled him, corrosive and violent and
But if he could not speak with Jarvis, he could at least make himself a luncheon.
"Is any of that your blood?" Steve blurted out.
"It's okay," Clint started, keeping his voice low. The people he'd helped the EMTs load into the ambulances had panicked when you tried to talk to them; it was how he'd gotten stabbed in the thigh. "You're in the hospital. I don't know if you remember, but you were drugged with something. The doctors are going to help you."
Then she walked away, cape rippling behind her, leaving the two of them alone. "What's wrong?" Steve asked, the pit of his stomach suddenly hollow.
Tony had a strange concept of responsibility, obsessively over-zealous at some times and then nearly non-existent at others. Steve belated realized that he was still holding the fresh icepack, and put it against his shoulder again without taking his eyes off Tony. "And so you thought you'd prevent that by blowing things up?"
"Stop fidgeting," Jan said. "You look perfect."
Sam dropped to the floor and reached under the couch, grabbing for the scruff of his neck. The cat squawked, and tried to bite him, raking Sam's forearm with his back feet. It was nothing compared to the damage Redwing could do to his arms and shoulders without even trying, especially not through a long-sleeved shirt, so he ignored the needle-sharp caws and hauled the cat out, handing it up to Steve. "Here. Maybe he'll feel safer if you take him to the other end of the mansion."
This time, Tony wasn't hesitating, and Steve allowed himself to hope that all of the misery of the past year was finally behind them. Not just Registration, but everything. The destruction of the mansion, which had been both his and Tony's home; the team breaking apart; losing Thor and Clint and Vision and Scott and Jack; losing Wanda in a different way; learning just how thoroughly he had failed to protect Bucky; Tony being used like a puppet, until he was forced to stop his own heart to put an end to it; Stamford, and the American people turning on them, and all of them turning on each other... His own death, and what it had done to Tony.
"Nay," Thor said. "I shall not leave." He strode further into the room to demonstrate this until he stood over Tony's desk, looking down at the top of his bowed head. "There are questions I would have you answer." More questions, indeed, than he had thought. To Tony's lack of honesty over the clone was added the matter of Tony's health; if he were ill, and concealing it, Captain America would be greatly upset, and though he did not approve of Steve's choice of lover, he did not wish his friend to be unhappy.
Both Sharon and the Winter Soldier stiffened and turned to run when Tony opened the front door, and he had a split second, staring into the muzzles of two guns, to realize how stupid startling injured black ops agents was, before Steve's voice came from behind him, "Put the gun away and get inside, Bucky. Sharon. Nice to see you."
The robot lost its grip on the bridge cables and fell, its impact taking out the remarkably ugly abandoned office building Sam had been ranting about just yesterday -- "People want to level it and put a park there, but it was built by the student of some famous architect, not that you can tell, because it's your standard 60s cinderblock bunker" -- and Steve, watching, tried very hard to look appropriately guilty. He suspected that he failed in this endeavor, since the firemen who came to deal with the robot remains a few minutes later kept giving him conspiratorial looks.
Barnes moaned, and mumbled something in Russian, too low for Tony to make out. His pupils were dilated wide, making his eyes look black in the bright overhead lighting, and he was breathing shallowly, a barely audible wheezing note underlying each breath.
Cap gave him a look that he mentally translated as "Clint, that wasn't very nice." He sighed, looking down at Tony once more; he looked almost afraid, or maybe like he wanted to cry, neither or which were looks Clint was used to seeing on Cap. "I don't know what I'm going to do," he said, voice low.
"Breathe," she ordered.  "Slowly."  She pushed down on his shoulders, gently, trying to keep him from getting up or moving without hurting him more.  "You've just had the air knocked out of you."  Once, she could have forced that to be the truth.  Now, she just had to hope it was.
She spoke softly, but the words somehow filled the air just as strongly and clearly as if she'd shouted them. They were in a language Tony had never heard; he assumed it was meant to sound threatening and eldritch, but magical incantations had always just sounded silly to him.
Then he noticed the second picture.
"It looks so innocent from up here." Carol's voice sounded through her communicator, sharp and clear and without the wind noise that most sound equipment wouldn't be able to filter out. There were benefits to having Tony Stark design your tech. "How long is Cap going to have us doing this?"
Tony felt the same way, he knew. If he really was stuck like this, if Strange couldn't fix him...
"I'm driving," Tony informed Rhodey, reaching for the driver's side door before Rhodey could. He had to take the shoes off to do it, but damn it, he'd surrendered enough of his masculinity tonight as it was. Getting to drive a sports car from a Bond movie through Manhattan was minimal comfort, but at least it was something.
"We'll see about that." He should have been annoyed – the genetic research for Beast hadn't produced any results yet, but he hadn't started comparing the homo superior genome to baseline human genetic material yet, and that was sure to generate interesting data – but instead, he found himself smiling. Jan was right. It was good for him to get out of the lab once in a while.
The woman looked from  Steve to Tony, her eyes finally settling on the arm Steve still had  wrapped casually around Tony's waist.  "Ah, sorry," she said, to Steve.   "I should be going now.  I think I see my friends waiting for me."
Tony hit send, not bother to type a closing or signature - everyone at SI recognized his email address - and opened the next message in his inbox. He'd tried to put it off as long as possible, dealing with all the messages from the engineering and manufacturing departments first, but the red-flagged "important" emails from the accounting and marketing guys might actually be important.
. "Please," Steve said.
Call SHIELD, then.  And Strange, to warn him that they'd lost the book.  Maybe he'd actually be able to do something about it this time.
Carol took a half-step forward. "I can do it; I don't mind talking to reporters."
And Hank was spending far too much time walled up in his lab, between the containment unit for that damn book, and whatever genetics project he was working on with Beast. He was probably trying to avoid Thor, but now he'd started asking the other Avengers for blood samples, and Steve wasn't looking forward to the explosion that was going to come when Thor heard about it.
Don's ears popped as the air pressure in the room dropped, and he wasn't sure whether it was he or Thor who growled, "Get out, and stay away from my family."
The relief on Sam's face when he caught sight of Steve heading toward them was obvious even from several yards away.
Thor's voice, deep enough to feel in her bones even through a comlink.
Strange winced, but didn't look away. "I didn't notice Chthon's presence in your mind. It didn't even occur to me to look. It was an arrogant mistake, and one that has cost you and many others a great deal."
They had all been staying here for a month, but so far no one had suggested putting new pictures up. They all knew exactly what had once hung all over the walls of Tony's apartment, and they knew why they'd been taken down.
Thank God he hadn't gone to a SHIELD psychiatrist. Dr. Faustus had been able to program Sharon Carter into shooting Steve, despite being both his friend and occasional lover for years; she didn't even want to think about what he could have done to Hank.
"Steve never did like that thing," Sharon said. "I guess he was right about it."
"You agreed to marry me when we thought there was no chance of my changing back anymore. When we both assumed that I was stuck as a woman."
"Sure," Steve said, the whole situation suddenly seeming slightly unreal. Since when had Tony asked his permission for anything, much less actually listened to an order he gave?
Steve let out a breath, torn between relief that his former teammates hadn't actually had borderline consensual sex under the influence of magic and utter bafflement that they'd apparently engaged in completely consensual kissing. Or groping. Or however exactly Clint defined making out.
Hank didn't answer. The basement lab felt even larger and colder once she and Tony had left, and even the glass-walled ant nest he'd installed in the back corner wasn't very good company.
God damnit, they had
"I guess he hasn't come out of it yet, huh?" Clint said.
Steve sagged forward a little in relief.  Tony was going to wake up any moment now, be annoyed at himself for missing the end of the fight and 'letting' Doom escape, and try to pretend he didn't need to go see a doctor.
"Magic does not follow the laws of logic," Strange said. "It is a thing of will and belief, the deeper reality that men dismiss as illusion."
"I didn't even know she could grow." Peter shrugged. "I always thought she just shrunk down and had wings."
Offering to spar with Tony had been a spur of the moment decision, motivated as much by a selfish desire to regain one more piece of normalcy as the hope that it would help Tony blow off steam and relax the way it always did for Steve. Unfortunately, it didn't seem to be working. Tony visibly seethed every time he forgot to compensate for his altered center of gravity or smaller size, clearly angry with himself for the failure.
They had taken Doom’s armor, but had at least left him his mask.  Staring at his unmasked reflection in the sheet of polished metal that had been bolted to the wall over the cell’s primitive sink – presumably ionized force-fields that prevented the water from reaching a level sufficient to drown oneself in were what passed for high-tech amongst SHIELD operatives – would have been the final unbearable humiliation.
"I'm just glad you called someone at all," Steve told him. He couldn't think of anything else to say, couldn't think of how to tell Tony that he could always call him. He wished he
He'd never even told Tony that he loved him.
"I'm trying to talk to Carol, will you guys shut up?"
Chthon had used her to murder. To attack and kill and destroy the people she loved. And then he'd tried to use her to destroy the world, manipulating her and Pietro both into it. And then...
Tony had come to a halt in the middle of the room, and was now blinking slowly at the boxes; he was starting to look slightly dazed with exhaustion. "Are you ever planning to unpack those?" he asked, frowning.
The transcripts of Sharon's sessions with Faustus had been destroyed, probably by Faustus himself, but the first of them had taken place several weeks before the SHRA had passed — it was in SHIELD's files, every psychological appointment neatly logged in Sharon's medical record. He'd gone through the entire thing with a fine-toothed comb in the days after Steve's death, seeking some kind of explanation for what the autopsy results had told him was true. When Tony had finally, reluctantly spoken to Steve about it, after Steve had woken up gasping Sharon's name one too many times, Steve had been convinced that Sharon had only encountered Faustus once, mere days before the shooting. Days before the shooting, and well after the night he'd spent with Sharon during the registration fight.
"Yeah, that's the problem. You always kind of flirt with people. It's what you do. You're going to have to watch that; now that you look like a woman, guys are going to think you mean it."
Carol's ears and cheeks flushed pink. "I wouldn't go that far, but-" she broke off, then, "Give me the ice cream," she said, abruptly, grabbing for one of the abandoned bowls.
~End~
Cap reached back and brushed the fingers of his free hand along the edge of his shield. "I'm right here," he repeated.
Hill rubbed at her face with one hand, and swore under her breath. "Fury would choose now to decide to deal with the Madripoor situation personally. You have no idea how much I prefer targets I can shoot."
The pain ceased almost instantly.  Thor rose to his knees, still holding his hammer, and looked automatically toward the opened door, now the only source of light.  No more of Doom or Sin's arms-men were forthcoming, and the one Hank Pym had struck down appeared unconscious.
"These marks on your hands..." Don indicated one of Wanda's hands, and the spiky black design on the back that made it look like someone else's. "Did Strange tell you if they were going to affect you in any way?"
"I like
Sin adjusted her night vision goggles, which she had carefully turned off to avoid being flash-blinded by the explosions, until the world was brightly lit in shades of green again. The two men she had left outside would have cut the power, and the inside of the vault would be as dark as a grave. The SHIELD agents inside would already be on guard, but they would be blind, fumbling uselessly around in the dark.
"Tony-" Steve started.
"I can take you back to your teammates," Strange offered several minutes later, when both of their teacups were empty and Wanda had regained some of her composure.
The gloves would be ruined.  Hydrogen peroxide would take the bloodstains off his tunic and pants, but nothing was going to salvage his gloves.
Doom had the control panel partially removed now, and was up to his wrists in Tony's carefully designed circuitry.  Thor was halfway across the room now, the shattered frames of two Doombots littering the floor behind him, but not close enough to stop him from triggering the door release.
"I'm pretty sure Nick's owned this place since before DUMBO got trendy." Steve frowned. "I thought your armor was water-tight."
"Apparently not," Tony said. He kept rubbing at his face, fingertips pressing into his temples. "And it's not eight-thirty in Japan."
"You!" Thor bellowed, turning away from the Wrecker and moving towards Loki, mjolnir raised threateningly. "I might have known this was your doing, Loki! Not content with your previous treachery, you join forces with Chthon to destroy Mitgard itself. Odin's wrath over this will make his previous punishments for you seem as nothing."
"They'll go nuts anyway. You look very good in costume. All that tight leather." Tony smirked at him, eyes lowering to stare at the fold of sheet covering Steve's groin and leaving no doubt as to
Hank stared at her, face unreadable. "I- I did?" He shook his head. "I didn't want to do it. I wasn't using the situation as some kind of an excuse to get back into costume again."
Rhodes snorted. "What do you think? Anyway, you have any idea who I can blackmail into replacing you? I mean, I know you're trying to fix things with your ex, but come on, you're leaving me in the lurch here."
Doom sidestepped, but not quickly enough.  Steve slammed the edge of his shield into Doom's torso, all of his body weight behind it — not the neck or head, not even now, because this was very probably Doom himself and not just another robot.  Doom staggered sideways a step, into the wall, then caught himself with the hand that still held the book and fired at Steve's shield with the other.
Don shuddered. "I don't really want to know."
"I know," Steve told Tony. "I'm glad you did, though. You haven't told me that I'm a naïve, unrealistic boy scout in months."
Hank was going to be all right.  Anything else could wait until later.  “I’ll just… leave,” Don said, pushing himself to his feet.
He'd already taken DeFalco and the rest of the inspection team from the Department of Energy on a tour of the new California plant, and really, most of them ought to have been able to figure out information as basic as emissions output just from looking at the equipment read-outs, but investors, in Tony's experience, really liked simple, brightly colored powerpoint slides, and in this case, the federal government was SI's major investor.
"Iron Man and Yellowjacket built an evil clone of me and used it to kill people."
Jan shook her head — uselessly, since Carol was ahead and to the left of her, and couldn't see the gesture. "If he's hiding, I don't want to think about what it will be like when he stops hiding. Train wrecks, two collapsed buildings, a gas main explosion, that squid... and Tony thinks the air traffic control mix up at JKR yesterday was his influence, too."
"Agatha is chasing me," Wanda blurted out, slapping with both hands at her long, full skirt, which was smoldering faintly in several places. "She tried to drug me. I don't know how far behind me she is."
"Everyone on the East Coast knew," Tony protested. He was lying very still across one of the quinjet's back seats, his eyes closed, looking frighteningly small in the remains of his crumpled business suit. Hank had had to practically beg him to lie down and stay lying down; Tony hated being injured, and he also hated doing anything someone else told him to do.
"You'll always be petty, Doom," Steve told him, in the firm, disapproving-and-slightly-disgusted tone Steve was so good at.
"He didn't actually laugh," Wanda said, smiling a little. "Laughing would ruin his image."
"Be glad Thor's still on the West Coast, or it would be six with pepperoni," Jan said, reaching for the phone.
Tony was smiling, a lopsided, rueful little smile. "I've discussed my sex life with reporters enough that it would barely even be news anymore if you weren't involved. I can-"
a baby? It had been hard enough telling Steve, watching the brief flash of excitement and hope fade from his eyes. In his shoes, he knew, Steve would go through with it, keep the baby, even if it cost him the chance to return to his own gender forever. Because it was the right thing to do. Because Steve never put his own selfish desires above what was best for other people.
Hank was staring at him now, inspecting Clint as if he were a lab experiment. "Clint, are you all right? Did Wanda screw up somehow when she brought you back?"
"I'll keep an eye on things here," Rhodey said as Peter passed him.
Tony's expression didn't flicker, which somehow made Steve only want to yell at him louder, in the hopes that maybe shouting would sink in where plain old annoyance had not. He stepped into the room, closing the door behind him, and turned to face Steve. "I've been building an electromagnetic jammer to block Doom's teleportation device," he said quietly. "Someone using it can still teleport into a space where the jammer signal is being broadcast, but they can't leave."
Hyde, damn him, was not tiring. Steve managed to catch another blow on his shield, this time at an angle that deflected most of its force. He let the momentum carry him around, kicking Hyde viciously in the gut with as much force as he could muster.
She didn't sound as if she were joking.  Where was Hank?
The Night Nurse eyed Daredevil appraisingly. "I'll check you out when I'm done with Stephen and with those idiots from the bank robbery in room three," she said. "Supervillains," she added. "They always wait until the last minute to come in, and then it just makes my job harder. It took me ages to get the internal bleeding stabilized. Could you tell your friend Rand to hit people a little less forcefully?"
"Sorry," Tony said, holding both hands up. "I didn't know you were-"
"I want to do this," Steve told him. "I do, but-"
And Sally Floyd and TIME Magazine had put it into print for the world to see.
Strange was frowning at her, she realized, a faint expression of concern on his long, angular face. He was probably regretting bring the subject of the twins up at all - people all thought they had to walk on eggshells around her over it, that reminding her of it would cause her to have some kind of emotional breakdown.
at him with huge, crazed eyes, occasionally reaching up with one questing paw to hook his claws through a loop of sinew or shred a fletch. Then he'd grab a thread of sinew in his teeth and run off to eat it, freezing every few feet to glance back and make sure Clint didn't want to follow him.
shelved right next to Max Plank's
out of the sky."
"I won't let him use you again," he promised, and part of him ached even as he said it, wishing it were a lie.
"And in the meantime," Tony said, smiling for all he was worth and resisting the urge to gaze at Layton through his eyelashes just in case that might help, "we get the tax breaks just for researching it."
"I'll leave you alone, then," Don said, and Clint almost told him not to. Asking him to leave was a bad idea; it would probably be less threatening if he stayed, and he was a nice safety barrier between Clint and having to actually look Wanda in the face. Even if the idea of someone else hearing what Clint and Wanda were about to discuss was... well, the whole team might be learning about it soon enough. Maybe it would have been easier to get it over with one at a time.
"Yes," she said. "Yes, we're supposed to trust her. The way we trust Hank to take his medication, and Tony not to start drinking again, or erase our checking accounts with the Extremis just because he can, or Steve not to kill somebody practicing unarmed combat moves. Or Sam and Clint not to..." she trailed off, unable to think of anything potentially threatening about Clint, or any way Sam could possibly misuse the ability to talk to birds.
He wasn't sure which was stranger: the fact that his entire life could be packed away in a dozen boxes, or the fact that he'd once had so much
There was no answer, except for a slight increase in the speed of the heart monitor's beeps. Tony was huddled in a ball in the middle of the bed, eyes open, apparently staring blankly into space. Or maybe, Steve thought, his eyes were fixed on something that no one else could see. At least they were blue, no sign of the scrolling computer code or black film that covered them when he was immersed in the Extremis. The hospital's equipment, if nothing else, was safe.
"The Tower, the Eight of Swords, and the Five of Cups," Clint observed. "That's not good."
Curiosity finally overcame dread, and he unbuttoned the top three buttons of his shirt and made himself look. The breasts were small, probably only A cups, but they were, undeniably, breasts. Nestled between them, in the center of his chest, was the same ragged mass of scar tissue he'd had for the past five years; if anything, the breasts made it stand out more. One of the longer shrapnel scars carved a thin, white line along the inside of his right breast, reaching halfway to his nipple.
Jan was back in the air, darting and weaving through the tendrils of smoke with a quick, irregular flight pattern that reminded Tony of a bat. If she could fight her way through to Harkness, then she could... what? There would still be the woman's magical energy shield to contend with.
Tracking the son of a bitch down and making sure he never laid a finger on another human being again would not help Tony now.
Strange adjusted the sleeves of his robe, then raised his hands to chest height, gradually ceasing to become aware of the smell of candle smoke and ghost of old incense, of the sound of Daredevil's breathing and the tiny creaks of his leather costume as he shifted, of the weight of the Eye on his chest and the flutter of the Cape of Levitation against his legs, until all that remained was the reality his supernatural senses showed him.
He tried not to be disappointed when Tony simply promised to follow orders and left.
It wasn't entirely true — Red Skull, from what Tony understood, had been a far better strategist than his daughter — but those also weren't the only options. "If she's spending a lot of time around powerful sources of chaos magic, she might be hearing anything. The security guards at the museum said the manuscript she tried to steal whispered to them."
Wanda's eyes narrowed. "I was locked up!" she shouted. "On Mount Wundagore, for months. I'm still locked up now." She brandished her tattooed hands, all but waving them in Carol's face. "What do you think these are? Locks, on my power, to keep me from drawing enough to let Chthon take me again. To keep me safe."
Wong nodded. "Including stab wounds. I believe it was the nature of the chaos magic in the spear. Chaos magic can only be safely accessed if the caster follows one of a number of complicated rituals. If Stephen tried to use it without those precautions..." he trailed off, looking grim.
Sharon shrugged. "It's a possibility. Considering Sin's history of mental instability, it's also highly probably that she's simply delusional. At the museum, was she-"
The chaos-tainted book at the museum was still unguarded, the museum administrators having taken Wanda's warning about it precisely as seriously as they did the insistence by museum staff that it was cursed. There had been a rash of minor accidents surrounding it, according to the security guard Sam had spoken to, but it was the keystone of their special exhibit, and they were reluctant to remove it.
"Or out of costume," Tony muttered. "Remind me to tell Pepper that Morgan is definitely not invited."
Actually, it might, but pointing that out would be even less helpful than Hank's morbid predictions.
The idea that Tony hadn't been in full control of himself when he had effectively sucker-punched Steve and left him helpless and unable to interfere while he'd gone on to attack a government installation - against Steve's direct orders, after Steve had all but begged him to reconsider his course of action - ought to have made Steve feel better. It didn't.
"It's not as bad as all that." Maya patted him on the shoulder, her latex-gloved hand faintly clammy against his bare skin. "I'm sure we can figure out a solution, and in the meantime, you'll just need to take is easy for a while."
"Obviously," Steve couldn't help saying.
Steve's communicator came to life with a faint hiss of static.
Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum was still disguised as a Starbucks, despite the fact that he wasn't trying to hide unregistered superheroes from the government anymore. Maybe he liked the privacy, or maybe it just amused him. You could never tell, with Strange.
Tony wasn't in the mansion tonight, though - he was at a party of some kind with Jan and James Rhodes - so the library should have been empty for Steve to browse for a book to his heart's content without fear of having to make awkward conversation with... anyone.
figured it out." She stopped, eyes suddenly moving away from Steve, toward her hand, where she would have worn a wedding ring, once. "Actually, I think Happy figured it out before I did. He was good at things like that. He knew Tony was Iron Man before I did, too."
"I'll have to race you sometime." Tony smirked up at him, daring a challenging tone he'd tried very, very hard never to use in California. "I bet I could still beat you, finicky suspension or no."
Tony's voice crackled over her communicator.
"Never mind," Jan told her. "It was just a thought."
Steve kicked the door to their room closed behind him, and let himself drop backward onto the bed, arms flung out. Tony was fine. Sharon or Bucky would have called him if Maya's examination had gone badly.
Clint blinked at Don. "You know that's all been over for more than a month? We've all kissed and made up, some of us more literally than others."
"I had good reasons for everything I did," he said now, as he watched Steve move and tried to decide when and how to attack again.
Thor lifted his barely conscious teammate over his left shoulder, allowed Jan to perch on his right shoulder and take a firm hold on his hair, and began to spin his hammer once more, faster and with more force this time.  The first throw carried them over the roof of the warehouse and to the top of a neighboring building.
"That's not necessary," he started to explain. "The system checks out, mostly, so it should be all right to run it without-"
"Well, whatever I was doing before, it's been replaced by called the landscapers to do something about this." Jan waved a hand at the torn-up lawn. "They've fixed worse damage before, but I want to make sure we get this taken care of before Jarvis feels like he has to start repairing it. He shouldn't have to clean up after those jerks."
without Loki's curse, and it was almost worth trading away his real body for. Spending the rest of his life with Steve, marrying him,
What if he stayed trapped inside his own head, with whatever demons were in there with him, forever?
"Come on," Jan said. "Let's find somewhere else to talk."
"I don't talk to my shield, you know."
Steve looked up from where Tony’s hand lay in his – his fingers and palm were callused, rough with tiny, healed burns, and even long fingers and an expensive manicure never quite managed to make his hands look elegant.  “Take a look?”
The mustache and goatee were gone, too. They hadn't re-appeared when Tony had changed back, and without them, he looked almost as unlike himself as he had when female. He looked younger without the facial hair, and his face seemed narrower.
Blood was seeping between his fingers, the raw, metallic smell of it so thick that he could taste it in the back of his throat.  He remembered drowning on it, feeling cold and sick and unable to breathe, and hoped the spear hadn’t caught one of Tony’s lungs.
If she wanted to keep it quiet, he'd have to think of some other excuse to leave. He'd been putting it off, like a coward, because the team was his home and he had no idea where else he was going to go.
Then Barnes started throwing up again, the kind of dry, wracking heaves you made when there was nothing left in your stomach to expel, and all joking abruptly ceased.
All right, so whatever this speed bump was, it apparently had something to do with Steve and Tony's decision to start fighting again.
The original Mansion's plans had shown a shielded energy containment room in this location, designed to keep Jack of Heart's powers under control. Sam had never actually seen it, but he'd seen the damage Jack's body had caused — even after death, his flesh had still been charged with energy. Anything that could contain that was overkill to protect a book.
That had been three different kinds of stupid.
Wanda could do it. Wanda was also stronger than he was.
Before Steve could answer, Sam's gaze fixed on his face, and he raised his eyebrows, adding, "Don't tell me; you finally tripped over your shield. That's what you get for keeping it on the floor next to your bed."
"Get me some clothes, too, would you?"
"Oh, well," Clint said, still smirking, "the
"Such pretty blue eyes," she whispered. "Always looking at me with such disguSt. Would she like you as well if I plucked this one out?"
Tony was leaning sideways against the couch, hair disheveled and eyes slightly dazed. There was a dark bruise on his left cheek, which had been slowly shifting from red to purple over the course of the evening, and he visibly winced every time he tried to straighten up too quickly, but he looked more relaxed than he normally did.
"Pepper, what did I tell you?" he called out.
Tony was in the middle of the stock brokers, trying to separate them. Two of them had ahold of his arms, and a third was battering at him with another chair, while the fourth attempted to detach one of the others away from Tony in order to continue their fight.
One of Jan's 'stinger' blasts flared at the edge of his vision; she was diving at Sin's face, mobbing her like a blackbird or a crow.  Sin flinched, bringing one arm up, then laughed.  "I came prepared this time, Wasp."  She tapped the edge of her knife against the thick aviator's goggles she wore, then lifted the muzzle of her weapon and started firing at the air, trying unsuccessfully to shoot Jan down.
"Not all of us can fly," Clint was saying.  "Toss me one of those laser guns; I don't think I have any arrows left that aren't broken."
, he'd said carefully, and the deliberate phrasing had been a red flag that while Tony might not have been ordering assassinations, someone else might have been.
"Oh damn," MJ said.  "I meant to ask the next person who went to the bar to bring me water."
A wave of dizziness nearly dragged the entire network out of his grasp, and it took all of his control not to let it show on his face. He dropped the local news channels and the police and emergency communications frequencies, everything but the museum's network and the armor, and breathed in slowly through his nose, willing it not to start bleeding.
Tony stared at him, the amusingly flabbergasted expression on his face more than worth surrendering a few blackmail-worthy details about Steve's past. "A six foot, three inch tall woman. And people actually fell for that?"
"But not Jan, right?" The words burst out before Clint could consider them.
She disengaged and stepped back to face him, her battered and grotesquely swollen face expressionless.   The spear's broad, silver head was covered in blood, and a smear of it blotted out the scratch on his shield, a streak of red through the center of the white star.
Cap wrapped one hand around the metal bar that formed the side of Tony's bed, gripping it so tightly that his knuckles turned white. "I'm right here." He said it very quietly, and for the first time, Clint felt as if he were intruding on something. He and Rhodey probably weren't supposed to be hearing this.
A quick, frantic scan of Tony's body revealed no visible injuries, and the water running off him was clear, with no pink tint of blood. Was this some side effect of recharging his heart? Had his legs given out, or…
Rhodey grinned. "That's because some of your exes scare me."
Getting the clothing on just reminded him of the ache in his shoulders and leg from spending hours chained to a wall.  Somehow, though transforming into Thor healed major injuries like the stab wound in his leg, it did nothing to erase exhaustion or sore muscles.  His bad leg would barely bend, and his knee felt like it might go out at any moment.
"I don't care how thorough it is," Tony snapped, glaring up at Hank. "I just want you to undo it." He was used to having to look up at Hank, but never when Hank was normal-sized. It was a new and not particularly pleasant experience.
It was so blindingly obvious in retrospect — who else would hire Sin to steal a book full of rituals on summoning chaos demons bare weeks after Chthon had been trapped just a thin dimensional wall away from the same chaos artifact Doom had tried to burn down half of Manhattan to acquire?
Doom's reply — something in Latverian that Steve didn't have to understand to know was a threat — was cut short by a scream of rage from Loki.
Hank."
Hank had already resigned himself to an hour or so of tedious and vaguely humiliating physical effort. The thought of Jan watching and enjoying the view made it a little more appealing, but not much.
Hank's eyebrows rose. "Clearly, your relationship with supervillains is different from mine."
"Are you going to answer the question about Registration? I spoke with you during the repeal process; I know how hard both of you worked to get the SHRA repealed, and how much New York City owes your entire team, both past and present."
"Who? Oh, him. Why would he be there? He's nobody important."
Steve.
Then he released Tony, straightened up, and followed the others out of the room.
Once he had the armor fixed, things would be back to normal, and he would stop expecting something to suddenly resurrect Loki's curse and change him back again.
"We'll find you some temporary quarters," Sharon was saying to Wanda.
"Because it's
"I know," Wanda admitted. "But I promised Tony that I would help him, and I need Stephen's help to do that. And after the twins... I think I need to try learning some new methods. I don't want to hurt Tony by accident, the way I..." The way she'd hurt the twins. The Sorcerer Supreme, the saying went, was as powerful as the god he channeled. The only otherworldly force Wanda could channel was Chthon, and that was one thing she would never willingly do again. No amount of additional magical power was worth risking possession once more. Using Mephisto's power had possible because Mephisto, as a demon, had been chaos aligned, but that had ended badly as well. The Vishanti, the main source of Strange's power, were too closely aligned with order for their assistance to be available to her; she had attempted, under Strange's guidance, to channel their power, and found herself unable to do so.
The lines of fire were still moving through the grass, slowly carving out what Tony, from his elevated vantage point, could now see was a giant, inverted pentagram.
"I had a hot woman on each arm tonight," Rhodes returned. "I think I'm plenty of fun."
Jan offered him a bright smile. "I was planning to."
"Even if it means your marriage won't be legal anymore?" Sam raised his eyebrows, the question serious rather than challenging.
That seemed to have an effect where Hank's attempts had failed. Hank's teammates, possibly working on the assumption that if Tony was being rude, he probably wasn't dying, obediently went the hell away, leaving just Tony, Hank, and a very uncomfortable looking Clint.
"You won't let him," Tony interrupted.
The man raised his eyebrows slightly at that, but nodded and hurried to the head of the evacuation line. He pushed open the door and started ushering people out, looking oddly like Sam's old high school principal as he instructed people to stay single file, and no pushing, please. After the first six or so men and women had gone out, he followed them, and a red-uniformed hotel staffer took over the door-holding position.
Tony shook his head. "I don't need any help," he said, the teasing note gone from his voice now. "Look, I have things to do. I'll be back upstairs for dinner, all right?"
Oh, God, what was he supposed to say? He'd never been all that good at comforting people or other things which required tact, and this was
This entire process would be exponentially faster if he could use the Extremis to access SHIELD's computers and satellite data rather than having to go about everything the long way, or if the mansion's computers were still in working order — not that he'd have been able to use them, with Steve being so ridiculously overprotective.
Carol raised her eyebrows. "Don't underestimate Tony. Or Hank. It would destroy them, but they'd do it."
"I'm out of power," Tony said conversationally. "Did I mention that?"
Last month, when they had attacked the Avengers Mansion and injured Hercules so badly that he had had to temporarily quit the team - and beaten up Jarvis, for which Steve was never ever going to forgive them - they had had the Wrecking Crew along for the ride.
ooOOoo
When the last of the tools rolled into his foot and was still, and the last echo of metal on concrete had died away, his head still hurt, his chest still had that odd, lurching flutter inside it, and he was still going to have to give up the Extremis or risk making himself unable to do the job when the team needed him.
That tape – just the thought of what must have been on it still made Tony want to cringe, let alone the thought of other people
Jarvis would be upset were he to break the mirror. Thor settled for turning his back on it and leaving the room in search of some place deeper within the tower, without mirrors or windows. He was careful not to look into any reflective surfaces on the way.
"Just because the questions she posed were justified doesn't mean her prediction that our team's going to fall apart is worth anything." That insinuation had been almost as bad as the blatant invasion of their privacy at the end of the article, and just as uncalled for. Steve tried a smile. "I won't let it. Not after all the time and effort we've put into getting this far."
Don raised his eyebrows, not bothering to hide his skepticism. "Pretending for a second that I believe you, which enemy?"
Clint beat uselessly at it with his bow, trying to pull it loose with his free hand, and Steve turned from Doom to help him.  The cloth slipped against his gloves, and it took all of his strength just to pull it a few inches away from Clint's throat.
"Don't you always?"
later. Or of ruling the worlds at his left hand."
Jan made a great show of thinking carefully about it . "The pint of Häagen-Dazs in the freezer door. The caramelized pear and toasted pecan flavor."
pulling your punches, and that I need to work on ducking."
"She's been sane for what, two days?" Sam shook his head, frowning. "What if Chthon planted some kind of trigger, made her a sleeper agent? She could be following his orders without even realizing it."
They nearly collided with Hank, Sam, and Jarvis as they entered the foyer. Hank was wearing a lab coat, and still had a micropipette clutched in one hand. Tony spared a moment to hope that the clear liquid dripping from it wasn't anything poisonous or corrosive. Then he saw the soot-covered figure in the doorway, and forgot about anything else.
They'd already started. The magazine wouldn't even hit newsstands until tomorrow morning, but going by the reaction to the internet article, which thus far seemed to consist of titillated snickering and indignant proclamations that Captain America wasn't gay and anyone who suggested otherwise was an anti-American terrorist, it was going to be an absolutely miserable media circus. Exactly the kind of thing they didn't have time for right now.
"If we try to blackmail or manipulate Loki into helping us without delivering payment, she's going to try and kill us all." Sam's voice, less angry than the others.
"He argues with you," Sam held up one finger, "he won't put up with you trying to boss him around," another finger, "and you think you need to save him." He flourished three fingers at Steve as if they were evidence of something.
“You must be tired.  No one can sneak on these floors.” She knocked the heel of one boot against the metal deck plating, the impact making a sharp, metallic sound.
"Strange is just about finished with his examination," Hank said, after a moment. "He wants to talk to you about his results."
Steve, noting how tightly he was gripping the case's handles, knew it must contain Tony's armor. He'd gotten it stripped down to the point of fitting inside a medium-sized briefcase again last month, and had been extremely smug about it.
Clint drew in a deep breath, sucked it up, and got into the elevator. It descended so quickly that his ears popped, the doors opening silently on mad scientist territory. He edged into the room, letting the doors slide shut behind him, trying to be as quiet as possible.
There was a small earring caught in the corner of the box, a silver ball on a straight post, missing the earring back. Sharon's. She'd helped him box up his stuff when he'd moved into the warehouse in Dumbo, then helped him unpack.
Steve sat up, leaning over Tony, and gave his shoulder a gentle shake.
"You are coming home tonight, though?" Steve sounded... hopeful? Plaintive?
Sam didn't reply, just nodded and took Tony from him, draping Tony's arm over his neck and wrapping his own arm around Tony waist. Then his hard-light wings snapped out, and he stepped out the window.
still present somehow. His own personal stake in the matter didn't change that. "I can't leave the team right now, not even for this. Not unless Sin starts spreading her attacks beyond SHIELD. But if you need me--"
Right.  Matt was officially  Not Daredevil again.  On the other hand, everyone at the table knew his  identity perfectly well.  "Oh," Peter said, "are we still pretending we  don't know?  Fine. I mean Matt Murdock.  Matt Murdock, who is in no way  secretly Daredevil, sleeps in his law partner's t-shirts."
He looked good – he always did, in formal wear – no longer pale or drawn and tired from pain.  There were still bandages under that expensive suit, though the staples and stitches had already come out, and he was still moving stiffly, but he was in better shape than any normal person who’d had a spear shoved into his gut and broken two ribs less than a month ago had any right to be.
Tony didn't have time to dodge; he brought up one arm just in time to partially block the Doombot's blast, letting the armor's shielding absorb the force of it yet again.  It dropped his shielding capacity to 52%, but it was worth it to imagine the expression Doom was probably wearing under that mask when Tony dropped his arm and took another step forward, apparently untouched.
There was a bright flash in the corner of Steve's vision as Jan used her stingers on someone, followed by another ear-splitting rattle of gunfire. Steve kicked the knife out of the man's hand and looked up to see Sam flick one of his hard-light wings out in front of Clint, bullets ricocheting off it in a cascade of red sparks.
Steve pushing himself to his feet, ignoring the stab of pain in his side — it didn't feel sharp enough to be cracked ribs, probably only a bruise — and walked slowly to where Tony lay crumpled on the floor.
For all his willingness to serve as the government's tool, Tony would not have turned on Thor to save himself. To save others, though... That, Thor could believe, and Don with him.
"Norman Osborn?" Peter guessed hopefully. Fate was never that ironically kind to him, but a guy could dream.
The first cops and emergency personnel were just starting to arrive, with more sirens approaching in the distance, when Sam and Steve reached the building's tall, glass doors.
What he really wanted to do was go down to the Mansion's gym and beat the stuffing out of the heavy bag there until he could think about this calmly, but his shoulder was already bruised and sore as it was; putting himself through what would essentially be the second fight in a row right now would only make it worse, and could turn mere soreness into an actual injury.
Hormones, probably. His body kept discovering new ways to betray him.
"Good." Wanda's voice was quiet, but there was an odd fierceness to it. "I caused so much destruction, hurt so many people – without these seals, I could destroy the world." She tilted her head to one side, sweeping the heavy mass of her hair to one side to expose the glyphs tattooed at the base of her neck. "You have no idea how dangerous I'd be without this. Omega-level mutants are... unstoppable. You remember what happened to the Professor, and Jean."
"Leave it alone. He'll take your hand off if you stick it under there again."
Tony nodded, and then he unbuttoned his shirt, fingers clumsy. Steve would have offered to do it for him, but he didn't think Tony wanted any help at the moment.
From his position on the third-story window ledge of an apartment building across the street from it, Strange could sense the aura of malice that hung around the cathedral. It was thick, suffocating. Hungry.
Then she took a step backward, and vanished into thin air, her wide, unfriendly smile the last thing to disappear.
Cap stood up, taking a single step away from the bed. "Where is he? Is he still down there? Why hasn't he come up?"
So he was letting it drop, Steve guessed, waiting for Thor to slowly come around when he saw Tony being a good teammate, trying to work with him, and generally not being a mad scientist. Try hard enough, be smart enough, plan well enough, do things right, and success was inevitable – it was virtually Tony's motto, along with the assumption that if he wasn't successful, it was his fault for not foreseeing whatever had gone wrong and preventing it.
The energy bubble did, indeed, shock her when she tried to touch it.
"I just don't think that's a conversation Steve really needs to have right now." That possible interpretation of events didn't seem to have occurred to Steve, and Tony intended to keep it that way. Steve had enough to deal with in the wake of everything that had happened to him, without adding that.
It wasn't a bad idea; when Thomas examined the case, his nervousness and general hostility decreased to almost nothing, replaced by stiff professionalism. By the time Hank and Jan were walking him out, he was almost smiling.
Wanda was fully clothed, thank God, sitting on a lab bench with her back to him while Don put a collection of intimidating-looking medical equipment away.
"Just lie there quietly and focus on not hemorrhaging to death before we land," Hank told him. "Why didn't you tell anyone you were pregnant? How did you get pregnant? It shouldn't have been possible."
"He's fine, unless you count the part where he's a girl."
They were family again, now, but not one that Wanda had a place in. Not anymore.
"I'll tell them to send the Hulkbusters," Tony added.
Good. That was good. It was fortunate that Jan had been there; he had been next to useless. "Was anyone else hurt?" he asked, finding that he did, in fact have the energy to worry about things beyond Steve's presence. "Did I-"
Visiting hours were long over, and the hospital was filled with an early morning quiet; most of the other Avengers had long since gone home, leaving Steve and Hank to keep watch. A few hours ago, a young, black doctor with a USMC tattoo on his forearm had come in to look Tony over, and had suggested that Steve might also wish to leave. Steve had folded his arms and looked at the man for a long moment, at which he had rolled his eyes, and shook his head, but had left without further protest, and had not returned.
Steve himself was nowhere near winded yet, but he had broken a sweat. He really had missed this.
As she went from room to empty room, the conviction that she was not alone only grew. "This isn't right," she whispered to herself in growing frustration. "I shouldn't be here."
There was a soft sound behind her, someone's shoes scuffing against the floor.
Hank took a step back from the computers, clapping his hands together. "Okay," he said, "time to get to work. Safety gear, or you're both out." As he spoke, he pulled what looked like a doll's safety glasses and mask from the breast pocket of his lab coat, both of them growing smoothly to full size in his hands.
While Wanda was one of the teammates he could trust to actually say those words without lying, years spent around Tony, Carol, and Nick – who had taken weeks to admit that he could no longer see out of his left eye after taking that piece of shrapnel in the face – had him automatically turning his head to check.
"We're the exception to the rule," Coulson agreed with a warm smile. He loved the act of just settling in and enjoying their time together. It was a gentler side of Clint than the one he knew, and it was fantastic to see it. Compelling as Clint's usual brash manner was - it had, after all, been what caught his eye to start with - it was also nice to know they could share slow, lazy nights at home too. "I think we already knew that after the club. I'm fairly certain that was at least part ambush."
“In that case, you get as many home cooked meals as you want,” Steve answered with a broad smile. It was hard to believe they’d actually taken the step from light flirtation to actual dating, especially given the circumstances. He briefly closed a hand around Tony’s, then let the contact go so that they could both eat. “My mom taught me to cook when I was little. A lot of stuff around the house I couldn’t really help with, but that didn’t involve a lot of heavy lifting.”
Scott cried out, and even he didn't know if it was pleasure or pain. More than that, he wasn't sure it mattered. He took everything that Clint gave him and pushed back, asking for more. "Need it," he panted against the comforter. His well-fucked ass tightened around Clint, clenching as he thrust in as if to hold him there. Scott felt tears in his eyes, but he still didn't ask for mercy. Instead he did everything he could to incite Clint to move, to keep fucking him.
"And we don't find out until I try."
Steve stared at her in shock for a moment before nodding. “I will.” He opened the door softly as if afraid even that might disturb the man. Ducking his head in, Steve called, “Tony?” It hit him like a punch to the gut to see him in a hospital bed once again. It hurt to see him in pain, to see him vulnerable, and not to know whether it was okay to rush over and hug him or not. With no idea what to say Steve finally settled on, “How are you feeling?”
Tony obliged, relishing the way Steve writhed in answer. He waited until Steve stilled before repeated the process several times until watching the man squirm just wasn't enough. Tony withdrew his fingers and slicked some lube over himself before shifting to stand directly behind Steve, letting his cock rest between his lover's ass cheeks. "Ready for me?" he asked, shifting his hips lightly to tease them both.
Clint nodded, still trembling but reassured by the fact that Phil was still there with him. "Just don't... don't throw yourself on a grenade for me, alright? I can live with him-" Clint's voice failed, and he took a breath. "I just don't want you getting hurt more for my sake." His voice had a stricken tremor to it, but he sounded certain nonetheless. "Just... just be here for me. I just need you to be here and be as okay as you can be." Phil had always been his anchor. Even before they'd actually met in person, the man's voice had been a reassurance when missions had gotten ugly, when he'd needed a place to hide and someone to talk him to the nearest safe house. There was certainly a reason he'd been drawn to sleep on Phil's couch whenever he'd had a rough day or a bad dream. Clint was pretty sure that if Coulson completely broke down, he wouldn't be far behind.
Another short one that's more of an interlude. Sorry, sometimes that's just how these things happen ;)
Clint grinned. "I better sleep in my own room. People are gonna start talking," he teased, following Coulson down the hallway. He felt sore, wired, and about a million miles from ready to sleep, but he knew that was what he needed. Guess the pain pills are good news in this case. "Hopefully a couple of these puppies will make sure I'm not up all night watching reruns of Flip This House."
Scott held up his hands in surrender. "I didn't even know you could cook. If I get to see that in action, I'm willing to eat whatever comes so long as it won't kill me." He saw no reason to look a gift horse in the mouth. Scott's own cooking skills veered toward macaroni, sandwiches, and the odd microwave meal. While Logan worried about the food, he poured them both generous cups of coffee. "How do you take it?" If he'd ever paid any attention to Logan's habits before, Scott might have known already. They'd eaten breakfast at the same table together for the better part of two years, but he'd never bothered to take note. Scott did his best to shrug off a strange sensation of guilt at the realization.
"Well, maybe he is. Just... y'know...spells. Magic. Shit that doesn't exist," Logan replied. He hadn't expected Thor to be quite so... big.
"It freaks me out a little when you smile like that," Clint said, though he had a small smile of his own to offer in return. In truth, Coulson's ability to manage people and find information was astonishing to Clint. The guy could find anything that could be found. Coulson had a way of getting info from people that rivaled Nat's, though his methods were usually more straightforward. "You don't have any mutant powers of your own, do you?"
Tony hesitated for a moment, taking Loki in. The separation had been enough for him to think about the situation for a moment. He was giving himself over to a creature who had captured him, tortured his friends, killed hundreds, and was going to kill him. He couldn't quite bring himself to stop, though. With the idea in mind that he should enjoy what little he had left, Tony kicked his pants away and then reached out for the lithe, pale form before him. He wanted to forget all the things that had just crossed his mind, wanted to get lost in the sensations he knew Loki could elicit.
Though Steve lingered, it wasn't out of any sense of defiance. He knew he could take a hit from Bruce better than most, and he wasn't about to leave the room until it was cleared as best he could make it. "Keep Loki down," he shouted to Hulk. Steve was never sure exactly how much filtered through, but at least some shred of Bruce always seemed to remain - enough that only Thor had thus far been on the man's bad side in his alternate form. Carefully he put himself between Hulk, Loki and Hank and Phil. "Gentlemen, now's the time."
It was part of the image. He'd known that for a long time - decades, really, even if he hadn't been awake for many of them. Steve sighed and tried to smile politely as the man in front of him droned on and on about the bills he intended to put before Congress. It wasn't that Steve didn't care, precisely, but he hardly considered a party the appropriate venue for someone trying to curry political favor. //Reality's not on my side with this one.// As usual, he'd bowed to the wishes of his erstwhile handlers, donned a fancy suit that he'd been told was Armani and gone out into the fray to play politics.
The feral mutant groaned, torn. He wanted to slam his mouth to Scott's and pick right back up where they'd left off. He also wanted things to be normal for them, and he wasn't sure that this was the way to go about it. The muscles in his jaw worked as he fought the urge. Scott's pleading blue eyes and his almost broken-sounding plea were making it nearly impossible to resist. His hands slid up to thread through Scott's hair, tangling tightly in the soft strands as if he was going to pull Scott away from him. "Scott..." He was painfully aware of the man's hands on his thighs, the scent of his sweat. He growled, whether in frustration or out of arousal was unclear. He leaned in, lips a breath away from Scott's before he finally withdrew, side-stepping out from between Scott and the kitchen counter. He realized then that his 'interest' was definitely still clear. "I wanna do this the right way. Not sure what the 'right' way is, but it don't involve you bein' drunk the first time around."
Loki thrilled at the sound, at what it meant. It was a sound of desire and, thus, of surrender. Breaking the kiss for barely a breath, Loki drew his tunic off and tossed it aside before recapturing Stark's mouth. Loki had often wondered how mortals managed any real skill when it came to sex with so few years in which to learn it all. His pants riding low on his hips, Loki rocked himself against Stark. He was only half hard, the arousal building slowly. The entire scene was oddly quiet and gentle considering his normal trysts.
Clint had patiently waited while Phil cleaned up. He didn't want to see the damage, and he respected that the man wanted to keep what was left of his dignity. As Phil took his hand, Clint managed a faint smile. "Yeah, you don't get a choice in the matter. You know that, right? No more dying on my watch." He leaned in, hesitating for a moment before he pressed a soft kiss to Phil's lips, his fingers trailing lightly over his handler's jaw and neck. He felt the feverish skin next to the bite Creed had left and winced, looking at it. "Sorry! I didn't hurt you, did I?"
Clint decided it was best to ignore the weird thrill he got from having Coulson put cuffs on him, focusing on more immediate concerns instead. He couldn't help but smile a little when he saw Nat. He hated that she was still locked up, but she did seem to be doing better. Clint leaned against her cell door as if to get as close to the woman as he could. "We found the hammer. Even managed to get it before Loki, though just barely. These," he held up his wrists, "are probably because I happened to be the one to find it." He clenched his jaw and looked at the ground for a moment. "It... does things to a person, I guess," he said, glancing at Coulson as if hoping for a bit of help in explaining.
Scott wasn't turned off in the slightest by the force. Neither of them had to worry that anyone was driving the mental bus but them, and he trusted Logan. He sucked hard and continued stroking himself. By the time Logan could take no more, Scott couldn't either. He climbed up onto Logan's lap and began stroking faster. "Gimme your hand," he murmured, hips already jerking into his fist. "Touch me, Logan, please..."
The whole thing was starting to seem like a bad idea. Darien appreciated getting out, and the beer was actually pretty good considering the way the place looked, but he was getting decidedly uneasy about the men circling them. He wasn't sure whether they wanted to drag him or Clint back to the bathroom for a quickie, but their intentions weren't subtle. Finally a guy threw himself down on the stool next to Darien and leered at him with a mouth full of half-rotted teeth. "Hey, pretty, you wanna spend some time with a real man?"
Logan eyed the guards nervously as they stepped into Thor's inner chambers. There were more guards inside, and the situation looked like a potential shitshow right from the start.
Tony groaned and arched his head back at the skin-to-skin contact, his breath leaving him in a low groan as their cocks slid nicely against one another. He stared dumbly at Loki for a moment, admiring the look of arousal on the god's face, trying to absorb what he was saying. When it finally sank in, he nodded and grabbed for the bottle, slicking his hand thoroughly. Oily digits trailed down Loki's lower abdomen before wrapping first around his cock and then around Tony's. The billionaire didn't know for sure what Loki had planned, but he was willing to make some leaps based on their current positions. Grasping the god's lean, tight ass with both hands, he pulled Loki forward, rocking his own hips up to let their slicked cocks glide against one another. He leaned up for a kiss, making sure he had Loki's attention fully before letting his well lubed fingers glide between the god's buttocks, testing the waters.
She handed Clint the keys to the black SUV and then gave Logan a smile. "Since you can't get drunk, you get to be the default designated driver. Plus he won't be able to keep the keys from you if you decide to take them." Natasha deferred the front seat to Coulson and slid into the back alongside Scott and Logan. The pair of them were actually kind of adorable. She knew that a lot of Scott's lingering, his need to be close, came from what had happened to him over the past several months. She didn't comment on it. If taking comfort in Logan helped, she was all for it. Everyone needed to find their own way to drown their sorrows.
"Lucky for me, I have a lot of that on my hands," Bucky replied, returning Steve's smile with a soft grin of his own. He hated himself for feeling jealous, for wanting to keep Steve all to himself. The more he pushed, the needier he acted, the further away Steve would go. Taking a breath, Bucky reluctantly waved his best friend on his way. "I promise I'll be a good boy and behave," he said. "But, only if you promise not to worry about me and have a nice time." Saying that was painful. Bucky hid it well though, adding, "Maybe Agent Coulson will drop by and keep me company."
Logan tilted his head. "Don't haveta thank me, but you're welcome." He huffed out a quiet laugh. "I guess I'm just so used to shit bein' weird and changin' that I don't give it a second thought. Just par for the course in my world." He ruffled Scott's already-mussed hair. "But it is a little crazy soundin' when you put it that way. Guess tryin' to kick your ass was my way of sayin' 'call me, maybe'."
"Oh, I'm stag tonight," Tony commented with a nonchalant wave of his champagne flute. "But I don't intend to go home alone," he added, leaning in conspiratorially. Wearing a cocky half-smile, Tony pressed the extra glass into Steve's hand. "These shindigs aren't really my thing, but I had to put in an appearance. Boring, really. But you, my friend,” he paused, stabbing a finger at Steve's chest, "have just made this night a lot more interesting." Tony slugged down his champagne, casting his eyes over the room as if searching for something interesting. His attention returned to Steve, and he suggested airily, "Want to blow this pizza stand and come back to my place? I can promise you a better time."
Fury turned his monitor to face them and played a video showing Scott and Logan in one of the secure rooms on the lower levels. "That paperwork from Xavier? That says that without the visor, this shouldn't be possible."
Tony pointedly leaned forward over the table to get a good look at Scott, then sat back up to look at Logan, his expression making it clear he had all kinds of things to say about his assumptions.
Steve couldn't quite resist grabbing Tony's ass as the man typed in the security code to open his locked suite. "Type faster," he ordered in his best commander voice before smiling and sliding one of his hands into Tony's back pocket to add an extra layer of distraction.
His companion returned at that moment dragging a man behind him. He jerked at the arm of his captive and threw him to the floor in front of Logan. "Kneel," he barked.
Tony whimpered needfully as he rocked his hips against Steve's, gasping as their cocks slid perfectly together. "Never gonna... leave," he gasped in agreement to Steve's rambling. He buried his face into the wet skin of the blonde's neck, panting helplessly. He was far too eager to last long but he fully intended to spend the next day... or maybe week or month... curled up in Steve's arms, and he needed the release and the intimacy with his lover far too much to hold back.
"Slow," Tony decided without hesitation, then let out a long, low moan as Loki's fingers worked him open. The illusion was off on a lot of levels, but Tony did a decent job of not giving a damn. He wanted to forget all the fucked up things going on right then, and it wasn't hard to convince himself to do so. He squirmed against the sheets, making soft sounds of pleasure as skilled fingers worked him open. He started to ask to face the other man, but hesitated at even the subconscious thought of such intimacy with the illusion Loki had generated.
Scott let out a sigh of bliss and nodded. "Yes. Please? Yes. Something calming and stupid." He was the first to admit that there were times when he could be a real sucker for in depth period dramas and rambling documentaries. They were engrossing. The last thing Scott wanted for the moment was to be sucked in. He wanted to be transported. "Like, seriously, Disney? Pixar? Fluff. Raid Clint's stuff. Coulson mentioned him having a fetish for Pixar."
Loki cursed under his breath but rose. "Come, brother, I suspect we share a suite?" It was going to be a very special day in his personal hell.
"So are we, ma'am," Steve broke in, holding his hand out. He saw her hesitate, but soon Sif clasped his forearm, and he returned the gesture firmly. "I'm Steve Rogers. This is Bruce Banner, Natasha Romanoff, Melinda May, Logan, Scott Summers, and Nick Fury. We're the Avengers."
Bruce cringed. Clint looked more like a wounded animal than a person, cornered and terrified. He could relate to that on a very uncomfortable level. The scientist gently slid a hand onto Clint's shoulder. "Clint... Thor's not going to let him hurt anyone, and you don't need to hurt him. He's a prisoner. You don't kill prisoners in cold blood. That's not you," he insisted quietly, relieved when Clint seemed to relax and nod faintly, settling back on the edge of the gurney. "He did help you."
Clint raised an eyebrow at Coulson. "I... what?"
"Please tell me you're joking," Clint said, sporting a world-weary frown. Phil had a penchant for jibbing him with deadpan humor. Clint would have normally appreciated the attempt at levity. But his main focus of worry was Bucky Barnes doing exactly that: going berserk and killing someone. "Because if you're serious about bringing in someone fresh, we're both going to have our hands full keeping Fitz safe."
Tony knew he should say no, knew that the only thing he should be doing in his bed was sleeping, and only as much as he absolutely had to. He also knew that he wasn't about to say no. "Yeah, definitely," Tony agreed. He grasped Steve's chin in his hand, looking into bright blue eyes and smiling. "Matter of fact, if I don't come home tonight, promise you'll come save me. I don't think long-term Fitz-Simmons exposure's good for anyone." He knew Steve probably wanted to spend as little time out where people could see him as possible; Tony also wasn't willing to let his lover hide himself in Tony's room all day long. Especially when Tony wasn't in it. He leaned in for another slow kiss, resisting the urge to use his hold on Steve's hip to pull the man into his lap. He was pretty sure he wouldn't have the self discipline at that point to behave.
Scott just nodded in return. It wasn't like Logan needed further incentive or consent. They both wanted the same thing, both needed the reminder that they were alive and well. He'd spent a lot of time doing what was considered right. It was time to do something that felt good instead. "Let's make it to the bed first, though, huh? Not all of us are pros despite how you found me."
Clint took a seat next to Phil. Though neither of them spoke, it felt better being close to the man. It felt protected in some intrinsic way he didn't fully understand. They understood, and neither one of them would hold back if it came down to another fight. That knowledge was enough.
Clint paused and gave Phil a wary look. "That was pretty sociopathic. But thanks?" He turned back to the cabinet, jumping slightly to snag the croutons off the back of the top shelf. "Didn't know that being a handler involved feeding the asset, too. Does that mean you also take me for walks?" he wanted to know, plopping the croutons on the counter and dumping the salad mix in the bowl. He started cutting up some baby carrots to go with it. //This'll be the healthiest thing I've eaten in... a year. At least.//
Logan had to fight to hide a grimace as a memory flashed on the edge of his mind. Stryker, younger than Logan remembered last seeing him flashed before his mind’s eye. //"I'm putting together a special team... with special privileges..."// The mutant shook himself, then stood quickly from the bar. "No more teams. No more government bullshit. If you want someone to make an action figure out of, go find Scott Summers. He's prettier'n me anyway."
Clint woke the next morning with just enough hangover to make him grumpier than usual. He vaguely remembered dragging himself back to his room, but that was about it. He didn't bother shaving, but made sure to shower and brush his teeth. He pulled on a pair of track pants, a t-shirt and a gray sleeveless hoodie before staggering into the kitchen to make himself some coffee. //Where the hell is Rogers?// The Cap usually had them some coffee made. Then he recalled Stark being injured and remembered that Steve was likely still taking care of him.
Phil nodded gratefully. "More than. Thank you, Professor Xavier. We'll leave you be, and I appreciate your indulgence. This isn't an easy situation for any of us."
"I'd like that. And I might have been lying about the poison. I'm fairly certain I wouldn't hurt you unless I absolutely had to." In fact, he was completely certain of that fact. More than once Phil had found himself feeling grateful that Natasha had been the one to confront Clint instead of him despite how poorly his own simultaneous plan had gone. "I meant it about being welcome here, though. You are. Not that I suspect you'll be terribly interested in hanging out and watching me read or watch television or catch up on paperwork, but... the offer stands just the same."
"Barton, you got any adamantium in you?"
Clint's blue eyes strayed to the deadly blades, and even he had to allow himself raised eyebrows. "I'm good." He fixed his gaze on the distance again. "Thanks."
"I don't think I'd have much of a shot considering what you did back there," Darien answered with a shrug. He'd caught Clint's gaze lingering and couldn't help but smile. It never hurt to get noticed by a good-looking guy even if that guy did happen to be spattered with blood. That should have been a turn off. Darien was pretty sure that anyone with half a brain would be turned off by it. Instead it was kind of thrilling. He gave a slight shake of his head, musing at his own lack of self preservation instinct, and ventured, "Anyway, I'll play along. Haven't given the Agency much trouble yet, and those guys are douchebags."
Scott stared, dumbfounded. "Logan, you do realize you just said multiple nice things about me in a row, right? I'm kind of expecting you to get struck down by lightning or to learn that you're in the middle of a stroke. Can you even have a stroke?" He let the joke go and grew more serious. "Thank you. Seriously. I want to get back to that again. Maybe part of being stable was being part of something bigger, and once things fell apart with Jean... the X-Men wasn't the big picture for me, she was. I need a new picture."
Steve sighed and let his arms slide around Tony's waist. His annoyance eased almost at once, and he rested his forehead against Tony's. "Okay. You mine now? No ore for a few hours?" he teased in return. Steve couldn't resist another brief kiss before he drew back. "C'mon, let's go. Your punishment is me picking the movie."
Darien silently praised whatever gods might be listening for Clint's calloused hands hot and urgent on his cock. It was sexy as hell to watch Clint watching him. The guy had a predatory intensity mixed with a bizarrely flippant sense of humor. It all got wrapped up together to be beyond hot. He wished that the previous day's activity hadn't left him too sore to beg to be fucked properly, but that would have hurt like hell and not been particularly fun. Maybe another day, Darien thought hopefully. He was all for having a few good fuck buddies on the team given that most of his new companions looked like they'd stepped out of an underwear catalog. "Not gonna take much... watching you fuck my mouth was too sexy. You look so damn hot when you cum, Clint..."
“Me?” Steve felt his heart sink at the words. He’d certainly blamed himself for letting Tony get taken, but it hurt a lot more to think that Tony saw him as nothing but a reminder of being attacked. Shoulders slumped, Steve gave a slight shake of his head. “I don’t want to hear that, but if it’s what you’re feeling, then… then somebody needs to. I’d like it to be me.” He managed a wavering smile. “I miss you.” It wasn’t the time or place for a bigger confession, but Tony needed to know that Natasha and Clint weren’t the only ones looking out for him. “Somewhere along the way the time I spent with you started being the time I look forward to most. I hate not talking to you even if what we need to talk about’s not all that pleasant.” Still applying gentle pressure to Tony’s shoulder, Steve tried to lead him over to a couch littered with papers. “So let’s talk.”
Simmons offered an uncertain, somewhat apologetic smile "We're working on that too."
"I think I'd be okay with that." He liked the way Tony's eyes were shining, and he liked the taste of the wine on his tongue. Steve took a seat on the couch and patted the spot next to him. "C'mon, it's lonely over here." For however long they had before Loki surfaced, Steve wanted to be as close as possible to Tony. Once they were done with the wine, he intended fully to climb into the man's lap and not leave it until he absolutely had to. "And chilly without you. You don't want me catching cold, right?"
That was the Clint that she knew, and Natasha smiled. "I wish I could get a video of the look on his face when you say something. I already missed out getting yours." She sighed at her own lack of preparedness. "I really am tired if I missed an opportunity like that. Speaking of which, I need sleep. You can stay. I'd like you to stay, actually, but I need sleep. Lots of sleep. You look well rested, and that sort of sickens me at the moment, but you're warm." Natasha swung her legs off of the couch and rose, holding out a hand to Clint. "C'mon."
"Except that whole brother thing. He's definitely not dead." Tony gestured for another drink.
Clint couldn't help the twitch at the mention of the hammer. He'd nearly forgotten it in light of everything else that had happened.
Scott shuddered in the man's arms. He hadn't meant to fall apart, but once the tears started, it was hard to stop them. He supposed he'd probably been holding them in since long before everything that happened with Clint or Loki. Unable to form the words to tell Logan the things he wanted to, Scott clung tightly to his lover and let the tears flow. He sobbed until the sounds became harsh breaths instead and finally managed, "It isn't. Your fault, I mean. It isn't. Such a fucking mess," he mumbled before drawing back, heedless of the fact that he probably looked like death warmed over. "Did you mean what you said to Steve? Do you... do you still feel that way?"
It took no time at all for Loki to follow him, losing himself and cumming deep inside Stark's boneless form. The man was trembling against him in the most beautiful, vulnerable way. Loki savored the sight for awhile, stroking Tony's hair and licking a line of sweat from his chest before withdrawing. He made sure that Tony was watching before he let the glamour fall away. Fingers that were suddenly long and pale swept down through the mess on Tony's chest. "You are absolutely gorgeous when you let yourself go. It isn't hard to see why he became so attached."
"Best description I can come up with. It actually drains cellular energy. Normal person, it'd kill them with one or two trigger squeezes," Bruce explained, gesturing to the image floating in the room as Tony wrapped his arms around himself and sagged back into his wheelchair. "If I try it, the big guy turns up, makes a mess." He glanced at Tony. "We tried. With controls," he added before Coulson could protest.
Victor leaped out of the way as a massive fist smashed into the concrete right where he'd been a moment before. Digging his claws into tough green flesh, he scaled the Hulk's back like his feline namesake. "Raven! You summoned this thing! You get rid of it!" he roared, dodging his much slower opponent's attempts to catch him, but just barely.
Bruce managed a good laugh at that one. "Not to mention, Tony's at least as likely to say something soul-crushingly hurtful," he pointed out. "And I have the feeling that even if Loki doesn't respect his brother, he won't want me to have to let the other guy explain exactly why he needs to sit still." Bruce hated using the Hulk - //Being the Hulk...?// He wasn't sure how to put it. - with every fiber of his being. That didn't mean he didn't sometimes get a kick out of scaring the hell out of deserving individuals with the threat. Loki was definitely one of those he wasn't above terrorizing.
Scott shuddered, turned on more than he knew he could be by something as simple as hearing those words from Logan. "Need you too... fuck, Logan..." The man was running from his memories, but it was still flattering to some degree being the one Logan chose to run to. He swallowed hard and let a hand run over Logan's stubbled cheek and into his unruly hair. "Do it." He knew it was likely to hurt after the night before and given that they weren't exactly bothering to stop for a tube of lubricant, but there were worse things than a little hit of discomfort when it came to getting off. He was still at least a little slick from the night before. More than that, he damn well didn’t want to stop.
Victor looked entirely calm about the threat. "Maybe you're bein' too indirect?" he suggested. He actually smirked faintly at the sharp look he got from the god. "I mean, elaborate plans are great, but maybe you should just kill a few of 'em. Or some good ol' fashioned torture. I could help with that. I'm good at it," he said, smirking. "Especially that little shit agent of theirs and his pet archer. Or the little bastard in the tin can. Like to see how he'll do without his spangly sidekick."
Loki's 'children' had been monsters, one of them fated to slay Thor himself, again and again at every Ragnarok. The three of them had been as vicious as their sire, Fenris most especially. "I call you traitor because you are one. Go. I tire of listening to you."
Tony was still staring at him, something hot and desperate in his eyes. Then he wrapped a hand around the back of Steve's neck and pulled him forward into a kiss.
He was probably doing Steve a favor by staying here, intentional or not. He'd stopped sleeping in his own room at the mansion several weeks ago, after he'd proposed to Steve. Their relationship had been common knowledge by then, and sneaking back into his own room at night had seemed silly.
"Just do it," Steve ordered.
Then she turned and left, her footsteps loud on the bare metal of the deck plates.
"I wasn't exactly expecting it, either," she said. "I always thought you were as straight as they come."
"Because it's magic," Tony said, with faint sarcasm, just as Sam asked,
And the newspaper articles about himself and Tony were still coming out. When Jarvis had started screening or blocking all calls from the media, they'd started calling the West Coast and badgering Henry Hellrung instead, trying to get him to tell them the juicy details of his possibly hypothetical fling with Tony. Steve had carefully not asked Tony if there was any truth to the rumors, because he would undoubtedly have to work with Hellrung in the future, and having too much knowledge of anything that had happened between them would make that awkward. The tabloids seemed hell-bent on ruining Steve's deliberate ignorance, though.
"You left for DC," Steve said. He pressed an open-mouthed kiss on the corner of Tony's jaw, and slid his hand from behind Tony's neck, moving it to rest warm and solid on the center of Tony's chest. "I don't think we've thoroughly tested it."
"I've tried seeing if I could sense the book's location, but there's too much ambient chaos magic in the city now."  Wanda, sitting on the edge of one of the other beds, stared down at her hands, tracing one of the black patterns that covered the back of her left hand with a fingertip.  She had a butterfly bandage over her cheekbone, where a bruise had swollen and split the skin, and there were still tiny chunks of plaster in her hair.
"That... we can do that," she agreed, all intention of doing anything else forgotten in the pleasure of him being whole and apparently happy. She eyed Loki over his shoulder and was surprised after all she'd heard and read to see him standing placidly and waiting. "Captain, could you remove the armor? I'd like to give you a look too."
Clint actually managed a few good laughs at the whole stupid movie. It felt good to just enjoy something so goofy. He even forgot about maintaining proper 'guy space' and sat up properly in his chair. Oblivious to the effect it might have, he sat back in his seat, shoulder-to-shoulder with Phil as the movie wound down. As the lights came up, he grinned at his companion. "Man, I needed that. You notice that one guy that looked like Stark's younger brother? Weird."
Steve hadn't been expected something quite so blunt off the bat, and it took him a second to formulate a reply. "First of all, I'm not gay. I'm attracted to men and women. Secondly, I haven't been hiding anything. Not anymore. I'm sure we're all aware that when I was first in the media spotlight, being anything but straight was frowned on, so I kept things quiet back then. One of the most amazing things to me seeing how society has changed has been seeing how accepting people can be. I know they aren't all that way, and it's not all perfect, but it's a long way from what I knew. So, no, there hasn't been any hiding. To be honest, last night's the first time since I woke up that I've had the time to just sit back and have a little fun."
Hearing that brought out a warmer smile from Bucky. He felt more confident and less worried once Steve voiced his support. "I'm gonna hold you to that," he said jokingly. Steve had never been one to break a promise, and Bucky had no doubt that his best friend would see to it he had the best possible care. He gazed at the other man for a long moment. There was so much to say. Not wanting to pry, but curious all the same, Bucky asked softly, "How did things go with Tony?"
In which things maybe aren't that bad, reunions happen, and Loki asks for a favor.
"You're smiling. I'm pretty okay with that as payment. Stark, stop pretending you need the seat and vacate." Coulson gestured to Steve. "He needs it more."
Clint's breath huffed out through his nostrils as Nat drew away, watching her with hungry, chastened eyes, though a moment later he smirked faintly at the jab she made at Darien. It was a complete turnaround from the self-assured, reckless bravado Clint had shown Darien so far. He wanted her, then and there, but he knew better than to make demands. He settled for closing the renewed distance between himself and the leather-clad redhead, close enough to let her feel the heat from his body. Remembering then that Nat wasn't the only one in the room and that Darien had suggested leaving, the archer looked sharply at the other man. "I didn't say you could go," he snapped, his gaze immediately hardening.
"I thought we remembered that a bit differently," Clint replied, almost dizzy with pure relief to hear the woman's voice. Knowing she needed more than stupid jokes, though, he kissed her hand. "It was our first SHIELD mission together. We got pinned down when our contact turned rogue and blew out our comms. We were surrounded. We finally managed to quit arguing with each other long enough to get out alive. I had a sprained ankle, and you somehow managed to halfway carry my ass to the LZ for exfil," he recounted, hoping that the words could help calm her. He wanted to demand to know what had happened, but he knew it was more stress than the woman needed in the moment.
Natasha stiffened at the news, her gaze narrowed. She tensed and then sighed, leaning against the wall. There were a lot of potential reasons, a lot of explanations. "Let's keep that between us for now," she finally decided. Steve didn't need to hear it unless Tony had been forced. Even considering the implications of the alternative, she didn't hope for that. "Right now let's all be happy he's alive. We can worry about him having terrible coping skills and making awful life choices later." Natasha pushed herself off the wall and started back toward the elevator. "You should rest too. I can spell Scott giving Lady Sif something to do. You boys deserve the downtime as much as anyone."
In which we find out how Steve is doing, and it's not all good news.
Tony spun around on the barstool and leaned back against the bar, placing both arms on it. "Hey, you said a nice bar, Steve. You said *nothing* about women." He looked to Logan. "And you... could stand to relax. I mean, you're nearly immortal. You going to spend another two or three hundred years batting for just one team? Sounds like it'd get dull," he pointed out as a drink was put into his hand.
Logan had to grin as he watched Steve turn all the shades of red in the book, but he had the decency to not make it worse by commenting. His instincts about Steve's interest in Stark definitely seemed to be proving true. //Wonder how Tony managed to sneak all those guys past blondie. Or maybe 'why' would be a better question.// Stark didn't seem like the type to be unselfish. He was narcissistic, brilliant, self-destructive, an asshole, and nothing about him said 'considerate'.
Tony grinned, stripping down to a pair of boxer briefs and following. He took a moment to stare at the creature he'd have easily believed was as much of a god as Thor before pouncing on the blonde. Fingers shaking with excitement-and perhaps a little disbelief-tangled in soft blonde locks as Tony pressed his lips to Steve's. His tongue danced eagerly against the other man's, darting over every plane and tasting every crevice.
Tony started to answer the could just head up to one of the R&D floors and get them to use the latest bio-foam or skin glue or whatever the biologists had pulled out of their asses, then realized that something like that would have to be explained to people. //And I hate having to explain myself.// "Jarvis?"
"I was really just trying not to think about it," Tony answered, trying to keep his breathing even. He wondered how long it would take for Loki to get tired of him. If the god even would. Loki struck him as the sort to keep trophies. Especially the living kind. "You think no one's going to come for your other two prisoners? Because I don't know if you've noticed yet or not, but the Avengers have a way of taking it personally when you kill one of their own. Even temporarily." He knew he might well be digging himself in a world of hurt by continuing to taunt the Asgardian, but it kept him from losing his mind to the realization that not only was he not going to get rescued but Loki had free license to use him however he saw fit.
Clint practically purred at Nat's touch, the muscles in his arms flexing prominently as he shifted his weight. He licked his way lower, his tongue dipping into her wetness as he slid a hand under one of her knees, pushing her leg up to give him better access. He lapped loudly at her insides, squirming a bit against the bed as he thought of being inside her. His cock was beginning to strain against tight leather pants, but he ignored his own desire, revelling instead in his chance to please the beautiful woman before him. He relished the way she taunted Darien, the idea of the man watching with no chance at getting to play.
"This is where it gets fun." Bobby quickly iced the door they'd come in through shut. "Should buy us a second or two. Let's see if we can find the hammer before they find us."
Victor, meanwhile, was sneering at Coulson. "Well, I've got half o' what I want. The other half is you comin' with us. Loki ain't too happy with the pair o' you, and I guess he wants to 'discuss' it with ya. So he's having me collect you both." His free hand pinned Clint's left hand as the archer squirmed. "He wasn't too specific on condition, but I got the feeling he'd like ya alive." He looked back up at Coulson. "That is, assumin' you play along."
Clint settled calmly back down next to Darien and rested a hand on the man's knee, giving it a possessive squeeze as he picked up his beer again, looking oddly content and pleased with himself.
It hadn't helped that Steve had gone directly to sickbay with Tony, but Clint couldn't blame the man. If it had been Nat... Well, she'd stayed at his side, even after he'd tried to kill her.
Soon was fine by Steve. Given all the teasing he'd done it would have been cruel to try to make Tony wait, and they could always go again after he had a chance to catch his breath. Rather than reply aloud, Steve simply sucked harder and moved faster. He also held onto Tony's hips just a fraction tighter to keep him from twisting around too much when he came.
Logan couldn't resist the urge to steal one more quick kiss. He wanted to ask Scott what Loki had done, what had happened, if Scott had noticed any difference, but that seemed a bit too much like admitting to what he'd done, or at least inviting questions about it that would have forced him to either admit it or lie. He knew Scott wouldn't approve. "Gimme a few minutes," he said, hesitating a moment longer before pulling himself away from the other man.
"I think your gut's trying to tell you something," Bruce pointed out. "You should probably feed it."
It took very little motivation to get Darien on board. He reached for Clint's belt and was dragging it open and tugging down his pants and underwear in a heartbeat. Maybe he was in over his head, but he knew what he was doing. He doubted he could show Clint up, but he could definitely surprise him. Darien's mouth was on the other man's hardening cock before Clint had a chance to order the move. He sucked every last inch into his mouth and let his tongue play over the head as he withdrew. Normally Darien would have stopped to make at least one smartass remark, but the warning glint in Clint's eyes told him that would be a very bad call.
Bruce shook his head. "We might have to ask Thor. I have a feeling Loki won't want to talk about it." He flipped through the video of Loki's appearance in Stuttgart. "Maybe that's it," he pointed out as the images showed Loki using his illusory capabilities. "He can project images of himself. Maybe he can alter his appearance, as well. He can obviously change what he's wearing. Maybe he can hide injuries and whatnot as well. That'd be pretty handy for someone posing as a god. Gods don't bleed."
After submitting the report, Logan shut the terminal down, stood, and stretched, then quickly returned to the living room. He raised an eyebrow and smirked faintly at Scott, crossing his arms over his chest. "Alright, paper work's done. You were sayin'?"
Natasha took her hand away from the gun in her thigh holster as some of the tension drained from the room. It was a good thing that Steve wasn't stepping down. Physically changed or not, the man was still the glue that kept them from falling apart. "C'mon, Stark. Play nice. The lab rats would be pretty sad if they didn't get to play with your toys anymore." She tried to make the words sound casual, but only an idiot would think they really were.
"My priorities are... shifting," Loki allowed carefully. He was walking a thin line, and being honest with Stark was more difficult than he'd anticipated. The lies had become an armor of sorts. Going without them was almost physically painful. "I think it's becoming painfully clear that whether I deserve to rule or not, my brother is the only one who will ever sit upon a throne. What I want, Mr. Stark," he grated out, "is to stop running. I'd like to enjoy myself even if it means following a rule or two this time. To put it simply: I'm tired. I'd thought that this... the Brotherhood and the borrowed technology, that it would... but it doesn't make a difference, does it?"
Don't panic. Well, about a long wait, anyway. I have the first five chapters of Part 2 edited already, so it should be going up in a timely fashion.
"We are not here for gain!" Zemo flung his cloak back over one shoulder and struck a dramatic pose, glue gun aimed squarely at Steve. "I swore I would be avenged on you, Captain, and so I shall! What my team has not accomplished, the powers of chaos will do for us!"
"You're right," he told Steve. "The bleeding should be slowing by now."
Steve closed his eyes again and went limp, trying to catch his breath.  Not real, he told himself.  Bucky was fine; he'd seen him just a few hours ago.  There was no smoke, no blood, nothing wrong with his lungs, and whatever Doom had done to bring him back, it hadn't been like that.  He didn't remember it, couldn't remember it.  He'd been dead.
"Yes," Carol said. "And once upon a time, you wouldn't have sided with evil."
He wouldn't have blackmailed Wanda into having sex with him in exchange for letting her go, would he?
“I could have brought him back.”
Tony was probably exhausted from his week in DC, Steve told himself. Left to his own devices, he probably hadn't been getting enough sleep. Steve could sympathize; he hadn't slept in over twenty-four hours now, and his eyes felt gritty and tired. He'd expected to be sleeping with Tony again last night.
"He deserved it," Sam grunted, as he tried to keep an invader's gun pointed at the ceiling.  He was white, of course — all of them were white — and nearly as tall as Sam was, packed with muscle despite the fact that the blond stubble on his chin was patchy with youth.
"I suppose it's too late to talk you into eloping to Vegas?" Tony's hair was a mess, half of it sticking up and the rest hanging in his face, and the mark Steve's had left at the base of his throat was already turning a nice, incriminating red. He wasn't going to bother to wear a shirt with a collar that would cover it tomorrow, either; Tony didn't care who knew that he'd been having sex. In fact, Steve was starting to suspect that he
Sin sneered, the expression giving her the look of the sullen adolescent she all too frequently acted like. "I understand that doing nothing seems to be your entire plan lately. Are we going to sit around and wait until Strange or Murdock die of old age? You said we only had until March before the spear's power would be 'lost to you forever.'" She parroted his own words back at him with a mocking lilt.
"And he sent you to fetch me?"
"Well, it's flattering, in a weird kind of way. I'll give them that."
"All right," Clint said, pouring himself another glass of soda, "so who's turn is it now? And can I just point out how lame it is that we're playing a drinking game with diet soda?"
Steve broke off, his next words vanishing on his tongue as he realized exactly what he had just said. He had never said "I love you" to Tony, never been sure how to say it, and for a few hours yesterday, he been afraid that he would never get the chance to. The words were out there now, hanging in the air between them.
Tony resisted the urge to check the latches on his briefcase and reached for the door knocker.
His hands looked small now, delicate, with long, thin fingers that didn't look like they belonged to him. The tiny red burn he'd given himself last week welding a new faceplate onto his helmet was still there, though, halfway down the length of his left index finger.
"I can do it, if you want," Tony said, at the same time that Peter said,
"I've cleaned all the glass out of you," Tony said, addressing the metal boot in his hands. "Why are you still not working? What else is wrong with you?"
Of course, it wasn't necessarily bad driving on the would-be robber's part that had caused this. According to the police databases and radio frequencies Tony had been watching, traffic accidents were yet another thing that had increased in the vicinity of the cathedral, like muggings, domestic violence calls, and a bunch of other petty, every-day evils that superheroes could do nothing to stop.
Instead, Wanda bent down and seized a twisted chunk of metal that had until minutes ago been part of a Doombot's torso.  Taking a page from Steve's book, she threw it at the closest Doombot like a discus.
"Here you go." Tony handed it back. "That's the closest functional camera to the crime scene. Hit the star key, and you can switch to the next camera over. If someone calls, let it ring, because as soon as you either close the phone or answer a phone call, the program will terminate and erase itself from your phone."
Don stepped sideways, giving himself a clear view of Loki once more. "Speak with me about what?"
"I hear you."  Sam drew his feet up onto the couch and sat cross-legged, foiling the cat's attempts to bite and kick at his other foot.  "Tony might be able to track them through the sensor readings we sent him."
"Sure," Steve said, trying to keep the smug triumph he felt off his face. He'd lent Tony clothing before, once or twice, and certainly wasn't going to start objecting to the idea now. Tony looked good in t-shirts and jeans.
Wanda gave him an annoyed look, and he belated realized that maybe it would have been wiser not to point out that the Helicarrier was, in fact, slightly safer than the mansion at the moment, though it was obvious enough that Steve wouldn't really have needed the confirmation.  A moving target was always harder to hit than a stationary one.
The silence should have been excruciating, but something about it was oddly comforting.  At some point, Clint realized, he’d stopped feeling so uncomfortable around her.  Stopped picturing that night in Transia whenever he looked at her, remembering it whenever she touched him.
Wanda was not there. Once upon a time, she would have been out there reminding Clint that spying on one's teammates was juvenile and silly, all the while elbowing him out of the way so that she could have a chance to listen at the keyhole.
The woman on the left dropped her Museum of Natural History giftshop bag onto the pavement, a pair of stuffed dinosaurs spilling out of it, and turned on Steve, hissing. The last few square inches of dark brown skin visible on her face disappeared beneath a wave of oily black, and eight inches of tongue lolled out of her mouth, twisting in midair like a snake's.
"Happy's married," Tony objected, pointing out what was only a small fraction of the many, many things terribly wrong with this idea. "And I can't take an employee to this."
"That's a nicely restrained summation, Mr. Rogers, but there must have been more to it than that." Ben turned to Tony, his eyes serious. "I spoke to you after Mr. Rogers' death, Mr. Stark. I came in to this interview expecting to hear that the two of you had been involved since well before that point."
He shouldn't have stopped monitoring the security systems; if he'd kept an eye on it non-stop, he would have seen this coming.
"Jack started it," Steve mumbled, his entire face aflame. "He looked so lost all the time, and… saying no would have been like kicking a puppy." Actually verbalizing the reasons made them sound even flimsier, and even more like he'd taken advantage of Jack's obvious and occasionally embarrassing case of hero worship.
There were times when Peter thought he'd almost be willing to sell his soul to get his secret identity back. For one thing, the New York State school board had decided that, as a superhero, his schedule was just too "unreliable" to consider re-hiring him. It was a good thing Ben Urich had apparently blackmailed Jameson into offering him his old job back, even if J.J. did insist on calling him "Spiderman" instead of "Parker" and lecturing him on how his deceitfulness and lies were "everything that was wrong with the youth of America" every time Peter entered his office. Without the
"I understand that, but before we get to that, I'd like your permission to restrain Mr. Stark. Before he became non-responsive, he pulled all of his IV lines and monitor feeds out, and there's still a chance that he might become violent."
. I mean, we all know what they're like."
"Why?" Clint asked, abruptly looking hunted again. "You think he'd be mad at me?"
Sam was right; he'd known for weeks that he was probably going to have to intervene eventually, before the teams' communication problems came back to bite them in the ass in the field. He'd just hoped he wouldn't have to.
Steve turned away with an inarticulate noise of frustration.  He looked as if he were contemplating kicking something.
Hank went still, the last traces of that manic enthusiasm draining out of his posture. Or maybe it was just normal science enthusiasm. Either way, it was gone now. "What's wrong with you?"
"No!" the child screamed. "I want to stay with you!"
"I see Pepper managed to get you out the door in time," Steve said, grinning at him. "I'm impressed." He stood, and pulled out a chair for Tony.
Peter and Luke were still alive, Strange had assured them of that, but he'd also said that he'd called an ambulance, and given no further details, his astral form fading out of sight seconds after telling them that he'd meet them at Time Square.
She'd last been seen with Red Skull, but had dropped off the radar shortly before Steve had come back. Why make her move against Sharon and Barnes now? Crossbones had been dead for three months.
Rhodey made a face. "I'm not touching that one." He shook his head slightly, and added, "Pepper got to you first, huh?"
"I would have noticed that," the Night Nurse said, voice sharpening. "I don't need your assistance to do my job any more than I need his."
"No," Wanda agreed.  "Doom's one of the people who wouldn't exist in her father's perfect world."
"The floor is covered with my armor," Tony gasped, breaking the next kiss for a moment in order to say it. "We can't do this here." Actually, he realized, the door had a lock that only he could open and he'd told Pepper not to let anyone else into his office. She wouldn't have let Steve in if she hadn't decided that it would be good for Tony to talk to him.
Some of the things they had lost could never be recovered, but Steve had never dared to hope that they would be able to salvage this much, to build something new out of the ashes. He'd certainly never expected anything as miraculous as Clint's return, or Thor's -- even though he might still be avoiding them, just knowing that he was alive was like having a weight that Steve hadn't even known was there lifted off his shoulders.
Tony ought to have objected to the term boyfriend, given that it made it sound as if he actually were a woman, but all he could do was grin.
He shuffled backwards, farther under the table, and jerked the table cloth down, hiding them from view.
Steve sighed. "If we kicked everyone off the team who might potentially have had a supervillain planting suggestions in their head, the only people left at this table would be Jan and Thor."
"You and Hawkeye fought most admirably," Thor added. "I would not have been able to recover all the vials if you had not bought us the extra time in which to do so."
Maybe if he told himself that often enough, it would get easier.
Clint shook his head slightly. "Considering how lovey-dovey it looks when any of you guys fly while carrying someone, and considering the camera crews right over there and how much fun the media had debating whether or not you'd ever slept with Henry Hellrung, I think I'll wait for the Quinjet."
Jan wouldn't have thrown them out or killed them, would she? Maybe she'd let them go outside. It would have been perfectly safe to do so. They had only been
"It's a good thing you got the armor off when you did," Rhodey said. He was still in the doorway, looking mildly uncomfortable. "The way some of those people were losing it... There was a kid with cybernetic enhancements at Camp Hammond who was exposed to something similar. She accidentally blasted another student and killed him." He grimaced. "That would have killed Tony."
Steve cleared his throat, and Tony's head came up with a startled jerk.
Tony was too surprised to push him away; he fell into the kiss just as he always had.
Wanda wanted to say.
"Both," Steve managed to force out, after far too long a silence.
“Neither have I,” Don said absently, as he began reading his way through the recorded vital signs, medications given, and other information.  Most of the chart had been filled out by someone with blissfully legible handwriting, so it didn’t take very long.
"No," Steve voice was firm enough to quell all doubt. "You kept several people from stabbing each other and stopped a few more from jumping out the window. And if you hadn't shut down the ventilation system, things would have been much worse."
should do, as well. Maybe this
He had gained a new appreciation for the stimulating possibilities of open source software during the seminar where they'd first met.
"He doesn't do it if he thinks someone's watching." She leaned forward, lowering her voice, and added, "Wanda and I used to sneak into the monitor room to watch him any time he went in to practice by himself, on the off chance that he'd start dancing."
"Congratulations." Steve toasted Tony with his water glass.
"You knew by the second time he zapped you."
They had no idea what the substance the people in the building had been exposed to, or how widespread the contamination was -- all they had was Jan's alarmingly vague description. If they were lucky, whatever it was had only been released on the top floor. If they were unlucky, the building had one those ventilation systems that recycled air from room to room, and the toxin had been vented into every part of the building by now.
He looked terrible, his face pale and his eyes slitted against the light. There were smears of blood beneath his nose and on his lips, his goatee failing to hide them.
went red.  It was almost awe-inspiring; Peter hadn't even known Captain America could blush.
Forward momentum kept Don stumbling forward a step despite his attempt to stop, and only the Falcon's hand on his arm kept him from smacking straight into Tony.
"You're on time," Strange observed. "Good. We have a lot of work to do." Before Wanda could ask any of the numerous questions she had for him, he continued, "Before we can do anything else, we must first gauge the extant of your training."
"No, I mean actually as a woman." Her eyes sparkled with a light that was positively gleeful. "Rock the dress and the make-up and the whole nine yards. Take that chauffer of yours as a date, or find some other poor sap who owes you a favor and make him do it."
Peter didn't have to go as far as he expected to locate MJ. She was at the nurses' station, arguing with the nurse Peter had talked to earlier. "Look, I promise I'm not a reporter."
The air around the altar blurred and rippled, and then a spear was lying across it lengthwise, glowing with a faint, green light.
He wasn't even sure if his presence was welcome - Tony wasn't even looking at him. He was still staring down at his own hands, as he had been since he's woken up an hour ago and been pronounced unharmed by Don.
to destroy the world, now that her father's dead.  How much does she actually care about Red Skull's goals at this point?"
"No," Carol agreed, "we're talking about Wanda. We screwed up, big time. We should have gone to get her as soon as Clint came back and we knew where she was. We shouldn't have let Chthon take her in the first place. But we did, and he did, and if he gets his hooks into her again, he could turn Manhattan into a smocking crater."
For a moment, he could see the gently curving lines of Tony's naked back again, pale and smooth against the dark fabric of that stupid dress, remembered how Ton's body had felt against his. How he had tasted.
Steve nodded. "Mine as well." No surprise there; he hadn't hesitated for so much as a moment at Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum before offering his – their – help.
The Night Nurse grimaced. "Only in his own mind, unfortunately."
Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy all stared at him blankly, until Pepper finally broke the silence.
Sin's eyes narrowed to slits, the pouty adolescent façade cracking and falling away. "I want blood, Victor. I want the vengeance you promised me. I want my father and Brock back, and I want to watch my father's glorious Reich rise from the ashes of this filthy country." She took a deep breath, and her voice was reasonable again, even sweet. "But I'd settle for some kind of progress. Give me results, or you can find someone else to fetch the spear for you. I think Zola is still out there somewhere."
"Neither does she, other than that he used her to manipulate Clint." 'Manipulate,' another vague word. Carol rubbed at her arms for a moment, the gesture understated enough that it was probably unconscious. She had taken her gloves off, though her mask was still on, and Jan could see her bitten-off nails, one of them torn halfway across the nail bed where she had broken it moving pieces of rubble. If she offered to loan her a pair of nail scissors, or the name of a good manicurist, Carol would probably look at her blankly and turn her down.
Steve wanted to tell her that he was proud of her, but that would have been patronizing. He was, though. He had known people who had never recovered from a fraction of what Wanda had been through. It was one of the things he loved about his team; no matter what happened to them, they always got back up and kept going.
"Boys, don't fight," she cooed, and then, in a significantly less flirtatious voice, "Turn off the computers and get down here, Hank. Exercise is good for you."
Actually, that idea had possibilities beyond simply keeping Tony out of trouble. Not that that could actually stop him from using the Extremis, but that just meant Steve would have to put a little extra effort into distracting him.
"We're not doing a big wedding," Tony interrupted. "We'll be in a courtroom. Nobody's giving me away. You'd be the first person I'd ask after Jarvis, though, if I needed someone to."
"I was going to give you time," Clint said, "but then I was scarred for life by the sight of you and Hank making out, so now your time is up. If I give you much more time, you'll probably do something
Hill was frowning, visibly uncomfortable, though whether it was over his conversation with Sharon or being forced to listen to the gory details of Tony's health problems, he wasn't sure. "You do that. We'll handle the Doom angle. Agent Carter, I want you to go and talk to the personnel monitoring the Latverian Embassy. Get all their data from the past month; I want people going over it with a fine-toothed comb. I'm going to call Dugan. Madripoorian civil war or not, we need one of them back here."
Steve wouldn't let him. He kissed Tony again, hard, grinding his hips into Tony while Tony arched up to meet him. "I won't. You can't. You're mine." Neither of them was making any sense, he knew, but he didn't care. It didn't matter.
He heard Steve swear, so quietly that only Tony, standing right next to him, would be able to hear it, and revised the thought. Almost nothing good came without strings.
That was actually an understatement – Carol had asked him bluntly how he'd expected to deal with it when Loki stabbed them in the back at the worst possible time, and had added that she'd 'thought he was finished being deliberately self-sabotaging.' Loki, she'd insisted, couldn't be manipulated the way HUSAC could, or negotiated with like Gyrich or Koening. Tony couldn't even disagree with that; you could trust Henry Gyrich to keep a bargain, could trust Secretary Koening to do what he thought was best for national security even if what he thought was in the country's best interests was frequently not in your best interests, and even if he wasn't above using blackmail and threats to accomplish it. As little as Tony liked the man, he could at least respect him for that.
Sam, being more mature than Cap, did not whinily protest this or make faces at Clint.
Agatha was frowning, shaking her head. "You have a good heart, child. You would not wish your friend ill, no matter how much his circumstances pained you, how unfair you felt them to be."
Hank threw himself at the energy grid, shrinking down so fast that he almost seemed to disappear.  Then he was through, full-sized again, and slamming into the guard in a flying tackle that would have made Steve proud.
"You were supposed to. Chthon was influencing over half the town, warping their memories to make them accept my presence as if I had always been there." She hesitated for a moment, then her eyes narrowed as she added, "Warping my memories so that I thought so, too." She let go of Clint's arm, frowning now, but he didn't think the expression was meant for him. "He was manipulating everyone around me, by the end, including my brother, or Pietro would never have tried to create Magneto's filthy dream world. Compelling you to leave would have been child's play compared to that. So would making you want me."
Strange's seals had walled that away from her, too. Her powers were back under her conscious control again, he'd promised her. They wouldn't be as strong as they had been while Chthon had had her – he had forced her mutation to Omega levels, altered it to suit his whims until she could mold the world around her in ways that probability altering or chaos energy should never have been able to accomplish – but they were hers again, and if she had less energy to fuel her hexes, it was a small price to pay for freedom.
"I'm sure that's what he thought he was doing."
"No," Clint interrupted. "It wasn't that." He hadn't been able to bring himself to mention any of this to Cap, because he knew exactly how disappointed in him Steve would be, and he couldn't talk about it with Jan, because, well, he just couldn't. And he'd be damned if he'd admit any of it to Hank, after the way he'd gone after him for hitting Jan. There was Sam, but he treated Clint like he was Cap's stupid younger brother half the time. And Clint had only decided a week ago that he wasn't going to hold Tony's recent lapse into Big Brother is Watching insanity and inexplicable ability to turn Cap gay against him anymore. Mostly because the Big Brother thing had really been the government's fault, and, when he really thought about it, Cap had always been kind of gay.
She had agreed. Let the filthy Latverian gypsy think he had the upper hand; she didn't need new agents within SHIELD, because destroying Fury would cut off the snake's head and draw the organization's fangs.
"I should have it all back together in a couple of hours," Tony said. "I've got everything I need to upgrade the bootjets in my lab."
