Castiel blinked at him, and the look on his face reminded Dean of their night at the brothel—their first “last night of our lives.”
Dean had seduced and enchanted him so thoroughly and easily without even trying—from the moment Castiel had first seen him in Hell. Over the few short years they’d been together, the angel’s devotion to the “Righteous Man” had only grown exponentially—leading him to forsake his brethren, his Heaven, his life and his God just to be close.
Dean blinked. “Damn.” Cas shouldn’t say shit like that. “Uh, so,” he managed, “next time then. I’ll make it up to you.”
“Hey… you ok?” Dean reached into the back to grab his brother’s shoulder, as the angel helped him to sit up.
Castiel sighed. Dean was always changing the subject when conversations began to evoke emotions. Dean knew by now that Castiel really didn’t care how many looks ladies gave him.
Dean nursed the Impala up to the first pump and Sam bailed out before he’d rolled to a stop. “Got breakfast,” he tossed over his shoulder as he slammed the door—not before a blast of icy air filled the car again. Dean growled, watching Sam jog into the truck stop. The sun was just peeking above the horizon, and white clouds of exhaust billowed from the fleet of semis parked nearby, rumbling in the frigid dawn as their drivers loaded up on coffee and crullers.
“Dean,” Cas pleaded, calling out to his friend. “Please, please promise me you won’t blame Jack. You can’t blame Jack for this!”
, dude,” Dean finally growled, an edge of irritation to his voice. “There were strap-ons involved. Or one strap-on anyway, OK? Not something I’d recommend for your first time, though… we’re talking next-level, y’know?”
“Can I get some?” Dean blurted, instantly feeling silly—and, he realized, a little jealous. What the hell?
“Well, it ain’t. Most of the porn you see is just actors getting paid to act out some pervert’s fantasy. Real life is different.” Dean sat back and held Jack’s eye. “So listen. Most women don’t want to be treated like they’re in a porno. You need to respect them and ask for what you want like a gentleman. Sometimes they’re gonna say no, and you say ok. Sometimes they’re gonna say yes, and then you gotta be ready.” Dean leaned forward and pulled open Sam’s top drawer, fishing out the box of Trojans he knew his brother kept there, because he’d snaked a couple. He tossed the box at Jack.
“Shit… oh, shit…” Sam was hissing through his chattering teeth. With a flick of his wrist, Cas mojo-ed the door shut, but not before the car had lost every iota of heat remaining inside.
Dean sounded even more mightily annoyed, then he burst into stifled laughter. Cas wasn’t sure which was worse; it had been a long while since he’d felt more ignorant. “You
While Dean had to grudgingly admit that the kid had grown on him, he was impatient with Cas’ fixation on the boy.
“Stop it now,” Dean ordered. He inserted himself between Castiel and the sink, and put both hands on Cas’ shoulders. The angel was trembling. “Listen to me.”
“I’m not drunk enough for this,” Dean muttered, then sighed, hand on his hip. “But I don’t wanna wait that long.”
“I’m not afraid of water. And I don’t see any horses,” Cas said coolly, looking away. But he squatted down in front of Dean.
While Dean was busy talking, Cas quickly dipped his right hand between Dean’s legs, feeling the hard nub of the tick embedded in the softest part of Dean’s body
to him, more than any one-night stand—or even girlfriend—ever had… and more than he dared to admit. Even if Cas didn’t smite Dean for offering to blow him, he might just back off. He might reject Dean’s advances. He might withdraw his friendship, and…
For a moment or two, nobody moved. Sam let out a soft whimper… followed by a long, low moan. Dean stared curiously, but knew exactly what was going on. If anything could make a grown man moan like a little bitch, it was angel grace…
“I thought you’d never ask. Turn off the engine and come here,” Cas beckoned, and Dean turned the key, then slid into the middle of the seat, finding himself both eager and nervous as hell. With the engine stilled, all he could hear once again was the wind buffeting his baby. Castiel turned to face him, his knee pressing against Dean’s thigh, and suddenly Dean found himself in the angel’s arms. Cas had one hand on his shoulder, and with the other, he was unzipping Dean’s parka.
Cas thought fleetingly about the future Jack had shown him, and everything he hoped for all of them, despite the terror that likely lay ahead. He lifted his chin and gave the only logical reply.
“It can be our secret. But I refuse to forget. Last night felt… precious to me,” Cas finished softly. Something flickered across his face, and Dean thought he looked sad—just for a moment.
Cas thought up a lie and he thought it up quick. “Yes, Dean. I met some girls recently. Twins. One of them texted me tonight.”
“Jack,” he said, resting his hand on the nephilim’s shoulder. “I’m sorry if I seemed ungrateful tonight. I hope you understand that I’m very grateful. It’s all a bit of a shock, but I… I’ve done this before. And I’ll be fine.” He smiled. “Better than fine. You gave me a second chance. Thank you.”
Castiel began opening his tie, then unbuttoning his own shirt while Dean watched, panting, in the semi-darkness. He undid five buttons, then took one of Dean’s hands and slid it inside, against his breast. “Touch me,” the angel whispered.
Dean reached down and hauled the kid to his feet. Jack wavered, grabbing onto Dean’s arm for balance.
The Bunker was quiet. In the kitchen, Dean poked at a smoking hamburger patty while Sam mindlessly turned the pages of a well-worn dictionary.
Sam lifts his head. Lucifer does his best Irish jig right next to the vamp, making stupid faces. “Yeah, I’m Sam.”
Rowena glowed with raw power, red lips twisted in displeasure. “I want my due,” she hissed. “Since you got rid of the wisp,
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas replied amiably. “It is 8:16 a.m. and the weather report says it will be sunny.”
“Can you be ready to leave when we come get you?” Dean asks. “We’re going to break you out, then take you to the Bunker. Cas will transfer Lucifer to that vamp in the basement. Got it?”
When they finished eating, he gathered the plates into the kitchen and taught Jack how to use the dishwasher.
The drive home was short and euphoric. The stars lit up the curve of Cas’s jawline, his smile soft and genuine. Dean kept glancing at him, silently enraptured by the fact that he was
The doctor responded to Cas’s firm tone better than Dean’s desperate plea. She ushered Cas away with one of the nurses and a flurry of paperwork and allowed Dean to sit by Sam’s bed. After a myriad of blood pressure tests, pupil checks (“They already did that in the ambulance!” Dean protested), and other things that Dean had no clue the purpose of, the doctor finally gave Sam an oxygen mask and ordered everybody out. Dean had to pry Sam’s bloodless fingers off his arm to leave.
Sam climbs onto the bed, slowly. The footsteps grow louder. Lucifer watches silently, eyes shimmering amber in the moonlight.
“Hey!” Dean locked his panic away, deep inside his heart. He took a steadying breath. “What’s going on, Jack?”
Sam moved towards him. “No, Dean. Tell me,” Sam said. “You have to stop bottling things up.” He reached out, like he was going to hug Dean.
The two of them were still sitting next to each other at the table. Dean suddenly realised that they were very, very close.
The doctor looked grim. “We’ll have to run more tests in an hour or so, but here’s what we know. Your brother is having difficulty getting enough oxygen, so we have him on the mask and if his levels get low enough, we’ll have to intubate him. He’ll need stitches for the laceration of the head, and ice for the various contusions. I’d also like to x-ray his shoulder. It looks like it was dislocated recently?”
Jack looked up with mournful eyes. “You ran out of the kitchen again. I didn’t know if you were leaving or if something was wrong or…”
Sam traces the stitches, then pushes down, hard. The pain sears through Sam’s hand, sending streaks of electricity through his wrist and fingers. It’s sharp and jolting and unpleasant, but the exact opposite of the cottony feeling from the ward. It clears the fog, Lucifer flickering in and out.
“Let me sleep,” says Sam. Distantly, he thinks he’s begging, but he can’t find it in him to put much force in his voice. “Let me sleep,” he repeats.
“In a metaphorical sense,” Dean says, calming down. “He’s going to try transferring some of your—stuff—to someone else.”
“Jack,” Dean tried. His voice wobbled, betraying his calm facade. “Jack,” he said again, this time stronger. “Can you hear me? Can you tell me what’s happening?”
“Okay, okay, it’s okay,” Dean soothed. He wanted to punch something. The kid had just had a terrible museum day and he needed rest, not—well,
The brothers looked over to see Jack, his hand up in a Spock-like wave. Next to Dean, Sam wiped away any evidence of crying.
“They’re very hard to catch,” Jack said. “And their meat is tough. But the other version of you was good at making chromasaurus steaks.” His voice got smaller at the end.
The walls loom above him, the bed firm below him. Everything is all white and beige, like a puppy. Trapped in the ward with the Devil, Sam shivers in his white clothes on his white sheets and ignores the clicking of bones over beige walls, beige bed rails.
“Movie night? Or you could sleep? Or talk about…stuff? Or we could read, or play a game…” Sam trailed off, keeping himself slouched over the table. “It’s up to you.”
Dean peered over Cas’s shoulder to see his little brother regain consciousness like new. He wiped away his tears; Sammy always needed Dean’s game face. But as he thought about all that had happened, he figured that Sam could see him vulnerable and gestured him over. Cas held Dean tightly as Sam added himself to their embrace; together they had defeated an enemy that no one had survived before.
The younger Winchester walked into the kitchen, grocery bags stuffed with greens. “Hey, guys,” he said, offering a smile.
The angel’s face was grotesquely eaten through by tiny white maggots. Dried blood and plasma dotted eerily discoloured skin. Dean promptly threw up in the grass. He turned away from Cas’s body, that wretched disgusting replacement that was certainly not
Dean sighed in relief. Sam wiped his brow and took a few deep breaths from the oxygen mask. He gave Dean and Cas a reassuring thumbs up. Dean was just happy that Sam’s inhales were no longer the strained, rattled drags they had been.
but there was no more burning grace, no more devouring cold… and no more blackness. The Empty had gone.
He should remain calm, he thought. He shouldn’t upset Dean. Perhaps he shouldn’t even wake him. This was Castiel’s problem, the result of his own bargain—the deal he made to bring Jack back to them the first time. The Empty had refused to take him then—it said it would wait until he was
“It’s ok, Dean… it will be alright,” he tried to soothe. “It’s not after any of you—just me. Just… stay back. It’s ok.”
But Dean couldn’t rest. Everything he’d wanted to say to Cas in the past six weeks—hell, the past six years—was bubbling up inside him. Some tiny voice on a distant shore in the back of his head was crying
Castiel often accompanied Dean to the Suds Bucket. He found he liked this simple chore—sorting the clothing, spraying the stains, operating the machines, then taking the clean clothing out of the dryer and folding it carefully again before putting it back into the baskets. It was a satisfying and peaceful task with a beginning and an end, and it was another way to care for his friends. Touching each article of dirty clothing reminded him of time spent with them, and what they had accomplished or endured or enjoyed on that particular day—whether it was blood from a successful vampire hunt splashed across Sam’s shirt collar, or mustard from a cheeseburger on Dean’s favorite blue jeans.
Cas curled his fingers around the steering wheel, wishing he could touch Dean, reassure him. But this raw openness rarely happened face to face—unless alcohol was involved. He dropped his voice another octave. “We are bonded. There is nothing to be done about that but to surrender to it. I have already surrendered. When will you?”
Dean stared into his friend’s eyes; they always held an odd, faint glow only visible in the dark. Just enough to remind him that Cas wasn’t human. Tonight, though, he seemed more human than ever, his heart pounding beneath Dean’s hand.
They stood there a moment longer, until Cas realized Dean wasn’t moving because the angel was blocking the way. He stepped back and Dean strode past him, tossing the pillow back on the bed as he did so, then bending over rather extravagantly to pick up his towel.
dick—but he knew enough to know that you didn’t play with it on the bus. He couldn’t even remember what he’d said to his brother, but he’d definitely said
Between his spread thighs, Castiel’s cock stood full and flushed, blue-veined and pink-headed and fucking magnificent, and Dean’s mouth filled with saliva.
“So last night, did we, uh… did you really…” words failed him, and Dean made a loose gesture at his crotch, blushing furiously even as he did so.
Back in his bedroom at the bunker, he closed the door behind him and turned to Cas. “Just me and you now, buddy,” he told the angel. “And it’s your turn…”
Jack was here, Sam was here, Dean had welcomed him back—they were a Family again—and perhaps, with Billie on their side, they even had a chance to win this fight. They had hope, and they had love. It was all he could have wished for, and he was… happy.
A look of consternation crept over Cas’ features. “Oh, Dean,” he murmured, “your jaw is fractured. Why didn’t you tell me you were in such pain?”
Castiel’s hands floated to his chest, as if he could feel it. Well he could certainly feel something—all these emotions. Come to think of it, he was reacting the same way Jack had after visiting the garden and getting his soul back. Like a hot human mess.
Dean turned away from the boy’s penetrating gaze, searching the room for something else to focus on. Took another bracing breath. Time to nip this in the bud. “Listen – life is complicated,” he said quietly, “you’re finding that out.” His eyes lit on Castiel’s trench coat, folded neatly on the foot of the bed. “And sex just makes things more complicated – you’ll find that out, too. Sometimes you gotta make hard choices. Sometimes… you just gotta suck it up.”
Cas lifted a hand to the back of his vessel’s neck, which seemed to be tightening up. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “A strap-on
“I’m thinking…” he still stood very close to Castiel, keeping ahold of his wrist, and his eyes wandered over Cas’ face and down his chest. “I’m thinking I wanna know what it is you’ve been watching all these years that you think you wanna do with me,” he growled softly.
. Dean could feel his dick swelling, blood rushing hot to his groin in the cool water. He couldn’t help it—he looked down at Cas’ crotch, and the sight of the angel’s cock rising, too, punched a hard breath out of him. He pulled on Cas’ hand until his friend stood up toe-to-toe with him, then Dean grabbed him tight and kissed him hard. There in the lake, covered in goosebumps, mussels beneath his pruny toes, fish nibbling his leg hair, up to his nipples in water, Sam and Jack on the other side of the dock, he kissed his best friend like there was no tomorrow—kissed him like a horny teenager, rubbed up on him like a damn dog. Cas was all about it, mouth opening under Dean’s and hands clamping around Dean’s ass until he lifted his legs and wrapped them around the angel’s waist, and Cas was the one holding Dean in the water.
Excited to start sparring, Dean leans in. “Do you know what impressed me the most about you Cas? Getting from Pontiac, Illinois to Harvard on a cross country scholarship.”
Dean’s heart squeezes, painful and sharp, but tries to smile through it. “Where does he find the time?”
Cas pushes in past the ring of muscle, the feeling of fullness seeping into Dean’s brain. Cas moves slow, splitting Dean open with his dick, whispering devotion into Dean’s skin. As he buries to the hilt he brings Dean’s calves up onto his shoulders, kissing the inside of his knee before starting long, firm strokes. Dean’s never felt so full, so complete. This is dangerous and he doesn’t even care, he wants everything Cas can give him. Cas speeds up his thrusts, pausing every few to grind and circle deep inside Dean. He finds what he’s looking for when Dean’s eyes shoot open.
Cas looks out to the water and starts pacing around Dean’s lounger. “And suppose I did run? Then what would you have? Not the painting, not the million-dollar fee, and not me.” He pauses and quickly looks up at Dean.
“I'm afraid Jim embellishes horrendously. I just did what Jim does at these fundraisers. I waved my arms in the air...and shrieked for help. Thank you.”
, windows spilling warm light onto the wrap around porch. As they curl around the shoreline, Dean sees that they are aiming for a private
“This is a warrant. We're here to conduct a legal search of these premises.” Sam pushes past the man and the team trails behind him. “Garth, give me two men upstairs, and I want two more in this room here, and check for a basement.”
“Sorry Joanna, but I got nothing to say so far. Besides, we only just got one of the suspects to talk. Calm down.”
Cas chats as they drive, and is complaining about an event he has coming up when Dean tunes back in “… She's an old friend, but it'll be like having dinner at a morgue. You know, it occurred to me, I might be able to bear it if you came with me.”
“Yes Dean, there is an event at the museum tomorrow night. I will put the painting back during the event. And then you’ll meet me at nine o’clock, at the Kirkland heliport and we’ll leave together. Or…” Cas hesitates and flicks a glance and both his cousins. “Or, you can have Sam and Garth waiting for me. I’m trusting you.”
He finishes his shower and gets ready, choosing a navy suit and snowy white button up shirt. It fits him perfectly, the jacket tailored to accentuate his…well…everything. But he needs to keep Cas on his toes and if there is one thing Dean knows, it’s how to look distracting. He leaves his top two buttons undone, puts on a his favorite watch and then works product into his hair, fluffing and tugging until it’s just right. He decides to keep the hint of five o’clock shadow.
“Aber Sie sind doch kein Staatsbürger.” Dean slowly starts to walk around the table. “Da gibt's keinen Prozess. Sie werden ganz einfach deportiert.”
Cas gives Dean a ride home and then walks him all the way to his door. Dean leans in, going for a kiss on Cas’s cheek and sneaks the keys back into his coat pocket. Drawing back, their eyes catch. Dean has no idea what it is between them, but they constantly get stuck eyefucking the shit out of each other and he can’t even be mad about it. In the back of his mind, he knows he needs to step away…close the door… cut himself off from the heady feeling of being near Cas. Dean feels himself sway closer into Cas’s space, fuck it, just one kiss. Out of the corner of his eye he sees a head duck back around the corner. He’d bet Baby its one of Sam’s goons, but it shakes him out of whatever spell Cas has him under. He jerks back blushing once again, he doesn’t think he’s ever blushed this much in his entire life, and mumbles a thank you to Cas.
He tunes back in when he realizes that Charlie suddenly stopped talking. Sam walks in and leans against the door frame.
As hipster-esque as it is, Dean is a sucker for avocado toast. He pops some bread into the toaster and starts slicing an avocado. He wanders onto the balcony; green smeared slices balanced precariously atop a steaming coffee mug, and kicks back on a patio lounger. Munching and sipping away, he watches the Sound, full of activity, and wonders if Cas would ever take him out on the catamaran. He’s jarred from his musings by the front door buzzer.
Cas is the face of the company, operating as the CEO and rubbing elbows with other wealthy elite, being in the inner circle allows him the opportunity to see, hear, or even be invited to participate in nefarious activities hidden by mass amounts of wealth.
“So are the laws of the United States... completely unknown to you?!” Sam whisper yells and starts waving his arms. “Or is it because you've been living in fucking Morocco-“
They continue to gaze at one another, the moment slowing down and quieting them. Without meaning to, Dean slowly drifts closer to Cas, caught by those cerulean orbs. Damn he wants to kiss this man.
The fog of attraction surrounding Dean instantly clears. Novak? The guy who tripped the suspect? Shit. He smoothly extracts himself from the guys hold and starts to back away. Still holding that beautiful gaze for too long before it turns towards Sam. Well fuck. He needs to shake this off, maybe get some coffee and check in with Garth if he’s here. He heads in the opposite direction of Sam and the witness and takes the stairs to the offices. Collecting his thoughts, he walks into the conference room.
They are granted a private interrogation room at the prison. Concrete walls dreary and lifeless, a gray so bland it may as well be beige. While they wait, Sam asks if Dean is ok.
“Not bad for a lanky kid from the City of Swinging Bridges, eh? But you Dean, I’m more interested in your other records. The matador? The Italian industrialist? The ambassador’s son? Your tastes vary far and wide it seems.”
Charlie suddenly being quiet is always suspicious, but Dean lets it slide as she slips around behind Sam, turning back to shoot Dean a thumbs up behind his back.
“I have lived here off and on for most of my life, and I still have never been up to the North Cascades!”
Cas hands him a second full face helmet and tosses a leg over the bike, securing his own helmet before looking expectantly at Dean.
Dean sets his bag on the table and goes over to the bar to pour a drink. He sips it slowly as he watches the boats cruise around the sound. Well, no point dwelling on the past, time for bed. He starts peeling his layers off and heads to the bedroom. As his head hits the pillow he shuts his brain off and passes out.
Walking slowly into what appears to be a study, Dean sharpens his gaze to look for any tiny anomalies, anything that could be hiding something. This room in particular feels the most like Cas. It is well lived in and shows signs of use, with papers in tidy piles on the desk, books set on chairs or side tables, and an empty glass by the chair under the window. Dean takes a deep breath; it smells like Cas and it’s doing things to him.
He plops down on one of the chairs as Cas comes to sit in the other, wineglass now in hand, staring at the burning box in bafflement. As the flames pass the point of no return, Dean cannot hold it in anymore.
He feels a hard shudder go through Cas, then is staring into those baby blues for a hot second before he is being dragged down the hallway to the bedroom. The next thing he knows he’s naked and face down on the bed.
before locking up and hopping on the elevator down. He doesn’t see Cas through the lobby windows, so he starts looking around as he pushes through the front doors and stops suddenly.
We're getting into some of the chapters I had written awhile ago so I hope you enjoy a multiple chapter upload today.
“So you think if I want paint, it just comes FedEx... and the guards just think it's therapy...while I madly copy a famous painting in my cell from the original?” the forger snarks. But then his eyes settle on the table, glued to the painting. His brow furrows a bit and something in his face changes, an expression that Dean can’t quite place, but it’s... something, so he asks.
Walking into the Roadhouse, Sam and Dean make their way to the bar. Sneaking up behind the brown-haired barkeep Dean snarks “What does a guy have to do to get a drink around here?”
“My job, Sam. He likes me. He'll keep liking me.” He fiddles with some papers on his temporary desk “…I’ll keep him right next to me.”
This is my first ever fanfic, so I apologize if it sucks. But I'm so excited to write it I know I'm not doing it justice. Maybe I'll go back one day and spruce it up. Until then...enjoy!
“There is no rest for the wicked is there? I know the feeling, and I’m glad I’m experiencing it with you.”
Deans brain is trying to mount up to a full on freak out when his phone chimes with an incoming text.
“In the works. Point of entry was a hollow statue delivered this morning. They brought it in through their own security.”
“Detective Fitzgerald, good to see you again.” Sam greets the Seattle Police Detective with a handshake.
Dean is trying to absorb all the information just dumped on him, but refocuses on Cas when he speaks up.
Dean glares at his phone. Fuck, he still needs to get this job done, still needs to recover the painting. Feeling torn and ragged he responds an affirmative.
Sam and Garth continue to mutter excitedly to one another as they reach the parking garage and get to the car. If they notice Dean’s lack of enthusiasm, they don’t say anything.
Sam is on the phone with Garth right away “Hey Garth, could you ask Castiel Novak to come in to identify the suspects in a line up and to get his statement? Thanks. Let me know when he’s on his way.”
Dean just stares at nothing as his heart seems to try and escape his body via his throat and his ears fill with white noise. Holy shit. He loves Cas. Like big time, all encompassing, chick flick level- love.
is stunning, and Dean can’t help but be impressed. He rubs elbows with some pretty swanky people, but none of them have been skilled in things the way Cas seems to be. He may have partied on a 120-foot yacht, but the guy he was tracking at the time certainly wasn’t driving the damn thing.
Bobby hollers at Sam’s disappearing back, “Yep, tell that idjit I said hi. And that he needs to come home for dinner while he’s here!”
Walking back to the car, Dean is processing his thoughts and is interrupted by Sam’s hand on his shoulder.
Dean has heard of the name, but he would bet Baby that even if she is a forger, it’s only to cover up what Dean actually knows of her… the fact that she is an elite thief of ancient and occult relics. Being in the art world is probably a way for her to hide her other shady dealings. But to each their own, she’s not hurting people as far as Dean knows, so he will keep his mouth shut about her extracurriculars.
Put out and entirely done with her basically surrogate brothers, she gets up and takes their order. Blond locks flouncing as she rushes away.
Again, Castiel thinks of plush pink lips, sandy blond hair, and adorably flushed cheeks. Maybe Gabriel has a point.
A couple of inches taller than him, those eyes belong to a face that makes him ache with how perfectly symmetrical it is. Paired with pink lush lips, sandy blond hair, a five o’clock shadow that he knows would rub his own face in the most delicious of ways, and a constellation of freckles across his nose, the man is exquisite. Stunned into awed silence he hears the green-eyed beauty’s quiet “Oh!” Even his voice is perfection- smooth, deep, with just a hint of rasp. The stranger’s eyes drop to his lips, shaking Castiel from his trance. He opens his mouth to introduce himself-
Cas is a goner. He knows it. And Dean is the reason why. However, he tries to not let his therapist know that and so… deflect.
“Then the camera can't tell between people and walls.” Hot damn, he was good. This is why Dean got paid the big bucks. “Ok, how hot did it get in the museum? Check the other cameras.”
Garth excitedly waves his hands around and answers for Sam, “The painting's borders match perfectly.”
“I must admit, that's a fair litany for a young man from Lawrence, Kansas. But the part I didn't get... I mean, it's obvious that you enjoy men... but you never keep any of them around very long either.”
The museum’s security technician pipes up with an answer. “We're upgrading to thermal imagery. So far, it's just the high value areas. But it works in the dark, and even senses body heat.”
Garth and an agent direct him towards the side door. Dean catches his gaze and once again gets lost in his eyes. Dean has to drop his eyes as his breath catches and his cheeks flush, then he takes advantage and checks out the exceptionally fine ass walking by. Ugh…even that is perfect.
Dean shrugs, no he doesn’t. Honestly, he just wants to sink into this island fantasy they have going. He wants to eat whatever smells so damn good in the kitchen, maybe make S’mores over that fancy ass fire pit, then take Cas to bed and let him do unspeakable things to him for as long as they can both stand it.
He stops as Dean’s head whips up, an intense look in his eye before growling. “Then we find the forger and nail the bastard!”
Dean can’t help but watch as the beautiful man leaves the room. Cas seems more at ease here, less big time CEO and more, dorky guy who loves bees. He would be lying if he said it felt important that he is getting to see another facet of who Cas is.
Not even a little sorry, Dean puts his hands behind his head, kicks his feet up on his desk, and winces a bit before replying with a wink.
Cas looks a little forlorn and Dean can’t stand it. He decides to just take the box out of the equation and walks over, pics it up and plops it on top of the firepit. Watching as the flames catch the wood and start moving up towards the night sky.
All three men lean forward to watch as the suspects run down a hallway shoving people left and right, only to trip on the leg of a man sitting on a bench reading a newspaper. As the first one tumbles down, the two behind him fall as well. Just in time for the security guards to come in and detain them.
“Uh, sure.” Dean steps over to Cas and then is confused and slightly panicked when Cas shuffles Dean between his arms and in front of the wheel.
Fuck yeah! He feels like Hans Gruber opening the safe at Nakatomi Plaza, and is slightly disappointed that
The next morning, Dean wakes from dreams of vivid blue and deep rumbling tones, the phantom touch of long fingers and skin sliding. As he blinks into the sun peeking through the blinds, he can’t help but smile in anticipation for the day ahead. Yes, this is just a job. It is! But that doesn’t mean that he can’t enjoying playing with Cas for the time being. Stretching his arms overhead and his toes out, he ponders what the day will hold in store. The only hint he could get from Cas was to dress casually for being outside. That could mean anything!
that morning.” He scans the video trying to absorb every detail. “Ok, go ahead and skip forward to the robbery.”
Cas feels his heart break a little, he was a fool to think he could find someone willing to put a little faith in him so he could open up about who he really is. But Dean didn't outright say no, and he will cling to that hope. There are still more moves to make. He will show Dean he can trust him, that they can have their happy ever after.
Dean watches Cas take in the scenery, hair wild and ruffling in the wind, he’s stunning. He can’t take it anymore. Overcome, Dean steps in front of Cas and kisses him desperately. Surprised yet delighted, Cas wraps his arms around Dean and kisses back. It’s hot and wet and full of passion. Crushed together from shoulders to knees, Dean can feel his heartbeat everywhere they touch. He wants more, he wants everything. Gasping for air he pulls back and groans at Cas’s dazed eyes and swollen lips. He leans back in for a gentler kiss, leaning back just enough to rest their foreheads together. He can feel his emotions swell, a tightening in his eyes, and just before he thinks he’s going to say something he will probably regret his stomach gives out a vicious growl.
Sam looks up surprised. “Next you're gonna tell me it was a horse.” At Garth’s nod, Sam huffs a laugh, “a Trojan horse?”
“Mr. Morgenstern, I am Special Agent Sam Winchester, this is Detective Garth Fitzgerald, we want to ask you about this painting.”
Standing frozen, half in half out of the door he takes in the delicious creature before him. Cas is extra casual today in well-worn jeans that fit like a second skin, a white t-shirt under a black, leather motorcycle jacket, motorcycle boots, and to top it off… Cas is leaning against a Metisse MK5 Scrambler. The motorcycle, made famous by Steve McQueen, gleams a midnight blue, the chrome shining as brightly as Cas’s eyes when he notices Dean stuck in the doorway.
“You know, that could be! These things need a ten-degree difference. If the temperature of the ambient gets within ten degrees of the bodies...” Alfie muses.
“Whenever I talk… while you're tuning out what I say... the corners of your mouth go up. You're enjoying something. It's not me. What is it?”
“But that’s not the most interesting part. We got a call this morning from Roman Enterprises. Around the same time of the art theft, their assets were robbed of almost $100 million dollars across nine of their companies.” He spins the file around and nudges it towards Sam.
“Dean!” The sharp commanding tone yanks him out of his spiral and Cas tilts his head to catch Dean’s eyes. Once he has Dean’s gaze, Dean feels those large, warm hands cup his face, thumbs brushing along his cheek bones.
As the group starts to disperse, Cas walks out of the kitchen in an apron, drying his hands on a towel. The man who answered the door hands the warrant to Cas. His calm face makes Sam nervous, and rightly so…
The view is amazing. The lake glows a bright teal, with deep green trees blanketing the mountains that tumble into the lake, all the way to the waters edge. The air is brisk, crisp, and smells of sharp pine, cold water, with just a hint of snow.
Dean drags himself into the office the next morning, mind muddled and exhausted from the implications of Cas’s words, the…possibilities. Which just brings up fears, doubts, longings, and hopes, dreams even. He jerks to a halt as his giant moose of a brother and Garth appear in front of him. Sam grabs his shoulder and spins him back the way he came.
Relief floods Cas’s face and he grasps Dean’s hands, thumb stroking soft circles across his knuckles. “I can leave here tomorrow… And so can you.”
Quickly grabbing the guy under the chin, he jerks his head back and whispers “What fun would they have with you, huh?”
He starts poking and pulling at all the knickknacks and do-dads on the mantle, yanking on books on the bookcases, and finally goes around to the huge antique desk. He feels around near the top looking for any little discrepancy in the carved molding. There. He presses the smooth round button and looks up as the businessman slowly disappears into the ceiling above, revealing the
There is that delicious smirk again, so at home on Dean’s face, “Hey man, if that’s what you want to call it…”
Sam keeps skimming the file, as Bobby says, “You’ll be teaming up with Charlie on this one, you are good with the computers, but we all know she is the genius at tracking hackers. And there is no trace so far of just where the money went.”
Cas spins towards him but keeps walking backwards. “I'd buy a print.” He winks at Dean and starts walking forward towards the general direction of the exit.
He drives on autopilot until he pulls up in front of a quaint cottage home in a quiet neighborhood. He gets out and walks, dazed and grief-stricken to the point of numbness, up the walkway and knocks on the door. The warm light inside hurts his red and teary eyes as the door opens.
Well now Sam is less sure of the ease of this investigation. From behind him a deep and amused voice startles him, though he quickly recognizes it.
“Nothing so far, still no real trace of them either. Next she’ll run facial recognition and see if anything pops up from Interpol. That can take a couple of days.”
Everything about her screams beauty, class, and sophistication, yet there is something very cold and calculating about her. It sets Dean’s teeth on edge. Luckily her sharp gaze is drawn to Sam as he introduces himself and Garth and they start asking her question about the forgery. Dean tunes in as soon as they hand over the painting to her. She sweeps her gaze over it before answering the agents.
Cas smiles, “they may be off a little here and there…but I think they’ll make do. I’ll go make dinner.”
Dean can feel himself getting pulled into Cas’s orbit, a flicker of hope igniting in his heart again. “What about you, Cas? What’s it to you?”
Cas finds him about fifteen minutes later. Looking up at Cas through his sunglasses he smiles at him.
“Then who did? Come now Mr. Morgenstern, surely someone of your renown and talent would be able to recognize another forgers work.”
Smiling down at his phone, he texts Cas his address and goes upstairs. A tingle of anticipation grows as he contemplates how he wants to play things this evening. On the drive back to the station, Dean had texted Benny and Jo asking for their help tonight. Dean would get into Cas’s house, but Sam couldn’t be involved. The plan was in place, but they would have to be careful. He was pretty sure Sam would put some FBI goons on their tail to report everything he and Cas did tonight, so he couldn’t risk them ruining his plans.
“The hacker who stole the funds from Roman Enterprises… it will never be able to be traced or connected to any of us. That money has already gone to feed the hungry, build clean water sources, and fund reforestation projects.” Charlie assures Dean, like she wasn't the one who hacked it, but if she is that sure of her skillset...
No words are said as they walk into Cas’s foyer. Dean walks ahead and stops to turn and watch Cas come through the door, quietly closing and locking it. Everything suddenly feels heavy, anticipatory, sultry, and Dean wants to take this slow. He reaches up and starts to unbutton his jacket, letting it slide slowly down his arms to the floor. He looks expectantly at Cas, then watches with lust filled eyes as Cas does the same.
“Believe me it was,” he replies with a shit eating grin and a wink at the detective. Turning back to his girl of a brother he asks, “You gonna be a bitch about this?”
“Yours. Good evening, Mr. Novak.” And with that Dean give him a wink and leaves the room, heading in the direction of the exit.
“Garth, talk to me.” They must have gotten the warrant because Sam fist pumps the air, and gives the command.. “Awesome, meet us there in half an hour, we need to catch him while he’s home.”
“Well damn Winchester, I wish I could get paid to vacation with a sexy billionaire. I am in the wrong field apparently.”
And Dean just shuts off his brain. Not thinking about work, or Sammy judging him, or Crowley, or the robbery. He just feels the rumble of the engine, the wind whooshing past, and takes in the sights around him as he chats with Cas through the headsets. He listens, fascinated as Cas excitedly describes the newly installed apiary at his home, he’s never really thought much about bees, but Cas is making them interesting. Cas asks about Baby and Dean rambles on and on about the painstaking restoration of the Impala. They both have a love for classic cars and driving just for the sake of driving. As Dean starts in on a story about a road trip through California where he swears he saw the rumored Woman in White ghost that he had heard about in the towns diner that day, when he notices the city start to slip away as they pass through Arlington.
Laughing, Dean tosses his head back and looks almost fondly at Cas. “Alright, I will seriously commit to your espresso. Excuse me a second.” Dean walks towards the restrooms, feeling Cas’s eyes on him the whole time. He gets to the hallway and Jo pops out of nowhere, startling him.
“What makes you think they failed, Sammy? Maybe it was a successful robbery. Maybe they were set up to fail!”
“Plus it’s fun as hell, Deano!” Gabe’s pronouncement is muffled by the candy bar stuffed in his cheek.
His gaze drops to Cas’s lips as his hand slides under the trench coat to snatch the keys from his coat pocket. Flicking his eyes back up, he almost drops them when he sees lust blown pupils, the blue almost completely gone, and a flush creeping up into Cas’s cheeks. The look heats his blood and goes straight to his groin. It takes two tries before he can speak.
Closing the file, Dean leans on the door handle to interrogation room 4, “Showtime” he winks as he walks through, and shuts the door behind him.
Dean looked at Sam like he grew a second head. “Are you kidding me? You think you are going to be able to get into his place? You said yourself he has connections, an entire legal team, and money up the ass, there’s no WAY you are going to be able to make that warrant stick.”
Dr. Milton contemplates Cas’s disheartened expression. “Wait a minute… are you… serious? Castiel, did you catch feelings?”
“So, I don’t read the news, sue me. Thanks Charlie!” He hops off the desk and moseys his way past Garth where he takes Castiel’s statement. Refilling his coffee at the sideboard he overhears the tail end of the conversation.
The technician skips forward and the screen pops up entirely white. Dean raises an eyebrow. “Woah, zip!”
Cas is insistent. “If the painting’s back we’re free of it all. All we have to do then is leave. The painting will be back so your job is finished, and it will no longer have been stolen, so they will stop pursuit of me.”
Dean wakes to the sound of waves lapping the shoreline and a breeze coming through the window. The breeze carries with it quiet voices. Sneaking over, Dean sees Cas sitting on the porch with two portly men in business suits. They’re speaking German, but he is only making out a few words here and there due to the wind, but he hears enough.
As he lets Cas tow him along, Dean sneaks the keys onto a pedestal holding up a small bronze statue. He knows Benny or Jo are nearby and will pick them up. Then they will go get copies made and get them back to Dean during dinner.
That bedhead tilts as Cas squints at Dean. “You don't believe it's possible that we could ever really trust each other in all things, do you?”
Cas stares down across the city, the view from Dr. Milton’s office is beautiful as always. Yet he barely sees it as he zones out thinking about Dean Winchester. Why did the man suspect him? Yes, Cas did it, but…not even the FBI suspects him. Though even if they did, it wouldn’t matter. He has the good fortune of being ridiculously wealthy, extremely well connected, and hurting absolutely no one with his boardroom takeovers. And in many cases he is saving people being abused by the wealthy. So it’s not that he’s worried about repercussions if he is caught. He could easily run, and live a comfortable lifestyle while doing so, if that were the case. He is curious what makes him so transparent to Dean, and why he is so curious about Dean. The man is infuriating, charming, and honestly… such fun to play with. Cas would be lying if he said he wasn’t excited to be dining with him this evening.
They both chow down on double bacon cheeseburgers, curly fries, and milkshakes. Talking about inconsequential things and enjoying the moment. Hunger satiated, they hit the road. It’s not until Dean smells the ocean and hears the seagulls that he realizes they are still going west when at some point they should have gone south on the interstate.
The conversation gradually turns to lighter subjects and the banter continues. If Dean is honest with himself, it is straight up flirting. Cas is hilarious and slightly awkward but also unconsciously sexy, and Dean will admit he is having a great time. As their plates are taken away, they are plied with shots of espresso and soufflés. Dean takes a bite of the silky chocolate concoction and can’t help the almost pornographic moan that follows. He looks up to see Cas’s face once again flushed and his pupils dilated, spoon stopped mid air as he stares at Dean’s lips.
Cas leads Dean into the museum towards the back of the building. Not wanting Benny to lose sight of them, Dean sees a painting on the wall and stops. He laughs, it is perfect! He catches Cas’s eye and points at the painting.
“Stop the fucking car!” Dean throws open the door and Cas has to slam on the breaks to slow down fast enough. Dean storms off in the direction of the restaurant. He can hear Cas get out of the car and chase after him. He turns and yanks his elbow out of reach at Cas’s touch.
“Yeah, Sam come on in.” Bobby sits down and opens a file on his desk.  “Three nights ago, Roman Enterprises reported the theft of a painting from their private museum during a black-tie party and showing. The painting that was successfully stolen is valued at 21.5 million dollars. They also tried to steal a bunch more but were unsuccessful. The culprits were caught, it looks like their plan was to load up artwork into a chopper and fly out. They’re being held down at Seattle PD headquarters since they answered the call.”
Cas laughs, loosening his hold. “Shall I feed you? As beautiful as this is, I could use some food myself.” He grabs Dean’s hand, entwining their fingers as they wander back to their ride.
For the entire first floor of the museum, Jack darted from painting to painting, pointing out tiny details and things he admired about each one. Dean thought it was the most energetic he had ever seen him. Sam trailed a few paces behind Dean, smiling and laughing at the right times. Every so often, Jack would pause nervously, almost like he expected something to happen. Dean always tried to meet him with an understanding smile.
Jack is the only character a truly truly love an am a terrible person sae whoops, also Highway 107 is mine own creation
Once both were clad in their respective outfits, washed and brushed, and decently calm, they went downstairs. Sam was still asleep on the sofa; his disrupted movement suggested that he was stuck in a nightmare. Dean reached to wake him, but his eyes flew open with a choked cry, “Jess!”
The blankets on top of him are soft and red. As Sam blinks awake, he looks groggily around to see that he is on the couch in the Bunker’s library, Dean sitting at the table with a cup of coffee and a book. Cas sits next to Dean, doing absolutely nothing at all. Both of them look content.
About an hour later, when the sun was low in the clouds and the brothers were listening to Black Sabbath on the lowest volume, Jack gasped awake in the backseat. Sam startled, looking back at him.
“Let’s go!” Dean grabs Sam’s hand and tugs him up, careful to cradle Sam’s head from the window frame.
“Hey, kiddo,” Dean said, leaning into the doorway. “Wanna get some new clothes? We could go to the art store, too.”
“Probably not,” Cas said seriously. “Maybe something like, ‘we’re all in this together and we make each other stronger.’”
Dean realised that they had their magic healer angel back, which meant that Sam didn’t need him to do it anymore. “Yeah, that’s a good—that’s good,” he said. He threw the ice cube in the sink and sat down again.
Sam backed out of the room, sitting against the wall at the threshold. A small sound crept out of Jack’s throat; Dean hesitantly started to brush his fingers through the kid’s hair. Jack panted once, harshly, and sucked in a strangled inhale.
A week ago, the brothers had burnt Jack’s eyeless corpse in the middle of the night under a twinkling sky. Dean had stood there stoically, waiting, watching, and when the sun streaked the sky and the pyre was ash, he had lost his dinner in the dandelions on the side of the road. Two weeks before, he had buried Castiel in the woods, unable to face the idea of the smell of his burning corpse. He’d barely spoken a word since.
Dean felt his heart drop as the world went blurry. By the time it righted itself, Sam had slumped against the coffee table, slack in the throes of unconsciousness.
Dean scooted closer and laid a comforting hand on the kid’s shoulder. “The other you was Lucifer’s son, technically, as well,” he said. Jack looked up at him in surprise. “But he wasn’t really Lucifer’s son.” Jack tilted his head, confused. “He was ours,” Dean explained. “Mine, Sam's, and Cas.” His breath caught at Cas’s name.
shone in gold embroidered thread. Cas had overheard Sam laughing about that horrendous play, and took it quite seriously. Unfortunately for Dean, he and Sam had collaborated to create “the perfect Christmas gift.” Dean secretly liked it, but he made sure to always whine about it good-naturedly when Sam was around at the garage. If he noticed that although Dean constantly complained, Dean also constantly
Dean surprised himself with the smile that spread easily across his face. It was relieving to know that the past night had been real, that Cas was still alive and it wasn’t all just Dean’s wildly addled imagination. “Thanks,” he said quietly.
Dean scrubbed a hand over his face. He needed to shave. “I don’t know what to do, Cas,” he admitted. “There’s no lore to fall back on. There’s no God to pray to.”
“That’s right,” said the policeman. He was a heavyset man, with eyebrows like caterpillars and a moustache that twirled up at the ends. Dean thought it looked like a small rat, poised quiveringly over the man’s top lip.
Dean shot to his feet, hauling Jack to his feet. “Jack,” he said frantically. “That was Castiel. Remember? In the Empty?”
Dean sat down and pulled a plate across for Jack, who seated himself right next to Dean. Sam kept his eyes on his omelette, but Dean could see the slightest bit of hurt flash through them. He kicked Sam under the table good-naturedly, causing him to pause in his eating to kick Dean back. Beside them, Jack took a bite of his own omelette and smiled in innocent content. Dean barely noticed the taste of the slightly crispy egg, but Jack’s rapture brought a begrudging grin to his face.
Jack stayed where he was, eyes following Sam’s movements. Dean noticed he kept to the right of the door, almost like he was expecting something to happen. Moving closer to him, Dean settled a hand on his shoulder.
“Hey, uh, me too, Sammy?” Dean stood up and put the unopened pie in the refrigerator. “I guess I could eat something healthy for once.”
Sam watches Dean and Cas slide into the front of the car, their hair mussed from the breeze. The Impala roars to life underneath Sam. He can feel the engine purr in his ribs, the bite of the tyres on potholes jarring his head as they drive at high speed down the backroad.
Dean laughs, somewhat giddy. “Okay, let’s get you both up.” He supports Cas to standing, and only comes back to Sam once he’s made sure that Cas is steady.
“I don’t blame you,” interrupts Sam. “You did your best to help. It was—it was no one’s fault, alright? And it’s
Cas stayed silent. He took Dean’s hand and traced the lines of his palm, breathing steadily. Dean closed his eyes. Cas was alive. They made each other stronger. They were doing their best.
The town of Star, Kansas, was a quiet one, barely capable of staying up past six pm, but as the ambulance blasted its way to the hospital, civilians peered out of their windows. Any injury bad enough for the hospital was an anomaly in Star, and thus when they arrived there was a full staff awaiting them.
“Let’s go,” Dean said, jerking his head towards the exit. “I can only stand modern art for so long.”
The pan clattered into the sink. Dean ran out of the kitchen, down the hall, and right to the desk in his room.
“The shadow monsters are failed demons,” Jack said. “Twisted souls that got hurt the wrong way. Their very presence is what ends worlds. But Lucifer let them out, hoping to kill the world and gain a lot of subjects.”
The three exit the dungeon, leaving the vampire in darkness and chains. Sam doesn’t even feel guilty. He feels almost…reborn. His head is so blessedly quiet, so peaceful, that he almost falls asleep while walking.
“Happy Eight-Month Homecoming, kiddo,” Dean said to Jack, raising his beer in salute. “Just in time for your first case, too!”
“Chromasaurus,” Jack said. “It’s a creature covered in reflective scales that blind its prey. Very pretty to look at. Tough to eat.”
Dean’s heart leapt in his chest. The light had hovered in front of him. It had made him feel okay for just a moment. Blue light, and a sense of peace…where had he felt that before? Dean’s precious oxygen supply
The matter settled, Sam grabbed his own jacket off the library table where he’d left it and went with Dean up the stairs and out the door. Wordlessly, they got into the Impala. The silence of the dusk was like a blanket.
Jack nodded happily and bolted off to his room. Dean went back to his own room to change out of his dead-guy robe and into jeans and a flannel. Tugging on his boots, he realised that the love letter lay out on his desk. He shoved it in a drawer, under a pile of pictures. Telling himself he’d finish it later, knowing he wouldn’t, he slid a knife into his pocket (just in case) and headed out the door to find Sam.
Dean internally sighed. He crouched down next to the kid. “I’m sorry, Jack,” he said sincerely. “I didn’t mean to worry you. I won’t do it again. I just remembered something that I had to do, that’s all.”
As he told the 911 operator the address, Sam sucked in a ragged inhale. Dean carefully moved his hair aside, checking for the source of the blood marring his brother’s face. A long cut ran from the temple to the top of his head. Thankfully, the edges were cleanly sliced. He would need nice neat stitches, and those the hospital could better provide than a seven-months-out-of-practice older brother. Dean swallowed down his rising emotions and took a steadying breath.
“Our graces can spread over a large area,” Cas explained patiently. “Sort of like your Wi-Fi network. Angelic presences acknowledge others.”
Dean looked at it for a moment, then dug into the soft soil. The pebbles in the dirt clinked against the shovel blade, a tuneless working song. Dean kept digging until the blade scraped rope. Uncovering his find, Dean stoically lifted Cas’s linen-wrapped body out of the grave. He tried to ignore the stiffness and stench of what he knew was nothing but a corpse.
Cas rested a hand on Dean’s back. “Sam Smith is our brother,” he said. “Let me fill out whatever information you require, and allow Dean to stay with him. Please, help Sam now.”
“Sure, kiddo,” Dean said. “It’ll be cool. Why don’t you go get dressed and grab some shoes and we can head out?”
Jack pressed the sequence of buttons and, when the television booted up, turned to Dean with a wide grin. It was so familiar that Dean’s heart wrenched in his chest, before he swallowed it down and smiled back. He grabbed a blanket and sat down on the couch, inviting Jack to join him.
Dean absolutely hated the sound of it. “Yeah, yeah, it’s me. I’m going to help you sit up, okay?” Dean waited for Jack to nod before gently catching his wayward elbows and sitting him upright.
Dean helped him pry open the paint can, and deposited the toolbelt on the floor. “I’m gonna call that kid and let her know it’s pretty much done.”
The brothers sat in silence all the way back to the bunker, listening to the breaths of a kid from another world.
“Sam!” Dean punctuated the word as sharply as he could, causing his brother to look up at him in surprise, then re-focus on the situation.
“The kid likes it, of course I’m watching it.” Dean smiled, clapping his hands decisively. “Okay, I’m going to do that, and you should go do whatever.”
“I missed you,” replied Cas evenly. “With all my heart. I mean, I wasn’t exactly conscious in the Empty, but once I was, I missed you terribly.”
Dean came out of his room and back into the library in half a minute. He carried a duffle bag and a jacket, his jaw set as if in stone. “I have to go,” he said. He could tell his voice had delved into its knife-edged baritone when Sam’s worried, scattered gaze snapped to attention.
Jack hadn’t stirred. Dean and Sam exchanged a glance before getting out of the car and going around to the trunk, where they conversed in low voices.
Rowena rolled down her sleeves. She took careful note of the scene before her. Dean hated how her hawk-sharp gaze flitted around the room, as if calculating the value of every possible circumstance.
Packing Sam’s duffle with the arsenal in the trunk of the Impala, the boys prepared for a fight. The demon wouldn’t go without a cause, and they were ready to give it one. Dean watched the inner Castiel emerge from the shell of Cas:
Well, what could Dean say to that? He smiled a watery smile and buried his face in Cas’s shoulder, just listening to him breathe, just taking it all in.
He got his answer soon enough. The walls of the church began to shake violently, urging the Winchesters out of the car and to the side of the building. Dean grasped at the wood, fruitlessly attempting to steady the vibrating church. The wall jumped away from his hand.
Jack had worked ceaselessly on trusting Sam, at first allowing him to be closer, then stopping the eagle-eyed watch over every move he made. On his own time, Jack learned that he was safe. Sam made sure that he never made a sudden move around Jack, but he no longer tried to hide his height; he learned not to tower over Jack or come up behind him too quietly. The kid still had the occasional bad days, but they were more for memories than Sam’s accidental oafishness. Dean was proud of both of them. The two had developed a strong bond once they learned to work with each other.
The Impala pulled up to the auto shop as the morning birds cheered in welcome. Within the shop, the Ford and the teenager’s Honda Civic were alone. There was no sign of the wisp or demon.
Cas returned his smile somewhat gratefully. “I am glad of that,” he said. “I would like to sleep, but I do not think I have need of it now.”
This whole story wis no supposit tae be sae damn long, but it really juist got away from me. Hope ye like it thus far, am really tryin.♡
“I don’t want to sleep,” stated Jack. He rubbed at an eye; the traces of bruises below his knuckle made Dean squint closer.
Cas sighed, causing Dean to lift his head. A glimmer of light from the kitchen lamp ran athwart the room, highlighting the lines of Cas’s face. He was looking at Dean, blue eyes piercing and bright.
“I’m sure you did your best, but with an x-ray we will be able to see the extent of the damage. Hopefully there is nothing too serious, but it’s possible to damage nerves, ligaments, muscles, and blood vessels if a shoulder gets shoved in recklessly.”
over with me?” In the doorway to the map room, Jack stood, wearing the new shirt that Cas had bought for the other Jack.
“Get used to it all,” Jack said, worrying the edge of the bandage around his torso. “It’s just…everyone’s too
Sam shouted in surprise, then in joy. He scrambled to open the car door, wrapping Cas in a smothering hug. “You’re alive,” he gasped.
“I guess,” said Dean finally. “His world is gone, and he seemed to know us—the other us, anyway. I don’t know what else we could do with him.”
“I imagine it is because it was Jack’s,” Cas stated. “Dressed like that, he looks exactly like our—like the first Jack.”
“Well, let’s fire it up,” Dean said, waving everyone out of the kitchen into the hallway. “Your room, mine, the Dean Cave?”
The four Winchesters sat around the kitchen table, a large pepperoni pizza in front of them. They had just come back from Jack’s first family hunt, a simple salt-and-burn that had put to rest the spirit of an angry clown. Jack had charitably given Sam the lit match, but Sam had insisted that Jack do it. And he did so happily; the ghost squeaked its red nose irritably as it faded away to nothing.
“Agents Osbourne and Gilmour, FBI,” Dean said, holding up his fake badge to the policeman at the reception desk.
It must have done, because the next thing he knows, the ward’s door is thrown open. The screech of metal against concrete fills his head. The doctor hurries in, white coat billowing like a cape. Catching Sam’s wrists from where they’ve come up to cover his head, the doctor kneels down to Sam’s sitting height. It makes him feel like a child getting told off.
Dean laughed, surprising Jack. “You and Sam,” he said, shaking his head. “You did the best you could, buddy. That shadow thing would’ve put me down easy if I didn’t have a gun. And I know we aren’t the same as the Sam and Dean from your world—”
As the moon rose high and shone over the forest, two reunited people walked out of it holding hands. An angel who was not dead, and a man who felt blessedly alive.
Dean lifted his head. Sam crouched in the corner of the room, clutching his gun in shaking hands. His wide eyes were fixated on Jack, who lay unconscious on the floor of the church.
Jack nodded with a grin and raced Dean to the exhibit, where a pile of colourful blocks lay in the centre of the room. On the walls were glossy mounted photographs, depicting a myriad of places in the Midwest. Sam wandered around the room, looking at each photo, while Jack and Dean started building a tower. Sam shook his head fondly.
Dean guessed silently. Sam had apparently reached the same conclusion, lifting his arm to dig through the kit for paracetamol. Jack flinched at the movement, leaning carefully towards Dean. Exchanging a glance with his brother, Dean very slowly took the pills from the kit and pressed them into Jack’s hand. He swallowed them dry, letting Dean strap up his ribs securely with a compression wrap.
Jack kept his eyes on the frozen screen, curled up under the blanket. “It started to fall apart,” he said. “Everything was…fine, but the shadow monsters came up from Hell and ruined it all.”
“Yes, you do,” Dean said firmly, hand returning to Sam’s hair. “Yeah, you’ve made some mistakes, but hell, who hasn’t? If anyone’s let anyone down, it’s me to you.”
Sam feels like his lungs have frozen. Lucifer smiles wickedly and, with a flourish of his wrist, drives the poker right through Cas’s chest. Blood explodes outward, splattering everywhere. Sam squeezes his eyes shut and tells himself it isn’t real. It isn’t. It
Dean let out a hoarse sob. “What if it kills everyone tomorrow? What if the whole town is obliterated and I can’t do anything about it?”
The two of them dressed and went into the kitchen, where Sam was preparing four breakfasts at the counter.
Jack wheezed alarmingly from the floor. Both brothers scooted over to kneel by him. Glowing steadily, an ice-blue light was working its way up Jack’s throat, fighting with the orange power that swirled under his skin. Jack’s eyes were wide, pupils blown bright orange and scared. Dean put a gentle hand on his shoulder. Sam hovered anxiously, trying to look supportive and not intimidating, though Dean could tell he was freaking out.
Dean leaned over his shoulder. “I was thinking you could come with,” he offered. “If I’m there, you know, maybe Jack will take it easy. It’s a museum, you know? Big space. Won’t even have to look at you, if he doesn’t want to.”
“Good ol’ fashioned breakout,” Dean says, and winks. “Cas here”—he tugs the angel in from the hallway—“has got some fancy mojo thing he’s going to do and help put that wall back up a little bit.”
Dean’s eyes popped open. Cas was staring at him plaintively, his eyes glistening. He’d rolled onto his side.
Sam snatched the remote, sat down in the big recliner and kicked back, while Dean grabbed one end of the couch, and Jack perched beside him. Castiel sank down on the other end, remembering again what it took to “get comfortable.” Finding a way to sit that would keep his legs and back from becoming stiff and sore after a short time. Making sure his clothing wasn’t twisted up beneath or behind him or pinching his testicles. Being human could be such a chore. He watched Sam and Dean make their own adjustments, settling back and preparing to argue over the night’s entertainment.
“Yes, Dean. Fine. I trust you.” The angel stood up, and began peeling off his clothes. He removed his trench coat—which he wore tonight despite the heat—and folded it before laying it on the dock. Then his suit coat, his dress shirt, his trousers. Dean forced himself to swim away a few strokes, so as to give Cas a little privacy. When he turned around again, Cas was climbing slowly down the ladder, his pale ass disappearing into the water.
“Uh…” Dean leaned back and away from him, shaking his head minutely and appearing to gather his thoughts. “…Wow, Cas, I’m not sure where to even
“Should Kirk have violated the prime directive to save the planet Nibiru?” Cas asked casually, shaking the popcorn bowl so the un-popped kernels fell to the bottom. He knew the answer—he just wanted to hear Dean say it.
“You both have very proportional genitals. I just want to be clear,” Castiel said, looking from one man to the other.
Cas looked at him like a chastised child, then hung his head, the shirt hanging limply from his hand. “I’m sorry, Dean. I never should have… I lost control of my grace for a moment… are you hurt?” He looked up meekly.
“No, he already felt the shit,” Cas replied. “He just experienced the feelings more intensely. And you know how he likes to talk about feelings.”
“I mean how do you want it to go? Cause you have the classic porn threesome moves, like one sits on your face and the other on your dick—which, gotta say, it’s a classic for good reason. Or the double-team blow job. Also a classic. Or you could just do one chick at a time while the other watches. If you’re talking sisters, you probably aren’t going to see any girl-on-girl—but the upside is that it’s all about
The angel’s lips thinned. “I didn’t make you say anything, and you don’t need to be sorry or feel awkward. And no.”
He shook his head. He hoped to God Sam had really slept through it all. Then there was the dream, which he couldn’t stop thinking about from the time he bolted upright from Castiel’s lap. He really didn’t know how to feel about the fact that he had enjoyed playing the skin flute quite so much—even if just in his dreams. So much that he kept replaying the lurid scene in his head. So much that his hard-on was still persisting, 10 miles later.
Something told him he should be the big spoon tonight… but there was Sam in the next bed, and his pounding head, and… maybe Cas just didn’t want to be touched.
Sam snapped his laptop shut and stood up. “I’ll just head next door to the restaurant and let you two solve this little dilemma.” And he hustled out the door, computer under his arm.
Humans can be surprisingly alluring, Bethezriel had said to him, as they watched several young human slaves bathing in a river together one day. “Their souls are a piece of God—whom we all long to see. So bright, so beautiful. And sometimes, that soul combines with the body in such a way as to be very enticing. You want to take a vessel, to get closer, to experience matter in the way they do. But once you have a taste of human pleasures, you are likely to forget who and what you really are. You will forsake your mission, your garrison, your God… and for what?”
“So say it. It’s not too late.” Cas squeezed Dean’s shoulder, rubbing gently. His other hand still on Dean’s chest.
“What if it doesn’t work? We’re in the ditch, Dean! It’s getting dark. If we’re stuck out here tonight, we need to be visible and keep the tailpipe open so we can keep warm. We can’t get buried or we’ll be here come spring!”
Dean grasped Castiel’s arm and pulled him to his feet, staring at him hard. “How d’you feel?” he asked.
Hustling into the truck stop before his face could freeze, he knew he couldn’t just leave this thing dangling; that would make him crazy. Maybe he could grab a minute to talk with Cas. What the hell had happened last night? Did Cas really jerk him off? Did he really say the “L” word—and all that other sappy stuff?
Cas’ fingers slid to Dean’s shoulders, and Dean turned to look at him. “I don’t do hats.” Then he couldn’t help but grin. “I have
Dean relaxed a bit more, grinning and sliding his eyes up to Castiel’s. “Nice bedside manner, Doctor Assbutt.”
Dean pulled the keys from the ignition and opened his door, the wind catching it and nearly tearing the handle from his grip. “Ho!” Stepping out into the snowy ditch, he promptly sunk to his waist. He looked through the car to see Sam do the same on the other side, both of them trying to manhandle their doors closed again.
Castiel regretted his comments—he hadn’t meant to be insulting, and he’d forgotten how sensitive men could be about penises. Perhaps he could soothe Dean’s feelings.
Dean huffed. The road was fast disappearing under a blanket of white. A mile marker materialized out of the blizzard just a couple feet from the Impala’s fender, Dean tried to correct course, and the car began to fishtail.
Moments later, tucked back cleanly into his jeans, he slumped in Castiel’s lap, doing what could only be described as cuddling his best bud. Cas rubbed his back, his body warm and comforting (and rumbling like a Harley), and Dean drifted, so sweetly satisfied. He could fall asleep right here with his head on Cas’ shoulder, except…
So he did, with some urgency, lapping and twirling and licking and sucking like a porn star, following his tongue with a hand now, slurping and moaning with abandon. It was
Jack didn’t have to be asked twice; the two of them took off, loping and hopping back downhill toward the water, ducking tree branches in the darkness. Now that there was no one left to argue with, Dean knew he could either fall in line, or go sit in the car and pout—probably alone. The car was a mile down the road; the beer would just have to wait a bit. And nibbly fish and snapping turtles notwithstanding, a swim would probably feel pretty damn good.
“I watched two men in a courtyard once, late at night, bathing each other in a fountain. They touched each other so passionately, yet so reverently—I felt they’d waited a long time to be together. One man dropped to his knees and took the other’s wet penis into his mouth. It seemed to give them both such pleasure.”
“My grace is singing, Dean. It’s not like human singing, exactly. It’s… involuntary. It happens in the presence of God…”
Then Castiel’s warm hand slid inside his flannel, flattening against his t-shirt, over his sternum. The angel’s fingers spread out. “Breathe,” Castiel instructed.
Dean spiked an eyebrow as Sam removed his gloves, then slid a hand into Castiel’s hair and pulled him closer. What the ever-loving…?
He felt an odd sensation at his human feet. A coldness, as if they’d fallen asleep. It was something he hadn’t felt since being human. He frowned—he couldn’t lift his feet to see them; they seemed to be nailed to the floor. He widened his awareness, and realized that something was now reaching into his grace, too. Infiltrating his energy.
Castiel’s eyes widened, his half-hard cock twitching in a way that might have been highly arousing, had he been human.
“Hush,” Cas said to him, and Dean felt the icy-hot flush of grace spreading through his skull, flowing like a spring, healing his jaw, and seeking out his head injury…
“I… I’ll be alright,” Sam stuttered. Snow stuck to him in clumps; it looked like he’d brought half an igloo in with him, Dean thought. He turned and started the engine again, gritting his teeth at the cool air blasting from the heater.
In the house across the street, a third demon appeared, and the girl with him. Castiel sat up straighter, clenched and unclenched his left hand, feeling in the ether for his blade. Back to business. “She’s here,” he reported. “The girl.”
“Come on in, man,” Dean pled gently. “You’ll be glad you did.” He pushed himself backwards into the water, treading again. “See, it feels awesome.”
“I must, or you’ll become feverish. Let me go now,” Castiel said firmly. Backing away, he took Sam’s arms and brought them down to his sides.
Castiel sighed. He wasn’t getting quite the information he needed. He was growing frustrated; Dean, as usual, was being maddeningly obtuse.
Dean squinted back out the windshield in front of him, into the whirling snow. There were no more tire tracks to follow, no tail-lights ahead of him. Occasionally the howling wind blew fiercely enough to reveal a glimpse of pavement, before the snow quickly covered it up again. At least he was still on the highway and not heading across somebody’s back forty—but that was not going to be a given much longer.
Dean barely registered their clothes coming off, then he was bearing his friend down on his beloved memory foam bed in a tangle of naked arms and legs. They had some unfinished business—a debt Dean needed to pay—and he intended to make good.
He heard the running feet, then opened his eyes to see Jack sailing through the air, all gangly arms and legs, and splashing down like a ton of bricks. Sam swam smoothly over, plucked the boy up to the surface by an armpit, and steered him back to the dock coughing and hacking. Cas was at the edge instantly, kneeling down and grabbing Jack’s arm.
Sam had pointed out that he would not be surprised if someone had already called in a suspicious car parked on the street, or spotted the three men who had skirted a golf course through the woods, then hopped a few fences through dark yards to get to their target.
“Ha… awesome.” Dean snagged a pillow, stood up and held it in front of him as he turned around. “Let’s see.”
“Yes. We talked for some time, but he says he’d like to sleep now. I imagine he could use the rest, after what he’s been through.”
“Dean. You must know…” and Dean’s insides melted to hear Castiel’s stern angel tone again, “… that when I awoke in The Empty, my first thought was not of Jack. It was of you. I told the Keeper I needed to get back to
, he wouldn’t be such a chatterbox. But nevertheless… he planned to sit and suffer as long as he could. Maybe help would arrive before he’d need Cas’ love-touch.
Cas hummed in his throat. “I believe I did. But no one’s going to get cryogenically frozen this time.”
“Are you kidding me?!” Sam shouted, his voice torn away by the gale. The two men, followed by Castiel, waded back to the trunk. Dean tried to open it carefully, but the wind flung the trunk lid wide, the metal hinges shrieking in protest. Sam grabbed the lid to hold it while Dean leaned in, his belly cold against the metal lip, to wrestle two spades out. He handed them to Cas, and the brothers managed to slam the trunk shut.
“Michael is an ancient and very powerful being. Jack’s energy is raw, as you say—he is young, untrained, and naïve. He could never defeat Michael in a face-to-face battle. I could not let him try. I promised Kelly that I would…”
Cas watched him grab a cart and begin hauling wet laundry from the second washer, and he sighed. Dean would surely change the subject again and leave his proposal dangling painfully in the air between them. He squinted at Dean’s ass, bent over the washing machine, and wondered what Dean would do if he just walked up and palmed it. He wanted to feel the muscles flexing in his hand.
Clearing the post, the Impala tobogganed gracefully into the ditch—throwing up a spectacular snow-white explosion—and came softly and gently to rest against a barbed wire fence, its strands illuminated in her headlights.
Castiel realized that Dean’s thighs were trembling. “Are you cold?” he asked, snapping out of his reverie.
“Sam’s not going to let anything happen to him.” Dean lifted one dripping arm and flicked water Cas’ way. “C’mon, it’s time to lighten up—get in.”
“Alright, come on you assclowns—we’ve got work to do.” Dean jerked his head at Sam, who took the lead, and they all ducked around the corner and headed for the house.
Dean was looking mightily perturbed now. “Would you two get your shit together? For fuck’s sake. Some of us are show-ers and some are growers, ok?”
“Jesus, you got that right. But c’mon, Jack and Sam are gonna be along any minute. What can I do to get you off?”
And the whole Lucifer vs. Michael thing… he didn’t even want to think about the implications if they couldn’t nip it in the bud. Would the archangels be looking for Sam and Dean’s meatsuits again? What could Cas possibly do to help? Each time he’d tried to go up against an archangel, it ended very poorly. Dean couldn’t watch it happen again—he just couldn’t. But when Cas was on a mission, there was no stopping him from martyring himself, or worse.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed. “You’ll remember every word.” He resumed trying to get at Dean’s chest. “And don’t worry—what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.”
He stepped up to Cas and took the angel in his arms, kissing him deeply—and feeling him respond in kind. Cas seemed to melt against him, soon warm and willing, and it was only a few moments until Dean could feel it begin. Cas was purring.
“Yes… Cas, yes…” Those gentle, strong fingers wrapped around his dick, thumb smearing pre-come leaking from the head, and began to stroke.
“A large diving bird,” Cas chimed in. “Rather prehistoric—one of the few birds with solid bones. That allows them to…”
“Listen, if you think Jack brought you back to help prepare for war, maybe you need to help Jack prepare to kick some ass!”
“Stop… just…” Dean grabbed him by the back of the skull and their foreheads met with a thunk. His other hand clutched Castiel’s coat. “Just stop. Dude we can’t. We’re friends… like brothers. This shit changes everything.”
Dean avoided looking to his right. “Yeah, ok, thanks,” he mumbled. He knew he was proving Castiel right, but he just couldn’t look at his friend in the morning light; both out of shame and confusion over last night’s activities—and because Cas had left his goddamn shirt unbuttoned at the top, and his tie was crooked as hell, and that was kinda…
“Or chicks… well, unless you’re all naked, I guess… or anywhere else you’re not alone. It’s just not cool. Got it?”
“Is that so? You are powerful, but not as powerful as Emptiness.” The false Jack winked and dissolved in an instant, back into the darkness that now crept up over Castiel’s belly and chest, moving faster, sealing his fate.
“You ok, man?” Sam asked a moment later through a mouthful of banana, the delicious aroma of three coffees wafting through the car from the steaming beverage holder in his lap. “Ready to go?”
It felt so incredibly good to have Jack back again, soul and all. Castiel leaned against the wall and just reveled in the relief for a moment, the surcease of sorrow. Jack… the boy who felt like a son to them all… was back. Jack’s death had been such a bitter blow—such an unexpected grief—and at the hand of God, no less. It had nearly been at the hand of Dean, which would have been even worse. Castiel had surprised himself with his own depth of despair over all of it.
He runs out into the hallway, down the stairs, and bursts out the front door. Stopping to take a few heaving breaths, fighting tears as he fumbles with his car keys. He slides into the Impala and tears down the driveway as fast as possible in case Cas tries to follow him. Dean is not sure he would be able to break away from him again. Even now his heart and body are yearning for Cas, telling him to go back, that it is NOT what it seems and there is a reasonable explanation.
Dean’s heart plummets to his feet and ices over as the beautiful young man from the ball and the surveillance photos comes strolling through the doorway, obviously familiar with the house. He can feel the anger roll over his features like a stormfront, furious with himself for being played yet again. He rips himself away from Cas and starts towards the door, ignoring his calls.
Dean starts scanning the pages, eyes darting back and forth as he concentrates. Finding what he’s looking for, he flourishes the paper at Sam. “See anyone we know?”
Sam grabs back Dean’s copy, Garth leaning over his shoulder, skimming the page. Dean tells them anyway.
Frustrated, Sam throws his hands up “Don't piss on the bureau, okay? We're on this. Garth is getting a warrant to search Novak’s house and now we have to go in with him fully aware that he is a suspect.”
The phone rings just as Castiel walks in the door, sweaty and flushed from his run. “This is Novak.”
Unfortunately, Sam can’t argue with that. “Well, it needs to be authenticated before you start yanking yourself off in congratulations, Jerk.”
Dean can feel a ping of annoyance that Cas is still playing at wanting to spend time with him. “Tomorrow? That’s a quick turnaround.”
If Dean thought he would avoid getting turned on this early in the day, he was mistaken. “Yeah Cas, loud and clear.” Hopefully, the thrill of the ride would keep Cas from noticing the semi he was sporting from having that velvety voice mainlining into his ear canal.
If Cas notices Dean is subdued during dinner, he doesn’t mention it. Meanwhile, Dean is a ball of conflicting emotions. Bitter about Cas’s infidelity, angry at himself for getting too close, hurt that the man he loves doesn’t love him back, and extra bitter that what usually would be his idea of food heaven (perfectly cooked steak) tastes like ash in his mouth.
Checking the time, Dean realizes he needs to start getting ready. He disrobes and jumps in the shower. The thought flickers across his mind that Cas might be getting ready to shower now too. That leads to imagining what Cas’s looks like naked. All naked, and wet and gleaming, water sluicing off his body…
They arrive at the restaurant, Canlis, and are seated immediately. His good friend Hannah is the head chef and he invested in this place to help her get started, so there is always a table available to him. He walks behind Dean as they are shown their seat and he is both proud and jealous at the attention the stunning man receives as he walks by. One woman even chokes on her drink.
“Charlie will build an entire new life for us both. ID’s, bank accounts, credit history, everything…”
Dean looks up, not surprised, but remembering that his research into Castiel Novak included the guys love of classic cars. And he can’t help himself, he loves Baby too much, so he responds.
He spots Cas standing near the dance floor with a younger man. Cas has his hand on his back and is leaning his ear close, laughing at whatever it is the boy is saying.
His mind instantly focuses on an image of the green eyed Adonis he briefly crossed paths with when he went to give his statement. There was intrigue there, definitely.
Cas can’t help but smile the whole ride home. Regardless of the game they are playing, there is something real between them. Cas has never had desire for one person simmer constantly under his skin for so long before. At some point during dinner, Cas realized he was legitimately on a date with Dean, forgetting about the investigation, the robbery, all of it. Just enjoying the company of a gorgeous and desirable man. He has to adjust his slacks; he has been half hard the entire evening and replaying the moments before Dean closed the door is quickly bringing him to full mast. He grinds his palm down trying to relieve some of the aching pressure. Fuck, he’ll need to take a shower as soon as he gets home. And if he jerks off to thoughts of green eyes and bowed legs wrapped around him, who’s to know?
“Well, they don't seem to be Russian. Charlie thinks maybe Romanian, although she’s basing that on a bootleg video game she played. Says they sound exactly like the main character.”
Not having an invitation, Dean sneaks into the event through a side entrance and storms into the ball. He needs to calm down, take a breath and play this with a clear head. A waiter walks by with a tray of champagne so Dean snatches one of those and tosses it back, letting it wash his anger into a little box, deep down.
“Put your left hand on the wheel.” Dean caves and does as he says, lightly gripping the wheel like it will bite him.
Garth whips open his notepad, flipping through at least a thousand pages before stopping, “Bela Talbot, says she is a known forger and implant from the UK.”
Cole Trenton was everything Dean thought he wanted. He was head over heels, and ready to ride off into the sunset together. Until it turned out to all be a ploy to use Dean’s connections to smuggle illegal artwork and artifacts to the highest bidder. Some of whom were supplying arms to terrorist organizations and dealing in human trafficking. Furious and heartbroken, Dean vowed to never open himself up to that again. Instead, he had left an impressive run of satisfied men and woman in his rearview. There long enough to make it worth their while, but not long enough to stick.
“Not exactly Samsonite! It’s titanium. The engineer said that it'd have to absorb 15 to 20 tons to stop this gate.”
“Mr. Novak! Thank you for coming down so quickly. Special Agent Winchester, we are ready for you upstairs.”
“And if you could sign down here, please. Thank you very much Mr. Novak, these gentlemen will take you out to get your statement and finish the paperwork.”
“Dean, you wayward little shit, I missed you! Bobby said you were in town, I’m glad you finally got your ass down here to say hi. And Sam, don’t think I don’t realize that it’s been well over a month since you’ve been to visit.”
Their waiter comes over to introduce themselves and take their drink orders. Cas speaks up.  “A Scotch neat for me and I guess the gentleman would like…” Dean raises an eyebrow waiting for answer… “I guess the gentleman actually likes champagne.” He knows for a fact that Dean likes champagne.
He gets his coffee and hustles to the lineup room. As he comes in from the side door he hears Sam, “Thank you again for doing this Mr. Novak.”
“Oh!” Alfie jumps excitedly as he fast forwards to later in the day on a corridor camera feed, “They were stopped by one of our best patrons.”
Standing up, Dean moves behind him and leans close into his other ear “Your government doesn't take kindly to secret police, do they.”
“But you’re not a citizen.” Dean slowly starts to walk around the table. “There won’t be a trial. You’ll just be deported.”
He looks over to find Cas staring at the painting sheepishly. “I uh, I actually do own a copy of that.”
“Damn right you’re not a cop, if you were a cop, you’d know that this won’t hold up. Don’t you want him to go up for…”
Dean’s heart jumps at the thought of a future where he is free to do what he wants, including being with Cas, but his mind responds. “You really think there's happy ever after for people like us?”
Dean’s head jerks back in confused shock. “Oh really? What are you gonna just have it hanging back up on the wall in the museum?”
“Yeah, I’m gonna call you Cas.” And with that Dean tilts his head towards the bar and walks off, expecting Cas to follow. And heaven help him, he does.
Dean yells out Cas’s name as he feels his tongue breach him, quickly followed by a wet finger. The combination of Cas’s magical tongue and an increasing number of fingers has Dean begging for Cas to fill him. The world spins as Cas flips Dean over. The world settles to just the two of them as their eyes lock and Dean pulls Cas into his arms.
They cast off from the dock and slowly cruise out of the harbor. Cas, once again in his element on the water, guides the cruiser smoothly out into the Sound. Its soothing and beautiful, something freeing about leaving land behind.
“It’s beautiful isn’t it? I love coming here. The North Cascades is one of the least visited National Parks, and it looks it. Just water and trees and wildlife.”
“Just because you have a hunch doesn’t mean it’s true Dean. We can’t confront him about anything, everything we have is circumstantial. I’m telling you again, stay away from Novak.”
Dean looks up to see exquisite blue eyes full of concern, looking at him like he is the most precious thing in the world. But maybe that’s just wishful thinking.
Dean’s heart breaks, he is so far gone on this man, and now he has given him one of the most beautiful cars ever made. He can’t tell what is real and what isn’t. Is it all part of the game, or does it mean more? “Nah, Cas. I’d never say anything that boring.”
Sam finishes writing and they stop at the entry to the room. The security gates are halfway closed, he ducks under the gate and then steps over the velvet rope blocking the entry. He looks around. There are construction lights shining into every nook and cranny, forensics teams busy checking for fingerprints, and crime scene tape marking out an empty space on the wall where the stolen painting used to be.
Benny and Jo had followed them as soon as they left Dean’s building. Since he didn’t know where they were going, they had to tail them. He see’s Benny casually strolling towards the ticket counter of the museum and Jo following a few yards behind.
He watches as the sailing crew jump back and forth, throwing lines and cranking wheels. Castiel is climbing up on a platform that hangs off one side, his weight holding the boat down in the water. They twist back and forth, darting between big cruise liners and spontaneously racing other boats. A huge cargo ship cuts across their path, creating a large wave. Dean sees a gleam in Castiel’s eyes as he aims straight for it, mouthing a warning before the boat launches up into the air, the wake acting like a ramp. The whole crew are holding on for dear life as Cas whoops like a maniac. The boat crashes down on the other side of the wake, bow submerging before popping back up like a cork, drenching the whole crew.
Dean walks into the office feeling fantastic, if a little (read, a lot) sore, but oh in the very best way.
There it is. That man, that beautiful fucking man. He suspects Cas stole the painting. Even the FBI doesn’t suspect he stole it! Shit! He needs to stay calm, and he needs to know more about Dean, absolutely everything. Especially his motives. Keep his head in the game.
They gather the three-man crew and everyone starts working to get the sails unfurled and up to speed. The catamaran is sleekly designed and can reach speeds of up to 50 miles per hour.
He reaches for the ignition again, but then stops to open the glove box and pulls out a thick envelope.
Dean gets home, showers, and changes into sweats and a beat up AC/DC shirt before grabbing a drink and walking out onto the balcony. He looks down at his phone, finger hovering over the call button. He tosses back the entirety of his drink for courage and hits call. It picks up after three rings.
Taking some deep breaths, he straightens back up, face back in a cool, composed expression. Straightening his tie and adjusting his cuff he cocks an eyebrow at himself and walks out of the loft.
Apparently that was the wrong thing to say because he gets in the front seat, slams his door, and tosses his sunglasses on the dash before turning around.
A quick shuffle has Cas perched between his legs again, slowly stroking his cock staring down at Dean like he is the moon and stars, like everything beautiful. He leans forward and kisses Dean deeply as the head of his thick cock presses against Dean’s rim.
Dean stretches, long and languid like a cat in the sun as he blinks his eyes open and takes in the room around him. He is lying in what has to be the world’s most comfortable bed, surrounded by breathtaking art and beautiful plants surrounding the windows that look out onto the water. He’s smiling like a goof when he realizes he’s in bed alone. Looking around he see’s no sign of Cas, but does see a fluffy white bathrobe near him on the bed with a note:
“Dean, I owe you an apology. I didn’t think you would be able to see this through, but I should have known you’d never let someone close enough to play you.”
“Oh alright, I forgive you. Drinks? Food? Go ahead and take that table over there, I’ll send Jo over to you.”
“You waltz in there without even a heads up... without ONE word to me or anyone else in the department!”
His brain gets over the initial shock and forces him to follow Dean. He is able to catch up with him as the man is retrieving his coat from the coat check.
That gets a pen thrown at him. “Like 38-year-old, successful, self-involved loners. If you've found a mirror image... and think you're going to form a rewarding relationship...”
Even upset, Dean can’t help but blush at the compliment, as Cas seems the only person able to make him flush with pleasure. He turns his cheek to catch the lips Cas was aiming his way. “Thanks. Shall we?”
“Jet-lagged. Thanks.” Dean grumbles as he sets down his bag and pulls out a bottle of thick dark green-gray goo and pours it into a mug he finds on the desk. It glub-glubs into the cup in a disturbing way. He grimaces as he takes a drink and shudders as it goes down.
Knowing he scored another point in their game of intrigue, Cas gives him a satisfied smile and a simple “No.”
For some reason, Dean finds that hilarious. He doubles over laughing loudly and has to wipe a tear from his eye. Cas looks bewildered but happy as he tries to understand why Dean is in hysterics. Standing up, Dean claps Cas on the shoulder and looks into his eyes. “Don’t ever change.”
Real smooth Winchester, care to try again? His mind is blank, but his eyes get drawn down to the guy’s lips, plush with a full upper lip and looking a little chapped, Dean can’t help but flick his tongue across his own. Who is this mystery man? He looks like he is about to say something when Sam hollers across the lobby.
Once again stunned, and a little (ok a lot) turned on, Cas chases Dean outside, for some reason trying to prolong the interaction. “Can I drop you somewhere?”
Sam is trailing along, trying to look at the room with fresh eyes. “Are your Spidey senses tingling, Dean?” he teases.
“Oh excuse me!” someone bumps into Dean hard enough for him to fall into Cas’s arms. He whips his head around to scold the interloper when he sees it’s Benny. Oh, right! He’s supposed to be stealing Cas’s keys. One of Dean’s many talents is pickpocketing, and Benny was supposed to naturally find a way to bump into Dean so he could do just that. He looks back at Cas, even closer now and with his arms around Dean, and Dean almost forgets for a second time to grab the keys.
“Balthazar!” Cas hollers back towards the kitchen. A tall, blond man wearing a disturbingly low v-neck shirt saunters out from behind him. Cas hands him the warrant, “This gentleman happens to BE my attorney.”
“That was it.” And what a glorious two nights they were. Dean starts sinking back into the memories, shifting in his seat so he can feel just how glorious, when Sam interrupts his reminiscing.
The brothers glare at each other for a second before Dean cocks a smirk and winks at Sam, causing him to cave and roll his eyes and laugh. “Good to see you Dean” Sam grabs Dean in a big hug and gives him a few manly claps on the back.
Sensing Dean’s impending implosion she simply states, “Well whatever it is, I ship it.” And wanders back into the cube farm.
“I have to tell you, people like this, they might have friends. You realize they might try to make it ugly for a witness.”
There stood Dean Winchester. World traveler, lover of the ladies (and men), self-proclaimed nerd, secret genius, and security expert employed by one Fergus Crowley. He was on a plane first thing the morning after Crowley told him about the theft of the
Cas seems to struggle getting a grip on his lust before he shakes it off and steps back, hands sliding down Dean’s arms, dropping his left hand, and slotting his right fingers with Dean’s left. Good thing too, the keys were still clenched in Dean’s right hand.
After a scathing lecture from Balthazar, the search team leave the house, tails tucked between their legs as they are dismissed. Empty-handed. Sam storms back to the car, long hair bouncing with every stomp before he wrenches open the car door and gets in.
So, Cas stays right there, pounding into that same spot, over and over, punching small “hgnh…hgnh’s” out of Dean. Dean can feel himself hurtling towards the finish line but wants Cas closer, so he drops his legs off Cas’s shoulders and wraps them around his waist, sitting up and crushing their mouths together. Cas hoists Dean up onto his lap and they rock together, Cas’s surprisingly strong arms helping Dean lift and press down. With his cock now trapped between their stomachs the stimulation from all sides has Dean pulsating.
Getting ready for dinner, Dean takes extra care with his appearance. Arming himself in beautiful clothing, preparing to once again battle what is probably his greatest foe yet. The man he was foolish enough to fall in love with.
He’s pours two fingers of whiskey into a glass and just finishes sending a text to Benny when he hears the door buzzer go off. He buzzes Cas in and tosses back the drink.
Who the hell has a voice that deep? Dean feels a curl of arousal start to spread through his system once again, and takes a sip of his coffee as he looks to find the voice’s owner. He’s caught staring by Mr. Blue Eyes and Dean can’t look away until the man raises an inquiring eyebrow at him. He ducks his heads and rubs the back of his neck, trying to regain composure by sipping his coffee. Ah hell, he cannot be crushing on the witness.
Cas’s driver slows down and parks. Dean laughs as he looks up. “You brought me to the museum? Really?”
Garth starts nodding vigorously, “Kid of a great forger...who paints as well as Dad. Just hasn't been caught yet, hot damn Dean! You’re a genius.”
That sharp smile returns to her face. “Portraits. Inserting the rich into old masterpieces. The wife's face on the Mona Lisa, things like that. From Brooklyn to Greenwich in one generation... you must have the paintings to match.”
“Dean, Charlie is my cousin, and Gabe over there is my other cousin. Please sit down, we have a lot to talk about.”
Cas settles between his legs and pushes his thighs apart, hands gliding up the backs of his thighs and starts to knead the globes of Dean’s ass. “So fucking beautiful,” Cas whispers, making Dean whimper with need before being choked off in a desperate moan as he feels Cas’s tongue on his rim. Cas alternates between broad flat swipes and little kitten licks, his stubble rubbing along Dean’s skin in a maddening way.
“And what, Cas!? Just leave!? Of all the things to take with a leap of faith. How can I possibly trust you?”
Once again, Dean cannot help the smile that spreads across his face. Damn Cas is fun, he needs to be careful, he’s starting to like the guy.
“Get them things. When there’s this much money involved, it usually means I get them someone's head.”
“Ok, ok I get it. You guys are like White Collar Batman, but Cas, what does that mean for us…me.. you said something about leaving…how? What about the painting? The investigation?”
Shoving the last half of his toast into his mouth and washing it down with the dregs of his coffee, he deposits the mug in the sink on his way to grab his jacket and push the intercom.
The next morning finds Dean checking in with Charlie on Cas and his staff’s whereabouts. Cas is at work and his staff only work at the house three days a week. Luckily today is not one of those days.
Dean is pleasantly surprised when they stop at a little drive-in burger joint just a few miles down the road.
Walking in through the front doors of the FBI building, he watches his steps as he collects his thoughts, preparing for the task ahead. A few steps in, he crashes into a solid body. Quickly grasping the shoulders of his assailant, he looks up, and up until he meets the most stunning green eyes he’s ever seen.
“Right. In a chopper with a 600-pound useful load. You figure you'll wrap this by morning do ya?” He finishes smugly.
“Because you’re my second favorite cousin, and I want to see you happy. And honestly, I’m worried about what this life will do to you in the long run if you don’t have some balance. We operate in a morally grey area, but lately…you seem to crave it more. The game. I worry you will become more and more reckless. And I don’t want to lose you. I found Kali, she gets it, she understands, and she loves me regardless. If I can find someone, so can you.”
“Really Dean? Have you been living under a rock? Castiel Novak is one of the top 40 billionaires under 40. Washington native, champion of bees and sustainable agriculture, philanthropist, and known for crushing opponents in the boardroom. Really? Nothing?”
Woo! Fieldwork season is over! I am desk bound for the most part until spring so I should be able to get this finished soon. Thank you for all your patience everyone!
He picks up his phone again to make a call to his (don’t tell Gabe) and Gabe’s favorite cousin, the only person who can make people disappear with style, and requests their presence to meet Dean. He told Dean to come by the house tomorrow to discuss the possibilities, the future…
Considering the size of the lot, the smallish scale of the home makes Dean feel surrounded by nature and far from the city. Looking around he can see nothing but lush gardens, trees, and flashes of light reflecting off the waves at the shoreline. His observations are interrupted as Garth pulls up behind them, lights flashing and sirens blaring, prompting Sam to get out of the car. He turns back and ducks down, pointing a finger at Dean. “Remember, stay here! If I need you, I will text you.”
“At least four… I believe five,” Castiel answered. His grace could sense their dark energies moving around the house next door—a brick colonial-style home in a 1940s suburb. The neighborhood in Dearborn, Michigan was quiet and upscale—not a place where screaming and violence were normal nightly occurrences. It would be hard to break in and kill five vampires without rousing the neighbors and inviting police attention.
, despite it all! Why did the Empty have to be so cruel? Was this fair? He had no right to complain about fairness. Perhaps this was what he deserved, after all he’d done, all the chaos he’d sowed. But if he had no free will after all—if everything he’d been and done was just part of God’s latest novel, and not his own doing—how did he deserve to be punished for his happiness? How did any of them deserve it?
Jack had gone back out the door, and now elbowed his way in again with an armload of clothing. “We brought your clothes up, though Sam said you might not want them yet.”
Cas wasn’t sure he liked that plan as much—he’d rather be with Dean in the thick of the action. But Sam did have a point…
“You shoulda let Cas go,” Dean chastised. He turned again to see Cas laying his fingers on Sam’s cheekbones, and Sam gasping, startled at the electric icy-hot current warming his skin. Sam raised his hands and grasped onto the angel’s wrists.
Dean looked up at Cas through his eyelashes, mouth still stuffed with cock, to see the angel’s blue eyes blazing back at him. Cas tightened his hand in Dean’s hair and growled,
Twenty minutes went by, with Dean watching the Impala’s gas gauge drop below ¼ tank as the car idled. The old girl’s heater was no match for the wind and cold outside, which seeped through every seam and rivet. Pretty soon Dean couldn’t speak without stuttering and slurring, and he could feel Cas’ annoyance at his recalcitrance. He hunched down farther in the seat, wrapping his arms tighter around his quaking body. Cas had offered twice to warm him, and twice he’d said
Dean’s left hand lay open in his lap, fingers curled, and Cas reached down to brush his knuckles gently. How many times had he healed that hand? Inclining his head just an inch or two, he dared to plant a kiss in his friend’s hair. Never had he been quite so brave, or presumed to be so intimate—but it felt right. Castiel wished fervently that he could feel this closeness as a human would—Dean’s warmth, the smell of his body, the touch of his hair against Castiel’s lips. It wasn’t meant to be, perhaps—but he was at the very least thankful for what it
Jack met his eyes again, this time with an expression of mild dread. “What’s the other important thing?”
Dean snorted a little and closed his eyes, but somehow he could still feel Castiel’s gaze upon him. Could feel the warmth radiating from his friend’s body under the blankets. He tried not to think about what he’d just seen in the bathroom—though his mind wanted to go there. The lush, round curve of Castiel’s pale ass… a muscular thigh… No, not going to go there. He let his thoughts drift instead back to those nights with Cas in the bunker… and to nights he’d spent piled up with Sammy, when they were very young and alone in some strange motel room. It was nice, having someone close at night. It was the thing he missed most about being with Lisa. Well, besides the regular sex. Just having someone close. Even when he was the protector, and not the protected, there was something so comforting and soothing about another body close at hand. Was this the first time he was admitting that need to himself? Maybe he was just getting old…
Would that ever happen? he had wondered. Perhaps the Keeper was angry that he’d been there hours earlier to speak to Ruby, and escaped—had it broken the deal? Or was it here now because he was actually happy? Happy, in something so simple as his beloved friend drooling on his shirt?
Dean took a deep breath and blew it slowly out his mouth. He backed off the accelerator a bit, but he really just wanted to get off this godforsaken highway and out of Snowmageddon before dark. Without having punched Sam or Cas.
That gets a small smile from Dean, “I bet if you look, you’ll find Alex Morgenstern lives in New York.”
Unease starts to creep into Dean’s mind. He clears his throat and looks down to shuffle some papers on his desk. “Not really.”
Ash quickly and calmly removes the alarm panel cover and connects leads and wires to who-knows-what, followed by a flurry of keyboard ballet on his laptop. The clackity clack seems to be going on a little longer than Dean is comfortable with. Benny starts counting down.
Dean grabs the file from Sam when he walks back, and flips through it as he waits for the transfer. “Any new info on these douchebags yet? Did Charlie find anything?”
Castiel curls his hand around Dean’s outstretched one and shakes, noticing the calloused strength of it. Ah fuck…those hands. Is everything about this man perfect?
“Oh come on! I cut through the crap, alright? I mean, how long was it gonna take you, Sam? Weeks of wire taps, if you could get them. Guys tailing him to the bathroom… I found out in ten minutes. He did it! The smug son of a bitch did it.”
The anticipation grew and Dean couldn’t help but think of his opponent as he starts the shower. Was Cas looking forward to another round in their game of cat and mouse? Or was he nervous. Did he think he got the drop on Dean by asking him out to dinner?
Sam continues, watching Dean's gelatinous nightmare of a beverage, “We thought we'd start with the security tapes… What is that?”
The boat flies across the Sound, the wind rushing by making Castiel feel like he is flying. He has always been a little bit of an adrenaline junky. Holding on tight, he hangs out the side, one arm out cupping air like a wing, the spray of the ocean cooling the hot sun on his face. He can’t help but laugh with the utter joy of the moment, worries temporarily forgotten.
He climbs into his beloved car, a 1967 Impala that he tunes up whenever he is home, and heads out to the apartment he keeps downtown. It’s a beautiful old building near Pike Street Market that was completely redone and turned into high end lofts. His faces the Puget Sound and has a balcony that runs the full length of the building. No matter where he is, he always needs a place of peace and quiet to call his own where he can process his thoughts and relax. This particular home was his sanctuary the first and last time his heart was broken.
The sunroom is more like a very fancy greenhouse with furniture inside. One side has a small dining set where there are already plates and a silver coffee set present. Dean sets the tray down and turns back as Cas follows him in carrying a tall glass of Dean’s gray-green smoothie cure-all.
Dean wanders around poking at the art on the walls and fiddling with items on the mantle, he is reaching for what appears to be a rabbits foot when he hears a crisp British accent from the doorway, “Unless you want to have a horrendous day, I suggest you do not touch that.”
Cas leads Dean to his study, holding open the door and guiding Dean inside with a large hand on the small of his back. Inside is Gabe and—
Dean laughs out in awe and pure joy as Cas guides him up to speed and they are flying over the ocean.
Sam follows his finger down the page looking for whatever it is that has Dean excited. His finger stops suddenly, reading a name he didn’t expect:
Dean feels like he’s been kicked in the gut. What the fuck is Charlie doing here? Why is the FBI here? Is Sam here? Did Cas narc on him? What the ever loving fuc—
The bartender slides them their drinks, and Dean picks his up and clinks his glass to Cas’s as he smirks saying, “I’m in the art world.”
He shakes the pleasure he got from that statement off and follows Cas inside. As he walks through the living room, he notices a wooden cargo box leaning against the couch, the type of box that would typically be used to transport a painting. Choosing to ignore that for the time being, he finds Cas in a bedroom opening the closet doors.
“You too Sam. Now, I’m here to get the painting back, Crowley is pissed and that thing costs a pretty penny. You gonna let me in on your investigation party?”
Even distorted across the wires it makes Dean shiver. He finishes tying his laces, does a quick check…
Maybe it’s the privacy of the helmets, the close space feeling like a confessional, but he speaks his mind. “…a long time since I’ve been able to just let go, to just enjoy something without having to worry about work, or Sam, or where I’m going next. It’s almost a weird feeling, you know?”
He comes embarrassingly quickly, and he stares unfocused as his sticky cum washes away. Flushed and languid Dean smiles dopily before he realizes he just got off to thoughts of Cas.
Dean glares at Sam, but looks back at the screen. “I don’t know. Something.” He turns to leave the office. He needs to walk the scene.
A little old man wearing tweed meets them in the lab. Sam introduces them. “This is Dr. Cornelius of Manhattanville. He is the leading expert in North America and specializes in authentication. He’s going to use an x-ray magnifier to look for anomalies in the painting.”
Cas tilts his head, a slight frown on his face as if he can tell something is wrong, but he takes the keys. Dean moves around him and gets into the passenger side as Cas goes to the driver’s side and slides in, cranking the ignition and turning the radio down low. Sweet and sad classical music flows through the night air as they drive the winding roads back towards the city.
“Very good, Dean.” If Cas keeps purring into his ear Dean is going to crash this boat. “Now, place your right hand on the throttle.” Dean complies.
“BECAUSE THAT’S WHAT YOU WANTED ME TO BE!” Dean roars and it echoes in the trees. Dean stops in his tracks when he hears Cas’s response.
Dean looks smug and Cas hates it, but he needs to be clear on what Dean is saying. Keeping his face calm and raising an eyebrow at Dean,” So you….”
As they leave the restaurant, Cas turns Dean towards him and hands him a small box. Curious Dean opens it and pulls out a set of car keys, Cas looks over his shoulder and there, gleaming beautifully in the moonlight is a
Castiel hangs up the phone, his blood buzzing and his heart beating with hope. Dean wants to be taught. He didn’t exactly say that he was one hundred percent on board, but Cas will take this and run with it.
He quickly pulls a new trash bag from his jacket pocket and gently places the painting inside. Walking towards the front of the house, he hollers for everyone to get their asses back to the van.
“They do speak English!” Gloating, Dean sits down and kicks his feet up on Sam’s desk. “It was a prepackaged robbery. He picked them up in Tacoma. They were given timetables, electrical...
“Hello Dean.” Cas’s voice rumbles in his ear. “The helmets are Bluetooth enabled, am I coming through?”
She gave him a location within a block radius of Novak and he has been casually walking around trying to spot him until he sees him going into a coffee shop. Dean waits for a couple of customers to go ahead of him and then waits in line, keeping an eye on that messy bedhead and trying not to let his eyes roam along the broad shoulders and beautiful neck. Castiel acknowledges someone waving at him from a booth near the back window and he walks towards the table after ordering his drink.
Doubts still linger in Dean’s mind, Cas didn’t outright confess any feelings, the investigation is still on going, he can’t see anymore what’s real and what’s not. And it’s all tangled up in his heart beating
“We have to abide by the law Dean, not everyone can just go around doing whatever the fuck they want…” Sam’s tirade is interrupted by his cell phone ringing. He picks up.
“Nah, I have my car here, but thanks.” Dean turns and walks to his car, keys held out to him by the valet. It is a perfectly restored 1967 Chevy Impala, midnight black and lustrous.
Pfffttt…. Stay away from Novak. Is he kidding? Dean has a job, and it’s the painting, no matter what it takes to get it back. Hence why he is slightly stalking the guy the next day. Dean called Charlie early this morning to have her track Castiel down.
Cas hits the ignition and the bike roars to life before settling into a throaty purr. The vibrations are not going to help.
“You call Bobby a fancy pants and I’m sure he’ll whack you,“ Sam laughs, “also, he says Hi and that you need to be there for Sunday dinner or else Ellen will hunt you down.”
Bobby looks unamused. “Dean! Did I hear right? You just waltzed into Novak’s empty house, dug around all his shit, and stole that stolen painting from his house?!”
Almost in a trance, he raises his head as they cruise onto a bridge, it feels like it is practically floating, with water on both sides contained by soaring canyon walls covered in lush green fir trees. He can’t help but smile as he takes in the beauty of the area. Eyes ahead they climb, meandering up the side of the canyon, the lake on their left. They reach the pinnacle of the climb and slow down to pull off at the viewpoint.
Quickly grabbing the guy under the chin, he jerks his head back and whispers “Was für einen Spaß würden sie mit dir haben, hm?”
Standing up, Dean moves behind him and leans close into his other ear “Ihre Regierung nimmt die Geheimpolizei nicht freundlich auf, oder?”
Dean, chest heaving and blood thrumming in his veins can’t take it anymore and turns quickly to crush his lips against Cas’s, fisting his hand in that soft hair, mussing it up. He licks his way into Cas’s mouth, desperate to be engulfed in the flames of this lust. Cas swirls his tongue and sucks on Dean’s, driving him to higher peaks, but eventually gentles the kiss and pulls away. Dean whimpers and slowly opens his eyes to see Cas’s staring at him; the blue of his eyes swallowed by the aroused dilation of his pupils. Fuck, the picture of a rumpled and lusting Cas is burned into his brain forever…why are they not kissing right now?
Dean can feel the panic rising in his chest again, Cas must see it too because he comes over to kneel beside Dean, grabbing hold of his hands and soothing his thumbs over Deans knuckles.
Sam rolls his eyes but also can’t help being concerned about Dean. He fears his brother has gotten himself in too deep. He’ll just have to get this investigation solved so Dean can move on.
Cas hears the shower tun on, so he starts putting together a lasagna and gets it into the oven before starting a fire in the firepit. He is putting some garlic bread in just as Dean wanders out in just pajama pants with a white towel hanging around his neck. Cas’s mind goes blank as all that delicious, freckled skin is exposed, one drop of water escaping to slide down his torso. Dinner is now the furthest thing from his mind. Dean grins at Cas and wanders out to the porch off the dining room to check out the twilight
Walking through Cas’s house is a delight to the senses. Dean can’t help but admire the guy’s taste. Everything is made of luxurious materials, with an emphasis on natural stone, wood, and fibers, in neutral dark and light palettes. All of which is offset by copious amounts of natural light coming in from windows everywhere, and displays of artwork, paintings, artifacts, and statues from all parts of the world, and all times in history. Almost as if Cas purchases art that he likes instead of going for a theme.
“Wait a minute. You're telling me that for some reason... the area around that particular painting went above 90?”
Charlie is their tech genius by day and vigilante hacker by night. She can create or hide anything and everything. Charlie is technically a contractor for the federal government, not a federal employee, and in her role as FBI consultant she feeds information and evidence into the system when or if she can. However, the judicial system is clunky, inefficient, and much of the time isn’t successful in catching the real culprits, and that’s where the cousins pursue their own brand of justice.
They cruise along, Cas hugging Dean from behind and watching with his chin tucked over his shoulder, whispering directions, praise, and boat driving tips and tricks to him. Once again, the rest of the world fades away to just the two of them.
Cas is tense, eyes locked on the man before him. Dean steps close and his eyes flick down to Cas’s lips, causing Cas to unconsciously lick them. His heart skips a beat when Dean answers. “Oh, I hope so.”
“Damn, I hate being a foregone conclusion.” Dean is amused yet shaken as he is reminded that the investigation still exists, that Cas stole the painting and his little bubble of peaceful bliss pops. As they sit down and start breakfast, which is delicious and Dean is annoyed that Cas is also apparently an amazing cook, he starts back in on playing the game.
“Morgenstern” Sam and Garth turn their heads over to Dean at his interruption, likely curious about why Dean knows the name of an art forger.
He gives the gathering a small wave and as he steps down from the stage he notices the beautiful man he crashed into at the FBI office is waiting for him at the bottom of the steps. Castiel’s breath catches, his mind did not lie when it remember just how exquisite this man is. The gorgeous face matches an equally gorgeous body. Broad shoulders are complimented by muscular arms and a solid chest. The trim and muscular torso meets narrow hips and flows down to charmingly bowed legs. Castiel imagines the bow would make it so very easy for those legs to wrap around him and draw him in close.
