get away,” says Tony. He ignores the eyes of the others as he flicks his wrists and holds his arms out, waiting for his armour to fly from the workshop and attach itself to his body. Tony finds comfort in the cool air blowing against his face as it serves to calm the rapid beating of his heart. He hasn’t stepped foot inside the Iron Man armour since the events of the Accords. Looking at the red and gold helmet brought back too many painful memories of friends lost and relationships broken, and Tony just
Bruce’s eyes widen as he finally realises what Tony is talking about. He seems torn between denying that he said anything and making an excuse for himself. After a few seconds, Bruce appears to decide on the latter. “I was trying to be there for you. You need help and you were never going to get it yourself.”
Tony groans. He keeps his eyes shut firmly as he turns on his side to go back to sleep, only for him to realise that he is not in his California King bed and is, instead, on the floor of his workshop. He sits up with a jolt. Dum-E and U roll over to him at such a pace that he is worried their wheels will catch on something and they will fall, but they don’t stop until they reach their creator. Tony sits there, dumbfounded and –
“We have not found anything of the like, boss. Mr. Wilson did not catch anyone suspicious around the Tower, and neither did any of the CCTV cameras around Manhattan. It appears that Spymaster is something of a ghost.”
destructive training purposes.
Tony clears his throat and looks down. “No I- I know, Pepper. I get it. You did what you had to do.”
“Well,” says Tony as dozens and dozens of bright flashes begin blinding him now that he doesn’t have a pair of sunglasses to slip on. “It appears that we’ve been found.”
“Does it matter?!” yells Tony, nearly throwing the bottle at the wall with the force that he flings his arms out. “That’s two things you conveniently forgot to mention to me, but yet again
The longer Steve watches Tony, the more he notices the tense line in the man’s shoulders and the slight waver in his voice. Steve’s gut wrenches and he runs a hand through his hair.
“Have a safe journey, sir,” she says. “Agent Barton is inquiring where you are heading to, boss, shall I give him the message?”
“Not to be rude, but how are we meant to help if he’s practically allergic to talking about his emotions? Oh, and not to mention the fact that he cannot stay in the same room as two of the people here without freaking out. How could we even start to help him?” says Clint with his eyebrows furrowed together and arms crossed over his chest loosely.
Barnes tilts his head. “Can I ask you somethin’?”
. Tony has been living and working in his Malibu home for a little over a month now, and it’s been working rather well for him. He texts Nat and Bruce regularly and they fill him in on the happenings in the Tower and about all of the funny things that Tony has missed, most revolving around Clint or Sam. Rhodey calls him twice a week without fail and Tony listens to his best friend rant about his recovery and hospital visits and “
Bucky stays silent for a minute and narrows his eyes as he observes Steve’s figure, hunched over a StarkPad and typing rapidly. He can’t help but feel like Steve isn’t telling him the truth, and it confuses him because Steve promised that he would always tell Bucky what was going on, no exceptions. Bucky crosses his arms over his chest and frowns.
“I believe you’ve done enough today, Steve, thank you. But if you don’t mind, Happy needs some rest and having too many people in the apartment will make him restless,” Pepper states, leaving no room for argument as she motions for him to follow her. “I’ll show you out.”
...” he whispers.
“What are you saying, exactly?” asks Bucky from where he’s leaning against one of the counters in the kitchen. Bruce notes that his near-permanent scowl has taken on a much darker look, or else it’s Bucky’s dark hair hanging over his face that gives off the effect. Either way, it makes Bucky look much more pissed off than usual.
Steve looks shocked and takes a hesitant step forward, which makes Tony wince and he lets out an extremely pathetic and involuntary whimper. Bruce takes one look at Tony’s pale complexion and says, “Steve, I think you and your friend should settle into your rooms.”
“I really, really don’t think you’re allowed to call us that.”
Tony stands from his workbench and stretches his arms over his head. “Have we figured out how Spymaster gained access to the Tower yet? Or how he managed to disable your audio and visual feed connected to the penthouse?”
“Now, if everyone could leave my floor so that I may sleep in peace that would be great.”
“Welcome back, boss,” comes FRIDAY’s voice. Tony releases a soft laugh and watches as lines of code and data appear before his eyes before they vanish and the suit is ready for use.
For those curious, Ptichye Moloko (in English: Bird's Milk) cakes are famous Russian soufflé cakes and is also a popular candy.
“Barnes, I’m doing you a favour here, so you can be an ass later when your arm doesn’t hurt, alright?” snaps Tony. Surprisingly, Barnes nods and takes a seat on a stool, looking at the screen expectantly.
1) This fic has been abandoned for nearly seven months, in which I spent those months opening the word document and staring at the blinking cursor without actually
“A simple one,” Barnes responds, shrugging. He stares at Tony shamelessly, situated on the couch opposite with a glass of water in his hand. Tony huffs and slams his own glass down onto the coffee table with more force than necessary.
“Jesus,” says Sam once the footage ends and the holographic screen disappears.
Steve knows it’s a lie. Tony knows that Steve knows it’s a lie. Neither of them says anything for a long moment.
“Think with your head, not your heart.” Pepper places a hand on Steve’s shoulder and he glances up to meet her eyes, which have softened considerably. “You’ll be surprised how much falls into place once you do.”
Steve can’t see it, but Tony clenches his hands into fists and wills back the oncoming panic attack and wave of fresh tears. “You’re wasting your time, Steve,” he says in a voice so soft that the words are almost a whisper.
For a moment, Tony stares at Bruce like he’s the dumbest man he’s ever met. Bruce isn’t offended, and he merely waits until Tony says what he wants to say. It comes out after another long moment of silence. “Has it not occurred to you,” he whispers quietly. “That maybe I don’t want to get better?”
“Too much,” murmurs Bruce. Tony shoots him a look.
“He, uh, he asked JARVIS to tell him whenever I was having a bad dream and-” Clint pauses as he smiles fondly at the memory. “- he would come in with two cups of hot chocolate and keep talking until I fell asleep. He even learned sign language just so I wouldn’t have to go to the effort of having to put my hearing aid back in.”
“That is a question for yourself, boss, since it was you and you alone that programmed me,” responds FRIDAY in a dry tone.
A long pause ensues. “Sure thing, boss.”
“Anything else, sir? Back massage, maybe?” Pepper asks dryly.
“I’m giving you space, Tony. More importantly, I’m giving you my trust. I’m trusting that you will make a decision that benefits you, and if keeping whatever you did in the workshop a secret is something that will do that, then I won’t intervene.”
“Leave them out of this, Tony,” growls Steve, eyes narrowing slightly. “What does that have to do with any of this?”
“Fair enough,” concedes Natasha with a nod. “Do what’s best for you, Tony. We only wanted to see if you would like to give him a message.”
Tony doesn’t have to explain who he means when he says ‘them’, Bucky catches on pretty quickly. Tony gets slammed into the wall because of that remark, but he honestly expected a lot worse so he takes it with a small grunt.
“Bucky, please,” Steve pleads.
and his anger is burning brighter than ever before.
Tony remains by the door staring at his close friend laying in the hospital bed, transfixed. The lamp seems to showcase the worst of Happy’s injuries; the gashes covering his face and neck, the singed clumps of hair, the burn marks littering his arms and presumably other areas covered by the hospital gown and sheets. Pepper rests her cheek against Happy’s limp hand and turns her gaze upon Tony, looking exhausted and worn yet still prepared to knock some heads together if she must.
“Anything to make you feel included, Cap,” mutters Tony with a roll of his eyes. Steve pats Dum-E’s claw gently and barely manages to hold in a sigh.
The kitchen is silent for a moment until Natasha hops down from the counter gracefully and gives Bucky a stern look. “Grow up, James.”
Tony swallows his second mouthful of pie and shakes his head. “No, you sit down, Pep. I’ll get them.”
Steve curses and runs a hand over his face. “No one saw anything suspicious?”
“Y’think?” Barnes growls, eyes screwed shut. Tony ignores him and continues to direct Bruce and Natasha through the mess of jumbled wires, untangling them on the way, and instructs them on how exactly to remove the gear without causing Barnes any further pain. Tony holds his breath for the minutes it takes to remove the gear, but once Bruce removes it with a triumphant noise Tony breathes a heavy sigh of relief and slumps back against the sofa.
“I have to go, Pep.”
Those words are like a blow to the chest. Steve always knew that things between he and Tony would never be the same again and that it would take a lot of time and effort to rekindle their past romance after the war, but he never expected
Steve glances up at him and gives him a brief smile before he returns to his work, muttering a distracted, “Hey, Buck.”
“Let’s say that you’re right,” says Bruce slowly, keeping his tone light and casual. “What would you do?”
, and that we could be
“I- Sure, yeah...” Steve trails off, feeling more than a little clueless. “Why?”
? It wasn’t like things could get any worse between them, and he figured they needed to sort out some of their bigger differences. Tony’s anxiety is eased with the knowledge that, should Barnes try anything, FRIDAY will not hesitate to call in reinforcements. Tony hopes it won’t come to that, but former Hydra assassins are not known for being predictable.
“So, that’s an act of kindness I didn’t expect, and you must have some good qualities if you can get a woman like Natasha to like you. I’m sayin’ maybe I’m wrong about you, and that my protectiveness over Steve could be cloudin’ my judgement a bit. Figured you deserve the benefit of the doubt.”
“What were you thinking?! You manage to break
before sobs wrack through his entire body, which is sensitive and bruised and littered with deep cuts and he thinks he may have a broken collarbone but he cannot stop crying and it isn’t until a nurse runs in, followed by an anxious looking Pepper, and injects him with a syringe that he ends up asleep once more.
“Tony.” His voice cracks as he says Tony’s name. Tony continues walking, trying to ignore the large blonde directly behind him and the building panic and anger rising within him. “Tony, will you listen to me for a second?”
. Things haven’t been okay for a very long time, Bruce. I’ve suffered through it for long enough. I think I’m entitled to a break.”
“That’s all I ask.”
Tony doesn’t bother trying to decipher the Russian term and instead lay back against the couch with a loud sigh. He’s so fucked.
“FRIDAY,” he gasps. “Initiate system lockdown; no one gets in here until I say otherwise, understand?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thank you,” he tells her seriously. “It won’t take long.”
. “Yeah, yeah ... I did.”
“Are you even listening to me?!” she exclaims. Tony sighs loudly and throws his hands into the air.
“Time spent on you is never a waste, Tony,” Steve responds.
“Remind me again why two of my closest friends are lunatic scientists?” she asks Tony, who laughs loudly. Bruce can be heard muttering under his breath from somewhere off-camera, and then there’s the sound of test tubes clinking together and more beeping. Tony and Natasha share a look of bewilderment before deciding that they’re better off not knowing.
P.S. I hope everyone has a great 2017!
Around the ghost of a smile, Tony whispers, ‘
“You don’t know shit about what I need,” Tony snarls. “What I need is for people to stop going behind my back because they think they know what’s best for me. None of you get a say in how I handle my own problems. None of you get to say if and when I need help. You weren’t trying to be there for me, you were trying to fix me, but I can fix myself just fine if you would all
“I’m afraid you’re not the first person to tell me that.”
“Ms. Potts is trying to reach you but is unable to as your mobile phone is currently inactive. Shall I-”
Tony flinches like he’s been slapped. “Sorry, Pep. I guess I just don’t really know what else to do.”
“Hello, boss,” she says. “The battery of your mobile phone died late yesterday evening while you slept. You have three missed calls from Agent Barton, one from Mr. Wilson, and seventeen from Captain Rogers. You also have two text messages from Agent Romanoff, one from Dr. Banner, and ten from Captain Rogers. Miss Potts has informed Colonel Rhodes of your whereabouts and he has requested that you call him whenever you have a moment. The Scarlet Witch has also requested that I tell you to find peace during your time away and to keep well.”
An awkward silence falls over them. Pepper, despite looking frighteningly powerful at all times, seems unsure of herself and her actions as she hovers by the door. Tony worries his bottom lip between his teeth and scratches at the old and faded scars on his arms.
"I'm scared, okay?!" yells Tony, slamming the wrench down onto the work bench with a dry sob. He seems just as startled, if not more, than Steve feels at the sudden admission and it stuns them both into a suffocating silence. Finally, Tony turns to look at him with sad eyes and a trembling lower lip, and he whispers, "I'm terrified, Steve.”
“Ms. Potts would not be pleased, sir, but if it’s what you wish...”
“Stark?”
“At least you’ll be with who?” asks Natasha after a very long silence. Her gaze is directed at Tony and he knows that she understands exactly what he meant but she wants him to explain anyway. He shrugs and then winces slightly when the action causes his shoulder to erupt with pain.
“You bet,” he replies, voice muffled around the delicious pancakes. “Fuck, I love these pancakes. They’re almost as good as Natasha’s ptichye moloko cakes.”
“Whose fault is it, then? Stop running away from your responsibilities, Tony! You’re not a child anymore!” Steve exclaims, running a frustrated hand through his blonde hair. “I’m trying to make this work between us, but it’s a little difficult when all you do is avoid me instead of sitting down and talking to me, like an
“All inhabitants of the Tower are currently in the living room in your penthouse discussing how to gain access to the workshop. I believe their favoured plan is to break the door, sir.”
“You know I didn’t mean it like that,” says the blonde quietly. Tony grunts in response, so Steve speaks again. “You know a lot of things – about science, about business... about me.”
. I’m afraid that if I put my art out there, it’ll lose its meaning and be just another thing in my life that has changed. I’m not going to let that happen, not if I can help it.”
“Sir,” says FRIDAY, seeming urgent. “My access to your penthouse floor seems to have been revoked and the camera feeds have been disconnected. Shall I-”
He hangs up before Pepper can say anything else. Tony grabs his bag and phone, exits his car, and locks it over his shoulder as he heads towards the door of the plane. He greets the pilot when he boards and takes his seat quickly. The rest of his 5 hour flight is spent sleeping and going over legal documents and everything that keeps him from thinking too much.
Barnes finally seems to realise that his presence is unwanted and makes a quick escape, only hesitating in the slightest as he passes Tony. The elevator doors open for him and as soon as they shut again, Tony’s knees buckle from beneath him. Shaking hands come up to cover the glowing reactor protruding from his chest as he heaves and sobs. He can still feel the metal arm wrenching and twisting in a desperate attempt to end Tony’s life, can still feel the immense pain in his chest caused by the pressure placed on it, and can still see Barnes’ features twisted into a snarl as he tries to kill Tony in the worst way possible. It never fails to remind him of Obadiah, and that just ends up setting off a whole new wave of anxiety and anger. Tony isn’t sure when the panic attack subsides and when the sobbing begins because they both feel the same, and isn’t that realisation just a kick in the teeth?
“Those cakes are my lifeline, I couldn’t live without them,” says Tony through another mouthful of pancakes, washing the remnants away with scorching hot coffee before continuing. “Plus, you haven’t made them in a while, so this is my way of subtly hinting.”
“To the workshop, FRIDAY,” he orders, breathing out a sigh of relief.
“Technicalities,” scoffs Tony, waving a hand around flippantly. He chews on the inside of his lip for a moment in thought. “Tell Nat and Bruce that I’m awake, and that they’re video chatting with me in five minutes whether they like it or not.”
Natasha eventually notices him and stops the mixer, throwing him a pleased half-smile from across the room. “Tony, come-”
Tony grunts around the mini screwdriver in his mouth and turns to the screen to his right. He enlarges a part of the holographic blueprint of Clint’s new hearing aid/comm. link and studies it for a moment. The clicking of Pepper’s heels against the floor grows louder the closer she get to the workshop, not that Tony is paying attention to anything other than his work. With minimum effort, he wheels himself backwards in his stool to grab another screwdriver with a different head from his mini toolkit and hums along to the music playing. Pepper clears her throat as Tony is unscrewing a piece of the hearing aid to get a closer look at the wiring.
“Never in a wheelchair, though.” At that, Tony pushes the door open and he and Rhodey are instantly bombarded by flashing lights, lots of snapping sounds, and dozens of questions roared into their ears. Tony keeps a careful poker face on and focuses on getting Rhodey to his car safely.
“I’m already getting dressed,” Rhodey cuts in abruptly. Tony can’t help but smile and has to wipe under his eyes to catch the few tears that dared to fall. “You can explain it to me once I get there, okay? Try not to beat yourself up over it, Tony.”
Rhodey crosses his arms over his chest and shakes his head. “Cut the shit, Tones. What did you do?”
“I already told you that I’m busy, FRIDAY. I don’t have time to watch some stupid video.”
“No, thank you,” she replies, shaking her head so that her ponytail flicks from side to side. “The doctors have some tests to do later which should take a while, so I’ll be heading home then.”
Natasha sets the electric mixer down and looks over her shoulder at Bruce, who is looking at Tony in surprise and dusting his hands off on his apron.
“That sounds an awful lot like Post Traumatic Stress Disorder,” mutters Bruce, to which Tony laughs. The doctor’s expression turns cold. “This is serious, Tony. You should have told me sooner.”
“Great. Just tell them that I’ve gone someplace safe for a while to work in peace, and that they can leave all messages with you because I won’t be answering my phone. On second thought, maybe I should leave a different one for Nat and Bruce... Yeah, I’ll do that. Tell Natasha and Bruce that I’m going to Malibu and that they can expect a video call from me whenever I land.”
“I’ll try,” mutters Tony after a long pause. He scratches absentmindedly at his arms which are crossed over his chest like a protective barrier. “For you, I’ll try.”
It takes less than five minutes for all of them to reach the kitchen, and when they do they look on in pity and mild horror. Bruce, Natasha, and Rhodey are the only three who dare to approach the mess of an engineer. Natasha has to hold Tony’s shoulders back to make sure that he doesn’t make any sudden movements and looks on in sympathy as Bruce announces that Tony definitely requires medical attention, and Rhodey pulls his wheelchair up next to Tony’s seat and allows his best friend to rest his head on his shoulder.
“What’s wrong with my workshop?” he asks with an exaggerated pout. He crosses his arms over his chest and Pepper grins at him and rolls her eyes.
“Y’know, you’re everythin’ I hate about people all put together into one billionaire,” says the unwelcome guest. He shifts on the couch and flexes the fingers of his metal arm, which increases Tony’s oncoming panic attack ten-fold. “But what I’m startin’ to learn about this new life is that no one is how they seem anymore. Somethin’ tells me that you’re one of the finest examples of that there is.”
“Hey, honey bear,” murmurs Tony. “Sorry for waking you.”
“My art is one of the only things that have survived all these years with me. When I sit down in front of a canvas or with a sketchpad, it’s like I’m right back where it all started; Brooklyn in the ’40s with Bucky saving me from getting my ass kicked, helping my Ma with the groceries, goofing off with the Howlies. Those memories are special, private. They’re
Rhodey shows up the next morning in his wheelchair, takes one look at Tony, and promptly rolls over his best friend’s foot. Tony wakes with a startled yelp, which amuses Pepper and coaxes a smile out of her. She releases Happy’s hand to walk around the bed and hugs the Colonel tightly. He hugs her back with a warm smile.
“You’ll live.”
Tony noticeably pales, which is rather worrying because Steve didn’t think Tony could get any paler at the moment, and he stares at the bottle on the table as if it has offended him. Then, seemingly done without much thought, the bottle is slid across the surface of the kitchen table towards Bucky and Tony bites down on the neckline of his shirt and straightens out his fingers all at once, screaming into the fabric through clenched teeth from the pain of it. The action startles both of the super soldiers and leaves them gaping from across the room.
“Tony, stop whining and come on. You haven’t trained properly in who knows how long, and even if you’re not an Avenger anymore you still need to keep fit and prepared for an attack.” Natasha glares at Tony when he opens his mouth to object. “You’re not getting out of this.”
Bucky is silent for a moment. He stands abruptly, and it’s enough to make Tony flinch and revert back to his previous anxious state.
“You’re staying?” she asks. Tony nods. “Great! I’ll grab you some pillows and a blanket.”
Tony takes another gulp from his bottle before nodding once, slowly, in agreement. “Sam’s right. We should do something, but not to Barnes. What about you, Steve? When were you going to tell me that you knew? Or were you ever going to?”
that he did this! He used Happy as bait to try to kill me, like he’s been trying to do for years! I’ve exhausted every other possibility and this is the only one that works, for Christ’s sake!”
Tony takes in a deep breath and walks over to the far corner of his workshop, where the space resembles more of his lab upstairs than it does the rest of the workshop. There isn’t as much of a clutter in this side of the workshop, though, and the workbench is empty aside from a small glass box with a keypad on the front. Tony enters the six-digit code and the small glass chamber opens, releasing a cloud of mist. He waits until the mist clears and carefully grabs one of the test tubes with two of his undamaged fingers, which proves to be harder than it looks but Tony eventually manages to place it in a holder to be left for the time being.
“I have been informed that Captain America has been doing some research, sticking his nose in where it does not belong. He also visited the two people that you
“Not unless you do anything that I just told you not to do, which I’m sure one of you will because apparently that’s a common thing for you guys. I’m sick and tired of being patronized. You fuck up and I will be more than happy to kick you out.”
“So you could, what, bring me to a therapist and I’d magically get better? Give me more pills? I’d rather drink myself to death,” sneers Tony.
“Tony?!” Comes Pepper’s voice.
“Still hurts like a bitch, though, right?” asks Sam, sliding a plate of four stacked pancakes to Tony along with various syrups, butter, and fruit. Tony allows a square of butter to melt over them and then douses the pancakes in maple syrup before nodding his head.
"Then explain it to me!”
“I know,” mumbles Tony tiredly. Then, he yawns and turns around to press his face into Steve’s neck, eyes closed as he falls back to sleep.
“You’re not coming,” says Rhodey immediately.
“I know,” says Tony, and without thinking, he adds: “It’s why you broke up with me.”
Rhodey honks the car horn and glares at Steve through the window. Natasha looks over her shoulder, holds up a finger to signal one second, and then turns back to Steve with an unreadable expression on her face. “Tony won’t like the idea of you helping him.”
Steve smiles back at him. “Day ain’t over yet, old man.”
“You didn’t come to find me earlier,” he states. “Why?”
, Tony thinks as he listens to it crackle. He thinks he can hear sirens and lots of yelling in the background and his chest tightens with worry. Tony swallows thickly and ignores the way that his body stiffens, palms beginning to sweat as his hands clench into fists.
“Oh, I have no idea, honestly,” he replies in a dry tone. Something beeps in the background and Bruce looks over his shoulder with a curse, and then jumps up and goes beyond the reach of the camera, leaving Natasha sitting there with an exasperated look on her face.
“You better have something to report.”
Oh, and I decided to do a chapter using some of Steve's POV for a change, so feedback on that would be fantastic. Hopefully next week's update will be on time since I get my summer holidays on Wednesday; woohoo!
For the life of him, Steve can’t figure out how they ended up back here. Here being ducked behind a wall with Tony eleven years in the past and watching as a blur of red and gold soars through the sky, a falling star headed for impact until the Hulk leaps with a roar to catch Tony’s limp body. Tony affects a stiff upper lip while he watches, from a distance, the Hulk crash to the ground and Thor toss the faceplate away. Tony’s unresponsive face, bared and vulnerable, pale with a hint of bruising. It still hurts. Steve feels like his gut has been kicked, like the air has been driven from his lungs and he’s helpless to do a thing but watch. His past-self leans in to gauge Tony’s heartbeat.
“It’s a good thing you included the word ‘almost’, Stark.”
“I do hope your confidence is justified. It’ll be your head if it isn’t.”
“FRIDAY,” he says after clearing his throat, glancing at the camera situated in the corner of the elevator. “Call the airport and tell them to get the jet ready. Oh, and let’s leave a message for the team, yeah? You know how they worry.”
Tony clears his throat and wipes at his eyes with the backs of his hands. “I’ve gotta go, Pep. Long flight and all. I’ll call you when I land.”
of all people. After some meddling from the team and a lot of reassurance from Steve that he actually feels the same way, Tony decides to give it a shot and it ends up being better than he had hoped.
“Hey, Tones,” says the man around a yawn after the fourth ring. “What’s up?”
“Why the TV?”
They are closing in on their two year anniversary when the argument over the Registration Act begins. They never officially break up, but Tony figures that fighting to kill each other is as good as any breakup ever could be. The day of their anniversary is also the day that Tony thinks his best friend has died on him. The next time he meets Steve and Bucky he refuses to fight them because Tony has once again lost the will to live and refuses to cause his ex-lover or Bucky, who means so much more to Steve than Tony ever could, any more harm. Tony almost ends up dead because of it.
When asked about Tony Stark, many things come to mind depending on whom you question. Ask the media and they tell you of his many love affairs and the mile-long list of drunken mistakes he has made throughout the years. Ask the general public and they throw around words like ‘billionaire’ and ‘asshole’. Ask S.H.I.E.L.D agents and they refuse to acknowledge his importance as an Avenger and call him ‘sloppy’. Ask Government officials and they call him a ‘pain in the ass’. Tony will admit that he is all of these things but he is also much more than that. Tony Stark is a genius, an inventor, a doting father to his bots, a friend to Pepper and Rhodey and Happy. Tony Stark is an anxiety ridden man in a suit of armour, trying to do the best that he can to protect the world and ensure the safety of civilians for as long as possible.
I adore reading everyone's comments and hearing your feedback so, please, keep it coming. I am also open to suggestions if anyone has a scenario they think would go well in this fic or that they would like to see.
“Like a bitch,” Tony confirms with a nod. “Still does. The way I see it, though, is that the level of pain lets you know how real it was. The fact that both of us are still hurting tells me that what we had was true, and that helps. It makes me proud to have been his lover, to have been loved by him despite how it ended. Sometimes you have to be the one to make the tough decision. Sometimes you have to do what’s right for you. I knew that, and it was one of the hardest decisions of my life but it’s what’s best for me, even if I wish it wasn’t.”
“Is that...” he trails off, unwilling to continue due to the absurdity of the situation.
“I didn’t think it mattered,” Tony responds hoarsely. “It's not something I just go around talking about. My dad was an asshole and my mom, well, she’s no one’s business. It’s just another sob story, and I don’t want anyone’s pity. Plus, I figured Barnes deserves a fresh start and all that other bullshit.”
“Tell him I don’t want to hear it,” snaps Tony.
Includes more Tony angst, a workout with Natasha, and a conversation with one Bucky Barnes.
Tony releases a cold chuckle. “Happy’s in the hospital. There was an explosion and he and Pepper were involved. I flew back to be with her at the hospital. She- She thinks they were targeted.” More silence follows and Tony sighs. “I know it’s a lot to ask but-”
“What’s up, bird brain?”
A pause ensues. Tony glances up and finds Barnes staring at him with a determined set to his jaw. Tony shifts on the couch, chest suddenly tight with apprehension.
That, apparently, is when Natasha decides she’s had enough. “Пиздец! I’m bringing you to the hospital. Someone get the white bread,” she orders. A second later a packet of sliced white bread is handed to her by Wanda. Natasha removes a slice from the packet and shoves it into Tony’s open mouth before he can object. He turns around in his chair to glare at her, which she returns wholeheartedly.
“No doubt trying to put their miraculous plan into effect,” sneers Tony. He pushes himself up from his stool and, for the first time in however many days, abandons his frantic researching and his workshop to head up to the communal floor.
“Tony!” yells Rhodey from inside the car, glaring at his best friend as the elevator doors open. Natasha drops the wheelchair to the ground and breaks into a sprint. “Don’t you dare!”
If Sam notices the awkward tension, he doesn’t mention it and instead launches back into the story. By the end of his tale, Clint is laughing into his fist and Wanda is giggling, and Tony’s smile is small but genuine, which is a rarity these days. It fades away quickly, though, and he’s almost certain that he hears Natasha sigh from across the room.
“I- Tony, what- of course you want to get better!”
Everyone remains silent and Tony takes that as a sign that the conversation is over. He turns around without another word and exits the floor, feeling strangely giddy and proud of himself for the first time in months. He returns to his workshop in a much better mood than he was in when he left it minutes before.
“Pardon?”
Alas, my happiness was not to be. The comments, along with the interest of my readers, diminished until I was nearly tearing my hair out with each new chapter trying to figure out where it all went so wrong. The quality of my writing deteriorated as did my confidence and my mental health. This fic was no longer enjoyable for me to write, and I felt trapped in some sort of twisted barren spell. So, I stopped writing it.
After another hour of kneeling at an awkward position on the floor (which cannot be good for his back) and taking in deep, heaving breaths, Tony finally manages to calm down enough that only his hands and bottom lip are trembling. Slowly, the engineer rises with a grimace of discomfort and stumbles towards the couch, falling face first onto it.
Tony sighs as quietly as possible and glares up at the ceiling as if to say
“Well, I’ve already lost one,” Bucky answers with a shrug. “What’s losing another gonna do?”
Clint shrugs his shoulders innocently. “It wasn’t intentional. The Widow’s Bite affected the direction of the arrow. The TV was just in the wrong place.”
“Oh it’s
I'm really not happy with this chapter but I do hope that you enjoyed it!
The gym, unlike the newly furnished training room that intimidates the hell out of Tony and
“God, I need a vacation,” mutters Tony, muffling his sniffle into a plush cushion.
“You’re all over the news,” she says in lieu of greeting.
“No,” his friends say in unison just as the door shuts.
Bucky is clutching his metal arm, Tony notes, and he looks as pale as a ghost. A thin sheen of sweat is covering the ex-assassin’s face and he winces when he tries to move his shoulder to nudge the arm towards Bruce.
“You’re a liar,” Tony repeats. “You told me that you wouldn’t say anything and yet you went and did exactly that. I trusted you, and you betrayed me.”
Tony remains on the landing pad for hours with his feet dangling over the edge, watching the sky fade until the bright pinks and purples and oranges have turned into an inky black sky. It’s times like this that Tony hates living in the middle of Manhattan because the city lights cause the stars and constellations to disappear, and he contemplates purchasing a small house somewhere far away in the countryside to escape to on days like this. The New York skyline doesn’t amaze him anymore.
. Tony spends the remainder of his short walk to his car wondering if he should visit Pepper and Happy’s apartment or postpone his visit, until he remembers he has to relieve Steve of his bodyguard duties. They won’t mind if Tony sleeps on their couch as long as he doesn’t throw up again. Happy would vomit just from hearing Tony throw up and probably end up tearing his stitches, and Pepper would definitely not be happy then. If her text messages are anything to go by, she’s displeased enough as it is having Steve in their apartment watching over them like an eager-to-please puppy.
“Of course, sir.”
“So, what’s this meeting about?” asks Sam, removing the goggles from his face and turning to look at Tony. “I’m assuming it’s important, if you dragged your ass back from wherever the hell you were just to be here.”
Tony reaches the car park and unlocks his vehicle as soon as the elevator opens. He hops into his silver Audi and tosses the duffel bag onto the passenger seat, and twists the keys in the ignition. The car rumbles to a start and Tony buckles up quickly. As he is peeling out of the car park, rubber tires screeching on the ground, FRIDAY speaks up.
, Tony. I truly, honestly, understand. So, I’m going to be selfish and make sure you stay around for a very long time because I’ve never known anyone who can truly understand what it’s like to feel this way and now that I do, I’m not going to let you leave. I need you, Tony. If you’re not going to stay around for you, at least stay around for me.”
“Saying no offence only means you’re about to offend the fuck out of someone,” Tony interrupts with a raised eyebrow. Bucky shoots him a cold look.
“It’s somethin’ to me,” argues Barnes, glaring at the camera. “So shut up and accept the compliment.”
Pepper breathes a large sigh of relief and her shoulders slump the tiniest amount. Tony squeezes her hand gently and she squeezes back with a small smile.
It’s an hour later, and Steve is feeling much more put-out than he thought he would. Now, he knew not to expect Pepper to greet him with the same warm smile she used to when he and Tony were dating, but this reaction is more than he ever expected from a woman usually so calm and professional. It’s Happy who eventually calms her down, and that’s after he asks Steve to leave the room and wait in the hospital corridor. He is eventually granted access to the room again, though Pepper is still clearly displeased with his presence.
Tony groans and rests his forehead on the cool countertop, closing his eyes momentarily as the blanket falls even further over his head. “I’m hungover,” he whines. “Shut up and let me be.”
“FRIDAY,” says Bruce quietly as he clicks a button on his new smart watch that Tony made for him. “Can you bring up the footage from, uh, two months ago? The last time I was with Tony in his workshop.”
“All I want is for you to be able to defend yourself if the suit is inaccessible. Is that too much to ask?” Natasha continues without waiting for a reply. “You could do it before, and you can do it again. With a bit of practice you’ll be back to being a skilled fighter in no time.”
Tony wakes the next morning with yet another excruciating pain in his skull. He groans softly and wraps the blanket around himself like a hooded cloak when he stands on unsteady legs. Ignoring the photographs on the table, Tony makes his way into the kitchen to scavenge for something to eat, only to discover that his cupboards and the fridge are empty. He groans again.
Steve feels a rather painful lump form in the back of his throat as Tony speaks, and by the end of the speech he's on the verge of tears and unable to calm the rapid rise and fall of his chest. The words of Dr. Erskine come to mind - "
The thing about lies, Steve thinks, is that sometimes they become truths.
A moment of pause ensues. “...Okay, boss.”
Tony sighs in defeat. “Okay, okay, fine. Just let me go get changed,” he says, already shuffling across the floor to his bedroom. Natasha nods and perches herself on the arm of the couch, arms crossed over her chest. She raises an eyebrow when Tony pauses in annoyance.
‘No.’ Tony tries to speak and this time Steve reaches out, fingers shaking and light but Tony quiets instantly. ‘I won’t lie to you, not again. You can’t ask me to.’
“If he’s gonna kill me, I wanna a’least have a fair fight,” states Tony, slurring his words and swaying dangerously in his chair. He blinks owlishly for a moment as a wave of nausea sends his stomach reeling. Steve is crossing the room before he can even think about it, ordering FRIDAY to alert the others as to what is happening.
Tony walks down the corridors alongside Rhodey, ignoring the pang of guilt in his chest every time he catches sight of his best friend in the wheelchair.
Tony grunts noncommittally and pulls Steve back a step so that they’re really pressed together and Tony’s face is now more or less in his armpit, meeting Steve’s eyes in the reflection of the mirror from where he can see out from under Steve’s sweater-clad arm.
“My dad was an asshole, but he didn’t deserve to die like that,” Tony continues, still glaring.
“You’re going to have to be a bit more specific there, Barnes.”
Pepper opens her mouth to object, yet another look of rage flashing across her features, until Happy manages to speak before her. “Sure. We’ll do anything to help, won’t we, honey?”
“Punching things,” he responds, voice muffled by Rhodey’s shoulder. “It doesn’t matter. ‘s all good. I’ll heal.”
Natasha nods and barrels on, turning her gaze on Bruce next. “And Bruce, what did Tony do when the two of you hardly knew each other on that SHIELD helicarrier?”
Bucky looks at them all in disbelief. Steve has wrung his hands together and is looking down at the floor, seemingly entranced by the dirt on his trainers. Even Wanda, who isn’t overly fond of Tony, nods in agreement with the others. Bucky huffs and crosses his large arms over his chest, shaking his head and causing strands of dark hair to fall from the loose bun tied at the nape of his neck.
“I, uh,” Tony licks his lips nervously. “Everything’s just... worse. My panic attacks, my nightmares, my drinking. They’re all so much worse than they were before the whole Registration Act and the fight that followed it. I’m terrified all the time, I only sleep when it’s induced by alcohol and at that my nightmares wake me up after an hour. I can’t look at Steve without feeling like I’m about to be attacked. It’s as if danger is lurking around every corner.”
Natasha shoves another slice of bread into Tony’s mouth and waits until the engineer begins chewing it sluggishly before she turns back to look at Steve. She eyes him judgementally for a moment and then slowly nods her head. Steve feels a sense of relief wash over him.
“Don’t worry, buddy, I’ll be fine. I need your help with this next part, though, okay? Can you grab that test tube for me, please?” Dum-E reaches up and gently grabs the test tube with its claw, careful not to spill any of its content. Tony keeps a firm grip on the syringe as he lowers himself to the ground, resting his back against the wall with a grunt. “Thanks. Now, this next part might look scary, but don’t be afraid, okay?” Dum-E beeps again and rolls forward to bump into Tony’s foot. “C’mon, Dum-E, don’t be like that. You’re the only one I trust enough to do this. Just don’t tell that to U.”
. Tony immediately feels ashamed of himself.
“You began throwing up in your sleep, sir, and I took the liberty of informing Colonel Rhodes since he is your emergency contact. Based on my scans, it doesn’t appear as if anyone is awake yet aside from yourself.”
,” Tony grits out. “No. You’re going to stay right there and you’re all going to see what a coward your Captain is. What else haven’t you told me about, Steve, huh? How about that kiss between you and Sharon Carter? Aunt Peggy’s niece, remember her?”
Steve nods. “I know... and that’s why I’m not. I’ll investigate it, sure, and I’ll conveniently leave data around for him to pick up, but he won’t know that I’m even involved. As far as Tony knows, I disapprove of the whole Spymaster theory based on lack of evidence, which is why I need your help. Aside from needing your expertise, I need you to cover for me if Tony confronts you about it.”
Tony hears the faint rustling of a newspaper and turns his head to see Bruce draining the last of his coffee and setting the newspaper down. He smiles encouragingly at Tony. “I have some work to do for the morning, but feel free to join me later and we can work on that project some more. I have a few new ideas that could really speed things along.”
. Can you believe it?
Pepper and Happy’s sofa is comfortable and their light blue throw is surprisingly soft, and yet Tony is unable to get more than an hour’s sleep. A single stupid nightmare scared him awake with a desperate gasp, lungs burning and tears drying on his cheeks. It was a blur of flashing images, choppy and unclear, but he thinks they played out a scene. He remembers the sound of repulsors blasting, pained grunts, a metal arm punching a hole into a solid wall. Haunting laughter echoes in his mind even as he fearfully eyes the shadows of the room, until finally, Tony feels so on-edge that he turns on the lamp by the TV and the light in the kitchen.
“You have helped more than you know,” says Steve with a shake of his head. He walks towards the door but turns to smile briefly at the man laying in the hospital bed before he opens it. “Get well soon, Happy.”
“We need a place to stay,” interrupts Bucky, giving Steve a look that makes Tony shift uncomfortably on the couch. “The place we were at didn’t work out.”
“Hey, Stevie,” greets Bucky from the doorway of Steve’s bedroom. He leans against the doorframe with a towel draped over his shoulder, drenched in sweat from his workout.
Bruce is the first to move and he sits on the end of the couch and leans across the armrest to talk to Rhodey, presumably about how he’s doing. Clint and Sam are the next to move and they sit down beside each other on the couch across from Bruce, and Redwing perches on the armrest and preens when Sam strokes his feathers gently. Natasha heads over and sits next to Bruce, as she is apparently also interested in speaking with Rhodey. Bucky seems content with taking a seat on the armchair, and Steve hovers awkwardly until he decides to just remain standing.
“I’m afraid not, sir, but the local law enforcement has released a statement to the press informing them that the explosive was placed inside a briefcase.”
“FRIDAY,” murmurs Tony softly. His voice still echoes around his bedroom and he winces as Rhodey stirs in his chair, dry lips smacking together until he grows silent once more. “What happened? Is anyone else awake?”
Pepper nods and turns to head out the glass doors. At the foot of the stairs, because she prefers to take them rather than the elevator for some unknown reason, she falters in her step and looks back at Tony over her shoulder.
be pleased when he tells her. Tony hadn’t told her that, after he had cured her of the Extremis, he had also taken samples and all of the data that he would need to improve and stabilise it. In his defence, he never really had a chance because they only ever spoke about Stark Industries related things after the break-up. Tony knows that he’s only looking for excuses, but he also really didn’t think that he would make it out of the shabby procedure alive. He hadn’t accounted for ever having to tell Pepper that he just injected himself with something that almost killed her and caused her so much grief in the past.
fault. My nightmares don't end when I open my eyes, Steve, because you're always there."
“I guess we have,” Tony responds, bumping their shoulders together.
“I know a lot about you, too, Tony. Or, at least, I used to. This whole Spymaster situation is affecting you more than any of the rest of us, and I just want to make sure that you don’t do anything stupid because you think that we don’t want to help. I stand by what I said about not killing, but if the situation calls for it then I will do anything to keep you safe. I want you to know that.”
“Could it have been made by Spymaster? Does he have a history of using or working with explosives?”
“He’s been hiding it from us the whole time?” asks Wanda quietly, her lips downturned into a frown.
“Don’t you dare even think about blaming yourself, Tony,” she says. She glares at him pointedly for another moment until she returns to gazing at Happy, murmuring softly, “Happy wouldn’t like it, and neither do I.”
, Bucky, I still love him.”
“I’ve got your back, honey bear. Just keep your head down.”
Tony grunts. “Maybe.”
Tony snorts and enters the elevator, waving goodbye to the bots as the doors shut and it brings him all the way up to his penthouse floor. The chatter has already ceased by the time the elevator reaches his floor, and the sight of everyone frozen in place while staring at the doors is what greets him once he steps out. Tony forces himself to look confused as he walks further into the living area and tilts his head to the side.
“Morning, sunshine,” she drawls. Tony flips her off and rolls out of bed with a groan. Natasha takes a step back just as Tony flops onto the ground, and raises an unimpressed eyebrow at him.
“What happened to your hands, Tony?” asks Steve, eyes wide with concern as he takes a step forward. Tony flinches and awkwardly moves his arm to place the bottle back on the table. Steve stops abruptly, and his eyes flicker towards the doors of the cupboard above the fridge which are still flung wide open.
Instead of returning to his workshop, Tony rides the elevator up to his penthouse instead to take a long, hot shower. How long had he been in the workshop, anyway? He takes his time in the shower to scrub all of the sweat and dirt away and only steps out of it once his skin starts to prune up. Tony decides to forego his usual jean/t-shirt attire and instead changes into his comfiest pair of sweatpants and one of his Led Zeppelin shirts. Walking through his penthouse in his bare feet while wearing his lazy day clothes is freeing in a way that Tony has never experienced before.
“I just wanted to come down and, uh, I don’t know – thank you, I guess? For trusting me enough to keep Pepper and Happy safe tomorrow. I mean, I know I wasn’t your first choice but it still means a lot to me.”
“Are you saying you don’t trust me?”
“Where is he?” asks Tony very quietly, eyes fixed on the figures in the crystal-clear video.
. I will not listen to you for a second because I already know what you’re going to say. You’re going to say that we can make this work, that you’ll stay with me and help me through whatever I’m going through. But guess what, Steve?  Love doesn’t fix everything. You mean well - you always do - but your love is not what I need right now. I need space and time and you’re not giving me that. You need to let us, let
Arriving at his new-and-improved Malibu house is an unusual experience. It is familiar enough that it still resembles the way it used to look before being blown up but different enough that it still feels like a new home, full of possibilities and potential. Tony is glad of the small changes because nothing reminds him too strongly of the past. It’s refreshing.
“What ain’t you tellin’ me, Stevie?” asks Bucky. Steve looks at him again and Bucky raises his eyebrows.
“That’s ... That’s okay. I get it. I didn’t mean to-”
“Can we see him?” she asks.
“Don’t bullshit me, Rogers,” he threatens. “You knew, didn’t you? You knew the whole fucking time and never told me. You let me believe that everything was
Steve is on his and Bucky’s floor, curled up on the sofa in the living room with his sketchpad laying on his lap and his pencils surrounding him, when FRIDAY’s voice suddenly fills the apartment and he jumps. It creates a large pencil mark across his drawing and Steve groans unhappily, which prompts a laugh out of Bucky, who is grinning at him from behind his book at the other end of the couch.
Days later, Tony is wearing a crisp grey suit with a white shirt and a sky blue tie that had been loosened the second the board meeting concluded, and is walking down the corridor trying to ignore Pepper’s voice, which is steadily growing louder and louder as they near the elevator and the distance between them and the lobby grows. The doors to the elevator open without Tony having to say a word and he continues to stay silent the entire ride up to the common floor in hopes that by the time they reach their destination Pepper will have calmed down. She doesn’t.
“Steve,” Pepper fills in, resting a reassuring hand on his knee.
FRIDAY takes a moment to respond. “Surveillance shows that he is in the communal floor kitchen with the other Avengers Initiative members, with the exception of Colonel Rhodes as he has a hospital appointment.”
else. You know it as well as I do, Rhodey. It makes sense, and I know that he’s behind this. I’m sure of it. The only thing I’m
Tony turns to him with a gaze so critical Steve feels like he’s been torn apart limb from limb and put back together in all the wrong places. Their counterparts slowly collect themselves from the ground and Steve watches with heated cheeks as he clasps Tony’s shoulder, as they walk away with their hands brushing every few steps despite not looking at one another.
“We were just trying to look out for you, man,” murmurs Sam, frowning slightly.
“Please, don’t. It’s not true.”
A long silence follows, which is enough of an answer for Tony.
“Sounds awfully like FRIDAY’s askin’ you out on a date, Stevie,” Bucky snickers. Steve whacks him on the arm.
A long pause ensues before Sam speaks up somewhat anxiously. “So, what’s the plan?”
“Hey,” says the archer softly. He stands in the doorway until Tony pats the spot beside him, signalling for Clint to sit down, which he does. Their shoulders brush together slightly as their legs dangle over the edge of the landing pad and Clint sighs beside him, which makes Tony glance over.
The next half hour goes by with Tony ordering both Bruce and Natasha to fetch various tools and supplies and telling them how exactly to fix the colossal fuck up in Bucky’s metal arm. Tony spots the problem instantly once they wheel Barnes closer to the camera, and he cannot help but whistle lowly.
Tony leans into Steve’s cold hands and his smile is bittersweet. ‘I’m asking anyway. Lie to me, Steve. I’ll understand. Please.’
“Hey, Dum-E, will you grab me that over there? No, not that, beside it. Yes, that one, thanks.”
“Are you okay, Tony?” calls Natasha from the centre of the floor. He looks up just in time to see Steve look at her in surprise.
“You used to be better than this,” she tuts, retreating a few steps to give Tony a moment. He shakes his head slightly to try and rid him of his blurry vision, but it doesn’t do much good. “There was a time where you could pose as a challenge, Tony.”
Tony merely pouts and Rhodey huffs in irritation and turns back around in his seat. They round the corner and Natasha rolls down the window to let the facial recognition scanner do its thing before they are granted access to the Tower’s underground car park. An idea strikes Tony so suddenly that he feels a little woozy, probably from a combined mixture of blood loss and the rapid speed in which his thoughts are running around in his mind. He is so invested in his thoughts that he doesn’t register that the car has stopped moving until Natasha opens the back door and raises an eyebrow at him.
“Shall I inform Captain Rogers, then, sir?”
Sorry that this chapter is so terrible and so short and also a day late! I spent this entire week working in a hotel and I'm super exhausted so I haven't had much time to write, but I do hope that you all enjoy this anyway!
Tony springs into action immediately. He runs and grabs his MIT sweatshirt off of the armchair in the living room and pulls it on over his head to cover his permanently grease-stained tank top. “Which hospital?” he demands.
No one objects, even if Rhodey looks like he wants to, but Natasha wheels him into the elevator before another argument can erupt. The seven of them look ridiculous squished into the elevator and, had it been any other time, Tony may have laughed but instead he tugs harshly on the strands of his hair and turns his back to the closing doors until he suddenly twists around and hurls the glass bottle at the doors. They shut just before the glass hits them and causes everyone in the elevator, including Natasha, to gasp.
“I’m never gonna forgive you for that.”
“Tony? Are you-”
The elevator doors open but Tony’s arrival seems to not have been heard because the sound of an electric mixer has taken over the entire floor. The engineer storms down the hallway with his hands bunched up into tight fists by his sides, face contorted with anger and hurt and betrayal as he enters the kitchen. Before they notice him, the others seem content and relaxed; Natasha is baking and batting Clint’s hand away every time he tries to dip his fingers into the bowl, Bruce is covered in flour and wearing a blue and yellow floral print apron, and the other four are seated at the breakfast bar and laughing at something on Sam’s phone, which they are all crowded around. For the briefest of moments, Tony’s anger is replaced by hurt as he gets a glimpse of how happy everyone would be if he was out of the picture. Then, he thinks
“Wanda, you and Tony have never really gotten along but the second that he found out you didn’t have the money to give your brother the memorial service you thought he deserved, Tony paid for it all. He even created the Pietro Maximoff Foundation to honour him and to help those left homeless or injured or who lost someone as a result of the battle in Sokovia.” Wanda’s eyes grow teary and she swallows around the lump in her throat as Natasha continues forward.
“That’s enough,” interrupts Steve, voice cold and glare even colder. A single look from him is all it takes to quell the argument before it has even started. “You don’t fight my battles for me, Buck. I get you’re trying to help, but if that’s how you go about it then you shouldn’t even bother.”
that you ‘will never go into business with someone that looks like Donatello from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles’! Do you want this company to fail?!”
mудак = asshole
Bruce stares at him with large, concerned eyes. “Of course you deserve a break, Tony, but not a permanent one. That isn’t the answer and you know it. It’s the alcohol talking, okay? It’s getting to your head. I know you’re tired – I am, too – and I’ve been where you are now and
“I’ll be there as quick as I can, Pep,” he promises, hurrying from the living room and up the stairs to reach his bedroom. He can hear the muffled voices of the paramedics on the other end of the line as he quickly throws everything into his duffel bag and shoves his keys into the pocket of his jeans. “Don’t worry, okay? We’ll figure this out when I get there. Do you need anything?”
‘Did you always,’ Tony sounds stricken and he gulps, ‘That smile. Did you always smile at me like that?’
Tony blinks. He expected Barnes to make a big case and to blame Tony for overreacting in Siberia. A simple apology is unexpected, and yet it holds more sincerity than any spiel Barnes could have produced. Tears bead at the corners of Tony’s eyes and he sniffs.
“I killed them,” says Bucky. Natasha’s mouth remains a thin line. Steve doesn’t seem nearly as shocked as everyone else, which confirms Tony’s suspicions that he knew all along and never told him, and he takes a step back in an attempt to conceal his hurt. Clint actually chokes on his own saliva in his shock.
“Next time, I won’t fail,” Tony reads. He stares at the words, which seem to be taunting him, and then calls out for Natasha in a shaky voice. Natasha, in turn, calls for the other Avengers to enter and they all make their way onto the landing pad and read the message that is now haunting Tony. It’s about Happy and Pepper, he knows, and Tony is torn between having another breakdown or going after the bastard that had the
“Yep,” replies Natasha, hands placed firmly on her hips.
“FRIDAY,” he says around a weary sigh. “Scan me. I want to keep regular check on the Extremis in my body. If it had a bad reaction to the reactor before, chances are that it will act up again. I can’t afford to let that happen, not while Spymaster is around. Speaking of our local pain in the ass, where are we at on exposing his identity?”
Tony stares at him for a moment, allowing the words to register. “Did I just hear you correctly? Did you just say that
“We don’t know for sure-”
“Oh, it is good to be back,” says Tony with a grin, and he flies off of the landing pad without a second thought.
Tony swallows some of the doughnut and groans. “One’s bad, and the other’s worse. Could I just hire someone to look after them?”
It’s Bruce who discovers Tony later, typing rapidly on his tablet with his left hand and flicking around various holographic images and enlarging them with his right. Three empty beer bottles, one of which is in pieces on the floor, lay scattered around Tony like a trail of breadcrumbs. The fourth bottle is perched on top of a stack of documents and is half empty. Bruce catches sight of the holographic plans and images on display and winces in sympathy.
“No, Steve,” says Natasha around a sigh, effectively cutting his rant short. “Why are you looking for him?”
Even the great Captain America starts being nice to him, and Tony still thinks it’s a bit fucked up how he had to
“Sometimes I wish I didn’t,” replies Pepper around a yawn. A faint rustling comes from her end of the line and Tony hears a murmured conversation involving Pepper and a tired male’s voice and- oh, yeah, Tony keeps forgetting that Pepper and Happy live together now. The sound of a door clicking shut causes his thoughts to dissipate. “What’s up?”
Steve can hear it now, beating against all odds.
Pepper glares at her partner but remains silent. Steve takes that as enough of an encouragement to go on.
deserve the benefit of the doubt? What sort of sick, twisted conversation are we having right now?” He laughs coldly and shakes his head, scratching at the scars on his left forearm as he does. Tony’s anxiety disappears for a moment and his anger takes over, raging like a storm. “Stick to your first asshole presumption that you had about me, okay? I don’t care whether you like me or not, Barnes, so I’m sorry to say that your visit has been pointless. I’ve got bigger things to worry about than what you think of me.”
we’re right,” says Tony pointedly. Rhodey snorts.
Natasha tilts her head and bites the inside of her lip, chewing on it as she thinks. “Okay,” she says after a moment. “You’ve got yourself a deal, Rogers.”
“Bruce, one of my spare toolboxes is under your desk. Get it.”
“You’re a goddamn liar, Bruce Banner.”
As he walks down the corridor, baseball cap pulled down over his face to try and shield himself from the eyes of workers and patients and, most importantly, reporters, the familiar clicking of heels against the floor sounds from behind him and he turns to see Pepper walking after him. She doesn’t look pleased, but she doesn’t look as angry as she did earlier, either. Steve gulps and hopes that his worry doesn’t show on his face.
and every
“Way outta line,” voices Clint.
“Stark, are you-”
“When aren’t we when it comes to shit like this?”
“Beg your pardon, boss, but Sergeant Barnes is in the elevator and has requested access to your floor,” says FRIDAY.
Steve cannot help but smile at him mischievously. “Will you?”
“Yep?” asks Tony aloud, setting his StarkPad down on the counter and following the delicious pizza smell towards the microwave.
"Of you."
(See the end of the chapter for
I feel very 'meh' about this first chaper, but I decided to post it anyway in the hopes of motivating myself into writing more often. I hope this angst is enjoyable, as there is plenty more to come.
The elevator reaches Natasha and Clint’s floor and Tony wipes under his eyes, ridding his face of fresh tear tracks, as the doors open once more. He steps out and sees the two agents standing in front of the TV in silence, looking rather puzzled. It takes Tony a second, but he manages to spot the problem from his place across the room. He stares at it in surprise.
“Sorry, boss, no can do. Ms. Potts is still on vacation, and one representative from Stark Industries must be present at every meeting of great importance to the company. And no, sir, these meetings cannot be postponed as they already have been on numerous occasions. Perhaps another Avenger can keep watch until your duties are done?”
Steve works on bettering himself. Tony makes an unexpected friend.
“No,” she denies firmly. “I broke up with you because I couldn’t handle watching you fly away in that suit-” She jabs a finger in the direction of the suit he wore today. Tony glances over and the helmet stares back at him, taunting him. “- and wondering if that would be the last time I saw you. I tried to support you, I really did, but you have a death wish, Tony. I’m sorry if I was selfish, but the stress was eating me alive.”
“I said that it’s fine, Rogers. Leave it alone. I’m not your concern anymore.” Steve’s breath catches in the back of his throat at the reminder, which seems as if it only fuels Tony’s annoyance. “Don’t do that- that look. Whatever you’re hoping for between us isn’t going to happen. We’re not even friends. You’re Captain America, you’re the boss, and that’s all you are to me anymore. It’d be best for everyone if you remembered that.”
The elevator opens and out rolls Natasha, already in her fighting stance, with Steve, Bucky, and Bruce behind her. Steve has his shield raised, Bucky has his hand on a gun, and Bruce looks ready to Hulk out any minute now. They, too, look confused when there is no sign of a threat. Tony spots something moving out of the corner of his eye, and tilts his head to see Sam swoop down onto the landing pad outside with Redwing soaring behind him. He opens the glass doors and peaks his head inside, managing to look confused even with the goggles covering a good portion of his face.
Steve hesitates for a moment before releasing a sigh. “Yes, I knew. I’m sorry I never told you, Tony, but I didn’t want to hurt you. You meant too much to me, and I didn’t want to lose you over something so sm-" Steve cuts himself off abruptly, eyes as wide as saucers. He clears his throat and tries again. "I mean, over something like this.”
“Well, you seem to have it all figured out, don’t you?” says Tony before he can stop himself.
Tony ponders the thought for a moment. “Sure, why not? How regular are we talking?”
“How big of you.”
(Real Talk: Is Steve ever going to realise that his actions have consequences? Who knows.)
. What was he thinking? “I- Sorry,” he mutters. “Are you okay, though? It’s not too bad?”
“Get out.”
“I probably shouldn’t say this, being Stevie’s best friend,” says Barnes, and Tony opens his eyes to find him stalling before the open door. “But I know what it feels like not to have a choice. Don’t feel like you have to take him back. Keep choosing what’s best for you.”
, there's a new chapter, only to click onto that lovely ’Next Chapter‘ button and find that it's just me throwing pitiful excuses at you.
, Steve.”
he thinks.
Barnes’ voice is muffled to Tony’s ears. He can barely hear the ex-assassin over the pounding of his heart and the rapid intake of his breaths.
of your hands being a drunken, reckless idiot and then, while high on pain medication, you lock yourself in the workshop for four days and upon your reappearance, you have the
“Thanks, Colonel.” Tony winces at how his voice cracks, but Rhodey doesn’t comment on it and thus Tony adds it to the ever-growing list dubbed ‘Reasons to Love and Appreciate James Rhodes’.
“You should get back to Happy. I think Downton’s on soon, and you of all people know how he loves to have company while he watches it. I have work to do anyway,” says Tony quietly.
“You will visit, won’t you?”
Tony chuckles. “Thanks, Pep. I knew I could count on you.”
“Should you be drinking that much with your pills?” asks Bruce, ignoring the unnecessary apology. The engineer sucks in a sharp breath and turns to another workbench to begin tinkering with an indistinguishable jumble of metal and wires in a vain attempt to avoid their inevitable conversation. “Tony, I really think-”
Tony says nothing for a moment. He plans to say something sarcastic or equally as offensive back, but his insecurities seem to take control over his mouth and, in a quiet voice, he says, “That makes two of us, then.”
Tony sighs loudly and makes a vague gesture for FRIDAY to do her thing and play the damn video already. After hours upon hours of nagging, FRIDAY is finally getting her way and her smugness is evident when the video is displayed in less than a second. Tony rolls his eyes at his AI but leans back in his chair to get a look at this supposedly very important recording. What he sees makes him sick to his stomach, and Tony is honestly very fed up of feeling betrayed by people he trusts.
“You killed my parents,” he accuses.
To say that the day is stressful is an understatement. Tony wakes to a small parcel on his coffee table, wrapped in plain brown paper and tied together with string, and he barely makes it to the bathroom before he’s throwing up into the toilet bowl. All that comes out is liquid; Tony can’t remember the last time he had a decent meal. The feeling of nausea accompanies him throughout the remainder of his busy day and he barely manages to hold down his coffee. This is Steve’s attempt at reconciling, he knows, his attempt at regaining Tony’s trust and earning his forgiveness, but so far all it has served to do is make Tony feel even worse on an already stressful day. Steve wouldn’t understand, he tended not to when Tony seemed upset by something he considered trivial. Before, when Steve gave him gifts, Tony would smile and blush and delight in the feeling of being loved – now it’s different. Tony knows that this is a gift of apology, not one of love, and he hates it. He hates that Steve has to apologise, and that Tony can’t simply forgive and be done with it.
“There is plenty of food in the common floor kitchen, boss,” says the AI helpfully. “Mr. Wilson is making pancakes as we speak.”
“No, you don’t. You can’t-”
“Sure.” Happy looks pleased and Tony pats him gently on the shoulder. Pepper enters the living room holding two plates with a slice of pie and a side of cream each, hands them out with a smile, and waits for their verdict. Tony takes a bite and moans happily.
“Are you sure? I mean it looks like-”
Tony groans loudly and clenches his hands into fists by his side. “Fine,” he grits out. “Send him up, but keep the cameras on him at all times. I don’t trust him.”
“Cute picture,” he comments.
“What does Natasha have planned for tomorrow?” he asks.
to ask what’s going on?!” Pepper’s chest heaves up and down from excursion and as her mouth opens to rant some more, her eyes trail down to look at Tony’s hands and she frowns. “Why are there no bandages?”
A loud crash sounds from the kitchen and they both look towards the opening leading into it to see Clint lying on the floor, shaking with silent laughter. Tony hears the low murmur of other voices in the kitchen, too, but ignores them in favour of defending himself against Pepper’s yelling.
Steve rolls his eyes in fond exasperation and turns around to face his boyfriend, who looks upset at being moved until he resettles his chin against Steve’s sternum and smiles up at him. Their hands remain linked and Steve rubs the pad of his thumb over Tony’s knuckles lightly. He’s content to just stand there and stare down into Tony’s eyes forever. Tony is, Steve realises belatedly, wearing his rather large grey Led Zeppelin t-shirt and his black boxer shorts and looks so good that Steve has trouble remembering how to breathe. Even after months of dating, he’s still not quite sure how he managed to get so lucky with the engineer.
Tony pats Dum-E on the claw as the bot wheels past him to circle around Steve in a flurry of excited beeps and whirring sounds. As Steve crouches down to reach Dum-E’s level, he sees Tony watching them with different emotions rolling across his face like a rough tide: fond, then sad, then hurt, and then guarded until Tony’s face eventually evens out and his expression is once again blank and void of emotion. Steve pretends that he doesn’t notice.
With a sigh, Tony waves around his half-eaten doughnut in a lazy gesture and nods. “If you must,” he acquiesces.
Eventually, Natasha begins using her legs more to kick and swipe and sometimes even using it to block a punch, which Tony finds incredibly intimidating. At one point, Natasha has him in a headlock and, when elbowing her in the gut doesn’t work, Tony hooks his leg around one of hers and sends them both backwards until Natasha’s back hits the ground. She grunts but otherwise shows no signs of being affected by the movement. Tony rolls to the side and then puts as much force as he can muster into the sharp jab that her ribs receive from his elbow and Natasha’s grip finally slackens enough that Tony is able to break free and flip himself around to pin her to the ground. She attempts to break free from his hold but it proves fruitful, and her head falls back against the mat of the ring in defeat.
The next time that Steve and Tony meet in the Tower, Steve is getting his ass handed to him by Natasha while Bucky cheers them both on from the sidelines, depending on who’s got the upper hand, like a dedicated sports fan would at a game. They’re the first to use the new and improved training room on the basement level of the Tower and despite his unease at being in the same room as Steve and Bucky, it pleases him greatly to see that the room he worked so hard on is finally getting some use. The only reason that Tony is even in the training room and not up in his lab is because one of the moving targets has gotten stuck, a fact which FRIDAY notified him of after Natasha had used the targets to try out her new Widow’s Bite prototypes. He concludes that Steve, and presumably Bucky, have yet to notice him slaving away in the corner of the training room since they haven’t said anything to him or made any smart comments (in Bucky’s case) since entering twenty minutes ago. Natasha, he knows, has seen him because she sees everything. It’s a widely known fact.
Steve places a hand on Bucky’s shoulder and murmurs, “
“You still love him, don’t you?”
“I can’t feel my legs,” Tony admits after a few minutes.
Tony slowly raises his puffy face from where it’s pressed into the pillow and lifts a quizzical eyebrow at the nearest camera in the corner.
“Of course, Captain Rogers,” responds the AI. Seconds later, Steve’s phone lights up and he grabs it off of the bedside locker and opens the domuments that have been sent. After doing a quick scan of them, Steve frowns and sits up so that his back is against the headboard. “It doesn’t say what type of explosive was used. Any leads on that?”
“Does that mean you can heal like Wolverine?” asks Clint, effectively ruining the moment.
Clint, Sam, and Scott visit him the next morning before Tony is released from the hospital. They express their regrets on how things turned out and apologise profusely, and Tony does the same. He signs his apology to Clint, even though he's wearing his hearing aid, because it feels more sincere. Clint appreciates it immensely. Tony can’t help but be wary of them, though, and he flinches away when the archer goes to hug him before leaving. The look of remorse on Clint’s face when he drops his arms and says, “See you later, Tony,” leaves him feeling far too emotional for his own good.
“I got no hits on this rune,” Natasha says, careful to not touch the drawn rune. Even though it’s supposed to be inert, with no mana imbued into it, it still might react to the mana that flows under skin. Runes aren’t meant for human use. “It’s completely new.”
“You can touch it,” Tony murmurs against Steve’s lips.
Tony looks at Steve.
Steve looks at him, meets his gaze, sees the raw want and arousal there, sees the care. Tony looks like he wants to say something but doesn’t know what, words dying on his tongue, burning into ashes before he can let any fire out.
“Like I’ve unmade you? Huh. Or is it—oh I see you, now. Do you enjoy this?” Tony asks, laughing, because it’s all so fucking funny. He tried so hard, so hard to just—act human, with jokes and smiles and actual sex. For Steve. No point playing human now. Steve is right. “I’m so disappointed in you, Steve,” he says softly. “I’ll have your heart, Ste—
Tony blinks, surprised (what kind of person does he think Steve is and why?), and looks like he wants to say more, but Thor cuts in.
“Well,” Tony says. His tongue darts out to lick his lips briefly. “Aren’t you a sweet-talker.” He groans. “I don’t know if this is what he meant when he said you were dangerous.”
Tony peers at Steve through the water droplets on his lashes. There is so much he could do. What would Steve let him do?
Tony. That was reckless. Why do you do this?” Steve asks again, and Tony gets a little more scared every single time, doesn’t understand why Steve forgives what Tony seems to do every single time.
Yet Tony seems to not care. And maybe it’s not arrogance that makes him poke at Bruce (or at Steve).
He wants Steve to call his bluff. In the end, he is greedy and selfish, and Tony Stark is a coward when it comes to emotions, Pepper can attest to that. It’s not a miscalculation that Tony lets Steve see more than he should, it’s just pure desire to be seen. So he bluffs, hides behind nothing and everything. He grins through lies even as he aches to touch Steve.
This is nothing.
“Ser,” Natasha echoes, tightening her jaw. Unsurprised, because Fury’s had a soft spot for Stark for a while, but the Knight? She doesn’t question Fury often, not directly, because she’s had a lifetime of fighting SHIELD already. She only runs the occasional recon op behind his back when he turns to his blind side, and in return Natasha closes her eyes when Fury asks for Natasha’s infiltration and secret-keeping magic.
“It’s fine,” Tony cuts in quickly. “I felt weird, too.” Steve nods. “It was the rift, it interferes with thought. I completely forgot that I was there to fix the rune.” He sighs. “I’ll—I’ll set some protective waves to counter the thought interference next time.” He looks out dubiously. “If the snow clears. I’m not really digging the cold.”
Most of the time, people take what Steve says as truth. “I can tell if the summoner has ill intent,” he says.
Thor lifts his head up, glances at the throne behind him. “Ah, I am! Yes. The throne is treating me well. Thanks to Asgard’s people.” He smiles and looks to Tony. “Man of Iron! You have upgraded your iron.”
“No, Captain. It isn’t Midgard this time,” Fury says. “The entire world is in danger. And we need your help to stop the world from ending.”
goes the voice that resounds in his head, and it’s right.
“It wasn’t you,” Steve says immediately, and the words elicit a tingly sense of déjà vu, like a whisper scratching against the door of Tony’s mind. It’s not loud enough for Tony to listen. It wasn’t enough the last time. Why’s Steve still trying now?
“Don’t you already know?” Steve asks, sobering. he watches Tony clench his jaw. “
It wasn’t supposed to be the end.
Steve isn’t sure what to say to that, but he hopes he’s right in what he chooses not to say. He can’t say the truth, not when it’d be exactly what Tony doesn’t want to know. “It is,” Steve says.
Seeing the best in Tony is exactly what Tony fears.
“I think, Cap, you—you should get some shut-eye, not me.”
With purpose and intent, he concludes. Steve will learn, like everyone else does, that there are reasons people (including Tony) don’t like Tony. And he’s sure he can find reasons to not like Steve Rogers.
“This is the rune an agent of ours found when he went to investigate anomalies,” Romanoff says.
“What can I do?” he asks.
In order for them all to have a future, Tony has to give away the one where he is with Steve. He has to give up their past.
Yet he still tries, so stubbornly. Tony wants to know why. That’s the only reason they’re both still here.
“Yes,” Steve says simply. Tony doesn’t think Steve is proud of the fact, or comfortable about it, but this, he admits honestly. His hand comes up, a familiarly comforting gesture incoming.
Tony takes a few steps away from Steve, doesn’t let them touch. Steve shouldn’t feel the need to comfort Tony after what Tony has done to him.
Steve smiles wryly. “Okay,” he says, like he desperately wants to believe him, but can’t.
but. Tony will take what he can
Tony is probably still at that stage. More or less.
He’s not so sure if what he proved turned out to be true. “Guess the world needs people like you, now,” Steve says.
Steve freezes, shocked at the possessiveness, before he takes a breath and steels his expression. Tony is close enough to see his pupils dilate. Steve has always been good at taking blows, but he can’t roll with a punch that he doesn’t expect. “Tony… they’re not your orders,” he tells him. “You don’t want this. You can’t. This isn’t you.”
“You catching a cold there?” Steve asks.
“I can take it. You don’t have to do this alone,” Tony says, echoing Steve’s words from so long ago.
Steve lets that sink in, trying to ignore the freaky ninja part. “It’s beautiful,” he says honestly, and realizes he wants to say
“Chaos,” Tony says. “Well, most people still use incantations, you know. Abracadabra, all the classic tongue-twisters.”
Tony leans closer, daringly. Despite what they say about Captain America, Steve is a lot less immortal up close. Steve shouldn’t have let him. All Tony wants to do is push even further, see when Steve will snap.
Steve is supposed to work with him. With so much on the line, it doesn’t really matter what Tony Stark thinks Steve believes in.
He wonders if Wanda can sense the stone’s presence on Earth. Grief is a good motivator, but it also clouds the mind. He hopes she can’t. He hopes she won’t find out Tony has ever had it like this.
This is what heartbreak looks on Steve. It looks… familiar, but it can’t be, because Tony doesn’t have a single memory of this. He sifts through the memories of countless (that’s a lie, he knows exactly how many—forty-two, forty-two) people who knew Steve for much longer than Tony, and none of them have seen this expression.
Tony sees his expression. “Oh. Did you never celebrate Winterveil?” He waves a hand. “Most magical night of the year, the day the spirits have the most power?”
True. If Tony really wanted, he’d probably have been an even worse villain. There was probably residual loyalty to whatever was right, to Steve. Tony doesn’t know what to do with that.
,” Steve says.
Tony reaches out slowly, tracing Steve’s mark with a finger. “It’s why SHIELD trusted me to be on the team,” Tony says shakily. “They didn’t say it, but that’s why. They rejected me until you woke up.” He drags his eyes up, tears in his eyes. “I guess you deserve to know why, right?”
“Wasn’t supposed to happen,” Tony says flatly, withdrawing his hands.  He narrows his eyes at Steve. “Won’t happen again, alright?”
“SHIELD,” Bruce mutters, not looking happy. “SHIELD had the shield, Tony?” He sounds concerned. “Really?”
The rocks nearby are only lightly dusted with snow. The spring seems immune to the cold.
Tony exhales, a hint of magic in his breath, and they’re close enough that Steve feels intoxicated by Tony’s presence.
“I am well aware. You already informed us you would be coming,” Thor says. “Did you figure out what you needed, Man of Iron?”
Not supposed to exist. Isn’t that right?
“I can fix this,” Steve says, and throws his shield into the rift, the magic ripping into it, and then the Aether seems to be cancelled out by something equally powerful.
Tony feels a fierce sort of adoration, even as his insides twist with
Tony doesn’t ask his dad to stay. In fact, he moves out. He doesn’t wait to be kicked out. It’s all about initiative, isn’t it?
It’s a delicate enough story. It occurs to Steve that probably no one can remember her because no one is taught about her in the first place. She wouldn’t be, not with the way pixies have been regarded as untrustworthy and whimsical for a very, very long time.
Steve’s hand darts up to grasp Tony’s arm immediately, but he doesn’t grip too hard. They’ve sparred, they’ve fought, with and against each other. Steve knows that Tony is hardly fragile—but he also knows that Tony is breakable, not invincible. Saying something does not make it so. He’s seen Tony fall.
“You’re not the only one haunted by ghosts who aren’t dead,” Natasha says.
Tony’s pulse speeds up. He closes his eyes, then turns around and kisses Steve properly.
Giselle huffs, then dips her head at Steve.
“It won’t be much of a vacation,” Steve says. “Magic isn’t working as it should. It’s happening when it shouldn’t, when nothing is visibly cast. We have to contain it.”
Tony has seen Steve fight, and it’s very different when he’s on the receiving end of the punches, because with Tony, this is a fight to hurt, not to win. There will be no victory to this. The walls are cracking, the porcelain scratched the tub, the iron beneath it breaking.
Tony stares at him for another moment. Whatever Tony finds makes his lips twitch up, hostility clearing off his face, and now he just looks tired. Exhaustion covers him like a blanket now. “Sure, okay. Well, I look forward to having your shield,” he says, then huffs out a laugh. “Really, you wouldn’t be interested.” He conjures up some light and turns back around, gesturing for Steve to walk over. “It’s just something to help people without magic interact with the magic-driven world around them. Nothing that shouldn’t already exist.”
“I’m a futurist,” Tony says. “I wanted to build a future, but was that the kind of future I’ve been building?” Broken and hollow and dark. He shakes his head.
No… no. God. Scratch that. He’s elated. There’s no redemption in this story, no salvation, no heroes. They’re long past that. Long, long, long long fucking past that, and that’s why Tony laughs. He’s so happy that there are tears in his eyes.
Tony sighs and presses his lips to his wrist, wonders what a kiss from Steve would’ve been like. Maybe in another life.
“Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.”
“I think they’ll forgive you. Not that they could do much to you.”
“You think a lot,” Steve says. He doesn’t want to fight, not now. Not with Tony, he realizes.
It’s not like Tony can go back now, even if he wants to. Which he doesn’t.
“Nah,” Tony says. His eyes linger on the art, catching on the strokes of sad reds and lonely yellows for just one moment. It’s haunting, almost like Tony is seeing the ghost of what he’s done. “Tell Pep to deal with all art related matters from now on.”
“Steve?” Tony pulls back, eyes going blank for a moment. He doesn’t smile, he must see something in Steve’s expression, or maybe in the way tension doesn’t leave him when Tony touches Steve’s biceps, because concern pools in his gaze. “What’s wrong? Is it too fast? We can totally slow down.”
“What do you mean?”
Steve grins. “Impossible,” he says, laughter in his voice.
Natasha looks straight back at him and arches an eyebrow. “If I didn’t know you, I’d say you were desperate, ser.”
“Nevermind being banned from the books,” Steve says dryly. It feels odd, having a smile to even suppress. “How are you not banned from the entirety of Asgard?”
“I am happy to help, my friend! I will join you shortly in the library,” Thor says, guiding the towards a tall corridor. He beams at them both. “I fear this isn’t something I can help you with, but I know who can.”
Tony is right, so there is no reason for Steve to feel defensive. And yet, anger simmers inside him, unbidden, Tony able to effortlessly draw it out even when Steve isn’t using it as a weapon (as a shield). Steve takes a breath, calms himself, and is glad that unlike most sorcerers, he has no magic signature that he needs to mask. His ability to drain magic is more touch-dependent, and does not reveal any emotional fluctuations.
But this is a better world. He gets to have Steve in this world and there’s no war, Tony doesn’t have to be scared they’ll be on different sides.
Tony blinks at him, gives him a noncommittal shrug and nod. “It’s fine,” he says. “He isn’t so bad.” He sounds amused at that. Fond, like he appreciates it, which Steve did not expect. “Right, Cap? Not gonna recite this verbatim to SHIELD?”
Next thing Tony knows, his ears are ringing.
“I’m asking you to leave,” Steve says. Please. “You can come back once I’ve nullified the Aether.”
Damn it. Tony saw. “I’m fine,” Steve lies, the words heavy and his chest hurts, even when it shouldn’t, even when he’s really just a summon.
Tony smiles, rolling his eyes fondly. “Maybe, yeah. If you can make the Aether not unwrite me. It clearly makes m—magic more unstable around it.”
“Oh good,” Tony says, “sure, remind us of those incompetent wish-warping genies, from Midgard, why don’t you. Thanks Thor.”
Tony tries to think back. Tony’s own memories get fuzzy, sometimes. “Right about when we escaped the facility. You should’ve seen the other guy.”
“If it is what I think it is,” Fury says, “the world needs to work on a little bit of faith.”
Only thing that matters is if Steve remembers. Find that out, first. And then, well. Do what he has to do.
Steve stifles a laugh. “You never know with the dead.”
“Yeah. But something was.”
,” he snarls. Thinks about all that Thanos has taken away from him, from the universe. The words rip out of him. Cauterizing his wound would be easier. Dying would be easier. “Who gave you the right to be a genocidal god, a monster, and then to—to mourn, as if you deserve to?”
The worst.
is not enough in this world you helped build—and destroy.”
“Bucky,” Steve says.
Tony can’t lose Steve’s life again, but… there is a way, isn’t there? Strange saw fourteen million futures that diverged from that certain point in time.
It’s too late, now.
“Well, never let it be said that sorcerers are ever subtle,” Steve says, blinking at the literal rip in reality in the distance, deep in the forest. It glows, a deep red, moving chaotically like something out of a dream.
Cells. This wasn’t a nice orphanage, Steve thinks, and it’s now completely wrecked.
“He’s here as SHIELD’s witness.”
Steve exhales, feeling his lungs ache, ice piercing through him. Tony’s magic is so alive, so close. When Steve stands by him, it feels like he’s being licked by fire.
“When what?”
Tony hums, crossing his arms. He used to really want to meet Steve (he was a kid at some point, too, wasn’t he). At first as a fan, before he got tired of Howard talking about him.
Steve seems like he doesn’t know if he should close that distance. He seems to decide to respect Tony’s decision after a moment of heavy silence. Tony gets it, he’s grateful. Intention means nothing, the road to hell is paved with good ones, and Tony has always been the best builder around.
In the end, he’s not sure what convinces Howard to not disown him. Was it his mother? His pride and reputation? Some part of Tony hopes it was just his father giving him a test… but he doesn’t think Howard would bother with that.
“People change,” Tony says.
“People without marks are expendable,” they say. “Weak. Heartless.”
Howard’s expression ices over. “You can’t even do this one thing right,” he spits. “He’s dead. And who in their right mind would trust someone with a dead soulmate?” He stares at Tony like Tony’s a business competitor, an enemy… like he’s nothing. “I should disinherit you.”
Steve grits his teeth. He’s shown too much. “Go get some sleep. It’s late.”
Freaking out? Steve is not allowed to do that. Emotions are for sorcerers. Steve is a knight. Knights kill bad sorcerers. But Tony is a sorcerer, and he’s not bad.
Tony laughs, a clear sound. His eyes catch the colors of the sunset, beautiful. Steve sighs. There won’t be enough for this yearning to really settle in. He wishes there were.
Steve closes his eyes and just wants this perfect dream to last.
“Ser,” Hill says.
Steve moans, starving for it like people yearn for addictive ambrosia that stopped working on him ages ago. Each touch is electrifying and heated and Steve can’t quite help the sense of urgency that slips into each motion, driven by desperation.
Great men are not always good men. Tony resents the idea that Captain America could possibly be both. How’s he supposed to hate Steve Rogers now?
Then, he just wanted to be able to get Captain America riled up and human so he could be able to say to Howard, see, not such a perfect soldier after all.
Steve’s eyes flicker to Tony’s tail, a red bleeding into gold. There’s a sense of wonder in his eyes, followed by a certain sadness. Steve reaches out, telegraphing the motion. “It’s… quite something,” he says.
Steve laughs with surprise. Even though there’s that lingering sadness that makes his heart ache whenever he allows himself to think of old, lost friends, he finds it’s easier to speak of the loss this time. Not that he’s spoken of it any other time. “She got lost during the Second Rune War. When I was there.”
Pain shoots up Tony’s left arm. His hand shakes, it cannot stop. He feels a sense of déjà vu. He gasps sharply, stumbling forward.
,” Steve says.
“Yeah,” Tony says, blinking. “I guess you don’t get a lot of time to yourself.”
That’s why Tony knew it would work, knew Steve wouldn’t be able to stop him. Belatedly, it occurs to him that there’s something even worse. It’s Tony, of course there is. Realization guts him.
In retrospect, Tony finds it weird that Steve didn’t try to shake his hand.
The rain slows to a stop. The cave is silent. Outside, the snow subsides.
(Oh, God. What if Tony never turns back?)
If he has no control over this soulmate shit, neither does Howard. “But he’s
Wanda stares at him. She clenches her fists. “Let’s go,” she says to her brother. “We have a Winterveil to prepare for.”
If Steve could be bruised, he would be painted purple, the ghost of Tony’s touch haunting him. But he’s not. He’s capable of healing, and Tony can’t let himself be Steve’s bleeding wound. He needs to close himself off, shut Steve out. Cauterize it before Steve’s mind gets infected even more by Tony.
Steve tenses. His eyes are wide. “I don’t… Tony? I have never said that to you.”
“Hi. Sokovia’s sorceress, right,” Tony sounds so friendly that Steve finds it weird. Tony was definitely not this amiable when he met with Steve. Though Steve supposes he did trespass. And threw a few barbs. It was in retaliation. Alright, so their first impressions had gone a little awry, but they were on much better terms now, he thinks. “Wanda Maximoff?”
It’s always one thing or another. Usually, it’s tyranny being fought, not a ripping of reality. This would actually be the end. With no more people, no more battles to be fought, there will be no need for the Captain. And the world never really needed Steve Rogers.
“You ask me why I have faith in you, it’s because I know you can do it,” he says. “You’re stronger than some red mass of concentrated magic.”
That is likely very true. Steve doubted it, too. He scans the room. The suits. Iron Man, Tony calls himself. He looks at Tony. “I think the problem is you don’t believe it,” Steve says. “The only person who needs to believe it for it to be true is you.”
(Has even the Ancient One left this plane…)
Steve is there behind him, circling his arms around Tony. Tony leans back into his embrace. He thinks he’s crying again, his vision blurry. But then again, the mind stone gives him a crystal clear view of the universe. He sees more than he used to, more than he should.
“Just put it over there,” Tony says, having shifted back and found new clothes. He taps his feet. Smiles, stands up from the bed. “Where are we going next?”
The echoing in the cave seems to be growing louder. Steve hears a stream of water flowing, deepening until it feels like the cave is submerged under cold water, sound waves altering.
Tony wishes Steve won’t try to catch Tony when he’s falling. “Still. It was mine, and I thought about it.” He glances at Steve, exhaustion tinged with growing fear, because how does Steve not see the problem with what had happened? “A lot more than I should’ve.”
“Yeah, like how the cave ceiling is dumping rain on our faces. No way is that possible without a spell,” Tony says. “I know it’s not supposed to be possible. Why is it still like that?” His lips twist together thoughtfully. “Nightmare central, pretty much.”
Tony curls his lips down, but he doesn’t look angry at Steve, more so frustrated by the situation. “That’s not fair on me,” he says.
Tony can’t take his gaze off where the Rift used to be, can’t look away from where Steve is supposed to be, can’t stop scanning the area where there is now
“The rune looks Asgardian, doesn’t it?” Tony asks. “Like old Wish magic. The unreliable monkey’s paw strikes again.”
“I suppose my coup will have to be delayed. Yet again,” Loki sighs.
Steve’s eyes flash. “You said you would help me.”
Tony’s eyes are bright. He coughs a little. “Yeah?” he asks, briefly forgetting to cover it up with an
He wonders if he can convince him.
”I’m sure they were very colorful,” Steve says, slipping his shield away into his mental storage, the only sort of magic he can cast, a power granted to him by the shield. “Ser Banner, we’re actually here on important business.”
(Only for himself, because he is greedy and selfish. He’s certainly not going to build anything for the world that has given him nothing, obviously, and the world is envious and angry. But, eventually, they have nothing they can say in front of him but praise, can only be drawn in by Tony’s magnetism and watch him show his bare, unmarked wrists.)
Flying is easy—flying makes sense. It’s his choice to fly, his path to fall down. When Iron Man falls, he can at least see the ground, know that impact is coming.
Thor laughs, bringing Tony in for a hug as well. He claps him on the back of his suit, more gently than he did Steve. “I am glad to see you are faring alright, Anthony.”
“I really don’t want to fight again,” he said, and it was honest and plaintive and
Stark wasn’t in the living room, though Steve could tell he had been from the discarded suit that he wore under his armor. The shirt portion had been hastily stripped off and thrown to the ground. He sighed. Just like Stark to act like a teenager in that way. He probably had housekeepers that came to clean this sort of thing.
“That’s pretty obvious.”
“Um. Sure.”
motion. “Not deep. I’ve got it, Rogers. You can go now.”
“Get the fuck off my floor! Jesus!” He could hear the man struggle to get off the ground, his breath high and tight and pained. “Fucking
Tony’s head jerked up. He stared at Steve, his mouth slightly open. “You’re… huh?”
Steve licked his lips. Stared at Stark’s carefully blank face, still turned away from him. “Want me to set it?”
He covered his face with his hand, a short, painful laugh bubbling out of him. “That’s not… really what I expected you to say.”
When he finally made himself look over at Tony, he could see that the man was processing what he’d said - tellingly slowly, for someone as smart as Tony was. His face was a little blank, like he couldn’t wrap his mind around someone apologizing to him. Couldn’t wrap his mind around the fact that they weren’t fighting right now, that Steve wasn’t chewing him out over some breach in decorum or throwaway sarcastic comment.
But, wow. Okay. No. He wasn’t. Stark was on the ground, looking up at him with wide eyes, unguarded for just a split second – long enough for Steve to register that there was
The older man closed his eyes. His mouth was shaking a bit, and the uncharacteristic silence made something heavy twist in Steve’s gut. He gave him some time to pull himself together.
Stark laughed again. “And then, you were nothing like that. But in three seconds flat, I pushed your buttons so hard that you hated
Instead, he made an attempt at a nonchalant noise, waving his hand in a
fucking guts. Score one for pops,” he added, snorting.
“Yes,” Steve agreed evenly. “But you also always have my back. You always look out for the team, you work your
Steve tried not to wince at the thought of doing something like that on your own. He’d done it once or twice, and it was incredibly painful. Difficult, because everything in your head was screaming at you to stop hurting yourself. He wondered how many times Stark had done that, if he was familiar with the process.
“Fell on the ground and couldn’t get up?”
Steve kept his face impassive, his tone carefully neutral and non-judgmental. “Do you want me to call Rhodes?”
Stark groaned again. He covered his face with one hand, rubbing his eyes. “It’s nothing. Jesus, Cap, would you just go? I’ve got this covered.”
Tony snorted, but he still relaxed a bit. “Ooh, games. I like games. Okay Cap, you’re on. Hit me with your best shot.”
But he gritted his teeth and caught the door just before it closed, stepping out. This was important. Stark had skipped the debrief after the battle
“You could have just told me you were injured,” he finally pointed out, the coffee warm between his palms. Stark rolled his eyes.
Steve wasn’t dumb enough to think it was only the pain that was causing that.
“Apology accepted,” Steve said diplomatically, though he didn’t feel that Tony had much to apologize for.
either. Shit,” his voice got lower. Dropped to a whisper. He rubbed his eyes again.
Stark wrestled with himself for another few seconds, then sighed. He closed his eyes for a moment. “Uh. Yeah. Please.”
Steve handed him the shirt. Stark stared at it blankly, blinking owlishly. “What’s that?”
and shit, but…”
Steve crossed his arms, quiet for a moment. “What happened?” He wasn’t talking about his injuries, and they both knew it.
Steve stared at him, and Stark laughed at his silence, the sound a little strangled. “You know, when I first met you, I was so down to hate you it wasn’t even funny. ‘Cause if you were anything like my dad had said, you’d have been a real asshole.”
“This… is not how I expected this to go,” he finally said, laughing a little. He sounded almost relieved, if a little bewildered. “For what it’s worth, I’m sorry for being such an ass.”
“You’re welcome,” he said automatically. “What were you going to do if I hadn’t shown up?”
Clint had cracked more than one joke about how Tony had to engineer a friend for himself in order to have any, and the memory made his stomach twist guiltily. If Stark felt like he couldn’t trust them, that was their fault. Not his.
touch me,” the man snapped, and Steve put his hands up and backed up a step, eyebrows raised. Stark’s chest was heaving, arm shaking as it held his weight. “Just – fuck, would you
By the time he returned to the bathroom, Stark had dropped his head down on the counter next to him, his eyes closed, his hand wrapped protectively over his injured upper arm.
“Yeah it is, Tony,” he insisted gently. “We’re all a little screwed up, okay? We’ve all had a rough go of it. You’ve dealt with things that I can’t even imagine,” he said softly, eyeing the glowing reactor pulsing in the man’s chest under his shirt, “and it’s okay to lose it, every once in a while.”
He was halfway down the hall before he heard the man. He was swearing colorfully from inside a room Steve assumed was the bathroom. He crossed his arms, tapped his foot just outside the door. “Stark.”
Tony snorted.
When he returned with two cups of coffee, Tony had obviously made an attempt to put himself back together. A blanket was wrapped around his shoulders, his hair a little smoother than it had been. His mask was back and Steve held back a sigh as he took a seat on the coffee table.
It wasn’t hard to find the man’s bedroom. It was neater than Steve had anticipated – not much to look at, really. It was all clean lines and open space, windows making up an entire wall. His bed was large and plush and comfortable.
Fuck, Rogers, I’m just tired, okay? You can go. If you want to chew me out, it can wait till morning. I really don’t have it in me right now.”
Tony’s face twisted with some emotion he was trying to hold down. “I got trust issues that could sink a helicarrier, Cap,” he said, something a little rough in his voice. “Believe me, that wasn’t all you.”
He’d never given much thought to what kind of father Howard might have been, preferring instead to remember him as he’d been in Steve's time. Eager, intelligent, patriotic to a fault. Perhaps a little single-minded, sometimes. Perhaps a little… cold.
“It’s not that bad. I could have stayed if I wanted to, but I didn’t,” he jabbed, and it was so obvious now what he was trying to do. If he could get Steve yelling, there would be no chance of anything personal being discovered, no chance that he could make the man feel vulnerable.
Well, too bad. Steve wasn’t going to let him get away with it this time. If he didn’t want to do the
Stark averted his gaze, his eyes darting away, but the rest of his expression was carefully flat. Steve sighed, setting it down on the counter when he still didn’t grab it – and Tony snatched it up immediately, wriggling into it with a grunt of pain. His shoulders dropped when it was on.
The man looked at him suspiciously. “Thought you wanted me to go to medical?”
tired, after battles like that one, but this was exhaustion that ran bone-deep. Something that made Stark’s hands shake and his mouth shake too.
But Stark wasn’t answering. He was just staring at him, calculations jumping back and forth behind his eyes – probably trying to figure out if Steve was being genuine.
“Stark?” he called out. There was no answer. He frowned - maybe the man was asleep already. He took a deep breath and ventured farther into the floor, moving toward the man’s bedroom, not exactly sure why he was so dead set on this. He just wanted something to
But he put his hand in Steve’s anyway.
“Let me-”
“I’m not going to try.”
Steve blinked, taken aback. “I never hated you, Tony.”
Stark’s jaw was working. “... Right at the tail end of it all,” he finally admitted. “Fucking bot blew up and caught me, knocked one of my thrusters into overdrive, and bashed in my chest plate with the shrapnel on top of that. I grabbed something to stabilize and… yeah.”
Steve frowned and Stark closed his eyes again, twisting his mouth. “Didn’t mean to say that. Didn’t mean to say
“No. None of that makes you weak, Tony. It just makes you human.”
The flicker of vulnerable surprise on Stark’s face was almost painful to look at. He stared at Steve for a moment, as if waiting for him to take it back.
Steve looked at him skeptically. His eyes trailed to the man’s left arm, still hanging by his side. “Is your shoulder dislocated?” He kept his question carefully neutral.
Steve picked a shirt at random, something soft and dark with a logo from a band he hadn’t gotten around to listening to yet. “Thanks.”
“I said I’m sorry,” he repeated slowly. “I haven’t been a very good teammate to you. Haven’t been a very good friend.”
“You can stop babying me.” Stark still wasn’t looking at him. Instead, his eyes were fixed firmly on his hands. “I know it must be fun to have a look-see at me when I’m all… all
The question was a dare. Steve took it. “You trust him. You obviously don’t trust me. You need someone to help you through… whatever this is,” he finished lamely.
Stark shook his head. “Oh, he got some things right. Annoying boy scout attitude, check. Hero complex? Check.” His voice was flat, and for whatever reason Steve didn’t take offense like he normally would have. Maybe it was because it was clear that Tony was trying to get control of the situation again, get control of himself.
Stark stared at him for a half-moment, mouth open. “I’m not -
there.
Steve looked at the man in front of him carefully. His shoulders were hunched, his head still in his hands.
“Wait,” Stark said, a question in his voice that told Steve his avoidance of the topic was due to genuine confusion and not manipulation, “you think I don’t trust you?”
Steve laughed humorlessly. “On the battlefield, sure. But with personal stuff?”
He blinked a few times blankly, pupils tiny pinpricks in the harsh bathroom light as he focused on Steve. “Did you just fall asleep?”
Stark laughed at that, then winced and held his hand over his chest, palm down. He touched the reactor gingerly. “No. Don’t think so. Don’t think I can.”
the AI said pleasantly.
Right. He didn’t like to be handed things. Steve had figured that was just a rich man’s toddler-like preference, but now he wasn’t so sure. Tony was vulnerable right now, hardly in the state of mind to be petty – and he hadn’t even reminded Steve not to give it to him directly.
And it didn’t look slept in.
Steve leaned against the back wall, crossing his arms. “You should be in medical.”
Tony waved his hand dismissively. “Oh, of course you did. I gave you every reason to.” His mouth twisted to the side. It was obvious he was leaving things unsaid, but he added, “Still giving you plenty of reasons to.”
Now Steve was wondering how many other times Tony had played him like that. He felt a little stupid.
parts of their job, he’d be benched from the more
He admitted it like it was something shameful, like he was sure he’d be mocked for it, but something warm sparked to life in Steve’s chest. “Then would you tell me what happened?”
“And I think you’re afraid that I’m going to judge you for all of that. That I’m going to think you’re weak, or not capable of doing Avengers business.”
“Can’t,” he said simply, shaking his head. “I’m not going to leave a teammate in trouble. And we need to talk.”
Steve cleared his throat. “Jarvis?”
“But, man. He sure got the ‘real men don’t talk about their feelings’ shtick wrong. He’s probably rolling in his grave right now, knowing he missed you coming back. Knowing that,
, coming up with some throwaway excuse that Steve couldn’t even remember. The man thought he was too good for the hum-drum parts of the job. As usual, he wanted to swoop in and do the superhero stuff and then leave before any of the clerical work started.
He moved forward to help him up, and Stark
He searched for something to say. He’d come up with the intention of chewing Stark out for missing another debriefing, for running off as soon as the battle was through. For the gruff way he’d pushed past Steve a few hours ago when the captain had tried to stand in his way, his eyes narrowed in anger as he hurled verbal abuse like Molotov cocktails. He’d pushed Steve into a shouting match in about 30 seconds flat and he’d been too pissed to think rationally afterward - no doubt Stark’s intention, since it let him slip away to his floor without being followed.
He set Stark’s cup down on the table, and the man eyed him. He hoped Stark wasn’t offended - he wasn’t going to mess up by trying to hand him the cup again, but he also didn’t want to look like he was wearing kiddie gloves.
He tried to keep the question light, but Stark scowled at him anyway, pushing himself off the toilet and into a credible standing position. He swayed but caught himself, hissing as he put pressure on his left arm.
There was a long moment of silence where he thought that Stark would refuse. But then the man just slumped a bit, frowning, and nodded once. He wouldn’t meet Steve’s eyes, his face turned firmly away.
Tony pressed his hands to his eyes, hiding them. He huffed out a self-deprecating laugh. “No. Of course I wouldn’t. But it’s not the same-”
I had everything under control till you scared the bejesus out of me and I-”
“And that cut?” He squinted at it, and it was impossible to miss how Tony’s hand twitched up like he wanted to cover the bruised area around the reactor. He didn't, though.
Rogers?!” Stark’s voice was angry. Angrier than Steve had ever heard it. But it was also shaking violently. “Who the hell do you think you are?”
Stark looked away, his mask crumbling a little more. “You’re a good guy, Steve. I trust you just fine.” His mouth twitched. “Wouldn’t have let you, uh. Touch me at all just now, if I didn’t.” He squinted up at the ceiling as if there was something interesting there. “You wouldn’t even have been able to access my floor if I didn’t.”
parts until he figured it out. Steve was going to tell him as much right now, while it was fresh.
, his ain’t-shit son just spent the last hour having a fucking panic attack right in front of you.” He shook his head. “He always said that if he found you, he wouldn’t have let you near me. He’d be too embarrassed of his pansy ass son for that – he probably wanted a kid who… I don’t know. Ate roofing nails or caught bullets with their teeth or whatever the fuck it was real men did back in the day.”
They sat there in silence until Stark couldn’t take it anymore - not a long time, predictably. “Still want to give me a speech?” He sounded almost hopeful. Clearly, he was ready to get back to their usual dynamic. Ready to stop being
Hands fiddling with the blanket around his shoulders, Tony pressed his lips together like he was afraid secrets would start spilling out if he didn’t.
Steve felt a flicker of a smile on his face, to his surprise, but he pushed it down. Now was not the time for levity. “I think you had a panic attack.”
It sounded like he was giving Steve an out. A reason to leave, to forget this conversation had happened.
.” As he spoke, the truth of his words washed over him. “And, in return, we’ve made you feel alone. Made you feel like you had to come upstairs and be by yourself and in pain when you should have been able to ask for support.”
He closed the worst bits with some butterfly bandages that were scattered all over the counter, noting the way that Stark’s skin jumped under his touch, and moved back to give him some space. The man was overtired. They were
The words were cold. Matter of fact. He’d already come to the conclusion that Steve was going to try and bench him, to kick him from the team. And he hated that he’d not really given Tony a reason to think otherwise.
“I’m sorry,” he said softly.
I’m gonna go up to my room for a little privacy. Oh, and don’t worry, there’s nothing actually
“I’m not going to lecture you.”
“Yeah, but none of you freak out over a papercut.” The words were bitter, and even though they were hardly apt to describe Stark’s injury the man obviously believed them. “What was I supposed to say?” He grimaced, mocking his own voice in a dismissive way – “Hey guys, not to freak you out or anything, but I’m about to have one hell of a gasping-crying-breakdown! So if you wouldn’t
“Damn it, Steve,” Tony breathes. “What happened?”
“Pretty sure that was one of the options you gave me,” Tony drawls, eyes narrowed. “Watch as the world breaks down, remember?”
“What are you—oh,
Tony blinks. “I mean, it could be that she just likes the flowers,” he says. “They’re pretty. Doesn’t have to mean that she expects him to die again.”
“I’m sure,” Tony says smoothly after a moment of silence, as if it’s not awkward at all. Not weird at all, for Steve to say this. “What afterlife do the pixies subscribe to? I’d love to get her contact.”
Tony used to be a lot better at probabilities.
“It’s an art exhibit. Miss Potts has suggested you go yourself to see which new paintings you would like for your collection.”
His life has always been wild, but after Iron Man comes Captain America, apparently.
The Rift is closed, but still his nightmare has come true.
“But it could,” Steve says.
“Hi, soulmate,” he doesn’t say. He pointedly ignores Steve’s outstretched hand each time and makes sure his bare wrists are visible, and he always dies a little seeing Steve’s eyes go cold.
“Oh, stop, don't remind me,” Tony says, raising a hand. “Thor has strange designer aspirations. Nobody encourage him. He thinks he can be whatever he wants.”
What does Tony have to say or do for Steve to get it, to get that Tony isn’t worth the effort?
Steve looks at the swirling red, at the pure darkness in the Rift, an abyss that will suck in Tony and reality with him if Steve fails. “I need to,” Steve says.
“Meet Giselle,” Tony says. “She doesn’t fight these days. She’s gonna help us get to Sokovia. Very useful, aren’t you,” he adds, towards Giselle with a pat on the back. “Hop on.”
Maybe it’s easier to pretend that Steve doesn’t care, so Steve shakes his head. “It’s nothing important,” he says. “You don’t have to do anything for me.”
Natasha’s expression twists into something a little too kind, too much like sympathy for Tony to be comfortable. Tony wants to turn away, feeling vulnerable. This isn’t the time for him to be in the vicinity of a SHIELD spy. It’s never really the time, and right now he’s just. He’s.
“Sokovia,” Tony says, magic flaring for more than just a moment, radiating something very heavy. It’s clearer, now, no longer suppressed. Steve is more familiar with Tony, he recognizes it, can hardly believe he missed it before. Maybe Steve was trying to not see it. “Why is it Sokovia?”
Now Steve actually has something to lose.
“Hey, now. If you say it’s not my fault, though it sorta really is, then it’s completely not yours, Cap,” Tony says, even manages a smile, hey, he should be proud. He plasters it on so there is some more distance between them. He hates doing this, especially when he wants Steve to care (Steve cares), but he can’t always get what he wants.
“Are you?” Steve asks quietly. He’s touching his wrist, where the metal band to cover his soulmark is. It’s a bright red, part of the Captain America suit. Tony’s eyes follow the movement before they flicker back up to meet those deep blue eyes.
“Steve,” he repeats, incredulous. “You sure it’s safe giving a sorcerer permission to use your name? And not just anyone, but me.”
“Let’s get out of this spring and get a bed,” Tony suggests.
“Well,” Tony says, “we heard that Sokovia was the place to be if we wanted our dreams to come true.”
Grief hollows him out.
“For their healing effects,” Wanda said. There was a pause before she added, smiling, “You are lucky to have found each other. I am grateful for your help. I will meet you at the Rift tomorrow at twilight. Enjoy your night together.”
“I wouldn’t have been fine,” Steve says quietly. He looks back at Tony for a moment, looking so sorry. “I have a reason to side with reality, and not the dream the rune wants you to make real. Who’s making you do this, Bucky?”
There is a lot Tony doesn’t say on their first meeting, and all the subsequent ones.
If he starts using it, he might not want to let go. Tony kisses Steve, clutching onto him tightly.
Tony’s head hurts, abruptly. It feels all so pointless. Steve just won’t stop, even though all his leads are false. Tony doesn’t even send his intel back to Hydra anymore—he actually wants to see if there are any other Underground members, but apparently Tony has been too good at his job.
“Did you think I would? Were you waiting for me to stop?”
Bruce looks over what Tony and Steve have gathered as information, “So you need to find out where this rune originates from,” he says.
can’t be bought.”
“You should tell the others,” Steve says, pressing his lips to Tony’s neck.
(Nobody thinks he needs to hear it, they think he’s too proud already, they don’t realize all Tony does everyday is wear his shame with pride.)
Maybe this is Tony’s nightmare.
to rest a bit? Even without the Scarlet Witch insisting?” Tony plays with the water in front of him, raising a hand out of the spring. The bubbles slip out through his fingers, drift towards Steve. They pop when Steve pokes them. “I won’t tell.”
It’s more unbreakable than they think it is, but no. It’s not very reliable. Steve knows that much.
Steve’s not.
“I know,” Tony says.
built.
Tony is the one hurting. He’s sitting down by the fountain, with the water spraying angel that is flying around somewhere over rooftops.
Tony brightens at that. “Big explosions,” he adds for Steve.
He swipes the screen away. The moment has passed.
(this isn’t that world. it wasn’t supposed to be like this
“But don’t you
“I’m sorry,” Natasha says.
Tony used to be a lot better at possibilities.
As much as Steve wants to be out fighting the monsters they say are appearing out of nowhere, wants to go dispel the curses that are somehow flung left and right, he can’t, he’s confined to complete this one mission as efficiently as possible.
He could stay here. It would be easier to lie down, close his eyes. Sleep without intending to wake up.
“Well, no,” Tony says. “They wouldn’t let me stay the whole time, something about procedures, blah blah blah. Fury wasn’t very happy.” His expression darkens. “Neither am I. What the hell were you doing?”
“This is not fixing,” Steve says. “You knew that.”
Tony glares down at his hand, but doesn’t blast Steve away, which Steve considers good enough. “What?”
“Said like a man who has no idea what gold can buy,” Tony says, as if he knows exactly the sort of person Steve is.
Night falls. It belongs to Tony now, safe for all those who once feared it. Now, fear implies guilt.
“No kidding,” Tony agrees. “So, what’s not good news?”
Steve watches Tony walk up to the man, exchanging words. Bruce Banner. His signature is full of agitation, like a sorcerer in constant, murky battle.
“An Infinity Stone,” Steve says quietly. “The Aether is the liquefied form of the Reality Stone.”
(Nobody ever asks Tony why he doesn’t have a soulmark. Everybody
The girl looks at him curiously. “I was just about to head home,” she says. “Need a flower?”
Tony considers that. “Good to know you aren’t omnipotent on top of immortal,” he says.
The vibranium has cracked before, a long time ago, when he fought Bucky the first time around, when they’d (inevitably) been summoned on different sides.
Steve doesn’t cry, but there’s a first for everything.
“Five explosions,” Bruce clarifies for Steve.
The worst part about the sometimes is that—it’s only sometimes. After they work together a few times, Tony appears to have proven himself. Or whatever. The precious times when they aren’t fighting, Tony delights in making Steve smile and laugh. When Steve isn’t the perfect super soldier, when Steve (
, one of the forgotten souls calls to Steve.
Tony has always hated being grounded. Tony doesn’t know what it’s like to be completely free, but swimming is close to freedom. He thinks he would like flying, too.
“Really now. What’s with the other two not getting in on some hot banishment action?”
“Nothing you’d get,” Tony replies, so quickly it sounds automatical.
“Yes. As part of our efforts towards peace, Ser Stark,” the vendor says sardonically.
“Why resort to summoning a Knight, Ser Fury?” Steve asks. “Are humans playing with runes again?”
Tony waits for Steve to come to him. Steve always goes where he is needed, after all. Tony is hoping he will see reason, will choose Tony over what ridiculous notions he may be holding onto, but with the way he breaks into the building and frowns behind his cowl, Tony doesn’t think that will happen.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, staying in his spot, sounding too damn sincere about that, sounding like a broken record playing on repeat, because Tony has played Steve like this, of course Steve is saying this shit. Tony would’ve guilt-tripped Steve into doing a hell of a lot more than just apologize. “I know it’s a lot. I should have—”
That’s an oversimplification of what the Sorcerer Supreme does, and yet, it’s fairly accurate at the same time. Steve respected the Ancient One, but she definitely has had her fair share of lies of omission. Steve understands that. Sometimes, people prefer the history that’s a lie, the methods that are the same but are called something that sounds nicer.
“Sharing is caring,” Steve says with a smile, which makes Tony laugh.
“Congratulations. You figured it out,” Tony says. It’s a weird guess to sound so sure of, isn’t it? Cross one thing off the list.
A few days (yearscenturieslives) ago, if a situation like this happened, he might be thinking that maybe it’s long past the time for the shield to break, for his contract to fail, for the world to learn how to fend for itself. He might be thinking that the world shouldn’t need the Captain anymore. It always does, though, and that’s what Steve has realized. The truth of it just hasn’t ever hurt this bad before.
“Your armor is possessed?” Steve asks.
Tony sucks in a breath, then exhales, and smiles, feeling cold. That’s that, then. He doesn’t have to worry anymore about Steve having memories or actual feelings for him. This isn’t real.
“I don’t understand,” Steve says softly, after a while where they just chat about random things. “You have misplaced faith in me. You don’t need my belief in you. I don’t—I’m not all that great, Tony.”
Tony makes a face. “I almost thought you were going to go with it. Humor, Cap. Look it up, I’m sure there’s a dictionary here somewhere.” He squints and looks around, performative like a lot of things he does.
Tony casts a frown back at the site. “So much darkness…” His eyes darken. “Not just from the bomb. This isn’t what magic should be used for.” The sphere in his hand is a deep purple, nearing black, swirling, building.
“Do you think the Infinity Stones let just anybody wield them?” Thanos demands, and his voice booms now, the strange heavy tone turning into something angrier. Anguish. Loss. He’s a broken, fallen god. “The mind stone lets you, because if you wield the gauntlet once, it will always remember you.”
Steve’s thoughts go unbidden towards a terrible idea. Fear grips him tightly. What if—what if someone uses Tony against Steve, what if they try to hurt Tony to get to Steve? It’s irrational. He knows it won’t come to that.
They’ve both learned that tears run dry eventually, just like ideas and memories and faith. There is no survival in this, not for either of them.
Steve shrugs and agrees. They find the Scarlet Witch waiting outside her home for them, arms crossed, standing in a garden of blooming, snow white flowers.
“I wouldn’t want to subject JARVIS to me floundering around in an old-fashioned suit,” Steve says.
“Yes, you do. But don’t forget about me.” Tony starts to protest but Pepper stops him. “I haven’t seen you outside your lab in a week, Tony.”
Loki scoffs. “Hardly. You’re young but ancient. You don’t really belong to
It doesn’t take long for them to find what they’re looking for.
Tony pouts. Steve is not imagining it, Tony Stark is actually pouting right now, and Steve wants to feel irritated, but the irritation evaporates when he realizes Bruce appreciates Tony’s blunt casualness towards what must’ve been a terrible experience. Steve is conflicted, unsure how to feel, uncertain why there’s a bloom of warmth inside his chest. Bruce is dangerous. Maybe not like Loki is, but Bruce’s signature is unstable.
That’s what Tony wants. He wants to live. More than wanting to be, he wants to do.
A hiss.
“Of course you’d believe that,” he retorts. “You are not welcome here.”
It’s not okay. Not yet. After this, it will be. It’ll have to be.
Break through one of them, the whole foundation collapses. And here will lie Atlas and all his failures, Tony thinks. Tony will be his last (he wonders who was the first).
“You’re dying,” Steve says bluntly. He turns on the light for once—Tony winces, his pupils constricting violently at Steve’s bluntness along with the sudden brightness.
Steve looks at his hand, his body. The world around him flickers, and he flickers, too. The Aether hasn’t decided which will win the future yet. The dream or the reality, and Steve’s not sure if he is a dream or reality, but he knows that Tony’s world is real.
“Well. I’m not after your shield, Steve,” Tony says, exasperated, fond. “You’re more than that.”
Tony flinches at the use of his name. Steve swallows the rest of his words. “Well, chop chop. No time to waste,” Tony says, armor shifting like liquid again, melting around his body, over his skin and clothes. He always has his armor ready to expand around him into a suit.
“Hm, weird,” Tony says. “I don’t think disrespect is what’s pissing you off here.”
“Unlike mages, I don’t need to recover after exertion, Tony,” Steve says, but his voice is hardly firm. “I’m fine.”
He blinks. His world has shifted, become darker with his transformation back. The gleaming black of his eyes has completely swallowed up the blue, that vestige of his humanity gone. Steve didn’t turn on the lights. Tony’s pretty sure they can both see fine in the dark, though, so he wonders what Steve is trying to avoid. Tony was originally going to shift back after his wound healed, but he thinks he wants to see more.
What does Steve want Tony to say? Is he bothered by how Steve said it was for his partner? Is this him trying to let Steve down easily?
“No?” Tony frowns. “You didn’t?”
“I’m coming with you to Asgard,” Steve says.
“SHIELD takes great measures to ensure the safety of Midgard,” Fury answers without hesitation. “And, by extension, the entire world.” That’s not a denial.
“You want to die?” Steve asks, sitting beside Tony.
“Why, SHIELD didn’t debrief you about the Tony Stark situation?” Tony asks with a wry laugh, and his grin is wide as it was the day they met, completely fake, Steve knows that now that they know each other better. “Am I not important enough to be on the need-to-know list for the Captain?”
An eyebrow raises. “Are you saying Howard taught me wrong? I believe that, Captain. He taught me a lot of things,” he drawls, looking at Steve with distaste. “I’ve started to learn how wrong he was. So, why are you here?”
“Are we expecting her to tell us her plans nicely?”
“Who’s doing the pulling apart?” Steve asks, watching Tony examine the rune thoughtfully. “It’s not SHIELD.”
“But you can. Or,” Tony says lightly, like it’s not a shocking revelation, “or, maybe you can’t.” Steve expects another barb there. Instead, Tony offers, with no sense of expectation or judgment in his voice, “You want some sleeping draft? I’ve got some from Alfheim. It’s supposed to be the most effective. Smells good, too.”
“We will keep looking for methods of containment,” Thor says gravely. “Good luck finding where the Aether was used, Man of Iron. Captain.”
“Magic,” Steve says, a little awed, and brushes Tony’s lips with his thumb, caresses his cheek.
“Who are you?” Tony asks. “Are you with her?”
Tony’s gaze is bright enough that it burns through Steve. No one’s ever thought so much about Steve.
“I’m building the future,” Tony says. “I’ve got better things to care about than recreating the past.”
Tony smiles at him brightly, then looks away with an almost wistful laugh to himself. He takes a bite of his half, chewing. Steve watches him swallow.
Tony arches an eyebrow, surprised to see that Steve means it. “I’ll follow you,” he says. He’s gotten the hang of lying to Steve. He’s had a lot of practice (has he?). “I’m on your side.”
He shudders.
It’d really have been nice.
That brings horror to Steve’s face. “Tony, God. Don’t say that again.
Steve curls his hand around Tony’s arm. “Tony,” he whispers, hurt, like the world is crumbling around him, or maybe it already has.
Steve kisses him so he won’t see Steve’s eyes gleam a touch too brightly, too blue.
After they exit the palace, Tony says, “Well, nice knowing you, Cap, but I guess this is where it ends.”
The vendor eyes it. “You can keep your money,” he says. “Gold holds no value here anymore.”
“Oh! Here,” the girl says, snipping the flower from its stem and passing it to Steve.
“Right, yes. You know about the Captain,” Tony says. He doesn’t look at Steve when he adds, “Captain, meet Bruce Banner. He’s one of the many people who have tried reinventing your particular brand of antimagic powers.”
The Infinity Stones. Not exactly stones, are they?
Tony gulps in lungfuls of air, staring hard at his reflection in the mirror. His eyes are his own right now, molten copper no longer covered by a cloud of purple, but this does nothing to stave off the fear that’s corroding his mind.
Whatever magic is at work here, it’s indiscriminately destructive.
“I wonder how she found the Aether,” Tony says. “How are we going to deal with this?” His lips curl down. “We can’t get near the rift without going all loopy and unstable.”
“Are you,” Wanda says blankly.
The whole world has seen what is inside Tony, and Steve got front-row seats. No… he was forced to play a role he never wanted.
Tony looks back to whatever he’s working on. Steve wonders what expression he’s making when he says, “Guess the world doesn’t need you as much anymore, huh, Cap?”
But then he says, strong in a way only a mortal knows how to be, because a mortal knows how it feels if they aren’t heard in their brief lives, “I want to.” And then he says, awfully generous in a way only Tony thinks he must be, “Steve, if you don’t want this, know that I won’t let that change what we’ll do tomorrow. It’s not going to affect anything.”
Trying to replicate Steve’s powers without knowing how it’s done doesn’t have good consequences. Steve hates that Bruce is one more person who will have that in his biography, but he knows that Bruce is more than this one mistake. Bruce didn’t know.
“I know. You understand it. It chose you, too,” Steve says. “And I believe in you, Tony. Thanos even acknowledged you had a connection with the stones, didn’t he? You’re strong. You’re the strongest person I know.”
“Hydra,” he repeats, shaking with the fury and ruin of a man who has lost his world. “The world is not right. So many people have died or lost themselves. Tony...”
It takes a while for Wanda to come around, but eventually she and Pietro sit down with them.
That makes Steve’s eyes snap onto Tony. “No—“ he denies automatically, then cuts himself off like he realizes yeah, it is a lie. It’s all a lie. “Tony. Move.”
Tony laughs with the winds they ride, and Steve clings onto this feeling. The way they talk makes Steve forget, if just for a moment, where they’re headed and what Steve’s doing here, in this time. Steve should probably remind Tony of that.
The reflection grins and says,
Stay away. Don’t touch, because anything Tony touches he breaks, and he always has wanted to touch Steve the most. He knows how Steve feels now.
He’s like a goddamn puppy, all golden and sweet and friendly to a stranger. Except Tony isn’t a stranger, is he, because Steve knew Howard, and Tony has no doubt SHIELD has given him information on Tony Stark.
Being born into war is not an excuse to start one.
“You forgot,” Tony says, amused. Pleased. “I’m glad to hear that I was a good distraction. It’s okay to be scared of the cold. I’m not—not judging, seriously, I’d be the last person to play judge.” He bumps his shoulder against Steve’s. “Look, I don’t… I don’t offer something unless I want it too.” He looks vaguely alarmed by what he said. Steve’s heart beats a little faster, and his smile feels too honest, too open. Tony licks his lips, eyes flickering down and back up. ”Since it’s honestly hour, why not, right. I like your company.”
“I run an entire company,” Tony says. “Well, sort of. Point is, I’m not a rogue. I had all the paperwork done—thanks Pep—I’m Iron Man, got it? Time’s ticking, life’s slipping, Cap. Try something else.”
“Good,” Tony laughs. “Good, believe me.” He leans down to suck in Steve’s nipple, eliciting a groan from how sensitive he feels. “Now let me make you feel good,” he says in a low voice. “I can do that, I’m good at that.”
But the part that breaks his heart is that he can still do it. He can still look at Tony and, knowing that Tony will believe him, say, “I’ll make it.”
“Hey, that’s on you,” Tony says, “you owe me at least a drink and a dragon scale for that.” He flutters his fingertips over Steve’s armor.
Tony tenses, hand twitching before he tries to withdraw it. Steve raises his own, holding it there. Tony doesn’t look at him sharply, but Steve feels Tony’s magic shrink away, almost like it’s trying to seem less powerful, even as Tony straightens up and is probably about to say something stupid.
“Do shut up or it’ll be thirty-eight,” Loki says. “Anthony, I examined the scans you sent me.”
“Yes,” Wanda says, a touch defensively. “Why do you ask?”
“Yes,” Steve says, surprised by the tone. The fire wasn’t a long time ago, not in his memory, but people always treat what happened to him like some ancient, glorious history. And not just a casual experience, like Tony could be asking anybody else that too. “They’ve done some… remodeling,” he adds, delicately. You never know who’s got a spell in the walls.
Tony isn’t someone Steve would be able to dream up. He looks at Tony, whose eyes are so wide.
Steve’s throbbing with arousal. He nods. “
Bruce glances at Tony. “Magic gone haywire, yes,” he says slowly.
Bruce raises his eyebrows at Tony, acquiesces. “Well, yes. It’ll take some time. Feel free to use the lab, I’ll let you two know when I’ve found a location.”
He needs Steve. He needs...
The shield spins towards the shadow that’s forming person. Loki dodges the shield and its arc back into Steve’s hand as well. He glares at Steve, tilting his head down. “You,” he says, voice low and menacing. “Captain. You’re not supposed to be here. Shall I remedy that?” He grins sharply, spinning a dagger in his hand.
”Yeah,” Steve says, sitting beside Tony. He remembers what he asked Tony in the snow. “I’m sorry if I trespassed, Tony.”
“Mermaids really aren’t as pretty as people think they are,” Tony informs Steve. Steve’s expression is tight, but he can’t feign indifference.
“Nothing. Just, weird is all.” Tony smiles. “Don’t remember this on your file.”
“That’s not an option you would take,” Steve hazards a guess, and by the way Tony widens his eyes, he thinks he’s right. “You know a way to find the Aether, don’t you?”
The spirit smiles at Steve, except Tony supposes spirit isn’t exactly accurate.
“Ser Stark,” Steve greets, eyes trailing down fleetingly to the glowing circle in the center of the sorcerer’s chest, hidden behind a black shirt. The magic he felt, it was from there. He hasn’t felt such a strong magic signature in a long time, even if it’s from a device, and not a human.
me? Should I be offended? Is Strange too busy making deals with demons to fight back demon incursions this time of year?”
He didn’t know that Tony would be coming whether Steve showed up at his door or not. Steve glances at Tony, who doesn’t spare him a glance back whatsoever. It seems like Tony Stark cares more about this than he let on.
Tony ducks underwater and exhales, bubbles popping at the surface. He peers up. Steve’s face looks blurry from here.
“Affirmative, sir.”
“Remodeling.” Tony looks amused. “Knights go for diplomacy?”
Tony grins. “So polite,” he says teasingly.
He’s with—
Steve feels a chill. He blinks, hard. “No,” he says. “I need to—I need to check something.”
Steve examines Tony‘s suit. It’s the first time Steve has felt underdressed, even in his own Knight armor. Steve feels like a relic, a memory, whereas Stark’s suit is all bright red and gold and something that’s all about the now.
Steve arches an eyebrow, amused. He peers into the water, into the bowl of stars. He wants to reach down and cup the constellations, but they can’t be kept. He wonders if some of the stars he remembers from the past’s night skies have winked out already.
“I heard what you said, by the way, with the florist,” Tony says, clearly going for nonchalant. “All of it.”
Captain America has an ulterior motive, then?
“You understand that the dead can’t be with the living,” Steve says softly. “They—they don’t belong. If the veil breaks and the Aether manages to change reality like that, all magic will go out of control. It’ll destroy the world.” He looks at Pietro. “Sorry.”
Steve opens his mouth, then closes it. Thinks. Fury wants them to work together for a reason. Steve isn’t as adverse to the idea as he was before. “Yes, you could,” Steve says. “But you don’t have to.”
“It’s three o’clock, Sir.”
“Thing is, me having this stone means I want it more than Thanos does. And I don’t—I don’t actually want this all that much. I shouldn’t,” Tony says, and isn’t that just hilarious. “I have the power to control minds, Steve. I can just—make anyone believe anything. This is just one stone, and it is so much power.”
He wonders how close and how often Tony Stark had come to saving the world, just to fail in the end. Perhaps Strange is hoping this will be that second time he will finally make it.
“Not at all!” She looks delighted to be able to talk about this. “It’s a forget-me-not. They usually only flower after the snow melts, but the Sokovian forget-me-not is strong. They answer to people with the same will.”
“It’s no problem at all, Steve,” Tony says.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says. “I’ll give up.” And he surrenders, finally realizing that he’s on the wrong side of history, the side that does not exist. Cannot. And together, they will make everything right, and Steve will bend and they can finish their little road trip, and they can do all the things Tony has wanted to enjoy with him, always...
“Maybe you shouldn’t use any magic around here anymore,” Steve says, worried. “It’ll be dangerous.”
Is he not good enough compared to Howard, that he can’t be called Mr. Stark? He supposes it makes sense. His dad always made it sound like he was irreplaceable in Steve’s life. Best of friends.
Steve coughs, but doesn’t deny it. “That’s the All-Father you’re talking about,” he says, tapping below one eye. “He can supposedly see us, even from Valhalla.”
It’s hard because Steve Rogers really is a good man. Tony digs deep and pokes at his buttons and wants Steve to finally
He summons the Knight Captain, in all his legendary dragon scale armor, a deep blue with red crystals sunken in the design. Natasha feels the mana inside her wane in the Captain’s presence, as if it’s being drawn out to another place. She tenses, sincerely hoping the Captain is as kind and heroic as Coulson always wanted to believe. Coulson’s going to be really disappointed he’s missing this.
Steve nods. “Yeah. I figured that out. Your attitude is somehow both better and worse around me,” he says gently, without reproach. “I used to think you got rid of the mark because you didn’t want a soulmate in general, and rejected me because you didn’t want me, or that it was a one-sided bond. But that’s not the case, is it? It’s not one-sided. That’s why you stay away and haven’t even asked to see my mark, even though you’re always so curious.”
“Why do you think that,” Wanda says slowly, eyes uncertain, and she looks strikingly young. Steve wishes he’d been summoned more, wishes he’d been able to save her, wishes she didn’t have to save herself.
“Tony,” Steve says.
After Obie, he won’t.
Steve gasps when Tony’s fingers wrap around his cock, stroking quickly and squeezing lightly. “I can’t believe you’ve wanted this. Why didn’t you tell me?” Steve asks hoarsely.
“Tony. I care. Not just about everyone,” Steve says. “I didn’t… didn’t just do it for everyone. I did it for you, otherwise it would’ve—it would’ve taken you too.”
There’s a sudden boom. They both jump in alarm, Steve raising his shield to deflect the attacker, the shadowed figure dashing towards them. There’s a loud, resounding noise when they clash, and then the vibranium is shrieking in pain. Steve grits his teeth, shaken by the amount of force. He pushes back with the shield.
"Thank you," the voice was soft and energetic at the same time somehow. He gave her the money and turned around, again, and...
We'll meet Steve in the next chapter, promise. Leave comments, maybe?
Now it was Steve's turn to blush, "I... uh... " Luckily he was interrupted by the waitress who'd arrived with the coffee. Tony ordered one for himself.
"So many questions," he laughed, "You haven't changed."
Comments. Comments. Comments. Need them like Tony needs to calm the hell down.
"Sir, I already did. He's insisting."
"I've seen the footage. You're not the type of guy to make the sacrifice play." (I'm sorry, I know you're a good man. You saved my life)
Thor on the other hand, was very vibrant and even a bit smug. Still likable, though. Thor and Bruce were also the latest addition in the list of people who knew who Steve was. Banner looked shocked and Thor obviously was intrigued to hear all about Captain America.
"Come on, Stevie, you can do this." His voice sounded like an echo.
"I... want you... to fuck me... right now," Tony managed to whisper in the midst of the strong waves of lust Steve's touch was blessing his body with. Steve grunted and took out his fingers, smiling at his lover who had his eyes closed, his face burning with anticipation.
"NOT NOW!" He was trying so hard to keep his hand steady. His heart pounding in his chest. He took a few deep breaths.
"Should I call Banner?" Steve asked and Tony nodded.
"Cap is like a short form for Captain. And, well, why not. It's not like we have lots of options here. Damn, let's be friends, Cap" He winked.
"How would I know where our dear old Captain America happens to be." The emphasis on Captain America was audibly resentful. Sam's eyes quizzically fell on Natasha and shifted to the figure standing next to her. Steve had just arrived, in his uniform, looking all soldier-like and stoic.
Steve looked at them both, appalled.
"You think you and Widow can stop Hydra? You're not even getting out of here alive. You were used as a distraction."
"I kinda liked you, you know. Loved putting all those thoughts in your head. Felt kind of intimate." Loki smirked at Clint.
"Ah, Steve," Bruce had also just seen Steve, "Let us when you Fury is in a terrible mood today."
Steve let himself drift into the merciful arms of a slumber. He couldn't go back and deal with Tony's indifference again. He might've slept hardly for an hour when his emergency phone rang. He woke up with a start. It was Sam.
"Let us hope it doesn't come to this," Thor said. He swiftly walked out of the workshop, followed by Nat and Bruce. Tony refused to look at Steve.
He rushed towards him. Turned him over. He'd been shot at three places, but was still breathing. Blue eyes opened, started at him for a second and shut close again.
"His name is Simon Edwards. He visits my auntie's cafe sometimes." for some reason, she was whispering in a scandalous tone, "Why don't you leave me your number and I will give it to him next time he... "
Steve returned the smile. Even though they were facing a serious alien invasion issue, he felt a bit better knowing he could now get rid of the burden that was Simon Edwards.
Howard Stark had thrown a party. Steve still couldn't manage to ask Peggy to come as his date, but he was glad they'd get to spend some time together anyway.
"Oh, it's nothing. Actually, I'm just... "
Tony groaned and turned. JARVIS was getting to his nerves.
"I thought you were dead, y'know?" Steve told him. Bucky didn't answer, he was humming softly.
"Easy, there. I don't miss a date, you know that." Iron Man's usual carefree voice informed them of his arrival.
"Little busy here, Captain!" Nat breathed, kicking a man and dodging an attacker at the same time.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be harsh," Steve apologized quietly.
Simon Edward was the identity Steve had taken as per S.H.I.E.L.D.'s instructions. They'd given him a decent apartment, right next to Sharon Carter's. It was good, actually, having someone he could feel a connection with. Natasha was cool, she cared about him and had even tried to set him up with several women, including Sharon, over the past few weeks. Sharon was amazing and so were the other women, including a new internee at S.H.I.E.L.D.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You're assuming way too much," Steve looked directly into Stark's eyes, his face slightly red. The man almost dropped his coffee.
Okay, so this is kind of an interval. Because now we can get to the real issue. Can Tony hate Cap and love Steve at the same time?
"Of course you don't," Tony was probably too tired and too stressed to hold back, "You're Captain America, the great American hero. Leader of the Avengers. You get to question a bunch of scientist who've been working themselves crazy on this device."
"Well, it's not my fault I look like... him."
Tony's ex is back in his life and Steve is getting targetted by Hydra again.
"Mmm?" Steve slowly blinked and as the room came into focus slowly, he saw Tony, with wet eyes and trembling lips.
"You okay? I'm sorry about the show earlier. It was nothing. Those old ladies are more into each other than they're into creatures with dicks." Tony grinned at a bewildered Steve.
"I regret all of it," Ty looked sad, "I was awful to you. But I love you. I want another chance."
They couldn't find anything at the tower.
Except, these days, a certain supersoldier found himself randomly up at night sometimes, thinking about a certain arrogant brunette he hated.
Pt. 4 : I got you
"Oh, screw it. Tell him to wait in the common area."
"Both, actually," Steve let out a chuckle and coughed. Tony, as if automatically, stood up, worried.
He didn't know where he was anymore. Or who he was.
"No. No one." He smiled, his sadness almost matching Stark's. He had left his apartment and was avoiding Natasha, Sharon, and Fury. Sam had helped him find another apartment after he'd declined his friend's offer to stay with him.
'Oh, of course he's here.'
"Then you should keep it with real care. In fact, all of them, are great." Tony smiled softly, his dark eyes twinkling.
Sam had convinced Steve into wearing a crisp white shirt under a khaki blazer jacket. He caught the eye of several women, and men, the moment they joined the party. Natasha gave him a sly smile, "Don't you mind me, sweetie. If you don't mind going home with someone... "
Sam made sure to sit next to Natasha and Clint made sure to sit next to him just to annoy him. Bruce was sprawled on his couch. Nat was worried he was taking it all get to him. Tony and Steve were made to sit on the same couch because Nat thought if they did end up having to go on the mission together, they'd better start practice getting alone.
"I know Rumlow's working with them, but how did you... "
"Sir, Captain Rogers is outside, requesting entrance." JARVIS's voice startled Tony who'd started to dose off.
