"It's nice to meet you," Steve said instead of offering out his hand. Danielle just smiled subtly but her eyes spoke volumes.
"...there's breakfast downstairs.  And a doctor," he added.  "This isn't 1945, Steve.  You don't have to act like a soldier right now.  C'mon.  Look around."  He gestured to the bedroom.  The white sheets and white floor, the private balcony overlooking the bright blue ocean, the mahogany bar in the corner, the bright little orchid on their bedstand.  Sometimes, he found it annoying how Steve behaved.  He guy had grown up in the Depression and he often acted like it.  Surviving instead of living.
"Oh my God, oh my God!" Banksy continued to shriek.  Even Donner was smiling shyly; Banksy's enthusiasm was infectious.  "Oh my God I can't even believe it... I'm going to be the third omega ever to host my own show... are-- are they leaving us in the prime time slot?"
The moment they walked backstage it was chaos.  Tony and Steve were both immediately accosted by a couple of hairdressers.
To his credit, he got halfway through before he set down the burger, unbuckled his seat belt, and curled up in Steve's lap.
?  I feel like I'm bonded to a rhino.  ...Steve.  Steve, I'm sorry, I don't know how to tell you this, but there aren't many rhinos left anymore.  I hope you don't like rhinos 'cause they're almost endangered.  I mean almost extinct.  Like the dodo."  He practically fell into the passenger's seat with a sigh of contentment, looking over at Steve.  "Steve.  I love you, omega," he said drowsily, giving Steve a grin.  Steve had already begun to notice that the smiles Tony offered Steve were different than the smirks he offered the press and general public.
Tony shook it, even though he had no idea what Sean was wishing him luck with.  "Thanks for the wine."
, he congratulated himself cheerfully.  He shot out an e-mail to Erica over at Natick to make sure he could actually
Tony tried to get around Steve, intent on getting in at least one more smack, especially since Pitbull had just punched his omega (though Steve didn't even seem to feel it, and Pitbull was clutching his hand and wincing), but Steve was doing an excellent job of blocking them from seeing each other.
Tony gave himself a shake.  "Yeah, we'll check out the Statue of Liberty and go collar-shopping.  The tabloids can make what they like of that," said Tony. He forced himself to focus on the positive side of things.  "...can you imagine all the headlines? They'll talk about us going to this conference and they'll think I've finally tamed you... and then they'll go batshit again when they realize it was just us stirring up more trouble.  Dad'd be proud."
It was dark in the house and reeked like flowers.  Tony had hired on a whole new gardener just to take care of the things.  She was an omega named Lacey and she came by three times a week to water them, mist, and fertilize them, a process that all day.  The first time she had seen Steve, her eyes had filled with tears and she'd stuttered out a non-specific thank-you to him before vanishing from sight.
DeSoto, sensing the tension, was still pawing at Tony's leg, his natural omega urge to nurture an Alpha, to make Tony feel better, as clear as the look of concern written on his face.  Tony was absently patting him, trying to impart some calm; he felt nothing but pity for DeSoto.
"He's fine.  He had other stuff to do.  You know Steve, he's very independent," said Tony.  He checked his watch. "If we hurry, we can grab McDonald's breakfast.  I'm never up early enough for that. C'mon, Pep, let's go."
The witch smiled at the doubters muttering behind her and clicked her fingers in front of Steve's eyes. There was a whisp of red that fluttered in the air. It glittered. It was almost pretty.  But dangerous.  Like a flame.
"Whatever the omega wants," said Tony wearily.  Steve's body was providing more than enough heat for him and frankly the only thing he was currently interested in was sex and alcohol.
Steve cried out at the bite mark. It felt good but it burned, God it burned. He was shaking. Steve's neck throbbed with a pain he'd never felt before. "Bucky.
Steve laughed gently when Tony nosed against a ticklish spot and playfully pushed at his shoulder. "Hey, don't be mean," Steve complained in a grumble, his eyes a little glazed over still. He wasn't as gone as Tony but he was still far from sober.  "Where did...where did all our clothes go?"
"I can watch him for you if you want," said Rhodey.  "Also, the reason I'm here is that the King of Wakanda, T'Chaka, requested an audience with him following the most recent terrorist attack in their northern region.  One of the old Ambassador IV rockets hit a hospital and killed three civilians."
"...Steve," he began.  His voice cracked. He cringed at himself, cleared it softly, then repeated, "Steve.  It's me. I'm here for you. And I'm... sorry. If you can hear this, get outside, now.  We're gonna rendezvous in--"
The learning annex didn't look anything like Tony had pictured.  He was reminded of a waiting room at a massage parlor or a therapy office.  They were in a narrow, dark corridor with a couple of little potted plants and a little table with a tiny fountain running.  Tony spotted a white noise machine on the floor under it. Yeah. Total therapy vibe.
The memory came flooding back to him in an instant.  He and Barney, screaming for each other on the thoroughfare, calypso music playing incongruently in the background, the sweet sharp smell of hay and caramel corn.  Straining for his brother as they were pulled apart. The sensation of being unable to easily hear what Barney was screaming at him as they dragged him off. The calm explanation he'd been given later, by Carson, in a confusing jumble of half-heard words and writing and made-up signs:
He abandoned the food and crossed the garage, his limp noticeable but much better.  He pulled out an old photo and held it out to Steve.
"...no," said Tony hoarsely.  He realized, after saying it, what a bone-headed lie it was.  Now Steve had heard his voice.
"Dad and the Howling Commandos," said Tony with a small smile.  "Look at you guys... all dressed up and ready to save the world."
"What do you mean, Malick deployed the STRIKE team to pick up Rogers?" demanded Pierce.  "No, we didn't hear anything about that! Rogers isn't even our concern as long as he's not off ruining international treaties!  ...get the Ventura base commander on the phone, I need to know what the hell's going on."
"You never have a right to touch anyone without their consent," Steve said, for what felt like the millionth time. "Regardless of their status."
Another episode had begun.  Two men in yellow jumpsuits were breaking up what looked like blue shards of glass. Both of them were betas. It was a show that really wasn't about status. Just like
They began to whisper conspiratorially as Steve walked out of their little group and over to Tony. "Hey," he breathed. "How's it going? It's kind of like being back in high school over here..."
Steve wanted to take some time to try some British classics. They brought the food in on a silver trolley, because there was so much of it, but Steve could easily clean about half of it away.
"Very common, actually.  Alphas in particular are prone to mood swings when their mate is in heat," said Gleason, pulling off his glasses to clean them.
," Steve groaned as the head squeezed inside of him. He shuddered, his back arcing in pleasure as Tony slowly slid deep into his ass. He probably could have done with a little prep but Steve appreciated the low burn in that moment. "This is just for you.  Just for you," he murmured, voice shaky. "Just for you, Tony; only you get to see this."
"We, er, can't stop them walking out the door, sir," the man explained awkwardly. "They're people. They're allowed to walk where they want."
"...cameras?" repeated Bucky, brow furrowing.  What cameras? What was Steve's deal with cameras?  Bucky had a flash of memory, a memory of Steve saying he didn't want to mate in front of a camera.  Was Steve saying he wanted to go somewhere to mate? Bucky perked up a little. "Sure, where do you want to go?  ...home?" Bucky's brow furrowed even more. "Tony... you mean that other Alpha? Don't worry about him, Stevie, I'll take care of him."  Bucky most certainly
"Heard you had a spot of bother today," Pierce said through a tight smile, turning back to Steve. "I'm sorry to hear that."
"We tried our best to weed out any hostile questions," said Tiberius.  "If I were you, I'd give a few statements about America being stronger for its diversity and reminding everyone that you're only human.  You made a mistake.  That has nothing to do with status. It's something that people need to hear, though."
But he had never witnessed casual gambling escalate so quickly as this did.  A group of filthy rich Alphas, all of them with dominance complexes... it got tense within four hands.
"You know I haven't spoken with any of those guys since," Haley said, sipping at her wine. As a waiter passed as she grabbed a glass of champagne off of a tray and handed it to Steve. "They were all kind of assholes."
Tony was feeling a bit disappointed that so many of the people he regularly saw at corporate parties were turning out to be assholes.  (He'd already know Jonas was an asshole, though.)
"...okay," agreed Tony, even though none of Steve's words sat well with him.  Steve said he shouldn't be at his interview because everyone would be staring; well, of course they would.  Why wouldn't they?  Everyone stared at him; he was awesome.  He didn't want to leave Steve alone, strangers touching his abs.
Gideon nodded to the woman at the desk, giving her the go-ahead to get them registered.  She placed a red wristband on Tony, ignoring Steve completely, and held out a program to him.  Tony stared at it.
"...so, uh, I guess I didn't win the race, huh?" asked Tony, looking up from the devastation on the track.
A moment later he'd disappeared into the fray, and Tony was pulling out his phone to give to Steve when they were approached by a tall, overbearingly dominant man.
Steve was silent for a moment, and then said, "So.  You're building a new suit?  Another one?  Do you really need seven of 'em?"
Staring down at Bucky's limp, unconscious form, he was reminded of the heavy, ancient silence of the graveyard in Long Island.  How Tony had stood there staring down at his parents, his mourning done privately, without the advantage of knowing how to express his sorrow.  "
When his thighs began to quiver he knew he was getting closer. Steve squirmed happily as Tony played with him and stroked him, whining a little too as he rocked up into his touch with eagerness.
He stripped and folded the clothes into a neat pile before shoving them into the corner of the bathroom so the smell wouldn't bother them whilst they slept. He stepped under the spray to find the water was hot. Steve offered Tony a weak smile when he stepped under too. Gently, he washed and rinsed out his Alpha's hair before cleaning his own. Despite Steve having been in the fight more he felt a need to mother Tony right now. His Alpha felt...delicate right now.
Come to think of it, it wasn't that surprising.  When Howard had died at the age of 70, he'd looked like he was in his fifties.  And that was taking into account that, at the end, he'd been drinking almost continuously.
"At least fish and chips hasn't changed since the forties," he said through a mouthful of fries, covering his mouth with his hand.
Steve wondered if Sam and Rhodey were friends after New Year's Eve. Whilst he'd been cut off Tony he'd been cut off from everyone else too. He realized he had no idea how any of his friends were, or if they were okay. Steve had been a shit friend. He'd ignored them for two months and then dragged them into
in a way Bucky had never been, at least in a bonding sense. Bucky felt worlds away from Tony in every aspect; it almost seemed wrong to compare them.
He was not used to making choices and suddenly there were an infinite number of them before him.  He was utterly lost without his handler's direction.
"Both," Brazinski answered easily. "The fact that you took that upon yourself and only yourself to bring the Winter Soldier in is another display of very self-destructive tendencies, Captain."
"Yes. Of course. She's probably the best person from my past, I mean... she changed the way I saw the world. And she still means a lot to me, you know?" He could sense Tony's nerves and squeezed his hand gently. "She spoke about you, when I met her before...and she asks about you when she calls. She'll be glad to see you," he said, making it sound like a promise.
again. He missed them fucking, essentially. There was no spontaneity at the moment; everything was...safe.
For the first time he was feeling something a bit like guilt from trying to kiss Pepper.  He'd only been fooling around. But Pepper understood Tony in a way Steve didn't, even though she was beta.  She was one of the only people who, when he came back from Afghanistan, hadn't asked how he was, hadn't treated him delicately.  She'd called the press conference he wanted and rang up the dentist and it was back to business as usual. She hadn't pressed going to the doctor.  She had had her hand in his fucking chest, for crying out loud. He loved her in a weird, selfish, possessive way and he wanted her and he was pretty sure she knew what had happened over there and how badly it had ruined him.
Steve blinked. He couldn't really imagine a time after the fight, when it would be over...it came from living though a war, he supposed.
For a moment he thought about how young Joey was and then realised the man looked about 25. Steve's age, or thereabouts. Ha.
"Drive," Steve told Bucky matter-of-factly. He was about to add 'they'll be tracking us' when he realised.
"...the fob unlocks it remotely.  It's, uh, it's push to start, there's just a button inside.  There's a chip in the fob," explained Tony, showing him which button to press.  The car chirped and lit up as he unlocked it.  "Trust me, it's fun, this thing is a
"He's in the gym?  Before noon?  What is he, crazy?" asked Tony, rising dizzily, kicking away the sheets.
"Sure. Sounds good," Steve hummed as he watched Tony's lips around the toothpick. He paused for a moment, apparently lost in thought. Or rather lack of it. Steve pushed off the side of the bench slowly.
He sidled up to Steve as Steve groaned, curling up, and wrapped an arm around him, nosing into his neck lovingly, his whole body tensing.  He felt the back of his neck tingle and a swelling between his legs. "...I love you..." he murmured softly. "...I got you, Stevie..."
Hammer had begged for a spot.  Hammer had been trying to reverse-engineer Tony's suit designs.  Hammer would do anything to upstage Tony, especially at his own expo.
Steve couldn't let him put the suit on. But how could he stop him? Then he spotted Rhodey stepping in through one of the entrance doors and he sucked in a breath. Yes.
"I don't want to talk about it," said Tiberius sharply.  They dropped it. Pepper, at least, couldn't smell him, didn't know what the big deal was.  But Pietro's reaction to him had been an unpleasant reminder of just how unsettling his biology was to the statused.
. "If I had listened to men like you in the forties, I wouldn't be standing here today.  And so God help me I am
She handed it over. He put his number into it. "I know people who could find her in a matter of minutes. Call me when you get the chance.  Her name, her birthplace, all that.  I can locate her for you."
to eat ten of them.  There were flavors he'd never even seen before.  He tried to catch Tony's eye, to communicate silently that he wanted Tony to take some of the donuts on his behalf, but Banksy was commanding all of his attention.  Boswell looked tired as he nursed a coffee on the sofa, whereas Banksy was practically hyperactive.
Tony and Boswell had long since finished primping and they were on their second glass of scotch, chatting like old friends. Tony had discovered that Boswell, despite his hang-dog face and serious mannerisms, was actually pretty friendly.  He reminded Tony of Stane back before he'd...
He put a knee on either side of Steve's thigh and pushed his shirt up, leaning down to kiss his abs.  Steve's skin was taut over the muscles and it twitched in response to the brush of Tony's lips. He sat back up and reached down to unzip Steve's pants, his hands reaching in to pull out Steve's length.  For a moment he stroked Steve idly, looking down at him while Steve smiled lazily up at him, his member slowly going stiff in Tony's hand.
Steve let out a long breath. "Hammer and his mate, Jack, disappeared. I don't know where to. I don't know is there were civilian casualties but people definitely got hurt. Could you get Rhodey, actually? Tony needs someone to calm him down and I don't think I'm the one who's gonna be able to do it."
Steve smashed through front mirror with his foot before leaning down and ripping out the steering wheel and slamming it into the man's face. He had the special brief case attached to him-- good to know. Said man was now unconscious, blood dripping out of his nose as his head slumped forward.
"You guys need to work on all that pent-up frustration. You're shit at talking. Both of you are," she told him matter-of-factly and then pulled away, as if she'd been waiting just to say that. Perhaps she had.
Tony sulked in the elevator, for once silent.  Natasha kept looking at Steve.  Tony hated both of them.  He reminded himself, over and over, that Steve was a liar, a traitor.  He tried to squash his feelings, ignore Steve's scent, ignore his sharp blue eyes with the little flecks of green and the fluid, almost cat-like movements of his toned, sculpted body.  Steve was still almost irresistible to Tony, but Tony kept up a constant, internal stream of beratement, wanting to shuck off his desire as soon as possible.
"You wanna drive the bike down to the base?  I know a really nice restaurant... thought we could have a little lunch date before you and Nat fry my brain," he said with feigned casualness.  He eyeballed Steve's outfit.  "...unless you were planning on running there?"
"I'm going to lose at poker tonight," she said, and the room burst into laughter at her response.  Even Tony accidentally let out a small snigger before catching himself. The thing was, everyone's mood was so pleasant and all the couples looked... well... happy.  This was the first time Tony hadn't felt like the omegas were being treated like shit. Granted, they were talking about how to impregnate them, but the omegas in the audience generally seemed very receptive to the idea.  Plus, Tony was pleasantly surprised to find he was attending a science-based lecture. He wasn't a biologist but he appreciated learning how the hell this worked because he had no idea; Clint's brief and confusing explanation of genes hadn't done much for him.
"I deserved everything I got in there. I brought it entirely on myself and I take full responsibility for it," Steve said calmly, hyperly aware that that beeping sound was his heart rate. And if he got stressed or nervous his heart rate would make it glaringly obvious. "I guess I just called HYDRA because I... could?"
"You, Steve Rogers-- I thought better of you!" Aria said and Steve saw Tony in the bathroom doorway. His shoulders slumped.
"Oh, good boy," praised Tony, who could see how taut Steve's muscles were.  "Good boy, taking it all in for your Alpha... yes... just like that... the whole thing, Steve.  Let me fill you up. Let me see you take this whole dick, just for me..."
Dinner came around soon enough. The food was lavish, like the kind Tony and Steve would eat when they went out to fancy restaurants. They served plenty of champagne with it and a lot of the omegas were getting pretty drunk.  The drinks were all light: champagne, wine, sangria, and Steve overheard more than one omega scoffing that it wasn't right for horseshoes to drink and that
... Tony felt a lump in his throat, felt a rush of affection for the man.  And with it, an intense desire to protect him, guard him, take him,
Steve crouched on the opposite side of the street.  There were a couple of cars parked outside... Mini-Coopers.  A bit stereotypical, in Tony's opinion, but whatever.
"Oh-- no, thank you," he said as she shoved a glass into his hand.  "I can't get drunk. No point," he told her. "I heard your guys' act. It was good. I liked the story about the banana." Arcadia smiled into her drink.
A man went for him just as Steve heard a car engine starting. He twisted around and caught the guy in the jaw with his foot before slamming him into the ground. Then he jumped onto the car, bullets still flying. It was chaos. If anyone could see anything, it was only outlines, and clearly, they were afraid of shooting each other. They were no STRIKE team, that was sure.
"I hope we make a lot at the auction," Steve said softly. They would need everything they could get for Project 84. Maybe Steve
The journey back to the car from the lounge was much the same as their entrance had been. People were yelling; the signs were foul. But this time Steve didn't wear his sunglasses.  He didn't need to.  What fear or trepidation he'd felt walking in had been replaced with righteous indignation, and he was able to brave the crowd with his head held high.  Still, when they were finally back inside the cars there was a collective sigh of relief.
Almost immediately, Steve's plan to lay low backfired, because Maggie Frond was standing by the door, back against the door, arms crossed, feet planted.  She was a small woman but she oozed dominance.
It felt good when Tony had sucked at his neck and re-established his claim there and Steve's body had responded in turn, shivering in delight. But that was enough for Steve right. Baby steps.
"Is that why I keep meeting people with weird My Little Pony names, like Shimmer and Whirlwind and... I mean, goddamn,
And then with another prod to his prostate, Steve came undone beneath him. He wasn't coherent enough to warn Tony but he did clench around his fingers tightly, almost tugging them in as he came into Tony's mouth, letting off a trail of expletives as he trembled beneath him. Steve panted and whined, his eyes glazed over. "Tony. Tony.  Oh my God.  Fuck.  I'm sorry I didn't--"
He felt a chill.  He couldn't buy all of them.  He couldn't get ten million by tonight.  Steve had said to try to save the youngest but they all looked around the same age, eighteen or nineteen.  How did he choose? Should he get the ones that looked weakest? Strongest? Smartest? Most attractive? Should he bet against people he knew would abuse them, like Ron, DeSoto's Alpha?  How did you make that kind of judgement call?
Dr. Gleason looked up at Steve.  "It does feel dilated.  You're going to probably be spotting and have some nausea for a few days, along with some cramps.  If you need anything for the pain, I can write you a script.  But you'll be fine.  Are your heats cycling regularly?  Taking any suppressants or anything like that?"
"Fuck! Sorry." He hadn't told Steve about the dream.  No point. Honestly, he felt like it was stupid that he still even thought about it, at his age.  They'd been dead a long time.
"...yeah," he said softly.  "Sleep. ...it... it looks so good on you, Steve.  I mean, it really does." He brushed his hand over the back of Steve's neck, playing with the collar, with his-- their-- bonding mark.
Tony was bristling.  "Neo-Nazis?  I don't know.  It's in German, the only reason anyone would send that would be to fuck with Steve, right?"
"Like he's a dependent child who's too afraid to let go, and also has confused sexual feelings for you?" Aria asked, taking a drag straight after. She was obviously asking in Steve's interest, her eyes narrowing.
"...I'm okay," said Tony quietly.  "Thanks though." He closed his eyes, listening to the ocean, enjoying the cool breeze.  The sand was soft and cool beneath him but slowly heating up from the warmth of their bodies (mostly Steve's), and the world was rocking in that pleasant way it did when Tony was drunk.  He slipped an arm around Steve's waist, ready to fall asleep, aware that Steve would take care of him if he did.
"Steve.  Gimme another chance.  A second chance. I... I didn't like feeling... rejection.  I'm sorry I made you feel that. But now I can be a better Alpha.  And you're not sick anymore! Everything's okay now."
In all honesty, Steve wasn't. He'd gotten a lot of confusing feelings around his heat that hadn't really gone away. But Captain America couldn't have an Apha. It wasn't possible. Steve was supposed to represent something, and he couldn't lose that.
he thought sleepily, lazily.  Even though he'd slept for the better part of the morning, the excitement of the last few days was catching up to him and that, combined with the comfort of the bed and Steve's back pressed into his torso, were enough to push him into a perfect, restful sleep, clutching Steve tightly, protectively, breathing on the back of his neck lightly.
Someone patted his chest.  The room was resolving slowly, its surroundings shockingly familiar.  The wallpaper was beige, the furniture light tan, the floor hardwood. It was small, cozy.  Steve knew this apartment. He knew this apartment very, very well, because he'd lived here throughout his childhood.
"Come on," said Tony, giving Steve's hand another tug.  This time, Steve let Tony lead him down to the basement shop.
, man."  He slung an arm around Steve and handed him a couple of-- what, pills?  Candy? They were baby blue and reminded Steve of Smarties, a candy he actually remembered from the forties.
He peeled away his oily clothes and then looked at Steve with a grin.  "I'm all oiled up and naked. Please tell me you're not going to let this opportunity go to waste?"  He sidled up to Steve, careful not to touch his white shirt and get any motor oil on it, then dropped to his knees and nuzzled Steve's groin.
Tony snorted little at the idea of Clint as a mascot.  "Clint's a spy or something. He works as an agent for the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement, and Logistics Division.  And Steve
"No, it's great, it's the best thing in the world," said Tony, setting his head on Steve's shoulder.  "Wanna help us answer fan mail until I get horny and take Steve out back to plow him again?"
Clint was not sure if he had mentioned he had a brother to Steve or not.  He suspected he had; it was not a secret. Phil, a fellow omega in the agency, also knew.  Steve had brought it up before, saying they'd spoken with one of his brother's ex-Alphas, but that meant nothing to Clint.  By the time he began trying to track down his brother, the trail was cold. They had been separated as teenagers. It had been about two decades.  He had pushed that part of his his past deep, deep down.
"Steve has a choice in everything he does and he makes it every time. He only stays with SHIELD because he
Well shit, okay. That seemed like  a big deal. Was it a big deal? Steve wasn't sure. Last time he'd met a president it hadn't been a great experience. He didn't have the greatest of track records but he was willing to give Ellis a chance. This was a  gesture. He was extending a hand out to them. It felt like they should take it.
Even now, even with Steve, Tony couldn't drop his sarcastic, easily distractible sense of humor.  No.  He'd never been able to drop it.  Just as he hadn't shed a tear when his parents died, Tony had never fully let up joking about the ninety-six days he had been held captive.  He didn't know what would come out if he did.  Besides, he'd never really had the time.  After his escape, it had been a whirlwind of press conferences and board meetings and trying to set his life in order again, and he'd never just sat down and thought about it.  Nor had he wanted to.  Tony preferred to compartmentalize things, and he happened to be very good at it.
"A host of things, sir, depending on the color.  Enduring love, elegance, refinement, regality, abundance--"
Steve raised an eyebrow.  Tony was suddenly acting weird. He'd gone from teasing Steve in the shower to telling them they...didn't have to have sex? This was confusing. He wasn't sure what Tony really wanted. "Hey," he said softly and turned to face Tony, letting their naked legs tangled together comfortably. "What are you thinking about; I can practically see the cogs turning in there," he tried to joke with a half smile as he reached up to push Tony's damp hair from his forehead.
He answered it with irritation.  "Listen, Pepper, if this is about the Expo, then I told you, tomorrow--"
"Jesus Christ, Fred, no more Long Islands," said Lola, disgusted, yanking the drink out of Fred's hand.  "No one killed Trickshot and you're being an ass."
"...he can't just take a bunch of personal days," added Tony, trying to cover up his worry with annoyance.  "My birthday's in a week and in the meantime we have, you know, a lot of statements to give, and also, you heard JARVIS, I'm drinking eighty-six ounces of chlorophyll a day.  I'm sure as hell not blending that much kale myself."
"Oh my God," Steve whispered, and his breath hitched. "I didn't think there was anything the museum hadn't already snapped up," he murmured and gently took the photo, holding it closer to see it. There was more photographs but the Smithsonian had everything, something Steve silently resented. Most of it was from war photography, sure, but they had some of
What she was saying was true, but that didn't make it hurt any less.  He didn't want to be Steve's silver medal.  But Bucky was dead.  That should have been the end to it.
"I'll let the Colonel know he's down here," said the man in the uniform, nodding to the soldier as he closed the door.
Karpov pulled open the book, cursing Dr. Ludheim softly under his breath.  "Желание. Ржавый. Семнадцать. Рассвет. Печь. Девять. Добросердечный. Возвращение на Родину. Один. Товарный вагон."
"Captain Rogers asked me to inform you that he left a note for you, sir," JARVIS added a beat later. "Shall I let him know you've woken up?"
Wendy and Remi both shook Steve's hand.  Like Danielle, neither of them were bonded.  Wendy and Danielle were wearing blue dresses, while Remi's was a soft pink with an elegant floral pattern.  Banksy was in a tux, his sleek blond hair tied back. It was the first time Steve could ever recall seeing him in black and not something bright and loud.
He swam to the edge of the pool and rested against it heavily, his gaze distant. He didn't know what to think or how to feel. He'd never felt so goddamn confused.  Should he report this?  After the incident with his heat, everyone was worried he was compromised.  But Gideon Malick told him he didn't even work for SHIELD as an active field agent anymore, so why should he tell them?
What he wouldn't give to hold Steve again, kiss him, bite him... they'd been so close to mating and he felt thoroughly annoyed that another Alpha had shown up and stolen Steve away.  He'd tried his hardest to protect Steve, to cover him, but it hadn't mattered. He'd failed his objective, which was protecting Steve, and in turn forfeited his reward, which would have been mating Steve.  At least, he was pretty sure that's what Steve had implied. He wasn't 100% on that but he assumed Steve would have given him the go-ahead or at least let him know if he wasn't allowed.
Tiberius lunged again at Pietro; Pietro was still clutching his jaw, half-blinded.  He let out a squeak of surprise when Tiberius threw an arm around his neck; he was a head shorter and far less muscular.  He struggled, clearly in a panic. "What the fuck is wrong with you? What did they
It was Irshad that saved them.  "The rumor is that Captain Rogers was undercover to monitor the Iron Man situation.  Correct?"
Steve felt oddly serene, in that moment.  Odd, because he never would have guessed that he, Captain America, would find peace in the cold, dreary, overcast city of London, England.
He floated onto his back, staring up at the sky.  "Can you toss me a pair of shades?  ...it helps that the water is warm, and clean.  You know, this was in November, and the mountains were freezing.  I think they just melted snow from outside, to be honest.  Sometimes it was like slush.  ...so I know where you're coming from, with the water thing.  ...you and I ought to start a group, we can call it aquaphobics anonymous.  Speaking of AA, beer me, will you?"
"Do you remember how you tried to kiss me, and I explain that I love you and Steve very much, but--"
"Thanks," said Tony, pointing at him and then going back to his cake.  "The subpoenas are on the table... go ahead and help yourself. I super-hate going to court so if you can just absorb, deflect, and delay all of them as much as possible...?"
"What are you talking about?" asked Tony teasingly, sidling up beside Steve.  He was still in sweatpants. "I love the fluffy duckling look. That's what you're going for, right?"  He wrapped his arms around Steve and gave his shoulder a gentle bite, not enough to mess up his clothes but enough for Steve to feel the pressure.
The Alpha below him laughed breathlessly. "You think you're untouchable. I tell you w-what Captain-" Steve cut him off as he wrenched his leg back. It definitely broke that time, bent awkwardly at the knee.
if you get probation!  Right now I'm fighting treason charges against you!  You have any idea how much a QuinJet costs?"
"Why would you want someone to dress up as slave? Surely they just looked malnourished and sad?" Steve said, not understanding why anyone would dress up as a slave. The name Princess Leia did sound vaguely familiar though.
Pietro shook his head.  He wasn't just shaken. He was embarrassed.  And the last person in the world who could understand was probably Bucky, who was an Alpha, who had been raised a century ago, and whose mentality was simple and fractured.  "No. Everything is fine. Where's Wanda?"
He stared down at their intertwined fingers. Tony's hand was a little pink from where Steve had been squeezing it. The touch was subtle and simple but it made an electric tingle run up his arm. He almost felt light-headed.
But Steve's grip was loose and Steve offered no resistance when Tony pulled his hands away; the soldier was kissing his lips and his jaw and Tony felt his body tightened a little around his member, and he felt a confusing mix of delight paired with panic.  His hips twitched involuntarily up into Steve, wanting to drive his knot into him.
"If I don't go outside I'm going to throw up. I'll be back in a few minutes. If I go crazy, you have permission to shoot me," Steve breathed and then pulled out of his grip before stepping out. Mac let him go. Steve went down a few rows of steps and then sat down on the tiled patio overlooking the Pacific, the music a dull thud in the background. If he had to listen to one more reporter ask him what it was like to date Tony Stark, or how he dealt with being an omega in the workplace… he was going to goddamn
"The way Alphas and omegas feel each other is different. You're more likely to feel things like fear and panic from me because you're the 'protector.' I'm more likely to feel your anger and disappointment because I'm supposed to appease you," Steve pointed out.  "Maybe since both Alphas are the protectors, they won't feel each other.  I dunno.  I never heard of two Alphas sharing an omega before.  But if we both feel Bucky...we'll both feel him differently. But ever since Bucky was in HYDRA, I never felt him, Tony.  And that's when we just had
Steve woke later that evening to Tony's arms around him and his breath hot against his neck. He stirred a little and blinked, rubbing a hand over his face and sighed. This felt so strangely perfect. He grunted quietly and sat up. Steve moved to go take a piss and then devoured a few pastries and three glasses of water before returning to bed.
," hummed Tony softly.  A pause. "...that's a very famous Sonny and Cher song.  ...remind me to play it for you, okay?" Tony smiled a little.  "...if you're too scared to sing on television alone, I'll sing with you," he added deviously.  Tony, unlike Steve, was perfectly comfortable performing on live television. The fact that he couldn't actually sing had never deterred him before; Tony just liked the attention.
"You're doing it for your birthday, isn't that right?  Only, what, another six weeks? Oo, so exciting. Are you going on the front lines, so to speak, Steve?  Dish! Sorry, I'm a little drunk. Talking to Donner... he
"No, Steve.  I'm fine. Thanks for walking me up," said Tony, who had let Steve literally tuck him in.  Steve was still fussing around with the pillows. "Go for your run. Just wake me up an hour before it's time to leave, so I can grab a shower and clean up my face, okay?"
Tony's tongue was hot and intruding in his mouth. Steve whimpered as Tony kissed him and licked into his mouth. He was willing and pliant, just like he should be. The growl the Alpha let out trembled over Steve's skin and the omega moaned in response.
Tony knew pair-bonds went through a "honeymoon" phase when they were almost inseparable (and unbearable to nearly everyone else).  This must be what that felt like.  Just looking at Steve flooded Tony with affection.
"Are you sure they won't let me call it badassium?  I thought it was typical to name an element after its creator."
Steve braced a hand against the Winter Soldier's chest and felt his heart beat. Yes. He had too Tony would kill him, or vise versa. And SHIELD was riddled with HYDRA; they had at least one mole with Level Seven clearance.  Jasper Sitwell. Bucky would never be safe.
"I take my coffee black!" the girl yelled after them; Karpov waved to indicate he'd heard her.  She looked back to the soldier. "Are they going to feed you, too?"
Steve has told him there was no other Alpha; Tony remembered it fuzzily from his party.  But Steve had lied about everything else.  Maybe he was with Natasha. Tony had been stupid to trust him.  Stupid to care.
"HEY!" shouted Tony, panic rising in him.  But the monitors had already gone dark and Steve was no longer panicking.  He was just... sitting there.  "What's wrong?  Is he okay?  What's going on?" demanded Tony frantically.  He remembered how Steve had told him that it had taken hours for the plane to go under, how his drowning had been slow and cold and painful.  Tony's heart was throbbing; he wanted to go to his omega; he was panicking because he knew the last memory in the world Steve would want to relive was that one--
"--they must still be in the stairwell. I can't see them exiting at any point. Chances of the Winter Soldier getting hostile with us?"
"...is it in your room?" he asked, offering Steve his hand, giving Steve the opportunity to lead the way.  Steve's room, his studio, was the only place in the house that Tony shied away from. It was a sacred space and Tony understood a person's need for privacy.  His shop was like that. He'd only ever been in there with Steve, under his supervision. Ditto for the sketchbooks. Tony suspected there were, perhaps, some things in there that Steve didn't want him to see.  Maybe pictures of war, or, worse, Bucky. In any case, Tony wasn't artistically inclined and therefore didn't really care. Tony's snooping usually only involved the digital world.
he trembled. Steve nuzzled against the side of his neck, panting against the skin there, his teeth grazing skin softly. He wanted to be good for him, good for his Alpha. Steve rocked his hips down, inviting him in, his thighs quivering a little at the intrusion. "Bucky," he choked out, voice broken. "Please."
all day, even after five drinks.  "...hope to hell he meets us there.  I don't wanna steal the guy's thunder, talk about accessible suppressants and public safe spaces with Ellis all by myself."
There was a mirror against one wall, but Steve was too short to see himself in it so he couldn't really check himself. He wondered how he got here.  Had he been drinking?  He had no headache. Bucky would be so mad at him for disappearing like that.
The bartender set another drink in front of Tony, which he took happily.  Another bartender had come over with her.
Tony flopped into a pool chair, peeling off his shirt and lying there in just his boxers, watching Steve glide through the crystal water like a dolphin.  Tony set the bottle and carton by the side of the chair and flipped open the pamphlet, bored. What the hell was he supposed to say?
to make this about status and all I can really do is keeping saying sorry. This entire debacle was about status and relationships so I don't really have anything to say that isn't about... that."
"...you're not crazy about that idea," said Tony slowly.  He rocked back on his heels. "...Steve... I wouldn't be a good dad.  My old man, he fucked me up, and imagine what I'd do to a kid. Besides, I'm already in my forties..."  Tony was making excuses now. His own father had been even older when he'd had Tony. Tony backtracked. "...I don't think my lifestyle would be... conducive... I mean... I wouldn't want... I wouldn't want a kid who would turn out like me," he finished, looking away.
Tony considered this.  Steve's sketchbook was like his own personal Bible.  Steve had carried it with him through the war and Tony wasn't even allowed to look in it without Steve supervising; he'd never seen the entirety of its contents.
"Well, I did design, build, test, and personally give the sales pitch for the Ambassador IV, and now civilians are dead because of me, so... yeah, I think feeling a lot of guilt is pretty normal, given the circumstances," said Tony, lathering up his hair.
Their afternoon sight-seeing was cut short by the meeting with Peter Wisdom.  He was a well-dressed man with dark hair who spoke in a clipped British accent.  Tony found him immediately likeable. They chatted about politics over a late lunch in a posh restaurant across the street from MI-13 headquarters.
Steve set down his empty glass and then turned into Tony's touch, head tilting into a ferocious kiss as his hands thread into his Alpha's hair.
Tiberius shook his head but offered a polite smile in return. "I'm sure you can understand how busy new year can be; if I might just have a word with Steve before I head off?"
"Earlier morning," said DeSoto.  "They hang out in the hospitality suite all day.  It helps, you know, the Alphas aren't allowed to talk to them, but they let the omegas talk to them and then we can tell our Alphas if they're worth buy-- if they should bid.  You know, if they seem good and we get along and everything."
"They're cheap flowers.  Also, they're responsible for a massive economic crash in Holland in 1637," said Tony.  It was the first time she'd managed to unsettle him and unease was coiling in his stomach, because now he was thinking about Bucky and about the way he and Steve had sat on the couch together, nuzzling each other intimately, Bucky being so gentle as he tilted Steve's head to expose his neck.
"I can always make time for Clint," Phil said. "But yes. Have a think, and I'll... have a think too.  Let's not do anything too rash."
When the fight was finally over Steve let out a sigh of relief, eyes on Tony and not on the attacker as the man was pulled away. He was vaguely aware of Pepper telling Happy to bring the car around. But Steve just had his eyes on Tony. The man looked strangely isolated out there on the racetrack, as his adversary was being dragged away, as Tony stared down at the makeshift arc reactor in his hands. Something ached in Steve's chest. He still felt hot and strangely shivery, but he pushed it away.
that would be fantastic," said Pepper politely, somehow managing to inject just the right amount of venom into her voice.
Suddenly the gauntlet on the other side of the room lit up and shot over to him; it smashed into his stomach, forty pounds of metal, and slammed him against the wall.  He dropped with a whine, grabbing his ribs.  "Fuck!" he repeated, this time with excitement.
"Sure, he's a regular customer.  He works with omegas and buys a lot of cheap temporary collars.  Nice fellow."
Eventually he stilled, his body satisfied.  For now. Steve slumped down against the sofa. "Mmph. It doesn't work as well like this," he mumbled and rolled them over so Tony was on top of him and he was in the blankets. Because Steve was taller it was uncomfortable for him to slot against Tony easily when the alpha was inside of him too.
"Hey," Steve greeted softly when he saw Tony stir beside him. "Yeah. We're here. We don't have to go in straight away though, I'll just send Nat a text to set things up, okay?" He reached over to tuck a loose strand of hair behind Tony's left ear gently, a tender look in his eyes. He sent the text off quickly and then fixed his attention on Tony who was becoming increasingly worked up. Steve frowned a little.
"What's that supposed to do?" asked Clint, glaring at Tony.  No one was being especially warm to him but he didn't seem to either notice or care.
"Okay... okay, no, I feel better... oh, my God, I don't think I ever drank that much... I threw up way more than went in... okay... I'm good now... I'll read the report, Steve, okay, but... but if you can hurry up and text it to me... email it, I mean... just send it... I... I have a big night planned, I'm gonna donate it.  My badassium.  I wanna donate it to--"
The sun on the deck was warm even if the actual temperature outside wasn't. His hair now dry, Steve dropped the towel from around his shoulders over the backs of one of the deckchairs. It felt good to get away. He was glad they were here.  Of course he was, but it was a little overwhelming all the same.
"Oi." Clint had been waiting outside of the shower for Steve; he threw his dried clothes at him. Steve was leaning against the bathroom doorway with a towel around his waist, replying to a text Peggy had sent him. Her texts were more like paragraphs. It always took him a while to reply. And he was obviously absorbed in the conversation because he didn't look up until his t-shirt was thrown over his head.
The adults let Cooper lead them up the stairs.  The walls were lined with family portraits. Clint and Laura, then Clint, Laura, and Natasha.  Then a bulge, then a baby, then Cooper, then another bulge... the photos lining the hall beside the stairs was like watching a fast-forward version of Clint's life blooming in front of Steve's eyes.  Natasha was in every single one, except for the very first few.
"So that was the surprise," said Tony, emerging into the kitchen.  "Your grand debut as the omega man?  ...I canceled on Pepper.  I wanna spend the day with you, watching this historic mess unfold.  People are gonna be going nuts.  Everyone always assumed Captain America was an Alpha."  Tony paused.  "I did," he added.  He didn't add he'd had a poster of Captain America over his bed for years and considered Captain America to be an excellent role model for a strong, dominant Alpha.
He debated whether he should call Pepper.  She would know what to do.  This was way too much info to process on his own and he was already a couple of drinks in.
He shrugged, looking bored.  They'd been having a hell of the time containing the twins.  Pietro kept darting through doors after people, and Wanda had been using the personnel as puppets.  Two electricians had already quit.
Outside, Tony and Steve were cuddled up on a lounge chair by the pool.  Tony looked down at Steve.  In order to be held, Steve had to curl up a little, and Tony had to stretch, but they managed.  Steve's eyes were on the barely-visible outline of Tony's arc reactor. Tony's gaze followed his.
He turned the question over in his head, wondering why Steve had asked.  The conclusion he came to was an upsetting one. Steve was comparing him and Bucky.  Bucky had bonded Steve when he was small, had for some reason wanted him. Tony didn't know what Bucky's motivations were.  By any standards, but especially by 1930's standards, Steve was a fairly useless omega, pre-serum. He would have been a lot of work, always sick, unable to keep the house or bear children.  In bonding him, Bucky had made a commitment to a certain lifestyle. Tony sort of hated him for that.
Steve stood up in an instant, senses alert. He stared around. There was nothing. The sun had already sunk down low and it was dark out. Even with his super vision it was hard to see. Steve's hands twitched by his sides. Was someone really talking? Or was he just… hearing things?
Steve moved to sit down, the omegas all sitting down around him. The few around the edges who hadn't been listening got distracted and turned when the rest of their autionees moved to sit cross-legged around Steve. Even Twelve, who'd been talking to another omega, pulled in closer so she could listen. They really were like children, excitable and curious. It was hardly surprising that they were more interest in an omega war hero with stories to tell than conversations about settling down. They were so young, after all.
Tony threw back the rest of his drink.  He was unused to making Captainesque speeches, or to being serious for more than a few minutes at a time, so he added, "I mean, obviously, if you wanna kneel and wear a collar in the bedroom, be my guest, that's hot as hell, but y'know, don't kneel 'cause anyone tells you to."
He wouldn't give anything else away as they headed down to the garage. They took the usual car, Steve in the driver's seat as he knew where they were going. It was nice to drive out of their house and have no protesters hanging around for a change. "You wanna put some music on?" he suggested, knowing a lot of unanswered questions hung in there that Steve had no intention of answering. He wanted to surprise Tony. He didn't make the effort to enough.
"Just... just put 'em on the floor, we'll sort through them later," said Tony, his hand snaking out to touch Steve's thigh lightly.  He looked over at Steve, who was absorbed in a letter.  "What's it say?  ...what's the charity, Steve?"
More HYDRA agents appeared just as the three SHIELD agents rolled onto the ground, tearing toward the curb and tumbling into Kate's car, or maybe Fury's, or maybe just SHIELD's.  Steve didn't know, or care.  Kate chucked a pair of keys to Fury; Fury chucked a handgun at Steve as he started the engine and slammed on the gas. Steve closed one eye and focused, pushing away the pain before he fired, aiming out the window.
Pietro walked over, knocked on the door, and then let himself in.  Wanda was soaking luxuriously in a bath filled to the brim with bubbles, submerged up to her shoulders, her hair fanned out around her.  She opened her eyes and looked up at Pietro. Immediately she could tell something was wrong.
"Yeah, it's shitty.  But they normally only make you do it once," said Natasha.  "And it's not real."
even actually age.  The doctor who he'd seen last had probably been joking when he told Steve he might be immortal, but Steve had not found it funny.  That was a chilling thought. Living forever sounded very lonely. Steve had outlived all his friends once and was not keen to ever repeat the experience. But he knew he would at least one more time.
Steve was sitting with his back against the bath tub.  He'd peed on the weird stick thing (and a little bit on his hand. Ew.) and was waiting impatiently for the thing to give him an answer. But it took ten whole minutes for a result to be displayed. His mind was racing at a hundred miles per hour with fifty different possibilities rushing through his head.
Frond and some of the Alphas at that convention were.  He hated that he was human and that he was Alpha and that he had instincts and desires that he couldn't turn off.
going to fight!" he snapped.  He gave Steve a shove, but Steve didn't budge; he was as solid as a brick wall.  "Steve, Pepper, get the hell out of here, get everyone out, now, it's too dangerous, go!"
"Although... if they do walk out, everyone will know it was me. So we should probably get out of there too," Steve pointed out. "We don't want a room of angry Alphas on our asses."
care. He rocked back against Tony, blue eyes dark. "Tony," he said, voice sugar-sweet. "Please? Can I...?"
"Yes, well, considering he underwent nearly five years of experimental chemical treatments and an arvicolinectomy, I don't doubt it."
Tony stared down at the phone.  His hands were shaking. He didn't know how to react or what to feel anymore.  This was all too complicated. And Steve was giving him nothing.
"As long as he treats you okay, that's all that matters. I bet his house is pretty sweet though, right?"
thought Tony.  He bet the Barnes brats were behind this whole Winter Soldier thing.  Of course HYDRA would recruit them; if they smelled at
"You won't hurt me Tony," Steve assured him, running some fingers down his cheek. "I know it won't be the same...but I think it's almost more important than it was before. That might sound stupid but-- it feels more significant now somehow.  He smiled sadly. "I can't have a flashback to something I don't remember, Tony," he murmured and looked away for a moment, sadness briefly crossing his features before he seemed to push it away.
"You're not being weak, Tony," Steve sighed and reached up to nudge the hair out of Tony's eyes with his fingertips. "You're just human. And no one can fault you for that."
Steve leaned into Tony's touch automatically, his eyes slowly slipping shut. He sighed softly and hummed, turning to look at Tony. He looked stressed, concerned. Maybe Steve should tell him, but he didn't know how without freaking him the hell out.
"Tony's a pretty reclusive guy... and we're love to hear your take on him," said the reporter, smile broadening.  "He's a bit of a different sort of Alpha, isn't he? Wore a collar to the conference, knelt for you on your anniversary... how does all that make you feel?  He seems happy to let you take the lead... is that accurate?"
," he begged. And Steve Rogers didn't usually beg. It seemed Tony was a lot of exceptions, all at once.
His accent was vaguely Eastern European, maybe, but he couldn't recognize it.  He felt guilty for listening to the man's conversation on the phone so he picked up the magazine and pretending to be interested in it, even though he wasn't reading anything in particular.
He pushed his coffee over to Tony for him to have. After all, Steve couldn't get the caffeine rush. He just drank it for the taste, mostly.
"Oh, give me a break.  Dad wasn't some civil rights messiah.  You think he thought omegas were equals?  Take a look at the board of Stark Industries.  Alphas and betas...  not a single goddamn omega.  Not one.  His business partner, Stane?  Alpha.  My mom?  Beta.  His military pals, drinking buddies?  All Alphas, baby.  Dad paid lip service to you and you lapped it up because, let's face it, the guy was a good looking son of a bitch.  But he had like, one or two omegas in his life, tops.  He cared as much about you as he did about me." Tony reached up to rub the scars around the reactor again.  The injections had taken away some of the stiffness in his neck and the rash was noticeably better, but it still hurt.
"Excuse me." Jarvis clipped and he was walking over to the telephone, the moment suddenly over. Steve's heart was in his throat.
They plopped him down by the fire and began wiping his face off, and someone handed him a pipe.  He took a long drag and coughed.  It wasn't tobacco.
"Love you," he said dreamily, in a sing-song voice, beginning to thrust into Steve's willing form.  He loved how Steve could simultaneously go limp beneath him and also have every muscle tense up.
Tony's words washed over him like water. They made him feel cool all over, grounded and centered. His touch felt as light as air as his fingertips glided over Steve's skin, making him shiver.
"She would like me to remind you that if you spend the morning corrupting Steve, you will be late for--"
They stumbled up the stairs to bed by night time. Steve spotted a group of people in the upper living room, the flash of Pepper's bright hair amongst them, as they passed but they didn't stop to say hi. Him and Tony were exhausted. Steve felt like there was an ache in his bones and a tug in his belly with every step. The heat was almost over. He could feel it.
Tony lovingly unwrapped Steve's trembling, gleaming body, his fingers trailing over the skin.  "Good omega... sweet omega..." he murmured. This was nothing like the frustration of Monaco. Steve was here with him.  Tony was panting a little with anticipation but he felt no need to show off. There were no other Alphas, no competition.  It was just the two of them.
He stepped up to the desk.  It was manned by a woman who was also an Alpha.  She took one look at Tony and Steve and immediately Tony sensed her hackles rising.
A pause.  Tony knew nothing about Steve.  They barely knew each other.  Their bond had formed rapidly, unexpectedly.  He was glad to have it, but... where the hell to even start?  Steve had grown up in another era; he might as well be from another planet.
"--which is why I recommend a simpler approach.  Once dominance is established, less is more; severe discipline will generally undermine your own security.  Besides which, it loses efficacy over time. Think of it as a painkiller. To be used when necessary, but only then.  If you find yourself having to punish an omega more often than you're rewarding them, you've clearly got a discipline problem, and you can hardly blame the omega for that.  That's on you. You're the Alpha, you're in charge," Frond was saying calmly from the front of the room.
"We took 'em off," said Tony as Steve pushed him.  He wrapped his arms around Steve, wriggling against him, the two of them rolling around in the bed playfully.  "They're all over the floor. Pepper and Aria are gonna be furious." He leaned down to kiss Steve's chest, his lips brushing over a nipple.  He gave Steve's skin a little nip and Steve jerked reflexively; Tony grinned.
"Right," Gleason cleared his throat. He watched Phil making tactical piles of cushions. "Is he hurt?"
Dr. Brennan pulled the tape recorder out of her purse and set it on the bed.  Tony mumbled something about multi-meters in his sleep.
He obeyed, spitting the stuff into a trashcan.  They were backstage, next to a folding table that had been set up and was slowly but surely buckling over a bunch of camera equipment that had been set up on it.
With a small thrill he realized he and Steve would be alone for the first time since Steve had revealed his identity.  But he quickly suppressed his excitement.  Steve was on a job and didn't want him, and besides, there was nothing sexy about the idea of looking through his father's old notebooks and newsreels.  Tony punched the code into the shop and held open the thick, bulletproof glass door open for Steve, who was carrying the boxes, his muscles bulging attractively as he lifted the heavy materials.  Tony eyed them when Steve wasn't looking.  Just because Steve had betrayed him didn't mean he couldn't still at least check him out once in awhile.
"Nat maybe thinks that the bond didn't go away. But that perhaps Zola screwing with Bucky affected our bond or his ability to feel and that's why I
Tony scowled.  Surely it wasn't healthy to have this much estrogen in one room.  In between the women and the omegas, he was pretty sure they were mere minutes away from watching
Actually, that was probably why Tony kept her around.  Most of his regular staff was people who acted somewhat immune to the glamor of his life, while still being on-call 24/7 for whatever whim he needed fulfilled.
Steve's sketchbook had a few drawings of Tony in it, that was all. Tony's collar was still up there along with their clothes. Their phones were locked with Stark-level security. There was no way they were getting into either of them.
sus Christ!" he said.  He looked like he was about fifteen and his smell was neutral, beta-like.  He had dark brown hair that flopped into his eyes and he sat up against his pillow in his blue hospital gown, looking alarmed at Steve's presence.  "...MELINDA?" he hollered.
He stared at Karpov, uncomprehending.  The words that came out of his mouth next were utter nonsense and he had no idea why he said them: "Howling Commandos."
"я готов выполнить," said the soldier, blinking.  He looked around, as if not sure where he was. "...полковник Карпов?" he called, tentatively, like a child searching a crowd for its mother.  "...сэр? ...сэр?" He pressed against the glass, searching for Karpov, clearly a little lost.
"So do we just... stay down here?" asked Tiberius, who was watching with concern as a half-conscious Tony tried to wiggle across to Steve. Steve, having taken three whole doses, was essentially gone. His head moved occasionally but he didn't speak, or at least no noise that came out of him was a recognisable word. Feeling pitying, Tiberius went to grab cushions from one of the sofas. He shoved them under Tony and Steve's head. If they noticed, they didn't react.
She waved Steve down when he tried to get up to help and poured them all cups of tea, putting two whole cubes into Steve's cup with an eye roll.
"Alrighty.  I set the computer up for ten minutes, half of what SHIELD will  give him.  But remember, it might feel like longer in there.  The mind works in funny ways.  If I see anything weird going on with his heart, I'll pull you both out right away, alright?"
Tony had never gotten that from the movie.  He related strongly to the other Tony and, as such, had spent a large portion of the 90s doing cocaine, which Obadiah had turned a blind eye to because for every coke orgy scandal, Tony made them hundreds of millions of dollars.  He churned out the entire Stark "Delegate" missile line in less than a year and the company had reported its first annual profit of over a billion the following year.
He was banking on her having it, on someone having something, some weapon; his prayers were answered when, a moment later, she was pitching a disc at him.  And while it wasn't quite the same as
"There you go... match my breaths..." murmur Tony.  This was what Pepper had done when he'd gotten back from Afghanistan.  He'd slept weird hours, and fallen asleep in weird places.  His bed had been too soft and he'd tended to curl up into small areas, closets or under the cars in the garage.  He'd wake with a scream lingering in his throat, Pepper's sea-green eyes peering at him, and this is how she'd extracted him and brought him back.  "Listen to my breathing, Steve... breathe with me... one... and two... in... and out..."
"You lost it in a fall," Steve whispered. "In the snow. I'm sorry Buck. I tried to catch you but I didn't. Watching you fall is the hardest thing I've ever experienced."
"Yes, absolutely, we always have been; I'm not just saying that because he's my omega," said Tony casually.
Steve was a man of action; he wasn't good at the long game. He didn't want to wait. He wanted to make it up to Tony
"Don't flatter yourself, Rhodey, you're not my type," said Tony, giving his arm a friendly punch; Rhodes punched him back with a small smile.
"You don't always have to be," Steve pointed out quietly, suddenly seeing the mask Tony was putting up. The way his smile didn't quite meet his eyes. Something tugged in Steve's gut. Every time he thought he had Tony pegged, he suddenly didn't anymore. "Figured you didn't just want cucumber and kale," Steve pointed out but then Happy was driving them up the racetrack entrance. More press outside, wonderful. Steve stepped out of the car after Tony, cameras flashing and he was suddenly hyper-aware of the case attached to his hand by cuffs. A bad feeling settled in his gut, something rotten.
"No thank you," Steve whispered, shaking his head slowly when he was offered the cigarettes. His knees were drawn up against his chest tightly, his hands resting atop of them. He was curled in on himself and his stance was evidently defensive. Steve was ready if Bucky struck out again.
Malick looked disarmed yet again.  Clearly, word hadn't gotten around to him about Tony's alcohol tolerance.  "I'll stick with coffee, thanks," he said. "And something light for the omega.  Maybe a white--"
At least his mark was still partially visible; at least he still had some small claim to Steve.  Bucky's mark was bigger and deeper but Tony's was still there, at least.
Karpov was wearing a long-sleeved shirt and he was envious because he was only in an undershirt and his right arm was cold.  One of the men was in a nice suit, and the other two in military uniforms. Their strides were long, purposeful.
There was the newest suit to be built, and there was SHIELD... he had the same battery of tests to face as Steve (something he wasn't looking forward to), and he wanted to hack into their database and see what dirty little secrets they were hiding.  Tony had done enough business with the government to know that you couldn't trust it.  Also he needed to start planning and preparing for Steve's birthday.  What the hell did you do for a guy who was simultaneously turning 93 and 27?
The drive to the Expo itself was very short; Steve pressed himself against the window, excited to be close to Brooklyn, but they only got to see highway before they were taking an exit pointing to Flushing Meadows.
"Donner, have you thought about going back to your old name?" asked Tony.  "The whole reindeer thing is weird. Also wasn't there like, a bunch of famous cannibals--"
Steve was just starting up the car when Bucky stroked at his neck and suddenly his entire body felt like it was on fire. His eyes widened and he paused, hands frozen on the steering wheel. Bucky had probably touched him a thousand times there before but this time it felt different. It was mark he'd left that Steve didn't even remember happening. He thought about the way Tony touched him there. Bucky's fingers traced over his own scar. Steve trembled.
Peggy put away the albums, closing the cover on Bucky's goofy smile, and they spent the rest of the evening chatting.  Peggy wanted to know all about what Tony had been up to. She and Steve reminisced about the past. It was strange, her role: to Tony she was a parental figure and to Steve, a peer.  Tony unbuttoned his shirt to show her his chest.
Downstairs, Tony was dutifully nursing his whiskey.  Pepper watched him.  When Tony didn't say anything Pepper finally broke the tension. "How...how do you feel about it?" she asked quietly. "How does Steve feel about it?"
Bucky had a lot of complex thoughts and he was having difficulty sifting them into anything resembling a coherent thought.  He knew that he didn't want to go on a killing rampage and he also knew he didn't want Steve to be in an unsafe place.
.  He'd had a dream he was a kid playing with another kid, having a snowball fight.  It had been pleasant... unusually wholesome. Kinda cute.
"Yes, I was just telling Sean-- I haven't seen him since last year's conference-- we got bonded in June, so we're coming up on one year.  How 'bout that, Piper?"
"...I love Boswell," he began.  His voice was hard and determined.  "I... I love Boswell with all my heart.  And I always will. Boz was my best friend and my mate and--"  His voice cracked a little. He paused. "--and I love him," he repeated, then took a deep breath and looked down at the paper in his hand.  "I-- I met Boswell in 1982, when I was seventeen years old. He bought me for eighteen thousand dollars, which back then was the price of maybe two luxury cars."
"Stay safe, Steve.  Get well soon, okay?" With that she hung up and Steve glanced up to see Tony in the doorway with a tray in his hands. He smiled weakly when he recognized the smell.
Tony opened an eye to find Steve sitting on the bed drawing him.  Tony knew Steve drew his portrait a lot, most often when he wasn't paying attention, but still found it occasionally disconcerting.  "Hey," he mumbled.
"Cool, thanks!"  Tony turned, tripped over the wire railing, and fell off her balcony.  She rushed over to see if he was okay; he'd already caught himself and was hovering outside a window.  He rapped with his knuckles.
Pepper had long since learned to channel her anger and annoyance toward Tony into production.  Really, it was the only way to deal with him. She went to the bedroom first, to try to clean up some of the mess there.  Not strictly her job, but Tony always gave the entire house staff the last week of December and the second week of March off so he could be alone.  She wasn't going to let a puddle of vomit sit around for a week, and she didn't expect anyone else to deal with it.
The board was going to hate him.  It was ten o’clock already and Tony knew how awful the board was to deal with at the end of the week; a last-minute delay or cancellation would send them into a frenzy.  Maybe that was why he was avoiding the meeting.  Or maybe he just wanted a little payback for yesterday.
"I don't know, Tony.  Just keep biting him there and you won't have to worry about it," said Clint, the faintest hint of amusement in his voice.
"What did you do?" Steve asked and stood, walking over to check Tony's eyes. He looked suitably less out of it than before, at least. Steve sighed fondly and turned back to Aria. She'd already put out her cigarette.
“What do you think they’re talking about in there?” asked Tony suspiciously, looking toward the direction of the living room.  “What a crap Alpha I am?”
A moment later the doctor stepped into the room, gingerly closing the door behind him.  He didn't need to say what had happened; Banksy felt it. But he stood by respectfully, clearly prepared to do the grim job of reassuring Banksy that they had done everything they could, given him every chance, and that at the end, he had been comfortable.
He could still remember Schmidt's fingers squeezing around his neck as he hoisted Steve into the air and threw him across the room. He could remember all the foul things that man called him.
Kitty hummed. "That makes sense. A lot of our clients find metal more uncomfortable, even with an inner padding."
"Soldier.  Your mission is to stay alive, understand?  You're too valuable to us to fight anymore and you are weak right now.  Your objective is to protect yourself, and to protect the girl," directed Karpov.
Tony looked up at Steve.  He was holding a box. Tony stared at it curiously.  His heart hurt, from anxious and love and probably three other emotions Tony didn't have a name for.
"Mmmm... good..." murmured Tony against him, letting his lips brush over Steve's skin when he spoke.  "Good boy... so tasty... so well-behaved..." He pressed his tongue against Steve and dragged it up firmly.  Steve shook.
Tony scanned the room one last time to see if Pitbull had come in yet.  He hadn't. Tony sighed a little.
"I'm arousing you, aren't I?" demanded Tony, pushing the heel of his hand into the muscles of Steve's back.  "You
Tony took his card, leaving an ample tip, and walked with Steve outside.  It was even colder. Tony hunched his shoulders and shoved his free hand into his pocket, still holding Steve's in the other.
People sort of seemed to be enjoying themselves. Banksy was positively hyper and Donner hung on his every word. Boswell seemed content by himself. Rhodey was finishing pouring out drinks and half stuttered an apology when he accidentally elbowed Sam as he was offering Pepper a glass. Sam laughed, clearly amused at how he pushed the Alpha just outside of his comfort zone.
Jasper smiled a little.  "He sure can sing," he agreed.  "...I'm glad you two have been able to work through all this, what with Steve having another mate."
By the time they got to the house, Steve's hair was soaking wet and Tony was literally shaking with pent-up energy.
Tony smiled at Steve when he put on the sunglasses and righted himself, treading water, tried to twist off the bottle cap, then, realizing it wasn't twist-off, made an annoyed little scoff.
"Fuck!" Tony banked a hard left to avoid slamming into one of the monorail's support beams.  He was flying too low and too fast but he couldn't go up or he'd be wide open.  "I can't believe you were in business with Hammer, Rhodey, can't even fuckin' believe it--"
Steve remembered the party vividly. It had been insanely intimidating. Even since waking up he'd never been exposed to anything like it. He must have called taxis for over ten different girls that night, cleaned up far too much sick and caught way too many people snorting lines of coke in the bathrooms.. .God, it had been exhausting. He remembered Tony being in pieces- and then finding out why; Steve's heart was in his throat when Tony had told him he was dying.
"Fuuck..." Steve whispered; he slumped against a wall, his vision going hazy.  He watched blearily as Tony's suit ot hit, went flying, and then slammed into the HYDRA agent.  Who was he?  A senior agent?  A colonel or general?  A lead scientist?  He looked important; he wore important clothes, but Steve couldn't concentrate.  If asked to describe him Steve couldn't, except that he was an Alpha; Steve's brain had been hijacked and all he could think of was Alphas.
Phil looked over at Steve with a sad look.  "I'll need photos of your neck, Captain. I'm sorry.  ...does... do you consent to having your mate sedated?  He seems..." Phil didn't say feral, God bless him. "...a little worked up."
Banksy slid up behind Steve and leaned in to murmur to him.  "Why don't you take your Alpha outside to calm down? We should just keep them separate... they're going to keep setting each other off, you know how Aces are."
"...Dad liked war," said Tony, watching Steve stare at the photo.  "I don't mean he wasn't aware of how awful it is.  But you gotta understand... he was rich, and he wasn't really affected by things like war rationing or the draft.  To him, it was like... like an extreme sport or something.  He loved being a pilot, he loved building weapons.  He built weapons because he liked winning and I guess he wanted to keep people safe, or at least, that's what he said.  ...one of the first songs I learned on the guitar was
He stooped down and grabbed one of the guard's guns, checking the magazine before tucking it into his waistband and looting the other two.  He waited for orders.
feel more relaxed, and it had been interesting to find out just how flexible he really was. When he'd managed to get both of his feet behind the back of his head Aria had just rolled her eyes at him fondly.  He couldn't, however, touch his elbows together; the muscles in his arms prevented that.  Aria had laughed.
Tony sighed softly.  What Steve was saying was true, but the guilt was eating him alive.  Steve had found a way to make the arc reactor beautiful, but that was, at least in part, because it was installed in a wall and surrounded by geometric pen marks, not embedded in a human chest and surrounded by scars.
Pietro sighed, dragging a hand over his face.  "Please, just let me think of something. I don't want him to go back to that Karpov man.  You know if we leave he'll end up looking for him. And with his training, he'll probably find him."
Tony looked over at Steve in alarm.  Were they supposed to just... run over and shoot everyone in the head?  These guys looked pretty harmless but if they were, Fury wouldn't have asked Captain America to intervene.  They must be armed. Or perhaps even mutants, though at a glance they all looked perfectly normal.
Tony pressed against the window, practically climbing into Steve's lap.  "...look! McDonald's is serving Shamrock Shakes! Happy! Happy, pull in here, I need one..."
"Steve?  Do you understand that you're going to be taking some levonorgestrel and that that it can cause cramping and dizziness?  I want you to call me if you're having trouble with the side effects," said Gleason.
Pepper stared at it in alarm.  "It's always been his favorite prime number.  Tony! Tony, did you change the code? What's the new code?  Tony! Tony, look at me!"
Before he could be asked anymore awkward questions Tracy started chanting 'chug, chug!' And everyone else joined in too. Soon enough Steve had emptied the bottle like all that was in it was water.
Steve had heard about this being done before but he'd never expected it, or at least, never felt owed it. But it felt
"Beats me.  Guess we'll find out," said Tony with a shrugged, idly rocking against Steve.  Steve was squirming back against him. "So... so... if I... got one for you... you'd wear it?  Just for me?" He tried not to sound too desperate.
.  How the hell isn't a HYDRA base a high-risk mission?  Huh? You have my support, you know that. I totally believe in you and I'm totally behind you, but
"...actually, you know, you go on ahead- I just remembered have a lot of work to do, I kinda trashed my house recently.  And I should take the suit back home.  Yeah, I have a lot of stuff to do, actually.  And, you know.  Iron Man stuff," said Tony, concentrating a little too hard on rooting around under the sink.  "...I talked to Pepper and she was spitting mad, I think she's gonna unhinge her jaw and eat me next time I see her... I should swing by her office, bring her a peace offering... also I have no idea what the number is for my contractors but my house is seriously like missing walls... y'know what's weird? This isn't even the craziest birthday I've ever had, ha ha..."
Steve was seated on the edge of the bed, his head in his hands. His shoulders were shaking a little. He lifted his head up and steepled his hands beneath his chin, his eyes watering a little, but he wasn't crying. He stared at the wall straight ahead and didn't look at Phil when he came in.
it. And he could feel it again now. "Please don't joke about being a squirrel." He laughed gently. "It'll make me think of that weird furry thing Clint showed me..."
Steve accepted the sandwich when it was offered and chewed at it slowly. It was weird not having an appetite; Steve was usually always hungry. The pickle was sweet yet sharp, like the kind his mother used to make. He liked it.
President Ellis laughed a little awkwardly.  "Now, I thought this was supposed to be a friendly little get-together to celebrate a new bond.  No politics, please, it disagrees with me."
A pause.  Tony realized abruptly that Steve had no idea what Pokémon were.  He was too tired to explain the reference, though.
Embarrassed, Pepper looked over toward Phil's elaborate nest.  His face was poking out the entrance and he was watching Tony with undisguised interest and hunger.
like sex."  He didn't like the way Steve was eyeing him.  Aggressively, dominantly... like another Alpha.  He spared Phil a glance. "I'm down for a threesome if you are."
" said Aria, gesturing grandly with her cigarette.  "We can't just have you talking about sex all the time right away, we have to ease into that.  Giving an interview in pre-heat is already frankly very provocative. I
"Lift your hips," commanded Tony, hitching Steve's hips a little higher up on his shoulders.  He'd done this hundreds of times with women but it was rather different with Steve.
One of the other flight attendants walked past, in her pencil skirt and heels.  Steve blinked, rubbing his face in confusion.  The dream had felt so real.  And the plane was so... so comfortably and elegant and different.  He felt disoriented.
"...while everyone is talking about omega rights and safe spaces," he was saying, "you've got Alphas, good kids, whose lives are being ruined by these omegas who waltz in pre- or post-heat, drive them up the wall, make them do things they regret--"
"War sucks and it's stupid and no one really wants to kill each other," Steve said, sipping at the syrup.
Tony nodded back.  Okay.  That didn't seem so bad.  And besides, Tony should be familiarizing himself with the simulation, what to expect for his own evaluation next week.
"You know--" Aria took a drag from her cigarette. They could smoke in the suite, but not in the hallways. She leaned back in her seat. "With therapy."
"You're avoiding the question.  Can female Alphas get knocked up?  Can you knock up male Alphas?  Can you guys have kids?  Dish."
Steve woke up before he hit the water and sat up straight immediately. His vision span for a moment but then he rubbed a hand over his face and collected himself. Tony was knocked out in bed beside him. The clock on the bedside table read; 5:34 AM in a soft blue light.  He'd been asleep for over twenty hours.
JARVIS considered, then said, "A small town recently experienced a gas leak causing a mass hallucination that involved some sort of rampaging automaton."
He untangled himself to let Aria serve him a plate of food.  He was starving; he wolfed it down and mumbled a belated greeting to Agent Mackenzie.  "Another agent?  Jesus."
All four of them had looked too young to even go to a bar.  And now Tony was staring at Steve, thinking about how eagerly this idiot had volunteered to go to war, how desperately he'd wanted to be cannon fodder, and how his own father, who was born in the same year as Steve, hadn't had to worry a bit about the draft.
"Great.  Bring me that, then," demanded Tony, pressing his face back into the back of Steve's neck.  Faintly, he could smell blood. He nuzzled the bonding mark and gave it a tender lick of apology, even though he knew he wasn't entirely to blame.  Steve had seen him go into a panic more than a few times. And Steve seemed to understand. Steve had his own demons to fight; he had lost it during the opening sequence of
Piper smiled, a gesture that seemed automatic rather than sincere.  As if she just smiled every time Eric spoke to her. Tony found Piper to be extremely unsettling, both because of her age and because of her weird Stepford-wife vibe.  Also, Tony was feeling a lot more awkward around Eric. Sure, Tony had slept with his fair share of girls younger than him, but Piper was very distinctively a
He clinked his glass against Arcadia's and then downed his drink. The alcohol burned and almost made his eyes water. Still, he would need a lot of these to feel drunk. "Jesus, what did you put in that?" he wheezed.
Tony looked over at the garage.  The peg board with the keys was lying broken on the floor.  Half the cars were wrecked.  "I'd come over," he slurred, "but I messed up my garage doing a thing earlier.  I made a new element.  I'm... I'm naming it after myself, Steve.  I'm naming it... naming it badassium."
Drawn by the explosion, two guards had come to see what the commotion was.   Steve reached down and gripped one of Natasha's knives in his belt. But he didn't get up. He would wait for them to come to him.
Steve set the clothes down on the edge of the bed before he glanced up to see Tony watching him over the top of the pillow. He smiled innocently. "Can I help you?"
Steve cracked open the second room looking grateful that he didn't have to look at Athena anymore; his blush wasn't fading.  The omegas in the second room-- there were two of them-- shrieked and gripped each other. They had identical blue eyes and straight, strawberry-blonde hair that came down to their shoulders.  Aside from one being male and one being female, they were shockingly matched.
Then again, it wasn't like he wasn't being kept satisfied.  The serum had made Steve someone who had energy to spare, and in addition, he'd begun spending the weekends at Camp Pendleton, trying to build up an immunity to heat inducers.  Every Saturday evening he came home reeking like sex and Tony took him in every conceivable position and corner of the house, happy to accommodate Steve's arousal. Steve mentioned he was seeing more of Clint, which Tony took to mean that Project Thor had either petered out or had stabilized.  SHIELD had gotten very, very good at hiding from him; occasionally he tried to break into the system just for fun, but mostly, he was content not to. It wasn't that he trusted them, just that there was no longer very much interest. And maybe, deep down, he was worried about what he'd find. The Winter Soldier, Bucky... it haunted him.  He and Steve didn't talk about it, even though, on occasion, one of them would get a pang of emotion that wasn't from the other, or a dream that was a little too vivid to be only a dream.
"...let me bring you breakfast, okay?  You need to eat something.  You heard the doctor.  You're healthy, you're normal... everything's going to be fine."
Steve undeniably blushed when Tony gestured to his erection. Maybe it was his forties sensibilities...but it didn't matter how many times they did it and in how many positions, Steve would always be at least a little bashful when it came to sex. You didn't talk about it back in the forties, certainly not in public at least. Steve knew he blushed far too easy and he would probably be more embarrassed by it if he didn't know Tony liked it.
"There's actually five restaurants in a ten-mile radius," said Pepper.  "Spruzzo, Coral Beach, Kristy's, Paradise Cove, and The Sunset."
He realized his simulation had tried to tell him. When he'd woken up in the HYDRA facility...something had felt strange in his stomach. His body had been trying to tell him he was pregnant even when he didn't even know it then. If only he'd realized sooner, maybe he would have been more careful, maybe he would have had the choice...
"...so am I!  It's Argentina!  Look, the three blank spots in the middle are the lakes, and this is the bay it shares with Uraguay..." said Tony, pointing.  "...and you've got the Amazon river here, and this is the southern tip.  The ink blot people just filled in a map of Argentina."
He heard the softest of pleased gasps from Steve as his fingers slid over his spine; he shifted a little; the noise got him aroused in an instant.  Steve had said he
," added Dr. Brennan.  "It would, I think, be encouraging to see you rushing into a support group, instead of another conflict."
Steve spread his legs for Tony to settle between, one lightly curling around his back as he moved closer. Steve's blue eyes were dark, lips parting at the teasing kiss. He tilted his head, lips brushing together open-mouthed. There was a hint of a smile. "I love-
Before him was a familiar site.  It was the man from Monaco, Vanko.  But the suit he was wearing was no longer one cobbled together in a basement; it was a terrifying feat of engineering, its contours slick, its design professional; it was not unlike something Tony himself would have built.  At the end of each arm, a wire was curled, an industrial one thicker than a carrot, and it was one of these wires, Steve realized, that was curled tight around his ankle and dragging him across the ground right towards him.
"Don't bother," Steve told the waiter. "We just won't go in. We didn't mean to cause a scene..." Well, that was joke. They'd literally only come to ruffle feathers; gathering info had been a pleasant bonus. And even though people were arguing with Steve, at least they were actually talking to him now. Sort of. It was a nice change.
"Okay. Got get em!" the coordinator told him with a wink, and then Aria pushed him out towards the stage.
lied.  He'd lied on his CV, lied about his credentials, lied about his date of birth... but Tony felt the story he told was better, if not
.  First he was supposed to get Steve out, then he was supposed to fight HYDRA, now they were supposed  to go destroy the archives? Christ on a cracker.
"And for the record, I don't take advantage of drunk people," Steve added softly. He noticed the way Tony was looking at the food. "You don't have to eat it."
"Everything's fine," Steve assured her, his eyes flicking over to Frond warily. Then he saw DeSoto with his black eye. Maybe Steve could teach him to fight during Tony's won 'night'. He looked like he needed it.
. But Alphas didn't notice him, not around Tony, anyway. It didn't matter that he'd fought in the war, served his country, any of that shit. He was just Tony Stark's omegas and he was apparently here to take pictures.
Tony felt the pang of sadness from his omega and he was at his side in an instant, nuzzling into him.  "Yeah, you can have it, it's your orchid," he reassured him, dragging his tongue over Steve's neck. Steve was hot, as if he'd been pressed up against a heater or something.
, to keep up their pseudo-army banter, but couldn't quite bring himself to.  Not to an omega.  If Steve had been a beta, he wouldn't have hesitated.  But he just couldn't and he felt a pang of irritation at himself for that.  Until he'd met Steve, he had ever considered himself prejudiced, not the slightest bit. How wrong he'd been.  Tony was
The people at the meeting had all reassured him that guilt was an overwhelming but non-productive and illogical emotion.  It was normal to feel but he shouldn't let it eat away at him since he couldn't have prevented it.
"Actually, it might be better to raise it with our values instead of trying to program it.  You saw how quickly the Maximoff girl got into the asset's head. Karpov said he'd wiped him completely, but--"
Steve could feel Tony's own confusion too, a twisted sensation in his chest that almost made it hard to breathe.
unless their Alpha prompts them to. And they certainly don't ask me questions like you're all doing now. An Alpha, or any relationship, is supposed to make
"I just want water and..." Steve tilted his head back with a soft sigh. "I want... Ludivco Einaudi; can you put him on? I like him."
The moment Tony was off the plane and in fresh air, it was like a spell had been lifted.  He breathed deeply, hoping they wouldn't have to talk about this.  He stared out the window of the car, silently commanding Pepper not to bring it up.
"...what'd you want?" asked Tony sourly.  He was sitting cross-legged on the couch in his boxers, playing Grand Theft Auto on the Playstation.  Rhodey watched the car onscreen tearing around. Tony had let his facial hair go and he was wearing glasses instead of contacts.
Tony stiffened and his skin prickled when Steve kissed the arc reactor.  His knee-jerk response was to scramble away; his breath hitched a little and he barely managed to keep from shoving Steve off him.
"Eh... I'll think about it," said Tony, who didn't feel like it was the time to tell Reed he wasn't allowed to leave the country.  "Flag down that waiter, I think he's got some sort of fancy shrimp thing, I want that." He turned to Steve. "Ten thousand a plate.  No pressure, but by my estimate, you'd need to eat over fifteen hundred shrimp for us to break even."
"Sorry--" said Tony, laughing.  "I couldn't help it-- maybe for dessert."  He laughed harder when Steve's ears went pink.  "--okay, okay, okay-- seriously-- dinner," said Tony, trying and failing to keep a straight face.  Steve was still blushing indignantly.
"I'll be good, seriously. I don't want to piss him off anymore. I'm worried about what it'll make him do to his own mate." Steve said, staring up at the sky. He felt awful for Donner, like somehow looking like him made him accountable for what happened...which was ridiculous, even if that it is why Gideon bought him in the first place. "And I really want to be able to go to England. Peggy's birthday isn't long after Tony's.  I want to go see her, once we get these monitor things off."  Steve didn't say it, but he didn't know how much time Peggy had left.
He tore the left arm off the shirt; his left arm never seemed to quite fit into regular sleeves correctly.
In lieu of a traditional auction, they had opted for a silent one, with people penning in bids for each of the plants.  Tony had had "Richard Emmett" bid for a few of the fancier ones to drive up prices. At the end of the night, the winners were announced; Haley and her mate got a small yellow one, which they both cheered loudly for when they names were called.  The whole process took nearly two hours because of how many plants there were.
He put his arms around Steve without thinking, intending to scoop him up and haul him off to bed, then realized there was no way he could pick him up.  He laughed.  "Sorry.  I forget you're a super-omega.  How 'bout you carry me, soldier?"  He wrapped his arms around Steve's neck and licked a stripe up his cheek.
like that... you're so lucky... it's because you're an omega.  It's not fair.  I'm, like, his biggest fan."
?"  He grabbed a potted plant to steady himself but just turned it over onto the Persian rug, spilling dirt everywhere.  "
"Right," one scientist sighed. "I guess it's plan B. And his programming's already fucked anyway. A feral rut can't make it any worse than this."
Pepper opened her mouth and said something but the words were swallowed by the noise from the crowd.  Steve knew some of her songs.
.  You don't have to talk to him.  You don't have to look him in the eye.  But you made a commitment as his Alpha to protect him and he might need you right now.  So suit up and go find him."
The room was strangely quiet.  There was no music, no sounds at all; the walls were thick and Steve couldn't hear anything outside or in the hallway.  The only sounds were the heart monitor and Tony's slow, soft, even breathing. Dr. Brennan's voice was calm and even and soothing, but her gaze was fixed on Steve.  Clearly, Steve's tendency to think about others wasn't something she was thrilled about currently.
"I was so happy, you know. When we found you and when we found out what you were. I couldn't describe it to anyone who wasn't an O; I don't think they'd understand how much it meant. It meant everything. It meant we could do anything if we could be Captain America."
Against the wall, Pepper sighed and checked her watch.  It was getting late, Tony was clearly high as a kite, and she was watching carefully for the moment she'd have to swoop in and keep him from banging Steve right there on the dance floor.
"They want to kill each other," he breathed. "They both think the other is the terrible person - just for wanting the same thing that they do."
Y'know, for your charity?  People are stupid, they'd probably pay a ton of money for these, since they were owned by us.  Think about it.  On our one-year anniversary... yeah, people would go crazy, we could probably sell them for like ten thousand a pop.  Seriously.  They're historically significant.  Y'know, since it's
"Come on, Tony, you're a big man, you've been through hell and back.  You can't just... wallow in pity like this because you found out about something you don't like."
Eventually she gave up.  She led him to his bedroom and he followed her, still weeping, as docile as a lamb.  Her old efficiency came back to her and she peeled off his clothes, stuffed him into a pair of MIT sweatpants and one of his ratty old t-shirts before putting him to bed. He cried himself to sleep and she used the opportunity to call Steve, but his phone was either dead or off, and she received no answer.
"Sorry, I'm not...I'm not used to tech yet. Not on this level. Stuff like jets I can understand- that sort of thing is familiar. But laptops, phones? It's all new. We had nothing like that back in my day."
Steve's heart was racing a little slower in his chest now. He slid down against the tree, slowly, until his bottom was on the floor. He swallowed, letting the question hang in the air. He had to play this right. He had one goddamn chance to do this. In a weird way, after Gideon mentioned Natasha, it made it easier for Steve to think of her. She was bright and goddamn manipulate when she wanted to be. She'd once joked, in training, that Steve should learn to use omega wiles. Whatever the hell that had meant, he hadn't been sure at the time...
"He's going to get himself killed," Pepper disagreed and a real kind of fear shone in her eyes. Steve held her gaze as he heard the cars whizzing off from the starting line.
Tony stared at a display case for several long, silent moments before Natasha grabbed four and then dragged him over to a table in the corner.  "Here.  Eat," she demanded, setting a muffin in front on him on the table.  Tony picked listlessly at it, his face pale.
Steve couldn't deny that a doctor would bandage him up better than he could. It must be the specialist Pepper had sent for, he figured. "I guess leaving it to the doctor is best," Steve murmured, taking Tony's hand to stand. He was a little wobbly on his bad leg as he grabbed his robe, tying it around himself.
"Do you want the bed?" Steve asked. "All I've done for two days is sleep. I'll happily take the chair. I can just prop my foot up on the mattress." Tony looked about as terrible as he felt. They'd made a right state of themselves. Tony was so tired he was taking a while to answer. While he hesitated, a lump welled up in Steve's throat.
He laughed. "Sorry." It was a happy sound. "That's a lot to lay onto someone, isn't it? I don't mean to put pressure on you or anything. I'm just grateful...that you've made me think I can find a home here."
Her own simulation had been similar, because her experience was similar, having an omega from SHIELD recruit her.  In her opinion, Tony should consider himself lucky.  She had also had to witness Clint getting tortured.  Those memories were clear, clearer even than some of her own, real memories, and they still haunted her.
"I don't think he really feels fear like we do," said Pietro quietly.  "Don't take it personally. He doesn't know what's going on."
"If he needs a place to stay, he can bunk with me," offered George suddenly.  "I've got a condo up north and, you know, with Luke gone and one of the kids going off to college, I have room for him."
On his way home Steve ditched his phone (just to clean up the rest of the SHIELD trail) and got a new one, also grabbing a tray of Danish pastries too for a second late breakfast.  Marcus's reassurance had done a lot to ease his misgivings about taking off his shirt.  He stepped into his apartment quietly in case Tony was asleep and left the pastries in the kitchen before going to investigate.
Gently, he reached up and dragged the sheets down. He ducked in a breath as his Alpha was exposed to him, the musky smell almost overwhelming. Steve leaned forward and gave the head a kiss, watching Tony's reactions carefully as he slipped his mouth over the head and sucked lightly. It tasted strange, Steve had to admit, but it was definitely worth it for Tony's facial expression.
It was a clear day and Tony put on the radio as they drove.  He found Steve's hand and placed it on the stick shift, placing his own hand over Steve's so that he could drive and remain in contact with his omega.  It was, in Tony's opinion, bad form for SHIELD to insist on dragging Steve in to talk some more about the Winter Soldier, especially considering how awful the psych eval had been, especially considering this was
Tony caught himself, realizing that the ghost of what had happened to Steve had been present with them since Steve had returned.  And even if they hadn't been talking about it, it have been hovering over them, influencing their relationship all along.
"You really have. I remember your first week undercover, when you called me from that gala. You were so furious with him. I don't even remember why now. But you were being all that
"Just stick close," Happy mumbled in Steve's ear and patted his shoulder before he moved to pave the way for him.
and were certainly more relaxed around each other. It was easy to see how guarded Steve had been before, but he wasn't now. He was just... himself. "The press will go
"It's okay.  I don't need much sleep.  I can stay up and wait for Mr. Stark in case he decides he wants me," said DeSoto pleasantly.  "Do you mind if I have a drink, though?" He got up and walked over to the bar himself; clearly, he didn't think Steve had any real authority here.  That was on Tony, but Tony was passed out cold. This must be like a vacation for DeSoto.
. Still, he nodded anyway, not about to show Tony up in a room full of people. He basically inhaled a slice of pizza as he perched on the edge of a desk.
Steve's head was lolling a little. His eyes were glassy and red around the edges. He looked up at Pepper, slowly, his gaze trailing over her face. Slowly, he seemed to recognize her. And slowly, he seemed to process what she was saying. He blinked.
mate.  I thought I lost you. And I don't wanna lose you. ...I hope that's good enough but I... understand if it's not."
Donner looked desperately around the room.  Unused to having a lot of attention on him, and unused to making decisions, he looked like a deer in the headlights of an oncoming car.
Steve watched him but soon turned back to Louis who was saying something to a camera guy. Louis wore the sort of glasses that reminded Steve of the forties. They had thin metal frames and looked too big for his face. He'd actually Googled Louis before all this, surprised that a beta would take this kind of initiative. It turned out he had a wife was an omega, so it kind of made sense.
They were seated at a table for two by the window, overlooking coast.  Tony immediately ordered a bottle of wine; Steve was driving, after all.
He ignored Steve's soft, seething promises of violence.  That was pretty normal for Steve. But Tony knew that killing Malick would be akin to assassinating the president and wouldn't accomplish a damned thing.
"I want to go to the archives. I want everything they have here.  Including those videos of us. I don't want SHIELD to see them," Steve said quietly. If they took Bucky in but Tony found out they'd kissed... then Bucky really would be dead.
The two men from the balcony had entered, the glass crunching beneath their boots, and suddenly the room seemed overly crowded.  Both were in tactical gear, military-style berets on their heads, their bodies bristling with weapons and spare ammo, and there we no doubt in Steve's mind that anything that could be made into Kevlar probably was.
personal.  Clint would rather not have you hanging around his safehouse.  You have a record of making things much less safe. Plus you're kind of a jerk to him."
Steve sighed and closed his eyes. "What are you thinking?" he asked, wishing he'd taken his clothes off too. He was probably ruining his trousers and waistcoat, creasing them as he leaned into Tony's touch. But if it was just an omega audience he was sure he could get away with jeans and a t-shirt for dinner. That would be more comfortable, at least.
Steve wanted to be childish and tell Sam he didn't understand. He was into alphas exclusively and he'd only lost Riley, his partner, less than a year ago. Sam still had his bite mark on his neck, and he wasn’t ashamed of it, even though Acers were rare, and rarer still in the armed forces. He wore it with pride and ignored any of the jeers he got from fellow SHIELD agents. Sam didn't care what they thought of it; it was the only piece of Riley he had left. The proximity mine had done away with the rest of him.
boring," Haley agreed. "Speaking of, let's go dance." She grabbed his hand. "My mate hates dancing."
Tony felt his body relax, his tension melt away, as Steve began talking again.  His chest swelled with an emotion he couldn't name.  It wasn't the words, but the tone.  Steve's voice was like a magical spell that made him feel... something.
"Hey, is that..." Steve's eyes narrowed as he spotted something big and got up. He ripped off a corner of paper wrapping. "It's a canvas!" exclaimed in surprise and excitement.  He dragged the paper back, revealing the painting.
But Pepper calling his name was a mistake and the man with the electric whips snapped around to watch Steve with his fiery gaze. Tony had actually already seen Steve in the ring- he sort of knew what the blond was capable of. Within limits-
"Jesus. I'm gonna kill that man," Aria sighed as Tony left the kitchen, rubbing her temples. "I didn't hear all that. Just the end of it. Sorry. I didn't realise you'd gotten here." It was hard to know if it really was an 'accident' with Aria. She liked being in control of things; it wouldn't be unusual for her to eavesdrop. "I was Googling it though," she continued before Pepper could be annoyed about being overheard. "And apparently post-heat Alphas can go a little coo-coo. Not that that's an excuse but, you know.  Hopefully he won’t pull any more shit like that.”
Steve grabbed his phone off the side and went to sit on the bed. He leaned his head in his hand, eyes teary with frustration. "Fuck," he whispered, mostly to himself.
Tony suddenly remembered seeing a thing on National Geographic about how starfish impregnated other starfish by detaching an arm and having it crawl off without him.  Or maybe that was squids or something. Whatever. All Tony knew was that his penis was currently threatening to do the same. Clearly, it had its own agenda that had nothing to do with Tony's comfort.
When Frond touched behind his ear Steve froze. It was an oddly intimate area and and it felt so wrong for her to being touching him there. And then she whispered in his ear and Steve felt a tremor run up his spine involuntarily. Hang on-- had that felt
"Tony takes what Tony wants," said Pepper.  She examined the wine and then took a deep drink of it, trying to forget about that damn kiss.
There was a poster on one of the walls. It has CAPTAIN AMERICA: AMERICAN HERO written across the bottom in bold letters and a silly drawing of a soldier-looking type in the middle. He probably wasn't even real. They made up anything for war propaganda these days. The war was still on... wasn't it? Steve frowned again and shrugged the thought away. What a silly thing to ponder.  Yeah, of course it was.
is to be able to talk to my Alpha about my kids without getting interrupted, thank you very much," sneered George.
"Since it's Christmas and you look too good in the mornings. And I like your bed hair." Steve murmured, fingers reaching up to run through his hair pointedly, making it even more of a mess than it already was.
On the tarmac, there was a driver from Stark Industries waiting for them in a company car, and a huge smattering of people with cameras, microphones, and notepads, clamoring for a story.  Tony made a mental note to say thanks to Happy for the jeans. Before they disembarked, Pepper offered him a pair of sunglasses, which he took gratefully. They weren't prescription but Tony cared more about hiding behind them than the faint blurriness he was experiencing.
Natasha snorted again.  Despite her earlier warnings to Steve that Tony seemed like a jerk, she clearly had a soft spot for him.  Maybe just because he made Steve happy.
Gently, Tony shifted Steve on his lap and reached down to unzip his pants.  "Steve... I don't ever want you to run off like that again. I mean it. I told you, already, that losing you was... was the worst thing.  That I never, ever want to let you go ahead. Pushing me away like you did... not calling, not telling me where you were... I never want you to do that again, Steve.  Okay?"
"I wanna burn these clothes," said Tony.  In the airy hotel room, he swore he could smell smoke and blood.
"I'll call Gleason when we get outside," Steve said, half a reminder to himself. They needed that solution before they went anywhere for the holidays. He pulled out his phone to text Nat and tugged a little at his tie. It was getting hot in the studio under the lights. The sooner they got out the better.
Bucky was relieved when Pietro and Wanda finally came out of the bathroom.  He was having difficulty following the press conference on television.
! Stop saying that!" Sam snapped. He'd been the most annoyed out of all of them. Mostly because he wasn't a spy and he wasn't as good at controlling his emotions. "You've ignored him for a month! You've treated him like shit! He ignored all our calls, he ignored us...but I guarantee that if you had tried to call him just
"JARVIS, don't you dare!" shouted Pepper.  Could she gag her boss?  Too late.  She hadn't known Tony had a lockdown mode that was kept secret from her and she would have felt hurt if she wasn't dealing with their current crisis.
Tony's actions were controlled, precise.  They had to be.  The moment he let go, he knew he wasn't going to be able to recapture control.  He wanted to go home to his beachside mansion, the one that was missing walls, and call Pepper and beg her forgiveness for how stupid he'd been, how stupid he'd been over an omega he barely knew, grovel at her feet and admit that he'd only done that because he had thought they were bonded, but they weren't, because Tony was broken, a broken shell of a man and the omega in question already had an Alpha, and he needed her calm, firm, patient presence. Needed someone to just sit next to him while he processed this, someone to stabilize his world, which was spinning out of control, which no longer made sense.  He needed someone or something to
Steve whimpered as Tony bottomed out inside of him, his body really not ready for a knot. But he didn't care. He fucking wanted it and his body did too and it felt so
Tony eyeballed Steve.  “...perfect.  Thanks, Sparks,” he said softly, distractedly.  His toxicity levels were up again.  He took his smoothie and sipped it, wincing.  It tasted like a freshly mowed lawn.  He needed something to distract him.  His eyes slid over to Steve’s blue ones.  Steve had the audacity to look him in the eye.  “...you probably hear this all the time, but you have some really beautiful baby blues.  ...did you say a four-hour nap was on the schedule?  Sounds restful.  Any chance you want to join me?  I’ve been told I’m an excellent… napper.”  He stared at Steve suggestively.  One of the flight attendants let out a small, knowing giggle, and Tony relaxed, marginally.  He wasn’t sick.  How sick could he be?  He didn’t feel sick, or look sick.  No one had to know.  Hell, maybe he wasn’t sick at all.  Maybe the reading was wrong and his blood toxicity was down.  Equipment failed, after all.  It was a comforting thought.  Tony made a mental note to recalibrate the blood reader when they landed.  Or maybe just build a new one altogether.  How hard could it be, anyway?
Gideon wasn't even looking at him anymore. Steve was thoroughly amused, although ginger couldn't stop staring. Maybe he was a fanboy before Steve's true status was revealed.
.  Suppressant abuse is like, one of the number-one pharmaceutical issues-- Steve, you should talk about that, next!" said the woman, accepting a drink from one of Trey's brothers.  He handed Steve a drink, too; the smell was intense. It might as well have been pure ethanol. He beamed at Steve, clearly proud of his concoction.
Steve clenched around him as he slid down further, and smiled at the noise Tony made. "Feel good?" he asked breathlessly even though he clearly already knew the answer. Steve just wanted him to say it.
"Better two good omegas than one bad Alpha," said Donner sweetly, smiling.  "George has space in his flat and-- and Banksy's so lonely so-- so I hope it's okay, Steve-- if we-- if the three of us-- I mean,
"Just relax and I'll give you all the details, okay?" said Rumlow.  Steve kept swatting him off but he kept trying to stroke Steve's hair.  "Relax, Steven. We're going south, to Ventura. There's a base there. It's less than an hour north from your home in Malibu and Tony can come pick you up as soon as we get into contact with him, which I'm sure will be later today.  You'll be home before your full heat hits. We just want to make sure you're safe, that's all. Having you blind and mentally compromised in the middle of a Ralph's parking lot isn't a good look for Captain America." He threaded his fingers gently through Steve's hair.  "Do you want us to turn on the radio for you?"
"That's not the man who comes home with me," Steve murmured in explanation. Arcadia seemed to consider this.
"No, no, Erik Selvig, the physicist.  He's doing some dynamite stuff on dark matter, you ought to check it out-- right now he's on sabbatical in Tromsø.  Could be a nice little getaway for you."
and that thought alone was chilling. The fact that Steve had ended up where he was... it was a goddamn miracle. "Most of my peers weren't."
Steve opened the door and stepped out, offering a hand for Tony to take mainly because he wanted to hold his hand.  Tony took it.  Steve glanced up at the hotel. "Jesus," he muttered, wondering how much Gideon really had spent just trying to make fun of them. "How many people are at this event again?"
Donner shook his head and began to back away on the bed, pressing him up against the headboard. "No, no, no... I don't want to get in trouble again. I won't! I won't do this. You can't make me. I need an Alpha."
"I don't know if I'm ever going back to SHIELD," Steve said honestly, half of his toast already gone. Somehow, Steve managed to eat gross amounts of food without actually appearing
"I'm only handsome thanks to science," Steve pointed and Brooke laughed at that, like it was funny when it was actually just... true.
Some of the things they got up to in the bedroom felt intimate not just because of the sex itself but because of the trust they put in each other.  They had both done and said things that would ruin them if it was put out in public. Steve in heat was not a pretty sight, certainly not that of strong, independent omega.  And Tony had done his fair share of dirty talking; if anyone ever heard half of the things he said to Steve in bed, they'd probably tear him to pieces.
"I was supposed to be dead for seventy years, remember?" Steve said softly, drawing his hand back when it felt his touch went welcome. He swallowed almost awkwardly. Was Tony put off him now, after the miscarriage, and with Bucky?
Steve was grateful for Taylor shutting the other girl up, and almost smirked when Trey called him a player. Ha. Maybe in another life.
"Good omega," he said softly, tenderly, leaning forward to nuzzle Steve's neck.  "God, Steve, you're gonna make me late, looking all sexy and holding a plate of waffles.  Gimme a second to get dressed, okay?"  He disappeared into the walk-in closet, his voice floating out to Steve.  "I'm gonna
!" he announced, then whooped with joy, jumping up.  "I knew it, I knew we'd win!  The war's over!  The war's over!" He was giddy. He could go home now, hug Steve, hug Rebecca, get himself a respectable job-- oh, boy, once the other fellows heard, he bet they'd have one hell of a party, go drinking, go dancing, make a real night of it--
.  Pull yourself together.  We've got six people coming over within the hour to deal with this situation and I need you to at least have some
(Later, Tony would think to himself that it was like a porno, the filthiest kind, the kind where both parties completely degraded themselves and the sexual perversion of it was mouth-watering because of its intimacy.)
"Welp, Jarv... let's get to work," said Tony perkily, rolling out of bed and loping downstairs toward the shop.  He was glad Steve had left the note; even after a month, he was still getting used to the weird feeling of another person's emotions.  Especially when one of them was tired or over-emotional, it could affect the other.  And considering both of them were prone to flashbacks and night terrors, it was helpful to know when to expect pangs of fear or sadness so that they could handle it.  Knowing that any anxiety he felt over the course of the day could be ignored would really improve his productivity; he worried about Steve.  But not today.  Today was going to be perfect.
Tony led Steve up the stairs, out of the workshop.  He had wanted, so badly, to get some work done on the Mark VII but he felt like Steve needed to be away from technology for a while.  Swimming pools and sunshine were timeless.
"Hey, you ever had a Blue Ocean?" asked Trey's brother, who clearly was enjoying showing off his mixing abilities.  He handed Steve a third drink. Steve didn't remember drinking the second one, but it was gone. "It's my take on a Blue Ocean--"
"Kind of weird, if you ask me.  Howard Stark's son taking sloppy seconds.  Weird. There's no historical evidence that Howard Stark ever mated him, but let's face it, the man was a cad and Steve was an omega in the forties.  I'm guessing he got passed around a lot. Which is why I think it's ridiculous that everyone acts like him being triple-bonded is such a big deal."
And worse, Tony was going to have to go talk to the guy, look him in the eye and pleasantly chat and get his card... it had to be Tony, Tony was an Alpha... Tony wasn't like Steve or Natasha.  He didn't do undercover operatives. His style was loud and brash and direct. Hell, there was a
"Maybe...maybe we could go together, get a private room or something, for...for your birthday?" he suggested softly.
in his shop?  God damn it.  He pulled up his boxers but he couldn't see a bug bite there, so he went back to work, forgetting it almost immediately, humming along to Aerosmith while he screwed some hexbolts onto a chest panel.
...boy, he'd never get his thoughts straightened out.  He missed Vasily and his needles with their clear, calming fluid that helped him sleep.
"--the right balance, and achieve the best possible, not to mention the most natural, relationship with your omega.  Thank you," she concluded. The room broke out into a smattering of polite applause. Frond patted the female omega that was kneeling beside her, the Jenny she'd used earlier for a demonstration.  Frond may have been tiny but she gave off a very lethal, Natasha-esque vibe, and Tony had already made a mental note to stay away from her for the rest of the conference.
Steve was perched on the edge of the bed, phone in his hands, and he was dressed rather nicely, in dark jeans and a tucked-in shirt.  So whatever they were doing, where ever they were going... it was something respectable but not too formal.
Steve  looked over at the sleeping Alpha beside him.  "Tony's been home for almost a year now.  After this I think I just wanna go home.  Dying and waking back up makes you feel like you're untouchable.   But you're not.  I learnt that the hard way."
Back in the forties, keeping Steve from getting beaten, or worse, force-bonded and raped, was no small feat.  Steve picked fights all the time and Bucky was constantly arriving at the last minute to bail him out, summoned by their bond, by Steve's desperation.  Currently, Bucky's head was reeling, and he was lost in the haze of his own half-formed memories. Wasn't Steve big now? Couldn't he protect himself? But there was another Alpha there, and Steve had clearly been in distress--
"Yeah. Look. Those are the guards Steve took out," Sam nodded. "Maybe they just moved further down... or maybe--"
"It would, sir.  Setting autopilot for Wilshire Boulevard.  Estimated time of arrival is four minutes."
He finished fiddling with Steve's hair before getting up and going to root around in his luggage.  He approached Steve slowly, handing him a thin black box with a silver ribbon. He watched with an anxious sort of intensity as Steve untied the ribbon.
Sam stared at Tony incredulously.  Tony's face was unreadable.  It was entirely unclear whether Tony was being purposefully insulting or whether he was just so completely out of touch that he had no idea what he was saying was offensive.
"Ugh," said Tony, who had not gotten gifts for anyone yet and was hoping Pepper would step up to the plate for him.
Everyone was in a suit, or at least a tie but the atmosphere wasn't overly serious. There was a sense of professionalism in the air but one lawyer was walking around in slippers, and many had their shirt buttons undone at the top and their ties pulled lose.
The nurse looked grumpy.  "To be clear, he's been discharged against doctors' orders," she said, heaving a large file toward Steve.  "He needs to get back to a hospital as soon as possible--"
Natasha frowned.  "I can only tell you what I saw.  I showed up and he was on top of you.  It looked like... he was going to..." She was speaking quietly, but still censoring herself, just in case.  Laura was distracting Cooper, getting him to help with the dishes, although she clearly had an ear turned to what Natasha was saying.  "...I told him to back off. He reacted the way any Alpha would. He got aggressive, told me to back off, started bristling, laid himself over you.  There was no way to get him off, so I tased him. He tried to attack Sam, again, because he saw another Alpha as a threat, so I tased him again. And then we left him.  ...that's really it. Was he going to...? I don't know. It looked that way. You were pretty much unconscious from hunger and getting over an induced heat. We don't know what happened to him afterwards.  But we know from intercepting HYDRA communications that they don't know, either. He could be anywhere. ...what's your plan, Steve? He's not the person you used to know. ...and I don't think Tony's quite ready to be in a trio with another Alpha."
kill someone by accident.  Aria had previously told him he had a bit of an anger problem and couldn't punch all of his problems away.  She was probably right, though Steve would never admit it.
Steve leaned into Tony's touch, fingertips nudging against his scalp. "I don't care if it'll piss people off...I almost think that's half the point," he murmured. "So many people are being failed, falling off the edges...someone's gotta catch 'em or they'll just keep falling."
Tony's stomach turned yet again and he realized that David Gleason was in his fifties; he'd probably been born in the sixties, during the very first civil rights movements for omegas.  That his brother might well have been forced-bonded as part of a completely legal ceremony. That Boswell's casual description of his bonding ceremony to Banksy ("He cried the whole time.") was something much more sinister.
The thought of wearing something worth so much was intimidating. Sure, Steve had a few designer suits now, but that was a whole suit- this was just essentially a necklace on steroids. Steve didn't know how people kept these sorts of things and didn't just sell them for money and donate it all.
"I think I can find home here." He hoped he already had. "But, I don't want to rush it... you know? I haven't even been awake six months, Tony," Steve pointed out. It felt strange to say it. So much had happened in such a short space of time. And he'd already mated and moved in with his Alpha and even driven a supercar.
He settled down with them, pressing up to Steve, cuddling him unabashedly.  He wasn't normally one for displays of affection but Steve's heat had turned him into an emotional mess.  "I'm so glad you're okay," he mumbled into Steve's collarbone, still worked up from the brief moment of not knowing Steve's whereabouts.
He heard a soft splash next to him.   He reached out with one hand for Steve's without opening his eyes.  "Steve, I need another beer.  Also, listen to this song, it's a classic.  Actually, can you just get me a bottle of whiskey?  ...and my phone? "  Tony felt so relaxed, weightless and warm, floating naked in his pool with a cold drink and a pair of sunglasses shielding his eyes.  He was glad he could share this level of hedonism with Steve.  Seeing Steve panicking over the tesseract had been... alarming.  A combination of old-timey superstition, Tony thought, and the shock of seeing something from his past rear its head in the 21st century.  Hopefully, Steve would forget all about it, and Tony could study it in peace.  He had access to a large portion of SHIELD's operatives at his fingertips, plus boxes and boxes full of his father's old notes that he'd never gone through that might contain some secret.
The Winter Soldier grunted in annoyance; the omega was incredibly strong and was holding back his arm.  The muscles were bulging and quivering with effort; he felt the omega kick him in the stomach.
Someone had offered to buy Steve. Once. His ma was struggling and he'd just turned sixteen. A gentleman came round. He looked smart, wore a pressed suit with pin stripes and had his hair slicked back. He was a beta- Steve thought so anyway. The memory was hazy and unimportant. His mother had been outraged and pushed him out of the house, hitting at his coat with a flour coated rolling pin. It had been a beautiful sight but a chilling thought. Steve knew his mother would have never done it - but how many omegas had been sold and what happened to them? Did they want a mate or just something to screw with and then toss away? Or would he have been kept like a pet?
"They found them in Sokovia.  I don't know anything. I only work with samples--" the man under Steve was gasping.
Tony looked up sharply, sensing another presence; Malick had wandered over, trailed by the blond.  "Malick alert," he said hastily.
?" Bucky scanned the street. He was going to have to steal a car; it would be faster to get to Steve that way and the clock was ticking, Steve was in danger...
"But I'm his doctor. I can't treat him if I don't know what's going on," Gleason pointed out and moved to sit down on a sofa opposite Pepper with his bags in his lap. He didn't want Phil to take them by accident. He would have tried to introduce himself but the omega seemed quite obsessed with his task.
But bonds didn't break.  Pairs almost never separated unless a partner died and, even then, they rarely rebonded; just look at how Jarvis had withered away after Howard's death.  That was the whole point of a pair-bond.  It was a lifelong commitment, almost sacred in its seriousness.  Omegas could never distance or sever bonds; once bitten, they were linked forever to their Alphas.  (Alphas could distance or sever bonds, but doing so was rare and frowned upon except in extreme circumstances.)
It was a struggle getting Steve all the way out to the car when he couldn't support his own body weight. Steve was obviously upset, but proud of Donner. Still sedated and struggling to control his own limbs, he felt devastated by his own weakness, scared, violated, dirty, relieved, and fiercely satisfied with Donner finally standing up for himself.  It was a confusing state of mind for his preheat. The sergeant helped Steve sit down in the back seat of the car, his feet hanging out.
The drive to the hospital felt strange. He knew Boswell was old, but he couldn't stop thinking about... about this being Tony one day. Steve knew it was selfish, he should be thinking of Banksy right now, but--
She frowned.  "Steve, can you... do something about...?"  She gestured, then turned to the kids. "Shoo."
"It was an accident," Steve said with a gentle laugh as he took the offered hand, making sure not to squeeze too tightly as he shook back. Stone appeared to believe him. Or at least, he knew not to press further. "It's a pleasure to meet you too, sir; I've heard a lot about you."
"Dr. Thompson, with all due respect, no respectable Alpha would likely want her pre-marked.  ...you could perhaps talk to someone about getting her corrective surgery. I believe Lake Sycamore has a program that helps restore omegas.  It's a private school in Michigan that works with younger, troubled omegas. A bit pricey but one of the best. And they do take omegas up to the age of twenty-one."
He waited for the servants to leave again before he moved. Steve sank down onto his knees in front of Tony on instinct and leant his cheek against the alpha's knee as his eyes slipped shut. Steve needed the reassurance right now. HYDRA wouldn't be in control of his emotions, he wouldn't let them be. Tony was...yes. His alpha.
"Heat's aren't a good time. Let's just say... the person who force bonded me--" Steve cringed. "He's on ice now. So my last heat I kept going blind, or being convinced I was freezing half to death.  I could feel him so strongly that-- that it was like I wasn't even in my own body.  Or, I was, but-- but it was just feeling him. It wasn't fun. And it's going to happen every heat."
Phil slithered up beside Steve, hands clasped neatly behind his back.  "Captain," he greeted him with a small, tense smile. "...happy birthday."
"Killing him won't change what he did," Bucky echoed suddenly, making eye contact with Steve.  "Killing Johann Schmidt just made you more like him. You enjoyed doing it but it wasn't a good feeling."
Steve's breath sucked in when he felt the head of Tony's cock against him. That alone was enough to make him considerably more aroused, his entrance getting wetter. Sighing softly, he ached up into the kisses along his throat, his hands moving to Tony shoulders and then to trace down the curve of his back. It was weird touching Tony like this, and being touched... everything felt different, lighter, almost.
"Yeah.  I'm ready," he said breezily.  "I was born ready. What's the alternative?  You're gonna do what you're gonna do, you love being a soldier, and I can't just sit at home wringing my hands like a jackass while you go put your life on the line.  Besides, it's been a while since I got to be Iron Man. ...watch this."
"Kate...you should really get here now. We need an O doc and you're the only one on call right now."
Happy laughed from the front seat. "Don't worry. They use the same thing over and over. They don't mean anything."
Steve hesitated.  Tony looked… off.  His usual swagger was deflated.  Had the plane ride really taken that much out of him?
'"I know I left for a day... but I came back. I'll always come back."  Steve nuzzled Tony's thigh and Tony patted his head, and the two of them lapsed into silence, letting the sounds from the television wash over them and fill the quiet space between them.
He tilted his head a little bit, watching the blond with big, curious eyes, watching him as he smoked.  Though he didn't know his name or anything about him, though he smelled scared, the smell still called to him, a siren's song.
Tony felt like he was having a heart attack and considered that this might, finally, be it.  This might be the moment of his death.
"It's not shit," replied Dan, a bit defensively.  "Alpha organizations exist to protect omegas. They're not all like Steve, Tony.  Most of the omegas here got rescued from really shitty situations. And Alphas United funds a lot of pro-omega programs.  Education, technical and vocational training, reassignment--"
"I don't want HYDRA to find me, so I guess no....in that case I don't want him to find me," Steve said quietly. He saw no point in lying or trying to lie. "But if he wasn't with HYDRA I don't know how I'd feel," he admitted. If he wasn't safe for active duty then he didn't want to be put on it. Steve didn't have a right to put anymore lives at risk. What if one of the team had gotten badly hurt in his rescue mission? How would he feel then?
!  Both of you!  No jeans, no t-shirts!  Steve, wear your uniform, this is a business meeting and there's already a dozen news vans staking out the place..."
Tony wasn't angry.  He was too tired for that.  But he had to know. Over the last few years of his life he had learned a lot of unpleasant truths about his family, his company, and himself.  And as ugly as all of them were, Tony wanted to know and to fix things. He was, at heart, a mechanic, and fixing things was what he did.
Tony froze again, completely.  There were several seconds of silence.  Tony's body was trembling; his eyes brimmed with tears.
"I would like to start by thanking all the performers that volunteered for tonight's charity event. I know everyone has come here tonight on late notice, as have you, and I appreciate all the efforts that every person involved has put into this. Including every person we have backstage too, who again are doing this on a completely voluntary basis. And I think tonight will be a wonderful example of how much we can achieve when people come together, regardless of prejudices or divisions, in order to do something for a cause that is bigger than ourselves. And bigger than any of us here in this room. Equality in education and equal opportunities are every child's right and I can only hope that our support tonight for Yemen's educational foundation will help put more kids on the right track.
The night of the party, Pepper wouldn't be attending. And Steve wasn't expected to either, technically. But Pepper had asked him to keep an eye on Tony, though she assured him that one of Tony's old friends, Rhodey, would be there to ensure things didn't get too wild.  She informed Steve he could leave after Rhodey arrived and that he wouldn't want to be there after midnight anyway.  Stark parties got legendarily out of control and Tony would be insufferably demanding.  Besides, he'd be too drunk to even remember if his PA was there or not.
"...it's fucked up, isn't it?  But at least it seems like this is sort of... an underground culture.  Y'know, like white supremacists," said Tony. "Hey, Jorge, you want the rest of these beers?"  He held up the six-pack.
Banksy tugged his hair out of its tie, shook it out, and then re-tied it into its usual neat little ponytail; Boswell had retreated into the house and most of his older Alpha friends had long since disappeared.
He broke their kiss and lay back down, being careful not to press the arc reactor too hard into Steve's chest, resting his chin on Steve's shoulder.  "This is okay," he whispered, half to himself.  "We're okay... this is fine... this is normal... we're good, right, Steve?  This is okay?  You're okay?"
Tony nosed behind Steve's ears, seeking out his scent glands instinctively, nibbling his neck.  "Omega," he said with delight.
Tony obediently drank the water.  Pepper pulled some wipes out of her purse and began cleaning off his hands, then moved to fix his tie.  Tony nursed the bottle of water sleepily.
Tony drifted off with the omega in his arms, the comforting, familiar smell of him making even the sterile hospital suite feel like home.
Steve sat there stock still, his throat going dry. "Still trying to figure that one out," he admitted. "Did Malick really buy Donner because he looked like me?" he asked, still alarmed by this. "Because the guy hates me... and... and what happened to Ashtray?"
Steve's eyes dragged back to Tony's face at the kiss and Steve smiled stupidly, his cheeks pink. "You called?" he tried to joke, giggling a little (almost to himself).  Steve felt so relaxed, so at ease. All the panicking had finally been shut off for one night and he felt more like himself since he'd gotten back from Yemen.  He could almost (
Proving he was who he said he was wasn't difficult.  Not with all of the IDs: the SHIELD ID, his social security card, his new driver's license.  In Steve's time, unbonded omegas could not get licenses.  Another novelty.
He fixed his hair in the mirror, neatening his appearance before heading into Tony’s room.  He arrived with coffee and set it down on the bedside table before reaching out to squeeze the man’s shoulder.  Tony had fallen asleep in his clothes.  His jacket was rumpled.  “Tony?  Time to get up.”
Most of the plants had lost their flowers but about a third were already re-blooming.  Hopefully by June more than half would be in bloom. There were only a few Tony planned to keep: the one from Pepper, for example, had been lovingly placed in his workshop and was given particular amounts of attention compared to the rest.
"I've got enough broken fingers already.  Pep, go call Banksy. Tell him we need him here, tonight, like, right now."
"Please, can we get to bed? I'm tired and I can feel how tired you are. Tomorrow won't be better. We should sleep.  Please.  I'm so tired," Steve murmured, sounding more himself than he had since this heat had started.
The sense of self-consciousness about Steve's build evaporated, forgotten, as Tony's senses explored his omega.  Steve's taste, his smell, the feel of his skin... all of it was overwhelming in the best possible way.  He let out a breathy groan into Steve's mouth, climbing into his lap, blanketing Steve's body with his own.
A woman walked in to the room, a short, heavy, dark-haired omega who was polishing a silver candlestick.  "Yes, Mr. Stark?"
like I'm on drugs?" demanded Tony, gesturing to his body.  He stole a glance at the guy on their couch, hoping that he was drinking in the sight.  Granted, the guy on the couch might very well be on "the crack."  He was skinny and looked a bit like a junkie.  Not that Tony would know.  He spent nearly all his time either in the robotics lab or at frat parties.
Tony groaned, caressing Steve's hair, feeling his balls tighten as he got close.  "Steve... gonna cum... gonna cum for you..." he murmured, nearly purring, arching his back.  Steve was bobbing on his length and Tony would have been happy to lay there and be serviced for longer, but the sex was secondary to the intimacy for once in his life; the arousing part of having Steve suck him off was knowing this was knowing that Steve was a submissive omega, at least in the bedroom, wanting to please his Alpha.  Here, at least, he wasn't the Captain; he was someone else that only Tony got to see, and Tony loved that.
Banksy had brought doughnuts. They were from some local deli of his, and there was about twenty different flavors. Steve was hyperly aware that it would be rude to eat, like, ten of them. Steve
Pepper sighed.  "Sometimes I forget how sheltered you've been.  You haven't been using protection at
"Yes. Like a holiday. You take him somewhere special and you go visit tourist attractions and go to an over priced hotel. Come on Steve, there's so much of the world you haven't seen."
Tony listened to Steve talk, still hurting, and felt his eyes tear up.  He blinked rapidly.  He would not let them fall.
He found a bathroom and pushed open the door to see two people making out in the bath. They squealed at the interruption and Steve quickly shut the door before moving along to the next one.
Tony tugged Steve's hand, dragging him back off stage, behind the safety of the curtains, into the wings.  The din of the crowd softened as they slipped through the door toward the backstage area.  And then the moment was over, and that was that.  They'd opened Pandora's box.  But Steve couldn't have been happier.
"Legally, Captain, I can't arm you," said Fury gruffly.  "If you read all those papers you signed, you'd know that.  But I believe you might have recently made the acquaintance of a couple of new friends.  They might be able to help you out."
"I want to be on Natasha's team.  She's ruthless; I'm never letting her throw a snowball at me again," said Laura, rising and stretching her back.  "Besides, it'll make Cooper happy to be on a team alone with Steve." She winked.
"...rough night?" asked one of the scientists conversationally on the other side of the cell, watching the two supersoldiers grapple.
He looked up and flashed Steve a grin.  "Party trick," he said, fishing the arc reactor out of the water and carefully tucking the wires back in before smacking in the device.  "...
kill Tony, if he had to.  If Tony ever came anywhere near his omega again, he would tear him to pieces.
Once he was in the air, there was nothing to hit.  Tony paused for a moment over the house, hovering.  The front entrance was littered with broken glass.  He remembered with some guilt how he'd tossed Rhodey around.  Tony was good at pushing people around.  Or away.  Whatever.  Same diff.
A whip curled around his thigh. There was a violent tug; Steve twisted around, raising the shield to bring it down on his bindings, but a metal hand flew out, gripped the shield, and wrenched it from his grip, throwing it aside.
than to listen to Steve talk about his experience waking up.  Imagining the shock as he met Agent Coulson and Agent Barton, two omegas whose status hadn't put a dent into their professional careers; imagining Steve's face when he saw the old newspaper pictures of the first omega to attend college, the first omega vice president (they still hadn't had an omega president yet), the first omega astronaut.  Watching newsreels of omegas voting, mixing into society like they'd always been a part of it.  Having the right to choose not to have children, getting suppressants and going off into the workforce instead.
"Yeah... yeah, we should probably send flowers..." said Tony grudgingly, eyeing the bar's contents.  "Well, lay 'em on me, Jarv, who died?"
Tony was too distracted to listen to this explanation; he picked up a picture frame from the table beside the couch.  Another old one, with a beautiful, smiling woman.  Even though it wasn't in color, Tony could tell her lips were painted bright red; she was beaming, eyes squinted, wearing a military uniform, leaning against the side of a small plane.  He flipped the frame over.
Karpov strode over and gestured for the soldier; he came over and knelt by the slot in the door.  Karpov reached through and ran his hand over Bucky's cheek, tenderly, looking down at him. Bucky closed his eyes and leaned into the touch.
"...legislation for public safe spaces, starting with state universities," the first lady was saying.  Steve was nodding.  Tony nodded too even though he couldn't care less and didn't know what they were talking about.  "Oh, you really have to meet Irshad, she's on the draft committee-- Irshad, come here, meet Captain Rogers..."
Pietro turned, wide-eyed, terrified.  Tiberius was staring at him. And his smell, which Tony and Steve and Gleason had all grown unaccustomed to, ever-present, ever-horrific, was enough to stop Pietro for just a second.
"--look, we can't hire someone because they're an omega, that's still discrimination.  If you don't want Pepper, fine, but we'll need open interviews... legally, we still have to consider beta and Alpha applicants," said Tony.
Steve sucked in a breath as Tony sucked him into his mouth. His instinct was to reach down and grip onto Tony but he didn't, letting his fingers twist into the sand. It felt like nothing else ever had before. He squirmed. He gasped. He whined. And he whimpered, his thighs trembling a little with the effort to thrust up into Tony's mouth. "Tony. You don't-- you don't have to… not if… oh,
"Thank you Pepper," Steve breathed gratefully as he slipped the pillow between his forehead and the floor.
Tony looked at Steve.  "Okay, I already know you're deadly with a spoon, so please don't kill me. Look, lemme explain, please.  First of all, there's nothing
Tony's touch was grounding. "I'm not backing out. That's exactly what Malick will expect me to do. He thinks I'm too proud for something like this." Steve distantly recalled him saying he'd rather walk around naked. He was starting to think that was actually
Ever since this strange blond omega had called him Bucky, everything felt... wrong.  He was uncertain.  He was not allowed to feel uncertainty, yet there it was, coursing through his veins like poison.
"Ah, the ol' security versus liberties debate," said Tony, crossing the room and rooting around in the fridge.  He pulled out a carton of orange juice and began drinking from it.
"Not sure I should be downstairs when Gideon gets here," Steve admitted. "There's a legitimate chance I might try and kill him. Or break his jaw."
Steve's clothes dropped to the floor, along with Tony's.  He fed Steve another ice chip, liking the water Steve's lips sucked it off his fingers.
"Nothing," Steve straightened up. "Is there anything else? Would you guys like... coffee, or something?  I'll go to the appointments but I really don't think I need them."
Steve had seen Tony like this before: manic.  But it had been a while and to be honest this was pretty manic even for Tony.  If he'd told Steve he'd injected himself with hummingbird blood, Steve wouldn't have been surprised.  Even standing still, Tony was still vibrating with excitement, and his hands, operating independently, had picked up a screwdriver and were adjusting some hex bolts along the side of the suit.
"--Afghanistan," said Tony, gaze distant.  "Excuse me a moment." He pulled away to go find an omega waiter and order another drink.
"There's a good soldier," said Karpov gently, patting him.  He glanced down at the mostly unsmoked cigarette in the dirt, and reached out to crush it with the heel of his boot.  "Your objective is to keep the girl alive. Not to listen to her. You listen only to me, understood?"
Except now that he was back in the helmet and Steve's smell was gone, Tony was, for the first time, consciously aware of what was happening.  That was what the uninhibited heat of his mate felt like, post-bonding.
Pepper appeared.  "Tony's singing that song he always sings when he's being a cad.  Did he embarrass Steve?" she asked.
He had time to kill.  Three or four months ago, he would have been content to sit and wait, his mind an utterly blank slate.  But he hadn't had any retraining sessions for a long time and now his mind always seemed to be buzzing with confusion and indecision and emotions he couldn't really put a word to.
Steve gently peeled back the wrapping paper. The present had been diligently wrapped, the wrapping paper pretty. There was a small box inside which he opened to find a collection of handmade sweets.
"So this is the new thing, huh?" asked Rhodes, hands in his pockets.  Pepper had finally gotten ahold of him.  He'd dropped everything and come; the last few weeks he'd spent putting out fires, going to meetings with the Secretary of Defense, the Senate, trying to keep Tony from being arrested.  Having someone as unstable as him in possession of multiple armored suits was difficult to argue for.  One of the suits was sitting in a hangar at Edwards, having already shot several people who tried to pick it apart.  It had been two years since Tony stopped Stark Industries from manufacturing weapons, but he was still a weapons designer himself.  There was no masking the suit for anything other than a weapon, and a deadly one, too.  No matter what Tony said.
Tony and Steve climbed stiffly into the backseat of the SUV after crunching their way through the dusty snow in the graveyard; the car was incredibly warm after spending two hours in the chilly outdoor weather.  Pepper looked up but made no movement. Happy didn't look back at all.
"Jarv?" called Tony as he loped down the stairs still buttoning his shirt, sunglasses already on.  "Who's gonna be at the meeting?"
"Where are they?!" Natasha demanded for a fifth time, her punch making the director's head spin. He laughed but then wheezed where he lay against his desk, clutching at his side which was slowly bleeding out into the floor. Sam was at his computer, checking the cameras through the mainframe for any sign of their super soldier.
Tony dropped his head on top of Steve's and sighed, relaxing.  The next week would be busy, but that was fine.  Tony liked being busy.  He had one week to train himself to be unflappable.  He knew what to expect from SHIELD now, at least.
The minute he was gone Steve was pushing his pants down. He was soaking between his legs, quivering with a hot and a familiar sort of need. He thought about the fact that Wanda and Pietro had tried to kill Tony again, take away the source of Steve's happiness... but then a hand pushing up his shirt distracted him.
"Steve, honey, you never look awful," Aria assured him and stood, gathering all the take away boxes to throw into the bin. "Now I hope you use tonight to work out some of your
Pepper held out her phone to Aria.  The usual news sources, like AP and Huffington, had pictures of Tony and Steve embracing, kissing tenderly, balloons and streamers dropping around them.  But that wasn't what she was panicking about.
He'd promised Sarah he would protect him.  He'd promised and he'd failed. He should be there, supporting his mate, like the lady on the television said...
"He's with the doctors right now," she murmured, clutching her coffee tightly. "They've not given away much."
"Oh, give me a break, I don't want Hawkguy," snapped Tony, pulling away.   "Coulson's driving is just scaring the hell out of me.  ...what's your deal?  You two paired?"
Steve curled his hands onto Tony's shoulder and then into his hair. Steve wasn't tugging, his fingers just lightly scratching at Tony's scalp. He gasped quietly when he felt the drag of teeth against his lips and trembled.
"Maybe...maybe you could bite my shoulder, or something?" he suggested tentatively. Steve wanted Tony's teeth to leave a mark.
"It's no one's business. But yes, obviously you're with me... obviously you're not an acer," Steve breathed. "Maybe you should do a interview with some Alpha magazine about it. Something that will make you feel more..."
"Hold your horses!  I'm working on it," said Tony.  "...in about fifteen seconds, you're gonna hear a loud click and the doors are all going to come unlocked, okay?  You guys go on without us, we're about four or five minutes from the central stairwell."
"Why do I bother..." Sitwell muttered to himself and went to step outside, pulling out a packet of cigarettes despite the fact that he'd 'quit'. The stress of Captain America being temporarily possessed by a HYDRA assassin apparently wasn't doing him any good. It was fair enough really.
"We request that you do not become involved.  I understand and appreciate your desire to eradicate those who would misuse your missiles, Mr. Stark.  But we do not want Iron Man to come to our country. Ours is a peaceful country and we want no escalation of the violence.  Already, we have suffered enough. We feel confident in our ability to manage our own affairs."
"It's the end of the honeymoon, yeah. We're probably fine," he hummed. "Don't worry about it right now."
?" barked Sam; Natasha had already fired, but the bullet hit the wall.  Pietro was gone. So were the notes. The door was closing; Sam raced over to it to look down the hall, but there was no sign of the omega.
Phil closed his door, walked around, and put an arm around him, leading him over.  Clint must have only arrived recently, because he was still in full SHIELD garb: black pants and shirt, a bulletproof vest, a hip and thigh holster, heavy combat boots.  The only thing missing was his archery glove.
Tony felt his insides curdling with something like fear.  "N... no?  No, but... but... scent-mates..."
"Pants!" yelled Rhodey after him.  "...he's not just gonna be Porky Piggin' it, is he?  ...does he normally work naked? No, don't tell me, I don't wanna know."  He shook his head. "Listen, Captain, as long as I've got you alone, I also need to ask a favor.  A couple of favors. Virginia Military Institute, West Point, and the Air Force Academy have asked you to give a commencement speech for their graduations.  All three are this May. I know you and Tony have a thing planned for June, what with your anniversary but... it would mean a lot to the boys in uniform to see you throw on the Cap uniform and give them an inspiring speech.  ...but if you could, you know, leave out the omega stuff and just talk about being in the armed forces, you know... patriotic stuff. ...I sort of already promised USAFA you'd do it." Rhodey stuffed a few papers in Steve's hand.  "Here's the info. Thanks man. I owe you one."
"Don't worry," Howard laughed and patted him again before pulling away. "I've already got a gal, and anyways, I don't do men."
with less than a weeks' notice?  Plus, the media is having a field day about you two going collar shopping... is this revenge?  Is that it? Are you purposely trying to slight me because of this morning?"
Steve yanked his foot as hard as he could, knocking Vanko off balance just enough to buy him some time.
"He's either too besotted or he literally can't hear me," she said and moved over. May stared down at Steve, her face twitching for a moment. "Will he be alright?" she asked quietly.
He pulled off his shirt and felt a small bead of blood run down the back of his neck. He shivered and dropped his jacket before moving to take off his trousers too. Steve left his underwear on. There wouldn't have been much to burn anyway.
"...why don't you go have a girls' night out with Pep and Aria?" suggested Tony, desperate to get rid of her.  "I don't think me and Steve need five bodyguards in our own house, right?"
"I just can't believe he heard that phone call and still wants to go back to him. The guy must have no self-esteem," Banksy sighed sadly.
"I can see the cogs turning in your head, dear, but come on, we really need to get you clean. How does the oil just get...everywhere?" Steve asked with a fond sigh, his fingers brushing against Tony's. Steve too was evidently feeling better without an omega who disapproved of everything he did in the house. He tugged on his mate's hand gently. "Come on. The suit's not going anywhere..."
Steve cocked his head. How did having your feet behind your head increase the chance of getting pregnant? Surely it just meant your Alpha could slide--
"I'll come with you," said Tony immediately, eager to show his support for Steve, to re-prove what a good Alpha he could be.
"Wait a moment," he repeated, staring at the building beside the shield.  "...look."  He reached down and picked up the little building, examining it.
They left Coulson to play babysitter with the suit and then headed downstairs. Steve pressed the button to take them down to the basement. It was almost awkward again. He resisted the urge to fill be quiet with Russian, that seemed to only piss Tony off more.
.  Yeah, you're built, you're jacked, you're well-proportioned.  But that's not what I'm talking about."  Tony closed his eyes again, head lolling back.  "I'm talking about the way you smell.  The way you move.  Your inner artist, the... good-boy, scout's honor thing you've got going on.  It's not your looks, Steve.  It's.... it's how you smell.  You smell
Then, out of nowhere, it hit him.  At first he thought someone had punched him in the throat.  His airway constricted, his chest tightened, and he was suddenly frozen with an unfamiliar sensation.  He looked around, wildly, but he was perfectly alone and there was no obvious reason why his body was reacting this way.
Tony listened to the vibrations of Steve's chest, the deepness of his voice, and was so absorbed in the sound he almost missed the meaning of the words.  He blinked, processing the words.
"Since when did people use orchids to send threats?  That's fucked up," said Tony, paranoia bubbling up inside of him.  He wanted to tackle Steve to the ground and lay on top of him until the threat had passed, except the threat was only a vague sentence written on a small slip of paper and wasn't anything tangible he could actually bare his teeth at.
"Did no one ever teach you any of this?  You're forty years old, Tony.  You two are obviously scent-mates.  Just accept it."
"He even doesn't do it that often," said Tony, sounding pouty.  His eyes lit up a little. "Actually, Steve, would you mind--"
"...sort of," said Tony.  "Also I need you to find a way to deduct forty-two thousand from my taxes but we can talk 'bout that later."
The expression on Bucky's face made his heart beat faster. Steve both hated it and loved it at the same time.
Steve went to go put the kettle on and then get out waffle mix. Breakfast in bed seemed like a great idea to him. Honestly, he just wanted a calm and quiet Christmas. He wanted to spend it in bed with cheesy movies he needed to catch up on and those Christmassy biscuits from Germany that he freakin' loved.  Those biscuits were one of the fondest memories he had of the war.  ...did they even make those anymore?
Aria was in pajamas when he came down and was nursing a glass of red wine. It was small and it had stained her lips a faint purple.
Steve caught the boxes and moved to take them, counting them out for the hours he'd missed while he grabbed his coffee and watched MacKenzie warily out of the corner of his eye. He didn't know him and he was in their house and he wasn't feeble like Sitwell. Steve wasn't sure he appreciated him being here. Aria certainly seemed quite chummy with him. They had been laughing over something when Steve had come down with Tony.
"Hey, look, Clint's with it, SHIELD is guarding it, it's okay, it's safe... I'm gonna get into the files and it'll be fine, we'll learn all about it and we'll be able to handle it... "
"You call him..." mumbled Tony discontentedly as they left the building.  "He likes you more than me. I only ever cause him grief..." He was having trouble not spiraling into one of his little black holes of depression.  All he could think of was poor Donner, who looked like Steve... it made Tony imagine Steve. Not Steve as he was now, a brick wall of muscle, but Steve has he had been.  Steve would could have just as easily ended up being bought and sold, used and passed around like he was nothing more than a plaything.
