A few short weeks later, John and Sherlock were back on the train to Dartmoor. This visit was an important one - they would find out the sex of their child. They truly had no preference, but were very excited to know which it would be. They were also intensely curious to actually observe their baby growing in the artificial uterus. Mycroft had assured them that they would receive a video to keep, although they could not show it to others, since it contained classified information about the process.
Mycroft continued,“All right, then. I'll have Anthea see about an instructor who can come to the flat. Although we have some time, we can make tentative plans. The removal men should be here next week to help move the lab equipment down to 221C, and then back again as well to deliver the extra things you have indicated you will need to have a proper lab, like a table, stools, refrigerator, and whatever else you might have on the list. Then Anthea can start to look into which shops carry the kinds of furnishings you are looking for, and after that, she can check into the baby things.
"Yes, well, there may be a way round all that business now!" his sweetheart said, smiling, twisting his hands together in nervousness and excitement, and fidgeting in his seat.
Dr. Stapleton was also smiling as she watched the parents-to-be. She was happy she had thought to call Mycroft when they expanded their program to include same-sex parents. She thought it was an extraordinary opportunity, to offer this to couples like Sherlock and John, who were obviously devoted to each other, and wanted children of their own. Sherlock might be a bit quirky, but it was obvious he loved John and did want a family with him. They were also excellent choices to record everything about the child once it was here, and to let her know how things were going with growth and development. Dr. Stapleton and the other lab people were thrilled at the involvement of the parents, and knew they would use many of the suggestions that Sherlock and John had made, to offer other couples the same (such as recordings of their voices, and additional music tracks). After answering a few of the couple's questions, she left them to visit with their daughter for a little while.
“John! Good morning! Dr. Stapleton has emailed me this morning, and the cells will be ready by Monday. Can we decide who will provide which cells? If you don't mind, I'll provide the eggs, unless you have a preference -?”
John and Sherlock looked at each other, still not quite believing this had all happened so quickly. They were alternately insanely giddy and a bit overwhelmed at all the changes they would have to make to the flat before the baby came home. They supposed they'd have to tell Mrs. Hudson something so she wouldn't drive them completely mad with her questions. Maybe they
Sherlock went back into the bedroom and brought out their daughter, to smiles all around. He handed her to Anthea, who was reaching out, and settled her with a cloth in case of explosive belches. She immediately held Sheri close and began talking softly to her. After about fifteen minutes, Mycroft took his niece and smiled as he looked at Anthea - oh, yes! Sherlock was right - they
“Sherlock, love - I still am having a little trouble believing this. I feel like I should pinch myself to see if I am awake or dreaming. Do you know how long it will be from the time we give them tissue samples until they can actually grow the cells and 'start' the baby? I guess I should have asked Mycroft, but I am amazed I thought to ask him anything at all. Oh! Can we choose the baby's sex? Not that I care which one it will be, but I just wondered,” John said. He was talking and thinking, his mind reeling with the information they had been given that morning.
Gary and Billy were told they had some projects to observe for Sherlock's brother, who was some government official; so they wouldn't wonder why they showed up more often. As with most things, if it was told with conviction, it was seldom questioned. After a lovely dinner, they went back to their room, had a long soak in the tub, made love, and then snuggled together in their bed, starting to talk about names in a very general way, now that they knew she was a little girl. They slept very well before their return to London the next day. They both dreamed of their daughter, floating serenely in her plastic and metal womb.
"Is this one of your brother's little side projects, hmm? What does he want from us for the access to this new ability?" he asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
~joan
Congratulations! You just let me know, and I will send you dinner or lunch any time, since you may be too busy to cook. I am so happy for you! I think you will be very happy with a little
“I'd really like to get her something, just to make a start... please, John?” He almost jumped out of the cab before it came to a stop. John paid the driver and followed his husband into the shop.
“Of course, that is a great idea. Might as well see what is in store for us as far as what we need to buy - let's see that website, all right, love?” queried John.
When Sherlock heard a faint noise from the bedroom, he got up and went to check on Sheri. She was not yet crying, just shifting about and fussing a bit. Sherlock checked her nappy and picked her up and lay her on the bed to change her. With that problem resolved, he lay her back down in her cot and picked up his violin. John looked in a few minutes later to see their daughter looking content and just about back to sleep, with Sherlock playing softly to her. He didn't think his love noticed that he had come into the room, as he had his eyes closed whilst he played. John took another sneaky photo with his phone and went back to the dining room.
John said, “Sit down, Mycroft - do you want some tea? Mrs. Hudson sent up some freshly-baked chocolate croissants, too. Sherlock is just a bit – erm - over-excited. He has been telling me about his discussion with Dr Stapleton, but I'd like to go over it all again with you, please. This has been amazing news to me! Also, I wanted to thank you - most sincerely - for thinking of us and helping to ease our way into the study. I've wanted children since I was a young man just out of medical school, but then I went into the Army, so that put things off. After Sherlock and I realised we were serious about marriage, we talked at length about the subject. Seeing Sherlock with Greg and Molly's daughter made me realise he wanted a child just as much. It admittedly surprised me as much as it did him, but he is very comfortable with Emily and she adores him as well.”
a surprise - cheers, Mycroft! All right, then - may we contact you in a few hours? I think we'll want to talk about this privately, but I am sure we will be in agreement that we do wish to do this,” John said. He looked over at Sherlock, who had stopped playing and sat in his chair, staring at the fire, as Mycroft left and went down the stairs and out to the waiting car.
Sherlock invites Mrs. Hudson for lunch and some shopping- things go awry
Sherlock retrieved his phone from the desk and texted his brother.
He had settled in the armchair with her and was just starting to rock her and talk to her about her other parent.
had an eventful and exhausting morning and early afternoon. Sherlock answered by diving onto the couch, waiting for John to slide under his head, and turned onto his side, facing John's tummy. John grinned and threw a knitted blanket over his love and was rewarded within a few minutes by Sherlock's soft snoring, (“Of course, I don't snore, John! I don't know where you get these ideas sometimes!”) and settled in to watch Dr. Who.
When they left the train at Exeter, they went to the car rental agency to collect their car. Sherlock had organised it beforehand, so they only had to show a card and pick up the keys. Since Sherlock knew the way, he drove. John never got used to the sight of his husband driving - he always thought of Sherlock as riding in the back of a black cab. Since they had a little way to go, John decided to close his eyes a minute or two. He leaned over to put his head on Sherlock's shoulder, and was asleep in a few minutes.
“Oh, please, John, that is one woman who can make the British Government himself toe the line when she wishes, never underestimate her,” Sherlock said gleefully. “Mycroft won't know what hit him when she decides that it is time for them to have a child of their own. I
Lunch with the Holmes (grand)parents
Word that they were having a child spread quickly, and soon even members of the Met they had only met occasionally, asked how things were going. It seemed the whole world was waiting for news of their daughter. Mummy and Mrs. Hudson were now knitting baby things in pink and other pastel shades, and the little one would never want for warm clothes. Sherlock even tried his hand at knitting, after Mummy gave him some refresher lessons (she had taught both boys when they were younger and trapped inside during a dreadfully cold, rainy summer), and was halfway through a baby blanket in a rainbow of hues. He found it a soothing way to think while working on crime-solving at home, and John was pleased his sweetheart had found something new to occupy his ever-whirling brain. If it kept him out of the lab more often, that was a bonus. In addition, once the baby was here, Sherlock could keep busy with knitting sometimes when the baby was asleep - when he really couldn't be all the way down in 221C. He didn't want to rely on a monitor when he'd be involved in some chemistry experiment and then have to dash upstairs – it was too easy to forego proper hand-washing in favour of hurrying, or to leave something still “brewing” that really shouldn't be left on its own. John knew that Sherlock could easily get distracted sometimes, and if their daughter needed soothing, any experiments would soon be forgotten.
"Well, it's – erm - it's in Dartmoor, at – erm - Baskerville, actually. Dr. Stapleton is in charge of the project, and she thought of us and contacted Mycroft. They have had great success with other mammals, and with other human embryos, but with a male and a female parent until recently. They have been working on the stem cell approach for some time now."
A/N This work was not beta-read, all mistakes are mine. Please leave a comment if you wish! Thanks,
"Come on, John, time for bed - Mycroft will be here disgustingly early, I know he will. I told him eleven, but I know he will appear before then, just for spite. Still, I suppose we'll have to suffer through his tedious explanations and whatnot, or he won't approve us for the study. He really would do anything to avoid being forced to reproduce, even make us happy while he's about it."
Molly and Greg help with getting ready for baby...
While they ate, they talked about what they would tell Mrs. Hudson about the baby. Of course, they had some time, since the process hadn't even started, but they both thought a little more time was better than springing the news on her too late. They decided that they would say they had wanted to try having a child, and would be looking for a suitable woman to be their surrogate, with Mycroft's help. Sherlock knew his older brother could be tediously precise in his interpretation of the laws, but he also loved his little brother and Mrs. Hudson, who often baked some extra for him when she thought he might be stopping by. She was, after all, like their second mother, and always called them “her boys.” The fact that Mrs. Hudson would never actually see the woman was not all that odd, for them.
development. Molly had also brought the lab equipment catalogue, and Sherlock was very excited to start looking through it – but not until the next day, John admonished his husband.
naughty lingerie and stilettos, something he had done recently for a case. (And as with everything, he was bloody good at it, the prat!) That made him smile even more.
in one of Mycroft's long black cars. John noticed that Anthea wore her engagement ring, and everyone congratulated the couple. Mycroft actually looked happy, and was more relaxed than John had ever seen him. Apparently, Anthea was agreeing with him. Mummy caught John's eye and winked at him - obviously, she thought so, too.
The next day was a clinic day for John. Sherlock decided to make a list of things they would need to get the downstairs flat converted into a lab. It was actually an idea he and John had tossed around a bit before they had found out about the baby project, since it would make so much more sense to have all his experiments together where they wouldn't be disturbed and where they didn't interfere with their kitchen/bathtub – well, the general consensus was – the lab should be moved elsewhere than in 221B. Mycroft had offered to assume the added costs, so it only remained to order a real lab table and stools, an incubator, fridge, and centrifuge. Sherlock's mind was full of the equipment and glassware he needed to make it a really functional lab. Maybe he could ask Molly to bring him a catalogue from one of the manufacturers the hospital used - he liked that idea, and texted her to bring it to dinner that evening. She replied that she would, and added that if he came to the lab the following Tuesday, she would probably have some eyes for him. The eye bank at Moorfield's Hospital had some "expired" donations, and Molly had secured some for him. He spent a few minutes in his mind palace, planning experiments - but soon surfaced to focus on the list, and decided anything further could wait until he had the catalogue in hand.
Sherlock beamed at these words of enthusiasm from John - he had worried about whether he would be good at parenting a newborn, especially. But since John knew about them, he could teach Sherlock what he needed to learn, and then he would, of course, be able to handle it - why, ordinary people did it all the time! And Molly and Greg trusted him with little Emily; he loved going over to theirs and playing with her and seeing what she had learnt. She was the smartest baby he had ever known - not that he'd paid attention before, really... but of course, Molly was brilliant in her own right and Greg was - not bad - for a Scotland Yarder. (And at least, now he was visiting them more often, Sherlock could - usually - remember Lestrade's Christian name.)
"I am happy. I'm just a little - no, a lot - shocked, that's all. This could be brilliant, love - just think - a baby - or more than one, who would really be ours! And not by reason that one of us would be the biological father, but that both of us - I can't quite believe this is real...okay, I know I am babbling here, but it all seems a bit like a science fiction novel," John let go of Sherlock and sat down on the couch. Sherlock promptly sat beside him and grabbed his hand, looking intently at his beloved.
This work was not beta-read, all mistakes aremine alone. Enjoy!
Mycroft's face lit up, and he added, “I think that is a wonderful idea, John. I am sure we could arrange a private session here at the flat, if it would be more agreeable to you,” knowing Sherlock would probably spend half the time deducing and dismissing the other parents-to-be, and the other half being self-conscious.
The visit at the Holmes grandparents continues
Greg and Molly showed up one afternoon and brought them a gift- it was a beautiful new pushchair/car seat combination, which would convert to a simple pushchair after the baby could sit up. It had a large area under the seat where they could store extra baby things, and – and this amused Sherlock and John no end - a cup holder on the handle. It was perfect for taking long walks in Regent's Park nearby, and they envisioned lots of happy times there, showing the sights and ducks to their little one. They immediately emailed Anthea so she could cross those items off her list. John suggested keeping the base in the entrance corridor of 221B, and Mrs. Hudson agreed.
“This one may be more appropriate for wearing for a longer time, or outside if it is chilly weather - although the wrap can keep her quite warm. It's a bit easier to put on and adjust with Sheri in it than the wrap - I thought that John might prefer this one, but we'll see what he thinks,” he said, twirling his husband around once he had fastened all of the straps and buckles. Mrs. Hudson grinned at this, seeing the detective and John dashing out the door, with their daughter in the pack, in her mind's eye. She hoped that DI Lestrade and the gang were ready for Sherlock plus his daughter all at once!
Thanks to all who have commented and followed along with this story- it truly means a lot to me,
This work was not beta-read, so all mistakes are mine alone. I hope you are enjoying this adventure as much as I have enjoyed writing it. Please leave a comment if you have! Thanks,
“Well, you've really knocked us for six ! That's the last thing I expected to hear tonight - but I am so happy for you! I honestly can't think of anyone I'd rather see start a family, than you two. Mols and I will be happy to help if there is any way at all that we can.” Greg said, beaming. He clapped Sherlock on the back a few times, remembering the scrawny, drugged-up teenager he first met years ago. What a long way he had come...
Sherlock had already sussed out the location of baby girls' clothing and was making a beeline for it. By the time John got there, he was busily searching through the clothes, and had amassed a small pile on the table in front of him. The area he was searching at present was full of sleep-suits. Sherlock had put aside ones in turquoise, pink, and peach, and was looking at others as John walked over to him, after sneaking a photo on his mobile. They ended up with a half dozen in various shades and prints, then Sherlock headed for the dresses.
Angelo was delighted to see them, as always. The place was quiet, since it was still a bit early for the bulk of the dinner crowd. John sat down and looked at the menu, although he knew what he wanted. He loved anything that Angelo made, and knew that cooking for them was his delight when they came in. When Angelo offered to make them something special, John said yes, and Sherlock ordered one of his usual dishes, pasta with a light marinara sauce and a salad. Since they had been together, Sherlock did make more of an effort to eat better and more often, a new trait for which John was grateful. Only if there was a case numbering high on his arbitrary scale, would Sherlock go back to his ways of skipping meals, and it showed in the fact that his ribs were not always threatening to poke through his shirts, although he remained a slim man. John had a feeling once the baby was here, Sherlock would be glad for a chance to have coffee and a meal. John knew that
They arrived at Baskerville an hour early on Tuesday. As they got out of their rental car, Mycroft was just coming through the gates in his usual black sedan. He was all smiles as he saw his brother and brother-in-law. Sherlock was pretty much wired, and looked like he had ingested about 6 cups of strong coffee already. John was, as usual, calmer, and took Sherlock's hand and patted it, trying to quiet him down a bit. They all went through the entrance to the ectogenesis labs and were greeted by Dr. Stapleton. A paediatrician and two nurses were also on hand to receive the baby and do initial checks and stabilisation if any was needed. John had a bag with their clothes for the next couple of days and the baby's things that they would need. They placed the bag in the room they'd be staying in after the birth, and changed into scrubs, all three of them. They had previously spoken with the staff about feeding, and had purchased the type of bottles they recommended. The formula itself would be produced and provided by Baskerville. Mycroft had arranged to have it picked up and delivered to Baker Street every month.
As for Sherlock, he only took cases he could solve by phone or computer, or ones where Greg brought over the crime scene photos and what evidence they had gathered. On occasion, Greg or Anderson had him view the crime scene via computer, which was more helpful than he might have supposed. He had vowed to be the primary caregiver for Sheri, and the cases were secondary to that. He was already spending some time each day teaching her about the world.
Once Sheri was about two and a half, and growing like a weed - she would apparently inherit Sherlock's height, which was a good thing according to both her parents, Sherlock started teaching her about music - the notes, time signatures, etc. - all the basics. By the time she turned three, she started learning the violin. John was entranced at seeing her - still so tiny to him - with her little violin and bow, studying her Papa and trying to follow him as exactly as she could. Unsurprisingly, she was very good at it, and was soon playing extremely well for a child twice her age.
“Hush, John - you know I only forgot to label a specimen twice - or so...” Sherlock said, slightly put out by the comment. “Oh, and Mrs. H, could you please not mention it to anyone yet? We're going to tell my parents and John's sister as soon as we've decided on a surrogate - it may take a little time to find the right person.”
Two man and a baby - erm - toddler
"So, then, I take it that you are in favour of this arrangement? No reservations? Even with the prospect of my brother having his fingers in the process - although we can be assured that he will be certain everything possible will be done to achieve a success; if only because it will relieve him from the onerous duty of having to actually produce an offspring of his own - even by this method," Sherlock also dissolved into another fit of giggles at the thought of Mycroft handling an infant on his own. "He'd probably need to create a whole new government division to deal with it."
His other half looked brighter at the mention of classes. “That would be a brilliant idea - and the private ones, please. Then we can ask all the questions we want and not seem to be - erm- ill-suited to be parents by other pupils, and we won't be surrounded by idiots. Also, there is the fact that, although we are hardly the first same-sex parents to have a child, some still find it odd and/or distasteful, and I - ”
"Really, brother - you haven't done this in a long while. What was it today?" asked Mycroft, with his usual concerned look.
“What do you think about calling Dr. Stapleton and trying for twins this time round?” Sherlock said softly, his head down, looking up at John through his lashes.
The next day, John and Sherlock took a hike around the moor, noting the lack of “hound” stories and sightings. The moor was still wildly beautiful, although as Henry Knight said, quite bleak. They were happy to spy some of the moor ponies and took photos of them.
It was soon time for lunch. Sherlock checked on Sheri, and saw that she was fast asleep, so he joined the rest of the family. John and Sherlock had some of Mummy's excellent potato soup - it was one of Sherlock's favourites - and another cup of decaf tea with honey. After the meal, he and Mycroft washed and dried the dishes as per their usual when at their parents' home. The brothers then joined the rest of the family in the lounge, where a discussion of what film to watch started. The ladies won and put on
“Thanks, Mycroft – that means a lot to me. I know I spent a ridiculous amount of time denying my feelings at first, but he really has been the best thing to come along in my life, too,” John replied. “He may still be an idiot at times, but he is
Sherlock and John were taken on a tour of the stem cell division and they observed several artificial wombs in the process of gestating an animal, and in one case, a human baby. They were both fascinated by the process, asked lots of questions, and thanked everyone when the tour was over. They then drove to the Cross Keys, where they had stayed before when they were investigating the hound. Gary and Billy were pleased to see them again, and this time they had a double room with a bath. After being poked and prodded for what seemed like days, both were ready for a shower and then dinner in their room.
At three and a half, Sheri started ballet - and Sherlock was the worst stage father there ever was, driving some of the other parents round the twist with his micro-managing of the ballet school's recitals. But, he also provided snacks and offered to help with scenery and costumes, and whatever else he could, so earned back a few points by his volunteering. He was excellent at sweeping back Sheri's long curls into a bun, and taught the other parents the most efficient way to do it. This alone earned him back any status he had lost with them.
“I think Anthea is just the sort of woman that my brother needs in his life - she won't let him walk over her, I can tell you! She is equal to the challenge,” replied Sherlock, grinning at John as he finished talking. He placed Sheri in a small reclining seat on the table, so she could see what was happening, and buckled her in safely.
“Yes, she must have been getting tired, she settled down quite quickly for me,” his husband replied, going out to the kitchen and getting a cup of herbal tea with honey. He was hoping to get some sleep tonight, and wanted to keep away from caffeine the rest of the day.
"That's all right, dear - it's all a bit daunting to think about, isn't it? You've plenty of time, don't pressure yourself too much. We'll just browse through today, and make some notes as we go along.
Sherlock also took Sheri on trips to the museums that were in such abundance in London. He spoke to her about the exhibits as if she were older, reasoning that she would retain these things when she was older if introduced to them as a baby. The other patrons were amused at the young father teaching his daughter about paintings, ancient artefacts, and the like. The zoo, the aquarium, the poison garden at Alnwick (he had arranged a weekend trip for all three of them to Northumberland, and John was greatly amused at the serious way Sherlock explained all the plants to their daughter, telling her the symptoms they each produced and the antidotes for them – were all places to teach her, and Sherlock relished any chance to do that. They also visited the tree-house while they were there - although that was more for John, who said he'd love to build a small one for Sheri when she was older - probably up at his parents' place in Gloucestershire.
John had noticed that when Sheri was approaching four, Sherlock seemed to be more and more preoccupied with something. He didn't say anything to John, but was obviously thrashing something about in that great brain, until John just cornered him one night and asked him outright. Sherlock avoided looking into his face and tried to change the subject, but John was adamant that he
Sherlock and John went shopping for a mobile to hang above the cot once they saw where Sally was headed with her designs. They actually found a place that would make custom mobiles, and took Sally with them so that she could draw out the patterns for the animals they wanted on the mobile. The result, once it was finished, was a gorgeous representation of her work. After talking with Molly and Greg, they decided to hang it above the changing area so that she would have a distraction when she was being changed. Playing the song whilst changing nappies was a reasonable thing to do, but playing it repeatedly if she got accustomed to it before she would go off to sleep was not something they wished to start. They decided to order two mobiles, the extra one for the changing table in their room. They selected 'Für Elise' for the song the mobile played.
~joan
"That is a good idea, as well, John. Not to mention we can include some classical music in general, for the baby to listen to during the day. It is so much more soothing to tender ears, and some say that listening to classical music, especially Mozart, helps the developing brain" Sherlock added.
“Yes, Mummy, she is doing very well, and has been cooperative to the letter with her instructions as to the pregnancy. We were fortunate to have Mycroft help us to select a suitable woman. We're both very pleased,” Sherlock replied. “The scan photo is quite clear, isn't it? I didn't know we would be able to see so much detail at this stage.”
~joan
The following Monday, Sherlock and John were on a train to Dartmoor. Sherlock spent the first part of the journey complaining about the patchy wi-fi, until John commandeered his mobile and told him to get some tea and sleep, in that order. The detective grudgingly complied, but was soon asleep huddled in his coat, with his head on John's shoulder. John sighed in relief at the silence, and went back to reading his Kindle in relative peace. Not surprisingly, Sherlock was up most of the night before they left, sawing away at the violin.
. Maybe Molly could help him with a more comprehensive listing of the essential items, so he could be sure they had the important things, as well as some that had proven to be especially useful to her and Greg. He wanted so much to be a good parent, and was soon obsessing in his oh – so –
John slept straight through until the next time Sheri woke up, which made Sherlock happy. He had fed her, changed her again, and after placing her carefully in the cot, he also lay down and returned to sleep. At least they had got some sleep their first night as parents - he was sure that wouldn't always be the case.
“I see no problem with that, as long as you say that you have arranged to have a child using a surrogate, which is not completely a lie. When we know who will provide the sperm cells, you will know what to say as far as that goes if you wish to divulge that much information. Thank you for bringing that up; it will make things seem more – err – mundane - than it actually will be.
( several weeks later, in Baker Street)
baby talk, since her father's expression of horror stopped that after one try.
Major changes have been set in motion in 221B- and elsewhere...
“All right, John, I'll tell you. Erm – I've been thinking...” Sherlock began.
The next thing Sherlock was aware of, was John shaking him – again - and telling him that dinner was ready. Sherlock stumbled into the bathroom and then out to the kitchen where John had made them toasted cheese sandwiches with chips. He'd slept for nearly two hours- ridiculous in the middle of the day! Oh, well, it couldn't be helped now, he supposed, and tucked into his dinner.
“That much is painfully obvious, even to an idiot like me, love,” John replied, smirking.
much,” Sherlock snapped, then finished as quickly as he could and left - and did not visit a scene again unless there were very unusual circumstances. After that, when he showed up with Sheri, no one said a word except to greet them both and talk with her -
Sheri started to cry, and John took her from Anthea, going back to see if she needed changing again. After her nappy change, he tried to get her to settle, but Sheri wouldn't stop crying. John sat in the rocker and rocked, talking to her, gently singing an old lullaby, but nothing seemed to work, and she was soon wailing louder than he had yet heard her. After a few minutes, Sherlock appeared in the doorway with a concerned look.
“I can see you've held a little one before,” commented the nurse, smiling as she watched Sherlock holding Sheri. At his and John's quizzical expressions, she explained. “Men usually hold a baby, especially their first, with their hands. Women, and men who are used to children, reach for them with, and hold them in their arms. You reached out your arms for her. Well done - I can see you'll make a good father!”
With Mrs. Hudson safely back in 221A; Sherlock, John, and Mycroft walked up the stairs to the flat. Sherlock still felt embarrassed about the panic attack he had experienced, and sat down at his place at the kitchen table very meekly. John set to heating up some of the vegetable soup he had made the day before, knowing his husband loved soup, and could usually be coaxed to eat a decent portion. He had some crusty rolls in as well, and placed a couple of those on the table, with butter and jam. When the kettle switched itself off, he poured the tea for all three of them. To John's surprise, Mycroft accepted his invitation to join them for the meal. He set a third place, thankful that none of Sherlock's experiments were on the table at this time.
“ I do think that asking Molly and Greg would be a great first step in knowing the main things we'll need. There are so many items out there, and I'm sure some are much more practical than others. Also, Sherlock - what would you think about some basic parenting classes for the both of us? I think they could be invaluable to us, since we have not been around that many young babies for any length of time. I am sure we can find some near here,” John suggested.
Both John and Sherlock were pleased by this, as they really didn't want to move house if possible. Mrs. Hudson
“Well, are you ready to meet your little one today?” she asked them.
Mrs. Hudson was enjoying herself, too. She and Violet had been neighbours when they were both still single, and she had known Sherlock since he was a baby himself. She spent a few minutes catching up with her friend Violet on the news in their lives. She was clearly happy to be included among the family, as Sheri's honorary grandmother.
“My little angel, I have to tell you about your Papa. He is the most brilliant man, and one of the most exasperating at times, but never doubt for a second that he loves you with his whole heart. He is quirky, and can tell you 57 ways to open a lock without a key - or about 243 types of cigarette ash.
John replied, “Of course, I don't - I am not even pretending that I am a Catholic any more, really. There is no reason for a third name unless we find one we absolutely love.”
just tell her that they had decided to try for a child, and then that they had found a surrogate - ? That would probably work well.
Out in the sitting room, John could hardly believe it when their daughter stopped crying just a few minutes after Sherlock took her. He'd have to ask him what he tried, so he'd know for the next time. Sherlock was certainly doing a fine job of parenting - of course, he was keenly observant – perhaps he had noted something about Sheri that John hadn't. He shook it off mentally - no use worrying about it now, she was settled. As he was thinking this, Sherlock returned to the group.
Molly offered to watch Sheri if they ever needed to go to a crime scene, which Sherlock appreciated, but was oddly not so anxious to do as he once would have been. He was content to do as he had been, viewing it on the computer or from photos, with Greg bringing over the facts on the case to Baker Street.
(See the end of the chapter for
was a behaviour that would need to be modified when they had a baby in the flat! (Of course, Sherlock would probably just go up to the roof and play – or use a mute) At any rate, John was glad that Sherlock was getting some sleep now, as he would be less aggravated by the paperwork and physicals, etc., that lay ahead for both of them.
John and Sherlock admonished Angelo to keep all this under his hat until they knew officially that the time had come, and he agreed, still grinning. “Well, at least we know that we won't have to cook every day,” John said, smiling. “And I suppose it will usually be on days you are expected to provide a meal for us, eh, love?” Sherlock tried (and failed spectacularly) to look innocent, and grinned back at his husband, a real smile, which so few ever saw. John thought he would cook every day of their lives if he could bring that smile to Sherlock's face more often (but he'd never tell Sherlock that, the git!) and they finished their pudding and coffee, and left, walking back to Baker Street hand in hand.
Seeing his husband's crestfallen face, John smiled at his husband. “Of course, that will be fine, Sherlock. I didn't really have a preference, and this way we are decided. We'll have a fine-looking, genius child either way with your DNA included, I am certain. This is getting really exciting now, isn't it? I'm just over the moon, love, and I know you are as well - just don't get caught up in those doubts that your brain is feeding you, all right?”
As he unfolded it, they could see it was some sort of a sack to hold an infant in. It was black and had a set of straps that adjusted and buckled around the wearer in either the front or on the back. Sherlock also spent some time adjusting this and trying it on John, nodding as he did so.
At this, John suddenly caught on, and started smiling, his face lighting up with happiness and he realised what his sweetheart was hinting at. “Erm, yes, Sherlock? Is there something you wanted to ask me about those two embryos just 'sitting there'?” he said, pulling his husband over for a kiss.
my boys, after all! You may have as many as you can fit into the place, if you wish! And, there is always 221C - I know it had a problem with damp and mould, but as you both know, I had it all fixed up last year. It would be fine for a lab, that way your experiments won't be anywhere near where a child could get into them.”
“You may both be present at the birth, naturally. If all is well, the child can go home with you in 72 hours. Except for brief evaluations, you will have the infant with you at all times. You will be given a set of instructions as to type of formula, vitamin supplements, and a few other things to maintain the integrity of the project. All regular exams and vaccinations will be done at a government-approved paediatrician's office. You will be given a set of the documents at each visit, so you can have a complete health record. Weekly measurements of the child's growth, nutrition, and similar evaluations can be performed at your flat, by you. We would, of course, provide you with the forms already created to keep the measurements, and you would bring them to the paediatrician when the child is seen for immunisations and the like.
Anthea smiled beside him and stage-whispered, “Not to worry, Sherlock, he does it, too,” which occasioned a huge grin from the younger Holmes sibling, who winked at her conspiratorially. Her fiancé made a face at her at being outed.
"Well, I couldn't very well just tell you - it wouldn't have made much of an anniversary gift that way, would it?"
“Yes, that is essentially what they have accomplished so far. They use skin cells and create a whole line of stem cells, so that they are available later if need be. In future, this may have some far-reaching applications in the case of injury or disease for either of you, of course. But, for the present, they are able to create egg cells from either person and then use the sperm cells from the other. They very carefully monitor which parent provides which cell, so that the child will definitely be from both parents.”
where you were when you said you were in Cardiff!" replied John.
“Sherlock, love, calm down a bit, hmm? Why don't you go over and play the violin a moment and give me a chance to ask some medical questions I have? And not that chicken-scratching you do - some proper music, please,” John said quietly, in a tone that implied no stroppy tantrums would be tolerated right now. Sherlock huffed through his nose and flounced to the other side of the room and got out his Strad and rosined the bow after tightening it, then started playing a soft melody whilst staring out the window at the foot traffic.
He needn't have worried. Mrs. Hudson jumped up and gave him a big hug, followed by one for John. “Oh, Sherlock, that is wonderful! I just know you'll be such good parents – awww - that's lovely!” she responded, tearing up a bit. “Of course, you may continue to live here - I'd not have you anywhere else. Besides, this way, I'll have grandchildren - you
Thank you for the kudos and comments- all are appreciated- enjoy!
Sherlock grinned at this, saying to John, “Well, that's one thing taken care of, courtesy of my brother's soon-to-be fiancée. He must really be afraid he'll have to become a father sooner rather than later. And to think he once told me that sex shouldn't alarm
"All right, then, love - just wanted to be sure we are on the same page. Besides, keeping records of everything the baby does or eats or every word that issues forth, should keep even you busy enough. Well, then - do you phone up your brother to tell him we agree?"
“Ahh, yes - Sherlock will be 'Papa' and I will be 'Daddy'. We both chose what we wished to be called,” answered John. “Both are also easy for her to learn to say, when she starts talking.”
“Oh, do you mean The Cabbage Patch? That was the one we really liked the best – did you want to stop in, love?”
When the couple arrived back in Baker Street, they decided they would arrange a visit to Sherlock's parents, who had purchased a flat in Kensington earlier that year, whilst keeping their home in Gloucestershire. Violet and Siger were very pleased to hear from them, and excited to see the pictures. Violet told them that they could come tomorrow - she would be fixing her roast chicken with all the trimmings - a meal that they both looked forward to eating. Sherlock asked if she would be making his favourite for pudding - banoffee pie - and grinned when he received her answer in the affirmative.
When they got the call that all was ready, they selected a Tuesday morning and made reservations at the Cross Keys for the night before, as they would be staying at Baskerville for the remaining time until they could take their daughter home. The Tuesday planning was to accommodate Mycroft's schedule, as he wanted to be present, and Sherlock and John could not refuse after he had been so instrumental in facilitating their entry into the study.
Sally brought a set of videos especially made for young babies, that had bright colours and a theme such as animals, flowers, birds - things that would attract her interest. The were each accompanied by classical music, which Sherlock appreciated. It also gave him a few minutes to do household tasks whilst she watched them, something he sorely needed some days.
Anthea giggled and Mycroft tried very hard to look annoyed, but failed. Sherlock snickered at Mycroft and Anthea, then Mummy and Dad were smiling as well – having a bit of fun at his big brother's expense was always good as far as Sherlock was concerned.
“All right?” John asked.
They walked through the door behind Sherlock, who of course knew exactly where to go, and wound their way through several lab areas until they reached the ectogenesis device. Inside, floating and looking adorable (Okay, John admitted to himself, he was a tiny bit biased), was a baby girl, eyes closed and fingers and hands clenched tightly at the moment. Her skin was very red, the blood vessels showing through. She was a bit larger than an avocado, he'd estimate. Her nails were just beginning to form (he could see her toes), and there were faint lines on her scalp where hair would soon be growing, but no colour could be determined as yet. She was listening to Sherlock's violin and seeming to enjoy it, (well, maybe John was reading a bit into it) swaying slightly in the liquid surrounding her. Her eyes were nearly at the front of her face, and John knew they would soon settle into their permanent places. Her nose was still a small nub, so the shape couldn't be guessed very accurately - at this point, it might look like either of their noses. Her mouth opened and closed occasionally, and her legs moved in the liquid also. John knew that if this were a 'normal' pregnancy, that the first kicks would soon be felt. She was absolutely gorgeous, he thought.
Mycroft looked back at his niece and smiled. “Indeed, she is, John. I think I will leave you alone for a while and get some tea - do you want me to send you anything now?”
At this, John and Sherlock just smiled - they had noticed small things like her nose and the way her face crinkled when she was irritated - it was all John. They were so pleased that there were signs of both her parents in Sheri, and they were sure to notice more as time went by.
Preparing for a visit from  Mycroft
They started the baby care classes in 221B. Their teacher was called Annabelle, with 20 years' experience in newborn nursery at the local hospital before she branched out into teaching. Annabelle brought a wealth of information as well as a whole range of products that they would soon be using daily. They spent time learning how to make up formula from powder, how to sterilise bottles, how to put a nappy on properly (Sherlock was actually fairly adept at this task, having changed Emily for Molly several times), basic safety concerns, and so much more. They also learned how to bath the baby, how to most easily and safely dress her (some of these baby things had amazingly intricate fastenings), and ways of soothing and comforting her when she inevitably became fussy. By the end of the eight sessions, they felt much more ready to deal with the myriad of new tasks which lay ahead. Annabelle left them with her contact information, and said she would be available for any 'emergency' calls.
“Not a chance, brother mine,” Mycroft piped up, arching one brow. “We are on to you now.”
Thank for all the kudos and comments- please leave a comment if you wish.
“Possibly, John, possibly. May I hold her and give her the rest of her feed?” asked Sherlock, his eyes locked on the baby.
“Then, we seem to agree, yes? You will receive updates, and can check in anytime via computer, and can visit, with a phone call ahead of time, to arrange a time and date. That is all in keeping with your interest as the parents of the child, and in the interests of the project, as well,” Mycroft said, standing to leave. “I'll have the final papers drawn up, and arrange for you both to travel to Baskerville so your tissue samples can be taken. This can get under way quite quickly, now that all this has been decided. I'll text you and return with the papers, or send Anthea with them, and you will be issued passwords for the Baskerville website, as well as identification badges for the facility.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I'm so happy so many have enjoyed this adventure with the boys- please leave a comment if you wish. Thanks,
While he was saying this, his little brother had gradually walked quietly back to the table and sat, helping himself to tea and a croissant. He was listening attentively.
Mycroft also had seconds, and complimented the chef. “I had no idea you were such a good cook, John. This was very nice indeed. I seldom get a chance for a meal made at home. It's a talent neither of us have ever been much good at, I'm afraid. I did have a cook, but I am so often working late that I thought it silly to keep her on.”
Sally Donovan was upstairs, painting the baby's room with a sylvan scene. They had decided on woodland animals, and Sally was having a great time populating the room with lots of tiny creatures, each one friendly and smiling. Sherlock and John could not begin to tell her how much they liked the results. It looked exactly as they had hoped, and they were over the moon. The top of the room was a light blue, with fluffy cumulus clouds floating overhead randomly across the ceiling. Philip Anderson would add the sticky glow-stars after the painting was complete, as he was quite the astronomy aficionado and could place constellations properly in the “sky” for them.
“Oh, lovely!” said a voice from the entrance to the corridor and the bedrooms. They were surprised to see Mrs. Hudson, who had come early to be there when the trio arrived. “Let me see the little angel!” She walked forward and held out her arms to Siger, who relinquished Sheri to her. She walked over and sat down in the chair opposite John, cooing at the baby.
make a decision – eventually!
(See the end of the chapter for
The next morning, John awakened with a start. He hadn't heard the baby at all in the night – oh, no! Why hadn't he heard her? He was going to be a rubbish father if he couldn't even wake up when their daughter cried... When he turned over and got his eyes open properly, his heart racing, he saw Sherlock sitting in the rocking chair, with Sheri on one shoulder, rocking her gently.
“Oh, Sherlock – John – a little girl - and she's lovely! What a nice surprise - is the surrogate, um - feeling well, and everything?” she asked, not quite knowing what to say.
“It's no trouble at all, we'll just pop over in the next few days and do it then, and send them over to the surrogate,” Sherlock answered his mother with a grin, as he realised how happy that had made her. He kept the discussion of the possibilities of another child to himself for now - best see how they got on with just Sheri!
, or broken rice, with pork and egg, and
settled on a third name, however, because they both loved it, and couldn't discard it.
"Sherlock - are you feeling all right now, love? What was it, hmm?" asked John at almost the same instant, his trained eyes searching for any deviations from normal.
~joan
~joan
when they thought about it. When they rang her up to tell her, she was very vocal with her praise about the names, saying she had expected more of a problem. John just said that he forbade Sherlock from anything too outrageous or in old Anglo-Saxon, or any of a dozen other lists his husband may have drawn from. Violet hummed and said that John certainly knew how to deal with Sherlock, and then asked to speak to her youngest.
“Thank you, it's a great idea,” answered John. “I've wanted his experiments moved out of the flat for ages now, and 221C would be perfect for that. Sherlock could get in the equipment he needs to make it a proper lab, and we'd be able to have only FOOD in our fridge!”
Before Mycroft left, John thought of several other questions for him, mostly about the check-ups he would give the baby, in between the “official” checks at the paediatrician and the military facility. Mycroft also assured him that the birth registration would be no problem, and he would see that it was taken care of properly. Everything seemed agreeable, and Mycroft finally left, his umbrella tapping down each step. As they heard the outer door closing, the ever-present black car appeared to whisk him away again.
would - he'd had enough friends with children to know chances for a bit of peace and quiet were rare with a little one. He couldn't wait!
Later, the Holmes parents phoned back, and again wanted to see and hear all about what Sheri was doing and how her evaluations went. John assured them that everything was normal and that she was eating well, and everything seemed to be working properly, as changing her many nappies proved. Mummy was knitting yet another small jumper and leggings set for the cooler weather ahead. Sherlock and John were quite amused, and said that Sheri would be the most fashionable child ever seen in London at this rate. Mummy just grinned, pleased and so happy for her boys. Since John had no family left except for Harry, who drifted in and out of his life as her addiction problems waxed and waned, the Holmes parents had informally “adopted” John, besides welcoming him as Sherlock's spouse. John was at first a bit overwhelmed by this, as he had never expected to be so loved by his in-laws, but he soon adjusted and enjoyed the family interaction he had so sorely missed after his parents had passed.
“You’ve rather shown your hand there,” Sherlock quipped, unable to stop the grin that tugged at the corners of his lips. He heard John’s intake of breath - the man was likely close to an aggravated outburst - but he must have caught sight of the smile on Sherlock’s face, because the air escaped him in a puff before he let out a dry, soft chuckle.
The men fall into companionable silence for a long couple of moments before Sherlock lets out a breath. “I suppose I should-”
instead of a fucking ambulance. And she told me if I called an ambulance she’d run away from the car.” He rolls his eyes and shakes his head at Sherlock. “The two of you would get along brilliantly.”
” Sherlock reiterated, beginning to seethe under the gaze which was growing impossibly more amused with each passing moment, but the amusement turned to regular cheer in the DI’s eyes when the back door of the car opened again and John climbed into the back seat with a small grunt of effort. The doctor sighed as he settled and shut the door.
“I was invited,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock grinned. John’s lips mirrored it.
“It’s proof of your resilience,” he began, “and of your vitality. Look,” he gestured, and John followed Sherlock’s pale fingers with his eyes as he brushed along the scar tissue. “Scarring; proof of healing. A body that heals is a body that is alive and fighting,” he said, each word falling reverently from his lips. John let out a shaky breath. “Proof of bravery,” the man continued, pressing his palm flat against the gnarled, pink flesh of the exit wound. “Proof of the battles you’ve fought.”
“He’s with me.”
This time around, Sherlock’s blush was clearly visible. The young man’s cheeks reddened, his eyes widened and flitted to look at the floor, and he cleared his throat awkwardly before looking back up at John, lips slightly pursed. He looked between the doctor’s eyes, as if searching for something - any sign of deception or untruth in his words. But his search was in vain, if the small, shy smile on Sherlock’s lips was anything to go by. “I- thank you,” he said, and John had a feeling those were not words that he exercised often.
-And froze.
He took a step forward, acting as though he wasn’t heeding Pavel’s warning. The large man gave an apathetic snort, and pulled the trigger.
” Sherlock countered lowly.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows a fraction. “Academic and sports scholarship?” he asked, already knowing the answer.
John Watson, who’d dressed Sherlock in warm, dry clothes, who’d no doubt made a point to take his vitals and watch over him to be sure he wasn’t in danger of perishing, who’d made Sherlock tea and had sat at the kitchen table with him, quipping about tea and yoghurt and honey as if it were any other late morning.
Sherlock felt it too. They were both in the same boat in those violently thrashing waters… except, no, the waters weren’t so violent when he and Sherlock were sharing the ship. No; in fact, the waters were clear. Still. Blue, and deep as the depths of John’s
After a brief period of shuffling between the items in Sherlock’s hands, the man spoke. “Lockpick set,” he said, and turned on a small torch with a quiet
While he was taking tentative sips, John looked idly around the small break room that he’d led them to; there were a couple round tables surrounded by chairs and a bit of counter space lining one wall, upon which sat a coffee pot, an electric kettle, and various fixings for tea and coffee. Sherlock noticed when he looked across the room that John had put the electric kettle on while fetching his water.
Hope you enjoy!
“Well, yes-” John started, but stopped, and tilted his head. “But they weren’t very nice men, were they?”
“I’ve made you uncomfortable,” the doctor answered, and opened his mouth to speak further, but Sherlock wouldn’t have it.
I really am sorry for my absence, but I thank you all for sticking with me. Seriously. I'm just happy that people are reading my story at all.
“You’ve got a girlfriend, Greg,” she chastised teasingly, “keep your tongue in your head.”
John pinched the bridge of his nose and groaned softly to himself.
The detective made his way over to the desk, and pointed at the ash tray. “Belomorkanal.”
He tilts his head to place a responding kiss to the top of John’s head, smiling against the soft, greying blond of his hair.
John, for his part, left her to her devices and returned to his small office to sit at his desk. He glanced at the chair where the a brilliant, yet snarky young man had been seated mere minutes before, and let out a slow breath. Try as he might, the doctor couldn’t help but feel a pang of regret at how short-lived their acquaintanceship had been. Sherlock. An interesting name, certainly, but John found it quite fitting, from what he had come to know of the young man. An interesting name for an interesting person. Unfortunately, it didn’t look as though he would get to see him again.
Greg’s eyebrows receded into his hairline. “Well you already look like you’ve fucking
“Guess I have,” John mumbled, and Sherlock took the opportunity to turn his head once more to glance at the older man. The roses of their cheeks were matching shades of crimson, and Sherlock’s quirky grin prompted a shy counterpart to blossom on John’s face. Something in Sherlock’s chest tightened and relaxed in tandem; he didn’t normally do these things. He had no experience in this. He knew enough to know this wasn’t typical, shedding light on the existence of affections past the platonic realm in a small break room in a police station with someone who used to sort of be your therapist. However, while the setting and timing of it all was rather unorthodox and probably a bit not-ideal for the average person, Sherlock found he didn’t mind in the slightest.
Enjoy!
Sherlock froze and turned where he was crouched. “What?”
“I’m beginning to suspect that this has less to do with assuaging your doubts, and more to do with stroking your ego.”
He hit the floor and Pavel nearly climbed on top of him, one red-stained hand clutching at the front of his jacket while the other rose high in the air, and with a grunt, he let it fly, channelling his weight and his devastation at the loss of his brother into the punch. And John felt the devastation as the man’s knuckles hit him square in the face. The doctor gave a wordless yelp and shoved both of his hands at Pavel’s neck, attempting to strangulate, or at least divert the man for a moment, but while John was undoubtedly strong, Pavel was
“Gavin,” Sherlock snapped.
After a beat, Sherlock cleared his throat and looked away. “Well. That’s not what people normally say.”
“Stop staring at my arse,” Mary murmured at her own reflection, words holding no bite, and John laughed.
Sherlock found himself grinning back. “I suppose,” he agreed. “Regardless, I’m sorry to have caused you this inconvenience.”
The fifteen-minute ride from New Scotland Yard to Battersea Park elapsed faster than Sherlock had anticipated; but, eager as he was, he hardly waited for the cab to come to a stop next to the kerb before he threw the door open and all but leapt out of the taxi, breaking into a purposeful stride across the pavement towards the park, much to the dismay of John if the startled noise of disapproval behind him was anything to go by. A few short moments later and the quick rhythm of John’s trainers falling against the pavement neared him as the man jogged to catch up.
With that, please read, be merry, and do not hesitate to leave your thoughts in the comments. You know; stroke my ego and all that rubbish. See you on the flip side!
At that moment, his mobile pinged in his hand, and as he unlocked it and read the message that had come through, he smiled beamingly. “We’re in luck,” he said cheerfully, “it would appear that our contact has answers.”
John went into action, some part of him wanting to impress the brilliant man across from him; his gloved hands went to Blessington’s thick neck, tugging lightly on the rope and pushing aside the flesh to glimpse at the superficial abrasions underneath, caused by the rope. The rope was thick, and therefore hadn’t really cut into the skin. One bulging eye was open, pupil dilated, staring blankly at the ceiling where the rest of the rope was hung. His face was pale with a blueish tint that was most prominent in his lips, with a dried trail of saliva trailing out of one side of his mouth down towards his chin and neck. John reached out to part the man’s lips to peek into his mouth, and pursed his own lips with a small nod as he hummed to himself, then, analysis pretty much through, he looked up at Sherlock just as Lestrade was coming back into the room.
“I’ve a contact,” he explained. “In the days leading up to my imprisonment at your flat-” he ignored the frown that was cast his way “-I was doing some
” he shouted, and grit his teeth, his face obscured by his ratty ginger hair as he doubled over in pain.
“It’s
“Sorry?” Sherlock asked, brow furrowing as John turned back to smirk at him.
“Then I fail to see what the issue is-”
“Proof of the battles I’ve lost,” John amended, the heavy feeling in his gut only growing more prominent. Sherlock looked back at his face, eyes hard.
Sherlock raised his other hand to John’s other shoulder, hardly able to process the feeling of the warm, solid body against his own; everything was a blur. Their own bodies were a blur, barely distinguishable from each other as they moved together fluidly, the space between them quickly disappearing. Their foreheads brushed, Sherlock’s head tilted down while John’s was tipped just the slightest bit up to make up for their difference in height, and Sherlock was certain he was radiating light, each point of contact between himself and John sending sparks of electricity flying beneath his skin until he was enveloped in an embrace of crackling heat.
“Alright,” Sherlock reasons, except that there is nothing
“Actually,”” she began, and looked at Molly, “I was wondering if you could show me where the loo is?” she asked.
John’s brow furrowed as he looked up from where he sat at his desk, eyes trailing across the small bedroom to where Sherlock sat, cross-legged, on the bed, his posture rigid, eyes sharp, and tone clipped. “Twenty-nine,” the doctor corrected, brow creasing further with confusion. “Why-”
“Suicide, Sherlock. He’s hanged himself.”
“Where?” he asked plainly, the word quick, pointed.
, he remembered with a grin from their impromptu coffee-date-turned-investigation at the coffee shop over a month ago. Had it really been that long since then? It felt like just yesterday; but in another sense, it felt like years had passed. The thought was evicted from John’s head when Sherlock spoke.
had enough bloody sense to
The trip out of the flat was as uneventful as the trip into it had been, for which John was thankful yet again. And thanks to his proximity to the British Museum, there was an abundance of cabs to be caught, even in the rain. A ride to the nearest Tesco cost only four minutes and a couple quid, and once inside, John grabbed a basket and made a beeline for the biscuits. Two packets of Jaffa Cakes and a pack of Cadbury Fingers found their way into John’s basket, hopefully enough to satisfy Sherlock’s apparent chocolate cravings, along with a small jar of preserves to feed John’s jam obsession and the loaf of bread he’d come to the store for the day prior. A few single-serving pots of yoghurt in various flavours were added to the basket, because apparently Sherlock liked yoghurt, and John was, naturally, eager to please. Once satisfied he’d acquired enough consumables, he made his way to the queue, and on any other day he’d try very hard to chat up the young girl behind the cash drawer with the curly blonde hair and the peach-painted lips and the low-cut top, but today, he looked past her to the shelf with the tobacco products.
“Oh, don’t even
the police force. He seemed to be doing as much from behind the scenes, if what John assumed to be true was in fact the case.
Sherlock, in return, huffed a soft laugh through his nose. “It would appear so.” He tilted his head slightly, brow furrowing just so. “What did you do?”
“And I’ll tell him where you’ve gone,” Sherlock countered, and John
“But I’m
“So,” John started - Sherlock could hear the man’s hands fidgeting inside his pockets - “before we were interrupted back there-”
“You’re really that wound up?” the blond asked with a small smile when Sherlock finished pouring and lifted the cup to his lips for a drink. His nose wrinkled; this cup was much more potent than the last.
“Son of a
Sherlock can’t even worry about his flatmate properly because he’s otherwise occupied putting every ounce of his effort into calming another Watson, who clearly doesn’t take after her father when it comes to dealing with
“Sherlock,” John said, to which the younger man responded with an irritated huff. “I’m just trying to get you to understand that this is
With a sigh, he looked away from the photograph, his eyes glancing off of the bookshelf holding a variety of educational texts, over the few framed diplomas and certificates hanging modestly on the wall by a window, and finally coming to rest on the door as a sound in the lobby caught his attention. Through the gap between the door and its frame, he saw a flurry of movement, heard aggravated voices, and decided that he best make himself comfortable in preparation for what would hopefully be his last appointment for the day. Right on cue, as he leaned back against his desk, soft footfalls signified his secretary's approach.
“Is anyone else thirsty?” Irene asked out of the blue, looking between Sherlock and Molly. “I could use a drink. Something strong.” A devious smirk played at her dark lips.
“Well,” the doctor started, clearly uneasy, “rather broad symptoms, really. Could be intoxication, general anxiety disorder, or hyperthyroidism, for all I know.”
John offered a small smile. “Hullo.”
“Go get dressed,” he chided halfheartedly, and John bit his lip.
“.....Well, I know it’s not-”
“Pretty sure I’m supposed to be helping you kick your cocaine habit. Though there was something about a stakeout that I had agreed to, there was nothing to do with hangings.”
Sherlock snorted, but then the pair fell silent as they neared the first of the warehouses to walk nearly pressed against the back wall. The brunette’s steps slowed, and John followed suit, staying close behind. His hands quickly, instinctively, moved round to his own back to swiftly unsheathe his gun from its hiding spot, nestled against the small of his back, and his thumb hovered over the safety as he held it in both hands in front of him – just in case. The feeling of the metal, heavy and solid in his hands, brought with it a rush of adrenaline that he hadn’t realized he’d missed as much as he had. His head was spinning with it, and the faintest of dark smiles lifted the corner of his lips as he basked in the rush.
John thought silently as he watched Sherlock finally approach the body, and flip the back of his coat out behind him dramatically before crouching down and hunching over the corpse.
“Oh, Jesus Christ-” Sherlock closes his eyes and hopes that Mrs. Turner’s
“I can’t believe you got Sherlock to come,” she said, her chocolate eyes wide with fascination.
, he tries to get her to taste a little of John’s precious raspberry jam from his fingertip
He saw a man who drank a cuppa with the morning paper at his kitchen table, with a loaded firearm tucked away in his pants drawer across the flat. He saw a man who left the security of home to go and shoot at strange men in a desert. He saw a man who held lives in his hands; both as a doctor wielding sterilised instruments of stainless steel, and as a soldier with a trigger-finger, wielding a gun in a practised grip.
John followed eagerly, close to Sherlock’s side as the taller man led them both down the pavement, under a bridge, and then, suddenly, off to the right and over the railing at the edge of the sidewalk. The blond took a moment to envy Sherlock’s long legs, allowing the man to do little more than step over the railing, while John had to brace one hand on the metal bar and hop over it as gracefully as he could – but not before looking anxiously over his shoulder to be sure no one was watching them scurry off the paved path.
While John was well aware of the fact that Hollywood panache was further from reality than he could ever imagine, there was a certain amount of drama that came with stuffing wound-packing-pellets into a young lad’s stomach as he bled out on the cot in an infirmary in the middle of a blistering desert, screaming incoherently the names of loved ones back home; or the pristine stillness and silence, accompanied by the din of small, medical instruments against metal slabs in cadaver labs.
“Alright,” the man whispered back, and John couldn’t resist leaning in to place one more sweet, brief peck on the corner of Sherlock’s mouth before he turned, beaming brighter than the sunlight that poured through the large windows, as he made his way into the sitting room, depositing himself with a sigh into the red armchair. Sherlock followed, taking the black leather chair across from him, and John cast him a smile before picking up a piece of warm toast. As he brought it up to take a bite, he made eye-contact with Sherlock, holding the toast aloft in front of his lips. “No jam?” he asked with a mock-pout.
John’s expression dissolved into a playful smirk. “Mm, I’ll take the silence to mean you’ve run out of arguments. Let me know when you come up with more, and I’ll refute them,” he said, and winked, which was
“So’s Sergeant Donovan,” Sherlock said, and nodded his head towards where Sally had come up near them, and John’s eyes widened as he realised.
Thank you again, all of you. <3  See you soon.
“Rosie.” The name leaves his mouth in a heavy sigh. “I understand that you are upset. Trust me when I say that I, too, am unhappy with your father for staying out so late. What do you suppose he’s doing?” he asks pleasantly, well aware (and thankful) that the girl, less than two years of age, cannot yet understand the concept of sarcasm. “Hm?” he continues, but to no avail; Rosie simply screams louder. He hadn’t imagined that to be possible. Just like her father, Rosie continues to amaze him; though, typically, John’s surprises are much more… bearable. And not so piercing.
or whatever?” he asked. “Thought it was circumstantial.”
“You’re sure about that?” Sherlock didn’t have to look to see the smug smirk on John’s face.
Desperate to break the tension that had settled heavy and tangible in the air surrounding them, Sherlock cleared his throat and averted his eyes to glance nonchalantly at a blank wall. “I might as well stay here,” he said, doing his best to sound aloof. “Your flat is far more comfortable than mine, anyway. Proper heating.” He chanced a glance at John to find the man grinning, arms coming up to cross loosely over his chest.
“Good shot?”
“Ah, but if you keep this up, you won’t be solving cases at all,” John reasoned, earning a glare from Sherlock.
“Oh?” Sherlock asked, the corner of his lips and one eyebrow raising in a mirthful smirk.
The car fell silent, but it didn’t last long, as Lestrade pulled into a lot filled with police cruisers not a minute later, and he quickly parked and turned off the engine. Without prompting, Sherlock opened his door and stepped out of the car, pulling his coat snugly around him and jamming his hands into his pockets as he walked alongside the DI towards the front doors of NSY. A presence quickly made itself known at his other side, and he fought back a smile as John found his place beside him, meeting him step for step.
John’s smile was infuriating. “I actually have tomorrow off. And I’ll email my patients. Sometimes therapists have emergencies, too. There are other therapists, and I can do make-up appointments; or even Skype calls. Don’t worry about my schedule. That’s for me to fret over.”
“Have you got anything?” the DI asked, and, bless him, he only sounded mildly irritated.
John shrugged modestly. “Might slow you down.”
“I am feeling better,” Sherlock murmured as he typed out a quick message to a number saved under the contact name
,” Sherlock griped, his arms flailing wildly out to his sides in an exaggerated display. “I’ll
“Is that Dr. Watson?”
Sherlock parted his lips to speak, but was cut off. “Well-”
“Six minutes is perfect,” John said, setting his emptied bottle on the counter before extending his free hand to Sherlock. “Just enough time for a dance.” The suggestion and the smile that accompanied it were easy, as if it were the most natural thing in the world, asking Sherlock Holmes to dance.
“How much longer are you going to be?”
John snorts his amusement, his fingers abandoning the dried stains and now just tracing idle patterns over the silky shirt that has Sherlock’s skin tingling beneath.
Strangely enough, it didn’t occur to John until he was walking through the door to the office behind Lestrade and Sherlock, that there was a dead body on the other side.
The forwardness of the comment had something in John’s chest tightening, but he played it off as best he could, giving a light huff of laughter as he continued cleaning away the blood. “What, you planning to move in?” he asked, meaning for the question to be light-hearted.
“You’re a medical man, what’s your diagnosis?” Sherlock asked, his gaze steady, and while his expression remained stoic, John could almost assuredly see the smug smile in his eyes.
“Astute observation,” the younger man drawled dryly. “It pays to be acquainted with people from all walks of life. Most people walk by the less fortunate every day without sparing them a second glance, let alone a bit of cash. It’s amazing what people with nothing will do for even meager compensation.”
John just waved a hand in the air and shook his head as he pushed away from the counter. “No, it’s not a problem; I’m thankful for the day off work, and I’m even more thankful for knowing that you’re alive and in good hands.”
He entered his office and closed the door gently behind him. His newest client was sitting in one of the two chairs, leaning back and appearing comfortable, long legs crossed casually, eyes flitting passively about the room. As John made his way to his own chair, he took a moment to survey the man before him – it was part of the gig, as a therapist, to do a little analysing before the actual session. Body language spoke volumes, and physical appearance could give invaluable information. It was clear to see that the young man was guarded – his posture in the chair gave the impression of nonchalance, but it was calculated nonchalance; that much was obvious. His long body and limbs were arranged in a casual fashion, but his jaw was set firmly and his eyes were sharp. The index and middle fingers of his right hand, hanging over the armrest, were rubbing together in a small, rapid motion – possibly a habitual tick brought on by anxiety or annoyance. The most striking feature about the youth was his skin – so pale, it was nearly translucent. He was thin, too – his skin was pulled taut over his sharp cheekbones, his cheeks were sunken in, and above them, dark circles outlined his pale, keen eyes. Which, John noted, were just the slightest bit bloodshot. Of course, he couldn’t make any assumptions – honestly, at this time of year, with the school term ending, many university students looked about on the brink of death, sleep-deprived and stressed as they were. With his initial observation of his client over with, the doctor decided to begin.
breathing down our necks. Literally,” he added in a mumble, the corner of his lips turning upwards in a smirk at the snort of laughter that emanated from the man at the other end of the back seat.
Anyway, thanks again to all of you. Everyone reading, commenting, leaving kudos, subscribing, bookmarking, or even just clicking on this work. Thank you thank you thank you thank you. I'd kiss you all if I could. Thanks again, truly, I sincerely hope you enjoyed reading, and I hope to see you all again sometime.
“You’re probably right, he was probably leaving," the DI continued, "but maybe he had a change of heart at the last minute. I’m no expert, but depression is unpredictable.”
“It’s alright.” Sherlock whispers.
“Oh, you’re too sweet,” the woman replied, her lilting voice singing on a wisp of light laughter as she took her leave, exiting through the door John had moved to open for her. “Same time next week?” she inquired with a look over her shoulder.
“Brilliant,” John blurted, and Sherlock shot him a look that John couldn’t read. “Sorry,” he apologised.
“Jesus,” he murmured as he surveyed her costume, to which Mary laughed.
Despite the horrid start to his morning, John had managed to pull himself together, and, after cleaning up the mess in the kitchen, he’d forced himself to shower, choke down some food, and get ready for work. And while he had stumbled into the office a full two hours early, he considered it far better than sitting alone in his flat. That being said, he was longing for his bed at the moment; a feeling he’d tried diligently to fend off by downing a few cups of coffee over his lunch break. But that only gave him a bit of a twitch in his fingers for a while, and the crash that followed was arguably worse than his initial fatigue.
There is
going by the state of her knees.” He fell silent after that, letting the implications sink in, and he quirked a small grin before turning around and moving inside, leaving Sally, Anderson, and John standing in shocked silence.
The other man took in a long sigh and shifted his weight on his feet. “Well, if you were to reconsider, I could supply you with a reasonable sum of money on a regular basis to help ease your way.”
“Of course,” John said, still smiling. “You’re a brilliant young man. And I suppose,” he added with a laugh, “that all explains how you’re working with New Scotland Yard.”
“Don’t fret, Dr. Watson,” the woman’s voice came out in a smooth drawl, and John did a double-take. “You’re right where you need to be.”
Hesitation. Sherlock pulled his lips between his teeth as he thought, and John took the few moments of silence to look Sherlock over.
“And now,” she continued, retrieving a small box from her vanity, “for the finishing touch.” After a brief moment of fussing with something Sherlock couldn’t see, she parted her black lips, which she’d glossed over with a slightly shimmering green gloss, and fitted a pair of small porcelain pieces to her teeth in her mouth.
Sharing a shower was not nearly as sexy as Hollywood or written erotica would have you believe. Firstly, there was no way in hell was John going to risk slipping to kneel on the hard porcelain bottom of the tub - his knees were still aching and the slightest bit bruised from the night before - to suck Sherlock off, and he imagined Sherlock wasn’t going to risk it for him, either. Not that he minded; he really did need to get ready for work, and blowjobs, while they could be quick, were time-consuming nonetheless.
This night was no exception.
b) I can EASILY write 4,000+ words of overly-detailed, gratuitous sex.
“I might be,” he said, as indifferently as possible, receiving a wordless grumble in response.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Your daughter was a mess earlier.”
What? John’s brow furrowed at the non-sequitur. “I- don’t have one,” he said carefully.
Sherlock’s voice came out in a low murmur. “Your deodorant told me.”
that he craved.
And so, he takes a breath, and starts again.
John obeyed with a nod, grabbing the other bottle of soap from the shelf and getting a small palmful of conditioner to quickly scrub through his hair. He tipped his head back and closed his eyes tightly as he stepped under the spray, fingers still working through his short locks, and he smiled as he felt Sherlock running the luffa over the backs of his shoulders, taking care when brushing over his entry wound scar, and down his back. His smile broadened momentarily when Sherlock’s hands appreciatively lingered on his arse, and he giggled at a squeeze, nearly getting water up his nose in the process as he shuffled forward to escape the long-fingered, grabby hands.
John wasn’t sure if he was more thrown by the offhand comment about his possession of a firearm (which was something he’d tried very hard to keep hidden, seeing as it was rather illegal), or by the way Sherlock had successfully hailed a cab with such ease during rush hour. He resorted to crediting the cab-hailing skills to some sort of black magic, and focused instead for the time being on the topic of his gun. “How do you know I have a gun?” he asked with trepidation.
(See the end of the chapter for
,” he gasped as John’s opened mouth latched onto Sherlock’s neck.
“Ta,” Sherlock chirped, and thankfully rescued John from any more small-talk and humiliation by tugging him through the door to the warehouse by his elbow.
Grinning, Sherlock stuck his hands in his pockets. “Down on your luck?” he asked pleasantly.
, but it was the first time that counted. He’d said it in looks he gave Sherlock, in the swipes of his tongue and the thrusts of his hips, in the brushes of his lips against Sherlock’s mouth and skin, and twice aloud while his inhibitions were lowered by alcohol. But this was the first time that really,
Once Rachel nodded and was out of sight, John scrubbed his hands over his face in a vain attempt to coax himself into a state of more palpable wakefulness before his next client.
“A vasodilatory effect in the capillary beds of the face,
Sherlock let out an even breath and gave a slight nod, not quite knowing why he’d expected anything different. “I understand completely. Had I been even half lucid last night, I would have disposed of what I had left myself before coming here. Even I know bringing illegal substances into someone else’s home is frowned upon. And I wouldn’t want to get you into trouble,” he said, looking back up at John. “That being said, this does mean that I’ll be out of your hair sooner.”
I hope this update finds you all well. I'd like to begin by thanking you endlessly for your patience; I imagine many of you have moved on to other stories by now, which I encourage - support other artists on this site! For those of you who have been anxiously awaiting an update for the past several months, I am terribly sorry to have been delaying the ending of this story for so long. I know it is no excuse, but I have been dealing with many personal (medical) things that have demanded my undivided attention and much of my time. That, on top of school, work, and family, have taken me away from this story. Add to that a serious case of writer's block, and you get several months devoid of updates. For that, I am truly apologetic. But from this I have learned that, in the future, I will write up most of a story, if not the whole thing, before posting, so I am not hindered by what life throws at me, and you all aren't punished by my own shortcomings.
Sherlock looked like he was in pain.
John smiled warmly. “Don’t apologize to me. It’s okay, really. I almost warned you last night that I might do the exact same thing to you in my sleep. It’s only natural when you share a bed with someone.”
The doctor felt his friend rubbing small circles on his back, the heat and pressure of his hand being an immense comfort. Having him this close made him feel grounded. He couldn’t help but think of how far they’d come together. John was sure the Sherlock he’d met years ago would not have known how to comfort someone in such a way. If he had, would the John of several years ago have allowed it?
Sherlock shrugged.
“Sorry,” John said earnestly in response. “You’re lucky,” he continued softly. “You just missed the radial artery in your wrist. But it’s still bleeding a lot. I’m going to wrap it up tight and keep putting pressure on it.”
John could see that his friend’s eyes were also becoming glassy with emotion, and he shook his head again at himself and his own stupidity.
“Evidence,” Sherlock began with a small rueful smile, “evidence that it’s not just you.”
John gaped at the cocky smirk on his friend’s face.
John waited for his friend to elaborate as he took off his coat and scarf and hung them up. When it was clear that wasn’t going to happen, he spoke again.
Once John got over the surprise of how quickly and silently his friend could move, he levelled him with a serious look. “I think you know. I mean when people would assume you and I are together romantically. A couple. You never correct them when they assume that.”
“John?” Sherlock called quietly from his place on the bed.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “So you’ve mentioned.”
“I’m going to take her up,” he said quietly.
“In the interest of honesty, I’m glad you asked me to do this. Here’s hoping we both get a good night's sleep for once.”
No sooner had that realization occurred to him before Sherlock walked into the kitchen, cradling a sleepy Rosie in his arms.
John rolled his eyes as he headed back toward the kitchen. “That’s not what I meant,” he called as he put the wine back on the counter.
The doctor could
John swallowed. “Do you, maybe we should- do you want to make this a more regular thing?”
Currently, Sherlock Holmes was doing just that. He was playing a memory game with Rosie on the floor by the fireplace while John tidied up in the kitchen after dinner. Thankfully, Sherlock was also amenable to baby proofing the flat in a lot of ways. John chuckled to himself as he looked at the small fridge Sherlock had bought specifically for science projects and, ahem, body parts, so that the main fridge that contained their food would no longer be tainted.
“Aren’t. Dammit,” John sighed in frustration. “Aren’t a couple.”
John stiffened a bit at that. “What?”
Sherlock’s face looked positively stricken as he removed his arm out from under John’s pillow.
A few tears managed to find their way down John’s cheeks. Sherlock continued to study his friend's face, his free hand still rubbing circles on John’s back. The gesture reassured John and he gathered himself, taking a breath before continuing.
He looked to the open doorway to see his friend swoop in, nodding his head toward John in greeting.
Sherlock shrugged as he rolled back over. The two were on their sides, facing each other now, as just enough moonlight pooled into the room so that they could make out each other's faces.
. He lifted a hand and gently carded it through Sherlock's curls. The detective practically whimpered in response, and John smiled against his lips. He was thrilled to find he could elicit these types of responses from his friend. The thought of what other types of noises Sherlock might make sent a chill up John's spine.
“Good. Now, let me see,” John coaxed.
“She’s five months old, you know. She doesn’t even understand words yet and you think she can memorize pictures on cards?” John called from the kitchen, a smile on his face.
“John, you already apologized for that. It’s forgiven. I more than deserved-”
“Goodnight, John.”
Sherlock bit his lip thoughtfully before giving a tight nod.
The next morning, Sherlock had already been gone by the time John woke. This wasn’t unusual behaviour for the detective, far from, but it had become less and less frequent over the last couple months. Especially without leaving John any sort of a note or a text.
“It’s okay, your Daddy doesn’t know what he’s talking about,” Sherlock whispered.
“It’s been shown that babies can start forming memories at six months, and I’ve no doubt our little Rosie will be well ahead of the curve.”
He let out a little laugh. “Right. I sure seemed to have myself convinced.” He paused for a moment, letting himself focus on the steady thudding of his friend’s heart beneath his palm. “I think I knew, even then, that I cared about you more than just as a friend. I just couldn't let myself believe it.”
The doctor finally looked up and met his friend’s searching gaze. The concern in those grey eyes of his was evident.
Sherlock nodded with a small smile.
His mouth gaped before he began to feel a bit defensive. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“We are together,” he replied simply, still typing away at his laptop.
“John I… I um, I didn’t mean,” Sherlock began as he loosened his hold on his friend.
John stood there, eyes wide with realization before looking back down and staring at the spot where his hand covered Sherlock’s heart. He began to feel tears brimming despite his best efforts. He laughed a little, shaking his head at how blind he must have been.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide. He visibly swallowed at the command in John’s voice before nodding slowly in agreeance.
“No need, I have analyzed the data and drawn my conclusion,” the detective replied coolly.
“Hey, wait,” John began as he turned himself over to face his friend.
John was currently writing about one of their more recent cases. One which he had gleefully titled “Three Blind Mimes” much to Sherlock’s chagrin. He chuckled to himself as he recalled interviewing a woman with very improper grammar during the case. Sherlock couldn't help himself, of course, and kept interrupting her story to correct her. This certainly wasn’t the first time he had done this, and it wouldn’t be the last. Sherlock was Sherlock and he would correct everyone about everything. It was what made most people infuriated with him, John himself being guilty of that as well, but Sherlock couldn't help it. It was just part of who he was.
Sherlock smiled and nodded before climbing into his bed. Once settled, he pulled back the covers on the other side and gestured for his friend to join him.
John closed his eyes, more tears leaking out and his breath began hitching. He was beginning to feel out of control, and he released his friend’s hand to bring his own up to his face. His therapist had told him that releasing emotions and doing so without guilt was a step forward. But there was still a limit to what his pride would allow his best friend to see.
John chuckled to himself. His friend was clearly still asleep.
“About what happened last night?”
“Do you really not know? No, you must know. You are “the world's only consulting detective” after all,” he finished mockingly.
“Maybe you should spell it out for me,” Sherlock bit back. “Yes, that should prove enjoyable. Let’s role play. I'll be you and you be me.”
His best friend, Sherlock. They had been through more together than any two humans should ever have to endure.
Sherlock nodded and stepped back, giving John room to leave and go tend to his daughter.
“People do little else.”
Sherlock stiffened a bit at that, and John now held his friend’s hand between both of his own as he gave him a look that he hoped conveyed how truly sincere he was being.
attempt to resist my help and allow me to examine you,
“People will talk,” Sherlock smiled, repeating John’s words of what felt like a lifetime ago.
“Sherlock Holmes, you will stop your one and
John smiled to himself as he stood next to his oblivious friend. His thoughts then returned to a moment ago.
John didn't ever remember sleeping as good as he had that night, and that was surprise number one. Surprise number two came in the form of Sherlock completely wrapped around him when he woke up early the next morning. John had thought about warning his friend the night before that he might be the one to end up spooning Sherlock in the middle of the night, as was his half asleep habit when he shared a bed with Mary. Never in a million years did he imagine that the evasive, anti-sentiment, reserved consulting detective would be the one to initiate snuggling.
Not long later, while he was in that strange stage between being awake and asleep, he felt his friend tighten his hold around him and exhale deeply.
John smiled. “Yes, you have mellowed a bit over the years.”
Without moving away, but also not moving closer, Sherlock reached out and grabbed John's wrist.
John nodded with a smile. “I’ll be there in just a minute.”
John was breathing heavily as he finished his declaration. Slightly embarrassed and now feeling quite anxious as a prolonged silence spread between them.
“You’re not going to tell me what you were up to for the past,” John paused to look at this watch, “Thirteen
John was beginning to get lost in the moment, touching his friend more than what was necessary. He had applied enough ointment, but couldn’t stop himself from tracing comforting circles on his friend’s open hand.
John peeked around the corner to see his friend bop Rosie on the nose with a smile.
John smiled to himself now, coming back to the reality of currently being in the kitchen. Sherlock was still playing with baby Rosie in the living room, but it was obvious by her whining that she was getting tired.
John stiffened as he raised his eyes to glare at his friend.
Something flashed in Sherlock’s eyes then. A look of longing that was gone so quickly John thought he imagined it.
The shorter man turned around, his attention piqued by the unsureness in his friend’s voice.
Sherlocks pupils dilated at the sound, and the detective's gaze finally moved away from John's eyes down to his lips. John’s ears began ringing and his vision began to blur as his friend inched ever closer, their mouths mere millimeters apart.
“I honestly can’t remember a time when I had such consistent, uninterrupted sleep,” he replied seriously.
John went back to finish drying dishes and shook his head while chuckling. Things have become quite... domestic here on Baker Street. ‘In more ways than one’, he thought as he felt himself blush slightly.
John was mesmerized by his friend's eyes, and the heat in his abdomen was starting to spread. Suddenly he felt hot everywhere and could feel a blush rising to his cheeks. Clearing his throat, he broke their lingering gaze and scrubbed his face with his hands. He needed to get out of there before his friend became wise to what was going on in his head.
The intensity of all of this was already becoming overwhelming, and he pulled away to look his best friend in the eyes. He was glad to see that Sherlock appeared to be in a similar state as to how he was currently feeling. His pupils were wide and his lips swollen, a slight tremor to his breathing. It matched the way John could feel his own body trembling, and he pulled his friend in closely for a hug. He wrapped his arms fully around Sherlock’s back, his head fitting snugly beneath the taller man’s chin. Sherlock quickly reciprocated the gesture, his hands leaving John’s neck and letting his arms wrap tightly around his upper back. The two stood there, breathing heavily together and feeling each other's heartbeat against his own.
“Everything you’ve done for me, and now for Rosie... I want you to know how much I appreciate it. For giving my life meaning again the day we met, for coming back to me after Mary shot you, for Magnussen and for Eurus. Sherlock, you mean everything to me. I need you to hear me. I love you.”
John’s eyes widened at the gesture and then he sharply sucked in a breath at what he felt beneath his palm. His friend’s chest, warm and solid, and beneath it, a heart that was positively hammering against the confines of his ribcage.
The doctor gaped at his friend. “What do you want? What do you plan to do with this ‘evidence’? Damnit, Sherlock! Are you doing this just to embarrass me? Am I a joke to you?!” John finished, looking hurt.
John opened his mouth to reply, but no words came out.
“I mean it, stop it,” John continued, taking Sherlock’s hand between them like he had the night before.
John hung up the towel he used to dry the last of the dishes before heading up to his room. The two friends changed his daughter into her pajamas before reading her a story together and tucking her in. She fell asleep almost instantly, which was always a blessing, and John and Sherlock currently found themselves back in the living room. There was a fire between them as they sat in their respective chairs. John was working on his blog and Sherlock was perusing the internet to look for their next case. Each man was sipping red wine and there was a comfortable silence in the room.
John felt like his entire body had been set ablaze. He was still breathing heavily from the intense encounter as he made his way to his daughter’s crib. He scooped up Rosie and began rocking her gently, trying his best to soothe her. He couldn’t stop thinking about what had almost just happened down there. He could no longer deny how he felt about his friend. He wanted Sherlock to kiss him then, wanted it with every fiber of his being. But what was Sherlock playing at? Was he going to go through with it and actually kiss him? Or was this some sort of messed up psychological experiment? John shook his head at that thought. Sherlock had emotionally matured over the years enough to know that you don’t play your friends that way. Hadn’t he? One thing was certain, John needed to talk to him about this.
“I’ll never forget busting into that room and seeing that, that MONSTER with his hands on you. The terror I felt. That pit in my stomach that I really had just truly lost you again. Sherlock, I’m still haunted by it. Only in my nightmares, I’m too late. I burst in and you’re lying there lifeless.”
“Is that a problem?” his eyebrows raised in a questioning way as he leaned against the door frame.
“Oh that’s bloody rich,” John stopped himself and took a deep breath. His friend was purposefully trying to get a rise out of him. “You’re not going to do that Sherlock, not this time.”
“I’m turning in early,” he heard the detective call from inside. “Goodnight, John.”
“Hmmmm… John…” Sherlock murmured in his sleep.
John took a deep breath.
The doctor took Sherlock’s hand into his own and the detective inhaled sharply as his wound was prodded.
his friend’s embarrassment as he tried to slowly pull away.
“Okay fine,” John began, clearly uncomfortable but steeling himself. “Hypothetically speaking, if you and I were together…”
A small, sad smile. “You weren’t gay, remember?”
“Is this okay?” he whispered.
“Oh you know,” the detective began nonchalantly, “a psychopathic sister who murdered my childhood friend caused me such trauma that I blocked all memory of her, then she decided to come back and try to drown my current best friend in a well. Just the usual stuff.”
One corner of Sherlock’s lips turned up into a half smile in response.
Life at 221B Baker Street had pretty much returned to what it once was. John had moved back in with his friend, Sherlock, a few months after the dramatic events with Eurus at Sherrinford. It was hard for him to be alone in the house he once shared with Mary, he practically spent most of his time with Sherlock anyway. So much had happened in the past year, most of it dreadful, so it was nice to return to some normalcy. Being back at Baker Street was like coming home, and John couldn’t thank Sherlock enough for being open to it. Not only open to it, but positively insistent.
The detective groaned at the sensations, and the sound sent a wave of pleasure through John’s already tingly and warm body.
John smiled back, a warm feeling blooming in his stomach. This was happening more and more lately around the detective and he was doing his best to ignore what it could mean. He chalked it up to finally having some happiness in his life. That was definitely true, but he knew deep down it wasn’t the whole truth.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he apologized again, his voice muffled. “I’m sorry I did that to you and I’m so glad I didn’t lose you. I don’t know what I’d do.”
Sherlock let out a breath before taking John’s hand and laying it on his chest, above his heart.
John sent a simple text to his friend: “You okay?” and tried his best not to worry as he continued about his morning.
“Well, I’ve wept all over you enough for one night. Thanks again, I mean it,” he said, giving his friend one more smile before moving toward the door.
The heat of his friend's touch coupled with his breath ghosting over John’s lips as he spoke made the doctor emit a soft groan, deep from within his chest and barely audible.
John tried to push the fear that his best friend was avoiding him out of his mind as he went about his day.
“Sherlock?” John called softly and, if he was being honest with himself, very begrudgingly.
Sherlock lifted an eyebrow in interest, encouraging his friend to go on.
John had never felt more awake in his life considering the events of the evening, so he decided to head back to his chair and finish his wine. He ended up working on his blog until about midnight when he decided to make his way to bed. He hoped he could actually get some sleep without the warm presence of his best friend to comfort him.
“Yes, sorry,” he replied simply.
“I’m sorry. I don’t know-”
John crawled under the covers, more than happy to be there. He had secretly been wanting this, not for romantic reasons, at least not a first, but because it had just been so hard sleeping alone. For the first night in a long time he would feel warmth from the other side of the bed, the warmth of his best friend, and that was comforting.
“Of course not! I’m waiting for you to catch up!” Sherlock shouted, slicing his hand through the air to accentuate his point. As he did so, however, he accidentally knocked over a rather large piece of scientific glassware on the kitchen table, shattering it.
John couldn't help but smile and enjoy the predicament he was in. The man who was becoming more and more the object of his affection was literally enveloping him. John’s back was flush with Sherlock’s front, providing a very comfortable warmth between them. The detective had one arm under John's pillow and the other draped over his side, his hand resting lightly by the doctor’s chest. To top it off, one of Sherlock’s long legs was sandwiched between both of John’s. The detective was just tall enough that this was achieved comfortably. John could feel his friend’s warm breath on the back of his neck and he started to feel that warm feeling in his stomach again. More comfortable and happy then he had been in a long time, John felt himself starting to drift off again.
John met Sherlock’s gaze. “Love.”
John swore under his breath. Ever the prepared doctor, he moved quickly to the bottom right cabinet and retrieved his first aid kit.
“All those girlfriends I would bring around, and then Mary-” he paused, his voice catching with emotion. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
Rosie had fallen back asleep and, as he laid her back into her crib, he heard Sherlock’s bedroom door close.
“John?” he called softly. “Oh, John,” he sadly whispered as he closed the gap between them. “Come on, come with me. Let’s not wake Rosie.” Sherlock lightly grasped his friend’s elbow and led him out of the room and into the detective’s bedroom.
That distress grew larger in his mind, however, as the evening grew into night. He had put Rosie to bed hours ago, and still no sign of his friend. He was trying to distract himself with his blog, but he had been staring at the same paragraph for what seemed like hours. He was getting just worried enough to send another text when he heard those familiar footsteps coming up the stairs.
“I love you, too,” Sherlock breathed.
“No.” John’s lips tightened and he shook his head. “No, that’s why we’re going to talk about this because you did not deserve what I did. Never. I’m still having nightmares, Sherlock. Only now they're not about Mary but how I hurt you. About the way I attacked you in that morgue. About how-” John’s voice wavered, his eyes brimming with tears again. “About how close I came to losing you again, because of my anger and stubbornness.”
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
John nodded, leaning into his friend’s hand. The two stood there in silence for a moment, touching each other, enjoying the closeness of one another.
Deafening silence covered the flat for a moment before Sherlock then raised his hand to find that he was definitely bleeding.
“Sherlock?” he tried again, squeezing the hand that was on his chest for emphasis.
Sherlock’s lips were pressed together, his hand fidgeting at his side as he considered all that his friend had just confessed.
The doctor was very aware that his heart was now racing. They’d been in each other's personal space before but never quite like this. This had to be some sort of test of Sherlock's, but it felt too intimate, too real. Sherlock's sharp grey eyes never left John's, and the doctor felt his gaze unable to look away as his friend studied him. He felt as though he were cemented in place, and he swallowed nervously as the detective leaned even closer. They were still not touching, somehow, but there was an electricity, a heat between them, and John knew it couldn't just be him that felt it.
Now Sherlock rolled his eyes, pushing himself off the door frame as he stepped closer to his friend. “You were always so quick to deny it. People could barely finish their thought before you were announcing it wasn’t true.”
“What did you mean?”
Sherlock laughed at that. His expression then softened as he lifted his free hand and touched the side of John’s face. “As mad as it sounds, I think we had to go through all of that horror to end up here. I would have still had to make that jump and Mary, well... Mary truly was there for you and loved you and helped get you through it. Everything that happened after that was rather out of our control.”
Sherlock winced as John tightly wrapped his wrist. The doctor apologized again, explaining it had to be tight or the wound wouldn’t clot. Sherlock stopped himself from saying “obvious” out loud, surprising himself with his restraint. Instead he opted to stand quietly and observe his friend as he mended his wounds. John was showing an incredible amount of care, not that the detective was surprised by that. The doctor finished wrapping his wrist and moved onto the smaller cuts on his hand. John rested Sherlock’s hand palm side up in his own hand before providing the ministrations. He used a warm moist cloth to clean the blood off of his palm and then began applying antibiotic ointment to the wounds. Sherlock had to stifle the little noises of pleasure that threatened to spill out of him at the tender touches of his friend. The doctor was gently applying the balm with his fingertips, and Sherlock had never realized how sensitive the skin of his palm was before. He then noticed the ever-so-familiar-when-it-came-to-John feeling of warmth was spreading through his body.
“Well, no, not exactly. I was just thinking about it and it’s odd, isn’t it? Sherlock, you correct everyone about
John felt himself blushing a bit at that. He often did when he found himself the object of Sherlock's attention and kind words.
John’s hands came up, lightly tracing over the material on Sherlock's back before laying them flat on his shoulder blades and pulling his friend closer.
“Right, umm, okay. Goodnight,” he replied, doing his best to keep the disappointment he felt out of his voice.
“Sherlock, you’ve got to know. You’re the most intelligent, witty and talented man I’ve ever met. Not to mention you have a great sense of style, you make me laugh like no one else can, and yes, you can and do drive me up the wall on occasion. But I wouldn’t give up our adventures together for anything in the world. And mate, between us, you’re ridiculously attractive. So, no. Of course I wouldn’t be ashamed.”
The doctor cleared his throat. “Well I don’t know about you, but that was the best sleep I’ve had in a very long time.”
“I mean, my God,” the detective continued, “I only murdered a man for you.”
Before John could process all that was happening, his friend placed both of his hands on the side of his face. Sherlock’s thumbs caressed his jawline and his long digits gently wrapped around the back of his neck. John let himself be pulled closer and felt his body ignite. When their faces were only an inch apart, Sherlock paused and looked into John’s eyes.
“I wasn’t. Not at first. But I was always interested in you.”
John swallowed nervously. “Wha-what do you mean?” He felt dumb, caught up in the intensity of his friend’s gaze and their close proximity to one another.
“I’m sorry,” John began, his voice rough.
John rolled his eyes. “Then why-”
“I’m told I was a more difficult person to be around back then,” Sherlock offered with a smirk.
John bristled as he followed his friend into the other room. “What data? What conclusion?”
“You’ve also got a few small cuts on your hand. I’ll tend to those once I wrap up your wrist.”
That thought reminded him of the second time John and Rosie had slept over, and the doctor had been a mess. He finally got his daughter to fall asleep in her crib after over an hour of dealing with a very unusually fussy child. He had just enough energy to change into his pajamas, a tee shirt and drawstring pants, before he collapsed onto the edge of his bed. He put his head in his hands in exhaustion, and the next thing he knew, he was crying. He had been in that state for no more than a couple minutes when he heard a soft knock on the door. Before he could answer, the curly head of his best friend poked in and was looking at him. Sherlock was clad in his silk shirt and pants, his dressing gown making a swishing noise as he stepped into the room.
He hadn’t been expecting layers of white glue and torn facial tissues to be pressed to his neck, with an intimidating spread of powders and gels and brushes and unmarked bottles spanning the surface of Mary’s vanity beside them.
Thanks so much for your understanding and patience, and thank you for sticking with the story. It's so much fun to write, and it's even better when you guys let me know how much you enjoy it. So thanks again.
Sherlock nodded. He was happy for her, though he didn’t often let on how much he cared. She was one of his first and only friends, besides Irene and Lestrade, and a damn decent lab partner when he required one. He was glad that she had managed to let go of her unfortunate attraction to himself; that had thrown a wrench in their working together. But he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t glad for her choice in a partner. Lestrade, while infuriatingly dim at times, was a good bloke. Loathe as Sherlock was to admit it. And if anyone even came close to deserving Molly Hooper, he supposed Gregory Lestrade was a decent enough fit.
“Cashmiere.”
“He’s
Sherlock blinked up at John, his lips parting in silent surprise before he found his words again. “I- can’t stay here,” he said at last.
the most terrifying things John had ever heard made John envy him so, so much. Did he know what he was doing to him?
“I’d warn you to stay away from him, but I can see by the state of your left hand that that’s not going to happen.”
He wasn’t given time to ruminate on the possibilities, his imagination snuffed by two white lights drawing his focus to the other end of the lot where a car had pulled in off the main road. His eyes narrowed, expecting the vehicle to pull off somewhere; but after a few moments, he realized it was heading straight for him.
as?” he asked, his distaste clear in his tone.
Waking up next to Sherlock had been one of the more pleasant side-effects of the man’s withdrawal; it meant he slept in, and John was treated to the sight of soft morning light cutting through raven curls, of a dried trail of drool drawing a line from the corner of dry, parted lips to a small damp spot on the pillow, and the sound of a barely-there snore. Apparently these sleeping habits didn’t transfer over to sober-and-healthy Sherlock’s life. He was back to keeping odd hours, which meant John woke up alone; even after a night of drunken, enthusiastic shagging. Which, it turned out, John didn’t mind at all, because
The journey up the stairs, it seemed, got easier every day. Since his limp had stopped acting up on him quite so much (even as a doctor, he’d never fully understand how something psychosomatic could affect someone to the extent it had affected him), his mobility had increased tenfold, and he hardly had to think about putting one foot in front of the other these days. He tucked the newspaper under his arm to free his hand so that he could unlock his door, and once inside, he let himself relax.
“You always say that,” Victor murmured with a soft tutting sound and exaggerated sadness, but his expression morphed into one of pleasant surprise when Sherlock deposited a fifty-pound note in his outstretched hand. “Fuck, alright. Hold on,” he murmured, and stuffed the note deep into one pocket before wandering off into some dim corner of the room.
“Quit twitching. You’re just going to make a mess-”
“Perhaps I shouldn’t elaborate any further," the brunette decided. "As it is, it looks as though you’re about to faint, and I actually feel much better working on this case with you nearby. So in the interest of preserving what professionalism is left-”
“Wait-what? Sherlock!” John broke into a run after the man, dashing across the street when Sherlock did, though
“You’re incredible,” the man said, voice soft, and Sherlock, stunned, stopped walking and turned to face the other, whose face was an open book, filled with as much wonder and admiration as his words had been. “That’s… incredible. You fixed them up with a flat?”
“You’ve guessed correctly.” Sherlock grinned as a soft
The trio entered the building and Sherlock noticed John looking around the vast interior of the main lobby with barely-suppressed awe. The detective slowed his pace to walk just behind Lestrade, and John followed suit. “You’ll get used to it,” he murmured, just loud enough for John to hear, and his heart attempted to jump its way up his throat at the quirky grin John gave him as he responded:
know all of that?” he asked breathlessly, completely awe-struck, and perhaps a little star-struck as well.
“Lestraaaaade!” he yelled, drawing out the man’s name in a frustrated whine, “call your bloody dogs off, please!”
Sherlock nodded. “I’ll text you an address, actually. And a time. Keep your mobile close by, and be sure to charge it before you leave.” The young detective stood somewhat awkwardly for a beat, before he averted his gaze. “Right. Then I suppose I’ll see you tonight.”
"Where are you going?" John called from behind him, seemingly in distress; and Sherlock realised the reason for the distress a moment later when he heard the distant
In the end, the decision wasn’t difficult.
“You don’t seem to be the sort to make friends quickly-”
Brief warning for some drugs in this chapter, but it's not as vivid as the last one involving drug-usage. And it'll be the last one where drug-use is a central theme.
The moment her scissors left the vicinity of John’s neck, the young man slumped and let out an exaggeratedly laboured breath, to which Mary merely shook her head and reached out to open the gap in the fabric and glue a little wider. “Alright,” she said excitedly as she reached for an opened palate made of darkened hues of purples, reds, and blues, “now the magic happens.”
“Thank you again for your time, Doctor Watson. I really appreciate it.”
Thirdly, while pushing Sherlock up against the tiled wall of the shower and shagging him senseless provided a wonderful mental image, it certainly wouldn’t be very safe considering there was no way to ensure either of them wouldn’t slip. Add to that the fact that they were on a time crunch, and it didn’t seem likely to John that they’d get up to very much in the shower. And he didn’t mind that at all. This was nice, just sharing this close space with Sherlock.
John frowned at looked forward, mumbling the letters to himself, but a moment later, as his eyes fell upon the monument they were nearing, he gasped softly in realisation. “Oh! The Peace Pagoda.”
“I’ll have a pack of L&Bs, please,” he said, and gave a small nod of thanks to the girl when she rung them up and handed them over. He put them in his pocket alongside the pack he’d taken from Sherlock’s flat, and hoped that this pack, along with Sherlock’s partial one, would suffice. His purchases were scanned and bagged in short order, and he paid with his card, trying not to wince at the inevitable blow to his bank account, and gave the cashier a polite smile while he gathered his bags and saw himself out.
The pair fell into companionable silence for the next couple minutes, the sounds of London bustling outside with morning traffic just barely audible in their little loft above the street. John was more than halfway through his second piece of toast when he finally spoke.
John’s eyes widened slightly and he glanced around, as if someone was near them who would hear. “Yes,” he replied, though softer in his tone. “Fully-loaded.”
And it seemed to go over well, if the twitch at the corner of Sherlock’s lips was anything to go by; even if it was accompanied by a roll of his eyes. “Morphine isn’t cocaine. And you weren’t on it for over four years.”
“Please, you wouldn’t even be here if my
“Right,” John said cautiously, but he was put at ease by Lestrade waving dismissively at him.
“The mesolimbic dopamine system, yes,” Sherlock drawled with an eye-roll that rivaled the rudest of young, spoilt teenagers. “Obviously. Are you going to carry on about synapses and neurons and dopamine receptors? I didn’t know I was coming to
John pursed his lips.
Wracking his brain to remember the details of the latest victim in the string of killings - Peter Something-Or-Another - John sifted through the archives of the website until he came across the thread of articles reporting on the serial killer investigation. Surprisingly - or, perhaps,
He emerged fully from behind the cover of the rusted out plough, gun raised and ready in both hands, because as much as he really preferred
“Okay, you’re fine,” he reassured himself with a choked-off breath, closing his eyes again and bringing his trembling hands up to his temples in a futile effort to stave off the impending headache that he knew would come; the migraines that plagued him after his nightmares rivaled the late mornings he awoke spectacularly hungover in university. He’d take the aftereffects of a night of binge-drinking over this misery any day.
(See the end of the chapter for
Unfortunately, tomorrow didn’t arrive as quickly and as smoothly as the doctor would have liked.
!” Anderson seemed affronted. “
Happy Saturday!
“Mm,” John confirmed with a nod, before sighing softly and stepping back, idly reaching up to straighten the lapels of Sherlock’s coat. “We can go check it out later this week. Right now, we need to get to that ambulance, because my nose may be broken, I have a concussion, and I need to get you home before you keel over. As soon as the adrenaline crashes, you’re likely not going to be able to stand,” he said, and thankfully, Sherlock didn’t protest.
for a bloody course on
“Christ,” John murmured, “no wonder the guy was so keen on leaving. I would have been, too.”
“It could be,” the other said, almost through gritted teeth.
The soft clinking of the mugs and flatware in the sink as they were dutifully washed and rinsed lent an atmosphere of simple and quiet domesticity to the scene that Sherlock was unaccustomed to.
The doctor made a surprised sound, eyelids fluttering briefly before he closed his eyes and smiled against Sherlock’s mouth. He tilted his head slightly, pushing back into the kiss, holding the contact for a few moments more before pulling back. “We have to eat our toast while it’s still warm, love,” he whispered with a grin, and was dazzled by the brightness that bloomed in Sherlock’s eyes; it was one of fondness, elation, and something akin to excitement.
Sherlock said pointedly, his lips parting in a toothy (and fangy) smile when he heard John’s responding snort that dissolved into adorably high-pitched giggles.
“Well… obviously, the bag wasn’t in the room. It wasn’t in the main room when we came in, so where else would it be? That car,” he motioned towards the vehicle in question, “was here earlier today. Plates from Scotland; St. Andrew’s Cross as a decorative touch on the side, and the model fits that of the set of keys on Blessington’s desk. So, his car. It’s the only car still here. And it doesn't belong to the night cleaning staff, because they wouldn’t have been here during the day. It could have been another member of staff, I suppose, but the Scotland plates were the largest indicator.”
surprisingly - after scanning all of the articles, while there was no explicit mention of Sherlock’s name, in each article, without fail, there was a mention of an “anonymous tipper.” Sometimes it was in the middle of a paragraph, tying right into the investigation, and other times it was an offhand mention in small, italic font in a brief acknowledgements section at the end of the article, where no one would see it. John grew frustrated as he wondered just why no one so much as inquired as to the identity of this “anonymous tipper,” skimming the comments sections in each of the articles to check and see if a member of the public came forward to claim responsibility for the tips themselves; but he came to the realisation soon enough that the anonymous tip, obviously, was not the main focus.
“Don’t bother,” John shot back. “I’m not interested.”
“But I would prefer, for reasons I’m sure are quite obvious, that my concern go unmentioned. Sherlock and I have… a difficult relationship,” the man with the umbrella finished with a sigh.
“It’s Lestrade,” Sherlock supplied somberly into the fabric of the tee-shirt his face was pressed against, and John grumbled again in response.
“You’ve been a good little pet for the police,” Matvei said, raising his own gun to press the end of the barrel bluntly against Sherlock’s forehead. John’s eyes honed in on the man’s thick thumb pulling back the hammer, and he pulled his back at the same time, timing it so that they clicked simultaneously. “But your time is now up. Boys,” Matvei addressed over his shoulder without taking his eyes from Sherlock, “gather up the goods and ready to take them to the boat. It will be here soon.” His attention turned fully back to Sherlock, and his head tipped slightly as a morbid smile slowly stretched across his face. “Dasvidaniya.”
“You two,” he said, looking between the pair, arms crossing over his chest, “are going to be the death of me, aren’t you?”
here and do
man acting as his anchor. He would have been terrified, if it weren’t for the fact that he was absolutely
Sherlock didn’t know. He knew that John Watson looked ordinary and was anything but. He knew that John Watson was the human embodiment of juxtaposition. He knew that John Watson was a puzzle. But he
The black car that pulled up almost immediately had John sighing in grateful relief, and he tugged open the back door and nearly collapsed inside, bags falling clumsily at his feet as he struggled to shut the door behind him. Already breathless and soaking, John let his eyes close and his head tip back against his headrest as he allowed himself to catch his breath. The cab driver would be needing his address, though, he reminded himself, and he opened his eyes and his mouth to give the information to the cabbie, but his words died in his mouth as he looked around the sleek interior of the car. It was spacious; far more spacious than an average taxi cab from his experience, with dark burgundy carpet lining the floor and what looked to be premium leather on the seats. He half expected to see a minibar when he turned his head, but instead, when he looked to his side, he found himself looking at the profile of a young and very attractive woman, her long dark hair untouched by the rain, her attention on a mobile device in her hands, which her thumbs were tapping away at.
The street was illuminated by the streetlights lining the pavement, and for a moment, John was lost in the simple beauty of it all. When he was young, he’d dreamed of coming to the city; and then, when his sister had moved out of their childhood home (more out of necessity than by choice), she’d gotten the chance to live near the action, in a small flat with her then-girlfriend in Greenwich. Though he could hardly remember it (he’d only visited once), he recalled the experience being quite nice, even though he hadn’t escaped the fighting, as Tanya and Harry argued almost-constantly. But the scenery was prime.
looked like something he might encounter in the ER as a result of a freak accident. The sufferer of an injury like this would likely be far past dead, but Halloween costumes weren’t necessarily revered for their accuracies.
“He’s over there,” Kent’s voice sounded, and rapid footfalls quickly followed. Another gunshot; another bullet hitting metal. John took a breath; he knew that if he rounded the machinery to stay out of eyesight of Kent, and ‘Bids,’ and everyone else in the room, Kent would follow him - which would put Sherlock in the line of fire. A phantom ache in his left shoulder reminded him that he’d already been shot once. He’d died on the operating table. He’d been through hell, spent months in recovery, had his livelihood stripped from him, spent months after the fact wishing he’d died and contemplating finishing the job himself. Would he rather go through all of that again, or risk the life of someone else?
A flurry of motion to his left was followed by a loud grunt, and the sickening crack of something solid impacting skull, and John watched with awe as Pavel’s awareness left his pale blue eyes. The man slumped and fell, half on top of John, who squirmed and quickly pushed the man off of him with no small amount of effort. Hastily, he rose on shaking legs, chest heaving, head and body aching, and as he looked down at Pavel’s unconscious form, his tongue darted out habitually to wet his lips - only to be met with the strong taste of warm copper.
I figured I should mention, though I'm sure it goes without saying, that the addresses I have used thus far in the story are fictional. The Montague Street address is a nod to canon, and according to Google Maps, Montague Street is adjacent to the British Museum. 7 Montague is also a hotel or something. So yeah, it's all fake, it's all lies; it's all for the sake of the story. I figure it doesn't matter to most of you, but I thought I ought to mention it.
. A fair amount of rain and a bit of stumbling. And then warmth.
John instinctively raised his hands, and glanced at Sherlock to see the younger man rolling his eyes and half-heartedly putting his hands in the air by his shoulders, palms facing outward, looking for all the world like a horribly inconvenienced, stroppy teenager.
His train of thought was disrupted by the noise of one of Sherlock’s shoes shifting against the plastic lid of the bin, and John moved to offer a hand – which Sherlock took without hesitation – to help the man down. With the agility of a large cat, Sherlock leapt down, feet barely making a sound when they made contact with the gravel, black coat billowing dramatically around him before he stood to his full height, releasing John’s hand and looking back at the building he’d just peered into.
John’s head tilted in a way that made something in Sherlock’s chest ache with fondness. “What for?” the man asked, and he sounded genuinely perplexed, as though the apology was entirely unfounded and unnecessary.
