After that, they just talked for a while, about fun things, school, whatever they felt like talking about.
Ashley noticed the other two. “Sheriff! Mr. Singer!” She smiled and she sat down, holding her crutches on the floor. “You guys are here!”
“Why don’t you go take a shower or something kiddo? You might feel better.” Ashley lifted her head at the response, crunching her nose. “Mmmmmmmm no thanks. Not right now. I haven’t showered in 7 weeks, not starting now.”
Jack smiled and was eager to share, “amazing! I love Sioux Fall High.”
Dean sighed. “We’re gonna have to call them, they should be here in the morning to pick her up.”
“Here?”
She smiled. “You got it bucko.” She put headphones in (why- its class?) pulled her beanie over her ears and walked away. Ashley, her name was, started singing the song earlier. She seemed so.. Different from before? She had been panicky and awkward and was now bouncy and taking charge.
“So, I think we should set up a plan,” Sam said. “We’re excited to have you here, but we probably should talk a bit more. Age, how we can help, and just in general, getting to know each other more.”
“I recognize Blackwood,” Jack said. “It was in Jon’s journal. 1996. Hunt in London, a couple called the Blackwoods.” Martin looked down at the words.
He felt the Lonely creeping up the chair. He didn’t want to talk about the Institute anymore, but Sam kept pressing. “What caused it to get destroyed?” Dean pulled Sam back, but was just scorned by the younger sibling.
After a bit, Ashley had a small rectangle, and began to slightly roll her shoulder. She sighed, casting off the project. Rowena looked up as Ashley did it. The girl looked up at Rowena.
(See the end of the chapter for
literally me just only writing fluff and ANGST-
(See the end of the chapter for
“I spent years working there, because if you quit, you die.” he stated. “You wither away as the bond tightens, until you can’t leave. And then you’re sacrificed to one of the others. He knows it all,” he mournfully said. “Those that go, never leave. There’s four ways out of that place. Sell your soul, blindness, Jonah dies, or you do first.”
They all sat down around the middle table. Martin pulled Jon in close. “Go read a statement. You’re  going to burst. Front pocket of my bag,” he whispered in Jon’s ear. Jon looked at him softly, heart melting. He felt horrible for leaving, but he was really going to burst.
“It's fine kid, just ask me for help next time and we can do it together.” he offered with a smile. Jack gave him a grin back and nodded, before running off to get ready.
“Hey.” he timidly let out, and Dean gave him a shaky one in return. He shivered for a second, taking his glasses off to clean them. “Well, that turned out poorly, didn’t it?
Sam shook his head though, he started to feel a bit bad, he knows what it’s like to feel- he didn’t know. Shouldn’t change his opinion. “Really, I agree.”
She scoffed, “that Panopticon dream. Silly fool, dreaming of a ‘Fearpoolypse’ as if he could start one. He’d never find a worthy Archivist.” Martin rubbed the back of his neck.
Cas gave him an odd look. “I suppose. When did you meet said friend? I’d like to hear more about her.”
Lukas groaned, eyes dazedly opening. He shuddered when he saw Martin. “Lovely. Here to gloat? Where's the other love-bird.”
Sam’s eyes widened. “Jon’s head archivist? But why’s he glowing and reciting that?”
Thank you!
“There’s your proof, ROwena,” he whispered as they arrived, Dean barely picking it up. “That’s Lukas.” Dean felt rage sparking in his chest. This was the man that made MArtin an Avatar?
She squirmed, and her head began to twitch again. “Shh.” Alice said. “These two do look lovely Taylor, your right.” Beaut let out a growl, and Miracle got into a crouch. Alice rolled her eyes at the dogs.
“I love you too!” Martin yelled as he walked to the nearby diner. He pulled out some money- they had gotten American currency earlier. The diner was small, and Martin was unsure of what he expected as he walked into the place, removing his glasses and wiping them off. He got a few odd looks, he chalked them up to a small town.
Ashley:
Martin raised his head, standing up from his hug with Jon. “Sorry. Martin Blackwood, this is Jon.” Cow let out a noise. “Sorry, and this guy’s Cow.” Jack looked ecstatic at Cow, “Would you like to pet her?” he asked cautiously. Jack looked to Mary, who gave a nod, and Jack ran over.
A tear slipped down his face. “She did good, but she got hurt. I- its my fault,” he admitted mournfully. “It’s my fault, isn’t it.” Dean pulled the kid into a hug, whispering that it was not because of him.
Ashley: child.
It was pitch black, and Ashley rushed back into the room, and into her backpack, grabbing her beanie, which had a flashlight, and her headlamp. She threw it on and smiled at Jack, handing him the headlamp. “Panic packing is convenient right now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean was shocked at the hug, before slowly returning it. He wouldn’t lose the kid. He would keep him safe, and be a decent big brother.
He blearily opened his eyes, before finally registering the alarm, and waking up. After realizing, he got up quickly, and threw a jacket on. “Right,” he said. “Your right, intruder alarm. Sorry,” he apologized, “You stay here, I’ll go out.” She shook her head.
Jack/Ashely talk with the dogs for a bit.
Rowena did have one question. “Your head,” she explained, “keeps twitching dear, and you keep praying. Why?”
The guilty culprits to the mess were obvious, Sam and Jack. He groaned and threw his hands up, before walking over, letting out a mere grunt before shoving them away. He tossed out the current batch of, whatever that was, apparently it was pancakes according to the blue box sitting on the counter haphazardly.
They walked into Jody’s house for the weekly meal. She welcomed them all in, and gave a big smile. “Boys! How’s work? And school!’
Ashley cut her off, “witch! Your -” she grinned, “no way. I mean- I believe you, just the expression y’know.”
They were heading to Kansas, to find one John Winchester. Jon wouldn’t kick his butt, yet, anyways, but he wouldn’t hesitate to use his Eye powers on him.
“Okay.” Martin said.
Ashley: bro fr is this too early in the am
“And controlling it?”
Rowena internally rolled her eyes. Of course, she had to do this. “Yes,  werewolf. Any questions?”
Jack patted Beaut’s head, and she rolled onto her back, paws up. They laughed, content with how it was. By the time it hit 1am, they packed up and went to bed. Jack assured her she would get a proper cot for the week, and offered his own, but she denied and slept on the floor, her dog curled up on her feet.
Child meets a certain witch.
“You got attacked by a werewolf, but I heard you did quite well.” Rowena offered. The girl- Ashley, blinked a few times.
“Rowena,” she sweetly said, “And how did you get in here?” she maneuvered herself away from Martin, inching closer to the kitchen block.
Alice loosened her grip on Ashley, who suddenly whipped out her bottle of oil and water and sprayed it. “Duck Jack!” she yelled, and he dropped to the ground. She spritzed it rapidly, landing all around the air, and in the vampire’s face. It let out a screech and fell to the ground, clawing at its face. The werewolf tried to move to Ashley, who spritzed it in theri face as well. They let out a yelp, before looking even more angry. It may have worked for the vampire, but the werewolf just looked pissed.
She thought she was safe for a second, but suddenly, she was back in her first thought- get off carpet. She hopped a few feet away, off the carpet, but her mind went off again to get back onto the carpet. She shook her head violently, as if it could solve her issues. The lights turned red.
Jody nodded as they all walked into the kitchen. “Course! Why wouldn’t we be?” she held her hand up for a high-five, which was met with Ashley’s hand.
Miracle and Beaut stood in front of the two,teeth bared and growling. This time, they’d all be ready.
Cas smiled. “Jack’s friend from school. She was here for a sleepover and the werewolf tracked us back here.” Rowena nodded, shaking away the pang of sadness that clipped her. She focused on her work.
“John? Your fiance? Isn’t he your father?” she said confusedly, setting her duster tool down.
(See the end of the chapter for
I was making this all wholesome and I had to im sorry-
“How exactly do your eye powers work?” Cas asked, pulling out his chair, and grabbing a pen from the table.
“Dean,your lack of empathy is worrying me. Her mom still had to have two surgeries and radiation. She had to sit through two surgeries, one with her mean grandma breathing down her neck and the other with her mom's friends and aunt, who talked to each other, which basically left her alone. Her grandma stopped talking to them, Ashley’s brother was in college- he couldn’t help a ton. She picked up housework, cleaning, caring for her mom, school, activities, laundry and cooking.” Bobby chimed in.
Sam started to lean forward again, “so, as we were earlier saying. What exactly is the Lonely?” Martin flinched at the mention, reminded of the fog.
“I’m Martin,” he explained, “this is Cow.” he pointed to the cat, who walked to their bowl. Martin grabbed the food from the lowest shelf, which they had done for Jon,  and poured into the bowl. “You are?”
However, while Jack was there, Rowena did ask some questions. Some about the werewolf claws, how is he doing, but then, “What of the girl’s parents?”
“Okay then.” Cas said quickly. They ended up leaving soon after, leaving Rowena alone in the room. She had told them all to go get some sleep, she had gotten enough and was fine to keep watching.
He helped him when Martin is Lonely, and started to drift. Dean seemed to stick to Martin if he’s alone, or if Jon wasn't with him.
“The Lonely is isolation. It’s a forgetful, cold fog that holds you in and turns you numb, away from everyone else. Makes you sad, tired.” Martin said slowly. “I didn’t willingly join. Lukas told me it was the only way to protect Jon and I just had to.”
It was  a bit of a rush to reach the school on time to get all three out the door. Bobby came out at one point to yell at them to hurry up, before sending them out with some lunches.
“Got it,” she said, picking her tools up. “So he’s good then? What about your Archives then? What was that?” Martin hummed for a moment. He didn’t know what to say.
“Okay, you're a new teacher then, so I will give you a tldr of this place. Its student run 100%, all you gotta do is make sure we are not doing anything bad. And handle plant-school communications. I’m the EIC- Editor in chief, I run everything. We got our editors.” She pointed to the mid table.”and staffers are around. See? Editors manage staffers, I manage editors. We have work nights twice a week- you’ll need to be there from 4-8 on Tuesdays and Wednesdays, and Friday is one too, a special one off for us editors. I’ll share the doc for what you need to bring.”
“That makes sense,” Jack claimed, agreeing to train her. Rowena offered her own as well, which she gladly took up.
John huffed and stood up harshly. He kicked his chair out  and stomped out of the room. Martin turned his head into his shoulder. “Martin,” Mary asked. “What about your mother?”
Thank you guys! I just hit 1700 total reads, it means a ton!
Thanks!
If you can’t tell, Martin Bad Driving is loved here. Also, Martin shall be using lonely powers here I stand by that
Layla chuckled. “Of course- the Winchester’s are a Lebanon legend. They live in the bunker off of the freeway, impossible to miss. Just keep going down this street.” Layla’s eyes flickered to the back table, where the men who were watching him sat. “Have a nice day!” she said kindly.
“Old friends, love them.” she decided on. Ashley accepted the answer.
The kid was about to cry. “Yeah,” she let out a small laugh. “I figured that. Um okay then.”  she paused and did some form of breathing exercise before gazing around the room.
Jody stood. “Boys. It's not just ‘a little anxiety’. That girl has to fight so much. She’s 16, and has so much more than ‘anxiety’. On top of those two, she's depressed and has got OCD, and her ADHD. Therapy isn’t ridiculous- it's helping this girl.”
He gave the kid a smile. “No, bud,” he said, looking up at him and putting a hand on his shoulder before nodding. “You did great. Look at that, you got it under control!” Martin grinned, looking like the young cryptid he was, and pulled Dean into a hug.
He started to lose focus, his mind’s hold fading quickly. He heard vague calls through the fog, but the more it called, the more it got distorted. Martin tried to shake his head, recalling again about his family. He repeated his mantra of how he’s not alone.
Ashley looked up at the kid. “Not your fault you goof. I made me go with you.  But you're explaining the werewolf thing. I’m open to the idea but what. The. heck. Why were we attacked on the sleepover!??!”
“That should be good enough Martin.” Martin removed the swab and passed it over to Jon, who tucked it in the box. They walked out to the mailbox together, Cow the cat in Jon’s arms. Martin placed it in carefully.
Sam pitched in, “I’ll be with you too.” Cas said he would be, Mary, and Jack answered too.
The silence returned for a moment. “Do you want me to try now?” Jon questioned, placing his hand on his book and pushing it further away to leave the table clear.
Sure! Let me check with my dad. Would you mind if I brought my dog as well?
martin is uhhhhh kinda having to talk about being cryptid
Jack gave her an odd look. “In the car, I guess. I don’t listen to a lot of music outside of that.” He rolled his head, and analyzed her expression. She seemed to be vibrating with excitement, a wide smile on her face.
Jack:
Some time later, the bandages on, the girl asleep, three adults watching over her to ensure there’s no side effects from the curses. Jack entered the room a few times, Jody, Bobby and Dean too, before taking Jack back out again.
Jody sighed and placed her hands on the table. Alex just stood up and exited the room, and Claire followed suit, taking Jack along. “Boys,” she explained. “You can still have a rough life without those things. She doesn’t really talk to her pa much. Her parents, they got a divorce 5 years ago. There’s quite a bit of stress there, and she had to help take care of her mom. She got some intense separation anxiety for quite a while.”
Martin sat awkwardly in the front seat, his bags at his feet and Cow in his lap. Jon was in the backseat, and his father was driving. The silence was excruciating.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Students are good i guess. There’s this one kid that we all got. She might be possessed though. She keeps doing weird stuff in my choir class and Sammy’s lit and yearbook.” They sat down at the table and started to put food onto their plates.
Jon shrugged. “What’s up?” he asked casually, sensing that something was up. He shut his book and pushed it to the side, as Cas and Sam sat down.
They stayed like that for a bit, just watching Ashley be taken care of by Sam and Dean. “Hey,” Dean said eventually, “I’m gonna make a call and clean up. You should head out soon too, you need to get away from this.”
“I’m not a Lukas, I promise, I’m just,” he sighed, “I’m a servant of the Avatar. Lukas was my boss. He was an annoying old man who made me teach him how e-mail works. I’m just anAvatar now. The Archives is all an Avatar, but we escaped I promise!”
“Let go of him.” a voice growled, . The three turned- but Martin didn’t need to do so- it was Jon. While they were turned, Martin rashly threw his head back and into the man holding his arms, utilizing the Lonely to hide himself, his instincts kicking in. He had picked up a few things from Lukas. He grabbed Jon’s arm, careful of his cane, sprinting to the car. He sighed in relief at the sign of Cow sitting in the back seat.
Jack shut his eyes. Better than he expected but kinda worse than he hoped. “You were fine with the werewolf before!”
Martin contemplated, “he doesn't know a ton,  or well anything except what I’ve said, he’s just helping me not get thrown away in fog when I’m home without anyone.” Rowena nodded.
He moved his hand from his head, and tried to wave the fog away, to clear the room. He let out a sigh as the fog moved in the direction of his hands. He continued waving, blocking out the fog. He suddenly could see Dean. Martin let out a small smile.
Hi! thanks for reading!
No, she couldn’t stop breathing. That’s illogical. Illogical. But it didn’t matter she had to do it, she had to stop for…. What was it this time? She waited for a response that she knew wouldn’t come, and just decided to go for as long as she could.
JAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCK HI BB :)
(See the end of the chapter for
Jon began to feel for the Eye, something he had hoped to not do, but in order to defend his family, he would. He stopped though, as soon as he saw the older man. “Martin, why does he look like you but older?”
“Actually,” he said, “he kinda started one. We ended it though, and reversed it. Elias didn’t have much of a world-wide effect but it hit us pretty hard. No one else really remembers it.” He sniffed.
He opened his mouth to tell Martin to stop, but before he could, Martin’s glasses filled with fog, and the fog suddenly was all he could see. He still had his circle, but his breath was foggy and he could feel a drop in the air. He called out for Martin in an attempt to connect him back.
ADULTS GO OOPS HEHE
“Seriously,” she uttered. “You boys couldn’t figure a simple curse?” The boys sighed in relief, and then rushed to the girl to put new bandages on. Rowena rolled her sleeves up and helped apply some of the bandages. “So, who is this girl then?” she asked, confused of who she just helped.
Rowena gave a smile to comfort the kid. “Rowena MacLeod, dear. Friend of the Winchesters.”
It had been a few days. John had been essentially gone from the bunker, grumbling about going on a hunt, and just spending his time in his room. Martin had taken up spending time with Dean, learning how to cook better from him.
Ashley looked sad. “Did I kill the werewolf?” she looked unsure of the question. Rowena shook her head. She didn’t know if the girl had done so, but she looked about to crack, and she was unsure if she wanted to handle that.
Jon looked back with shock. “Um, sure,” he said, standing after them, grabbing his cane and following them. He stopped by his room, to both say goodbye to Martin, and Cow, and to get some clothes together. He was going hunting.
She ignored his protests. “I know how to fight. Trust me, I’m better off in a pair than alone.” He sighed and contemplated for a moment before nodding.
“Yeah? Is there anything you need to get from your house?” Martin shook his head. They had taken anything they really needed, they had clothes, statements, and a few other things. They’d get something sent from their friend  “Okay then,” Dean said, “let’s go ahead and just say the room you guys are in is officially yours then! And how about we start a twice a week training schedule? One for your individual powers, and one for hunting.”
Martin looked to the side, and realized the Lonely had once again arrived. He cursed the fact he still had such little control over it. “I’m human. I just got caught up in some,” he paused, “stuff. I’m really an archival assistant at the Magnus Institute, I swear.” He put all his energy into disappearing the Lonely, which had some effect. The rest sunk to his feet.
I MEANT JON/MARTIN SORRY GUYS
Sam gave him a smile. “Awesome.”
Med room time
Martin entered the room of their house, moving carefully around their cat they found outside when they had first arrived. He had a cotton swab in his mouth, twisting it around the side of his mouth. “Hi darling,” Martin said, giving him a smile. Jon nodded, turning to the box to scan the words on it.
Jack took care of the vampire, and began to rush to the now struggling Ashley and werewolf. Ashley pressed the silver blade onto the werewolf’s neck, which began to burn. Ashley flinched back, removing it, before the werewolf dug its claws into her shoulder again. She let out another screech before dropping off the werewolf messily, and rushing the blade into Alice’s shoulder, and then on the other shoulder.
Avatar powers gonna be OOC here im afraid bc idk!!
Cas nodded, and Sam repeated the motion. Jon sighed, and opened the Eye. “I need some more info- what kind of hunt, where.”
Ashley: heck im sorry I didnt even think
Jon let out a choked back laugh. “Martin!” he said.
Rowena waved her hand, starting to bandage Ashley’s head up. “Oh, it’s nothing at all. Just a little something that I threw in the kettle. Now, dear, what is this medicine you're taking, and why is it giving you so many issues?”
The dog began to lap her shoulder, and Ashley let out a pained noise. Jack turned to her. “Close your eyes for a sec, okay Ashley?” She nodded and willingly snapped them shut. He took care of the werewolf, and crouched next to Ashley. “Open your eyes,” he said softly, crouching on the cool floor. She opened, making the mistake to scan the room, seeing both the vampire and the werewolf. She let out another screech, before bolting up, and then reaching for her legs in pain.
“Seriously? You guys would help me out?” He looked so young there, and so desperate, clutching onto any hope left.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Did you mean V2?” she asked confusedly, before shaking her head quickly, “I got it. Oh municipality I should have checked with you,” she called, “I dug a grave in my backyard and the whole house went boom,” they continued the slow walk, “ I hit a gas line in the night and with one cigarette,” She stopped singing, and paused her walk. They reached the end of the hall, and turned to enter the kitchen.
ALSO JOIN MY DISCORD:
Her fault, was all she could think. She hopped back and forth between the two, before the non carpet area seemed like toxic.. She barely landed on the carpet before she recited her statement and then prayer until it felt correct.
Ashley scratched her face and turned, Rowena and Jack grabbing her arm around the crutches. “Hello my dudes.” She stated. “I have simply awoken from my grand sleep time.”
Also I nearly wrote the John mulaney skit when I wrote new in town
Jody shook her head. “No, families alive, her moms got a good job, she's always been pretty physically healthy.” The table had gone silent, except for the sounds of eating the remaining food.
“Hungry?” Jack asked, and she nodded. Hadn’t eaten in a day or so, however long she’d been asleep, and was exhausted.
They waded through the darkness, switching off the headlights, in case there was an intruder. It was like a murky nightmare. As they approached a crossroads, Beaut let out a small growl.
They quickly rented a car, packing in Cow’s carrier, while Martin held Cow. Jon drove, because he drives much better than Martin, and he was used to American roads. Martin plugged his phone in, playing their playlist.
Martin looked skeptical for a second, before nodding. Hunting would be important to learn about if they lived with each other. They had to be prepped.
Ashley: CHILD
Martin chuckled. “Gone. A long time ago.” His head lifted. Mary muttered a sorry, and he shrugged. Cow hopped onto the table, and onto Martin’s lap.
“Oh. Right. So what do you think?” Jack asked. She had been silent for their conversation, and she accepted it until the end of it.
Jack perked up when he heard it had been going off. He opened up the texts, happy to see they were from Ashley.
He whispered. “It doesn’t feel like powers. It feels like traps, like if I get too alone, I’ll be stuck in the Lonely again.” He wiped his nose, snuffling. “I can travel through it. It takes practice though. I can make myself unseen to others, and make others disappear. Shifting planes, almost.”
She gave a dazed nod. “Okay. Shelley. No, I mean Ley- no” she stammered, stuck on the word. She took an inhale. “Ashley. What happened-” she started before slowly tensing.
She cut him off. “John’s wife. The tallest is my son, Sam, the sohrest their friend Cas, and the middle one is my son Dean.” she explained. Martin nodded. He shook his feet, flicking away the cold. Jon leaned into his stiffened arm, just standing by his side.
Cats gone for the day :( neighbor had to go out.
But this kid, he has some serious power. He failed a few times at first, but as soon as the fog seeped into the floor, Dean felt it. He shivered at the mist, a cold feeling stemming from his feet and traveling up to his heart.
They were guided to a hallway. Sam and Dean both opened doors next to each other. “Here you go, two rooms for you both.”
Yeah, literature class was easier.
Sam smiled at Jack. “I’m glad we found you guys- we were worried. And we’re glad that we got to you before the werewolves and vampires did.” Jack looked down, and up again, before shutting his eyes for a second.
Dean was in charge of the choir room, as he enjoyed music a lot. It was lucky that the teacher had taken some time off from teaching, which left the position temporarily open. He walked into the classroom, a few minutes late because he was unaware of the location. On a half circle of stands, 20ish kids stood in front of him. They looked at him oddly, probably because he was not their normal teacher.
yEs I have an entire playlist I’ll post of the songs I’m talking of.
“I got one question kid,” Dean offered. “What was that mint?” Ashley laughed.
She scoffed. “As if Lukas. I didn’t come to the fourteenth wedding for a reason.”
“Creepy,” he decided. “Horrid. Dark and Dreaded.” He tried his breathing exercises, blocking out the fog he so despised. “Inescapable mostly.” Rowena wasn’t responding, so he turned his head.
Alarm goes off o no
Rowena smiled, “well then, I should’ve just assumed upon your height. Any brother of the Winchester’s is an acquaintance of mine. I have to do a bit of research and organizing, will you join me?”
“I’ll get a shovel,” was the response, from a tired looking Cas, standing next to Sam, Dean, Jody, and Bobby.
He grabbed a variety of them, including a vampire and demon blade. “Nothing except stuff on werewolves and vampires.” She shut the computer, and walked over to Jack, who had already shut the box.
brother bonding
“Fathers! And Sam!” Jack called out, seeing Cas, Dean, and Sam walk out of the library/kitchen area to where the group was. Ashley’s dad was glancing around a bit, before nodding to the adults.
They were teachers now, in Souix falls. Great. Bobby had convinced them to get a job, and the school Jack was attending was hiring. They figured that it would, yknow, be worth it.
Jon blinked. They wanted his help? To find hunts. Would it even work? He contemplated how the Eye could find hunts, and he turned his head to the side.
Martin looked wide-eyed. “No way. Jon- you don't think,” he turned to his fiance, who just shrugged.
Dean nodded. “Alright. How about you try summoning some of the fog now?”
A few hours after they left, the girl woke up. She let out a small groan, and suddenly, the dog that was on the floor was now on the cot, sitting on the girl’s leg- the unhurt section of course. “Beaut, bubs,” the girl muttered. “Off. That hurts.”
Thanks!
There was Dean, who was cleaning up the mess. He had already salted and burned the- JAck stopped. He pulled a rag from the steel rack, and walked over to Dean. Dean tried to protest his help, but Jack just plopped onto the hardwood floor and started to help out. He picked up the books, and the whole room smelled of mint. He chuckled at that.
Sam shook his head. “That still doesn’t sound too bad. Plus- 5 years is a while.”
THATS GOT SOME WHOLESOME TIMES PLEASE
“OKay, what about this. Try and focus on ]welcoming the fog, instead of forcing it.” Dean offered. Martin nodded, shutting his eyes and opening his mind to the Lonely. He imagined the crisp feeling as a hug, the time he and Jon were at the beach together.
aka dean tries to help martin
Did she cause it? She did her compulsions just as she was supposed to. She got the intense urge to stand on one foot, so she tried the left one. A voice- her one, but distorted, but right, screeched at the wrong one. She stood on her right, breathing intensifying. She looked down.
“Reminded of that chat I had,” Martin said softly “with Elias. When he-” Jon nodded his head, Martin sighing in relief. Cow walked over from the foot of the bed, sitting in between Jon and Martin.
She stood frozen, starin at the ball of mist fading in front of Martin, “you're not  a Winchester,” she spat, “you’re a Lukas, just like that vile monster Peter.” Martin flinched at the mention of his former boss. Rowena began to speak in Latin, holding out her palms.
“It was horrible.” Martin admitted, “and no. It was destroyed.” Sam’s face fell.
“It’s about 4pm Ashley.” she stated. Ashley grabbed her head carefully.
What was she standing on? Carpet. Like the carpet at Ma’s. Not like the one at Dads. Not like that tightly knit school one- which reminds her of that one time she had a bug flopping around, that bug that grabbed onto the carpet and flung its other half up- what type of bug is it? Never found out at all, and it really is a prominent issue.
Martin froze up. “Yes?” he said, not moving from his half-hug with Jon.
Martin passed Cow off, her meows falling as she left his arms. “So, your Mary Winchester then? You’re-”
Suddenly, a path in the fog cleared, and another. Suddenly it was gone, and Martin was standing in front of Dean, declaring how it failed.
Rowena quietly picked the dog up, holding it out and placing it on the unoccupied area of the cot. The dog adjusted itself so it was touching the girl’s leg- barley, but still touching her leg nonetheless.
Martin peeked his eyes open, letting out a shock of surprise when he found the floor coated in fog. He saw Dean shivering, and guilt pricked at him. As soon as he felt it, the fog cleared away from Dean in a circle. Static and cracks filled the silence.
He sighed. “Seriously though, she's what, 14, 15 then? I did that with Sammy when I was four.”
Dean was terrified. He doesn’t know if he loves his youngest brother yet, but he feels like he needs to fulfill the role that he failed  to do with the other Winchester sibling. He and Sam messed up with the middle Winchester, and wouldn't let it happen to this one.
Thank you !!
Soon, the imaginary feeling surrounded him, enveloping and crawling through the air. He heard Dean chuckle. “Okay, that’s good. Why don’t you try and move the fog? Open your eyes.”
Ashley gasped and turned to Jack. “Give me headphones now. I swear you child- cough it up.” Jack handed her her phone and headphones, she put it in and sighed.
Ashley said goodbye, and the others followed, before Jody left. “So,” she said, “what can we do around here?”
Martin was confused. Adam? Who is he? It's not that he wasn’t fine with it, it’s just he’s currently wary of new people. But, if he knows the Winchesters, then they must be okay.
She looked confused for a second, and then thought for a second. She smiled after a minute. “Seriously? If you're serious, yes please.” She moved out of the way and gave him a big hug, muttering thanks.
“Well, fellow lost sibling,” he joked, “welcome.” Martin grinned. Adam entered, explained his own side of things, and the four seemed to click.
thanks!
(See the end of the chapter for
Ashley nodded. “It's for my anxiety, OCD, and depression. OCD mostly but it’s supposed to help the others too. I'm at a high dosage, so I have more side effects, which for me is nausea,” she yawned,” and some odd sleep schedule, and some other stuff.”
Jon hesitated, before grabbing the laptop and opening it. Martin took it, holding it on his lap, typing in the instruction on the letter.
It was Jack’s first day of high school. How could he, a junior, not be excited!! He waved at students in the hall, some giving him smiles and others ignoring him. He was heading to the Quad, but noticed a girl in particular.
Bugs, are they on her? She looked down at her legs, and whenever she felt even air pass it, she swatted her hands at it. No- no bugs, she’s not in class, she’s fine.
“Truly, finally alone. The Lonely’s taken well to you, Martin,” Lukas said, voie layered with thick static. He moved towards Martin.
Ashley broke his speech, “hey now,” she said with  a goofy tone, her face beaming with happiness, dramatically turning her head to Jack for a moment, and then back forward. “Don’t try this at home,” she clenched her fingers, and continued walking. She whipped her head to the other area, looking at Rowena. “Hey now, don’t try it. Don’t you dare try it,” she stopped.
Martin’s head perched up, “hey Dean,” he said, coughing. “Oh,” he stated, looking around at his surroundings. “We’re here.”
Jon hopped into the passenger seat, and Martin hopped in the drivers. For once, he hoped his bad driving would benefit. However, the other group was already in their own car. Martin sped out of the parking lot, racing through the main street, back where they started.
Jody made a noise. “It’s understandable, Ashley. They’re out of town, don’t know where you are, you stop responding, it makes sense. Your mom means well.”
“I just focus on what I need to find. Why?” Jon asked. The lighting of the room flickered slightly as the three sat awkwardly, the long pause of silence creating a thick air.
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLa4RMpogKyoqiahkzVPqLuW19WZfVUYhL
Rowena opened it carefully, and grabbed the girl’s bag from the side of the room. Miracle lifted her head from next to Jack, before placing it down. The boy was facing the wall, fast asleep. She exited the room and walked to the medical room.
She let out a sigh, and then cleared her throat carefully. “I didn’t get to take my meds either. Can you please go to my bag somewhere,”” she paused. “Jack’s room.”
She threw her headphones, her playlist suddenly playing songs lightly in the background.
Sam moved his hair back as well. “So- I get you’re our ‘brother’ and all,” he said, holding air quotes in his hands, “but you can’t be. You’re a,” he hesitated, “ creature of some sort. With that mist round you.”
(Asking for feedback, not saying I’ll change. None of the symptoms are fake for Ashley’s OCD)
“Seriously dad? Another? Wasn’t Adam enough?” The tall one said.
She took a breath in as Beaut stood from her position, bone in mouth. Ashley smiled and made a few noises, before tilting her head to the off-bed area. The dog happily hopped off and bolted out the door. “I love her,” Ashley laughed. “So, I assume you don’t know about me then, except you,” she looked at her legs, “really, really helped me. Thank you. Any questions for me?” she asked.
Ashley: MEET THIS CAT img.cat-tax
Messages: 15
Rowena contemplated, and agreed. She walked out of the room, down the hallway. She arrived in front of Jack’s room.
The kid’s words started getting messier and faster. “I just, my foot under my leg and it's really asleep and I can’t stop sitting on it and this uncomfortable position and I’m really getting worried.”
Jon gave him a smile, patting Cow’s side. “Wonderful plan.” Martin pulled a statement out, passing it to Jon. He waved goodbye to Martin as he left. “Love you!” he called.
Please leave me some feedback
Jack immediately nodded, and Ashley clenched her fists and handed him one pair of earbuds. They both plugged their pairs into her phone and she put on a song. “THis is one of my favorites,” she explained, “and it's kinda comedic, but it's got some of the best background I've heard.”
“Three.” the harsh response called. The car began to slow to a stop, entering a garage door into an underground space, where the others were waiting. Cow hopped onto the floor, making her way to a dog that sat on the floor. The dog sniffed Cow, before shaking its tail.
theres another sibling for real.
Jack pulled up a photo on his phone of him and Ashley. “Ashley, met at school. She’s extremely nice. I was gonna go over there to meet her neighbor's cat but she can’t show me the cat today, so she’s coming here to have a dog meetup.”
They stayed like that for a moment, before the door opened. “Hello?” a voice- Martin recognized as Adam- called, “Martin?”
She knew it wasn’t much, and she glanced around the room, seeing a small, hunting blade on the shelf. She grabbed it, clipped Beaut’s leash onto her harness, and rushed to Jack’s side. “Jack” she loudly whispered. “Jack get up, an alarm is going off! I dunno what’s happening,” another thought arrived, “or where adults are, but we gotta go I think!”
“Up and at em’ kids! Dinners ready! And it's getting late, so Ashley, either text your dad for permission to stay overnight, or we can give ya a ride after dinner.”
She held it for as long as she could, but failed the task. She had to make up for it. Praying. Just pray and she’s good. Do it right, be respectful and thankful- but first she has to say no and then clear her mental board and say no again, and do it right. She did it was many times as she could until it was right.
Ashley nodded. “If I know about it now, I should be able to handle myself so uh,” she gestured to her bandages, “this isn’t ever again.”
Ashley shut her eyes. “My uh, OCD is kind of going off right now.” She paused for a second, as if it explained everything. When she got no response, she continued. “I can't touch the floor, or stop sitting on my foot. It's hurting and really numb.”
“I know where they’re coming from, it's just also difficult is all I’m saying.” she responded, standing and heading to the sink. She turned the water on and rinsed off her plate, careful of moving her shoulders too much.
“Kentucky. Get me a piece of paper, I’ll get a more specific address.” Sam passed him paper, Cas his pen. He scribbled down a location and a few odd details, and pushed the paper and pen forward.
“Some vampires and werewolves tracked us down after we got their combined nest, and uh,” he paused for a second, “some chased us back here. Bunker power went down, and we shut the Bunker down and back on a gain. We think we got them all, there were only two that found us. But we gotta be careful, there might be more.”
“We’ve been through worse. We fought so many worse.” he rambled. “The fear-pocalypse, we survived that. Cow even survived that!” He helped Jon over the branches and thick greens, his cane and limp hindering his ability to travel. Cow sat in Martin’s bag, which was slung over his shoulder.
Jack shook his head. “No, they’re out of town for a while. I told her she could stay with us instead of her grandma.”
He had pushed him too far, didn’t he? He was gonna lose him. Dean’s thoughts spiraled, until a tall figure slammed into him, before scrambling back. Dean called out again, a desperate hope barely remaining.
(See the end of the chapter for
Rowena scrunched her nose. “Please, Rowena. Mrs. MacLeod is too formal for me.” Ashley nodded, and raised her hands near her ear, feeling the air for something.
Dean didn’t know where they were. He could feel the crisp air, spray of water. Noises of static and waves crashing mashed into him. The marine layer overtook his sightline, a levitating figure in the foreground.
“She’s a protective pup. Sitting outside the door on guard.” Rowena mentioned. Ashley let out a snort of laughter.
Ashley let out a sigh. “Yeah, I should not have left my phone off,” she set her phone to the side, throwing her head upwards. “My parents are going off- they’re so pissed that I didn’t call them.”
Jon raked his hand through Martin’s hair, twirling the locks, softly humming. Martin cried a bit, clearly upset. “What do you think,” Jon asked after a bit, “about having our wedding in a field?” Martin looked up at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
The song flowed through the earphones, and Jack barely noticed Ashley’s soft humming and occasional head movements. The song had a second person singing under the main vocals, and an occasional extra voice or two. It just sounded, right, nice, good.
Ashley: my dads got practice :(((( so my ma’s gonna come by
Sam hummed. “Interesting. How much control do you have over it?” Martin scrunched his nose. “Not much. With instinct, I can do well, but aside from that, not much.”
Thanks!
Martin sighed. “Another Avatar. When Jonah made Jon Head Archivist, he was initiated into the Beholding without knowing. He needs to read statements to feed it. He’s not hurting anyone, he’s just reading.”
“Martin!” she called. “We need to go back,” she insisted. “But first, get this brutal marine layer out of here.”
The werewolf clutched its shoulders, screaming and collapsing to the ground. Ashley stomped her foot down onto the werewolf’s back, to ensure they wouldn’t get up to attack again. “Jack!” she called out wearily, the dark library now seeming eerily silent.
“Wait, we aren’t!” Jon said, trying to explain.
(See the end of the chapter for
She held her phone out, “wanna swap phone numbers?” Jack took her phone and handed her his. As he finished putting his number in, she received a text from someone who wasn’t saved in her contacts, and Jack quickly handed the phone back. Ashley read it, muttered thanks and deflated. She groaned and the group turned to her. “Therapy!” she called out, and the others nodded, and Olivia patted her on the back.
Martin sputtered for a second, recognizing the mistake. “No, no, not John winchester. He’s my dad. My Jon, is from the UK. Different people.”
“Well,” she said, “I’ve got your bag. But Jack, who’s sleeping, had your phone.” Ashley’s eyes lit up and she spouted thank you’s. She was handed the bag, and she pulled out a few things. She started with a bone- but not a bone bone. It was a dog bone, and she handed it to Beaut, who gratefully took it. She then took out a colorful box with many containers. She turned one of the containers up, and took a few pills. She sighed after taking them and laid back. She then pulled out a ball of purple and red yarn, and a hook.
“Yeah. I appreciate you letting her stay in the class. Her mum’s on the way down, and she’s gonna help out. But would you- uh, mind calling the school psychologist? She might be able to give a hand.” The voice continued.
JACK IS SAD
Bobby turned to Dean and Sam, more angry and disappointed. “Boys-I thought I raised you better than that. This girl is dealing with some serious anxiety, she’s been diagnosed by some doctor in town, it's pretty bad- therapy twice a week.”
Beaut was disgusted by the bath, but Miracle seemed okay with it. It was all they could do to not think of the girl in the med room.
Ashley: come over dude please meet cat we can hang out
“Can I maybe try and w-a-l-k?” Ashley spelled out all the letters. She got some odd looks, “I mean I can’t just say the word in front of her,” she pointed to Beaut.
Jack:
He returned to the class, sitting at his desk, his ears barely picking up the ‘I need to go to my next class’. He smiled at that, how the kid still wanted to attend school after all that. Reminded him of Sam and his antics.
JOdy just shut her eyes for a moment. “There's more to the story. Her house started falling apart right after her dad left, so her mom had to fix 10 large issues in a month in December. Then her mom got cancer. It was stage 0 luckily, but it could've been bad.”
Please Leave Comments It Makes Me Happy or dont ig if you dont want to i will be Happy if you do what is the best for you
“”Hey. I’m Mr. Winchester, your new teacher. Anyone wanna fill me in?”
“I knew this was a mistake!” Martin scoffed loudly, turning onto the highway. He spotted the old car just now turning on. “Too late to buy tickets home?” he asked Jon.
Rowena looked up for a second, before looking back down. “Is it helping at all?” Ashley laughed.
“Jon, you say, is quite strong then, isn’t he? And you too,” she observed. She pulled her sleeves up, and Martin blushed.
Something was burning. The first thing through Dean’s mind at- he turned his head to the side- 7:04 am. He groaned, rolled out of bed, and mauvered downstairs.
The alarm didn’t stop when she pressed the button, it kept going, she knew that it wasn’t an alarm she heard before. This was her worst nightmare. How did she get here? The second she opened her eyes, and wasn’t facing the same wall she’d woken up to for years, she felt panic spark in her chest like a fire. She scampered up, before remembering that she was at Jack’s home. She let out a sigh, turning towards Jack’s bed, where he was slowly waking up.
“Digging a friend a grave,” they sang in unison, “when the road gets tough ahead you can just dig a grave, throw a friend in instead,” Ashley hit Jack in the shoulder, gently with her hand, “no don’t go back to that comfortable bed, oh you’ll dig a grave with me!”
“I’m sorry what do you mean monsters are all real and you hunt them,” Ashley said. Jack had just finished explaining the hunting life and his family. “I mean I get that but” she let out a noise.
He held out a hand. “G’day mate, name’s Oliver. Pleasure to meet you. Sorry, just dropped Shelly off after my practice finished” he paused for a second, “I just wanted to say hey before the kids went off, make sure we swap numbers in case of emergency.” Each of the three adults introduced themselves and took his hand. They began the exchange of numbers, leaving the kids and dogs alone.
She jumped up, arms flailing dangerously as she did so. “Okay.” She let out a suppressed chuckle. “So, I just listen to the same song over and over again quite a bit, and after a while, you just hear all the complexities of the song and how unique and amazing it is.” She closed her eyes, jumped a few more times and flopped onto the floor with a finality. “So,” she smiled, “would you like to listen with me?”
Cas spoke up. “We can help with that.” Martin looked surprised.
“Not happening Jack.” she said, tightening her grip on Beaut’s leash and walking towards the door, grabbing her own jacket, tucking her bottle in one side, the open hunting blade in the other.
“Scratches around your legs, several in your shoulder, one on your stomach, and one on your head,” Rowena stated, while finishing up with the other leg. Ashley squirmed for a moment and clutched her stomach. “Not feeling well?” she said as she moved the hands to check the stomach bandage.
COW THE CAT
“I suppose,” he offered, after figuring out a way it could possibly work.
Jon was unsure of this. Martin wanted to find his father, to talk with him. It made sense to Jon, closure was a necessary thing for Martin in this situation. And just because he didn’t agree, doesn’t mean that Jon won’t be there by Martin’s side.
Plot in this fic? More likely than you think.
HI EVERYONE
Jack and Ashley have a run in with werewolf and vampire. Where are audlts v irresponsible.
Martin sat down at the counter, feeling eyes on him. He scanned the room, seeing a variety of people staring, but one group of men, some large- scary looking people. They reminded him of the Hunt, but he didn’t sense the presence around them. He felt the Lonely tugging at him protectively, swirling around his fingertip.
“Martin,” Jon’s voice softly called. “Are you sure you want to do this?” MArtin nodded as he opened the web page, keyboard responding as his fingers logged in. Martin started to feel fog pooling at his feet, but a warm hand placed itself on his arm. The website popped up, showing his results.
He pushed forward, feeling the sand kicking up into his shoes “Martin!” he called, searching for his brother. The figure began settling onto the ground, and crumpling into a pile. Dean picked up the pace, sprinting through the beach and arriving at Martin. “Kid,” he said, looking at the teen laying on the sand.
Ashley thought for a moment. “Normal I guess. For me at least. I’ve had it for about five ish years but I just got help a few months ago.” she sat against the wall, positioning a pillow between her head and the wall. “It’s hard. All day it's compulsions, intrusive thoughts, effecting me in some way. No peace.”
“You don’t have to stop the, Ey,” Sam said with a confused tone, “we don’t mind.”
Rowena sat in her chair. “I’m very sorry Ashley.” THe girl shrugged.
How are you doing? I would love to come over and meet Cat. And it wasnt too early, I just forgot my phone in another area.
Rowena remained standing. “It’s good to see you, boys, but I’m off to the medical room to do what I can.” She turned and exited the kitchen.
Martin laughed as he swept the dust into a pile. “It was. Worked in a library before that. I was an archival assistant, not The main one. That was Jon, my fiance”
A girl to the left on the middle riser, who was talking to some of the others smiled, and raised her hand politely. “We need to warm up- just choose one of us to lead it, and then we can work on our songs!”
Jack looked up. “No- they won’t.” They all turned their heads to him.
“It’s not safe, Ashley” he reasoned.
“Okay. I’m gonna head out, feel better kid,” she said to Ashley.
(See the end of the chapter for
They all were silent for a second. “That-” Sam said, “oddly makes sense. Good work.” Ashley beamed at that, and thanked him.
She was flicking her fingers, coughing at random intervals before repeating lyrics, and.. Seemed to be praying? Jack looked quizzidly at her, before walking over. “Hi!” The girl looked up in surprise, before smiling carefully back.
FROM THIS PLACE AND R/OCD
Breathing. She had to breathe specifically. She had to breathe in two deep, two small, in out with nose only. But then, seconds later it wasn’t right, now she had to- she had to stop breathing.
“Hello!” she enthusiastically returned. “Can I have one sec please?”
"Of course, you're a Winchester," Dean said with a smile.
“Really, nother?” she said.
Rowena smiled. “Finally, you’re up. C’mon, bandage changing time,” she said. Ashly nodded and sat up gently. She looked down and noticed the gash on her stomach, and the stinging pain when she sat her head against the wall.
Rowena spoke quietly. “Sweetie, are you awake?” The girl let out a noise. She opened  her eyes, looking around.
Ashley: shes FREAKED out lollllll
He nodded. “I am not, I’m your new teacher.” The kid stood, looked at him and nodded to the back half of the room- a green room.
He sighed, “want me to call anyone?” the only received response as a shaking of the head. For a few minutes he sat at his desk in silence, and she sat at hers. After the silence, she waved him over and put the phone on spreaker. She pointed to it. “You want me to talk?” and she nodded.
This was whiplash from the rest. Who was this kid, just jumping in and ordering everyone around? He looked closer and recognized her as the kid from the morning. He shook his head. That didn't mean anything, but he has handled worse. A teenager is nothing compared to everything he’s seen.
By the time the dogs were leaned up, and dried, Dean had decided to make some food. It was extremely early in the morning, and they figured they might as well eat something together. It had been a long night.
Jack thought for a moment. They already had plans to hang out the entirety of the week during the day. “Wait,” he said. “I got an idea. What if you stay here?”
The Lonely flooded into his feet, trying to suck him away. “I- I’m a British archivist assistant! I’m here with my partner!” he said quickly. The tallest man stood menacingly, despite Martin having an inch or two on him.
Ashley:
Jody gaped at her. “7 weeks! Ashley!” Ashley simply smiled and put her head facing Jack, who did the dishes.
wait till Jody gets word of this AH-
She stepped up to the girl, examining the claw marks. She pulled some of her supplies out of her bag, and mashed them together. After a few minutes of examining the wound, and narrowing things down, it was clear what it was- a simple curse to prevent the healing. “Smart werewolf” she muttered, before placing the concoction on the girl’s wounds and muttering a spell. The wounds turned green, and then red again. The dog at the feet of a bed let out a yelp of surprise.
“The ire,” Jon said in a trance, “The never ending, never quieting fire. Crackling on, no matter where I go. In my home, IN the shop, on the streets. There’s always the sound. Even underwater.”
“Yeah,” he asked, “why?”
well. family bonding and wedding.
Ashley opened her mouth to speak, but her eyes widened. Jack turned to see a tall man standing there. Ashley untied Beaut’s leash as quickly as possible, as Jack held up a blade. “Who are you.” Jack insisted.
“So how many children do you have?” Jon asked again, and Martin could tell- there was no beholding behind this. It was all Jon.
“Yeah, I can do that.” he stepped to his desk and scanned the list of numbers before punching it in and reaching a dial tone. He threw an apologetic look over his desk to Ashley, and she nodded. A few minutes later, two women entered the room. One rushed over to the girl, clearly about to burst into crying and worried.
“THen how’s he look like Dad?” The tallest hunter said.
“Jody and Bobby are very Epic I agree.” she mentioned.
“Because he’s my biological father,” Martin insisted. “I did a DNA test, John Winchester showed up as my father. I tracked  him here, and you all start going off on me!” THe blonde woman seemed hurt for a moment, and the younger hunters turned to, well, their father.
The kids weren’t bad. Honestly. They had just run through two songs, and it sounded pretty good. They were split into those who sang higher and lower, some of the kids choosing to not hit some of the notes.
Ashley and Jack were upright immediately. They gave each other a look. “You cool if I stay over Jack?” she asked cautiously, testing the waters. He answered a yes immediately. She messaged her dad and got a reply soon after. It looks like the fun wasn’t over yet.
DOGS ARE SAD
The man turned his head. “Well, you both look,” he paused, raising his lips to reveal fangs. “Lovely. Don’t they Alice?” he inched closer. Ashley let out a yelp, and JAck turned to see a person with claws and glowing green eyes. They bared their teeth. Alice placed their hand on Ashley’s hair, and then her shoulder.
Lukas oughed. “I am, but the Panopticon held onto me, just for a little longer. I’m allowed to enjoy my alone time for a few more years, but,” he said happily. “I’m just stuck in the Lonely. No way for me to get out.” he said happily, sitting up.
Martin pursed his lips. “I’m not that good t research, but I can try!” Rowena nodded, and the two went to a dust-filled room. Rowena explained the basics of what she was looking for, some books on certain spells and such.
Ashley: hmu when your done bucko <3
They reached the end of the hall, silent as could be. Jack held his hand up, signaling her to stop. He checked around the corner, and waved Ashley into the hall with him. It was too dark to see clearly, but from his best estimate, they were okay to head through.
The fog that surrounded Lukas began to disappear, and Martin smiled darkly. It kept disappearing, until barely any was left.
Dog!!!! Of course!!!!
“This isn’t my room.” she stated. Her head turned in Rowena’s direction. She  looked confused. “Who’re you?”
training sequence!
Dean gave a look of confusion. “Why can’t you just touch the floor?” It was a simple question, harmless and ith best intent in mind. But instead, she looked as if he had just cursed her.
Martin flinched noticeably at the mention of Lukas and Bouchard. “Yes.” he said smally. “More like Eliar Doucheard.” he said, getting a laugh out of a few of them.
John corrected the car, sighing. “No, I didn’t know of Martin. Haven’t heard from his mom since I was hunting a ghost in their house.” Martin set his head against the seat, patting Cow’s head.
The voice was clearer, and he felt a presence nearing him. Martin snapped out of it, the fog hanging still in the air. “Martin!” Dean called. “Martin!” Martin rushed forward into Dean, before backing up and throwing his hands onto his head.
About 20 minutes later, the Bunker Alarm went off. Jack sprinted up the stairs, Miracle on his tail. He opened the bunker door, seeing Ashley’s happy face with her signature beanie and a backpack, a wonderful Small Tri-Color Aussie Shepherd dog, and an older man, slightly shorter than Ashley was in a faded baggy black jacket with SFRC on it.
Ashley, who normally participated, refused to answer a question when asked. It was odd, she seemed skittish and glancing around every chance she had. She sat in her seat until the end of class, and made no move to exit when the bell rang. He walked over to her desk and asked, “Hey, you need something?”
Ashley plopped down on the carpeted floor, head next to Jack’s. She let out  a long sigh before pulling out a pair of headphones. She turned to Jack, face suddenly serious. “Jack, have you ever just listened to uh, the same song over and over again until you just, I dunno,” she shook her head quickly. “I take it back. Have you ever just listened to the same song over and over?”
They arrive at the airport early in the morning. The airport was busy, and they prepared their flight to Kansas. They had to get a connecting flight in New York, but it was a two hour layover. Those two hours passed rapidly. Martin clung to Jon’s side the whole time, trying his best to stay calm, but also managing Jon’s wish to feed on the stories around him. Jon placed hishea on Martin’s shoulder as they waited for their luggage.
“It's just got so many facets to it,” she explained carefully, “it changes so quick, it can fill you with emotions and then turn them away in a few moments. It can go from dark to hopeful, and just make you burst out in laughter.”
Sam nodded. He thought this was supposed to be uh easy- but it seemed like quite a bit. He gulped, unsure what exactly to do. “Oh-okay. Thanks I guess. Let me know if I need to do anything.”
Dean stepped forward. “Step away from my brother,” he insisted.
Jack got up quickly, and placed the blade against the Vampire. He really didn;t want Ashley to see this, and she was going to be attacked by the werewolf, who she just kicked in the face and gut. The werewolf just seemed amused now at her attempts, backing off for a mere second, as if playing with its prey.
Jon waved at him, and Cow flicked her tail. “Well,” Adam continued, “I am Adam, your other, older brother I guess.”
The response was immediate.
“I just wanted to introduce myself,” he initiated, poking his head into the door, “oh! Hi.”
Ashley: just lmk if you do want to hang out when u get this
“What all did I get hurt?” she asked. “No- I mean like what injuries.” Ashley remained still, except for a twitch or yelp of pain when Rowena removed the bandages, applied some mashed up thing, and rebandaged cautiously.
Dean had started off treating Martin like a child, fragile and easy to break.  But as time passed, they got closer and more comfortable. It was their first day of training. Dean haad taken Martin into the basement where there was a big, open room.
Ashley checked her phone. “Oops. Forget to text my parents.” she started typing away.
What did you guys think lol-
Dean nodded, before giving her the floor to lead the warmups. To the side, he noted that all the songs were from Beauty and the Beast or Aladdin. Not bad, but not great. He sighed, and sat back in his chair. Time to tell kids how to sing.
A few minutes later, Ashley texted her response, and was on her way, but that her dad wanted to meet them first. Jack looked over to where his parents and Sam were. “Guys,” he called. “I have a friend, she's coming over now. Is that okay?”
While the hunters argued, the blonde woman walked over, the smallest hunter, a younger boy alongside her. “So what are you called?” she said gently, testing the waters. “Mary Winchester’s mine, he’s Jack.”
“While we’re in here, we might as well clean up a bit,” she said, changing her mind, “I think this would be a lovely room for me to use as an office when I visit.” Martin nodded, and left to get the cleaning supplied. He entered minutes later, with chemicals, brooms, and dusting tools littering his hands.
Jody pulled the boy into a hug, and he let out a small sob. He pulled away from the hug and stared at the steel table. He sighed. “Hi Jody,” he offered. Bobby rolled right in next to her.
Martin takes Rowena and Dean to the Lonely.
“Only a few times, based off my time with Lukas. I just kinda of gathered how he kinda just let the fog wash over him, swapping planes. I haven’t really tested it much.”
He excited the diner, crossing the street to reach the hotel. He turned his head, feeling a presence keeping an eye on him, like he felt in the diner. He crossed around the back of the motel to reach the cars, so he could grab Jon another statement, and Cow’s food. Cow, the adventurer he is, was sitting on the top of the car hood. He got the items, and was suddenly slammed into the wall.
It was a careful process, but she made it down the hall safely. The first few steps were the worst, her pin all she could think of.
jack and ashley have wholesome bonding over music.
Mary’s cold gaze softened. “No, no it's okay. I’m glad you're here. Family’s important. What do you say we grab your stuff and ride back to our house together? You can stay with us while we figure this out.” Martin looked to Jon, who shrugged, indicating Martin’s choice.
Question: does this feel like an accurate portrayal? Is there anything you disagree with or agree with?
Martin nodded.
Martin wanted to test something. Dean could sense it. He had that look on his face like every time they tried something new. Suddenly, Fog coated Martin’s glasses.
Suddenly, Jon started speaking, the knowledge in his head as if he knew it before starting the process.
She took a duster and began cleaning a few shelves, while Martin swept the open back area. After a bit, Martin spoke up. “This reminds me of the Archives,” he said carefully. “Back at the Institute, I had to live in a place like this for months. Got me better at organizing though, that’s for sure.”
He’s a teacher now, he needs to set examples for the others. She did too as the leader. “Kids in the back- get to work please.”
Ashley’s eyes glistened with tears. “Thank you,” she said, taking the tea. She took a sip, twinging at first, but seemingly enjoying it a minute later. “This is so good,” she said, smiling wide.
“Do you have my headphones? Or my crochet hooks and yarn? Or something that I can do- please” she asked. She began to move her fingers, and her hand began to shake slightly, as if it was vibrating. Ashley let out a noise, and grabbed her hand to stop it. Her eyes widened. “What time is it?” she asked.
“How do we know he’s even tellin the truth Sam?”John replied. Martin let out a groan, and put his head in Jon’s shoulder.
A few minutes passed, and the auction, which was basically kids yelling out how many buttons they offered to the certain theme of pages, continued on.
“You shouldn’t do that dear, they’ll scar.” Rowena advised, while Ashley shrugged. Beaut walked in at this point and hopped onto the bed. “I do assume she’s yours right?”
The adults had gone out on a hunt, but they should’ve been back. So where were they? The four crept down the main hall, nearing their destination. He wrapped his hand around the handle of his blade. If it was an intruder- they needed to head to the library. There’d be a backup kit there.
He gave a shrug. “I don’t know. But she was awesome.” he continued to scrub at the floor, moving the rag to each side. He sighed. “She handled herself well, I’m serious. She-” he started full out laughing. Dean gave him a look before he continued talking. “She jumped on the werewolf’s back and she put her foot on its back.” His face turned serious, and he ignored Dean’s raised eyebrows.
Sam smiled back at him. “Sounds good kid, what do you think about Jody’s for dinner?” Jack nodded quickly, excited to see Jody.
“Right. I did. I think” she said, confused but accepting of that information she got. Her head swooped to the side for a second. She noticed the bandages on her. “Oh. Thank you,” she offered with a smile. “For bandaging me, Mrs. MacLeod.”
Sam’s classes were going fine. Teaching yearbook and literature would be a breeze. All he had left for today was to monitor the yearbook class. He’d already led discussions of Frankenstein in his Lit class. He sat in the front- at a large desktop. Students shuffled in and placed bags on the back of chairs or under the desk. Some let out groans at the dust that suddenly coated their bags from the floor, but nonetheless moved on.They all were casual and talkative though.
hi hope you like it
It then hit her again. Alarm. As she stood up, she glanced round for Beaut, who was staring at her from her spot by the door. Right, alarm. Emergency.
There was a shut of doors, and suddenly a flurry of people excited. “Who’s digging a grave?”  Dean’s voice asked.
He’d always been able to cook, he’d had to, but it was never anything complicated. He’d spent his time putting effort into making tea, something he always loved.
“Brother?” he spat, “really Martin? You should be shedding people, not gaining them!” his eyes met Rowena, and he smiled. “Rowena, dear! Good to see you.”
Jody rolled her eyes. “That's not an accurate representation of those things.” She stood and exited the room, clearing the table, a clear message.
Martin turned his head. “Really?” He sat up a bit, causing a distressed noise from Cow who had been planted against his side, now left abandoned, in the center of the bed. She stood up, choosing to go to Jon instead.
AShley: hngnhgnhnngghh]
Jack rushed up behind her, taking the plate and cleaning it. “I got it,” he claimed. Ashley raised her hand to her head. She was hurt, but still could do stuff. She walked back to the table, sitting down and plopping her head on the table.
“All that knowledge,” he said, “lost. That’s horrible. The Institute was such a grand place, from what these books said.” Martin choked for a second at that.
He nodded, before she turned, removed her cap and moved hands to her back and prayed a few more times quickly. The girl then turned to Jack. “Hi. Are you new here?” When Jack nodded, her smile grew less careful and more happily. She removed one of her headphones and gave a wave. “Name’s Ashley. Pleasure to meet you! If you want, I’ll give you a tour- I know what a maze this place is.”
Ashley nodded. “Beaut is my pup.” she whistles and patted next to her, and the dog just sat on her feet. “She’s 7.” Rowena finished up the bandage, and stepped away.”
Sam shook his head, before dragging Dean along.
“Kid,” he gently asked, “what happened?” Jack looked over to Ashley, but Dean called his attention again.
“You have no idea.” she paused,picking at another pimple. “Imagine having constant, involuntary thoughts constantly disrupting your normal ones. But these involuntary ones ust show up,  and are the opposite of yourself, your worst fears.”
Thank you for the suggestion of this btw
Martin’s eyes furrowed, confused. But then it hit him. Elias’ words ‘you look just like him’. Martin’s eyesight rammed out of focus. He slowly backed up, going to his room. Jon sat on the bed, with Cow, reading a book. Martin shivered and plopped onto the bed with fog around his feet.
(See the end of the chapter for
Martin smiled. “Good statement?” Jon shrugged. The statement wasn’t anything bad, but it wsn’t great. “Well, we’ll get you another later. I’l message Mel and Georgie for some more.” Jon smiled at that, turning to the Wincehsters.
Ashley broke it. “Werewolf?” she said, as if just realizing. Her head twitched, and she clasped her hands together, trying to lift one side of herself off the bed, failing with the pain she felt.
He thought of Jon, and of meeting his father, and of Cow, placing his other hand over his Lonely hand. He didn’t want to enter the Lonely, to push the others away. The waitress walked up to him. “Hi!” she greeted, “You new in town?”
The green-eyed man from the diner was there, the three others behind him. He held up a silver knife and sliced Martin’s arm, who yelped, and the blue-eyed man splashed water on him. Martin sputtered, squirming in his space. “What are you,” the man said.
They asked her a bit about herself, and she went on a small tangent regarding some of her favorite series.
Jack nodded, and pat Miracle. “Yes! My aunt Jody and Uncle Bobby are here. Plus you- and it’s just fun here.” She nodded along.
Here’s the started list (there’s more but put some u want in comments!)
“Does Dean know anything of the Lonely,” she asked, “or is this control all it is.”
Ashley: !!!! Excited
Jack tucked his head into the shoulder, laughing. Dean narrowed his eyebrows. “Welcome back. Scared us for a bit, glad you’re not asleep still.”
jon and martin enter the bunker
HELLO FATHER IF YOUR READING THIS
Dean’s eyes darkened, and he and Sam rushed to Ashley. There was a hastily tied crocheted piece of yarn around her leg, a makeshift tourniquet. There was some blood on the wall near her head, and on the front of her shirt. Her eyes were shut and she was relaxed, it seemed. He shook her shoulder, and she blinked her eyes half- open. She muttered a word or two before drifting to sleep.
Ashley: i have to discuss yesterday with you like AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Martin looked at Jon, Cow crawling out of his arms and over to Jon. They gave each other a set of looks, weighing the options. Jon Knew Martin’s answer, and his own. Jon nodded. “Okay.”
“Hey buddy! You’ll dig a grave with me! Oh no! You’ll dig a grave with me” they belted, holding out the note in a flurry of tones and finally reaching the kitchen table, about to sit.
Martin nodded, willing the fog away. It drew away, revealing a shape far away on the beach.
Jon stood and excused himself from the room. “So,” Martin began. “I’m Martin. I know you know that, but, I just wanted to make sure.” He awkwardly moved his curls out of his face..
The girl in green rolled her eyes. “We can’t do anything till everyone else pitches to us. Anybody ready?” she looks around. No one answered. “We're gonna wait here.” Someone eventually stood up and made their way to the back, and then there was some chatter.
“I don’t know what I think, except you two are clearly monsters.” the look-alike said. It clicked in Martin’s head. Looks alike, answers to Jon.
fun amirite
He found reading supernatural books satisfied the Eye, to a degree. “Hello,” he said, seeing Sam and Cas at the entrance of the library.
He took a deep breath. “Yeah, that's a no from me.” He paused for a second, gazing at this kid, who looked like she was about to pass out. The kid moved back and forth, hands fidgeting, but her feet remained in place.
Martin’s eyes began to focus on Jon, the fog evaporating. “Hi.” he said tiredly. “My results are in,” he said. He was guided to the sofa, sitting down carefully. “Hand me the laptop?” his hoarse voice called out.
Finally, she felt the panic subside slightly, enough to where she could ignore it and focus on the blaring alarm. What was it- fire, flood, earthquake? No, it wasn’t hot or smoke, no leaking liquid under the door, no shaking of the ground. Intruder then, most likely, possibly, or carbon monoxide- but how could it be carbon monoxide? They were underground, but did that even make a difference? She sighed, and turned to Jack’s bed. She didn’t understand how he was still sleeping. She reached into her bag, grabbing her water- peppermint spray that she used to take on bike rides and she now used as a perfume of sorts. She pulled out her yarn too, a half-crocheted strand from a project she was working on, stuffing it in the pocket of her jacket.
Please leave me some feedback on what you think
“Hello dear,” Rowena said confusedly, “who are you?” Martin scratched the back of his head.
Miracle and the dog, who was introduced as Beaut, began to play and roughhouse with each other. Jack grabbed Ashley’s hand and took her throughout the halls and into his room. “Ta da!” he called as they opened the door.
Warning: after Ashley wakes up, there is a showing of ocd / intrusive thoughts
well.
Martin blushed. “Actually,” he said, “Jon and I are engaged. Is it okay if we stay in one room?” They both congratulated them, and shut one door, directing them to the room.
Ashley’s eyebrows dropped. “You absolute child. It's called rationalizing and being in a fight?!?! Fight first and question later scenario, not to mention I can accept that stuff but there's more” she sighed dramatically.
Ashley:
“What are you?Yyou're not human, that’s for sure.” He said, pointing to the sudden fog. Martin began to give into the Lonely- it was either this, or possibly die to these- people.
It was Saturday. Jack had woken up to Dean’s cooking and Sam was, per usual, lecturing him on the food he was making. Cs walked into the kitchen and handed Jack his phone. “You left it out,” he said, “and it's been going off all morning”
She let out a sigh and shut her eyes. “What about that other one? The d-”
It faded, replaced with its usual warmth, which Dean had never realized was there until it had been carved out. Martin looked so excited, Dean realizing his fog was now surrounding  him.
John looked suspicious. “I don’t know how much of that I believe. I’m a hunter at heart. Somethin is telling me this isn’t right.”
Taylor let out a hum. “Girl, maybe?” Alice shrugged. “Couldn’t matter less to me” he stated. Ashley continued to move, so Alice dug her claws into Ashley’s shoulder. She let out a screech, as Alice removed the claws, blood staining her blue shirt.
“Very good,” Lukas said. “You’re adapting quite nicely.” But suddenly, Martin sapped away all the fog from his glasses. He looked satisfied, before clenching his hands and lifting them. Suddenly, Lukas fell.
Ashley did homework with him, since they had classes together. She also introduced him to a new side of Netflix. The fantasy side.
She then gasped. “Wait that worked-” she turned her head to Jack,” lets go! Dude like I just was guessing-” she paused and saw everyone staring. “Okay I sprayed this mint oil and water thing I use for things like perfume or something in the vampire’s face. My idea was,” she held her hands up mimicking the words, “spray the face with something super smelly, and the vampire’s got like good senses, and mint,” she emphasized the next word, “burns. Like I one got it in my eyes and noise and ugh, so I thought it’d be like pepper spray to a vampire.”
“I live here,” Martin said, “alongside Jon. We moved in a month ago with Cow, from Scotland. I’m their younger brother.” Rowena looked at him shockedly, before relaxing.
“What?” Jody said. “Her mom should be here though.”
Two figures turned into the hall. It was revealed to be Sam and Dean. Jack sighed and rushed forward, latching onto them both. Miracle jumped up into the air. Beaut, now noticing the lack of danger, rushed back to Ashley, sitting on her feet and sniffing her wounds. “What happened, Dean?” he asked, terrified of what went down.
