'What makes you think I need help?' Sherlock snapped. He sat upright and stared at John, grey eyes trying to pierce John's skin.
The song, a Czech rendition of “These Boots Are Made for Walking,” ended and the small crowd that was gathered around the bar with drinks clapped and cheered. The woman on the stage took a quick bow and jumped off, scurrying back to her friends.
Q smiled. 'I think that sounds about right, Mister Bond. But, since I’m confined to this bed, I think you’re going to have to be the one to do it.'
'Where did you park?' Q asked, continuing his forward pace though he was uncertain as to where he needed to go.
“Right. I’ll go pack.” He pressed his lips together and then pushed himself up from chair, moving back toward the bedroom.
He stood in silence, staring up at the house before Sherlock appeared next to him and placed his arm around John's lower back.
'We're only staying for dinner Mycroft and then it's back to Baker Street,' Sherlock spat out. His eyes narrowed on Mycroft and then he placed his hand on the small of John's back and led him away to find their seats at the table.
Sherlock turned around to find John standing mere inches from him. He hadn’t even heard him move from the doorway. Sherlock stared at him, straightening to make himself appear taller. John looked up and their eyes met for long minutes, challenging one another and neither refusing to back down, before John moved.
Sherlock glanced at John from the corner of his eye, his expression remaining neutral. He took a breath and raised his chin slightly. John turned to look at Sherlock and then returned his attention to Mycroft.
He placed his hands on both sides of Sherlock’s face and pulled down until they were face-to-face, and then he kissed him hard, lips and teeth mashing together in a messy way. He moved his hands to the back of Sherlock’s head and Sherlock moved his hands to John’s hair, pulling gently. John hummed and leaned into the touch, careful not to break the connection between them.
John turned to face Sergei and grabbed his wrist, twisting it up behind his back and causing him to cry out in pain. He wrapped his foot around his ankle, pulling his foot underneath and forcing Sergei to his knees. He reached for his gun from his waistband but found it missing.
John stared out the window at the passing trees and watched as the old Soviet housing complexes, the concrete jungles, on the outskirts of Prague welcomed them. Sherlock continued to concentrate on the rain on the windscreen, keeping his eyes on the road, a smile threatening to appear on his lips.
The car pulled into the circular drive and a man in a valet’s uniform opened the door. John looked back at Sherlock for a brief moment before exiting.
Sherlock saw the woman’s story appear before his eyes. This would be easier than he thought. No need to overly complicate the cover story. He smirked and walked toward the desk, bumping John out of the way as he approached.
Mike smiled when he saw John, but almost immediately expression was soured as he saw the little girl following him.
"No... That's not it at all." Sherlock defended, standing and taking Jane's hands in his own. "I guess... I was just expecting you to feel differently in the morning... like you'd regret it and shoo me out or something..."
John took the clothes with a nod of thanks, grabbing the stockings and putting them on first since he was sure where those went and how to wear them. Next came the bloomers which fit him much better than his trousers and pants had since his transformation.
Once Sherlock was sufficiently weaving through the crowd, Jane stepped out of the study as well, staying toward the back as Sherlock climbed the steps where he was well seen and gave Moriarty a stern glance.
"I bleed for almost a week once a month. You can't be that surprised by my disinclination to be squeamish." Jane countered, rolling her eyes. "This is going to hurt. A lot."
"I wouldn't have it any other way." Amanda soothed, patting his back. "Your travels will be made infinitely safer if you're well rested when you return."
The companionship came with a comfortable silence as they both continued to focus on what they were doing. Sherlock had a habit of being enthralled by whatever had his focus, and often it was very difficult to get his attention if he had been reading quietly for a while, which had been the case. One of the maids had been boiling a pot of water for Moriarty's bath, and despite Sherlock's presence in the afternoon being a nearly constant thing, she was unaware that he was there as she walked backwards with the pot of scalding water.
“London.” Jane answered, following Molly out of the stables. “There's no one who would worry about me. I'm alone in this world...” It was a blatant lie, there was Harry, of course. But he didn't want to worry her or have her find out where he was or what he was doing just yet. There was a note for her waiting at his flat and he'd get an earful for it when she eventually found it.
"He has." Jane gritted her teeth, looking about ready to tackle the pompous bastard. Sherlock silently blocked her, glancing back over his shoulder with a soft expression to assure her that it would be alright. Her shoulders relaxed, showing she was backing down. He wished he could relax in the same manner, but just looking at Moriarty and his smug attitude was enough to put him on edge after yesterday.
He had his handgun in the left-hand pocket of his wool coat as he wandered through the moor. It was now four in the morning and a thick fog covered the fields and forests. Even if John had any intention of returning, he wasn't sure which way was the way he had come from anymore.
"Can I go practice swords with Mike now?" he practically begged. Amanda had an almost amused smile at her son's antics.
"You may recall him from our last socialization in London," he answered, shifting nervously under her gaze. "I hope you'll be discreet? I realize that it's unlikely you'll keep my secret if you hate me, but I would prefer to not be executed."
The ground beneath him rumbled as a spike of man-made heat warmed his back. A grenade, his mind offered blankly. He staggered, kept himself on his feet, glanced over his shoulder just in time to see a bullet flying towards him as if it were a slow-motion scene from a movie.
While John had managed to avoid most people in the small town, he and Molly had agreed that it would be best if he met new people. Molly to suggested that the blonde woman find some means of providing for their humble abode. Molly's work in her father's stable had provided for them well enough until now but there was only so much she could do on her meager salary.
An arranged marriage, not quite. A marriage with an arrangement. That was more accurate. Jane had honestly never pictured herself anywhere near where she ended up in life. Wealth by marriage to a strange man she barely knew, a pair of breasts that were hers (among other things), and living in a time centuries before she was even born. She wondered what Bill would've thought. This was certainly never the future either of them had planned.
"My comment was not meant as an advance, merely an observation." he assured, batting away her worries. She held her gaze on him speculatively and fine spoke again.
"Yeah. I know. But I don't have an explanation... I just was. I lived fifteen months in the regency era... and it was honestly one of the best years of my life..." John explained, biting his lip. "I made a lot of friends and none of them ever made me feel weak. And I met a man... I married him and I completely fell for him."
"In a manner of speaking, yes. I could think of few other places to stay and since the guest estate is a good half mile from here, I have no qualms with it," she stated firmly. "Besides, you've made it incredibly clear you want as little to do with me as possible. I don't believe you get a say in whether or not I stay here."
"I'm right here, Euros. Honestly, you could try to make it less obvious that you came here to see me." Sherlock muttered, handing his gloves, coat, and blue scarf to a nearby servant to reveal a dashing suit underneath, similar to the ones he usually wore. His cravat was trimmed with light green lace and he looked around at his home with awe. He stepped towards his family, moving to stand next to Jane. Jane had thought she'd been relieved to have Sherlock here but as it turned out, his presence made her feel dizzy with nervousness. Whatever he was up to, it was obvious that he had not had any interest in being around her so to have him three feet away felt out of place. "Thank you, everyone, for coming. Merry Christmas. Shall we go to the ballroom and enjoy some music. We have six people here. For once no one will be singled out."
“I… don’t know what to say…” he confessed defeatedly after a moment or so, staring into the fireplace.
"You do say the strangest things..." Sherlock mused, the corners of his mouth turning up in a subtle smile. "Still, it's refreshing to hear you say that. That's not what people normally say."
Ms. Adler had quickly returned to her life in London after realizing that Sherlock had no intention of restoring their engagement. Anyone who had the displeasure of her company in the months following, generally described her behavior and demeanor as venomous. It took her nearly a year to get over herself and start treating people nicely again. Jane never could decide if her actions had come from a genuine like -perhaps even love- of Sherlock or a disappointment in being rejected. Either way, Jane would be lying if she had said she wasn't relieved to have Ms. Adler absent from their social circle.
"This is going to look so good on you. I'm sure it will bring out the color in your eyes!" Molly pushed Jane into the changing closet and began undressing her to try on the dress.
"Honestly." he answered with a tender smile. "You, Mrs. Holmes, are the finest wine and nothing delights me more than indulging in your company year after year."
Wolfson's gift also seemed fairly simple. According to Mrs. Hudson he would misplace his spectacles quite frequently. She got him a lovely chain that would attach to both ends of his glasses and he could wear it as a necklace of sorts. He didn't know what it was at first but once Jane explained a small smile appeared on his face and he immediately put the chain to use, mumbling a quiet but sincere thanks.
“I’ll double the amount on it,” Moriarty replied with a smirk. “And I’ll throw in a tip for at least letting my dearest friend try it on.”
"King Wolfguard Carlton Holmes the Third and Princess Willow Sherlock Scotland Holmes of the Kingdom of Angelo." Queen Amanda replied, and as if summoned, a crown started to appear from the steps, then a man, then a little girl. She was definitely younger than John, but she looked incredibly scary with the scowl on her face and her bloodshot eyes. John swallowed thickly before his mother's first statement about this guests came to mind. Horror crossed his face as he looked up at his mother. This terrifying little girl was to be his bride? Sure, that was still years off as he was seven, but this was just too much.
When he had made his way all down to the sparse bristly hair right underneath Sherlock’s navel he let his hand fall to his side for a split second before taking hold of Sherlock’s arm, which was offered without any reluctance. John made work of rolling down the sleeve of Sherlock’s shirt, just to gain some time to get some grip again.
"Sherlock, I know this might not be the most opportune moment… although, it is actually… however, I wanted to talk to you. This is important and and I
"Uhm, I met him twice. Three times actually if you count in the delivery of your letter. The first time was right the next day though. When you left again in the morning."
The pictures, too, went on the pile. Digging into the box once more, his fingertips bumped into a solid edge. After pulling away in a reflex, John gripped the item and pulled it out from under a clutter of other things.
“Not since you, no.” Sherlock studied him with wonder in his eyes as if this was the first time he saw him. “I have always been a selfish bastard. Never taking other people’s feelings into account. Then you came and you showed me that I was able to care for others after all.”
Miss Pirate closed her eyes and sighed and something that looked suspiciously like bliss spread over her features.
There were a few more articles about his rugby days. That had been a great time. He had been rather good as well, had even been team captain and he was still proud of it. But he felt a sharp pain soaring through his shoulder only just thinking of it. Rugby was a far away past these days, unthinkable in this state he was in now.
“I don’t care; I don’t approve of it anyway!” Sherlock had pouted and flopped on the sofa for his next round of sulking.
"Sorry, guys," Greg said, toweling his short grey hair with one hand. "Seems I have forgotten my change of clothes."
Their faces were close, he was cornering John against the wall. He looked down at John's open and trusting face and only now realised what his amazing, fantastic, extraordinary John had been doing; by positioning himself against the wall he had given Sherlock all the control over the situation. Now Sherlock knew why John hadn't taken advantage of their earlier heated moments. John wanted to give Sherlock the chance to make that decision, to take the last step.
Sherlock heard the click of the connection breaking, the first accords of the songs started playing quietly in the background. Sherlock’s throat burned from the emotions being swallowed down. His legs hurt from the forceful cramps of controlling his urge to run. His hands trembled from trying not to grasp for the razor-thin sliver of hope.
"You're the exception... Everything I think I notice about you, everything I try to understand, it seems to contradict itself. It's both thrilling and utterly confusing..." Sherlock's arms wrapped around her waist and he hugged her.
"More than the most qualified doctor you could name." Jane assured, carefully removing the shoe and then the sock to look at the skin to see if there was anything that was out of place. It appeared to be, for the most part, in order, but she wouldn't know for certain without testing the joint's movement. "I'm going to rotate it to make sure nothing's broken. Normally I'd offer for you to hold my hand but seeing as I'm going to need both hands, I'm going to offer you my leg. Give it a squeeze if the pain's too much."
"It was fortunate timing for my return, I suppose... But it was not at all how I wished to come back..." Jane admitted sadly. "I'm happy I at least helped her, though. I won't know if she's alright until next week when I check up on her, but it's a relief that I could help at all."
"Not in a while, by any means. It was actually kind of nice to perform medicine again, even if it was something as rudimentary as checking a sprained ankle." Jane muttered, carefully putting on his sock again. She then picked up the edges of her petticoat and ripped off a strip of it approximately two inches wide and began wrapping it firmly around his ankle. "This will help relieve some of the discomfort you'll feel when you walk." she explained as she tied it up and carefully returned his shoe to his foot.
"What?! Seriously?" Jane's eyes went wide with surprise. She had resigned herself to getting married for survival but she hadn't expected it would be so soon. "Come inside, I need to get dressed, I guess."
"I'd like to stay here and wait for my sister." John stated but there was hardly any enthusiasm behind it. Of course, he missed Harry but the cost of seeing her again didn't seem worth the trade-off. In this time, he was John Watson, a poor ex-army doctor with zero friends and no future. In Sherlock's time, he was so much more. He was a wife, a friend, and living a much more lavish life than he was now. The present wasn't desirable, neither was a future without Sherlock. "Can I ask a really weird question?"
"You do understand how hasty a decision this is that you're making, don't you?" Virginia questioned, concern flooding her eyes.
"He left. Before I had even woke. I'm fairly certain that he will not call on me again." Jane sighed, eyes watering as she looked up at Moriarty with a pathetic expression. Moriarty's features softened and he carefully wrapped an arm around her to pull her into a comforting hug.
"One fatal flaw in your master plan, Molly. Mr. Holmes has a distaste for parties of any sort. I planned the Christmas party, if you recall."
“How long do you plan on staying here in Baskerville?” She asked curiously. John’s smile faded instantly. He forgot about his lie about living in London. He wasn’t much for history, but London was not cheap to live in during his time. He very much doubted that would be any different now.
The journey was mostly quiet between the two of them after that. Jane found herself surrounded by a large garden in less than an hour and Sherlock informed her that they were on the land of Bakerfield Park. And as the carriage pulled to a halt, ten minutes later, Sherlock explained that Bakerfield Park was, in fact, his. Jane marveled at the elegant architecture, unable to comprehend how she had managed to rescue such a wealthy man, not once, but three times.
"Well, it's not my place, but if I were you, I would start with the truth." Mary murmured. "Though, no matter the outcome of the duel, if Jane rejects Moriarty's proposal, you do realize that he'll expect you to actually marry her, don't you?"
John must’ve fallen into a deeper sleep at some point because he woke to the smell of bacon and eggs, not Molly climbing out of bed and getting dressed. He let out a groan, once again surprised by the sound of a more feminine voice resonating in his throat. He had hoped to wake up and find it all to be a vivid and strange dream, but the two large mounds on his chest coupled with the fact that this was not the room at the inn suggested otherwise.
"What exactly is 'getting off' in this instance?" Jane groaned, rolling over and hiding her face in a pillow. She could practically feel the man smirk, running his hand over her hip. "The way it's making you blush, I can only guess..."
"Dr. Watson is very extraordinary, indeed, and, in fact, a woman. She's not a doctor by profession, but I've never seen anyone more skilled at medicine than she is." Sherlock paused only a second or so to see the effect of his words before continuing to avoid another interruption. "She's actually what I wished to talk to you about."
"What?" Sherlock looked surprised, he cleared his throat, though in the dim light she could see a hint of a blush. "I wasn't aware that you wanted to talk to me..."
"Mr. Moriarty told me you were back, but I scarcely believed it." Ms. Morstan said in awe. Jane smiled.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Perkins, but I am not feeling well enough to go to work today," she mumbled, an apologetic expression aimed towards the coachman. He nodded in understanding.
“You look stunning, Mrs. Holmes,” he said with a nod of approval, handing the tailor the money for the dress. “I very much doubt that your husband will be able to take his eyes off of you in that, and I can’t tell that you’re expecting.” He whispered the last part in her ear.
"It's not that... You just... seem different tonight and I suppose I'm just trying to figure you out."
"I had actually caught on to that concept." he assured with a giggle of his own. "But you are denying my curiosity still. I haven't read a word. I can hardly imagine what you've been writing."
“Please stop,” Sherlock growled lowly, headed toward the door in an irritable stride. “What you’re asking me to believe is impossible… And I am not in a joking disposition as of late.”
"Mrs. Holmes! I'm so sorry you had to see that..." he mumbled awkwardly as he pulled his trousers back on and fastened them hastily. The other man quietly did the same, but Jane couldn't help but notice the amused smile tugging on his lips.
Soon both ladies had retired to bed and Molly still hadn’t uttered a word before falling asleep. Obviously, she was still thinking about what sort of work Jane could assist with.
Jane, while exploring the woods in search of the tree that had somehow sent her into the past, discovers a man she dislikes more than the constant leering of her employer.
Perhaps it hadn’t been God at all that had sent him back in time. Perhaps it was Bill, maybe death unlocked the ability to mold the world as he wished, and maybe John had forced his hand by trying to blow his own head off. And maybe he wouldn’t be able to go back until Bill figured he’d learned his lesson. But just how long would that take?
She felt the grip on her arm tighten a moment but it was so brief she wasn't sure if she'd imagined it or not. He didn't seem to want to let her go.
"I'm fine. I'm doing well, actually." Jane answered the surprisingly normal and out of place question. "It's nice to be able to talk to you for once."
Jane and Sherlock made the rest of their journey back to civilization in relative silence. Occasionally, Sherlock would ask something, and Jane would answer to the best of her ability, without revealing too much about herself or her past. She had apparently given him a lot to contemplate since most of the information he knew about her flipped his perspective on women on its head. Though their predicament changed drastically when the clouds opened up and it began to pour heavily to their dismay.
As expected, Molly's presence in the household staff brought the house to life for Jane. Her limp had managed to, except for on bad days, disappear once again. Molly didn't ask about it. Sherlock was never home so she knew the limp wasn't something he'd done. Even in the absence of Christmas decorations, six months later, Jane was always in a good mood when Molly was around. Six months since Christmas, Jane could hardly believe it but she'd been there for more than a year now. And other than having a frequently absent husband, it had been a wonderful change in her life.
"You have a lewder mind than I thought." Sherlock answered, smirking and sounding very, very smug about how her voice had raised half an octave even though he had barely started with her. He pressed a reverent kiss to her folds and Jane quietly shuddered, more than unable to even focus on the book she was holding.
"Depends on if you'd rather see me in a loony bin or not." John sighed, taking another sip of his cocoa. Harry took a sip of her own, considering his words a moment.
"I was sure you would come over yesterday, glowing about how you had reclaimed your husband. Did something happen?" Jim questioned, raising an eyebrow as he tried to catch her eye.
"Because time waits for no man or woman." He gently rubbed her back. "Perhaps Mrs. Hudson would go with me instead. She's been my nanny since I was just a boy. She certainly qualifies as a special lady."
The bed looked mildly comfortable, though John wasn’t sure if he’d even be able to sleep, not because of Molly, but his troubles which had seemed to expand tenfold since five this morning when he had ran through town in nothing but a tank top.
"Uncomfortable? Why would I be uncomfortable, you used to follow me around like a little puppy before we got married."
There would be no more sitting across from one other in their armchairs, reading together in a content silence. No more kisses lined with so much searing passion they made John dizzy. No more of that bliss John felt when Sherlock slid inside him and caused him to see stars with each considerate and calculated thrust.
“It’s a lot to take in and it sounds like a load of nonsense, I know…” Jane agreed, wishing she had the courage to dare to reach for his hand.
She moved to straddle him, grabbing his wrists to prevent any further assaults to her more ticklish spots. He giggled happily, sitting up properly and moving to kiss her tenderly. She melted into the kiss, slowly releasing his hands. His arms snaked around her waist as his tongue glided across her lips, begging entry.
The first thing that Sherlock observed about Jane's appearance was a series of dark marks covering the right side of her neck. He frowned and locked gazes with her.
“We have… the big bag of money, a sense of fulfillment, and the tall, dark stranger!” She announced, and the pictures very clearly corresponded to her words. John laughed, eyes narrowed but his smile gave away that he was actually amused.
John’s brain clicked into doctor mode, determination to save his friend settling into his bones. The logical part of his brain knew that Bill was beyond saving; the man would bleed out within the next few minutes and that would be that. But sentimentality had won out. He couldn’t let this happen. They had made promises and plans for when they got out of this hell hole of a country. They were going to go to Bill’s favorite pub in London! They were going to be each other’s best man. They would spend nights by the telly watching 007 and other action-packed movies with plates of pasta, thai, and other delicious meals on their laps, hearts and bellies full with simplicity and the good company of best friends, and with any luck, two very pretty ladies.
Jane had been walking in the forest, which she returned to every few weeks or so to try her luck. She never lost her sense of hope that she might somehow return to her original time, but it was considerably dulled now and she was fairly certain that she wasn't going to be making as many walks through the trees when winter arrived. She had a satchel on her now most of the time, out of habit. There were many times when he called upon his skills as a surgeon but for something far less exciting than surgery: sewing. She had somehow been put in charge of repairing Moriarty's clothes when the need arose, and though she would rather avoid her rather flirtatious employer it was an impossible task when she was on his estate, except when she was washing dishes. For some reason, Mr. Moriarty couldn't be bothered to enter the kitchen, not that John minded.
That was how many of their days together went. They would start off by reading on the balcony, as long as the weather was amiable, and then Jane would guide him to the kitchen so she could still do some housework. Sherlock would ask whatever questions game to his mind and Jane would answer them to the best of her ability, often avoiding questions that had to do with her past before coming here to this time. Every once in a while, Jane would also become curious of the man she was charged with and ask questions about him as well. They seemed an unlikely pair of acquaintances that got along surprisingly well once she got past his rough exterior. The thought occurred to her that maybe she had misjudged him. That being said, in the mornings, Moriarty had taken to joining them on the balcony, obviously bitter about all the time Sherlock was getting with his favorite maid.
"Maybe I'm just hoping that you can use this as an opportunity to talk to Mr. Holmes and get him to open up to you."
"Who is this, then?" he asked John with a furrowed brow. gesturing to the girl with wild, black curls.
He carefully started lacing her bodice, tying it when he was finished and going to their wardrobe to pick out a dress for her.
He just wanted a quiet place where he could kill himself. What did he have to live for? He was a washed up soldier with a psychosomatic limp, an intermittent tremor, and a scar on his shoulder that reminded him constantly of the exact moment his life had gone from great to total shit. And apparently now he was losing his mind.
"Well..." he started, a light blush dusting his high cheekbones. "I am dying to ravish you, but you're pregnant..." Jane stared at him for a moment and then started giggling. "Are you mocking me?"
"I don't know, maybe where you've been this whole time, and why Ranger Dimmock said he discovered you in a ripped dress in the forest crying like a little girl." John gave a very, very heavy sigh, shifting to turn to the window he'd been staring out of.
"Sorry that took so long..." Jane shifted uncomfortably under Sherlock's surprised and awed gaze. Sherlock shook himself from his awe and cleared his throat awkwardly.
"Can we not talk about this?" Jane asked, blushing brightly and grabbing her bloomers and putting them on quickly.
"I am." Sherlock agreed, picking a sunshine yellow dress with little blue forget-me-nots embroidered around the sleeves, cuffs, collar, and skirt. He put it on her carefully before gently braiding and tying her hair back. "Shall we?"
"Actually, I was gonna see if you wanted hot chocolate, since I made some." She pointed at the steamy mug in her hand and John smiled before nodding.
Staying with Molly had not proved to be as awkward as John had imagined it would be. While it was true that he was a man, though trapped in a woman's body, he found his opinion of Molly to be very platonic. She really reminded him of the sister he had always wanted in Harry but had never truly gotten.
"When I awoke, Ms. Morstan informed me that you would not be returning to the Reichenbach Manor. I expressed my concern for you and she gave me directions to your abode."
"'Holmes' is fine, Moriarty." Sherlock corrected with heavy scrutiny. Jane had to mask her amusement at the distance the man was imposing between himself and Moriarty who favored ignoring boundaries wherever possible.
"Oh, don't get offended. It's tedious." He batted his hand as if swatting away an annoying fly. The fly, of course, being Jane.
'Fifteen minutes, I suspect. Mycroft isn't one to start meals late. We were the last to arrive, so I don't expect him to hold off much longer.'
The rain pooled on the windscreen of the black Jaguar for several minutes before the wipers moved it. It wasn’t raining hard enough to place them on automatic, so Sherlock settled for manually hitting the wipers when he could no longer see. The head lamps of the other cars coming from the opposite direction illuminated more of the pitch black highway that led into the city center. An old American rock song played on the radio, almost inaudible except for the noticeable chorus that would occasionally rear its head.
Bond chuckled lightly. 'You would rationalize. They’re going to keep you overnight since you were unconscious for about a day and a half. You should be all set to go home after.'
He turned back to Bond. 'Can you retrieve the notebook in my bag? The least we can do is to figure out who we need to talk with next. Find the next loose thread.'
'Sherlock,' John started. 'You were clutching your head. I had to fight you to move your hand to take a look. You couldn’t speak. You don’t remember any of this?'
'Insufferable,' Sherlock said. He shook his head. 'We’re being torn apart molecule by molecule and you’re holding the--oh. Of course.'
Q didn’t say anything. He stared out at the white wall in front of him. The doctor was gone from the room and Q was beginning to feel trapped. It would have been one thing if he was trapped in Medical, but this was difficult.
'He’s never not in his office, Anthea. Believe when I say, I know my brother. He must be there.'  He folded his arms over his chest. Chasing Mycroft about this case made the entire case more irritating.
Sergei stared at Sherlock, as he tried to dust himself off and return to standing. He straightened, his wicked grin returning. “Doctor Watson isn’t your only weakness Mister Holmes, whether you admit to it or not. And we can’t have any witnesses.”
His breathing increased as the list went on as he surveyed the dead, and he gripped the gun tighter in his hand. He aimed the gun at Sergei and depressed the trigger in one smooth motion. Sergei had turned and headed toward the stairs to exit, but he couldn’t outrun the bullet. It grazed his shoulder and found its final resting place in the far wall of the bar. Sherlock fired a second shot but missed again, this time the bullet embedding itself in the staircase just as Sergei and Lukas made their way out of the bar.
He closed his eyes for a moment but opened them almost immediately as footsteps approached his side. He eyed the woman suspiciously, but a brief glance at John kept him from saying anything. She smiled.
“I’m going to take that as a no. Sherlock, I don’t know what you’re thinking...no, right...you’re not thinking anything. How are we supposed to track down and bring back one of the most networked terrorists in all of Europe to your brother?”
When they arrived back at Baker Street, they both climbed out of the car and made their way up the stairs that led to the flat. They opened the door and Sherlock immediately hung his coat on the nearest coat hook and began to walk toward his room. John stood in the doorway, watching Sherlock's every move.
Sherlock smiled as he continued to vary the speed and pressure he applied. He was soon rewarded for his experimentation as John’s body seized and twisted, spilling forth over Sherlock’s hand.
The door to the office pushed open, drawing both of their attention to it. R, her hand still on the door knob, looked slightly terrified back at them.
Sherlock had found a table across the room from the stairs, in an almost-secluded little alcove to the right side of the stage that had been set-up for karaoke. The bar was across from the stage, and several patrons were seated on stools watching the singers.
“Sherlock!” John yelled as Sherlock continued to pace. “Do us all a favour and shut up! The sooner we finish this, the sooner we can leave.”
Sherlock glanced at him from the side of his eye and then turned his head slightly, landing a kiss on John’s cheek.
'You wrote, ‘Bad relationship with family. Wife deceased. Affair with secretary. Secretary now CEO.’ Now, I’m not a genius like you Q, but I’d say we need to talk to the former secretary,' Bond said, looking up from the notebook.
Friends? Q nodded and attempted to adjust his position in the bed. The doctor smiled and replaced the chart before exiting the room.
Sherlock pulled at John's wrist, turning him around and then pushing him up against the wall just inside the kitchen door. Sherlock pressed in close and whispered in John's ear.
Set against the picturesque landscape of the Dartmoor, Baskerville still stood as a looming mystery over the town. The gate looked as they had nearly three years ago, large and intimidating, clearly meant to keep out those who did not belong. The range rover pulled up to the gate and Mycroft removed his badge from an inner jacket pocket, quickly swiping at the sensor and waiting.
John stared up at the door, and took a deep breath. He had only been back at Baker Street for a week, and Sherlock was no where to be seen. He had been keeping irregular hours, and quite obviously had been avoiding John, often locking himself in his room for hours at a time. John reached for the door knob and opened the door. He made his way up the stairs as quietly as he could, avoiding the second step from the top, which he knew had the tendency to creak.
Sherlock’s eyes never left John. John released Sherlock’s hands and began to unbuckle his own belt. Once he had it removed, he grabbed both of Sherlock’s hands again and loosely wrapped his belt around them, tying them together above Sherlock’s head. He ran his hands down Sherlock’s outstretched arms and down his chest and abdomen, until he reached Sherlock’s trousers.
John licked his lips. 'Whatever you say, Sherlock. Whatever you say. I’m not going to argue with you sending me out while you stay here to rest, but something is not quite right with you. It’s fine if you don’t want to tell me, but if there’s something I can do to help just let me know. That’s how relationships work, afterall.'
“Well, you’re acting as if you feel this is your fault.” John paused briefly to lick his lips before continuing.
Sergei grinned. “I suggest you let me go, Mister Holmes. Mister Konig has no problem with killing Doctor Watson, and we know you wouldn’t want that.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed to the dark haired doctor in front of him. 'No. I haven’t had any head trauma.'
“How was it not my fault, John?” Sherlock yelled, removing his coat and throwing it to the floor. “They’re dead!”
Sherlock didn’t respond. He pressed his lips together and narrowed his eyes on John. Then, he turned on his heel and marched into the bedroom. John stared at the entryway to the bedroom for a long moment, unsure of what exactly to do. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath and then followed Sherlock’s path.
“We’re going--” he stopped mid-sentence, as he spotted the gentlemen in question walking toward them. “We may have a bigger problem.”
Sherlock pulled John down to him, wrapping his arms around his waist and snuggling up behind him. His nose pressed against the back of John’s neck.
“Mister Holmes,” Potyomokin said, pulling out the chair next to John and sitting. He folded his hands on the table and grinned as Matteo slid into the chair next to Sherlock’s. “I know why you’re here. Save the cover story and let’s just talk business.”
'All right then. I’ll be back to check on you later. Your friends will be in shortly. They just ran off for coffee this morning.'
'Because I should have known this was all Mycroft’s doing. The case was too simple. Too neat. It shouldn’t have taken me this long to see that Mycroft had set me up,' Q said.
Sherlock leaned back and rolled his eyes. He picked up his glass and took a drink from it before placing it back on the table. John watched and licked his lips. Then, he leaned across the table so that his face was close to Sherlock’s. He kissed Sherlock on the cheek and smiled slightly.
“No, John. I will not. I know how this will end and I want no part in it,” Sherlock said, his voice forceful and unwavering as he pulled off his coat, hung it on the hook in the hallway and then pushed open the door to the flat.
'I’m not being difficult! I am fine and we have things to do. We need to talk with the assistant again. She knows something she’s not telling us,' he said as he began to pull the tape that held the IV in place free from his skin.
'Then what is it, Sherlock? It can't be that bad,' John said, a hint of frustration making its way into his voice.
John stretched his arms over his head and blinked slowly before his eyes came to focus on the room around him. He took a deep breath and sat up, trying to put all of the pieces from the night before in place.
The kiss was long and forceful, the two of them grappling for control of the other and neither giving in. Sherlock pulled back and looked at John, a smile creeping at the edges of his mouth. He nuzzled his head into John’s neck and breathed deep.
'Yes, Mister Holmes. Mister William Sherlock Scott Holmes,' Q said. He turned away from Sherlock and walked to Bond, a sad smile crossing his face. 'You would be correct.'
John bit his lip, trying to suppress a loud and gluttonous moan, as long spurts of come ran over Sherlock's hand and on to his belly. Sherlock chuckled, not breaking his pace. He removed his hand from John’s now overly sensitive cock and ran his fingers through John’s hair.
It took a little help from Sherlock, but John soon had the belt removed and Sherlock’s trousers unbuttoned, unzipped and pulled slightly down around Sherlock’s hips. He grabbed Sherlock’s cock through his pants and began lightly tugging on it, moving his hand from the base of Sherlock's cock toward the top before returning to the base and repeating the process. Sherlock threw his head back and thrust into the touch, letting out small moans as John continued in the motion.
He looked over at Bond leaning against the doorway. 'I’m afraid I’m becoming a bad influence on you,' Bond chuckled.
'Won’t that create another splintered timeline?' Bond asked. He removed his hand from Q’s back and walked to stand next to John, staring at the white board.
John stopped his hands and bent down to place another kiss to Sherlock's lips. He pulled back and looked into Sherlock’s eyes.
“It’s lovely, isn’t it?” John started, turning his head to look at Sherlock with a grin on his face.
He sighed and then walked toward the sofa before throwing himself on it, his feet dangling over the edge as he laid there.
“I propose perhaps something a little different. You pretend you never saw me here and I will instead spare your life.”
He closed his eyes for a moment, memories from the past two days replaying in his mind. He opened them again and his eyes met Sherlock's intense grey stare. Unable to turn away, John took a deep breath and ran his tongue over his lips. He tried to hold on for a little longer, but he knew that it just wasn't possible.
'The thing is...You see,' he began, dropping his arms to his side and beginning to pace. 'Mycroft is having a dinner party and he's obligating me to attend.'
“When you said bar, I didn’t think you meant gay bar,” John attempted to shout over the music from the DJ and woman on stage with the microphone. He ran his fingers up and down his pint. It was Tuesday, which according to the almost-hidden sign in front of the bar, meant Karaoke night.
Sherlock tried to adjust himself and groaned at the sharp pain that presented itself in his arm when he tried to move. John retreated back to the chairs that sat next to the small bedside table. He looked like he hadn’t slept, Sherlock noted. How long had he been there?
They made their way from the flat to the black car that Mycroft had sent and soon they were pulling up outside of a large white marble house just outside of the city. The stairs leading to the large oak door with the brass door knocker reminded John of those found leading to the entrances of government building, which after he thought about it for a moment more did not seem out of place for Mycroft. He was, after all, the British government.
Sherlock smiled back weakly. John licked his lips and then gently placed a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead. He pulled away and smiled.
'I can see you, John. You’re not invisible. Though in a moment, I might be,' he said, holding up his hand.
John breathed heavily for a few moment, staring at the ceiling. Sherlock sat up and reached for the tissues, wiping off his hand and dropping the tissue into the the garbage.
Sherlock slipped his tongue into John’s mouth, letting it explore. Finally, the two parted, staring at each other and holding each other close.
He looked Sherlock up and down and he admired the way the simple black suit he wore was tailored to fit him.
“Go away. There is nothing you can do to make this any easier.”  Sherlock pulled the duvet from the bed around him into a tighter bundle.
Lestrade looked between the two of them and then shook his head. 'I’m gonna go if that’s ok with you two. No reason for me to stay here. I’ll have the file sent over to you for further scrutiny.'
“Yes, we do have a booking,” Sherlock said, interrupting John mid-sentence. “My partner and I are on our honeymoon. It should be under Cogswell.”
John rolled over and looked at Sherlock, the smile remaining on his face. Sherlock nudged him closer and leaned his forehead into John’s.
Sherlock tapped his fingers against the railing on the bed and sighed. 'How much longer do I have to stay here? I’m fine.'
“This sounds remarkably strange coming from you. You didn’t care about the people that Moriarty strapped bombs to, you were only interested in the game.”
'Lestrade?' John turned to look over his shoulder in the direction of Sherlock's gaze and sure enough, Lestrade, smile big and friendly, was walking toward them. He pulled out the chair across from John and took a seat.
“Thank you,” he said, wrapping his arms around John and letting himself drift off to sleep for the first time in several nights.
In one swift movement, Sergei aimed the gun at John’s head and smoothly pulled the trigger. Sherlock and John dropped to the floor, barely avoiding being hit.
Sherlock held out his hand and John took it. Then, they proceeded through the hallway and into the main dining room, where other guests in elegant evening gowns and perfectly tailored suits were gathered and chatting amongst one another. They navigated their way through the crowd to find Mycroft holding court.
“What?” John pulled away from Sherlock, looking over his shoulder to confirm Sherlock’s observation and then poured himself back into his chair.
Mycroft parsed through the files in the folder before packing them into his briefcase and heading for the car.
Bond stood and rolled his eyes. He walked to the edge of the bed and then softly kissed Q. 'Don’t die on me while I’m off solving your case, all right?'
He moved his still-bound hands down in front of him and reached for John's waist, sitting up as much as he could to accomplish the task. He grabbed at the button to John’s trousers and pulled them open and immediately unzipped them as well.
Lestrade chuckled. 'I’ll believe that when I see it. The great Sherlock Holmes returning case files. Never,' he turned and headed toward the door, disappearing within moments. 'Night.'
It took John a moment to contemplate and run through his current list of options in his mind before he moved into the kitchen and took up the chair across from Sherlock.
The air of the hotel room felt cold as Sherlock entered, hands shoved in his pockets and collar turned up. John followed not far behind.
'And recognize your size. Yes,' Sherlock interrupted. 'If you are about ready, we should probably be off. Mycroft will be calling if we don’t arrive soon and I would prefer to speak with him as little as I possibly can.'
The lift arrived at the third floor and opened into an eggshell-colored hallway. They turned the corner and arrived at the entrance to their room. The door was white and heavy, old in style, but with a fresh coat of paint.
They continued the drive in silence and within fifteen minutes pulled up in front of their hotel. The old golden building towered over them, recalling the history of the city. They got out of the car and Sherlock grabbed their bags from the boot, handing them to John. He nodded toward the doorway and shut the boot.
'You were brought in with severe head trauma.' She picked up his chart at the end of his bed and looked at it.
‘No, you don’t. Jesus, what’s gotten into you all of a sudden?’ he said. His brow furrowed together and bit down on his bottom lip. 'I've been meaning to...Sherlock are you even listening to me?'
She winked at John as they turned and headed toward the lift. When the doors opened, they got in quickly, but they didn’t speak before the doors shut.
'Fine,' John responded. 'Been a confusing evening and I'm sure it's only going to get worse, but otherwise fine. What are you doing here?'
John looked up and smiled at Sherlock. 'I thought we’d lost you...again. Since you seem to have a habit of that,' he said, a bit of nervous laughter tainting his voice.
Sherlock took a deep breath and looked away from John. 'I don't try to understand my brother any more than absolutely necessary. Oh look, Lestrade is coming this way.'
'I know for a fact that Miss Nichols worked on the project and that she is currently still an employee at this facility. Though the programme has been shut down, I am here to make sure that there are no more loose ends.'
“There’s nothing to talk about,” Sherlock said, eyes focused on John. “My job is clear. Bring you back to London by whatever means necessary.”
“John, I do not have to listen to anything you have to say. I suggest you leave before this situation becomes more problematic than it already has.”
John shook his head. ‘Sherlock, you haven’t had any of them in the flat for the last week. You purged them all when I moved back in, remember?’
The air in the bar stood still, unmoving as patrons crowded together and watched the current standoff with bated breath.
Sherlock took a deep breath and as quickly as the pain had arrived, it disappeared, leaving the room normal again.
“They found the body of Sergei Potyomokin just outside of the bar with a bullet through his left temple. Any idea how it got there?”
Sherlock looked away, not wanting to see the concern he knew would resonate in John’s eyes. He focused on the carpet of his bedroom, how the intricate pattern on the floor at times looked like blood spatter from various cases. John waited patiently for an answer. He didn’t speak another word and held Sherlock close. Once Sherlock’s mind had settled, the patterns on the carpet becoming mundane, he spoke.
She stood in the doorway of Mycroft’s second office, dressed as she always was--black pencil skirt, and crisp white button down-- with her arms crossed over her chest and Blackberry in her hand. Mycroft refused to look at her, instead focusing on the people he could see from his office window walking along the street below him, the light through the window silhouetting him in shadow.
He thrust into John two more times, slowing with each thrust until finally he was coming. Then, he collapsed onto John in exhaustion. They stayed pressed together, Sherlock still inside of John and both of them breathing heavily. Finally, John reach up, brushed a curl from Sherlock’s face and ran a hand down his briefly down his back.
Q looked to Bond, his brows knitting together in confusion. He then turned his attention back to the doctor who discarded the used needle.
“She’s just a bystander. She has no relevance for the men at that table. Unimportant.” He broke his concentration on her and turned his attention on John.
His first step toward the stairs leading to his room were tentative. When Sherlock didn't stop him, John moved at a more normal pace. Within moments, a hand grabbed John’s wrist, bringing him to a stop.
He had forgiven Sherlock by the time he had married Mary, but they had never been as close as they had been before Sherlock’s faked death. That was until Mary died nearly nine months ago and John had forced himself to move back into Baker Street.
The light was blinding. Sherlock tried to open his eyes but immediately shut them again. He tried to move but could feel the IV lines infesting his arms. He moaned and blinked his eyes open. His neck was stiff, but he tried to move it anyway.
'Mycroft loves cake, which means that dessert is always the best part of any party he throws. Wouldn't want to miss that,' Sherlock responded.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” the steward said over the intercom, “I hope you had a pleasant flight this morning. The local time here in London is nine AM. Please wait for the captain to turn off the fasten seat belt sign before removing your seat belt. We should have you off the plane shortly. Thank you.”
'Because...I don't have anyone else John. Please. Will you pretend to be my date to appease Mycroft?'
Sherlock tried to open his mouth to speak, but nothing came out. What had he been doing and where was he now? He could feel himself struggling for breath, the feeling disorienting and not entirely uncommon. He looked up and caught a glimpse of John’s face just before he lost all consciousness.
Sherlock wasn't sure if he was brave enough to risk it. To risk that John would realise too late, that it was once again Sherlock's fault if John Watson fell into the deepest darkest pit and hit rock bottom. It was his greatest, most terrifying fear
“Oh, but then you have miscalculated.” Sherlock's eyes narrowed to slits and he tilted his head; to John’s sheer horror he pressed his temple even firmer against the nuzzle of the gun. “According to my knowledge there are several natural predators for spiders. To name some of them… Owls and bats for example. And hedgehogs.”
“... getting better and better…” Scott mumbled on the other end and John wasn’t sure if he was supposed to hear that. A bit louder but still restrained Scott said, “There’s always something… So, an army doctor then...”
Crawling back onto the stage—because… of course she would; John almost rolled his eyes—Miss Pirate gave some attention to the dance pole again. Although, this time she was only leaning her back against it, letting her head fall back as if being tired and taking a break. Her legs, bent und propped up on the heels one after the other, told a different story though. John narrowed his eyes; what was next? After everything he had witnessed this night, he was becoming slightly suspicious.
John cringed. Not quite able to explain what he didn’t yet understand himself. He couldn’t find words.
"Why ever not?" He said frostily, emphasising each word, living up to the reputation of the iceman that preceded him.
“What has that to do with anything?” Sherlock squeaked and raised a questioning eyebrow at John. “What kind of doctor
John shook his head. He had to stop his spinning thoughts and try to come up with a feasible plan. Interpol or no, maybe Greg would be of help after all. At least he was company to calm John's stormy mind, he was someone to talk to. He was a friend.
“You’re not people. And it’s not exactly that there’s a great amount of offers or even a need for a deployment of invalidated and depressed soldiers only recently returned home, is there? Most of all not to find at a… job centre…”
John remembered the moment after the bonfire incident. He'd wondered. Was it someone trying to get to Sherlock through him?
Being oblivious to the glimpses the people threw his way at the sight of him, John awkwardly tried to type his response one-handedly.
you," the man said dismissively, shedding his overly polite attitude. "They call me the Spider for a reason. I keep a close watch on my net and maintain it clean of critters. I have my ears and eyes
“So... if the lap dances... are all yours alone…” Sherlock puffed out between sharp breaths, holding John’s gaze, holding his cock, “How much are you willing to pay, Captain?” And with a wicked dirty little grin, Sherlock lowered himself and guided the head of John’s cock inside.
"Leave him out of it." Sherlock barked and flung himself up. Immediately pressed down on his knees again by his loving fan, Sherlock hissed but managed to at least stay upright. For the first time, John was able to look properly at Sherlock’s face and held his breath upon the raw emotion contorting it. Sherlock’s soul was stripped bare, he was showing his feelings in a way that warmed and terrified John in a dizzying contradictional way.
He would have given everything for this life with Sherlock. He had. Every part of him was at Sherlock's disposal. He had nothing more to give. Right this moment he was sure that there would never again in his life be the need for it anyway. He felt drained and empty and as hollow as a shell, nothing left within. This had been the last blow to make the construct that was his life crumble . He has had some hard and depressing and gruesome and downright unworthy times in his life, but this somehow felt worse than all of them combined. Somehow this felt like the end of everything, of all paths his life had taken coming to a dead end.
John mused about the meaning and purpose of life in general and his own in particular. Because right now he sincerely doubted that there was any. He’d probably die anyway, most likely within the next five minutes. Why did he even wake up? He had not even opened his eyes yet and he already knew that this day was gonna be hell. He didn’t just feel like hit by a truck; rather by… a meteorite?
He rang the bell and also knocked for good measure. He shifted his weight from one foot to the other. For a short moment he considered to seek shelter under the awning of Speedy's cafe only to dismiss it immediately, afraid to miss crucial seconds to make himself noticed. What if Sherlock closed the door before John even had a chance. So, standing in the rain it was.
He didn't know how long he had only stared at the phone in his hand, when he suddenly remembered. The song. No more songs, John had said. But this one… every single word, John had said.
“Oh.” It was rather rare to find cases that made Sherlock this level of happy these days. “Must be a good one if you’re this delighted by an in-home case.”
that the problem is not the 'lack of skill' per se," he mimicked the quotation marks, "but applying those skills correctly when you're trying to talk about your emotions. Did I get that right?” Sherlock didn’t dare to speak, only twitched one shoulder as if to say ‘I guess…’. Seemingly having his feelings confirmed, John now sat straighter and gave his short, brisk soldier nod. “I think I have an answer then.”
They stayed like that for a while. No words, just silence. And closeness. Each man chasing his own thoughts.
The evening went on, the dancers changed, John’s mood didn’t. He watched it all a bit detached, still pondering the question of what would be his task in this case. Did Sherlock need him to come into action somehow? Make random contact? Keep an eye on someone in particular? Did Sherlock already have a suspect? A suspicion? Any kind of clue? Dammit, why hadn’t he briefed him a bit better? Like this he had nothing to go on with. The only thing left to do for him was to watch.
“Okay then…” Scott sounded amused. Why the fuck was he amused? How dare he? “What was the last thing you did before calling me?”
"But women don't do drag, right? I mean people born with female genitals… jeez why is this so difficult…"
For the first time Sherlock had the chance to interrupt John's rambling. His heart was doing funny things in his chest, as did his voice when he spoke, but John apparently didn’t mind.
After a while he felt his body started to sway lightly, his head slowly rolling over from one shoulder to the other and back until his head hung forwards, his chin on his breastbone. He kept his eyes shut, breathing slowly.
Written on the last snippet there were only two words. But these two words made the crumbling barriers of Sherlock’s self created prison, the vitreous walls of the glass house he found himself sitting in, build up again and skyrocket in lightning speed.
Not knowing how to react, John started unlacing the boot in his lap and slid it off the foot still clad in a thin stocking, now torn in places of intense contact with the rough material of the shoes; the holes causing ladders vanishing underneath the trouser leg. Oh God, shit! Sherlock hadn’t just kept on the panties but the stockings as well. Which meant… fuck fuck fuck. John’s breathing sped up, uncontrolled, irregular. Sherlock only watched him, switched feet, when the first shoe was dumped to the side. When the second foot was bared he left it in place, kneeded John’s rock hard penis through the fabric with his toes. John almost felt dizzy from arousal.
"That 'stuff', John, is purchased at one of the most renowned salons in London and costs so much I don't even dare to tell you out of fear you'd divorce me." Sherlock mumbled.
No time to change, no time to rest for a while, let alone EAT. Of course, Sherlock wasn’t aware of any of this as it never matters to him, but not so for John! He would actually really much like to change the clothes a sick child vomited on at the clinic, and he desperately needed to use the loo! But well, what was all this in comparison to catching this criminal whoever-he-was and whatever-he-did at Sherlock’s side….
Tapping  impatiently with his thumb on the side of his phone he waited for a response. He would wait. At any point now this had to work. How did John not get sick of that song yet? More importantly, Sherlock was begging him to stop! Sherlock never begged! Well… not true, but he wouldn’t allow his memories to drift back to filthy dark cells and ropes slung tight around his wrists; to whips cracking in the air and a pang of pain each time the skin on his back had been torn apart. But most of all he didn’t allow himself, not even in his memories, to endure again the pain it had caused to keep his secret safe even though the man he had wanted to protect had been the only thing on his mind, for months, for years, and it had taken all his strength not to shout out John's name in despair… And now this! It took Sherlock all of his will power to fight back from the depth of the dark. He had closed that chapter of his life as good as possible. It would never be deletable, but he tried hard not to dwell on it. Now he had to deal with  the demons of his present.
Sherlock was standing there, head leant back, breathing slowly, chest expanding with each inhale. He looked otherworldly, ethereal. And so different from the pained and desperate creature he had seemed to be the last time John had witnessed this spectacle.
“What is this? An interrogation or what?” John hated the way his war-battered body slowed him down and turned something like getting to his flat into an entire journey; which made him to the same extent irritated and grateful for Scott’s unrelenting way of asking for attention. This man was intense in every single mood John had witnessed him in. John wondered if that applied for the yet undiscovered aspects of the man’s life as well. Wait… Yet? John had to stop these fanciful illusions he’d play any part in Scott’s life beyond… this. Whatever ‘this’ was…
"As it happens I might have been waiting for the unlikely call of a particular client…" Scott said in a small voice, almost a bit evasive.
“It’s amazing!” His eyes were gleaming, like the very first day they’d been out on a case together. Like the day he had changed Sherlock’s life forever.
“You will,” John said seriously. Sherlock’s eyes widened. “You will eventually, Sherlock. And I will hurt
"Oh, do I?" Miss Pirate pulled back, put space between them and raised one of her perfectly traced eyebrows dismissively. One corner of her purple lips pulled down, she very nearly spat, "And why would
When Sherlock met his gaze again, John’s breath hitched at the pain and vulnerability he saw in his eyes.
” John squeaked quite noisily and pulled their clasped hands up with force, waving them in front of Sherlock’s face like evidence.
Don't you worry dear readers, all will be taken care of in the in the next chapter. And then I'm not only talking about the issues named above... 😉😏
Each time feeling a pang of shame heat his face, even though he didn’t exactly know why, John regularly checked the tea tin. With mixed feelings he watched the banknotes accumulate; relieved that they ended up at 221B, worried about the reason for which they found their way there in the first place.
winky face*. Read the amazing stories of our fellow hotson-friends on Ao3 (you can find recs enough on my blog here. Don’t know your preference but you can find all kind of kinks there. You do sound as if you might like the military or the daddy section… check it out!!!) Might take a while though, because there’s a lot of good stuff there!! If you need more specific recs, you’re always welcome here ;-)
This wasn't the kind of carnal desire that asked for chasing satisfaction as fast as possible. Oh, John didn't doubt for one second that they'd reach this point in the future more often than not. How could they not with Sherlock looking like he did?
"And honestly, Sherlock? I have no fucking clue either!" he chuckled, quietly, but Sherlock could feel the effect all the way through his hands. The almost non-existent shaking enough to stir his own mood, to make something shift, to set his mind into motion.
The memories of a New Year's Eve a couple of years ago forced themselves onto John's mind. Them in the living room after a particularly turbulent and eventful and extremely emotional day, nearly in the same position as now. Sherlock playing, John listening, watching, waiting, estimating.
“Becaus’ I don’ ev’n know what thingsss you like Sherlock. Do you like thingsss at all? I never hear you or sssomething. I tried you know, really hard, haha… hard… but I never heard you. Pity.” John said when Sherlock arrived in front of his door. Sherlock threw the door open the moment John asked, “Do you hear me when I’m wankin’ here upstairsss?”
John spun around and gaped up. Eyes widening when he saw his stranger slouching casually on the edge of the flat roof of the club, holding a cigarette between long fingers with nails still painted, and lazily blowing smoke into the air. Why was this making his heart jump?
Tired and exhausted he collected his things, storing them away in their usual hiding place. Pulling out his clothes, he wondered what to do. He couldn’t walk through the city like this, he didn’t even have his coat. He cursed his own silliness. It would be chilly outside now. He should have known that it would get late, considering the state he had been in when he left.
, he thought even though he wasn’t sure it was really. He definitely wouldn’t mind though; as wouldn’t his cock considering the way the front of his corduroy trousers bulged.
an advantage. I think Mycroft never wanted you not to have this. He wanted to protect you.” Sherlock winced, but didn’t let go. “He just
And then the silly thought that Sherlock might not want him around…. Why did John think Sherlock had gone through all that trouble in the first place, all that mess, all that… torture? Why did he think Sherlock had come back, when he had already been officially declared dead? No need for that, except for John. Being close to John. Not to have to endure any more of that pain in his chest that hadn't been caused by whips or punches, by hunger or too many hours on his feet without any rest or sleep.
All he wanted was to pull his Pirate into a quiet corner and hug her tightly and snog her for a good while. Nothing more than that actually and he wondered how that was even possible considering the simmering arousal creating a pretty tight fit of the posh suit around his crotch.
A smaller curtain in the background was raised with a swish and a in a cloud of fumes and mist a figure was hiding in the shadows. A slow deep humming music started playing, the creaking of ropes and masts. In the background, the person waiting, not moving.
All he knew was that, until this moment, he hadn’t realised how much he had needed and missed what was now right in front of him. He had been a drowning man for the last year, desperate to drink in the sight of his Pirate back on stage—tall, proud, confident, stunningly beautiful and sexy as hell.
When he had finally managed to get away, he had sought shelter in one of his lesser known boltholes. He hardly ever used this one, but it would do for its current purpose. He wanted to hide, he wanted to not be found… by John. Although, he still didn't want to abandon his plans. Anything but, actually. So he had stayed put until the anticipated black sedan had pulled up to the curb right in front of his makeshift home. There was a briefing to attend after all, and if Mycroft was anything, then he was annoyingly meticulous about adhering to agreements. At least, that was what Sherlock had thought…
Even when he was taken by surprise by texts like: “When will people finally stop being idiots and realise that their mouths should better stay shut in my presence for the sake of preventing my brain shrinking to the size of a raisin from them talking this utter boring bullshit! SH” or the even more appreciated “Dinner at Angelo’s. 8pm. SH” – the easiness that used to be normal between them was gone.
"You really didn't know." almost breathless. "I wanted to tell you. At the park. But you left and I couldn't… Why did you leave, Sherlock? Why did you leave me behind? You promised!" all said in a rush, faster and faster. Then a break, shaky inhale, "You… promised, Sherlock."
Nonetheless, he checked his phone once or twice. Couldn't decide if he was relieved or disappointed that it stayed quiet.
He had been tempted to shout out to Sherlock and he nearly had when suddenly the impression had changed unexpectedly into something different altogether; when suddenly… Sherlock had started to dance.
“I didn’t mind…” he said, his grin spreading on his face, “actually, exactly the opposite.” A mischievous wink followed. When Sherlock didn't join in the teasing, he turned serious again.
The thought of Scott actually teasing his nipples, imagining it was John, spiked John’s arousal like fuel to the fire.
However, his agony accelerated exponentially with each new incoming text. The rhythm of his heartbeat speeding up a notch. His fidgeting and frantic pacing reaching heretofore unknown levels. 1980 seconds… 1200 seconds… he had given up on the primes at this point. He couldn't concentrate and who cared about them anyway... 480 seconds… 420 seconds…
“See. Exactly what I mean.” Sherlock tugged at his sleeve to free it from John’s grasp. But John held on steadily.
He was once again dressed impeccably. His hair, still a bit sweaty, had started drying and gotten sticky by now, but he knew it wouldn't affect his looks in any negative way. To the contrary, it looked styled, sleek, fancy. It suited him. Nobody would surmise the dust covered skin and muscles sore from exhaustion underneath this flawless outer shell.
Oh, right, phone sex... John shifted on his chair to get comfortable again and listened fascinated when the unintendedly seductive voice picked up again.
“Well… that talk. You know...little lurker...and about my filthy mind and getting banged and so on… What brought that on?” John elaborated, amused.
The room was desolated, wrecked. Shelves were pushed over, papers that have been sorted were now all over the place. And the photographs he had pinned to the walls neatly arranged by date and occurrence were now dangling on a net of annoyingly bright coloured ropes and cords crossing the room from one wall to the other.
lived! The whole time Sherlock had been dead. He had even moved on to live a life without Sherlock in it. Had Sherlock not come back, what would have happened? Maybe John would even have forgotten Sherlock…
kind of desire was much harder. Jesus Fucking Christ, not even in power-saving mode did his brain spare him from terrible puns. He
When he came out of the shower, Sherlock was gone. There was a note on the kitchen table. ‘Case’ it said; so John settled with his cup of coffee and tried to sufficiently caffeinate his brain to start any thinking process. When his remaining brain cells finally started to stir he jumped up from his chair and regretted it the moment the jackhammer in his head picked up its work again. In horror he looked at the clock. Damndamndamn… he had totally forgotten that he had taken over a late shift at the surgery today. How was he supposed to work in this state? How and why had he gotten himself in this state in the first place when he had to work the next day? But then, the initial plan hadn’t included pinkish drinks and precarious talks which required even more drinks. A lot more drinks. Bugger. He considered calling in sick, but then he had only taken the shift over because of a coworker being sick and a major staff shortage.
“He just never wanted you to get hurt.” In desperation he gave a little tug with the hand still settled on Sherlock’s nape. He needed Sherlock to understand. He pulled him closer until their foreheads were pressed together. Their breath mingled in the narrow space between their faces. Sherlock was grasping John’s shirt collar, the other hand had never eased the firm hold of his face. It felt as if Sherlock was clinging to him, as if he was afraid John were about to leave, would be gone the next moment.
The moment he left the bathroom with just a towel slung around his hips, yesterday's clothes bundled in his arms, he heard Sherlock’s steps on the hallway stairs.  John closed his eyes.
“What about me?" he asked, still chuckling while Sherlock playfully nibbled at his throat. "Want me to be… dunno, what would you want me to be?"
At their destination John didn’t even have time to leave the car before he saw a familiar silhouette leave the building. The long dark coat billowing behind him in his rush. Sherlock swirled around, facing away from the car, from John, and thus was unaware of their presence. Looking over his shoulders Sherlock summoned a cab and John’s breath hitched when he  glimpsed the expression on Sherlock’s face.
With his newly found determination John tried to clear his mind and figure out a plan. He had to protect Sherlock. But how? How to protect that madman from himself?
The tub was filling, in slo-mo speed as usual, and John made use of that time to seat his Pirate on their bed, interrogate her where to find the required supplies and prop himself in a chair in front of her.
"Show me what everything means, Sherlock." he said hoarsely. "Let me show you. Let's get it on." He smirked intentionally wickedly to ease the mood a bit so that they at least had a chance to make it to the bedroom.
“I wondered how effective the hair softening ingredients of shaving foam are when applied on other tissue and so I had to inject it into the bronchi of the lungs Molly had provided to recreate the effect on the alveoli in case of inhaled shaving foam.” Sherlock offered, very pleased with himself.
But then he had started listening to the lyrics and John had started to sing along. This wasn’t just any music, this was highly emotional and probably important to John. When John had raised his head and Sherlock had seen tears streaming down his face, his first instinct had been to fly to his side, take away the pain, dry his tears. Only then he had realised that this probably wasn’t welcome. John had been furious during their argument, he wouldn’t just let it go. That’s not the way John Watson was wired.
John saw the corner of Sherlock's mouth twitch and pressed his nose into the curls straining from all the products used to keep them in shape.
“So...do you want to go on?” The insecurity hadn’t vanished and John realised he also felt unreasonably protective of this peculiar stranger.
His release within reach, literally, hand on the door handle to the gents, he heard a much too familiar smooth voice coming out of the shadows.
"You damn well know I did!" he grinned and did his utmost best not to rise to his tiptoes to be able to reach the tempting lips and smear that purple lipstick all over his face while kissing Miss Pirate senseless. Wouldn't do for their cover, he guessed.
: I decided to remove the #case fic tag, because I realised this fic... It's not about the legend, the stories, the adventures. It's all about: who you really are, it
When he got his breath back, still not able to wrap his head around what had just happened, he looked at the mess he’d made and instantly knew he’d never be able to work on his laptop again without thinking of that voice. Well — that was going to be hard... Ha ha, funny, Watson. He rolled his eyes, then chuckled about the sheer ridiculousness of the entire situation.
To John’s immense relief Miss Pirate abandoned the disappointed man rather quickly. She kept teasing the drooling guys in the audience with coquettish gazes and winks, with playful hands only barely touching shoulders and backs, never lingering long enough for the men to reach out and get hold of her. Although they tried. Of course they did! Who wouldn't, having the exotic beauty of Miss Pirate in arm reach… John understood that urge completely. Didn't mean he had to like it.
“Yes. Yes, he’s up. And his own old self again. As snarky as ever…” Sherlock could literally feel the wink she gave John. Apparently she was expecting to provoke some easiness, but all that happened was John clearing his throat.
Her back turned to the audience now, she threw a cheeky grin over her shoulder before turning her head, throwing her head back, making the silly hat fly across the stage.  Running her hands slowly and teasing through her hair she made him swallow hard; it was as gorgeous as John had imagined.
"Hey, you alright?" He put a hand on Mycroft's knee and kneaded it slightly. John could only watch dumbfounded when Greg even reached around Mycroft to slap him slightly on the back. John felt the urge to stop him. Being a doctor he knew all too well that it not only didn’t help but could make things even worse. But he couldn't move. He didn’t even know where to look, what to say, how to find the right words.
“Exactly.” Sherlock nodded cockily but winked at John. John chuckled and for a while they just stupidly grinned at each other, before John cleared his throat and raised an eyebrow.
His hips lifted involuntary, his throbbing cock chasing more friction. The thought of a lace covered erection pressed against his own made him groan.
She held his gaze for a moment. He could detect no single sign of disgust or shock or even pity. All he could see was curiosity, tenderness, even awe. John was stunned and relieved and it made his heart jump.
Due to the close proximity caused by their position John’s view on the area was a bit blurry and he had to go on by touch alone. He closed his eyes to heighten his senses to ‘better see with his fingers’, which he was good in, being a doctor and all, and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s belly. He had underestimated that also the smell would be much more intense and the scent of Sherlock combined with the noises he made, set John’s body on fire.
Sherlock only nodded, John leaned in to give him a tiny peck on the top of his nose and got to work.
One thing was standing out though because it was such an uncommon sight. He hadn't even been really aware of its existence, maybe marginally as a piece of furniture. But now there was a little red light blinking and attracting his attention. Without noticing he moved forwards, unaware that he was stepping on his music sheets, raising his hand towards the little blinking dot as if it were a rare creature never seen before. He pressed the button he assumed was the right one to stop the blinking. And immediately the room was filled by music, searing, desperate but determined.
wouldn’t have the courage to do it, nothing would change. And if nothing changed, then nothing would change. And that was unacceptable under the current circumstances.
If my love isn’t reason enough, then what is? If I’m not enough. There’s nothing more that I have to give. I’d give it all. If it would only be reason enough for you!
He froze from horror the moment he looked at the stage again. Miss Pirate was gone! He cursed his dick-driven mind—how long had his eyes been closed? Damnit!!
“Well… I don't know, Greg.” John said, frowning, staring down his glass. “I don't know. It's… nothing actually. Nothing.”
He had made an utter fool of himself. And if Sherlock despised anything then it was a fool. Fools, idiots, the ones that didn’t realise what was directly in front of them.
It left him half naked, in the truest sense of the word—arms and torso bare, lower half of his body still dressed. John swallowed hard; no matter the situation, the sight was undeniably sexy—Sherlock moving smoothly like a feline predator on the hunt, intimidatingly calm and composed even though his dark shadowed eyes emitted sparks of anger; curls in a disarray; face flushed from his troubled emotional state and possibly some other emotions as well; the naked skin of his muscled torso sinfully illuminated, the dim lights accentuating every hollow and every bulge his muscles formed, caressing his lean form, his slim waist; the well worn denims John had never seen on Sherlock before hanging low on his waist, tight enough to pronounce the curve of his arse, loose enough not to cling, exposing his hip bones and the now hairless patch of skin underneath his navel, where normally a thin trace of dark hair pointed down to where now Sherlocks long fingered hands rested on his waistband; thumbs hooked in, fingers suggestively framing his crotch.
At the corner of Baker Street he stopped his stride, nerves suddenly prickling up his neck and over his scalp. Looking diagonally across the street he could see Speedy's red awning. Impressive how different such a simple sight can feel. Not long ago in the rain it had felt like desperation and dread, a few days later it had felt like loss and emptiness. Now though, it felt like hope, like confidence, like a thousand bees buzzing through his body. He took a deep steadying breath and continued his path. When he got closer, crossed the street, he thought he saw the curtains of the upstairs flat move. No sign of a long lean figure hovering behind them though. The dropping feeling in his stomach made him aware of how much he had hoped for Sherlock to stand there, looking out of the window, waiting for him. Maybe Sherlock didn't expect him after all? Maybe the curtains had been wavered by a draft?
The wonder widening Sherlock's eyes and causing a small hitch in his breaths filled John with joy about his own correct estimation but also saddened him, realising what an unfamiliar concept it seemed to be to Sherlock.
The day was chilly. John walked through the gates of Regent’s Park and pulled the collar of his coat up, shivering slightly. He watched the sun play hide and seek with the clouds which hurried across the sky. The erratic pace of the shadows appearing and vanishing tricked the eye and made John jumpy. His nerves were on edge. He was over-aware of the noises around him, feeling people passing too close in his comfort zone. It made him shudder with annoyance. Although they couldn't know that John was about to burst out of his skin filled to the brim with worries and doubts and questions and regret. He clenched and unclenched his left hand, feeling the tremor that had been absent since the day of Sherlock's return. He was shivering from frosty defensiveness inside his chest, but at the same time he felt much too hot beneath his skin from a smouldering hopefulness. From the anticipation of seeing Sherlock again, in the flesh, eye to eye. He didn’t really understand why. This was just Sherlock he was meeting, no stranger, but his best friend. Only, there was no such thing as ‘just’ between them these days.
John barked out a laugh; release of all the remaining tension. Then, he teasingly raised an eyebrow and went back to his borrowed demeanour of Hollywood golden era heartthrob.
there had been a big chance that John would see it! Although, interesting that John checked on his kinky gay blog at work.
The mingled sound of both their harsh and fast breathing being the only noise breaking the silence, Sherlock ran his slicked fingers further backwards to where the dip of his entrance was hidden for John’s eyes. The mental image of Sherlock’s fingers, nails painted dark purple, tracing the crinkled pink skin of his own rim, made John’s penis in Sherlock’s tight grip revolt and throb; a sharp spark of arousal setting John’s nerves on fire.
John looked back down at his hands, folded and trembling. He leaned on his elbows propped up on the kitchen counter to hold him upright. After a while he groaned and let himself fall forward until his forehead hit the wood of the kitchen counter with a thud. The dull pain seeping into his senses was a welcomed addition.
It hadn’t been there when he had left. He was absolutely sure about it. There, on the mantle. Stabbed as all the things he couldn’t find an answer for. Mrs Hudson kept telling him that he wouldn’t need a new mantle if he was any good as a detective. Maybe he wasn’t after all. Because there it was and he didn’t know how or why or what to do about it.
There was something his brain didn't catch up to. He could feel it in the twist of his thoughts, in the tangle of memories. But while trying to sit up he realised that there wasn't any energy left to nurture his neurons, to spread their information and form any coherent deduction.
Scott took a moment, probably to get some breath back, which worked out just fine for John so he could get a grip on himself. Even though that was as ambitious as it was ambiguous at this point.
His thoughts came to a halt when he felt a warm hand searching his; fingers intertwining. He looked around and realised they had already made their way outside of the power station and its surrounding area. How had he missed it, how could he waste all those precious minutes with John. He willed himself to stay in the moment, John's hand in his anchoring him, pulling him into the present.
"What?" John trembled, barely able to contain his agitation. He was about to choke the man, if only he wouldn't need him alive to get more information out of him. "What do you mean?"
John swallowed hard. He was certain that he could literally physically feel the heat radiating from that other body in the room. He was certain that he could feel that heat spreading through his veins until he felt it simmering under his skin, until his heart and body were burning. This was really not a good time to be this affected.
“You…,” he looked at Sherlock’s with mischief twinkling eyes. “You absolut… prick! You… bastard!!” John alternated between shouting and laughing.
“Yep,” Sherlock only said, popping the ‘p’ as he loved to do, “becoming Miss Pirate again!” and his eyes gleamed. John saw his suspicion confirmed that The Pirate was more than just a disguise for Sherlock.
“Oi, what’s wrong with my name? What do you mean ‘of course’? Don’t tell me you guessed that one as well...” John reacted, offended.
“No to all of it!” John suddenly yelled. All the bottled up tension breaking free and hitting the wrong man. Luckily, Greg wasn’t impressed easily, having handled Sherlock for several years. He just sat quietly on the sofa and waited for the first wave of anger to ebb away. John scrubbed his hand over his face and sighed.
Through all of it, Miss Pirate’s Jolly Roger flag followed her everywhere—most of the time just floating through the air, randomly brushing and tracing the heated skin of her admirers, but also conveniently helping out with covering herself, with blinding her audience accidentally or on purpose, cuffing and trapping too eager and unwanted hands. The more daring her advances, the jumpier John was. This including-the-audience-part really wasn’t his favourite. Not At All.
Something deep within him shifted, moved, settled into place. A perfectly fitting piece of a puzzle. Completing a picture.
"Oh, don't bother with Hudders past, it's not relevant to…" Sherlock cut John off, sounding a bit… evasive? Whatever, not what John wanted anyway, he'd interrogate Sherlock about Mrs Hudson's involvement at some later point.
in the eye again? Well, at least the man wasn’t aware of his role in yesterday’s illustrious pub-talk.
The rumbling laughter bubbling up in his throat got stuck when John let his hands slide down Sherlock's arms until he reached the hands steadily settled on his hips.
“Okay, great.” John smiled warmly at Sherlock. “Shall I just…?” He pointed with one thumb over his shoulder to signal that he’d make his way to the sidelines. The moment he made an attempt to turn, to give Sherlock some space, Sherlock grabbed his wrist and held him back. John looked curiously at him.
“Yes, John. Others—there are several more that are worth considering, although I’m not yet able to estimate which one of those is the most promising if it wasn’t the last one.” Sherlock mused.
“Mmmhmmm, yes,” he hummed and wasn’t sure if he had imagined the sharp inhale at the other end of the line.
, together with his location. And immediately pocketed his phone again to have both hands on his gun.
Only now, without a crowd blocking his view, with it flooded in bright light, John realised that the tendrils spreading out from the stage weren’t just funny gadgets. There were eight of them, four to each side. Spreading out like legs. Creepy, nauseating, spidery legs. Spider-legs. Him! All the anger and fury and rage built up during the last weeks... month? years, maybe… all that rose to the surface and made it difficult for John not to explode on the spot.
“Well shit.” Greg said. And when a confirming grunt was the only answer he got he emptied his glass in one go throwing his head backwards.
"...is… we have to find a way to talk. Just… you and me, yeah? I mean, the songs and all, that's great. It's good. But," a small huff, "It's not as if we're writing them, right? Sometimes…
before he even consciously decided to do so and regretted it immediately when the first accords of a silent electric guitar filled the room – a song he knew too well, a song he couldn't stop listening to at a time when everything he had left was clinging to the memory of the one person that mattered.
From here on the chapters are going to be a bit longer. And when I say a bit... well... I'm sorry? It was not within my power though, the boys just demanded a bit more space for drama. Sherlock in particular felt neglected in his role as World's Most Dramatic Drama Queen. What was I supposed to do? *shrug emoji*
Suddenly sharply aware of what they were doing—holding hands, something they’d never done before, something so small and yet so powerful, not just one but a thousand steps forward—a shiver ran along John’s arms. Spreading from their joined hands, tingling over his skin, settling in his chest.
"And I thought you'd deliberately chosen not to come by." John huffed a laugh and stopped in his tracks. He pointed across the street. "See that pier over there, in the distance?"
That night John couldn't bring himself to go to bed. Not even to lie down. For no idea how long he stayed where he was, sitting on the uncomfortable bar stool until his buttocks had passed the stage of pain and had settled into numbness. Eventually, he had to get up after all and for the first time since he stayed at Greg's home, he went over to the window facing the water and therefore also Battersea power station. He just looked and stared and watched and wished he could turn on the lights inside by pure willpower until his eyes began to water, which of course was due to not blinking for too long. That's what he told himself. He still felt as if he couldn't see it clearly enough, blaming the layer the window presented, separating him. So he went up to the roof; on his way he grabbed a blanket from the sofa and, cocooned in it, sat on one of the chairs looking in the direction he had avoided for so long, he had feared until now.
The stale smell of take away food reminded John of yesterday's feast; one a bit of a different kind than initially intended though.
“Okay then,” he said, setting down his equipment. He got comfortable on the bed and laid a reassuring hand on Sherlock’s thigh. “Bend your knees and splay your legs for me.” He told Sherlock and tried to sound unaffected and professional.
Right now it wouldn’t be tears of happiness though. At this moment he felt empty, empty of everything; he had already cried too much. Feeling numb inside he was also getting indifferent. He was out of his depth. If he wouldn’t stay with Sherlock, if their friendship wouldn’t survive all this… what was he supposed to do? What purpose in life would he have left? What would he be useful for? Nobody could ever fill the emptiness, that the separation from Sherlock would no doubt leave within John’s heart and soul. Nobody could ever replace Sherlock. So what would be the use of a life without Sherlock anyway? How would he be able to carry on? He knew the answers to all of this and it scared him.
He couldn’t really blame himself given the circumstances lately. But now he had to improvise. Unfortunately he had chosen his white dress shirt this morning, his casual one but none the less expensive. The only option was to do without. It wouldn’t be that intolerable as the temperature outside was increasing and the sun warmed the air inside the building through the windows . He even got glimpses of the dust whirling in the incoming light out there where he would stand in just a moment. He would be able to feel the sunbeams caress his skin, feel the warmth seep into his body, taking away the tenseness of his muscles. He noticed that he was even grateful now for the fate that made him forget his shirt. This would do, and it would add just the last missing bit to the task at hand - trying to lighten the dark shadows lingering in the corners of his soul.
The next morning found John Watson awkwardly strolling the aisle of women’s toiletries at the chemist's. Sherlock bustling about in a flurry of excitement pulled out one product after the other, discussing the pros and cons noisily with John across the shelves as if they were the only customers. John tried hard to become invisible while still showing interest in the new "project" for Sherlock's sake. After all, it was in his Won best interest as well, he just wasn’t able to concentrate on the task without thinking about the implications of the supplies Sherlock gathered. It would be highly inappropriate to indulge in those thoughts in public…
Sherlock's face looked even paler than the rest of the revealed skin, cheeks hollow, dark shadows surrounding his eyes, bloodshot eyes, his gaze glassy and empty.
When he squirted a big blob of shaving foam on the palm of his hand, he paused though and pulled a face.
he needed a battle-plan. Lacking any reliable data, he had to work his way onwards from the only indisputable fact in this disaster
rather, that lap dance, you know, when we met, would have been special. That it had been… hmm, just for me." John shrugged one shoulder and felt his face heat up. "I guess, I was a bit disappointed that apparently it wasn't…" he trailed off, feeling ridiculous and futile.
“And then I mean not only your dancing, Sherlock. Also when you play your violin, it’s as if you’re dancing without dancing. And when I see you, hear you, something's stirring inside; there's something’s happening to me which I never fully understood.”
“You assume correctly then.” John beamed up at him. He seemed so happy and so content that it not only tugged at Sherlock’s hand but also at something hidden deep within his chest. “He really was nice though. He became a good friend these last weeks.” He sighed and the easiness drained from him. “Yeah, it wasn’t easy. Don’t know what I would have done without him. He was a great support. Really a great friend actually.”
He watched himself holding John’s hands; he watched himself being led, following, without resistance. He watched himself gravitating towards the man in front of him, watched the two of them, secure in their own orbit, like two elements connecting, forming a new substance.
He silently looked at the camera for a moment. As if waiting for a response. And Sherlock would have loved to give it to him. To confirm it. Yes… that… the two of them. But he couldn't. It was impossible. It was tearing him apart. How? How did people do this? John-on-screen then cleared his throat, stemmed his hands on his knees as if to get up.
Theatrically he placed a hand on his heart, threw his head back, then spread his arms wide, before he took cautious steps in Sherlock's direction, closing the distance. He pointed his finger in the worst possible acting manner at Sherlock to vocally sing along those last lines.
The staircase leading down to the bar was entirely made of stone and the walls were painted bright red with posters every now and again indicating what new entertainment could be found at the bar on a given night. The room itself mimicked the staircase with brightly coloured walls, mainly pink and purple, and flows of sheer fabric rippling across the rounded ceiling in a rainbow of colours. It was small and secluded, obviously not meant for large amount of people, but welcoming.
'Sherlock,' John said, his voice gentler than before. 'I can't help you if I don't know what's wrong.'
‘I was a fool! I need them John! Mrs. Hudson!’ Sherlock slammed the cabinets and stomped toward the sofa, his plaid dressing gown trailing behind him.
They all rose from their chairs, John extending his hand for Mycroft to shake, though the acknowledgement never came. He smirked, turned on his heel and left through the oddly out-of-place steel door that concealed Mycroft’s office. Sherlock watched him as he went, not moving from where he stood in front of Mycroft’s desk.
Sherlock smiled and pulled John closer, closing his eyes and pressing his lips to John’s. John tensed for a moment and then relaxed into the kiss. He brought his hand to Sherlock’s hair and ran it through the curls.
'Sherlock. Thank God,' John said, a rush of relief bleeding through his voice. He ran a hand through Sherlock’s hair and rested his face against Sherlock's arm.
He arrived just outside and took a deep breath. He placed his hand behind his neck, stretched and then reached for the door. The handle twisted easily, which sent an alarm to Q’s mind. The door had been locked when he left to run Bond’s mission, but now it definitely was unlocked.
Q rolled his eyes. 'The files in your jacket. The ones you only have one copy of and have permanently erased all copies of on the networks. How did you manage that one by the way?'
Q rolled his eyes. 'Changing the conversation back. That does mean that Bond and my timeline still exists.'
Sherlock squinted at John and managed an awkward smile. 'I’m fine. Now off you go,' he said, weakly waving John from the room.
Sherlock sat up, swinging his feet to the floor, nearly hitting the small coffee table in the process. He steepled his fingers under his chin and stared at John, not blinking.
'Sure,' Bond smiled as he crossed the room and pulled out Q’s notebook. He returned and sat in the chair. 'So, shall we review the facts?'
John ran a hand down Sherlock’s face, Sherlock leaning slightly and unconsciously into the touch. “It’s okay.”
'I can't get you out of my head, John. From the moment you moved in, to the moment you married Mary, to the moment you moved back in, you have been the only person who I have ever cared about.'
'I think I’m fine,' he ran a quick diagnostic check on himself. 'I can’t seem to find anything wrong.'
“No. No, Sherlock. You don’t get to make the decision on this by yourself. This affects both of us.”
“Mycroft emailed while we were in Vienna and sent over the documents needed to continue tracking down Sergei.”
As the flight landed in Heathrow, Sherlock remained silent, just as he had for the entirety of the flight from Prague. He stared out the window, watching as the scenery grew larger and eventually slowed to a stop. John stared down at his hands and licked his lips. He turned and stared at Sherlock, wanting to say something, but instead he returned his attention back to his hands.
'You dislocated your shoulder when the detective chief inspector tried to help you from falling,' a blonde woman said approaching Q’s bed. She leaned slightly on the edge and picked up the chart at the end of the bed.
“That will be a bit difficult, however, if you are no longer alive,” Potyomokin said, his grin growing toothy and more wicked looking by the second.
John stared at Sherlock, fighting the urge to render Potyomokin unconscious. He picked up his pint and took a small sip from it, the liquid swirling in the glass as it landed upon the table perhaps a bit harder than John intended.
The restaurant was small, comfortable and very private. The walls were painted in a deep scarlet and many of the accents of the space were trimmed in gold. Only a handful of people were able to be seated and there were patrons waiting at the front for a table.
He stood in the doorway, watching Sherlock stare out the window. He watched as Sherlock deliberately kept his back to John, but held his ground.
“Sherlock,” he reached out and took his hand. He ran little circles over the back of his hand with his thumb. “You need to stop looking for answers. Yes, I can tell that’s what you’re doing. You didn’t kill them. I didn’t kill them.”
'Hello, Mycroft,' John said. He looked around at the gathered crowd, though he did not recognize anyone.
The bullet hit the stone wall and the other patrons in the bar ducked for cover, letting out little yelps and whimpers.
'I did not have any issues when I was talking with the younger Mister Kripe,' Q said, smiling at Bond. 'I’m not even sure what happened.'
'This can’t wait. It’s only a matter of time before Mycroft takes this case back and they’re pursuing you as the suspect. I can’t let that happen.'
“Looking for this?” a voice behind John said. His own gun pressed into the back of John’s head and he stilled.
“It’s because you’re going to leave me,” Sherlock said, his hands moving and settling themselves loosely on John’s arms.
“My only job right now is not murdering you within the next minute, Sherlock!” John snarled through gritted teeth.
"Donovan? Anderson? For example..." John shrugged and it was plain as day what he thought of similar comments in real life.
"You rein me in, you make me live in a flock, you feed me, you protect me, you find me and get me back when I'm lost. Obvious, really."
Up to the point they had entered Mycroft's kitchen everything had gone according to Sherlock's predictions. Of course he had known that Mycroft would locate his bolt hole eventually. Actually, he had downright counted on him doing so. But John wouldn't. And that was the whole point.
He pressed their lips firmer together, and felt John do the same, to chase that feeling of belonging as if it was likely to slip away. He wanted to imprint it on his lips and on his soul, to never lose it again. Now he had found his one place on earth to be, he wanted to claim it and to be claimed, branded onto his heart.
So that was settled… John suffered from selective amnesia concerning his skills as a doctor — at least that much was confirmed. What other memories and knowledge had been lost must be further investigated at a later point. Considering his behavior lately there was a high probability of severe gaps in his memory, possibly even longer spans of time missing. Than could contain a range from several days to maybe even weeks or months. Or years?
It took John a moment to remind his body that it needed oxygen, but when Breathing 2.0 had rebooted he whispered, "Sherlock?"
“Yes,” Scott hissed, but continued, interlacing his words with deep baritone groans. “My silken dressing gowns.”
"Well, I'd prefer she'd restrain from calling. Not really my area." the slightly less bored voice rumbled. "Although, it would make for some interesting and at times pretty useful information. But no, if I can help it I refuse to be at her majesty's service all together. Unless that's what you desire to indulge in for your...whatever you've called for."
“So,” John droped the attempt to distract them with useless chitchat, “what did Mrs Hudson mean when she said she taught you?”
“No, just… Forget it. It doesn’t matter...” John shook his head in amusement. “Now I also missed the next stop by the way.”
The still urgent angst and need to be enough couldn't be left unanswered by actual words though. Sherlock had to understand. It wasn't about proving themselves to each other anymore; it was about being together, about doing it together.
John let go of Sherlock’s arm and it fell to his side like a dead limp. He stared at Sherlock. So it was true. Some’
Without a word, Sherlock’s hand, currently buried in John’s pants, fondling his balls, pushed John’s pants down, just low enough to free his cock and scrotum. If he had expected to be the recipient of the lube, he was sorely mistaken. His desperate and leaking erection was held firmly in Sherlock’s unmoving hand; hot and pulsing and drippling precome without any further stimulation. John was almost out of his mind.
He had to concentrate. He could do this! Trying to calm down his breathing Sherlock slipped mentally back into his pose.
There was nothing to it, he had to start his investigation all over again. He picked up his laptop again and flipped the lid open. He wasn't exactly sure how the internet could help him find whomever John Watson needed to save, but what else was he supposed to do? Where to start?
"I'd say so, yeah…" Greg agreed. "You… okay then? Should we… dunno, stay up a bit? Still some beer in the fridge…" Greg inspected his friend with concern, but John could sense the wish for a soft pillow and sweet dreams on him.
“And what does that have to do with intercourse with a subspecies of the anatidae?” John could literally hear the frown.
As soon as they stepped under the spray of hot water together all bashfulness was washed away and a sort of eagerness, of hunger, took over. The mix of sensations was heady, the warmth, the patter of the drops on hyper-sensitive skin, the static of the rushing water and above all… hands. Hands everywhere, sliding on slick skin, exploring, caressing, claiming, demanding. Urgent. Needy. And kisses. The taste of their mouths, their tongues, mixed with the sweetness of the water running over their faces. Not bothered by hair plastered on foreheads, eyes stinging from washed out hair products—nothing was important right now but their bodies together, skin on skin, heart to heart.
When he rounded the last corner he stopped in his tracks. There was Sherlock. He sat on a bench across from the bar. The endless legs stretched out, half hidden under his long coat. His head hung between his shoulders and his hands were clenched in his lap. Next to him on the bench there were two paper cups, no doubt filled with coffee just the way John liked it best. John smiled warmly. These were the little things in which Sherlock had changed so much. When in the beginning, when John first met him, he had not even understood a kind offer directed at himself, he was now the one considerate enough to already suffer through the queue, order and pay for someone else and then on top of it… wait for the other person to arrive before having his own drink. This little gesture made his heart swell.
In the mornings however, the notes joined their friends in the tin and John tried to stay calm, if it had the right to be called 'calm' at this point, and to convince himself that it didn’t mean anything. Nope, it didn’t. Why would it? Sherlock had said so—it was part of the disguise, no? Part of the game. Miss Pirate's natural behaviour. Christ, was
How they had managed to break through those walls now, John wasn't quite sure. It felt so sudden, although it had actually been a long time coming, John guessed. Piling up until they finally caved in. And it was
“Oh, come off it, John,” Sherlock huffed, “who’d expect a war hero, extremely skilled doctor, crack shot and a sex god behind your boring everyman’s appearance?”
Of course there would be ways to quiet his mind, he had chosen them before. He knew the heavenly feeling a simple shot up his veins would ensure.
“Back? I thought you’ve said we won’t come back to the club?” John asked, puzzled. Had he misunderstood? No, he hadn’t; he viciously remembered the feeling of relief that was now erased by disappointment.
Crushing all the restraints, demolishing all the boundaries, breaking the walls of the glass house they were sitting in John rushed forwards. It felt too slow, but he couldn't be too late again.
“Starting now.” John laughed, pulling out his phone. “You already agreed, no way back.” He had way too much fun with this. Served his nutter of a boyfriend right.
He rolled the device in his right hand, thinking, weighing. Would it be wise to go back there? Useless to pretend that it wouldn’t stir the maelstrom of emotions he had gone through these last few days. Was it worth it when it all had just calmed down a bit?
— home, I assume? As you probably wouldn’t indulge in your carnal desire right then and there at the restaurant.” Scott scoffed.
"But you see? Not even an exceptionally nice guy as Mike had been able to gain my attention. Nobody and nothing had. When something was new it was fun, but everything and everyone was boring after a while. So on I went, looking for the next shot of happiness. Everything that interrupted the dullness was welcome… work, the army, getting pissed, a quick fuck preferably in a different bed each night."
He turned to cautiously scan the emotional state of his partner. Miss Pirate’s face was blank, indifferent, as far as John could tell through all the make-up, the Pirate-persona-mask or maybe not mask, and his once again immediately awe-struck mind-mush.
John swallowed, heart beating fast and desperate in his chest. God, what was happening to him? Where was this coming from. But John knew; he knew exactly. This was what he had captured in a hidden place, a little box, securely sealed for a long time. It was torn open now, forced by desperation, by fear of losing it all over again. By the urge to make one last attempt to hold on to his chance to win Sherlock back.
So, John guided the trimmer first over the plush arse cheeks, from the small of his back down until they merged into the thigh. Over and over again, from hip inwards, alternating between the sides. It was almost meditativ if it weren’t for Sherlock’s silent curses and John’s racing heartbeat. When only the cleft was left unshaved, the image of spreading Sherlock’s cheeks to get access to the dusty hair covering the skin in between, made John groan. He knew he should probably finish his work, which would definitely not happen this way. Besides, having only one hand to hold Sherlock's cheeks apart and one hand to guide the trimmer wasn’t particularly practical. Torn between his task and burning desire, a different much better plan formed in John’s mind. He’d get back to that tempting backside, but all in good time.
“Acquaintance?” John squeaked, before his thoughts caught up and he angrily added, “and who the fuck said anything about suicidal tendencies?”
A huge Thank You to everyone who's still around and following the journey of my guys. I'm endlessly grateful!! Thank you for sticking with us!!! It means the world to me! <3
“Well, what’s this then?” he asked, standing in the middle of the room—dressed in nothing but pants, hair ruffled, hands stemmed in his side.
He sighed deeply, nervously tapping the screen of his phone. Realising that it might have come over a bit rude he sent a second one.
“Very tight too, probably? Because of the crinkles, of course...” John inquired amused, somehow already knowing the answer.
He opened speed dial ‘1’, pulled a face and pushed the call button. He didn’t have to wait long for Sherlock to pick up.
He had decided against going over to Baker Street in the middle of the night. He had hoped to be better rested in the morning, to have sorted his words and thoughts and emotions, to be able to face Sherlock in a composed state.
The next couple of weeks were really challenging for them. Almost every night they were out at the clubs—except for the nights when the purple pirate costume was in dire need of a dry clean. There were a couple of clubs they revisited, although mostly it was a different establishment each night—all varying in the wide range of audiences and players in the game. John wondered how many there were and was astonished by the amount of people Sherlock knew.
John's eyes flicking between his shone with such warm and deep affection that he knew John had understood; John knew what he had tried to say.
Sherlock waited for some kind of explanation. To no avail. Mycroft remained silent, sat down eventually and started to slowly sip his tea. Sherlock followed suit but kept observing his brother suspiciously out of the corner of his eye. This went on until the pot of tea was almost empty and Sherlock's nerves were strained to breaking point. When Mycroft finally stood, the air in the kitchen was thick with bottled up tension.
“You weren't supposed to be like that.” Sherlock said insistently. “I was furious; why would you be like that?”
Why would it then be the memory of Sherlock dancing, moving gracefully, nearly floating that would carry him forwards? He told himself that it was just the novelty of the situation that made him curious. Nonetheless, he was not able to stop himself even if his conscious mind warned him to turn around and leave and look for any other way to solve this mess… not to intrude Sherlock’s privacy, perfectly knowing the consequences.
Forgive me? For what? For cutting yourself off of me? Why would I? For failing to cut yourself? Why ever would I?
He tried to carry on, just live through the morning. Eventually, Greg got up, headed to work after devouring a bowl of cereals in record time. They didn't mention the previous evening with a single word and John was grateful for it.
"Maybe those two cabs weren't such a bad idea after all," he growled dark and dangerous, opened the front door and set foot into the outside world.
checking on your phone every few minutes, and-“, here he raised a hand to stop John from interrupting, “ – AND I know for sure that you get notifications for all your accounts. Even for Sherlock’s, goddammit. So stop that bullshit!” he took a breath and his look lost the sharp edge.
Bending his shaking legs, he crouched down. In slow-motion he picked the envelope up as if afraid to burn his fingers the moment he touched it. Something solid shifted inside, probably the item causing the clatter. He wondered and weighed if he should open it, should take it with him, throw it away. It wasn’t his after all. And… he didn’t care, did he?
Ripped out of his mind-palace Sherlock groaned. He couldn’t think with all that noise! Usually, this didn't happen when he was in his mind-palace. Nothing could distract him there... nothing but John.
He couldn’t care less today - actually ever, but today it was even more annoying. As if it mattered. The world wouldn’t stop turning even if he would cry out his frustration into the silent hallways. But it would get him a lecture from his stuck-up big brother and that wouldn’t be very helpful at the moment.
He hadn't expected anything of this evening and now he had been seduced by the most beautiful dancer and his first encounter with another person since what felt like forever had been with a Pirate in a dark hallway. A special Pirate. An amazing and quite extraordinary Pirate.
He rolled his eyes and glared at the cabby until the man swallowed, clamped his steering wheel and averted his eyes; concentrating solely on the traffic.
Sherlock punched the armrest of his chair in frustration but by accident he hit the metal frame. He swore and held and rubbed his hand.
When he opened the door leading into the living room, an undue amount of dust tickled the back of his throat and he had to fight a cough fit. Obviously, Mrs Hudson hadn’t set a foot in the abandoned flat since he had left. Although, it had only been a little more than a week. Had it always been like this? Had he just not noticed while living here? The krass contrast to the sterile cleanliness of his current living space was blatantly obvious. Apparently, his body had adjusted just fine to the new dust-free surroundings and had un-justed cold turkey from his former lifestyle. He wished for his mind to accomplish the same but it seemed like mind and heart didn’t care so much about dust. Or maybe rather too much, because... dust was eloquent. It told too much about time that had passed and people who had left.
He couldn't sleep. He stayed up, like a statue in his chair, motionless and frozen, freezing down to the core.
"Good. That's good!" Exhale on the other end of the line. "I just don't want any misunderstandings anymore. I can't… I think we only
“Oh, right, yeah — stupid me. You get paid for it of course. What was I thinking…” John sighed, suddenly harshly pulled out of the bubble he hadn’t realised had engulfed him.
“No… not exactly said… not in words…” John squirmed. When he only met Greg’s puzzled gaze, he sighed. “I don’t know Greg, but that’s the vibe I get.”
He could barely stand it when her tongue darted out between beautiful white teeth and traced the shape of her upper lip slowly.
John had one advantage though… He was still fully clothed. Which somehow left Sherlock at his mercy. True to that thought, Sherlock spread his arms and legs, displaying himself, and closed his eyes.
Swallowing, John stepped forwards. The moment he turned on the trimmer and the buzzing sound filled the air, he saw a shiver running over Sherlock’s body.
“See, tha’s why I would never call you. Would be embarrassssing to look you in the eye right now. Right? God, your eyesss, Ssshherlock…” John slurred.
"It deserves the rating considering I wasn't able to narrow down the amount of ideas for its solution to three within the first 30 minutes."
"Wrong," Sherlock rumbled, dangerously low. This tone of voice always caused a shut-down of John's brain. It almost did this time as well, but only Sherlock's next words made him halt.
"Yes, you were!" John protested as hard as he was able to. "Fucking hell, Sherlock. That Moriarty guy and his gang had abducted you, you were completely at their mercy, dammit."
“We should watch it together someday.” Sherlock hummed, eyeing John's exposed shoulders appreciatively. “Maybe I can get some… inspiration.” And he let himself willingly be pulled closer until they were pressed flush against each other—feet bumping against feet, settling side by side, shins and calves leaning against shins and calves, knees trapping each other, thighs pressed together all the way up to their groins. The heat simmering underneath their clothes, under their skin, crawling through their veins, flared up again. John felt it unfurl and grow and flicker through his body. They were swaying slightly, unsteady, in the attempt to keep eye contact despite their closeness.
With these thoughts in mind John dozed off, still fully clothed, lying on his belly across his bed on top of the duvet. He wasn’t aware of the music still droning on from his phone. At some point he had set the song on repeat, trying to listen to it more closely. He didn’t get the chance to turn it off though, that’s why the song kept blurting over and over until the battery of his phone died. The quiet surrounded him like a blanket and carried him deeper into his sleep. Drained by his own emotions, oblivious to his surroundings, not caring about anything. Rejecting the new morning and the day to come. Not wanting them to be an option, let alone an unstoppable reality, because he had to face the man who was causing all his misery.
“Yep. Serving with the RAMC as Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers to be precise.” John said proudly.
“What even is your point, Mrs Hudson?” Sherlock snapped and finally gazed at her. He felt a bit guilty by the look on her face, but how dare she interrupt him uninvited.
And that was what did John in! Something in what Sherlock had said stirred a whole thunderstorm of emotions in him, of which the main one was the wish for the ground to open up and swallow him whole. What? Had? Happened? John wanted to know but didn’t want to know and didn’t know what he wanted. All he knew was, he couldn’t ask Sherlock.
Finally up, he padded to the loo, took a quick shower and after being dressed made his way to the kitchen for his first morning coffee. It was already brewed, so Greg was already up, and when John took his first sip his eyes fell on the clock. It was late in the morning already, nearly noon, which explained the sun already being high in the sky. John also got aware of the windows being ajar and still the boat being hot like an oven. No draft, not even a bit of air moving inside the room. The weather had made good to the promise of yesterday evening's implications then. A very rare warm and bright early summer day over London.
“Is this the ‘it is not as it seems’ talk? It’s me not you? Yeah? ‘We could still be friends’?” John mimicked the quote marks and huffed.
After his… well, breakdown is probably the most suitable description... Mycroft had interrogated him about the sincerity of his decision and the feasibility of the project. Obviously regarding mental and physical health. But Sherlock had found John's USB device. He saw his assumptions confirmed that John wouldn't see reason and was much too stubborn to give in to participate in the necessary and logical measurements that must be taken. Therefore he felt vindicated in his plans. At the same time as writing the email to John he had reinforced the request he had made the day he went to see Mycroft at the Diogenes Club. And then, the same night, unable to sleep, turning it all over in his head and reflecting upon all possible eventualities, he got the call from John. And he had felt sucked in again with the intensity of a maelstrom and he had realised that he had to speed up his undertakings. Time was pressing, his weaknesses threatened to get the better of him. He couldn't risk it.
They both went silent again, but John desperately wanted to hear what Sherlock had to say, wanted to understand. And maybe he was still a bit scared about what would happen if he opened his mouth and all his confused thoughts just came tumbling out without sorting, without filter. So much he wanted to say, so much that couldn’t be said. So he swallowed it back and gestured at Sherlock.
When he had left Baker Street yesterday morning, he hadn't taken many of his belongings—yet. Mrs Hudson was still asleep, he didn't want to wake her by making too much noise. She would be informed in time.
"John," Sherlock tried to interrupt him, but John held one finger up to stop him. Sherlock clicked his mouth shut again.
like a shared secret between only the two of them. Of course, there had also been the 2am torturing of the strings, but John missed even that. Wasn't that, too, something that belonged to a life with Sherlock Holmes? Just as empty fridges, stacks of unpaid bills, having to bring the weirdest garments of disguise to the cleaner? Just as ruined tv-shows, night time take away, an uncommented new bought jumper on his bed? Just as breakfast with newspaper? Just as two chairs in front of the fireplace? He missed all of it. He missed Sherlock.
“I’m Scott and I can’t wait to serve your every need, fulfil your kinkiest bisexual fantasies…” the man practically growled.
He couldn't believe his luck that, after everything, they were still this. They were still them—completely bonkers, them. Good God, he loved this man. Not able to hold back any longer he got up, circled the desk to cradle Sherlock's face in both his hands, lean down and pull him into a deep tender kiss. With difficulties he pulled away from those addictive lips and looked at his friend, his partner. In the truest sense of the word: his other half.
Sherlock slammed his hand flat on his thigh, centring his anger, turning it into physical pain, distracting his sensation from the growing tension around his jaw, which kept his unvoiced scream inside.
“I know, ...” he said again, let the unspoken word deliberately hang in the air between them, looking Sherlock into the eye in an attempt to convey ‘I might not say it, but I mean it’. Sherlock didn’t pull his hand back and Sherlock’s shaky inhale told him that the message was received. Good.
“Last night, when I realised that I failed to gain the required information and reasoned that exactly this situation would arise. When I left the stage after my last performance.”
But seeing them stride along the rest of the audience, tracing jawlines with their fingers, throwing little cheeky kisses from their delicate hands, John realised that he had absolutely no idea how long this little encounter with his personal Pirate had taken. It had felt forever but it could just as well have been mere seconds.
“Oh God, yes!” John's mouth said quicker than his brain could process. To be fair, his brain wasn't working to its full capacity at the moment due to sudden lack of blood supply.
While John clung to his own legs he felt as vulnerable as the little boy he once had been, sitting in this exact same position, hiding in his wardrobe to tune out the shouting from his parents' bedroom, torn between wanting everything to stay as it was and everything to change at the same time. He rocked slightly back and forth, feeling a faint breeze tenderly caress the bare skin of his nape, soft from the first hints of summer hanging in the air. In contrast to the stuffy cocoon created by his body. The air within was humid, probably because of his own breathing. Certainly not because of the moisture clinging to his lashes.
The last remaining item laid out by Sherlock was a jar with old fashioned pomade. John sighed. Right, Sherlock had nagged him more than once about his outgrowing hair, but honestly… who cared? Now with the ongoing pandemic, sitting indoors all day every day with only your partner and your housekeeper… well, your not-housekeeper… to witness; why would he go through the ordeal of an appointment at the hairdresser? And after the disaster some weeks ago he sure as hell wouldn’t let Sherlock get anywhere near his hair. Not for styling that is… So he snatched the jar, trudged down the stairs and sneaked into the bathroom to slick back his hair.
His feet wouldn’t move. They seemed to be stuck to the ground, sticking in this moment. His back was tensing, his shoulders swaying, his arms moving in waves up and down as if praying to some higher powers he didn’t even believe in.
“Seen a lot of injuries, then; violent deaths.” dropping his voice and his gaze he looked at John from under his lashes as if trying to seduce John in this bizarre way exactly fitting this insanely attractive man..
He shivered out of horror at the thought alone and his fantasies came to a screeching halt the moment he laid eyes on the last for him unexpected new item; because
“The vibe?” Greg said flatly, his gaze not shifting, same puzzlement. “You get a… vibe… from Sherlock?”
His attention was snapped back and focused again by a hustle on stage. Sherlock had made a move to get away from fan-man, probably trying to make use of the abated focus on him. Regrettably, the Spider immediately yelled, "Moran!!". Apparently that was what fanboy was called, as he launched forward and yanked Sherlock back by his shoulder, grabbing him by his curls and tugging hard. Despite being trapped like this Sherlock kept struggling and resisting, which ended in the very undesirable situation of the previously pointed-at-Sherlock-gun now transferred to be a pressed-against-Sherlock’s-head-gun.
"How am I supposed to gather evidence from the victims that way?" Sherlock got more and more agitated.
"Yeah. Gavin? Graham? Lestrade? Remember that guy?" John teased him and raised his eyebrows. But Sherlock wasn't in the mood for it. He honestly didn't know nor understand; why would John make fun of him.
It had only been a taxi ride, at least in the regular perception, but it seemed to have been a shift in time and space for the two of them.
"John, you're not your father!" Sherlock held John's gaze, the look in his eyes earnest and sincere, desperation edging in. "You're
John put the picture aside and rummaged aimlessly through the rest. His hand rustled through more photographs, papers, newspaper snippets.
With horror John's thoughts drifted to the film adaptation of said fairytale. They had once watched it together. Sherlock had chosen it. And for the change, that time, it had been John not really paying attention to what was happening on screen. He had wondered why Sherlock had been that enthralled by that particular movie as he generally disliked most movies. Especially as it was a romance. Back then he had justified it by the era it was filmed in - some kind of very special artful cinematic John had no understanding of or some such crap.
John chuckled, never dislodging from Sherlock's lips. He nudged Sherlock's hands away and took over the job while Sherlock switched between clutching his elbows and hooking a thumb into John's waistband to check his progress—without much success. Why for fuck's sake had he chosen the snugly fitting ones this morning? He should have listened to Greg! Well, nothing new there…
All death threats can be send to Sherlock Holmes, wherever the fuck he is now, no idea if it is still in London  - or you can try to send an email to info@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk. Good luck!!
He had told Sherlock that he loved him; that he'd give everything, do everything to make a relationship between them work; that he knew and accepted Sherlock's flaws, that he wasn't himself without Sherlock; that Sherlock couldn't do anything to ruin it; that John would stay at his side no matter what crossed their path.
He startled awake, jolted, sat up. Breathless, sweaty, heart pounding. Taking in and realising where he was, he squeezed his eyes shut and let himself fall back into his pillows.
"John, I really don't know why you, always proudly proclaiming to be a doctor, would be uncomfortable handling my genitals, most of all considering all the other things you don't seem to mind doing to and with my body. You do realise that you just a moment ago immensely enjoyed letting your
“He’s…” he swallowed against the raising feeling of being sucked into a maelstrom, “... he’s coming over here, Molly.” he said under his breath. Molly’s face lit up with relief and euphory.
“No, we’re not,” he croaked and cleared his voice. “You are aware that there’s only one option left, right?” John asked, his gravelly voice making it sound as if they were to commit a murder.
Maybe that was it… John needed to save someone to save himself? Would he call Sherlock for advice for that? Or was he looking for a case where he could satisfy this need? Who would be a reasonable person for John to save though? He was really at a loss as to how he would get to know that without asking John. Maybe he could ask… Mike? Or… would Mrs Hudson know? Although, that had to wait till morning. He could hardly storm into Mrs Hudson’s bedroom. That much even Sherlock did know…
Somehow, John knew that was his signal. He was almost close enough to just tackle the man, but all the fricking furniture was working against him.
he didn't mind one bit. On the contrary, the humming anticipation simmering underneath his skin made it more than welcome.
Unrestrained want uncoiled in John's lower abdomen, raising up to tighten his chest, making it uneasy to breath and fog his mind when the intoxicating beauty on the stage started to raise her pelvic only to slide down again in a rocking motion. Slowly making her way back up again until she was standing once more, pressed against the pole. It purses between her breasts, emphasising the soft curves even more and made John's mouth water.
hm, not very telling. Were there also #1 and #2? And if so, what were they about if this song was that important? Still wondering,
"Good, then... Do you have lube on hand? To avoid chafing of your genitals, which would be quite uncomfortable — unless you're into that sort of thing." The rumbling voice offered.
“Perfect. Now hold it in a tight grip and move your hand up and down, the amount of strokes depending on the state your...cock...is in at the moment.”
Unfortunately, it didn't take long until the chill crept back in and raised goosebumps on his damp skin. With it, a different kind of chill settled underneath his skin and the unease of earlier that night was back with full force. Now, with the balancing counterpart of pleasurable sensations gone, all that was left was the sickness, the anxiety and worries, the exhaustion.
John now proceeded with trimming Sherlock’s pubes while holding his penis in a tight grip the whole time. He pretended to guide it out of the way to have access to all areas of skin around the base, but with each movement he stroked it deliberately slowly. Judging by Sherlock’s ragged breaths he wouldn’t be able to stand the teasing much longer.
The skies above London turned from blue to yellow, lined with crimson velvet. It faded from violet to purple to indigo until the first pinhead sized stars appeared.
John stomped into the living room, still dripping wet from the shower, only clad in a towel around his hips.
Mycroft led him to his study, directed Sherlock to one of the plush chairs in front of the windows and planted a tumblr of something in Sherlock's hand. Sherlock had no idea what it was. Because he didn't care. That was the plan. It burned down his throat. That's all he needed to know. Unfortunately, it didn't reach his heart.
He watched them, their hands. So different and yet so matching. Sitting across from each other caused a weird angle for first time hand-holding, but it also made him much more aware of it. Each little detail he registered very consciously. Sherlock’s long slender fingers wrapped his hand almost completely, his thumb tangled between John’s fingers. One slim finger lying flatly along his pulse point on his wrist. What else. John smiled. His own hand looked so much smaller in Sherlock’s big one and yet it was clearly John who was the one holding, steadying. He could live with that. His fingers reached Sherlock’s wrist just so and he ran his fingertips along the crease parting hand from wrist. How soft Sherlock’s skin was here despite all his reckless and dangerous behaviour during cases, despite what he must have endured when he had been away. John marvelled at the mere opportunity to be able to observe this, to be allowed to do this. He did it again. And again. Running his fingers back and forth along that slim line, across that smooth skin. He saw goose bumps rising on Sherlock’s forearms and looked up.
The borders between mind-palace and reality being erased a long while ago, he couldn't differentiate anymore. Was this the song?  Was this John? If John was of the opinion that this was HIS sacrifice, Sherlock would not make him suffer any longer! If it was such a burden for John to live with Sherlock, there’d certainly be a way to bring an end to his misery. Sherlock would make sure that John would get rid of him.
of who you are, you massive idiot genius detective! I don't care what others say. I'm finally free, made my very own choice. And it's the best fucking thing I've ever done!" He smiled and it was genuine happiness sparkling in his eyes.
He raised his hand and slid it along John’s neck to his nape and held it there gently, looking at John expectantly.
in the middle of winter? One would have to be completely bonkers. Scott-level bonkers probably, giving a shit about what people think. Although, he came across kinda shy despite his over-confident talk. So, would that be something he'd do? Exposing himself to the public, bowing and stretching his slender body for everyone to witness, showing off strong arms and muscled thighs, the thin fabric of his pants barely covering…
about who you really are. And that’s what matters.” The look he gave John was all the confirmation John needed to know the depth of the man’s feelings for him. Little hyperactive butterflies took over the space where his gut should have been. “I always told you your look doesn’t suit you.” Sherlock added snootily, turned again and just like that his butterflies turned into a swarm of bees; they were nice enough, but some of them stung.
"God, no! Heaven forbid!" Scott exclaimed horrified. "Normally, I’m here every Tuesday, Friday and Sunday."
"Mainly the part where you earn money with it. You've done it before last night, haven't you? You looked much too comfortable with it for it to only be part of your act. No matter how good an actor you are…" John inhaled deeply. "I don't like the thought of you selling this glorious fantastic perfect body for money."
“You just enjoy this now for a moment. And afterwards, I'll leave you to your letter.” He said quietly. Earnestly. “I’ll be right down there if you need me, yeah?”
“Yeah, maybe,” John said, forcefully. “But that’s not going to happen, okay?” He made it sound as if one could just decide it, just chose to make it easy. “That’s what we both need to learn. What we have to stop doing: running away. We’ll talk it out. We can do that yeah?”
“Christ, Sherlock…" John swallowed. Hands still covered in foam, the dishes were abandoned and he turned in Sherlock's arms to be face to face with his partner. "No, I wouldn’t want to mix up our bedroom shenanigans with my work. Would never again be able to work without a boner that way.” He laughed, slinging his arms around Sherlock's shoulders—soap and all; who cared anyway.
John had expected to maybe discover a new one of Sherlock’s boltholes. Or maybe that Sherlock would retreat to the morgue to torture some poor corpse in frustration. For a shocking moment he had even feared to witness Sherlock buying drugs from some sort of old-buddy-dealer.
He sighed deeply and buried his face back into the duvet. Wishing the day to pass and his mind to shut the fuck up, John let the music of his playlist just randomly wash over him. Trying not to feel anything, trying not to feel anything, trying not to think about anything.
He shouldn’t have worried as one of the unusual tunes characteristic for Miss Pirate’s shows announced her in time. The babbling guy zoomed out of John’s focus; he only marginally registered him asking, “That’s her, right?”, before he briskly nodded to confirm and waved him away like a blowfly.
He flipped the lid of his laptop open, closing the tab of his empty blog, debating with himself for a fleeting moment, but in the end he entered “phone sex London” into the search bar.
"You don't know, do you?" honest surprise? He sounded truly baffled. "You really don't know… Mycroft didn't…?" a little huff. A relieved huff? Why would he be relieved? "Sherlock… there've been no drugs."
“That's my man.” Scott said content, warm and smooth, and John wondered how a voice could feel like velvet on his skin. ‘My man’... yes, please...
He had to demolish his whole mind palace to get rid of the last shred of John-ness. John was everywhere. He had infiltrated every hidden corner in his mind, every last yet undiscovered gap. To make this happen Sherlock would have to build himself up from the ground. No way to go back to who he had been. He had to become new man. An unimaginable different one. One without John.
“No,” John decided it was time to free Scott from his misery. “Or actually, yes — there was dinner…” A low grunt from the other end. “…at a snack bar though.” John made a meaningful pause, but nothing was coming forth from his interrogator, only tense silence. So, apparently that wasn’t enough to clear things up for Scott. “With an old mate from my uni days. He heard I was looking for a job as well as for a flat and then one led to the other and we talked about his work these days. Because he had to drop by there and pick something up anyway, he took me along because it’s also where we did our training together for med school. Have to say though it’s a bit different from my days, the labs at Barts.”
Only now, sitting in their respective chairs, enjoying the cosiness of a domestic evening in each other’s company; John reading and Sherlock typing away on his laptop while sipping a G&T each; he realised it had started after the habitual morning with tea and toast and… newspaper.
“Why?” John asked, puzzled. This wasn’t like Sherlock—Mr Punchline. “You’ve been so furious about it like I’ve never seen you before. Not with me, at least,” he added a bit sheepishly. “Surely you want to still get it out? It wasn’t proper talking we did there just yet, right?” he nudged Sherlock playfully, indicating he was okay with it; that he’d face whatever Sherlock had to say.
John tried to get around the inevitable confrontation, but his bladder, his stomach and his dead phone told him otherwise.
"Not your fault. Although… he's worse when you're not around." It did sound a tiny bit accusing though.
“I intended to set up an experiment to compare the different brands and types on their texture, the durability, the comfort of application and removal—even for untalented people…” Sherlock smirked and John nudged him with his shoulder which turned out to be a full-body bump against Sherlock, who didn’t draw back but rather welcomed John’s form flush against his own and quickly trapped him in his arms.
"Faster John." John wasn't sure if it was meant to be an instruction or a plea, although at this point it was probably one and the same. "Are you moving?" Scott asked, gasping, almost in despair. "Tell me you're moving, please..." As if his life depended on it.
When he arrived, he made sure not to be seen and climbed through a small prepared hole in the fences. He had made sure it would be in a place out of view from public and any workmen, not that there were much anyway. There wasn’t a lot of activity yet, the negotiations had already gone on for years, but he knew it wouldn’t last much longer. No later than by the end of the year he had to vanish from here, had to look for an alternative location. They already started to strip the chimneys, but Sherlock knew exactly how to time his visits here to not be discovered. This would change, of course. More and more investors, property developers, politicians seem to get interested. However, even if they were to make up their mind unexpectedly fast, he could be gone within minutes. That said, it would be difficult to find another place this suitable to his needs within a reasonable distance to Baker Street. For now though, this was perfect!
"Yeah?" His voice squeaked pathetically. He cleared his throat, forced his voice into steadiness. "Yes. It's me. Hi." Hi?
a command. John needed to know. He had waited for ages for a mental picture of this man. He wanted it. Now!
He saw Sherlock swallow hard and avert his eyes. He fiddled with the keypad of his laptop, but John knew he was just hiding feelings which threatened to spill over and run down his cheeks. Sliding his arms around the shoulders of his beloved John held Sherlock in a tight embrace, chest to back, pressing his nose to the chaotic mess of ebony curls.
Sherlock thought with a sinking feeling, body heavy as lead, crouching on the floor, not able to get up.
Only when he had made some progress down the list he could release the breath he was holding and take a look at the remaining songs. Finding the one he searched for, he pressed play, closed his eyes and concentrated on the lyrics. The longer he listened the bigger the lump grew in his throat.
In the end, he decided to listen to the song after all. He looked it up, started it and read once again.
After a moment, John felt a slight squeeze, then a shake and he expected Sherlock to let go. But he didn’t. They were still staring at each other, the tension palpable, the air crackling between them. John felt the urge to just tug on that hand, pull the man over and down and press his lips firmly on Sherlock’s. Tell him everything he felt but couldn’t say with a kiss he was longing for with an intensity that stole his breath. Sherlock swayed on his feet. Eyes pleading. John just didn’t know what for.
Restlessly shifting on the back seat of the cab, he kept fiddling with his phone. Alternating between calling Mrs Hudson and Sherlock, but neither of them picked up. John feared the worst—the love of his life lost, wonderful Mrs Hudson on the brink of death? Bloody hell, how had it all gone so wrong?
By borrowing her boys for my purposes I wanted to pay tribute to this beautiful story. However, it should be mentioned that none of John's experiences in the aftermath of his youthful encounter as told in this fic has anything to do with alexaprilgarden's original work! I just bended it to my needs.
way obviously—but he had to be quick to catch her by surprise. Wait... chatting? They were... Chatting? Sherlock? John frowned. Oh well, but then this wasn't Sherlock but Miss Pirate. He still hadn't gotten used to her on an everyday-day-life basis. He wondered if he ever would and if he even wanted to. She was special in every way and to him she always would be.
Suddenly it was all so clear. He had tried so hard and in the end it was this one simple thing which was utterly obvious to John, that Sherlock still doubted, that he craved to hear. How could John have been so blind all the time. Only recently even, he had detected the actual main problem but he hadn't drawn the connection. Too obvious. He had seen, but not observed.
“Not that bad, is it?” He said happily through the buzz of the water, just hard enough for Sherlock to hear. A low confirming and content hum put a smile on his face. “Rinse,” he ordered softly, pulling Sherlock closer, under the stream of water.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but there was no real anger in it. He heard some rustling through the speaker and wondered once again where John might be right now. He imagined John calling from the upstairs room and smirked at John being his ridiculous self when it hit him that that would never happen. Never again.
"Yes , I’ve been told..." he sounded a bit distant now. Probably, he was used to that sort of acknowledgement.
” The Spider said, fire and ice battling in his voice. He moved away from his seat in direction of the stage, which was also in John’s direction and into the open space.
“He was tall, with dark wavy hair. A fucking show-off. And his bloody trousers… far too tight to be legal,” John splayed his hands over Sherlock’s arse to make his point. “Maybe I have a type after all…”
John shook his head violently, tearing out some hair, scraping the back of his head on the plaster. No, there was absolutely no benefit from dwelling on things that were never meant to be. He had to deal with it. He had to try. But he vowed to himself and every deity or higher power that might or might not exist, that if he ever got a chance again, he would let Sherlock know. No matter if Sherlock reciprocated his feelings or not, he would have to make use of such a gift and not waste another opportunity again.
With trembling fingers Sherlock scrolled back down to the end of the flood of messages. His thumb hovered for the fraction of a second, but he threw his hesitation to the winds. He would give in anyway.
He shook his head to get rid of unwanted thoughts. The newly gained determination forced him forward.
“Sherlock,” John growled. Sherlock clicked his mouth shut, pressed his lips tightly together and swallowed. John nodded, apparently satisfied. “And you said you’re not good with words, yeah? Although I
When he was finally back in his body, when he finally was aware of his surroundings again, he felt a tear tickle down his cheek.
His heart rate sped up, only this time not because of the dizzying hotness of that memory, but because he felt honoured, he felt proud of being the one Sherlock had chosen to actively show himself to, to open his eyes.
They stumbled into the bathroom, nearly tripping over in the attempt not to break their kiss at all costs. Still humming the pleasantly familiar tune, John only just caught them, engulfing Sherlock in his arms while trying not to slip on the bath mat. The door clicked shut behind Sherlock's back when John leaned them against it to regain balance.
"I once knew a guy," John said, voice a bit lighter, almost a bit playful. "A great guy, by the way. Yeah, a… a really good man… And he used to say he hated not knowing. And now I understand at least that." he chuckled, got serious again. "I hate not knowing."
“And why is this troubling you so much?” Sherlock’s hands rested on John’s shoulders now, his eyes studying him earnestly but fondly.
"I'm afraid my people will need another week, maybe more. Even if you don't want to be informed, the briefing about the mission shortly before your leave is obligatory."
With a much more gentle voice he added, “And second…,” he trailed off and John thought that he'd even sense a hint of guilt in the tension that his friend suddenly radiated. Greg sighed.
“We?” John asked with a curious tingling in his belly, stepping inside his flat. How was this the only thing standing out to John? Limp? Undeniable. Psychosomatic? Probably. But… We?
Never having been able to deny John's efforts of coaxing him into eating, Sherlock made his way to the kitchen counter. He pushed down the handle of the toaster and set the kettle.
“Hello, sweetheart,” purred a sultry voice through the speaker, tearing John from his thoughts, “how very lovely you called ‘Our Nasty Bisexual Phone Sex Girls’. I’m delighted to… have you…” the operator continued with a porn-worthy voice, thick and sweet as molasses; the innuendo was not lost on John. He was already about to hang up again, berating himself for his stupidity to even consider calling —
Without giving her audience a single moment to recover, she let her herself fall forwards, lying face down on the stage. One could have mistaken it for a break to get her breath back, if not for the ripples running through the slender body, which turned into rolling waves almost immediately until Miss Pirate pushed her upper body up, her face a picture of pure pleasure.
“Apologies. Not funny.” The deep rumbling of Scott’s chuckles didn’t stop though. After a while he cleared his throat and went on a bit more composed. “Still doesn’t explain why you did your groceries down in the city when you obviously don't live there.”
“Sherlock. Stop...” He tried to free himself from Sherlock’s vice-like hold. “This.. was not… the agreement.” He was aware of how weak his protest sounded.
, he thought. He changed into his bespoke trousers, barely watching out for his skinned legs, wondering if the trousers could be cleaned. He would have to arrange that.
Without making the conscious decision John set the kettle and busied his hands with making tea. The internalised ritual gave his mind the opportunity to sort through the plethora of impressions and information he had received the last couple of hours.
was shattered. On the one hand it was freeing. He felt alive. But on the other hand it also meant he had to face and deal with all his fears, his anxieties, his worries. He felt stripped down to the core, he felt laid bare. He was terrified.
