John wasn't fazed.  "Come off it.  You're laying here giving me a lyrical account of your childhood Christmases and telling me not to romanticise?"  John paused but when Sherlock didn't reply, he continued.
"I love you."  It wasn’t something that was said to people in real life.  It was murmured by the heroine in movies, by drunken imbeciles in late night pub crawls, by mothers who were looking into their dying children's faces.  It was certainly never said to Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock unzips John's flies and moves his partner's hands to wrap around his neck for support, pulling John up so he can pull his trousers and pants down past his knees before setting him back on the toilet lid again.  He then pulls the fabric off the rest of the way, taking care not to disturb John's ankle.
“Sherlock,” John begins, then falters.  A beat of silence passes and he forges onward.  “I—I know the timing is shit, but I’ve.  I’ve got to say something about…”
Sherlock scowls but privately agrees with John.  His headaches and balance may be improving, but an instinct he never knew he possessed curbs his every movement, wary of harming his precious brain.  Now isn’t the time to be risking bodily harm.
The shrill ring of his mobile startled Sherlock, and he tore his gaze away from John, realizing that he had been staring – and John had been staring back. Setting his jaw, Sherlock took out his mobile.  The generic icon of an anonymous caller lit the screen.
– he had fallen asleep sitting on the sofa, Rosie nestled close.  Her absence is a pocket of cold air at his side.
An image rose to his mind’s eye; it had haunted him for the past month, stealing into his dreams like a vengeful specter.  A pale, angular face flushed with anger, with – no.  Green-grey eyes shining under lowering lids.  The jolt of shock an instant before the blow.
“Fucking hell,” John groaned, and thrust again, again, rough and uncoordinated.  Sherlock was lost in his own pleasure, hand blurring over his prick – and then he stiffened, spurting over his fingers with a sob.  The spasms of his body tightening around John’s cock drove John immediately to his peak and he pushed as deep as he could go and stilled, pulsing into that tight heat, cursing under his breath.
“Well.  Needs must, you know.”  Then, a shade more sternly, “Sherlock.  You must be on your guard.  With this hitman on the loose, and the good doctor’s wife—”
“She doesn’t know enough to be traumatized,” says Sherlock.  Lifting the pillow, he considers his cock – mostly gone soft, but still… “Come back to bed.”
He adds a dollop of shower gel to the loofah, works up a lather.  When he holds out a hand without a sound, John acquiesces, offering his wet wrist.  An intent look comes into his eyes as Sherlock scrubs him up to the shoulder.
“Right,” John said.  Sherlock glanced at Alexander as they left the back room.   He and Rosie shrank into the distance as they walked before shelves edged into view, cutting off pieces of Alexander with the distorted silhouettes of baubles – here a mask, there an inkpot.  The shapes drew around Rosie like a jigsaw puzzle – and then she was gone, swallowed by the shop as Sherlock closed the front door behind them.
Sherlock relayed the question to Alexander, who heaved a sigh.  “There’s… there’s been an incident.  I’ve handled it,” he hastened to add as panic filled Sherlock’s throat, gumming his words together, “but you two need to get back here now.  Your friend, the DI?  He’s on his way, and I don’t think I can talk my way out of this.”
Sherlock mock-glowers at him.  “I’m in earnest, John.  If Gerald gets the notion that he can do his job as well as I do it for him—well.”
Sherlock swings his legs off the sofa and wobbles to his feet, face scarlet. It never fails to amaze John, these little glimpses beyond the cold, hard exterior.  Sherlock won’t so much as blink at a mutilated corpse, but the accusation of something so base – so
Sherlock’s stomach flutters, though he can’t be certain if that is due to disgust or excitement or both.  Gritting his teeth, he closes the laptop and tosses it onto the sofa cushions.  He stands and staggers to his bedroom in search of his violin – he needs the distraction.
Charles Porter – the candy cane stabbing victim – smiles back at Sherlock.  He looks a different man with both eyes intact.
Sherlock nods, more to reassure him than out of any true certainty.  John’s mouth pulls down at the corners, but he only says, “Can I kiss you?”
A pause.  When John speaks, his voice is neutral, his words chosen with care.  “Well.  You’re different, I suppose.”
The moment the circus performers danced into the ring, Sherlock knew they were Fae.  He craned his neck to see over John’s head. Aside from Su Lin, he had never seen Chinese fairies before; his experience was concentrated in the United Kingdom and Western Europe, with one memorable experience in Florida thrown in.
Sherlock opens his eyes.  John is kneeling beside the bed, twirling a leaf between thumb and forefinger.  Not just any leaf, Sherlock notes – a
“You loved her anyway,” said Sherlock.  His tone caught John by surprise.  It was sympathy and wistfulness wound together like the threads of a rope.
dark duets with a desperate rhythm, a music of gasps and cries, a choreography all their own.  He musters his control and wrestles down his rebellious imagination.
“A fairly elementary analysis of the handwriting on this photograph will show it matches Catherine’s.  Can your lot manage to scrounge up a sample of her handwriting for comparison, or must I gift-wrap that for you, too?”
Slowly and carefully, Sherlock undresses and lowers himself into the bath.  The water is heavenly, chasing away the shivers as it enfolds him in a warm embrace.  Resting his hands on either side of the tub, he leans back and props his head against the porcelain edge.  He’s almost too exhausted to
Sherlock, huddled in a nest of blankets, watches John pace his room like a restless tiger.  The medication muddles his mind.  “You’re making my head spin.”
To their credit, Anderson and Donovan only hesitated for an instant before springing into action.  Donovan signaled for two officers to collect Wiggins, who glared daggers at Sherlock while he was restrained and searched.  Meanwhile, Anderson lead Sherlock and John to a patrol car.  As they sped along the A302, Sherlock dialed Alexander’s mobile and tried to calm his breathing as the phone rang, rang,
“Sherlock,” says John, gentle but firm, “Let’s go.  You need to be monitored to make sure you haven’t suffered any brain damage.”  He lowers his voice.  “Let Lestrade sort out this mess.  Tomorrow, we’ll focus on the killer.”
Sherlock is stalking down the street, searching for a cab, when he comes across a familiar shopfront.  Gaudily inscribed with neon-light lettering, the shop stands like a tranquil island amidst the raging sea of people.  Memory niggles at him; he’s been here before.
A smile twitches at the corners of John’s mouth and he shakes his head.  It banishes the exhaustion and shadows, that smile.  “Right.”
another time, ten other times, a hundred other times.  A sudden surge of affection blooms in his chest, buoying him to even greater heights.
“Don’t be a prat,” Greg says.  “Look, I’m happy for you two, but unless you want Donovan and Anderson to—”
Female voice. Wait, a woman was sitting across from him. Oh yes. Client. Sherlock tried really hard to focus. Must focus. Must solve case. Must impress John.
"How do you feel about waxing?" Sherlock asked, completely apropos of nothing, one crisp morning in late Autumn.
Sherlock bit his lip and searched the walls of his flat for answers, something tangible to tell him what to do, how to feel, how to begin to grasp the thoughts that flowed from the tap of his mind. He didn't feel the urge to cry but somehow his eyes were beginning to water.
"Sherlock, this is lovely but... perhaps is there another waltz we could dance to?" Sherlock didn't turn around. "It's just... this song is really special, you know? I'd like to save it for tomorrow. If that's alright."
"I... I never thought about it before," John lied.  "I guess.  I mean."  His eyes kept shifting, making Sherlock uncomfortable.  He leaned over the arm of his chair.  "Have you?  Are you... Are you planning on..."
"Oh Sherlock.. I have to.." he panted, beginning to thrust in earnest.  "I have to fuck you, I'm going to come soon..."
John chuckled.  "Nothing but an overgrown child."  He removed Sherlock's coat and unbuttoned the untucked dress shirt he was wearing.  The body underneath was frightfully thin.  It always tugged at John's heartstrings to see how little Sherlock regarded his own basic well-being.  "Looks like we're going to be eating a lot for Christmas."
Sherlock's mind was climbing up the walls of his head, searching for a way to articulate his reproach.
Besides, Sherlock was, to John's utter delight, quite deliciously fragrant, and John knew from experience that a large chunk of one's body odor was shaved off and washed down the drain along with the hair.  Honestly he wasn't sure if he wanted to give that up just for some short-lived smoothness.
Sherlock spent the next hour and a half aimlessly scrolling through results, his eyes taking it in but his brain seemingly coated in Teflon. He pored over advice columns, religious self-help websites, and poorly-spelled sob stories on yahoo answer forums before he happened upon a Q & A of quotes about love, unrequited and otherwise.
John smiled to himself.  The tree looked good.  Sherlock's hair felt good.  The whiskey left a good effect.  Everything was good.  "You're welcome.  You know," he said, genuinely interested, "I'm a bit surprised you like Christmas so much.  I mean, I'm glad you do, but I wouldn't expect someone like you to find as much joy in it as you seem to."
"Absolutely not.  It's Christmas.  I'm not spending it cooped up in my room."  Sherlock's face screwed up with derision, as though staying in bed to recuperate was the most absurd idea he'd ever heard.
weak.  In his failure to calculate all possible outcomes he failed protect John, and no matter how hard he tries, it will probably happen again.  And the next time, there may not be a body for him to bathe afterwards.  Sherlock is cowardly.  This is why he can barely speak: he's too busy
And finally, Sherlock played the part where he came back, and John had moved on. Even though it seared him, ate him alive from the inside out, Sherlock loved him enough to play it. Sherlock was selfless enough to play it.
But on the other hand, it was easier to keep an eye on him whilst he was at home.  Mycroft was good at pulling strings but there was only so much the hospital staff allowed John to supervise.  Sherlock hadn't been to a regular doctor in years and there was no paperwork to prove that he was actually John's patient, and the title "best friend" meant nothing to hospital staff.  That left John with little more to do than keep his moaning partner company and plead with the staff for more painkillers.  That had been a nightmare in itself; John wasn't sure if it was truly because of Sherlock's addict past or if it was another childish swipe at a brother, but Mycroft had been very thorough at making absolutely sure that Sherlock had access to barely enough morphine and not a drop more.
It's not that funny, but Sherlock titters like a schoolgirl, high-pitched and manic.  It's disturbing.  John watches with growing alarm as he keeps
There above Sherlock's erection was an approximately one by two inch rectangle of dark coppery hair, neatly clipped, staring back at him as though daring him to comment.  The rest of Sherlock's groin was smooth and white.  Even the wrinkled plum of his scrotum, usually sporting several very fine baby hairs, was shorn clean.
Her hair, unkempt. Her right shoe worn down more than her left, walking with an uneven gait. Quite plain-looking. Owns two catigans. Cardigans. Cats. Nervous, recently began drinking decaf coffee.
His voice snaps Sherlock out of it, seemingly, as he sets to lathering a sponge, keeping busy as if to push away unpleasant memories.  John knew he wouldn't want to talk about it, but they’re going to have to, eventually.  Sherlock fancied himself above emotions, but it simply wasn't true, and he couldn't keep suppressing them like this.  He
"That's a normal feeling to have this time of year I suppose.  Did you have a lot of happy Christmases as a child?"
to learn productive ways to deal with it.  John put up with Sherlock's lack of emotional finesse, but that didn't mean it was healthy.
"Of course." Sherlock turned around to face his doctor. Ears ringing, heart thumping wildly in his chest, he put a hand out. When John took it, his small, rough hand in Sherlock's large, soft one, a tingle radiated all up and down his arm. Once, on a case, he had gotten a zap from a mildly electrified fence; this felt similar, except far more pleasant.
"Can you sleep in your dressing gown?" John asked once he had sat Sherlock down on the side of the bed.  "Might be easier to check your bandages that way."
And that was the other side of it: Sherlock could now enjoy John's cock, and John could now last longer than thirty seconds.  John had had a few sessions of anonymous anal sex before meeting Sherlock, but by and large his penetrative sexual encounters involved women, whose orifices were lovely, to be sure, but not anywhere near as tight as Sherlock's pert arse.  At first he didn't mind coming so early, as Sherlock wasn't able to tolerate much action for long anyway.  But eventually as time went on and Sherlock began to really enjoy being fucked, John knew he would have to increase his stamina if he didn't want to feel an inadequate lover.  It was still touch-and-go, but he was getting there.
"You can't get out of bed."  John raised his voice as he walked towards the bedroom so Sherlock was sure to hear.  "Woo, it is chilly in here," he acquiesced upon entering.
John's heart aches at the sight.  Instinctively, he reaches up and brushes his thumb across Sherlock's cheek.  It suddenly occurs to him that, no matter how vulnerable and helpless John might be at the moment, naked and injured and splayed out in a steamy bath, Sherlock is feeling just as vulnerable, if not more; his usually vice-like grip on himself is weakened, his emotions smeared all over his face like garish make-up.
. What did their kisses feel like? Sherlock had seen them, but hadn't felt them. Although he was a daring man, he hadn't been able to work up the nerve to dupe John into kissing him for a case (it would've felt cheap, anyway). Once, when John was still living at Baker Street, several years ago now, John had come in from a pub crawl and had passed out drunk on the sofa. Sherlock hadn't gone with him (he wasn't much of a drinker and besides, there were
the most unsociable...?" the jealous beast inside of him blabbed before he could stop it. "Ah. That's why he's bouncing around him like a puppy." Truly, Sherlock found the whole thing disgraceful. Didn't John have any idea how he looked, trailing behind taller men with his big blue eyes? He had half a mind to march right up there and tell him as much.
"John," Sherlock says again, closing his eyes and furrowing his brows deeply, as if he is saying something painful.  "I wish to bathe you this evening."
"There's plenty of time, it's only ten!  Mrs Hudson keeps the artificial tree in the attic, go fetch it."
It was, wasn’t it? It was so lovely. John sitting in all the chairs. At the time when he sat in all the chairs. Sherlock's eyes were drifting shut.
Sherlock peers at him for another moment and then gets up to draw the bath.  His footsteps are weighty, ominous, full of purpose.  John smiles fondly at how melodramatic the git can be.  He hears muffled noises of a bath being drawn coming through the walls, the pull on the shower curtain, the squeak of the faucets, the rush of water as it fills the ancient bathtub.  He leans back into the sofa, relaxing a bit.  A hot bath did sound lovely.
He laid in the crack house, a pile of dirty rags with dark, curly, greasy hair, on top of a putrid mattress, brain addled and lost in a fugue of glorious sensation. He slid his hands around on top of the blankets, fingers grasping, hands twitching, letting neurons fire and signals fight their way up to his drug-infused brain. If he squeezed his eyes tight enough, he could get them to reflexively water; it was a sad pantomime of tears, but at least it made him feel like he was trying.
, John."  He says it very lowly, looking very grimly serious.  John hesitates for a moment.  What is he after, he wonders.  Not sex, if Sherlock wouldn't be getting into the tub.  That at least is good.  John couldn't handle sex right now.  But why did Sherlock want to bathe John?  Perhaps to see for himself that he was okay?
It took John exactly fifty-eight minutes to assemble the small tree.  It would've taken him a lot less time if the directions weren't written in Finnish.  Sherlock was fluent in French and German (and had a decent handle on many more languages) but Finnish left him with a stare as blank as his doctor's.
Sherlock moaned softly and reached down to pull a bit at his own cock.  John felt Sherlock's arsehole contract around his tongue as he neared orgasm.  John put two lips to the flesh and sucked, causing the hole to contract more.
Sherlock snorted.  "Nonsense.  Did you know that a naked body retains more heat under an insulating layer such as a duvet than does a clothed one?  I've done my part," he argued, motioning toward himself.  "Now you do yours.  Go build a fire, I'm coming out for a sit."
"Fairy lights, we forgot fairy lights!" he moaned, and wouldn't shut up until John trudged back up the steps to the attic to search for some.  He found one package of multi-coloured lights and was surprised upon opening it to find white lights inside instead.
John didn't really think much more of it until later that week.  The two of them were laying on their bed in Sherlock's room, making out quite merrily.  Sherlock was luxuriating under the heft of John's weight, soaking up every touch like a spoiled young prince.  Sherlock's throat vibrated under John's lips as he sighed into the touch.  John worked his way back up to Sherlock's lovely mouth, kissing the other man deeply, completely, lingering as long as he dared.  Sherlock's dress shirt was unbuttoned and John nibbled at sweet little chest hairs, sparse as they were.  Sherlock fairly giggled as John worked his way down the taller man's body, dipping his tongue into the pucker of bellybutton before tonguing the heavy length of him through his trousers.
Sherlock doesn’t hate children, actually.  He finds their perceptiveness and candor refreshing in the face of adults’ tendencies to lie, to omit, to smooth over anything that might be considered
Time drifts past.  Rosie darts to the tree, selects a present to be opened, and shrieks and screeches with endless delight as each one is revealed.  The stuffed reindeer is placed beside the castle, immense beside the little dolls that inhabit it.  The walkie-talkies are crowed over, then crowed
“Anyway,” said Lestrade, unruffled, “we’ll move all the evidence to the lab. Donovan, you’ll follow up with the neighbors.  See if they noticed anything amiss.  Edwards, you’re with me.  We have to get the body parts to the lab so Molly can take a closer look.”
John’s eyelids flutter as Sherlock settles between his spread legs, arching his spine to mold every possible point of bare skin to bare skin.  His arms wind around Sherlock and his hands clutch at his arse to bring their cocks into alignment.  They settle into a clumsy rhythm, their twinned moans accompanied by the splash of bathwater.
John claps one hand to his brow and sighs, seeming to wilt.  “Fucking hell, Sherlock.  If you could try not to kill yourself, I’d—I would really appreciate it.”
John ushers Sherlock inside, mindful of his shaking shoulders.  He follows him, every muscle frayed, every nerve ending dead.  He is detached from the unwieldy weight of his own body.  He wants to cut himself free and fly into nothingness like a kite with a severed string.
John’s movements were swift and sure.  Before Sherlock had fully processed Moriarty’s command, he felt a knee dig into his back, forcing him onto his stomach.  John’s hand slipped from his collar down to his wrist and pinned it to the tiled floor.  The blade came down.
“Potentially a lot,” sighed Lestrade.  “He was representing an advocacy group for the Fair Folk. Pushing for less strict measures on the visas, et cetera.  Rubbed a lot of people the wrong way.”
“I see,” said Sherlock a third time.  He hated repeating himself, but he sensed he was meant to agree and not actually contribute.
“You came back to London shortly after you were discharged.  How could you…”  Sherlock trailed off, blinking as understanding dawned.  “Time dilation.”
is lines grooving his eyes, softening his mouth – the sense of languid contentment when a case is solved and the villains have been vanquished.
Elise gestures, and another woman steps out of the crowd.  She has long, brunette hair and a nervous smile that reminds Sherlock of Molly in the first few years of their acquaintance.
They climb to the landing and John opens the door to 221B, ushering Sherlock inside and across the sitting room.  His hands are steady as he helps Sherlock sit, holding him by the elbows as he gets comfortable.  Wordlessly, John leaves to fetch his supplies.  Sherlock stretches his leg, wiggles his toes experimentally.  A drumbeat of pain throbs through his ankle.
Minutes later, dressed and clean, Sherlock wandered into the kitchen to find John leaning against the counter with Rosie in his arms.  John looked at Sherlock and away, the corners of his mouth turning down; Rosie, ignoring his presence, sucked contentedly at her bottle.  Silence pressed upon them for a long moment.
Sherlock looks at John, and looks at John, and realizes, with a start, that he believes him.  Without his knowledge, his doubts about John’s feelings had packed their bags and vacated the Mind Palace before they could be forcibly evicted.  “John, I…”
“Can’t,” Sherlock choked.  He wanted to leap from the bed and race into the kitchen, to the tile above the kitchen sink.  His last reserves.
“Not them, specifically,” says Sherlock.  Cotton Bud and Piggy may be idiots, but it would be beyond cruel to expose them to the full force of John’s righteous fury.  “But they work for the same counterfeiter.”
“I am not,” says John, a trifle petulantly.  “Just got a little scratch in my throat.  It’s been a long day.”
“I’ll just,” says Mrs. Hudson, and rises to weave precariously into the kitchen with no effort to complete her pretense.
Sebastian Wilkes is a willfully ignorant man.  He doesn’t move, but stands staring at the pair like they are a particularly interesting exhibit at the zoo.  One corner of his mouth lifts.  “I suppose you aren’t just
I have to shower before we go out.  Patient vomited on my shoes.  I cleaned them but I can’t get rid of the smell.  Somehow think it got all the way into my hair.  Is that mad?
He put the sensation of John’s fingers on his scalp in the Mind Palace box with all the other little details.  The box he often contemplated binning, though he always found an excuse to keep it around. It had grown bigger, edging irrelevant facts out of the Mind Palace to make space for itself: the Queen of England, the Prime Minister.
“In any case,” said Mycroft, “I am attending the gala with Lady Smallwood.  She would like very much to see you.”
Sherlock pressed his thumb and fingers together in a squeezing motion.  “Oh, you know what I’m talking about.  Infants are notoriously helpless.  A single clogged nostril will put them out of commission.”
“’Course,” said Molly.  “And really, it’s no bother.  You and Sherlock should focus on being mobile before you have a baby to look after.”
“Stop, stop,” John gasps through his own giggles.  “We can’t laugh on the doorstep of our home.  We look like complete nutters.”
John pitches forward and crushes his lips down against Sherlock’s.  A sound escapes Sherlock, something like a murmur and something like a sigh, as his hands rise to clasp John’s shoulder, the nape of his neck.  He drags John closer,
“Drebber and Stangerson?” Donovan cuts in.  “We know where they are.  CCTV caught them leaving the Tube at Paddington.  They matched Mr. Ferrier’s descriptions perfectly.  We’ve got officers on the way now.”
Just before the counterfeiter’s goons dump him into the Thames, hands and feet bound, Sherlock has the presence of mind to think,
Presently, they lie together in the bed, fingers interlocked, unadorned but full of promise.  Sherlock’s head is propped against John’s, heedless of the threat of contagion.  He can feel the fever warming John’s hairline, bleeding into his skin.  Turning, he brushes a kiss against John’s temple.  His lips burn to the touch.
After two weeks of negotiation, the publishing company agrees to keep the Science of Deduction in John’s book.  The fame of Sherlock and John Watson-Holmes is not a force to be reckoned with.
But Peter is huge, tall and broad with it, corded with muscle and stripped of fat.  Sherlock estimates that the man is several inches taller than himself, and would outweigh him by fifty, perhaps sixty pounds.  A formidable foe, and a man who could easily dispatch of his sister’s chosen victims.
Rosie reaches into the box and pulls out a violin case.  Her arms tense under the weight, but she sets it down with the utmost care and flips open the clasps.  Her fingers brush over the velvet casing, the delicate scroll.  It’s as if all her excitement has been distilled.  Purified into a moment of wonder.
Anderson’s gaze snapped to John as if just registering his presence.  His countenance chilled to the disdain Sherlock had once known so well.
Sherlock had been resigned to his conclusion.  But had he let that conclusion stand like a monument, unchanging as it weathered data after contradictory data?  Had he blinded himself to the truth?
He won’t allow it – won’t take the risk and find himself alone in his bed, bereft with the understanding that last night was a dream.  A figment concocted by his cruel, brilliant mind.  He wakes with fear crouching over him like a demon perched on his chest, slowly crushing the air from him as it waits for him to open his eyes so it might strike.
Sherlock thinks.  “I shouted and your father came to help me, but it was only a nightmare.  There is no snake.”
“Hidden in one of the chairs?”  John’s thoughts were as disordered as the shop.  “Wait.  If she hid something, why would she need to kidnap Garrideb for it?”
ready.”  Sherlock hears the petulance in his own voice, hates that the transport has seen fit to betray him at the worst possible moment.  For God’s sake, it isn’t as if he’s some blushing virgin.  His experience may be scant, but it must count for
“You have a point, Mycroft,” said John quietly, “and I won’t argue that I fucked up, but what did you do?  You could have intervened at any time, but you held back.  Why?”
Sherlock cleared his throat.  In a low voice, he said, “You’ll get bored quickly.  This isn’t a gunfight.”
you found the counterfeiter’s hideout.  By then, it was almost too late for me to help.”  An edge of anger cuts into his tone.  “When I saw those, those
My editing this time around was especially slapdash, so if you see a mistake, please let me know. :x
John pulls back and shimmies across the bed until he is seated between Sherlock’s legs, arms bracketing his waist.  “I’d like to do it like this,” he says.  “I want to see you.  Watch your face when I’m inside you, see your expression when you come.”  His voice tapers into a kiss, daubed on the column of Sherlock’s throat.  Sherlock shivers and John draws back, breathing the words, “This mole, right here?  Drives me mad.  I can’t tell you how many times I’ve wanted to bite it.  Bit of a fixation, really.”
Decades later, the two are still easily recognizable.  Mr. Holmes’ dark curls, though still thick, are greying at the temples.  His dark coat and trousers make him look sharp and dignified.  Wrinkles line his forehead, the corners of his eyes, and his mouth.  Odd, that – from what Dad told me, I thought Mr. Holmes a very cold man.  But it looks like he’s had much cause to smile and laugh in his life.
“Sherlock,” John gasped.  He felt as if the cold water sloshing in his belly had seeped into his veins, dousing the fizz of morphine.  “Is he…”
Sherlock lowers his gaze to the teacup in his hands, bereft.  He raises the cup and takes a sip.  The tea has gone cold.
Sherlock pulls back and swats John’s shoulder in mock indignation. John smirks up at him, mouth soft and kiss-reddened.  He draws Sherlock down into another kiss, this one slower, gentler.
Catherine’s gaze swivels from John to Sherlock.  There is nothing of the friendly, nervous woman in those eyes – flat and blank, they look more like chips of glass than anything alive.
The festive atmosphere and the promise of a truly curious case conspire to lift Sherlock’s spirits.  He feels a grin tug at his mouth.
. Greg resists the urge to roll his eyes and turns his focus back to the body at his feet.  A middle-aged man, garroted so viciously there are wire-notches on the front of his spine.  Despite the messy crime scene, they haven’t found a trace of evidence.  Hence, Sherlock Holmes has been summoned.
shivers.  The cold steals through his mouth and crawls down his throat with skittering, itchy claws.  His chest rattles with a brittle cough.  “Hello?  Is anyone there?”
John exhales in a rush, ducking his head and spreading his arms in a helpless gesture.  “I’m going out again.  Got some new clothes.  Do you—well, what do you think?”
Mutely, Sherlock turned and glanced at the table.  John rushed past him and knelt on the floor. Silence fell for a long moment.
Sherlock hadn’t noticed the bag until early the next morning.  He had nearly tripped over it when he cleared the sitting room table for the tea tray.
John shook his head.  “No.” His thumb wandered, brushing the hinge of his jaw and smearing a clot of dried blood.  Sherlock stared at the ruddy smear as if spellbound.  “No, I wasn’t.  But I.  I was taken there, for a time.”
Andy shrugged.  “She said she had to get it just right.  I dunno, I’d have drunk swill if she offered it to me, but she was…”  He blanched. “She
The idea of Rosie as a teenager – with John’s confidence and wry wit, with Mary’s cunning and innate skill, with Sherlock’s… and there, his mind draws a blank.  The jagged edges of Rosie’s reality scrape against him.
He stalked back inside in the hope that John would leave.  Two sets of footsteps followed, dashing that hope to ribbons.  His neck prickled with the acute awareness of John’s stare.
John laughed without mirth.  “Even when you hurt me, you were saving me.  Can’t say the same for myself.  Even when we…”  His voice cracked.  “Even when we were together, when I had you, I.  I fucked it up.  I was selfish.  I’m a doctor, and I didn’t think for a second to be careful with you.”
“Oh.”  But the confusion hasn’t left Rosie’s face.  “Okay.”  She looks at Sherlock.  “Do you love Daddy?”
And then: the walls fall away, revealing the bleak sky and the high scream of wind.  In the distance, the town of Dover and its port look little more than a doll city.  Sherlock holds out a hand, bidding John stop in the doorway.  Then he steps out onto the rooftop.
“Oh!” Mrs. Hudson cried.  The phone rang again and she jumped as if the noise was a gunshot.  A crack shot, aimed through two windows, aimed at giants and beasts, aimed at a coin, aimed at Sherlock—
John shifts against him.  “Mm.  Morning.”  He smears a lazy, openmouthed kiss to Sherlock’s shoulder, where one scar tapers into a sliver.  He is warm and sleep-soft against Sherlock, flush skin-to-skin.  “You ‘wake?”
cleverer person, at any rate.  So, unless you’re considering turning to the criminal masses, it’s safe to say I’m your best bet.”
She pats his cheek tenderly and moves on before Sherlock can fathom a response.  A pocket of silence cloaks him, suffocating and alone.
They call a cab to take them up the hill, along a winding, tree-enclosed road.  John’s lips thin when Sherlock tells the cabbie their intended location, but he makes no comment.  He only stares out the window and watches skeletal trees drift past.  A hush settles, and though their hands remain linked, Sherlock can feel a chasm yawn wide between them.
Sherlock takes a trembling moment to assess himself.  His head throbs where it was struck, but otherwise he feels no pain.  His arms and legs, though stiff with cold, are unbound.  He can barely feel his fingers or toes.  The darkness presses around him, suffocating and cold.  Silence hums in his ears.
Rosie furrows her brow, looking both affronted and confused, but ultimately decides it isn’t worth the effort.  “Do you know,” she says, slowly, “that Father Christmas isn’t real?”
John held the hair aloft, motionless as Moriarty strode forward to retrieve it.  The fairy smiled as he tucked the lock into his breast pocket.  He patted the place above his heart with a gentle hand.  “Perfect.  Johnny-boy, flip him over, will you?  I’d like to see his face.  So much more
“That’s enough,” John shouts over the din.  His eyes widen when he catches the look on Sherlock’s face.  “Sherlock, don’t—”
“Really.”  John glanced at Sherlock dubiously.  “I thought it was because of the Moriarty business.”
Are you free this evening? Thought we could go to Angelo’s or something.  Maybe go to a film after.  Make a night of it.
Standing on the edge of the dance floor, Sherlock studies the dancers.  Anderson is making his limbs and joints robotic, sloppy with drink; Donovan cackles as he topples into her, saved from pitching them both to the floor by the crush of bodies.  On the other side of the crowd, Molly is plastered against Lestrade – with ardor or a need for balance, Sherlock cannot say.  Nearby, Bradstreet twirls Hopkins like a precariously-balanced top.
Sherlock scoops his hands under John’s arms as he stands and drags him into a kiss.  John’s mouth is hot and wet, bitter salt.  Sherlock fumbles at his flies with shaking fingers.  Clumsy but determined, he steals his hand inside, gripping John’s prick.  John jumps with a muttered oath, then cants his hips as Sherlock’s hand makes a tunnel for him, slick with sweat.  It takes only a handful of thrusts for him to come, cursing and shuddering and clinging to Sherlock’s shoulders.
“Obviously,” Sherlock said.  John huffed and Sherlock tossed him a smirk.  “I’ll plague you for a while yet.”
Sherlock remembers how this ends.  It ends like this:  with Mary Watson a corpse gone dank by the Thames; with John Watson a widower and single father to a one-year-old; with Sherlock failing to keep his vow, failing to protect Mary from his dead archenemy and her former employer.  It will take another year for John to speak to him.  A year after that, he and Rosie move into Baker Street.
John bites his lip, eyes crinkling at the corners with suppressed mirth.  “Come on.”  Crouching, he hooks his hands beneath Sherlock’s arms.  “Up you go.”
Sherlock drummed his fingers against his lap and looked to the horizon.  Over the looming skyline of London, the sun set amidst billowing streams of smog, burning through vivid streaks of violet and rose.  His phone buzzed with a text alert, and he reached into his pocket with a scowl.
and the bolt clicked.  The door swung open and Mrs. Hudson was standing before him, Rosie propped against her shoulder.  She smiled a little nervously.
“I know,” said John, thinking of Mary as he had first known her – sparkling with her own brilliance.  Had she been more honest with Alexander?  Had she really loved him, or had she been glad to leave him, to shake off someone whose intellect was leagues behind her own?  “I know she was.”
Eirene drained the cup.  Dropping the flower, she pulled Sherlock further along the path.  Her bare foot came down on the flower with a decisive step, crushing its petals under her heel.
“Best that I… get to the point, then,” said John.  “I don’t think we should see each other anymore.”
“Utterly.”  As the ease of their age-old exchange moves between them, Sherlock feels his composure return.  He can never have John, it’s true – never have him the way he wants him, has known and battled that knowing for the last ten years – but at least they have the Work.  They will always have the Work.
“Yes,” confirmed Sherlock.  He slid his fingernail under the sealed flap of the envelope and tore it open.  Plucking out a square of paper, he let it fall open as the torchlight shone upon it.
“I apologize if murder by candy cane isn’t interesting enough for you,” he says briskly.  “If you have a more interesting crime to attend to, I can probably manage without you.”
It happens on a case in Scotland.  A lawyer, Mr. Hector McFarlane.  A victim, Jonas Oldacre, whose will was amended to make McFarlane the sole beneficiary to everything he owned.  A corpse outside Oldacre’s home in Inverness, charred beyond recognition. A court order extracting the location of McFarlane’s mobile phone from his MePhone data – one that revealed McFarlane’s phone to be at Oldacre’s home right around the time forensics determined the body was set aflame.
, Sherlock had murmured over and over, pinning him down and marking him humanely but firmly with nails, teeth, slaps to his rear.  John hadn't quite known what to think of it, especially given how shy and green and downright
John knew.  At this point he had imagined Sherlock in pretty much every lewd fantastical scenario possible, some he would be willing to admit to and some he wouldn't.  Sherlock was blessed with
, John would either not understand, which would be painful, or crack a joke, which would be even more painful.
"I'm sure I'd have followed you around even then," John continued.  He could picture it clearly: this headstrong, brilliant child, fearless and as yet untainted by his troubled teen years, would have bounded into John's childhood and colored it with his cheeky splendour.  John was a smart, sensible child, but a bit chubby and fretful even back then, and he had always needed someone to follow around and answer to, it seemed.  Sherlock would've filled that niche quite nicely.  The small blond boy would have loved to go off on fantastic adventures and listen to that little lisp prattle on for hours as though he knew what he was talking about.  Of course in reality, Sherlock was nearly five years younger than John, which was a lot when you're a child, but disregarding that...
Sherlock pressed his lips into a fine line and began to breathe heavily into the phone in spite of himself.
Up, up, up to the top, where his magnificent smooth jelly-foot kicked open the door to the roof, where he currently stood. Again. But instead of looking down, he looked up this time.
John shook it heartily. Sherlock tried to memorize the feeling of skin on skin before saying simply:
, John heard the whiskey say in his mind.  "There is absolutely no doubt in my mind we would've got on beautifully."  He considered a minute before throwing caution to the wind.  "I wish I'd have met you earlier, you know.  I want to know you every step of the way."
They sat that way for a small eternity, foreheads touching, hands caressing, palms rubbing against each others' necks and jawlines.  John leaned in until their noses were touching and finally, finally broke the tension with a firm, slow kiss on Sherlock's mouth.  Sherlock, he of no physical experience, was content to let John do as he pleased, now high on more than simple painkillers.  As John pulled away, he reached up to the back of his neck to hold him near his lips.
"Yes, well.  Being your doctor has to have some perks, right?"  He ran a hand gently along his partner's injured side.  No blood on the bandages, that was good.  "Could you maybe stand so we can get your trousers off?"
"Sherlock," he gathers up the energy to croak out.  He doesn't get a response.  "Sherlock," he tries again, a bit louder.  Sherlock finally seems to snap out of it.  His eyes meet John's before quickly darting away again, but he doesn't speak.
..."  He bites off his sentence, already feeling exposed enough.  He's breathing rapidly through his nose, his lips ground together in a tight line.  "This wasn't supposed to happen.  Never.  Not to you."
"'Calm down'?  'Calm down'?!" Sherlock repeats, his voice growing louder and more frenzied.  "I just watched someone nearly wrench you away from me and I'm supposed to laugh and pretend that it's to be expected?  You are
"I'm glad I have you to share it with me, John.  I like being alone, but... I don't like being left alone."  He reached to grab at John's knee.  "I wish I were able to play the violin right now," he added as an afterthought.  "I know how much you enjoy it."
Perhaps, thought Sherlock, that was the problem. Perhaps he was taking things too slowly. Perhaps if he were just a bit faster... perhaps if he solved this case really fast, John would change his mind and stay in all the chairs.
Sherlock felt a soft glow in his cheeks. He wouldn't deny that he filled out a tux quite nicely, but he always felt his best dressed in John's compliments.
“There isn't enough room for both of us in the tub.  We tried it once, remember?"  That had been a disaster.  Sherlock had cooked up some elaborate story in order to explain to Mrs Hudson why there was water damage to her ceiling.  She had threatened to raise the rent, and John was quite surprised she hadn't.  There was just too much man for one old tub to hold without sloshing water everywhere.
John's lips tightened into a line.  "You're not coming out.  If you have a sit you can have it in here."
Presently there was nothing left save quivering, overworked muscles and the heavy breathing of two men madly in love.  John gently pulled out and the two of them collapsed next to each other, panting.
He couldn't possibly know it at the time, but he would look back on this evening as a turning point.  The next words out of his mouth were lubricated but sincere and mercifully said before he had a chance to feel self-conscious about them.
His eyes roll lazily in their sockets to look up at Sherlock, who is leaning on his bare forearms over the edge of the tub.  He's rolled his expensive shirtsleeves up so they don't get wet, but a few splashes from the bath have found their way to him anyway, marking his shirt a dark purple in spots.  He's peering down at John, his dark curls going a bit frizzy in the humidity of the bath, the corners of his mouth turned upwards a bit.  He's pleased that John is comfortable, but his expression is still severe and his nostrils are still flared.
John's breath caught in his throat.  It was the hydrocodone.  It had to be.  Sherlock had no discernible filter to begin with and everything was magnified right now.  He tried desperately to grasp at reason and rationality.  "Sherlock..."
Sherlock's mouth opens a little and his breathing calms as he considers this.  "You're right," he breathes, eyes twitching.  "They can't take that away from me."
Once Sherlock has cleaned John's body to his liking, John figures they're through.  He steels himself to get out of the warmth of the bath, ready to endure the chill until he gets ahold of his dressing gown.  But to his surprise, Sherlock reaches for a cloth on the rack above the tub and wets it with a little soap, wringing out the excess moisture before coming for John's face.  Of course a man with an eye for extreme detail like Sherlock wouldn't let John's face go untouched.
"Honestly, Sherlock, you come to me at a time like this? You really think that I, of all people, am the man to run to when it comes to..." He paused slightly, and Sherlock didn't need powers of deduction to tell he was curling his lips in disdain, “...
Sherlock closed his eyes, focusing on John's warm calloused hand on his head.  His side was beginning to ache again and he felt like everything was happening in slow motion, but if getting shot meant he got all of John's attention and his hands in his hair to boot... well by God Sherlock was alright with it.  He knew he was babbling like an idiot but he didn't care.  Perhaps tomorrow he'd care, but not now.
"I'd love that," John said.  John absolutely adored giving head.  "I love sucking on you, making you squirm."  He began to undo Sherlock's flies.  "Although I do also like fucking you when you're hard, watching your bollocks bounce around as I--"
Would John try and penetrate him? Sherlock wasn't sure if he'd like that. Maybe. He'd be willing to try it at least, if John would just come back to stay with him. He tried to imagine what that could be like...
John's face radiated anger, but Sherlock found redemption there. It didn't matter, the expression on his face. It simply meant that Sherlock had circled enough. He'd gotten John's attention. He uncoiled himself, relaxing onto his back.
"Your cock," John said labouriously, hand ghosting over Sherlock's smooth nether regions.  He leaned forward, kissing the soft skin between Sherlock's shoulders (another con to being relatively short: not being able to reach your lover's neck from behind).  John couldn't lie, the shorn skin sheathing his cock made the glide that much more delicious, smoothness yielding as his cock pushed in and out.  He cupped Sherlock's clean bollocks before rubbing Sherlock's cock just the way he liked.
This was going pretty well, so far. Sherlock knew in his heart of hearts that this was going against being
"Easy," John winces, and Sherlock eases up but doesn't pull his head entirely away.  They sit there that way for a minute or two, John ruffling Sherlock's ridiculous hair and Sherlock drawing comfort from being close to John's body.
."  He was on all fours, his head bent over, his face obscured by curly dark hair that was overdue for a cut.
John grabbed the bottle out of the brown bag on the table and doled out the right amount.  He didn't bring it up, but he didn't trust Sherlock to handle the pills himself.  Supervision was necessary, as always with his friend.  He fed Sherlock the pill and helped him with a glass of water, a few droplets trailing down the exposed neck of the detective, who wiped them away with a heavy hand.
"Oh what?!" Sherlock said peevishly, a lovely blush rising on his noble cheekbones.  "Haven't you ever... you know..." He waived his hand, it must be admitted, a bit gaily.
John just smiles, as he is wont to do, and leans his head into Sherlock's hand, reaching up to brush some frizzy curls out of his lover's eyes, not caring that his hand is wet.
Sherlock meditated on this for a while, nostrils flared and brows furrowed. He had never heard anything quite like it. He was the first to admit that he was a man of stunted emotional intelligence, but even so...
Sherlock had been waltzing for nearly an hour when Mrs Hudson walked in with tea. He had been imagining with so much force that he had actually not heard her coming up the stairs. She caught him mid two-step in the imaginary arms of a blond army doctor.
He trudged into bed at two AM but tossed and turned until five, when he gave up and went out to the sofa, staring ahead unseeingly in the quiet darkness.
Hands trembling slightly, face red with shame, puffing on a cigarette, he reached for his laptop and googled
Sherlock is a scientist, and so he knows all about the mechanisms of olfaction.  The fact that he can smell John in this moment means that odourous molecules have transported into his nasal cavity to the olfactory epithelium, where they binded to receptor proteins in the cilia, initiating an electric signal that travels to the brain and is interpreted as a scent.
All of these moments in time that had gripped his insides unmercifully, he had been able to wield and hone them into a musical transmutation. But it was still unfinished.
The night before the wedding, John stopped by. Sherlock was idly scratching at his violin, slowly, in his chair in front of the fire. He looked as though he were in a trance.
He felt a very familiar stab of jealousy and below that, despair that John didn't trust him as well as he thought he had.
Of course, Sherlock was a meticulous planner, analyzing every possible outcome from every possible angle until he arrived at the complete, watertight answer. However his drug usage put a damper on that; it had been so long since he'd used that he'd forgotten how it gets, and as a result he hadn't thought his plans through completely; there was something about making John jealous with a lady friend, and using drugs so John would want to take care of him, and then Magnussen had popped up to add another layer, and then the Girlfriend Plan had gotten mashed together with the Drug Plan and then it all went to hell in a hand basket, with Janine left to spend the night in his room.
"John.  Put up the tree.  Please?"  Sherlock looked at him squarely from the sofa, his expression forlorn.
But more than that, John loved fucking Sherlock while Sherlock was still hard.  There was something absurdly sexy about Sherlock's erection swinging about as he took John up his backside.  But more than that, the feeling of Sherlock's orgasm from the inside was
"We didn't put it up this year," John said, a bit confused.  "Remember?  We were so busy with the case."
and sucked one tender testicle into his mouth, then the other.  Sherlock's breath picked up and his cock gave a hungry little bounce as he pulled his knees up silently.  John looked up the bed to make eye contact with him, but the brunet had his face and eyes scrunched up tight, even as he rolled back to expose his rear.
Pulling John's arm around his shoulder for the fourth or fifth time that day, Sherlock helps his companion up to perch on the curved edge of the tub; John steadies himself with his free hand and unaffected foot.  Slowly, carefully, they lower him in bum first.  The water is quite hot and John hisses a little, his skin prickling with the sensation, but he slowly eases into it with a soft exhale as the water moves to cover his skin, rushing up to fill every nook and cranny on his battered body.  John feels a little sheepish at his own breaths and small vocalizations, which in another context could be considered quite erotic in nature, but Sherlock doesn't comment.  John's swollen ankle stays out of the tub, but his other appendages find their way in, and he sighs and leans back into the speckled porcelain.  He's relaxing, finally, really relaxing for the first time since the ordeal ended.  They had cleaned him up a bit at the hospital but he hadn't had a bath, and of course no one ever really relaxes at a hospital anyway, especially not doctors.
John huffed out a chuckle. "Of course. Of course you do." He looked squarely at the detective, his face more open than it had been all night. "You love to dance."
Sherlock jabbed at the air with his finger.  "This one, over that way... yes... no you passed it.  There yes!  That one goes on the bough above... there we are.  And that one--" Sherlock's directions were cut off by a sharp intake of breath.  John looked over to see his face contorted with pain.  He discarded the ornament in his hand onto a branch and rushed over.  Sherlock had gotten overzealous with his bossing and had leaned forward farther than he should have.
To his surprise and utter despair, Sherlock found himself unable to speak for the second time that day. He tried to move his diaphragm but his throat seemed to have closed off access to his vocal chords.
Sherlock moves on to John's feet, barely disturbing the injured one but scrubbing the other quite clean.  Rolling his shirtsleeves up further, he lathers John's legs before delving down to where they meet John's body.  He doesn't linger there long; his intent isn't to titillate, not with John in the current condition.  John tenses to move himself a bit to give his partner better access, but Sherlock holds him down with a strong but gentle hand.
"Right. Look, Mary was wondering..." John paused and looked up, a bit sheepish. His expression was soft and it made Sherlock positively ache with some sort of nondescript want. "Well,
Sherlock was vaguely aware that when it came to matters pertaining to himself, his deduction skills were woefully underdeveloped. He tried to pull his thoughts out of a mental ditch, but all he got were spinning wheels.
On one hand, John had loved Sherlock's body hair the way it was.  It was soft and sexy and just long enough to tuft a bit without getting ridiculous.  Body hair was
creamy skin that lit to a rosy pink when he was aroused, dusted with a smattering of soft brown freckles and moles here-and-there.  His pubic hair was reddish, thick and downy, admittedly a bit longer and wilder than John had expected but with clearly demarcated boundaries.  Sherlock was the type of human who either had thick hair or no hair at all on any given part of his body, there wasn't much of an inbetween.
He picked up his phone and scrolled through the texts. The last thing he texted John was a hatefully desperate-sounding
"Your previous commander, Sholto." Sodding man had been swimming around Sherlock's head for days now, ever since he had read his name on an invitation. John had obviously thought enough about him that he had decided to keep him a secret. This drove Sherlock positively mad. He had to get more data. He had to know how it ended.
Sherlock Holmes was very good at going incognito when need be, and he hoped the same for his emotions.
, Sherlock... caring is not an advantage. But if you find that in fact you do, you'll be wise to stay out of it."
...the heat, the push-pull, the feeling of another entity inside of his own body. The look on John's face, the redness and heat in his cheeks, the sweat coating his greying blond hair, the breath on Sherlock's face and the hands on his hips as he was held in place, forced to surrender...
, John thought but didn't say.  "But I bet you had many grand adventures, with that imagination of yours--"
As the days wore on, the burning shame and regret of the call dissipated a bit. John still came over regularly to help out on cases, and things seemed to be relatively okay, even if Sherlock's nights were lonelier.
he thinks.  In the time that they'd been romantically linked, John has learned a few things, and one of them is that any threat to John pushes Sherlock from everyday insecurity over the threshold into a bit jealous and sometimes possessive behaviour.  One time several months ago John was kidnapped for a few hours, emerging a bit shaken up but otherwise no worse for the wear, and he couldn't get Sherlock off of him for days.  He didn't sleep the entire night afterward because Sherlock wouldn't let him.
John sipped his tea, aimlessly googling as the occupier of his thoughts slept away fatigue in the bedroom down the hallway.  It suddenly occurred to him how cold and dark the flat was but he kind of liked it that way.  It was easier to brood.
Sherlock stalked over to John's easy chair and kicked it so hard it fell backwards. Then he went to the window and lit a cigarette.
have been going up those stairs yet on his own, but rarely did one win arguments against an overgrown child like Sherlock Holmes.
John slid his hand down to cup Sherlock's jaw, holding his medicated head steady.  He returned the gaze of the man who meant more to him than anything else possibly could and saw only a brilliant child with a fear of being abandoned.
John's shoulders shook with laughter and his teeth made an appearance as his lips parted to let out a guffaw.
"Sherlock," he starts, reaching out to grab at his hands.  "It's alright, I'm fine.  I am going to be just fine, and everything will be okay."  It sounds trite, even to John's ears, but it's the simple truth.
"I would.  I'd just be in a form more pleasing to you.  John," Sherlock prodded, reaching for John's hand and putting it back on top of his head.  John let him.  Sherlock slumped a bit, head rolling along the back of the sofa.  Damn John for being so perfectly ordinary.  He turned to look his doctor in the eyes, as if he might will his thoughts into his head.
"You don't say!" John shot back.  He was glad they had decided to do this though.  They were both having a genuinely great time.
John blinks.  "What?  You want to bathe me in the tub, like a child?"  John says it softly with a smile on his face, but Sherlock apparently thinks he's ridiculing him.
"But they didnt!" John yelps back.  That hurt his throat a bit.  Sherlock is silent as John coughs reflexively, trying to get his throat to feel right again.  Sherlock puts a hand to his back and John continues where he left off.  "They didn't get me, Sherlock.  I'm here, and I'm fine."  Sherlock looks away, the muscles in his face trembling.  "It's okay to be scared, or angry, or anything else, even if you don't care to admit you are.  I am too.  But there's nothing more to be done now.  I'm back, and I'm yours... and no one can take that away from you, even if they kill me."
Sherlock knew he wasn't a good man, and as a result sometimes being selfless felt more like a charade than a noble cause.
"Someday you'll leave and move on with your life and I'll be alone again."  It wasn't accusatory; it was purely a resigned and painful statement of facts as one lonely man saw them.  "You'll leave because I'm not a woman."  Sherlock moved to sit up, pulling John's hand from his head and leaning back to regard him sadly.  Social constructs and mores-- how bothersome they were, constantly getting in his way, always with the Work and now with his personal relationships.  "Gender means nothing to me.  I could do my job in either skin.  If it meant keeping you here, I wish I had been born female.  It matters little to me."
Sherlock couldn't deduce him. His eyes skittered around the room and then back to his blond doctor. "I look?"
"I love you."  It's a soft whisper, the words warm and wet in his mind like John's hand on his face.  Sherlock absolutely cannot respond.  Even helpless in a bath (Sherlock was deathly jealous of that bathwater, the way he was jealous of John's clothes and John's food),
John would never be in bed next to him. Would he? What would it mean if he was? Maybe Sherlock would try sex. He was pretty sure John was the only man he would deign to try sex with.
The water starts to cool so Sherlock pulls the plug out of the drain and helps his companion change into his pyjamas and get into bed.  Sherlock showers, frantically trying to scrub the day off of himself, until he's a bright pink.  Then he climbs into bed with John, who has already fallen off the cliff of consciousness.  Sherlock siddles in right next to him, keeping his face close to John's damp head.
Sherlock to do that.  John had never requested it of anyone.  He knew as well as anyone else what a pain in the arse upkeep could be for that sort of thing, and he wasn't sure he'd be willing to do it for anyone himself, so he didn't figure it was fair of him to ask it of anyone else.
Steadying the sandy-haired head in front of him, Sherlock very seriously sets to work with the cloth, wiping the dirt and pain of the day from the face of the man who means more to him than anyone else ever would, or ever possibly could.  John knows that Sherlock is quite out of sorts, that much is obvious, but what he doesn't know, what he could never know,  is the depth of the
Sherlock didn't care how many lives this Sholto man might have saved during his time in the armed forces; right now he didn't care for him much at all.
"Yes," he said matter-of-factly. "Sydney Opera House. Pound cake with marzipan and royal icing. Bergamot with citrus notes."
"Let me help you.  You're going to hurt yourself, you twat," he scolded gently as they took the next step together.
"John," Sherlock's voice is gravelly, but tender.  He sucks in a breath.  "John, I'd... I'd like to bathe you."
He had been looking forward to spending a relaxing holiday with his friend and not even that had been able to happen.  They hadn't had time to put up a tree or do any decorating.  John was no Martha Stewart but Sherlock loved fairy lights and he had always put some up in the past, to Sherlock's delight.  This year, though, the thought hadn't even crossed either of their minds.  He hoped the lack of holiday cheer wouldn't throw Sherlock into a funk.  It had surprised him how much the usually unsentimental man had loved Christmas.
, and nothing breaks through Sherlock's inward focus.  The fact that he wouldn't even know how to begin articulating his abstract fears and frustrations into words crosses his mind, and he hates everything more.
Sherlock, whose watery expression is currently reminding John of a large fish tank he had as a child; Harry used to peer at him from behind it, the lines of her face cloudy and undulating, much like Sherlock’s are now.
Of course John didn' t know how to waltz. Glaringly obvious, but Sherlock had been so preoccupied recently that he hadn't thought of it. He was going to go up there and make a fool of himself and his new wife in front of everyone.
The evening prior, they had gone out to dinner and John had the waiter box up a huge pink sugary cupcake to take home.  To his great shame, he wolfed the entire thing down less than an hour before bed.
(John knew, of course, that removing body hair didn't necessarily make someone a slag, but Pretty Young Sherlock had always been his favorite fantasy.)
And he's afraid that if he opens his mouth, he'll either wail out in despair or do the one thing a man such as himself doesn't do, and weep.  So he keeps his jaw set, his lips pushed tightly together in a fine line, and tries with all of his might to oscillate focus outward, on the task at hand, while actively avoiding meeting John's gaze.
Now, as he lay on his back in bed in the lonely cocoon of his room, his traitorous mind wandered back to John's kisses. The dark stillness of the flat cast a startling contrast from the strobe lights and musical merriment of the reception he left behind, although his bedroom was cast in a soft glow from a tiny nightlight Sherlock had shamefully taken to leaving plugged into the wall outlet in the hallway after he returned to live at 221b alone (not because he was frightened of the dark, of course, but because it gave the illusion that someone else was home).
Of course, washing his lover's face, it's impossible to avoid eye contact.  Sherlock's eyes roll up from John's lips, over the premature lines on the handsome face that he's taken great care to memorize, to smart, grey-blue eyes where his gaze is immediately sucked in, like a sinkhole opening up and pulling his soul from his body; the force of it takes his breath away.  They stare at each other for a long moment, Sherlock's expression frightfully unguarded.
"You would be quite disappointed, I think.  But," he conceded, "perhaps I'd have been much different if I had met you as a child."
Now, clad in his pajamas and dressing gown, hair a ruffled mess, Sherlock crouched over the small Pandora's Box and lifted the latch. After rummaging around through the various papers and mementos tucked away inside, he finally found what he sought: a piece of staff paper, filled three-quarters of the way down with handwritten musical notes, titled
"Yes I have." In actuality, Sherlock had forgotten that Janine was in his room until Mycroft tried to pry in to look for drugs. He'd gotten so occupied with his thoughts that he had simply left her there while he went out to look for another fix.
It took a short while for John to get the hang of it, but once he did, Sherlock let him take the lead. The flat was spinning around him as he danced in John's arms, the world falling away into nothing but trivialities as reality was sublimated into just the two of them, their warm bodies, John's breath and eyelashes and his lips oh-so-close. Sherlock dared to look him in the eye and felt his skin prickle when John looked back. Time became elastic, dragging on and snapping back concurrently, and for the first time Sherlock found himself wondering if perhaps the rest of the world actually knew something he didn't.
), he turned over onto his stomach and rutted so slightly against the bed, but didn't really get anywhere before his consciousness was mercifully ripped from him.
John absolutely loved sucking Sherlock off.  Apart from the minor jaw ache, he could've done it all day.  He liked to challenge himself to take as much of Sherlock as he could.  The semen wasn't particularly a treat, but he did love the feel of an engorged cock pulsating in his mouth, the slag he was.  For some reason, Sherlock liked to let John kiss him right afterwards so he could taste himself; John found that stupidly arousing as well.
Sherlock unleashed his deep chuckle.  It was interesting, John thought, imagining the tall, macabre, cerebral brute of a man with an impossibly deep voice as a small pale boy in Sunday clothes.  He rubbed behind his ears and Sherlock leaned into the touch.
John waits for him to speak.  "John, you must..." he starts, his tone charmingly needy.  "When you are fit again, you must let me have... an evening with you."  That sounds ridiculous, Sherlock thinks darkly.  John couldn't possibly know how badly he needs this-- to mark John, to slowly strip him and push him down and climb on him and
For once Sherlock obeyed and said nothing for the duration of his agonizing trip up the stairs.  He sat on the arm of the sofa for a moment, once he was inside the flat, to catch his breath.
None of that mattered, though, as Sherlock's arse squeezed thought from John's mind like toothpaste from the tube as he slid in.
Sherlock watched intently as John spoke to his old acquaintance; he was leaning in, nodding enthusiastically, treating the man with the utmost reverence and respect. Since John had only mentioned the commander in passing but had glossed over details, Sherlock had obviously grossly underestimated how much this other man meant to him.
John shifted onto one knee, bracing himself with one foot on the mattress before pulling Sherlock's body back to him with a grunt.
"Would it kill anyone to keep things orderly around here?" he muttered under his breath, but in the end he didn't really mind because white lights gave off a better glow than coloured did anyhow.  It was too late to put them on the tree so Sherlock demanded they be strung from the fireplace.  John plugged them in and looked to Sherlock.  He was smiling with satisfaction, the glow reflecting in his eyes.
Sherlock had seen John kiss Mary many times before, a little peck here or there, but somehow at the wedding it was different. Their kisses shared as bride and groom were deeper, hungrier, a bit more intimate, and Sherlock hoped no one noticed his eyes lingering on the happy newlyweds, fixating on what John's lovely thin lips might feel like, adjusting for the angle and trajectory and how swollen Sherlock's own lips might be at time of contact.
"Yes, yes, yes!" Sherlock whimpered, until his mouth was occupied by John's tongue.  He let himself be overtaken, dominated.  Sherlock loved this, the ability to let go, to whimper and beg and say utterly ridiculous things that in any other context would bet utterly mortifying.  They gave that ability to each other, in this intimate space.  It was trust; it was love unlike anything else Sherlock had ever experienced in his lifetime, more than he had ever dared to hope for.  It might've brought tears to his eyes if the man he loved wasn't currently fiddling between his legs and telling him in great detail what was about to be done to him.
Sherlock caught his breath and then said, with a little less pep, "That one you just set down, move it three boughs to the right and then turn the tree on."
Sherlock sat on the sofa. Was it a sofa? It might have been a chair. Or a bed. No, not a bed, because John was next to him.
"Yeah, so let's keep it at one type of hurt then, hmm?"  John waited patiently as Sherlock leaned heavily on him, taking the steps like a child or an elderly person might, bringing both feet to rest on the step before tackling the next one.
After Sherlock had agreed to be his Best Man and John had gone, Sherlock sat in his chair for four hours, three minutes, and thirty-six point four seconds before giving in (hateful!) and calling Mycroft. His brother picked up on the fourth ring, waiting just long enough for Sherlock to begin to have second thoughts about the decision to call.
The phonetic sounds of the words ran together and bled into Sherlock's brain, saturating it like an X-ray ion chamber.  No, John wouldn’t understand that analogy; like coffee saturating a napkin.
Sherlock's arse was not a hairy one to begin with, as arses go.  Hell, John's own arse had more hair on it, and he didn't particularly have a hairy arse either.  Still, John winced a bit at the thought of someone coating it with wax before ripping it off.  Perhaps Sherlock was less sensitive than John had thought.
"Oh, look at you," John chided mockingly.  "Can't wait to get me in, can you?"  He circled Sherlock's hole with feather-light touches.  "I'm going to have fun fucking you, with how smooth your sweet little arse is.  Less friction, I'm going to be able to fuck you even harder.  You're going to
He snuffed out his cigarette before removing his violin from its case and began to play a song he hadn't played in a very long while. His brows didn't unfurrow.
He tried really hard to think. Really hard. Everything was so hard now. Thinking used to be so easy and now John was getting married to someone Sherlock somehow didn't hate and it bothered him so much that he agreed to take John out for a stag night and now he was, by his calculations, slightly tipsy on a bed with John.
"Hey, take it easy," John scolded gently.  "There we go, lean back."  He steadied Sherlock to lie down on the sofa, moving the empty ornament boxes out of the way.
"You know, I was discussing with Mary," John said in between bites of linguine. Sherlock had been treating him to dinner a lot more often lately, but if John noticed, he hadn't mentioned it. Sherlock sipped his wine and flicked his grey eyes up at his companion. He let John's gaze suck him in until he felt thoroughly warmed all over; then he skittered his own gaze back into his wine glass.
"But I was just thinking... they don't exactly teach you to waltz in the army, do they." John was smiling ruefully into his empty glass.
"Hmm."  John didn't really have a reply, and Sherlock didn't press for one.  They fell into a companionable silence and John began to wonder if his companion had fallen asleep until he spoke again.
"Good," he said, kissing Sherlock's temple.  "I've never really fancied smooth bollocks for myself."
John looked down at his plate.  He brushed crumbs off of himself.  "I have.  It was... fine," he admitted.  "I mean, they enjoyed it too.  That's what matters to me."
"John..."  His voice was very soft.  Tentative.  Unsure and meek.  Stripped.  Completely novel, coming from Sherlock Holmes.  "If I had been a woman..."
."  The insistence upon the lie sounds absurd even to his own ears, but Sherlock would never admit it.  John knows; Sherlock doesn't have to voice it.
John looked around the flat, taking in Sherlock's obsessive level of disorganized orderliness.  Of course the tree had to be just so.  But in a Holmes residence?  "Didn't anyone ever notice?  Glass Santa is a half inch to the right, or an icicle facing the other way?  Things like that?"
Now Sherlock chuckled.  "'S fine.  Besides, I love your pubic hair too.  Thick and golden."  He ventured a hand behind himself to run his fingers through damp wiry curls.  John wasn't a particularly hairy man either, but unlike Sherlock, his pubic hair was quite wiry and covered a wider range.  John very carefully trimmed himself with scissors, but seeing as he was considerably hairier, he knew waxing would be quite painful.
.  The first time John had experienced that, Sherlock's tight arse spasming around John's sizeable cock... John came so hard he actually drooled on Sherlock's back, much to his humiliation.  It was that good.  Luckily for him, Sherlock wasn't much of a person to be bothered by bodily fluids in general.
"The bubbles were a nice touch," John says.  His voice is still quite rough-sounding so he's not sure if it's doing much to lift the mood, but he has to try.  "If not a bit homey.  I was wondering if you were going to put a shower cap on me."
Greg scribbles in his notepad and sticks the pen in his mouth, chewing on the cap.  Something has definitely changed – the tension between Sherlock and John, always as thick and fever-hot as the air before a storm, has… cleared.  The looks they share are lighter, the smiles easier.  Suspicion niggles at Greg.
“You’ve reached the voicemail of Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective.  The only one in the world.  I can’t come to the phone right now – either I’m on a case or I’m prematurely so bored of whatever little trifle you’ve come to bother me with that I’ve slipped into a coma.  Either way, not answering.  Leave a message if your case is better than a four.  If not, don’t bother.”
John looked up from his phone with a lopsided grin.  “Babies and the universe, is that it?  The irrelevant topics.”
Next, Sherlock researched the Grant family itself.  Their company, Grant Instruments, was based in Seattle, Washington.  As Alexander had said, they were prominently involved in manufacturing tools for dental and oropharyngeal surgeries.  Father an American heir, mother an English ENT.  Facts about the parents were easy to find, but there was little mention of Alexander.  Few articles acknowledged him, much less offered pictures.  That made sense, given how adamant he was that his dead wife and child not be dangled in front of the media.
Everyone was clambering to pin a medal of valor on John and he’d done nothing to deserve it.  They didn’t understand.  They hadn’t seen him hit Sherlock.  They hadn’t seen him shoot Mary in the back, heedless of the baby in her arms.  His baby.  His
They manage to arrive at the flat without scandalizing anyone, though Sherlock suspects not much would scandalize a seasoned London cab driver.  He doesn’t care; he drags John through the front door, up the seventeen stairs to 221B, and into the bedroom.
John grabs the towel and offers it to Sherlock without a word – practically shoves it at him.  Face burning with shame, Sherlock accepts the towel and scrubs off the dripping bathwater.  The chilly air raises his skin in gooseflesh.
Now, watching Alexander watch Moriarty, brow furrowed in quiet puzzlement, John was grateful that Sherlock could set aside his emotions.
Sherlock was beset by the Yard the moment he stepped out of Roland-Kerr Further Education College.  They hurried him to an emergency van and draped a violently orange blanket over his shoulders. As officers milled about, cordoning off the area, Lestrade strolled to Sherlock’s side.
Mycroft sucked in a wheezing breath and heaved a pained, wrenching cough.  A line of red spittle dribbled from his lips, replacing what Sherlock had so carefully wiped away.  “I’m afraid… I must ask a favor.”
Sherlock said nothing.  He stared emptily at the telly, where a shot glass tumbled into the dust.  “I keep expecting him to text and badger me about something or other.  Or for him to waltz in like he owns the place.”  He huffed in a sham of exasperation.  “He’s… he was always so infuriating.”
Winter winked roguishly.  With dark hair, a straight nose, and a square jaw, he could be considered quite handsome.  Mary knew his true nature too well to be fooled.
John peeled himself off of Sherlock.  His absence was like a cold slap of wind.  Shaking his head, he said, “How can you tell?  Which myths are real and which are just… just stories?”
“…learn how to play,” says Rosie, scowling, and at least it’s an improvement to tears, “because Daddy says your violin makes the most beautiful sounds in the world.  So… I want to play, too.”
Sherlock’s scowl darkens into a glare, but John is unfazed.  Nonchalantly, he raises one hand from the perusal of a medical article – Batten disease,
Sherlock has watched him sleep more often than is decent – certainly more than Mary has.  But under Sherlock’s gaze, John has never felt like livestock being readied for the butcher’s knife.  He has never been choked by fear.
“What she didn’t understand,” said Sherlock, “is that the peaches would only grant immortality if grown in Faerie.  She grew them here, in the human world. She must have realized her mistake at some time or another, and started looking for ways to bring out the peaches’ power.  Hence the tea.”
Sherlock hums noncommittally and turns the page on the article he’s been perusing.  He supposes oncolytic virotherapy can wait – the incubation times alone are daunting, and it isn’t his field of expertise anyway.
In spite of his loving ministrations, Sherlock still looks deathly grim, and a heavy silence still permeates the air.
He hadn't pulled it to the forefront in a long time, but the thought was always swimming below the murky surface.
"I wish I had known you as a child," he said before he realized it.  Sherlock slowly turned his head to peer up at him.
"You were shot, you arse.  You're not going to be back up on your feet in less than a week.  And," John reiterated, brandishing his finger at his companion, "don't think for one minute that just because you're home you're in any condition to be out gallivanting about.  Bed rest for you for a solid week at least, maybe two, depending."
"Suppose," Sherlock said with a soft sigh, adjusting slightly on John's lap.  "Christmas is such a wondrous time when you're a child."  He paused, then huffed a small humourless chuckle.  "Listen to me, waxing sentimental.  Bless this morphine."
Of all the ridiculous things to ask, John thought.  Sherlock Holmes, the coldly logical detective, asking such an absurd question after drawing an equally absurd conclusion.
John released Sherlock's calf and reached down into his own pants to pull at his own deprived cock; God, he was so ready come...
"You know I usually sleep nude," Sherlock sniffed.  "Should be quite easy to check bandages that way."  He watched as John began to make up the bed.
John fell asleep and Sherlock didn't wake him until nearly midnight, instead choosing to sit across from him and silently watch the shadows of flames lick and curl around his companion's lovely face.
...is what John had just said. Now he was waiting patiently for an answer while a rip ran through the fabric of Sherlock's mind.
Sherlock loved making an entrance, and what's more, he was damn good at it. He smiled broadly at John, his full lips pulling away into a positively dashing wolfish grin.
"Yeah, you go and get yourself waxed like the little tart you are," he groaned evilly.  "Gone and gotten it all taken off just to make it easier for me to fuck you."  He knew bloody well he might regret saying all of this out loud, but at the moment his blood was echoing in his ears and his legs were wobbling as he pushed his aching erection inside of his lover and he
Sherlock let out a little gasp and immediately pressed his lips together. Willing himself not to sob, he mashed his mouth into his hand.
But through it all, he couldn't bring himself to blame John. It wasn't John's fault; he just fell in love.
John had been gone for quite some time when the realization came to Sherlock that he should probably try and get a bit of sleep. He didn't want to look bleary-eyed in all of the pictures he was sure to get caught in. His puffy eyes didn't need to get any puffier.
“Perhaps,” says Sherlock, turning the lenses of the microscope absentmindedly.  “What’s special about this one?  You wouldn’t call me if it was business as usual.”
John is quiet for a moment, his expression fading from fond to pained.  The look is gone a second later, but regret lodges in Sherlock’s heart like thorns.  They’ve spoken about Mary, about Sherlock loving John long before they became a couple.  Sherlock had died for John before he’d gone and married Mary.  Two years ago, he would have done anything humanly possible for John Watson.
A beat of silence, two, and Sherlock said, “I am sorry.”  He hated the sentiment, hated how hollow it sounded.  The pins and needles flooding through him whispered of false forgiveness:
, damn it.  He couldn’t ignore the conversation they’d had moments before Sherlock boarded his jet, off to be a hero in Eastern-bloody-Europe.  He couldn’t ignore the
Sherlock’s hands shook as he exited the conversation with Mary and opened a new one.  The contact was unsaved and he took care to delete their every exchange.  In less than a second, he extracted a number from a nook in his Mind Palace and tapped it into the phone.
Sherlock looked up from Toby to ask, “Can you track the signals to their receivers?  We know where the GPS devices are – we need to find the people responding to them.”
The facts are these:  Violet is an orphan, robbed of her parents when, on holiday in the Lake District, a drunk hurtled his truck into theirs on a rain-slick country road.  She was adopted by her uncle, Ralph Smith, who cared for her in place of the children he never had.  When Violet graduated from uni, Uncle Ralph hired her to work in his research lab developing pesticides.  He then boarded a plane bound for America, bent on faffing about on the wrong side of the pond.
Sherlock’s fingers stilled on the strings.  A question rose to the forefront of his mind:  was John aware of his redcap ancestry?  Was Harry?  Neither had any physical traits to reveal their status.  Without his second sight, Sherlock would never have guessed it.
Something in his tone sinks into Sherlock like a fishhook, snagging and dragging him from his musings.  He sets his violin carefully into its case and closes the lid, fingers fumbling, almost numb against the clasps.  How long has he been playing, floating along the chaotic lilt of music?
Before John can reply, Sherlock straightens and rounds on his heel, stalking toward the kitchen.  He rifles through the cupboards, finds a glass and a packet of pills, and returns to the loo with both in hand.  Fills the glass from the tap and hands it to John.
Peter raises his face and regards Sherlock with empty eyes.  He wears a coat, hat, and gloves, but the weather has clearly taken its toll on him.  Purple bruises hang below his eyes and his skin is red and raw from the wind and cold.  His cracked lips part and the words shudder out of him:  “I-is he g-gone?”
The look Lestrade gave Sherlock was less exasperated than it was pitying, and it was with a sickening sense of dread that Sherlock watched him pull away the edge of the tarp.  A grotesque mask came into view – scarcely recognizable as human.  The skin was sodden and pale as the belly of a fish, bloated around the cheeks and neck.  A sopping, matted scruff of hair was plastered over a broad brow.  Calculating for the bloating, Sherlock would have been able to identify the man from the dimensions of his face alone.
“John,” Sherlock said.  “Here only a little while ago.  Nattering on about… the baby.  On the way, wanted me to come along.”
When he reached the landing of 221B, he was panting and shaking with the effort.  He was beginning to regret forgoing the oxycodone – the puckered flesh on his left side was on fire with pain.  Sucking a breath in through his teeth, he stood straight and reached for the doorknob.
Sherlock, backed up against a brick wall, rolls his eyes.  It’s a pity that London’s criminals have devolved to this state: the cardboard clichés of bad crime novels.  It almost makes him wish Moriarty were still kicking.  At least he had been
They move quickly, fumbling through the lingering haze of sleep.  Sherlock kicks away the duvet as John rummages through the nightstand drawer, passes him the tube.  Between the two of them, they manage to ruck up John’s t-shirt and tug the boxers down to his thighs.  John shudders and curses under his breath as Sherlock readies him.  When he’s had enough, he pushes his hips back in wordless entreaty.  They move together; slowly, at first, and then faster, the lazy warmth catching fire and rising into a scorching conflagration.  Sherlock’s fingers bite bruises into John’s hips as he drives forward, stiffens.  Cries out.
It was real:  John was smiling.  Noticing Sherlock’s stare, he put his forefinger to his lips and turned his head.  He seemed unable to repress the grin.
“I hope you don’t mind,” says Charlotte, “that I came to call.  The Detective Inspector said it would be all right.”
“You… you certainly cut to the chase, Mr. Holmes,” she says.  “DI Lestrade didn’t ask about my childhood.”
Perplexed, Sherlock tries to put John from his mind as he turns back to the body.  A futile effort:  he might as well try to banish his heart’s impulse to beat or his eyes’ need for a light by which to see.  The glow of fairy lights and the glare of the NSY vehicle lights make for patchy visibility.
“I’ll tell you, I was pretty surprised to learn the man owned a business,” said Greg affably.  “What was it, medical equipment?”
,” Mycroft said slowly, as though to a dim child.  “This is nothing of the kind.  This is… indolent.  Sloppy.”
Ms. Helens is silent for a few moments, staring down at her small, clenched fists.  Her fingers loosen around the knit cap and pluck at wayward strands of yarn.  “Catherine was the oldest.  Then there was Peter.  I came ten years later – I was a mistake.  At least, Cathy—
“Ye-es,” drawled Sherlock.  “It’s a message for me.  And whoever sent that message is far more interesting than your little government trifles.”
than children’s.  I myself often find them very hard to grasp.”  The emphasis he places on the last four words is delicate, but judging from John’s face, it has not gone unnoticed.
But when Sherlock musters his courage and strips off his glove to hit the “answer” button, the call is disconnected.  The screen goes dark.
“Oh, sweetling, I am sorry,” said the woman holding him.  She shifted him, brought her lips to his brow.  Sherlock shied away from that crimson slash, but she would not be deterred; her mouth pressed to the skin at his hairline once, firmly, and drew back.  Sherlock blinked.  His vision was clear.
And then pain stitching along John’s ribs, ripping through his body.  He couldn’t breathe – each inhale and exhale whistled a crescendo of agony.  Him falling, Sherlock shouting.  A gunshot.  Mary climbing the stairs as the Cessna’s engine roared to life.
“Well,” says Lestrade, mock-considering, “I’m her fiancé, so I think she might love me more.  Just a hunch, though.  Used all my skills as detective inspector to work that one out.”
The bow wobbles in Rosie’s grip, steadies:  a full, syrupy note swells from the strings, cut short by a squeak.  Sherlock smiles.
“He’s not here,” Rosie says, as if that solves everything.  She lifts a piece of toast and takes a messy bite, scattering crumbs.
As if defusing a bomb, John pried open the laptop.  A messenger app was open, displaying a sidebar of mobile phone numbers and a main screen of bubbled texts.  John recognized most of the names on the sidebar – his own among them – but the contact at the top was unnamed.  The number flashed as another chime sounded.  John swept his finger across the mousepad and clicked on the contact.
“I haven’t?”  John mouth quirks into a little half-smile.  “Huh.  Guess I hadn’t realized.  But I—I suppose you’re right.  You don’t need to… just.  Don’t bother.  Forget I asked.”
“Amino…”  John trails off, a preoccupied look coming over his face.  He frowns and sets down his fork.  Touches his throat, coughs.  His breath thins into a reedy rattle.  “Oh. Oh, shit.”
Moriarty turned and cast the halved coat into the pool.  The two pieces floated momentarily, drifting toward each other as if reaching out, trying to mend the tear.  Then the water lapped over them and sucked them into the deep. Moriarty turned back to Sherlock, clapping his hands as if to wipe off dust.
His eyes rove to John and he pauses.  Sherlock realizes, with a jab of indignation, that Seb might not recognize John.  That, during their first meeting, he might have dismissed John as
Three days Sherlock has been confined to the flat, browbeaten by John’s stern orders and gentle hands.  John is determined that Sherlock rest and recover before he can do himself further harm.  Sherlock, hungry for John’s touch – feeling his brow, cautiously peeling back the bandages to check his scratches, lightly prodding his bruises – obeys with uncharacteristic docility.  His natural inclination to rebel is muffled by the daze.
Alexander nodded.  His long, dark fingers wrapped around Rosie’s torso and gently eased her from John’s grip.  Bracing her against his shoulder, he bounced her, one hand cradling the back of her head.  Rosie grinned and babbled.
“Father Willis.”  Sherlock’s voice is a murmur, a warm breath in his ear.  John shivers.  “Come back to replace the votive candle.  He knows Father Mays lit one before he killed him.  His fingerprints are all over the wax.”
Sherlock is grinning now – that wide, uninhibited smile, all wrinkles around the eyes and mouth and about a dozen chins.  “In that case, I’ll take your sleep-talk as proof of a job well-done.”
In a daze, Sherlock pats Rosie’s head and submits to John’s ridiculous questions about the British government to assure him he still has his wits.  John and Rosie may leave one day – they may leave
.  Sherlock’s experiment is finally yielding results.  Options A and B are well underway, and if God is real, C will certainly follow.
“I promise.”  A vow, an oath.  A lifelong pact.  He brushes a tender thumb below the bandage, seeking the pulse at John’s wrist.  “I promise.”
Normally, he would let the call go to voicemail; he’s closing in on the answer like a tiger stalking its prey, crouched amidst the blood cells and waiting as the final piece of the puzzle wanders into the open.  Later, trying to recall what, precisely, made him pick up the phone, he will draw a blank.
now, but nightmares were still his closest bedfellows.  His cries were always muffled, but Sherlock heard them.
“Here we are,” he announced at last.  His gnarled forefinger tapped a line of text.  Sherlock squinted at the faded words.
He was taken to Buckingham Palace.  John arrived in short order, back from Norfolk by way of helicopter.  Standing in the doorway, he lifted his hands in a gesture that perfectly encapsulated:
There is a glimmer of good amidst the news, however.  The charred corpse Oldacre used to frame McFarlane was not human.  Blackened beyond recognition, it had taken forensics time to isolate usable DNA and make the analysis.  Bovine, young - killed and twisted past comprehension by mallet and flame.  Oldacre may be a psychopath, but as of yet, he is not a murderer.
He thought it was a fish, at first.  A shape darted through the water, bone-white, skimming the surface with scarcely a ripple.  Sherlock glanced down and his eyes widened: not a fish.  A hand
The barb glances off Rosie – she’s fluent in Sherlock’s language of snark – and she shuffles into the kitchen.  Sherlock tries to resume playing, but nothing will come to him.  In the kitchen, he hears the refrigerator open, shut.  The tinkle of glassware.  The scent of toasting bread drifts through the air.  After an efficient three minutes, Rosie emerges with a plate of buttered toast and a glass of milk clasped in her small hands.  She wanders to the sofa, sets down her bounty, and climbs onto the cushions.
“Hospital,” John rasps as they are half-led, half-dragged toward a waiting ambulance.  “Needs hospital.  Arm dislocated – maybe broken.”
Later, John wouldn’t be able to recall the time between watching Moriarty’s video and Alexander Grant’s arrival at the flat.  He would remember the knowing smirk on Moriarty’s face as he uttered the name
On a chilly, drizzling Friday evening at a pub in Soho, Sherlock finds himself seated beside John in a state of sour drunkenness.  Lestrade and his cronies are out for drinks after successfully wrapping up a case, and John has invoked his Boyfriend Privileges to force Sherlock to attend.  The Boyfriend Privileges are rigid and unyielding.
“Right after…”  And the words crumbled on Sherlock’s tongue.  He had left the house after lunch, with the midday sun presiding over his journey.  Now, shadows crowded around them.  Beyond the cover of trees, lurid streaks of violet and salmon unfurled in the sky like pennants heralding twilight.
(Greg, no doubt hastily procured at the Pasty Shop and WHSmith at Paddington Station).  Thanking them, John set the flowers and pasty aside, making a mental note to bin the latter the moment they left.  He thumbed through the book while they took seats beside the bed.
“I can look after her,” Alexander offered.  Sherlock and John whirled around to face him; Rosie squalled at the sudden movement.  Alexander smiled in his easy way.  “I want to help, but with this leg…”
“Honestly, I’m happy anyone wants to publish it at all,” John says, lifting his glass.  Sherlock watches as his throat bobs with a swallow.  “It’s all a bit… surreal, still.”
Sherlock reaches across the space between them and touches John’s hand.  “You’re a good father to her.”
Without another word, John pivots and walks out of the alleyway, as easy as a man on a morning stroll.  Sherlock stands stock-still in his wake, blood pumping hot and urgent behind his ears, between his legs.
“Sherlock, wait,” he gasped.  Sherlock tried to pull John back down, but he resisted.  “Right now…”  John chewed on his lip and stared at Sherlock.  Flushed and panting, silver eyes gone coal-dark.  “Right now isn’t a good time.  You aren’t… you aren’t in a good place.”
Anderson, of course, seized upon the lowest hanging fruit.  “Maybe a Fae killed him.  Maybe they didn’t want change, so they silenced him.  This is all pretty weird, innit?  All the blood drained out?  Could be a redcap.”
There is no question of who stumbled upon Sherlock’s secret trove.  Mrs. Hudson knows to stay well away from the sock index.  The last time she invaded with Sherlock’s wardrobe, she blundered into an incubating
“What for?  This hospital is full of people dying, Doctor.  Why don’t you go cry by their bedsides and see what good it does them?”
Molly rests her chin on her hand and smirks.  “Cheeky.  You can’t dis… throw me off so easily.  You’re hiding something.”  She leans forward, her large, brown eyes narrowed.  Sherlock tries to look neutral, but something in his expression must betray him, because her eyes widen.  “Oh.  Oh!”
John surges forward, kisses him hungrily.  Sherlock’s heart races faster, faster, he can barely breathe—
Sherlock shifts closer and noses at the nape of John’s neck.  The smell of sweat is faint, masked by traces of cologne and the lilac body wash John swears reduces stress.  He presses his lips to a jut of vertebrae –
“Oh, John, I’m…”  Mary looked down on the dozing baby’s face, blinking hard.  Her lips pulled into a tremulous smile.  “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you, but when you were… when you were gone, I started thinking up names.  You know, to pass the time, and… well.  It felt like a little secret between the two of us.”  She kissed the top of the baby’s head.  “For so long, it was just us.  Just me and the baby.  I guess I ended up naming her in my mind.”
“I know, love.  I know.” John climbs to his feet and pulls Sherlock into his arms.  Sherlock leans in his seat, rests his head against John’s chest.  The steady
Sherlock rubs the bridge of his nose and winces as the pain in his head migrates to that single point of contact.  “What, nothing to say?”  He tries to make the question a jeer, but his voice sounds fragile to his own ears.  “If you’ve got some villainous plan, do get on with it.  I’ve got a splitting headache.”
“Of course.”  Sherlock had known it in theory, of course, but it is to his great mortification that he failed to see what was literally right in front of his eyes – on his plate, in all its phlegmy glory.  “I was distracted.  By you nearly dying.”
“…sorry about all that.”  John’s voice. Low, murmuring.  Comfort threaded through each syllable like sutures in flesh: a sting, a balm.  Healing.
“Ta very much,” John says as Sherlock sits beside the tub, brandishing his bounty.  His expression turns to mock outrage as Sherlock rips off the plastic wrapping, lifts the lid, and inspects the labels written underneath.  “That’s cheating.”
“Well done,” he says.  Rosie tilts her head, confused, and he elaborates.  “The ice.  That was clever of you.”
“How’s your balance?  Any lightheadedness, nausea?”  John’s eyes are intent in the dim light of the corridor.  It’s potent, being looked at like that.  Dizzying.
From the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw Shan fall to her knees, grasping at the remaining peaches.  A mad light had come into her eyes, rendering them glittering chips of onyx. In the dancing light of the fire, she was transformed: her fingernails lengthened into claws, her skin became bone-white.  Strips of fabric peeled away from her form and coiled around her hunched form like serpents. A howl erupted from her throat as her claws buried into the flesh of the fruits, making juice spurt and dribble to the cobbles.
“Here you are, Cathy,” says Mrs. Hudson, handing me a cup of tea.  I sit back and survey the three.  Sherlock takes his seat again, handing John a cup.  John thanks him and takes a sip, sighing as the steam curls around his face.  Mrs. Hudson sits in the armchair adjacent to mine.
John could not fathom her reasons, but he knew one thing:  the true Mary was the Mary he had seen that night at Baker Street – a reptilian creature, poised to strike.  She was the cold, dead eyes and the sharp teeth.  She was inhuman.
He was brilliant, as usual, but something was not quite right.  At his final deduction, he looked to his side, expectant.
a case it is, with a pair of madmen and a dead woman tucked away in a cottage in the Cornish countryside, with the sky slate gray and the land jutting in peaks and crags and the sea a seething, misty veil in the distance.  A salty breeze plucks at John’s hair, tosses strands across his brow, and Sherlock’s hands itch to smooth them back into place.  He takes to keeping them in his pockets, keeping them in check.
“Might be,” agreed Sherlock.  He looked in the direction of the pointing finger.  With supreme care, he crossed to the other side of the circle and knelt among the debris.  He stood moments later and turned to John, holding a sealed envelope.  The beam of torchlight made the paper gleam like starlight in the gloom.  “John, look.”
“Of the cold?” Sherlock says, looking away from the microscope with a little smile.  “I know you idolize me, John, but even I cannot control the weather.”
“Where are you going?  Who are you seeing?” Sherlock asked, mostly to himself.  John’s left hand curled into a fist at his side.  “Ah.”
A shudder rolls down his arm and a bead of acid tumbles off the pipette tip to chew into the sitting table.
Sherlock takes the chair beside Rosie without comment.  Across from them, Ms. Helens rests her clasped hands on the desk.
The cabbie stares at him a moment longer, then sighs and shifts the car into gear.  As brick facades and snow-dusted awnings drift past, a lead weight of apprehension settles over Sherlock.  When did he last shop for Christmas gifts?  Not in years, surely.  Even in the last four years of John and Rosie’s residency at Baker Street, Sherlock has evaded holiday gift-giving, certain that giving John anything would reveal his true feelings.
of course I do.”  John looks away from the scar.  “I only—I don’t want to ruin this before.  Before it’s properly begun.”
“Why?”  Questions, all the questions, and not a hint of the sarcasm John knows so well – both in dreams and reality.  “Why can’t it be real?”
Mycroft’s expression darkened; he wasn’t accustomed to being granted permission, and he didn’t like it.  Sherlock exchanged a grin with John as his brother continued.  “One of the workers had a copy of the plan.  He was found dead this morning on the Battersea Station tracks.  His head was smashed in.”
A dawning sense of clarity comes over John.  It’s as if he has been comatose for a long time, trapped in a mire between sleep and waking.  But now he’s awake, and he can’t believe he’s been such a bloody fool for so long.
John nodded and tacked “new blankie” onto the ever-growing list of Rosie’s needs.  He reached into the crib and offered Rosie his hand.  Her fingers wrapped around his forefinger, tiny but strong.  She dragged his hand toward her and John obliged with a chuckle.
His fingernails bit further into his palms, drawing a whisper of pain.  Minutes ago, John had called last night a
“I read about her death,” said Sherlock.  Turning, John saw the consulting detective’s face twisted in annoyance.  “Drowned herself.”
hurt her,” John says, his tone like ice.  His fingers curl tightly, almost painfully, around Sherlock’s.  “Not you.  Understand?  Sherlock, you—this is important to me.”
John scanned the street signs and rounded a corner, passing underneath a low, brick skyway.  The street opened into a courtyard encircled by grungy brick facades.  To his right, a vividly blue door came into view.  A large window stood beside it, dark beyond the open blinds.  As John peered inside, he made out the murky shapes of furniture and knick-knacks crowding shelves.  Beyond that, a square outline of light gleamed through the dimness.  He stepped back and tilted his chin; a grey sign hung above door and window.
John’s immune system may be tougher than Sherlock’s, but after a good deal of snogging with a man who nearly took a terminal bath in the Thames, it caves like a house of cards.  John and Sherlock spend the next week with sweats and chills and runny noses, miserable and so, so happy.
John.  Instead, I’m poking around in Mycroft’s government rubbish bin because he couldn’t be bothered to get off his fat arse and do it himself.  Westie was a thief.  He stole Lucy’s coat, stole the Bruce-Partington plans, and got his head smashed in for his troubles.”
Lestrade purses his lips and looks away.  “Not s’well as it should.  Bloke’s completely dis… disap… gone.”  Pressing his knuckles to his mouth, he utters a nasal giggle.
Mary’s lips moved against John’s neck and a jolt ran from the base of his feet to the top of his head.  “I want…”
And then he was levering himself upright and brushing past Sherlock to stagger across the cobblestones.  Sherlock turned, feeling strangely hollow. John made quick work of Sarah’s bonds and bent to croon apologies, assurances.  White noise. Sherlock’s hands dropped into his lap. His thumb brushed the top of his thigh.
But Sherlock is no longer listening; his gaze has caught on something on the banks of the Thames, a dark silhouette against the lights glinting off the churning, murky water.  A police vehicle flashes its lights, illuminating a ridiculous, garish sight:  a red suit and hat, black boots.  A long, white beard.
Second half of the double update.  I apologize that these two are pretty case-heavy, but the next few chapters are more action-packed.  :)
Sherlock yawns and shrugs, as if uncertain.  He tilts his head, curls tumbling back from his brow, and says simply, “She’s alive.  That’s good.”
Sherlock thinks of Charles Porter with his eye put out by a sharpened candy cane.  He thinks of Theresa Goodwin, face pulverized and fingernails ragged from being buried in coal.  Edmund Brown, skin the blue of a robin’s egg and tongue poking out between his lips.  None of these deaths have been
“Sherlock.”  John drops a kiss into his curls.  Shifting lower, he noses the hinge of Sherlock’s jaw and murmurs, “Being with you will be good.  Do you understand?  When it’s wild and exciting and we’ve both got adrenaline shooting out of our ears, it will be good.  When we’re knackered or just waking up, half-asleep, it will be good.  Even when it’s, it’s dull and frankly we’re just doing it because we’re bored and there’s nothing good on the telly, it will be good.”  He draws back and smiles down at Sherlock, cheeky and fond and incandescently happy.  “It will always be good because it’ll be you.”
“Acute myeloid leukemia.”  The words fell through the still air like stones dropping into a well.  “We found it when she was four.  It was… aggressive.  Doctors did all they could, but the cancer moved to her spinal cord and brain.  Couldn’t be stopped.”
The line went dead before Sherlock could get a word in edgewise.  Lowering the phone, he glared at the screen and debated ringing back, but he knew it would be a futile effort.  Alexander acted mild and biddable, but there was a will of steel beneath the façade.
Crossing the room, Sherlock reached for the bag.  The zipper held fast, but came free with a sharp tug.  Pink fuzz caught in its teeth.  He pulled the blanket out of the bag and it fluttered into a pool on the upholstery.  Eyes flicking across the pink expanse, he noted
Pensively, Rosie nods.  She says nothing for a few moments, watching the credits scroll past.  Then, just when Sherlock thinks she’s done asking questions, she says, “Do you love Daddy?”
“This can’t—“ The sofa creaked as he stood, shoving the laptop away so that it clattered against the coffee table.  “This isn’t—This isn’t
“Take him into custody for possession of Class A drugs,” Sherlock rasped, gesturing at Wiggins, “and get us a car.  Quickly!”
John didn’t dignify him with a response.  His eyes roved over the clues scattered across the table, catching here and there, tearing away like a plaster on an oozing cut.  Probably he was embarrassed to be a junkie’s friend.  Or maybe he didn’t like the smell.
And then:  the breeze on his face, blessedly cool and fresh.  Sherlock gags and rolls onto his side.  Blades of grass tickle his cheek and crumple under his palms as he finds his knees, body wracking as he retches.  John’s hands grip his shoulders, easing him onto his back, away from the mess.  His face looms into Sherlock’s view.
They said nothing as they stumbled out onto the pavement, half-leaning on one another for support.  It was all Sherlock could do to keep his eyes open as they walked, lest he lose his footing.
, not since his definition of contentment had been rewritten when John appeared and an emptiness inside Sherlock was discovered and filled in a single stroke.  No, he had been a sad, lonely creature when John walked into Bart’s lab that day.  But at least he had been
“That’s enough,” John snapped.  Without waiting for Sherlock’s response, he stood and stalked toward the doorway, yanking his jacket from its hook in a single, fierce motion.  “I’m going out.”
John’s fury wanes, his expression softening as he hears the words unspoken.  Scrubbing a hand over his brow, he mutters a curse and stops pacing.  With a sigh, he trudges to Sherlock’s bedside and sits on the edge.
Nodding, Sherlock rolls over and reaches for the nightstand drawer.  The tube is cool against his fingers, but when he turns back around, John plucks it from his hand and snaps the cap open.  He hesitates, eyes intent on Sherlock.  Dark and hungry, infinitely deep.
Sherlock leaned back against the sofa cushions.  “Prominent factor of Chinese mythology. Fruits – sometimes gems – that grant immortality.  Su Lin stole them hundreds of years ago, and the Tong have been searching for her ever since.”
The second is that, despite himself, Sherlock has grown rather fond of Rosie.  If he gets John a gift, he has to get one for Rosie as well.  It’s only fair.  Children are notoriously obsessed with
“I hate this!” she bellows.  After wringing squeaks and squeals from the strings akin to the meticulous butchering of a pig, her shouting is the loveliest sound to grace the flat in half an hour.
“Oh!”  Stupid, stupid!  How had he not seen it the moment Alexander entered the flat?  No doubt the morphine was to blame.  If cocaine had been simmering in his veins, he would have known in a flash, would have taken the man’s entire life apart by the scuffs on his leather shoes.
Sorry for the delay!  Real life/trying to plan big changes has gotten in the way, plus I had to fix up the plot a bit.
The deductions crumbled on Sherlock’s tongue.  He stared at John, eyes narrowing as the connection became clear.  Oh.
?” John demanded.  No amount of pressure could stop the blood welling between his fingers and crusting in the creases of his palms.  Pooling in the sand, clotting in the tracks of his boots, washing pink down the drain.  The fetid stink as it ripened under the Afghan sun.
Rosie, engrossed in the microscope, pays them no mind.  John raises his eyebrows.  “I mean you’re dressed to go
John looked up, then.  Sherlock stared back at him, eyes shining.  He had been looking forward to it, John realized – looking forward to helping raise Rosie, to being a part of her life.
There is a moment when he is scrubbing the cuts on his face, and he sees it. Water drips from his face, tinged pink, and swirls down the drain.  He grabs the loofah hanging off the lever and saws at his fingernails, desperate to clean out the blood.  His skin is raw and pink when he staggers out of the stall.
They disembark at Crews Hill and emerge from the platform into a snowcapped, twilit neighborhood, preternaturally quiet and still.  London, like the rest of the United Kingdom, cannot function with a glaze of frost on the streets (aside from the north, and Sherlock, like any self-respecting Southerner, never counts the north).  Terraced houses and high rises sprawl up and down the lanes, draped with thick swathes of snow.  Perhaps the snow is the cause of Enfield’s silence – only the most intrepid will venture outside.
The door clicked shut behind John as he stepped into the entryway.  The stairwell to 221B stood before him, limned by a bar of sunlight shining through the window on the first landing.  Dust motes drifted down to the ground floor.
John says sharply, and Sherlock shuts his mouth with a click.  John’s expression softens.  Squeezing Sherlock’s hands, he interlaces their fingers, drawing close and lowering his voice.  “Don’t talk like that.  Please.”
John’s fingers thread idly through his hair.  “Besides,” he says, “if it hadn’t been so slippery, we wouldn’t’ve had the pleasure of seeing Mycroft fall on his arse.”
“We’ve accounted for two chairs,” said Sherlock.  “At most, there should be four more signals of this kind in the city.  So, four receiving signals.”
empire.  Oh!”  A theatrical little gasp, as though an idea had just come to her.  “Weren’t you just talking about crippling your brother, Sherlock?  How I didn’t do it?”
He’s getting off-track.  John is watching Sherlock with a small smile, head cocked ever so slightly.  Sherlock lifts his chin and looks down his nose at him.  “You’ve nothing to be worried about.”
Sherlock said he hadn’t touched drugs since before the fight with Mary.  John chose to believe him, but that made him no less worried about the detective’s gaunt face and rail-thin body.  Ravaged in body and mind by withdrawal, Sherlock had no appetite to speak of.  When John did coax him to eat, it was with a show of supreme resignation that he took a bite or two.
Sherlock sat motionless as he absorbed Alexander’s words.  The comment he had made about wives and children scant minutes ago came back like a blow.
It takes Sherlock a damning five seconds to take John’s meaning.  He rushes to fill the void of silence gathering between them.  “It’s fine.  It’s, ah… good.  Yes.”
They go on a stakeout, loitering behind a stand of trees in Hyde Park as they await their criminal.  It is a May night, warm and humid from the rain that has lashed the city all day. The park is a muted symphony of quacking ducks and the shushing, incessant slosh of lake water.  John’s eyes are red-rimmed from the lack of sleep. He unscrews the top of his thermos and takes a swig of coffee, wincing as it burns down his throat.  He feels hooked to awareness, pressure building behind his eyes.
“All the same,” John chuckles, “it’s not on to leave children with their godparents without a little warning.”
“Oh, my!” Ms. Stock said, giggling in a manner entirely unsuitable for an eighty-year-old.  “Why on earth are you asking after my legs!  Cheeky little boy!”
“He’s fine,” said Mrs. Hudson hastily.  She paused and chewed on her lower lip.  “Well.  As fine as you can be with a broken leg, but with Sherlock, that’s finer than most.  Getting a bit manic, though.  Can’t dash about on crutches, I suppose, but he does hobble very quickly.  Drives his physiotherapist mad.  I told him – Sherlock, not the therapist – ‘Sherlock, you can’t dash about forever, so maybe you can look at this as a wake-up call,’ but you know him…”
The ruddy man requires a truly moronic amount of time for his vacant gaze to detach from John and alight on Sherlock.  “Wot, this ugly fucker?”
“Oh, hell!” Sherlock snarled.  He stood, dropping the back of the chair so its legs rattled against the platform.  The color drained from the PA’s face.  “There’s nothing here!  This has been an utter waste of time!”
“The killer,” Sherlock gasps.  Still straddling his lap, John shoots him a beleaguered look.  Sherlock pinches the crease of his thigh and John slaps his hand away.  “Just one moment, Lestrade.”
Sherlock, indignation waning, huffs his response.  His thoughts have drifted to Rosie and the practice violin he plans to give her for Christmas.
Sherlock wasted no time.  He swatted Moriarty’s hand aside and slammed the object into his jaw: half punch, half brand.  The stink of burning flesh filled his nostrils, mixing with the smell of chlorine. Iron.  Whatever John had hidden in his pocket was made of iron.
John’s case for Sherlock was not helped by the consulting detective’s long silences and absence from the Watson household.  When Moriarty announced his return -
“God.”  John walks around the table and comes to Sherlock’s side.  He peers at the frying pan, eyebrows climbing.  “Wonders never cease.”
John slips into slumber.  It is a brief respite, cut short by the arrival of the cab.  But while it lasts, it is deep and dreamless and warm.
“You’re wearing them.”  Because John never fails to surprise Sherlock.  Because Sherlock hadn’t thought to look through the rest of his trove, because he had been afraid.
Sherlock isn’t particular about who gets stabbed with a stylet in this scenario, but he would like to avoid any Dahmeresque brain mutilation.  John’s brain is slightly more advanced than a sea slug’s, and besides, he banned Sherlock from drugging him ages ago.
An incessant beeping is ringing through the building, ear-piercingly loud.  Visions dance in front of Sherlock’s eyes:  the black smoke swirling, congealing into a madman with black eyes, sloshing pool water, a woman with blonde hair and blue eyes and a Walther PPK pointed at his heart.  Sherlock screams and thrashes in John’s grip, but John only bellows “Stop fucking
“Understandable,” said Alexander with a nod, “but I’m not a complete stranger, am I?  I’ve known Sherlock for a few months now.”
Hours ago, he had sat on damp tile and watched as Sherlock pointed a gun at a coat loaded with explosives.   Hours ago, they had faced down a madman with eyes of pitch and a soul like a festering wound.
“The Morcar Museum is hosting a gala to celebrate its grand opening,” said Mycroft.  “There are many priceless pieces on display, one of which is a chair of the Mazarin Collection.  You will see it today, if you’re industrious.”
The beam of the torch sweeps to another photograph, and Sherlock is already sick with certainty when it alights on the face of Theresa Goodwin.  She wears a blue knit cap over her short hair and stares into the camera with a shy grin.  Sherlock remembers her ragged, coal-caked fingernails.
According to Lestrade, they had nothing to go on regarding Hope’s killer.  Sherlock gave him a pointed look and the DI rolled his eyes. “Okay, gimme.”
Sherlock uses his free hand to shove the chocolate into his mouth, chewing ponderously.  His fingers are sticky and warm as he selects another candy from the box and presses it into John’s hand.  “Praline.”
“Ah,” Alexander said, “I’m so sorry.  It’s been a while, hasn’t it?  What, a month?  Month and a half?”
“I can say filthier things,” Sherlock says, lowering his voice to a feline rumble.  John’s hands find his waist, snake around to the small of his back, the curve of his arse.  “I can say anything you like.”
“If one had snuck in,” said Harry, each word ploddingly slow, “it would have been seen and reported.  If not by a human, then by the Fair Folk with visas.  That lot can be just as dangerous to them as to us.”  She pinned Anderson with a hard look.  “Have you got any
“Well, I’ve got some tarts to bake,” she said, wiping nonexistent dust from her frock.  “How do I look?”
John sat back abruptly and reached for his jacket, digging into its pocket for his mobile.  “I’ll call 999.  See if we can get you to hospital.”
The front door of the shop flew open and Sherlock Holmes stepped into the sunlight.  His eyes pinned John to the pavement.
Eirene nodded, magnanimous.  “Of course.  I’m sure he’s nimble on his feet.  Aren’t you, sweetling?”
Again, a nod.  John’s mouth is so, so gentle, feathering at his neck, the corner of his mouth, his nose, his lips.  It is all very chaste – without a trace of their usual hunger – but Sherlock is still trembling when John pulls away.  “Can I stay?”
Relieved that the conversation has come to a close, Sherlock keeps walking.  At the north end of the enclosure, the fence opens into a path cloaked in footprint-pocked snow.  The length and breadth of the area is a few acres at least.  Orderly rows of spruce, fir, and pine trees stand in the distance like the sentinels of the nursery. The first glimmers of moonlight angle through breaks in the trees, painting the snow blue.
Sherlock lunged, blind with fury, heedless of the danger.  But Moriarty was quicker, and so was John.  The ensorcelled mazikeen stepped fluidly past Sherlock, seized his coat collar, and swept his legs out from under him with a strong kick.  Sherlock fell to his knees.  The kiss of the blade at his throat made him freeze.
“There aren’t many older students,” she explained.  “So I found out right away that he wasn’t one.  Every day, he would show up just as I left lecture.  Never got close, of course, but he followed me to the Tube station and no further.  Usually.”
?” Sherlock demands.  Pain throbs from his head and ankle as if in mute response, but he doesn’t let it show.  He glowers at John, determined and defiant.
The thought gives Sherlock pause.  Lying on the sofa in 221B, he opens his eyes and skews a look across the room.  John sits in his armchair, pecking diligently at his laptop.  A bandage is affixed to the side of his head, just off the squamous suture.
The last strand of John’s fortitude snaps when, stealing through the shadowy cloister of a little Catholic church in Bristol one night, the creak of an opening door splinters the still air.  Sherlock stops in his inspection of the pews, motionless but for the flick of his thumb as he turns off the torchlight on his mobile phone.  Darkness swamps John’s vision.  He feels Sherlock’s hands on him.
And there:  Donovan stands amidst a cluster of officers, barking orders and gesturing.  On the ground beside the skip, an officer crouches, adjusting his camera to take a picture of Lucy’s face.  A flash, and Sherlock looks away.  He doesn’t want to know how she was killed, how the days and hours and minutes and seconds leading to her death were spent.  The thought makes his knees shake.
“You could have died!” he snarls for roughly the thousandth time since Sherlock woke in hospital.  “You could have had
“Precisely.”  Sherlock twirls the pencil between his fingers.  “Perhaps he can bring you a pair of walkie-talkies.”
“Oh, hello,” Alexander said, his rough voice softening into a croon.  Rosie snuffled as she roused from her nap.  She craned her neck and cooed at Alexander.  Wonderingly, he said, “She’s beautiful.”
John emerges from the mouth of the alleyway and steps into Cotton Bud’s path. He studies the thug for a moment, dismisses him, and flashes a radiant smile at Sherlock.  “Hello, gorgeous.”
The shattered remains of Su Lin’s teapots were bathed in the light, casting jagged shadows against the table.  Peach tea pooled in the wood grain. Sherlock brought one palm into the beam of light and studied the oozing wounds.  Shallow cuts, drenched and sticky-sweet.
“Ah.”  To his credit, John only sounds a bit sheepish.  “Got my test results back, yeah.  All clear.”
John is out shopping, presumably for tea and lasagna ingredients and condoms and those chocolate biscuits Rosie and Sherlock favor.  Sherlock pulls his mobile phone from his pocket.
“I’m saying I’d like… to have some kind of relationship.  With you.”  I fight not to cringe.  God, Sherlock had it on the nose about my babbling and anxiety.  “I would like to get to know you.”
At a huff near his shoulder, Sherlock turned to find John standing beside him.  His smile was unimpressed.
“Christ, but I’m sure you will.”  Drawing back, John shakes his head.  “Right.  I’ve—I’ve got to go check on Rosie.”
“John!” Sherlock shouts, a second too late.  Woodley throws up his free arm, fending off another punch.  He scrabbles John’s arm aside, lifts the blade, and plunges it toward John’s neck.
You may have noticed that I've changed the spelling from "fey" to "Fae."  Apologies for the inconsistencies, but I'll stick to this one from here on out.
It is a chasm of a voice, deep and shrouded in shadow, and John is trapped in the deepest pit, besieged on all sides by the jagged rocks pressing in. Waking is like clawing himself out, bloodying hands and feet as he climbs toward the light.  His eyes flutter open, and a pale phantom of a face coalesces from the gloom.
John and Elise stare at him with wide eyes for a beat.  Then Elise grins.  “God, that’s very clever, isn’t it?  John told me you were brilliant, but I thought that was just a bit of a crush.”
John takes his time in the wandering.  When he is satisfied with his work on Sherlock’s collarbones, he drifts lower, sealing his mouth over a nipple and teasing the nubbed flesh with teeth and tongue.  Sherlock can do little else but shake and shake, grasping John’s shoulders.  The starburst of John’s scar is rough against his fingers.  John moves from one nipple to the other, paying each their due attention.  When he is done, he pauses at the bullet scar.
The following day, Sherlock got in touch with a hacker by the name of Craig Everill.  He had met Craig while investigating the robbery of a prominent security vault which – for annoying, Mycroft-related reasons – John was not allowed to immortalize on his blog.  A wealthy socialite’s antique jewelry had been stolen, and although Sherlock hadn’t given a fig about whether the woman had one less set of pearls to clutch, he
Mrs. Hudson hums.  From the kitchen, a low warble rises into a keen as the kettle begins to boil.  The landlady stands without comment and bustles out to attend to it.  I can only wait, chewing on my impatience.  She returns a minute later with a bright smile.
Rosie can’t even reach the top shelf of Sherlock’s drawer, much less root around for lace knickers.  If she
“Ah.”  Sherlock picks at a nonexistent crumb on the sofa.  He wishes John were here to explain love to Rosie – it’s an untrodden path to him, loose footboards on a fraying rope bridge.  “Well.  I suppose it means love comes from unexpected places.”
Sherlock twists around in his seat to see Sebastian Wilkes standing nearby, a glamorous redhead draped across his arm.  Seb’s lip curls as he approaches with the redhead in tow.  “It is!  How long’s it been, buddy?  And…”
“Would you like a cup of tea, Mr. Grant?” Mrs. Hudson said, beaming at Mr. Grant.  If Sherlock hadn’t been speaking with her earlier, he would have suspected her herbal soothers were at play.
Mary tore her gaze away from the baby and looked at John, eyes wide.  She veiled her expression an instant later, but not quickly enough to escape John’s notice.  His heart clenched; he may as well have slapped her.
“Well.”  He pursed his lips.  John studied him, but beyond firm resolve, he could see no hint that Sherlock regretted what he’d done.  “That’s the first step.  Moving my lab equipment to a safer place will take more time, but I hope you can appreciate the gesture.”
Uncertainty flashed across Wiggins’ face.  “S’not… s’not so easy.  Got in with these people by mistake.  Now I can’t get out.  Your brother hasn’t tracked ‘em down yet.”
They lapse into silence for a moment.  Then, still a little baffled, Sherlock ventures, “So… friends with benefits.”
John’s answering smile is fleeting.  “And for the record, my feelings about Mary are… complicated, but I’m.  I’m not mourning her.”  John’s lips thin, gaze turning inward.
John laughs weakly when Sherlock returns, their mop bucket in one hand and a sleeve of Delser Crackers in the other.  In the crook of his arm, Sherlock has tucked a bottle of ginger ale.  He sets down the bucket beside the bed, sets the bottle on the nightstand, and rips open the sleeve of crackers with his teeth.
Sherlock opens his eyes.  Morning light streams through the window and pools across the ceiling, washing the damask-printed walls pale.  He stretches long and languid, hips twisting and arms thrown over his head.  He yawns so powerfully the hinge of his jaw creaks.
Jeanette broke up with him.  His boring teacher of a girlfriend broke up with him.  Now, instead of having a beautiful woman bouncing on his cock, John is frustrated and alone.
“I have a contact at the Yard,” says Sherlock.  He wants her to leave – leave and take the plague of memories with her. The longer she stays, the longer they burrow into him, spreading their poison to the marrow of his bones.  “I’ll give him your information.  He can help you.”
“Oh, lovey,” Mary murmured.  “Oh, my sweet one.  There’s a girl.”  Rosie cooed sleepily and Mary chuckled.  “It’s just you and me right now.”  A hush followed.  “You and I on our own.  Just like before.”
The needle buried still deeper; John’s fingers wound into fists at his sides, unwound with a forceful breath.  “I’m not.  Even if…  Well, I’m not worried.  I know you would be careful.”  God, but it was hard to speak freely with Sherlock, even when he knew it was allowed.  Encouraged, even.  “I know you would do that for me.  If… if I asked.”
But this – this is different.  This is a hand on the small of his back as Sherlock guides him through the chaos of a crime scene, claiming John will tread on delicate evidence otherwise.  This is Sherlock crowding against John whilst undercover at a nightclub, lingering just long enough for John to feel the press of lean muscles under clinging clothes.  This is Sherlock leaning against him in the close darkness of a cab, boneless and warm, sighing with the contentment of a case well-solved.
Sherlock nodded wordlessly to the table beneath the cow skull, where a second cup sat on a saucer.  John picked up the cup and took a sip – earl grey with a hint of lemon.  Soothed by the taste and with warmth seeping through his bones, he sighed.   “You’re a marvel.”
“That’s mad, you know.”  John shook his head, but one corner of his mouth lifted in a smile.  For an instant, he looked younger – almost mischievous. Sherlock had an impression of John as a boy, all skinned knees and tousled hair and wild abandon.  Then John set his jaw and the smile vanished.  He scooped the crumbs into his open palm and rose to his feet.  “Besides, Harry’s teeth would be no good.  Probably eroded from all the drink and bile.”
“Of course.”  Mycroft picked a speck off his trouser leg.  “The M.O.D.’s Fae division is working on new glamour-penetrating equipment and iron-based defenses.  The Bruce-Partington plans.  Preventative measures.”
He took the mobile, deductions tumbling through his mind. Scuff marks around the edge of the power connection.  Drunk, shaking hands.  A cousin—no, a brother.  Obvious.
Violet draws a slow breath and continues.  She had been a month in Carruthers’s employ when his business partner, Mr. Woodley, arrived at the house.  “He unnerved me.  Always getting a little too close, always finding excuses to touch me.  Casual touches, of course, but…”  She shivers.  “…they lingered.
He fell silent, eyes tracking a flicker of movement.  As it slowed, it resolved into a bright, red dot, dancing down the wall and skittering across the floor.  It skated a straight line toward Sherlock, climbed up his legs, and centered on his chest.
and boxing smoldering through his muscles, Sherlock twists his wrists, disarming Peter and snatching his weapon in a single, fluid motion.  His hands, expecting the wooden grain of a baseball bat, almost slip as they grasp smooth plastic.  He fumbles along the heft, finds a button.  Torchlight blooms in the darkness, sweeping its beam in a spiraling path across the ceiling.
“Of course,” says Sherlock.  He tries to sound testy – John knows he hates repeating himself – but it’s a pitiful effort.  “It looks very… nice.”
He retreats to his bedroom to change into sweatpants, a t-shirt, and a navy-blue dressing gown.  As he emerges into the sitting room, his violin case – resting on the table below the cow skull – catches his eye.  Flipping through sheet music in his Mind Palace, he strides across the room, collects the case, and backtracks to the stairwell.
As they came down, John managed a few feeble thrusts, testing the limits of his sensitivity before slipping out and nudging Sherlock’s legs off him.  Laying down beside him, John drank in the sound of their mingled breathing in the dim room, the heady scent of sex.  It filled him with a sense of security and bone-deep lassitude.
“Then stop boring me with your moaning and see about having Ms. Goodwin transported to Bart’s morgue.  I can’t gather all the data I need out here.”
Sherlock did not so much as twitch.  Why was John knocking?  He had a key.  Why didn’t he just – come in?
“You heard me.  Hard as you can.  I won’t break, I swear.”  His hand leaves Sherlock’s arse to palm his own prick, still clothed but valiantly tenting his trousers.  With a little gasp hissing between his teeth, he says, “Yeah?”
“Oh, forgive me!” John hollers.  “I can’t believe I got such a crucial detail wrong!  I’m sorry, Sherlock, I’m completely overreacting!”
The drive from St. Mary’s Hospital to Baker Street was a short one, but John couldn’t divert himself long enough to stop the nerves jangling beneath his skin, the stress curdling in his stomach.  He shifted in his seat and pain clawed at his side; he dug in his pocket for the bottle of oxycodone he’d been prescribed.  He stared at the label, debating whether or not to wait.  Did Sherlock keep drinks at the flat – whisky, wine?
I have no Beta or Britpicker, so if you spot any mistakes, let me know and I can correct them.  Thanks! :)
for scarcely two days before Lucy Ferrier missed a scheduled meeting with them.  She had planned to introduce them to her boyfriend, Jeff.  Sherlock and John had been waiting for an hour with no word from her when a knock thundered against the door of 221B.
“I must get that in writing,” Sherlock muses sleepily.  He nestles into John’s side, throwing an arm across his torso. “For the next time you start whinging about my experiments.”
“It’s okay,” Catherine croons.  Rosie sobs and the knife flashes closer, closer to her cheek.  “Sshh, pet.  Don’t want to cut up your pretty little face.”
– sets Sherlock’s heart to pounding and his blood rushing to his groin.  He shifts from foot to foot, wishing for the concealment of his coat.  He isn’t hard, not yet, but if John keeps using
“Unlikely,” called Sherlock from the kitchen.  “At that age, an infant’s smile is more likely to be due to gas than happiness.”
When the nurse was called out to attend to another patient, John steeled himself and looked at his chart.
If Sherlock is giving gifts, he may as well get something for himself.  And, if his deductions about John are correct, he won’t be the only one to reap the benefits.
Ms. Helens scrutinizes Sherlock like she might a tiger in the zoo – intrigued, but all-too aware of the claws beyond the glass.  “He wanted to know where my brother worked and where he received care.  He had trouble keeping a job, but I told the Detective Inspector the most recent places he’d worked.  And Catherine looks…”  She trails off as her fingers curl tightly in the knit cap.  “…Catherine looked after him.”
John stiffens, and before he can react, before Sherlock can catch the look reflected in the mirror, he whirls around and stumbles down the stairs.
Sherlock stares at Catherine, dumbfounded.  He’d thought her dead.  He certainly hadn’t thought her a potential suspect in the case.  It makes no sense.  The killer…
This would be a perfectly reasonable arrangement if not for three things.  The first is that, by some wizardly yet unknown to him, he has become John Watson’s lover – and if he wants to remain that way, which he very much does, he needs to start charming John outside the bedroom (or the broom cupboard, if you prefer).  Flowers, chocolates, all that rot.
“I’m not,” Anderson cut in hastily.  “Anyway, s’not like Edwards is an expert on the Fair Folk.  Just because she’s a mongrel…”
valuable, not by a long shot – something in Sherlock’s chest hurts when he finds a hairline crack spidering through the wooden grain near the tip.  He drifts toward the dining table, sets down the bow, and sits in John’s vacated chair.
For a moment, standing together in a haze of rosemary and lavender, watching the candle flames flicker like streetlamps on a misty night, John does not react.  Then recognition sparks in his eyes.
John glances back at Sherlock, who drops his gaze to his clasped hands.  The rumble of an approaching bus encroaches on their bubble of conversation.  They climb aboard and find seats in a rear corner.  Sherlock sits beside the window with John at his side.  Rosie sits at the end of their little line and continues to rattle off the fantastic details of Sammy’s flat.  As she talks, John slips his hand between himself and Sherlock, nudging his thigh with an inquisitive knuckle.  Sherlock shifts and lowers his hand to clasp John’s.
John changed his angle for a deeper thrust and Sherlock threw his head back, the line of his neck taut.  The muscles in his arm bunched as he slipped a hand between them to stroke his cock.  His teeth dug into his lower lip; John wanted to steal the cries from those lips, hoard them for himself.  But his body had other ideas – already he could feel the end approaching, tension coiling in the base of his spine and hunkering down low.
Sherlock raises his eyebrows.  “And you didn’t think that might be suspicious?  A lucrative job offer without a hint of competition?  A speedy hire?”
Sherlock’s lips curved in a sardonic smile.  “John, when have I ever been in a ‘good place?’  When have
– a call.  As a part of his disguise, Sherlock needed to look roughed up.  It seemed perfectly sensible to have John do the honors, but John refused.
Somehow, between taking McFarlane’s call and meeting the lawyer in custody – a young, whey-faced man, aglow with potential and terrified of the axe hanging over his head – Sherlock’s misgivings had calcified into conviction.  McFarlane couldn’t be guilty.  It was an impossible deduction, completely unfounded.  And it had to be true.
A mischievous glint flickers in John’s eyes, doused an instant later as a familiar voice encroaches in their space.  “Oi, Sherlock!  John!”
“Yes.”  The Great Tower rears high above them, old and grand.  “The Helens were children when they invented the idea of the Winter Palace – no doubt inspired by the castle that overshadowed their lives.  If Charlotte was correct in assuming that Peter has been off his meds for a long time, it would make sense for him to supplant one castle for another.”
“Well,” he said, voice thin, “I suppose I’d better tell Mycroft we’ll be late.”  He retrieved his mobile phone and unlocked the screen.  Speaking as though to himself, but leaving no room for John to mishear, he added, “And I can find something… suitable.  For the gala.”
Sherlock tries to affect a wry tone.  “Bit of a predicament.  I quite like my parts the way they are.”
“Oh,” Mr. Holmes shrugs, as if we are discussing the weather, “she was many things.  Assassin, super-agent, nurse, cat lover… the list goes on.”  He pauses and looks to John. “May I?”
John drew back, his hand slipping away from Sherlock’s.  He cleared his throat.  “Well.  Your hand will be all right, I think – cut wasn’t too deep.  You got lucky, though.”  A brittle laugh.  “Try not to grab any more knives, yeah?”
“I can see you, you know,” she said, her voice barely louder than a sigh.  “Come here. If I am going to tell this story, I would prefer to tell it only once.”
Sherlock kisses him again, savoring his reddened lips, his bitter taste.  His breathing is ragged when they break apart.  John rests his forehead against Sherlock’s with a long exhalation.
At least, he thought it was a vagrant.  With rumpled clothes and matted, dishwater blonde hair, the strands clinging to its grubby brow, it looked like it could be nothing else.  As Sherlock blinked down, puzzled, the vagrant lifted its head and looked at him with watery blue eyes.
John moved quickly to evade his creeping doubts.  In the sitting room, he located Rosie’s baby bag and stocked it with food, nappies, and wipes.  He hesitated for a moment, then folded the pilled baby blanket into the bag as well.  He picked up Rosie’s pink bunny coat and carrier on the way to her room.  As he prodded Rosie from her nap and dressed the surly infant, his mind wandered to the name at the address.
Clamping his teeth together, Sherlock gives another frantic nod.  John’s hand moves down, curling around Sherlock’s hand curled around his cock.  Sherlock bucks into their joined grip.  He wants to move
His voice trails off as his hand moves closer, closer.  John hisses between his teeth and drops a hand under the table to grip Sherlock’s, hips rocking forward.  Sherlock is giddily pleased that they chose long tablecloths for the reception.
It would never be all right.  Mycroft might have been an entitled bastard, but he had been Sherlock’s brother.  And now he was dead.  The grief of his loss couldn’t be taken away – but, given time, it could be carried.
Mycroft would say.  But he, too, felt the press of that ethereal hand.  He kept quiet about it; kept the knowledge close, wary of how others might view it.  He was weird enough as it was.  He wasn’t inclined to pour fuel on that particular fire.
“Yes,” Sherlock blurts out.  He drags John into a fierce kiss, claiming the protest on his lips before it can take shape.  John kisses him back, twining his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and tilting his head to slant their mouths together.  Moments spin past, heady but brief, before John pulls away.
Sherlock shifts from foot to foot, skewing his gaze to a far corner of the room.  “I only saw the one.”
John comes out of the ordeal with both his life and a healthy respect for the horrors of oysters.  Once the panic has passed, Sherlock finds he has rather mixed feelings.  On the one hand, he knows John will never again subject him to the snotty monstrosities.  On the other, he can’t help but feel a bit… betrayed.  Oysters and sea slugs share the same phylum.  It’s as if his own research has turned on him, one family bent on vengeance for the death of another.  Instead of spending the night shagging, Sherlock is sitting beside John in a dingy A&E outpatient room, offering his exhausted boyfriend water from a Styrofoam cup while his arse grows numb on a hard chair.
“Yeah.”  John stood in the kitchen doorway, beyond the wall of chemical equipment littering the table.  His posture was rigid.  Sherlock couldn’t see his hands, but he could imagine them with perfect clarity:  restless at his sides, fingers curling and uncurling.
“Yeah.”  John pulled his fingers out and gripped himself, sighing a little with the pressure of it.  As he pressed close, Sherlock lifted a foot, seeking purchase.  John wound his arm around Sherlock’s thigh and lifted until he felt Sherlock’s heel rub the small of his back.  Sherlock’s hips tilted as he braced his weight on his back and lifted his other foot, locking his ankles together.  He settled his arms along John’s shoulders and scrabbled at his back, fingernails scraping sparks down his spine.
“I…”  Sherlock trails off, suddenly parched.  He takes a steaming gulp of tea, winces as his throat smarts.  “I might be,” he rasps.
John takes the seat across from him and rests his own elbows on the table, mirroring Sherlock’s posture.  “You can’t fix everything, you know.”
As the car drifted down the street, Sherlock stood as if his feet were embedded in the pavement, fists clenched at his sides.  He stood for a few minutes, aware of sidelong glances, curious stares.  Well.  He
The moment splinters.  Sherlock nods.  “Yes. Well, I’m—I’m going to.”  He gestures toward the corridor, toward his bedroom.
,” said Sherlock, “when James Winter shot you.  I saw when your heart stopped on the way to hospital, and the time after that, and when they cut you open because your lung had collapsed and your body was starving without the air.  I saw when you married Mary.  I saw when Jim Moriarty threatened to have you killed unless I killed myself first.”
John throws up his hands, the rotted timbers of his temper collapsing under an avalanche of fury.  “Oh, for fuck’s sake, what do you want?  A bloody medal?  Congratulations, Sherlock, you’ve left us all in the dust again!  Is that what you want to hear?”
A smile twisted Alexander’s mouth.  “She hated it.  She couldn’t stand boredom.  She always had to be moving, always in the field.  When she got pregnant, I didn’t know if she would want to keep it.  But she saw that I wanted it, and I think… I think she was curious.  She acted like being pregnant was some kind of experiment.  I think she was more surprised than anyone by how much she loved Effie.”  His voice cracked on the word
In the meantime, Sherlock and John turned their attention to the address furthest afield.  A wealthy, retired couple in Bray had purchased a chair for their personal collection.  John very practically suggested they phone to save time, but it was all for naught; the moment Ms. Stock answered the phone, Sherlock knew he would have to go and see the chair himself.
self.”  Ms. Helens’ gaze is turned inward, blank.  “I knew that was how he really was, but at the same time, it was like I didn’t know him at all.  Like I was living with a complete stranger.”
Biting back a whimper, Sherlock nods.  John’s hand falls away from his mouth and roams down Sherlock’s neck, past his chest, and over his stomach before stopping just shy of his aching prick.
Sherlock Holmes' teeth were small and white and slightly askew, but they didn't protrude and they fit his face nicely. Right now they were being ground together inside of his mouth. He could feel them, tiny peaks and valleys rumbling and sliding against each other, casting sparks like flint against steel. Cold. Metallic. His jaw, riveted to the rest of his face. Aluminum and iron, nickel and tin.
Sherlock's chest jumped in amusement, a short exhale of breath.  "I like being admired by people who matter."
He was being shipped away and for all intents and purposes, executed for being selfless. It wasn't fair.
"If they're such good friends," he asked Mary before he could think better of it, "why does he barely even mention him?"
Sherlock knew the lines on John's lovely face by heart; if given a blank outline of John's head and a fine point marker, he could fill them all in from memory depending on what expression they were making. This of course included the line of his lips, right
John's plate, which had been hovering near his mouth this whole time, slowly sank back down into his lap, punctured toast and all.
"I love you too," someone had taken up residence in the back of Sherlock's throat and was speaking for him.  Thank God for hydrocodone, because Sherlock was quite aware that without it, this might not have happened.  He certainly wasn't adept at sharing his feelings, but he saw now that when all the variables met certain criteria, it could have its benefits.
Sherlock would teach John to waltz, to hold another person close and dance with her on his wedding day. He knew it wasn't entirely
The tub is filled now, so he shuts off the faucet.  John is surprised to note that Sherlock has added bubble bath to the water.  A small mountain of foamy bubbles floats serenely on top of the water, crackling softly in the hazy heat of the bathroom.  How silly and frivolous it seems, given the day they'd had.  Come to think of it, John hadn't even known they had bubble bath in the flat.  It's a bit endearing and unexpected.
Perhaps that's why the few days in hospital had been so difficult for him, John thought.  It was much harder to manipulate strangers from a hospital bed, whereas when he was dealing with John, Sherlock knew exactly which buttons to push.  It was the argument John used when Sherlock begged to be let home, but of course he had lost that as well.
Sherlock watches the pair with a sense of disquiet.  He looks to John, seeking the understanding he knows he will find - and find it he does.  John's eyes are dark, lips drawn into a thin line.  A pattern takes place: a path paved in the lives of the weak, the small.  The victimized.  A path well-trodden by those who feel entitled to take and take without a thought for the consequences.  It began with Lucy Ferrier, continued with Violet Smith, and now ends with Hector McFarlane and his mum, Ella.
John swears this is a phase and it will pass.  Sherlock sincerely hopes he’s right.  If Rosie threatens to asphyxiate herself every time she wants something, she’s going to grow into a very entitled woman.
Sherlock hobbles up the stairs with one hand clutching the bannister.  John follows.  When his hand slides on the bannister, he notes a brownish-red crust beneath his fingernails.  His heart lurches – just that moment, just that lurch.  Then the rhythm is restored.  He is a metronome of denial.
Sherlock gives in and covers John’s hands with his own, thumbs kneading over taut knuckles.  He can find nothing to say.  His own fear is cavernous within him, making a morsel of his composure.
“Mary?” Alexander echoed.  “That was her middle name.  She went by Rose.  How did you know that?”  Something in his eyes sharpened as John searched for words.  “Your daughter.  Her name is
John flicks his eyes up from the screen and holds Sherlock’s gaze.  “Call it whatever you like, love.  But I’m taking you out tonight, so don’t start any experiments after noon, all right?”
John doesn’t know how to feel.  Magnussen’s death is nothing beside the shock of Mary’s identity.  That knowledge sits on the edge of awareness like a rotting carcass gathering flies.  Each reminder is a fresh wave of nausea.
“He’s my husband,” says Sherlock, proud as can be.  “And you’ve got it wrong, actually.  My name is Sherlock Watson-Holmes.”
“You were estranged from your siblings,” Sherlock says.  He doesn’t feel sorry for Catherine’s death, not in the least.  Not after she threatened Rosie.  “Children of an abusive parent should band together – it helps them cope, gives them an ally.  Why didn’t you?”
John’s hand closes around his upper arm, and, with an excuse any sober man would consider paltry, drags him away from the refreshments table.  Lestrade boos and Molly squeals with laughter as John leads him out of the office space.  The glare of red lights and the sounds of holiday music and merriment fade as they escape.
They say little in the passing minutes, abandoning words for an older language, a language of questing hands and hungry mouths and arching spines.  Sherlock is very nearly overwhelmed by the sheer amount to explore; his mouth moves from the thrum of John’s jugular to taste the hollow of his throat, the edge of his shoulder.  Fingers shaking, John unbuttons his shirt and shrugs it off.  The old wound on his shoulder emerges in a violent sunburst of scar tissue.  Sherlock feathers his fingers over the taut, shining flesh.
The Father Christmas Killer halts and turns.  Under the hideous concealment of his withered, pit-eyed mask, Sherlock feels a gaze as vacant and unfeeling as a corpse’s settle on him.  Then, as though brushing off a fly, the killer raises the bat and swings.
“Right,” said John.  Mary’s brow knitted, but she only pressed her mouth softly to his.  John felt their lips touch on a distant level, as if he was an automaton sheathed in human skin.  As he stepped around her to retreat to the bedroom, he glimpsed Rosie’s cot and faltered.  “She…”
John raked his eyes over Sherlock and startled at the spatter of crimson staining his white button-up shirt.  Releasing Sherlock’s elbows, John ran his palms over his chest, panic engulfing him.
Sherlock steps away from the corpse to let Donovan take over.  He moves to stand before John, a smile playing about his mouth.  John’s eyes dart to his lips and he mirrors the smile.  His lower lip catches under his teeth.  Raising a hand, he rubs the back of his neck, moving the collar of his button-up just enough so the corner of a bruise peeks out.
The daze is of mixed wonderment and disbelief, like a mingling fog of two strong scents:  the sweetness of cinnamon and burnt sugar paired with fetid swamp water.  And still, days after being submerged in it, Sherlock is no closer to wandering out than he was at the start.  He bumbles from amazement to confusion to doubt to terror and circles back again.
Mrs. Hudson tugs him down into an embrace.  Her arms are thin and reedy around him, fragile and so, so strong.  “John will take care of you.”
At the sight of his brother, Sherlock was hard-pressed to keep his composure.  Mycroft looked like he had aged ten years since their last meeting.  His features were drawn and his hands quaked on the crook of his umbrella.  Dark shadows hung under his eyes.  His stare was devoid of the smug gleam Sherlock knew so well.
John shrugged, his half-lidded stare resting on the shopkeeper’s red face.  “Why put a rare stone in a set of chairs?  They’re only furniture.  This Count could have made jewelry, I don’t know, for his wife or whoever he was carrying on with.  Something romantic.  People don’t put much emotional stock in chairs.”
Terror washed over Sherlock as understanding dawned.  It welled in his voice, bubbled out in a quaver. “Stop.  Stop this now.”
Something about the DI’s certainty nettled Sherlock.  It wasn’t smugness, not exactly – Ferguson knew what he was about. No, it was that insidious strain of
Winter picked up the menu with an offhand manner.  “Speaking of keeping tabs on people, I followed the Sylvius case until the police were done with him.  Nothing to report.  It was all very neat and tidy.”
Sherlock didn’t know what to say.  He raised his hand and looked at his improvised weapon – the object he’d had no time to consider, too consumed by the fight.  His mind, sluggish with incomprehension, was slow to process it. When he finally understood, a bolt of shock struck him to the core.
“The chair at Garrideb’s shop had smooth legs.  These are warped.”  Sherlock tilted the chair so it rested on its back legs with the splat braced against the wall.  He prodded the bottom of one leg, shook his head, and prodded the other.  A smile lit up his face as the bottom of the leg detached and clinked against the floor.  Sherlock lifted his hand, brandishing the object that had fallen into his palm:  a metallic square.
I have no Beta or Britpicker, so if you spot mistakes, please let me know and I can correct them.  :)
He blinks with heavy, slow lids.  A cocoon of heat encases him, coaxing him back towards sleep like a sigh.  He shifts to make himself more comfortable and feels something slip from his shoulders to puddle in his lap.  A blanket.
It is only when the front door to 221 shuts and the motorbike roars to life outside that John speaks.  “Sherlock.”
“Another thing,” said Mycroft, and something in his tone hooked Sherlock, held him motionless on the pavement while his brother squinted against the weak, gray sunlight.  “About Mary Watson.”
At the sound of her voice, Alexander made a choked noise and covered his mouth.  John felt another stab of pity for the big man.
John wore the necklace whenever he went out, concealed under layers of jumpers and coats, unnoticeable unless you were looking for it.  Sherlock was always looking.
John searched the gallery, pulse thumping like a drumbeat in his ears, jaw clenched to the point of pain.
The cab slows to a halt and John pays the fare without a word.  Opening the door, he crosses around the end of the cab and opens the door for Sherlock.  He offers a hand and Sherlock takes it, rocking back on his heels as his low blood pressure fails to accommodate the sudden motion.  John winds an arm around his waist and leads him to the door of 221, into the front corridor, and up the stairs.  With each step, Sherlock feels his energy ebb, like air leaking from a punctured balloon.  Wheezing and squealing as he crumples.
“Anything?” John asks, glancing at Sherlock and then out the window.  The warm, cozy light of the kitchen halos him in an orange glow, limns his silvery hair with honeyed gold.  Sherlock shoves his hands into his pockets, feels the evidence bag crinkle against his fingertips.
John stares at him steadily and the prickle sharpens into a jab.  Sherlock knows the proper response to give, but he doesn’t know if he can give it with sincerity.  He tries anyway.  “I—I got carried away.  Apologies.”
John may be small, but he’s surprisingly strong, and he levers Sherlock to his feet with a little grunt of effort.  Sherlock stumbles, draping himself over John as they stagger to the loo.
Sherlock bared his teeth, half-way between a snarl and a grin.  “Did you visit simply to nag me about my personal life or did you have something meaningful to say?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes and tries to coax John into a third kiss, mind already casting about for alternatives – bolt holes, someplace deserted, out of sight. But John is resolute, cold hands slipping from Sherlock’s neck.  “I really have got to go.”
The corridor opened into a white-walled gallery.  Sections of raised floor displayed desks, chairs, side-tables, and more.  Sherlock mentally catalogued Chippendale side-tables, Paul Storr tureens, Regency desks, and even a Qing Period jar.  Ms. Brackwell was certainly prolific, but she had no concept of specialty.
Sherlock’s memories are a tangled welter after the icicle fell:  Rosie, stumbling across the room with tears and blood streaming down her face as John lowered his gun and sprinted toward her; Peter wailing, screaming his sister’s name; Sherlock bolting toward John and Rosie like a man breaking free of a tomb of ice – frozen and then
Sherlock startled – not because he had been caught, but because he knew the voice. He whirled around and found himself staring down at Harriet Watson, all kitted up in the blue forensics uniform.
Whatever the reason, Sherlock slides his finger under the flap of the envelope, tears it open.  Feels his heart stutter as the edge of a photograph is revealed.  With shaking hands, he fumbles the picture out of the envelope.  He feels as though his very blood has turned to ice.
Mrs. Hudson shrugged.  “Oh, I don’t know.  He doesn’t say much, you know.  Which is fine, only I couldn’t get much of a read on him. However...”  Her brow knitted.  “I caught a glimpse of him when he thought nobody was looking, and.  Well.  He looked very sad.”
(Sherlock consoles himself with the fact that he wasn’t playing Tchaikovsky, at the very least.  If he ever catches himself playing Swan Lake whilst languishing for lack of John’s love, he
go, you have to take it easy.  If you feel up to casework, fine, but no running off after murderers by yourself.  Understood?”
“Sleep in my room tonight,” says Sherlock.  John blinks at the non-sequitur.  Uncertainty clots in Sherlock’s chest, but he forges onward.  “Your mattress is ancient; you’ve been having trouble sleeping on it for the last year, at least.  Honestly, John, you really should sleep in my bed every night.”
“Could be Nathan Garrideb’s,” Sherlock said.  He stood and moved the torchlight, revealing a dark trail winding through the chaos.  It meandered into the back room of the shop and was swallowed by encroaching shadows.  Sherlock followed the trail, picking his way through the debris with care, and John followed.
Sherlock pulled his hand back, an excuse burning at the back of his throat. But John was quicker.  His hands darted out, seizing Sherlock’s in one and the necklace in the other.  Sherlock froze, and John lifted the necklace of rowan berries, fingertips skirting along the puckered line on his palm.  The bandages had come off days ago, and while John declared the cut to be “healing well,” Sherlock suspected he would carry this scar for the rest of his life. Fairies were uncompromising like that.
“Ah.”  Alexander looked down, fingers digging into the grooves of his kneecaps.  An unpleasant suspicion turned Sherlock’s stomach.  Clearing his throat, Alexander continued.  “My wife has been dead for the last four years, Mr. Holmes.  Right after Effie passed.  She… she couldn’t take the grief of it.”
“Wait,” John says against Sherlock’s lips.  He shifts back just enough to undo the buttons of his shirt and shrug it off, toss it to the floor in a puddle of fabric.  The position of his legs makes it difficult to pull down his trousers, but with a bit of squirming, he’s able to extricate himself and kick them off.  The air is cool on his skin as Sherlock drags down his pants and pauses, eyes raking over him.  John checks an urge to cover his scar and shrugs, smiling wanly.  “Well.”
