“Not really,” he admitted.
"An idea," John repeated. He shifted and lay on his back too. "I guess it's all right, if you want to . . ."
As Lestrade got up to leave, he quickly asked, “So have you called him?”
She complained about her wasted skills, and it sounded like this was not the first time they’d had this conversation. He promised her it wouldn't be much longer, that if the code she had written was working properly they would have more than enough money before they knew it. She offered to rewrite it, to siphon even more but he said no. John turned and hurried off before they came out and saw him. His next stop was Williams who was pleased with John’s work.
Sherlock looked over. “No, you have never lied to me,” he stated. John had never lied -- not once. Sherlock had never doubted him. However, he knew John didn’t know things would be okay, no one could know that. John’s statement was more about belief. John believed things that Sherlock couldn’t, and sometimes Sherlock was jealous of that. He dropped John’s hand and said, “Sorry -- let’s stop talking about it. Don’t bring it up in front of her, okay?”
Sherlock stepped out back and lit a cigarette. A wooden chair was leaning up against the building, so he opened it up and sat down. He wished he brought a cup of tea out now. He inhaled deeply and tipped his head, blowing the smoke up toward the sky.
"Yeah, it was very good," John said.
"We went to school together," he said.
"I think we're a good fit," John agreed.
John grinned at him. "Right."
Sherlock scowled. "Fine," he said, moving past John, thinking about what a sacrifice he was making and how he could use that against John in the future. He went upstairs and went straight to his room. He dropped his things off and flopped onto his bed, before realising he wanted a cup of tea. Obviously, it wasn't going to work, hiding in his room until she left. So he got up and moved to the kitchen to put on the kettle.
Sherlock looked up and gave John a smile. Maybe some people needed luck, but one thing Sherlock was certain of was that John Watson was a good doctor.
"Does it involve me getting naked because it's too cold to be naked, John," Sherlock said. "Normally you complain when I'm not dressed properly but now that it's freezing out you want my clothes off? This weather has turned you nasty."
John shifted and slowly leaned into Sherlock’s lap. "You don't need the blanket," he said, trailing his finger over Sherlock's chest and down to his stomach.
John wrapped the towel around his waist and stepped out. "No. But I know we went through a lot and you might have meant . . . what are you doing?" he asked, noticing Sherlock's hands.
John nodded. He started moving slowly. "Feels so good . . . yes. . ."
“I agree -- early nights are rarely good,” Sherlock said. “Yet . . . this is as far as I’ve planned really. I appreciate I implied danger and excitement, but . . . have you got any ideas that might bring excitement?“
Sherlock woke up. He was shirtless but still wearing his trousers, socks and shoes. He pushed himself up off the mattress and dragged himself to the bathroom where he splashed his face. He went back to his bedroom and got into his pajamas before going into the kitchen to put the kettle on.
"Me?" John said, looking away from Sherlock now.
"John! What kind of language is that?"
Sherlock smiled at John’s look. "When did you know?" he asked. "That this is what you wanted?"
John woke up with his phone stuck to his cheek. He forgot he'd fallen asleep with it. He checked for messages and saw none so he plugged it in to charge while he took a shower and got ready for work. He grabbed it after he got dressed but didn't send a message -- if Sherlock was sleeping he didn't want to wake him. He took his charger to work with him and started seeing patients, keeping on eye out for messages between them. He needed to figure out how he was going to sneak out to see Sherlock when Mycroft had control of every camera in the city.
"I do," John murmured, kissing him again before moving further into the flat toward his bedroom. He moved slowly, making sure Sherlock wanted to go.
"Right," Sherlock said. "I'll remind you of that the next time you're mean." He brought a cloth and wiped off the table. "Well, my chores are done, but you've not even started."
“I see,” Sherlock said. “But you decided not to marry her?”
Sherlock smiled. “And John? I know you must have spoken to her about John,” he said.
John followed Sherlock, in just his pants. "Me too," he said. He pushed off his pants and almost got into the bed. "I should get something for us to clean up with first," he said.
"We don't have to go far. Do any of these sound good?" He asked. “We could become tourists for a few days.”
"Good to see some loyalty -- it's the most redeeming quality in siblings," Sherlock said. "Nonetheless -- not interested. If there's something John would like me to know, I'm sure he'll tell me."
“Sherlock couldn’t imagine doing the great things John had done, but he did kind of like the idea of his moving in because truthfully Sherlock was often afraid of things outside of his cave. Not just rumbling monsters, but other things as well. He wasn’t afraid of that dead bird, because he was able to figure out why it was dead. But there were things that he couldn’t figure out, things he couldn’t understand. And those things made him afraid.
“I know how to take my own temperature, John,” Sherlock said. Since he was already up, he moved into the kitchen to put the kettle on. “Besides you’re the one who was been exposed – are you feeling all right? You should be honest.”
John plugged in his phone and shifted to get comfortable. He was thinking about the present Sherlock got, the conversation they had been having, and how different the flat felt without him here. Mrs Hudson's words were needling his brain as he tried to fall asleep. But he knew Sherlock too well to think he was pining for John, dropping hints about his feelings being more than friends. John couldn't do anything drastic and risk ruining what they had here.
John chuckled and sat down again with his book. "You can do whatever you like for your story," he said.
Sherlock knocked on the door. Mrs Hudson appeared seconds later.
"Yes, quite the holiday," John smiled.
“Come on,” she said, grabbing his hand and pulling it around her.
"Very funny," his mother said. "You know I like to be prepared. Shall we play a game on the drive?"
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “I promise to try.”
“Why? Are there that many gifts that need wrapping?”
He got up and moved to open the window before lighting a cigarette. What was going on in his head? Why was he still thinking about some random man with bad taste in music? Then he remembered, the man had said he was working. He hadn’t come as a fan, he’d come for a job.
“Well done,” Sherlock said, patting him on the arm. “You’ve been a very good boy today, John Watson.”
John started to undress slowly, watching Sherlock, taking him in. "You look so sexy."
John rolled his eyes but kept his voice polite. “I’ll see you Monday,” he said.
"It's --" John started, but didn't really know what else to say.
In the morning, John checked the blog and found the information about his new case. He started his research. The internet wasn't much help; he found the online profile but nothing else about the man. He saved the photos and searched for them individually and found the same face in stock photos. That wasn't a good sign, but maybe he was too shy to use his own face. John would  have to find out of any more pictures were exchanged besides these. For now he would give him the benefit of the doubt.
“Are we watching a film or what?” Sherlock asked.
"Hey, if she annoyed you don't take it out on me," John snapped. "Yes, Clara's her ex wife."
John could hardly breathe. "I missed you so much . . ."
“Perhaps, but can you top it with the next one?” Sherlock asked.
“I have noticed quite a bit, but I was prepared to accept them on a part time basis,” Sherlock said. “However, if we are going to have to be in each other’s presence 24-7 . . . “
"That's what they all say," Sherlock said. He wanted a cigarette. "Why here? Why not somewhere else?"
John smiled and shrugged. "Don't know what you mean," he said.
John took the glass and finished it in one shot. "All done."
He texted back an apology and said good night. He turned off his phone and tried to go to sleep.
“My name is Sherlock,” Sherlock said. “Slightly more memorable than Lance.”
He got out of bed and stretched, shaking his whole body out. He just needed to shake it all out, that's all. He would go downstairs and they’d head to Scotland Yard and everything would be fine. Normal.
“The owner contacted us,” Mycroft said. “He assumed it was going abroad and it turns out he was right. We stopped it at the border and the painting is in our custody.”
"Oh. I . . . well, I have a date," he said carefully.
Sherlock took a sip. "I have never had such excellent wine," he said.
“Don’t you have to eat?” Sherlock said. “I mean . . . you usually eat.”
John finished his meal and set the plate on the coffee table. "I'll do that one later."
“Well . . . good,” Sherlock said. “Good . . . as long as you’re not disappointed.”
Sherlock thought for a moment. "That's quite sweet," he said honestly.
John had left the hospital with them and watched them get into Mycroft's car. Sherlock had accepted things too easily, so he was sure there had to be some kind of plan stewing in his head. He just had to go back home and wait for a phone call or a message or something -- if Sherlock planned on including him in his escape plan, which he was pretty certain he would.
"Advertise," John suggested. "Unless you don't want private cases."
"I didn't know if you remembered. Or wanted to." He looked up at Sherlock again, studied his face. "I was afraid you might have moved it a long time ago."
Sherlock closed his eyes and just let the pleasure take over his mind. He kept his hand moving on John, but his body rocked with John’s hand’s rhythm. “What do you want now?” he asked, finally opening his eyes.
John smiled wider and nodded. "Can we look around? We don't want another robbery," he said.
“Who?”
"I'd be happy with that, you know I'm not picky," John smiled.
John turned so they could cuddle more comfortably and nodded. "It’s perfect," he said.
Sherlock was looking at John’s face. It seemed happy. “Can I ask you something?” he said quietly.
"Don't be stupid. I like watching you. I like hanging out with you."
Mrs Holmes looked over. “I think you two are doing more than nothing,” she said with a smile.
“Well, just be sensible,” she said. She closed her eyes for a minute. “I’m just picturing the two of you walking down the aisle now.”
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asked.
“We are definitely different,” Sherlock said, looking up at John’s face. “That’s good, though. . . right?”
"That was really cool, I'm glad I got to see it. I never have before." John sat down and looked out. "I could get used to living some place like this."
“I didn’t wake you because well . . . there was no reason to, obviously,” Sherlock said. “Have you been sleeping all right?”
“Good to see you, too, Sherlock,” Molly said. She pointed to a drawer. “She’s in there.”
"My connections can be trusted," Sherlock said. "Let me make a phone call and get her in."
“That’s it . . . it’s helping already,” Sherlock said. “Help me remember last night.”
Sherlock nodded. “Were you on a date when you went to see this band?” he asked.
John smiled wider. "Perfect." Before he could say anything else the deejay started to announce the party. He turned to look at everyone coming in.
John arched his back slightly. "I'm not either," he said. He carded his fingers into Sherlock's hair and pulled lightly, eager to find out what he liked.
“I was just taking a tea break,” he said, leaving the mess and moving over to the kettle. “Want one before you go up?”
John didn't answer. He didn't know what to say. He started taking his clothes off to get ready for bed. "You left me."
Sherlock stopped rubbing and looked down at John. "Well, now you're just mocking me," he said with a little laugh. "Come on, get up -- if I'm so great, why haven't you made me a cup of tea?" He shifted a little awkwardly, but stayed smiling.
“Out failing to solve his part, I suppose,” he said.
"Do you like dancing?” John asked.
Sherlock’s head instinctively nodded against John’s. “I missed you,” he exhaled.
"I meant what I said too," John said. He reached over and held Sherlock's hand.
John turned on the water and watched it for a moment. "Seems to be working fine."
"Where was it?" John asked in the same quiet voice.
Sherlock looked closely to read John's face. "All right," he said. "I'll be here." He glanced around. "I can tidy up a little so you can relax when you get back."
"Calm down," John said. He closed his laptop. "Why don't we play some games? That's what Harry and I used to do."
“But I thought . . .” Sherlock said, now genuinely hurt. “Fine, that’s fine. Go out. I don’t feel like being around someone who is behaving like an idiot.” His voice sounded meaner than he wanted it to. “I’m bored with this conversation.” He flopped onto the sofa and tried to go away into his head.
John smiled. "No. There's better things," he said.
“Obviously not. I have things to do,” Mycroft said. “Besides, the doctor said no stress and I recognise that for some reason I fail to understand, my presence occasionally causes you stress.”
“If it makes you feel better to call it respect, fine,” Mycroft said. “I’m happy for you to take the credit -- it means nothing to me.”
“I spoke to him -- something’s gone wrong,” Sherlock said. He raised his hand for a taxi. “Where is he?”
He knew he should go after her, thank her for all the help because she had given him so much. But he didn’t. Instead he went back to his computer and sent Lestrade an email. It wasn’t much, but Mrs Hudson was right: he had to do something useful.
Sherlock smiled.
"Don't start losing it on me already, we've barely started the lockdown," John teased.
"No nightmares, just worrying," he said. "And going a little crazy if I'm honest."
Sherlock closed his laptop and got up, going into the bathroom first. He splashed some water on his face and tried to relax a little -- it was hard to do so with a stranger in the flat, but she was going to be here a couple days and it'd do him no good to stay wound up like this. He came out and for some reason washed up the mugs and then looked over at John to let him know he was ready.
Sherlock slid his hand between their bodies and began stroking himself, slowly, matching John’s movement. Then he said, “Faster.”
“Is John there? Is he doing all right?”
"How sweet of you," he said.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say so said nothing.
"We had just come home from solving a case," John said. Just like his dream, he climbed into Sherlock's lap. "I wanted to reward you, you were quite clever."
“I don’t begrudge you a little time off,” she said, sliding a mug over to him. “That school was hard and you did very, very well.” She tousled his hair a little and sat down beside him. “That said, I’ve never known my son to do nothing for very long. You should make plans for the summer.”
The images flashed in John's mind - Sherlock's hands on his hips, his tongue pushing into John's mouth, his body arching into John. He shook his head. "It would never accidentally happen, so you don't have to worry about that."
"All right," Sherlock said. "I think I'll work for a bit," he added.
"Is that what you got out of the story?" John asked. "The hero saved the day. He chose his help and that's important."
"Yes, let's play that," John said. He refilled his wine and took a sip.
The story began to form in Sherlock’s head.
Sherlock shook his head. “I’ve not taken any . . . when I realised I couldn’t remember, I didn’t want to risk losing any more.”
John looked at him for a moment before shaking his head. "No," he said. "I got home okay," he smiled.
"Me too," he told her as he walked over to Sherlock to see what he was shouting about.
Sherlock shook his head. “You’re ridiculous, John Watson,” he said.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “The hot water takes a moment to get started . . . everything else is quite obvious.”
“There’s a small oven, but cooking over the fire could be fun,” she said, winking at John. “I thought you might want to show off your skills.”
John smiled at him. "I always pick the film. You always care what it is."
John lifted as he moved up to three fingers. He watched Sherlock, flushed and squirming on the bed. When they moved easier, he took his hand away and put on the condom. He added a bit more lube, leaned over him, and kissed him hard as he pushed in slowly.
“You’ll be here at least one more night,” Mycroft continued. “I’ve got to leave now. Since John is here, I’m sure he can keep you entertained. Shall I go to the flat to get some things for you for your trip?”
"Oh." John shifted and, like Sherlock before, he lay with his feet on Sherlock.
John nodded, taking the condom and rolling it on to Sherlock. "I can't wait to feel you."
"Who would have followed me?" John asked curiously.
Sherlock dropped John’s hand to raise his to get a taxi. When it arrived, he held the door open for John and then got in. He gave the driver their address. He felt like he had a lot to say, but he didn’t say anything.
John shrugged. "I just have nightmares, sometimes. That's all."
Sherlock looked at John. “Do you need to go home or do you want to do something?” he asked.
John shook his head. "I know she won't know the difference, but I want to trust her. She's stuck with it and worked hard . . . let's just see and hope for the best. She won't be here for another couple hours."
John shook his head. "No," he said. "I know you've been doing this a long time. I shouldn't have tried to get in your way," he said, climbing into the bed.
Sherlock looked at John and started to laugh again.
“Don’t get sick of me during all this, John . . . I’m worried about that because I don’t want you to ever not live here with me,” Sherlock admitted.
"I presume it'll be better than okay," Sherlock said, giving John a cheeky smile. He took another drink. "This my favourite part," he said, referring to the music. He leaned against John's shoulder.
John nodded. "Yes, I think so."
“Yes, you do,” Mrs Hudson said. “How are you ever going to meet a nice man if you behave like that?” She carried the tea into the sitting room and handed him a mug.
John scooted closer to him. "Do you mind?" he asked, cuddling against Sherlock.
Sherlock stared at the message. It was entirely true.
At the morgue Sherlock was taking down meticulous notes since Molly had banned him from taking the photos he wanted. He’d seen things he hadn’t expected to see and had been overly excited by that. He loved a challenge. He worked for a while in the library and then walked around thinking. He realised he was craving a cigarette so he stopped into the news agents. Somehow it felt like he’d earned a treat.
Sherlock set out early to pay in his new cheque. On the way home, he treated Mrs Hudson to some flowers.
"John definitely has a gun. He won't have it with him, maybe I'll snoop around his room in a bit." She kept moving around the room, sipping her tea. "What's in all of these beakers?"
John looked up at her and sipped his tea. He didn't want to say it, but he knew she wouldn't go if he didn't talk. "I don't want to."
“Yes . . . If you want me to. So far it’s gone well, right?” Sherlock said.  “I’d only do it with you.”
"Of course," John said. "I'll tell you what -- I’ll bring your stuff here this evening and see how you’re feeling then, okay?"
"Yes. I was only tied up, they didn't hurt me."
John tugged Sherlock's hair a bit as he got harder in his hands. "Please . . ."
"If you want to," John said.
“Could we talk for a few more minutes?” Sherlock said, stepping in and standing at the door awkwardly.
Sherlock poured two cups and carried them in. “To make these,” he said, sitting down on his sleeping bag and placing one cup near John. “Did you sleep all right?”
"Thank you," Sherlock said. When Harry emerged, he led the way downstairs and lifted his hand. When a cab pulled up, he opened the door to allow Harry and John to get in. He gave the driver the address and stared out the window. They rode along quietly, with Harry muttering a few things to John, but Sherlock didn't hear. When they arrived, he paid the driver and headed in. Sherlock mumbled the message to Angelo as he sat them down at their usual table.
"I'm supposed to write about my life and things that happen to me. I haven't started yet," he said.
“I suppose so,” Sherlock said. He set his mug down. “Let’s go.” As they walked down, he asked, “Will you have a lot to move?”
"Is this a one-off?" Sherlock asked, his breath caught in his throat. "Is this going to be part of us now?"
“You but when I looked again, it was . . . a woman,” he said.
"No?" John asked, looking back over at him. "So . . . it’s not serious? Or it’s just not wedding-bells serious?"
"Harry, I mean it!"
At Baker Street, Mrs Hudson was shouting at Sherlock. “If you’re not working, why can’t you help me?” she asked.
Sherlock scowled. "I'm supposed to say the truth, aren't I?" he asked.
Sherlock opened the door and stepped inside.
However, it still seemed odd that John was not around, and this was a slightly confusing feeling. Obviously, Sherlock was aware that change was not always easy, but somehow it seemed bigger than that. He remembered the text argument and that ruined his mood a little. He excused himself and went up to bed.
"She's in good hands there," Sherlock said. "She seems to mean it this time. I hope she does."
This thought led him to the last time, the man at Molly’s wedding. It was nothing, just a bit of fun really. And it was fun. It felt good. Actually, he remembered, he didn’t even need someone else for that feeling. He stood up to lock the flat door and then lay back down, slipping his hand into his pajama bottoms. He’d just do it to clear his mind, to relax. When it was over, the tension would be gone and he could get up, go to his desk, and figure out how to get his own cases.
Sherlock knew John was right, but somehow that made him even angrier. He moved swiftly over to his desk, pushing John out of the way. “You deal with your things,” he said, sitting down. “Don’t even touch my things.”
"Probably the same stuff we did yesterday," John said. "We can't do much else."
“If you’re talking about Mrs Hudson, don’t forget she’s with me tonight,” Sherlock said cheekily.
“Maybe you need them?” she said. “It’s not the money . . . you know he left me some. It’s just . . . better than sitting in here all the time . . . remembering.”
Sherlock wasn’t sure why he was being so silly. He had a brandy with his father, but that wasn’t enough liquor to affect him like this.
Sherlock moved quickly back to the computer, opening the webpage for the club. He couldn’t find the man on the staff page for the bar. He found the calendar and located a link to the webpage of the band that was playing that night. No clues there. If he wasn’t working for the band or the bar, what could that guy have been doing there?
"Oh. Should I let you go?" John asked.
“I don’t know . . . Is that a bad sign?”
“You his friend then?” Lestrade asked John.
John reached out and traced Sherlock's jaw lightly. He wished his hands didn't smell like aloe.
"With our height it's going to be a bit awkward, but I'm not losing." He took his jumper off and started unbuttoning his shirt.
“And you enjoy reading articles with a dry mouth?” Sherlock asked. “Because I don’t.”
John shrugged. "Sometimes you don't know until you find them," he said. "Could be right in front of you, couldn't they?" He smiled softly, suggestively, and took another sip of his drink before looking around the room again. Nearly everyone was there and in their seats, waiting for the party to arrive from their photos.
"Now that you're . . . friends."
John did, reaching down to stroke Sherlock as well, smiling at him.
“Don’t be long,” she called, and he moved himself to the side of the building, lighting another cigarette as he leaned against the brick.
“Something’s wrong,” Sherlock said. “Tell me where he is.”
"Why? Because you get lucky too?" he asked, smiling up at him.
When the food arrived, Sherlock brought it into the sitting room and sat down next to John.
“Right,” the man said. “Back in a moment.” He disappeared through a door.
“A surgery?” Sherlock asked with a smile.
John shifted to look at Sherlock. "You had solved the case already?" he asked.
"Traffic?" John asked confused. "I won't have clients over, if that's what you mean. I couldn't solve a case alone."
John heard the window and froze, moving close to the house. He glanced up and saw Sherlock leaning out of the window with a cigarette. John bit his lip. He looked good. He was handsome, his dark hair a bit longer now, the curls falling around his face. John didn't know when he started smoking, but, in a strange way, it just made him look better somehow. He forced his eyes away and crouched down, still against the house. He kept digging, his movements very slow now. The slice of the shovel in the dirt sounded a hundred times louder. He kept glancing up, each time for longer and longer. He tried to shift a bit and almost dropped the shovel. "Shit," he hissed, then pressed against the house again. There was no cover. He just closed his eyes and hoped that Sherlock hadn’t heard him.
John glanced over at him. He felt awkward again. "Sorry," he said softly.
“Fine,” Sherlock said. He stood up. “I’m going out then. You can rest and relax all you want on your own.”
John shrugged as he got out of his own head. "I don't know that either," he said. "You'll have to tell me."
Sherlock decided to take a bath instead of a shower. Why not? There was no rush to go do something. The hot water felt quite good, and he found himself nodding off once or twice. How could he be so tired when it felt like he’d done nothing since this had all started. It was like he hardly even moved his body anymore.
Sherlock shook his head a little. He glanced around. “You like the place?” he asked.
“Come back in pajamas – whatever your version is.”
"Hmm? No, I feel fine," he said.
“When’s your next exam? I can help you study if you’d like.”
John thrust harder, gazing down at Sherlock as he panted with the effort. "You feel incredible."
“But I want to touch you,” Sherlock said, throwing his trousers on to the floor as well. Once John’s shirt was off, he ran his hands up and down John’s chest.
John turned to look at his mum. "I'm just finishing up a letter to Sherlock."
John nodded. "I'm not very good at it, but I still like it," he said. "You?"
"That's quite a lot of things," he said.
“Created by whom though?” Sherlock asked. He finished his mug quickly and moved back to his desk. He was awake and confident again. He had been right that this was bigger than just insurance fraud and John had been right that Sherlock could solve this. He would.
Sherlock slipped into John's jeans which were a bit loose and too short, but the shirt and jumper were fine. "Ah, yes, much better," he said. "I may look foolish but I'm already warmed up." He had some tea and felt quite pleased with himself. "I'd like a truth, please."
He woke with a start. The room was bright with the morning sun. He was on the sofa, and his back hurt. He pushed himself up and stretched. He didn’t quite feel rested -- he wasn’t sure if the dream meant something or if it was just a reminder of his awkwardness.
John undressed and climbed right into bed as soon as he got home. When he was comfortable and starting to doze off, he remembered his research. He sighed and didn't move -- he was too comfortable now. He would deal with it in the morning. He fell asleep and had weird dreams -- he didn't remember them in the morning but when he woke up he was all twisted up in his bed sheets. He untangled himself and stretched before getting up to start his day.
“Perhaps you are an idiot,” Sherlock said. “I invite you into my home and do that . . .” he said nodding toward the stairs. “With you and you insult me like that?” He gave him a little smile. “Honesty is usually my policy, so I suppose I appreciate yours.” He reached round and picked up his mug again. “But the website is smart. I don’t want to change it. Do you have any other recommendations, Mr Know It All?”
John bit his lip and pointed. "The noodles aren't cooked. It needs to be boiled before you bake it."
"No. I've dragged John into enough. This is my recovery and I'm going alone."
John finished his wine. "Have you ever been in love?"
“It is actually,” Sherlock said. “Come into the kitchen, I made us tea.” They walked in and Sherlock poured two mugs and then sat down on the table. “I assume you weren’t followed.”
“Fuck,” Sherlock said, squeezing his eyes shut. “It’s good,” he mumbled, pulling a little on John’s hair. He ran his other hand over his chest and then dropped it to the mattress, gripping the duvet. John hummed around Sherlock's cock and added a second finger, curving them against to tease his prostate.
“Is that your deal then, being nice? Coming to Molly’s wedding just to be nice? Joining our table just to be nice?”
Sherlock took a sip of tea. “Yes,” he said. “We’ll have a lovely day.”
John looked over skeptically. "Told you what?"
John blinked at him as he processed all of that. "I'm not going to regret it! I want to do this with you. And I know we won't be friends after this, not just friends, but more. Do you want that? I do."
"You have too," he said.
"I knew it looked ridiculous," Sherlock laughed.
"I don't think we need to," Sherlock said, trying to get comfortable with his own bag in back.
Sherlock looked over suspiciously. “Have you got some brilliant idea for the code?” he asked.
Sherlock set the computer on the floor, delicately turned on his side and closed his eyes.
"This," Sherlock said, leaning in and kissing John's mouth hard. He crowded against him, pushing their bodies together. John moaned in surprise and clutched him harder as he kissed back.
She started to speak and then stopped. They pulled into the drive and when Sherlock got out, he said, “I think I’m going to go up to my room to read,” and went upstairs, shutting his door behind him.
“That’s what you get when you cook without a fuss,” John teased.
When Sherlock opened his eyes, it was morning. So his first thought was a good one -- morning  meant it was time for him to leave. However, his second thought was not a good as he remembered he was being sent away to rest. It was so stupid.
John nodded. "Yeah, maybe I will try that if he doesn't answer."
“A skip,” Sherlock said. “The tenth one I checked.”
“No,” Sherlock said.
John blinked at him. "I . . . from last night," he said.
John nodded. "It's all good so far," he agreed.
John lifted his own drink and tapped it on Sherlock's. "I don't know what you mean," he said.
Anxiety spiked through Sherlock’s stomach. “John, you’re a doctor,” he said, but realised he didn’t know where he was going with this thought. “I don’t like this,” he repeated.
Sherlock threw a pillow at John. “God, you’re so gullible,” he said. “The nurse couldn’t have done it -- she’s left handed, didn’t you see her writing up that chart? Really, John, you need to pay better attention.”
"Me too. I mean, it's been a ride, but it's been good."
John could tell this date wasn't going as well as the first, and he knew it was his fault. He couldn't get into the mood -- he was frustrated and angry with Sherlock. Why did he have to be so difficult? He felt his phone vibrate and for a minute tried to ignore it. But he couldn't stop thinking about that either, so he pulled it out to look.
Sherlock handed John a glass and sat down. “I hope you don’t take this the wrong way,” he said after taking a sip. “But I don’t think your game proved we were interesting people. It mainly just proved that we know Mrs Hudson.”
Sherlock shifted a little on his sleeping bag. Finally, he said, “We could . . .”
Sherlock used his hands to tip John's head and deepen the kiss before he dropped them to grab at John's wrist, pressing them against the wall. John moaned louder, shifting his hands to lace his fingers with Sherlock's and hold them both.
John took several long drinks, almost draining his glass before lying down again. He looked over at Sherlock and smiled wider. "So . . . since I moved in, you said?"
“Are you going to stay for a while? You can -- we could go upstairs or stay here,” Sherlock said.
“No . . . though I may in the future, so I’d like to keep that option on the table,” Sherlock said. “It’s something more personal . . . I don’t know if I should say.”
"I know, Harry." John sat up and rubbed his face. "It's not easy to do it alone."
John chuckled softly. "Well, it’s easy," he said.
"Yes," Sherlock said. He looked straight at John. "What does she mean? I don't understand."
"So tonight was a relapse . . ." John sighed. "Maybe with proper help, she can do it for real."
Sherlock nodded. He looked once more at John and then stepped out of the flat to head home.
"Didn't you like it?" John teased as he moved up beside Sherlock.
“All right,” Sherlock said. “I don’t think we should go far actually -- I mean, not across the country or anything. I’ve only just come back, I mean.”
Sherlock listened to John move over to get his coat. “Can I stay here while you’re gone?” he asked feebly, standing up.
"I wish I did," Sherlock said. "Right now it's on occasion. I don't really know how else to get work, I confess."
He didn’t say anything as he sat down in his chair again.
John made a small moan and nodded.
"Bloody hell," John sighed, getting out to face him.
"Working?"
"I'll believe it when I see it," John teased, going up to bed. He got out his book and read, but he was distracted, his mind going over everything they had talked about tonight and trying to see if there had been clues all along that he had missed.
Sherlock stopped. “What? Why? You just had a date last night,” he said.
Sherlock looked over at John. “Maybe,” he said. “But mainly we wanted to ask about that cottage at Grandmother’s house? The one we stayed in when I was little -- do you think we could use that?”
“I definitely prefer our world to the real one,” Sherlock said, snuggling in. He turned to face the television, but mostly he just relaxed against John’s warmth.
John flushed lightly. "Not really,” he said. “But I do love food, which probably shows," he added, patting his belly.
“We’re going to watch a film after dinner,” he said. “Then go to sleep.”
“Hmm . . . I’m not sure I should trust such obvious charm,” Sherlock said.
John moved over Sherlock but paused when he saw the bruises. "I don't -- let me get next to you," he said, moving to get off.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “In your room.”
“Is that what you want?” Sherlock asked.
"We need a statement," Greg said.
"This is a great spot, how much does it go for?" John asked.
The man waited a few minutes and then said, “Found it. All right, fine. He’s out right now, but I’ll contact him and get back to you about scheduling an appointment.”
“I’m sorry it took awhile for me to understand, but you should know that I did not cheat.”
“Don’t take chances,” Sherlock said. “At least . . . not without me.”
“All right,” Sherlock said, stretching a little. “How are you feeling?”
John shut off the water. "Can you give me my towel?" he asked. He poked his head out again.
“We should put the tools back in the shed,” Sherlock said. His voice was a whisper even though it didn’t really need to be. Once the shed was locked up again, they quietly made their way back into the house. He turned off all the lights and they walked upstairs. Sherlock detoured to wash his hands and brush his teeth. He went back into his bedroom and grabbed his pajamas. “Are you going to go to the toilet before bed?” he asked.
"Maybe I'm to blame for all that . . . "
“All right,” Sherlock said, still not sure quite what he meant. “I read some stuff too, I guess. Should we try it?”
John sighed, then grinned and revealed three of a kind . . . and a pair. "Take it off, baby," he chuckled.
Sherlock smiled. “Well, thanks anyway,” he said. “You’re still the only nice person I know.”
"I supposed I can get dressed for that," John said, sitting up and stretching.
“You’re different and you’re very good. You’re my best friend.”
"Hmm, the first. But like I said at the bar, I haven't found that person yet. Could be anywhere," he smiled.
“I guess,” Sherlock said. He wasn’t really hungry, but eating was something to do, something to focus on. He moved over to the sofa. “Should I find us something to watch while we eat?”
When Sherlock woke up the next morning, he could hear his parents were downstairs already. He rolled over and looked at the clock, expecting it to reveal that he'd slept too late. But it didn't -- it was had just gone seven. Why were they up so early? Then he realised he needed the toilet so he got up to go and then headed downstairs.
"I've been thinking and I feel . . . I mean . . ." John took a deep breath and swore softly. "I love you." For a second he didn't hear anything then he hung up the phone in a panic.
“Yes,” Lestrade said. “But I’m asking you two idiots there if you’d like to do it.”
“Good night, John,” Sherlock said. He closed his eyes to go into his mind palace, but it was too full of questions he wanted answers to. He slowly shifted, rolling onto his side and curling around John. “Okay?” he whispered.
“What do you mean?”
The kiss surprised Sherlock. He stuttered, “I made you tea to go,” handing John the cup as they headed downstairs.
“Are you the ‘we’?” she asked John with a smile.
Sherlock smiled and rolled on to his back. He ran his hand up John’s arm and gripped his shoulder as he waited. John straddled his thighs and took a moment to admire every inch before he started kissing and licking his way down.
"No. Like I said, I struggled in chemistry, but I did really well in biology. Everything else was just average," he said. He thought for a moment. "I suppose trying to explain it all it doesn't seem like much. But when it was happening . . . I wanted to share everything with you."
Sherlock’s phone rang. He picked it up but didn’t recognise the number. Perhaps it was the new client.
“Stop being stupid,” she said, stepping to the side and motioning toward the kitchen. “A man’s just fixed it, all right, so don’t bother contacting Brussels.”
Sherlock looked over. "If she's willing, this place will help her," he said. "Do you think she'll stay?"
As the driver pulled away Harry faced John. "I turned your life upside down in just two days, but we've sorted me now. Kind of. Now we have to sort you."
"What did you get Sherlock again?" she asked instead of answering.
That really wasn’t all that reassuring to Sherlock, since he knew people rarely did what they were supposed to do. He wondered if John really believed they would. Probably because John was a good person who believed that other people, Sherlock included, could and would be good as well. An odd feeling came over Sherlock – it was quite childish, but he suddenly thought of John as his protector. In fact, he realised he wanted John to tell him exactly what to do and he would do it and then things could go back to normal.
"Not so obvious," John said. “You don’t want me to go out on dates anymore?”
John leaned up and reached into the drawer, taking out the lube. He reached in again for the condoms. Sherlock grabbed the bottle and spilled some into his hand. He started stroked John. Then he slipped his hand between John's legs, slicking everywhere as he teased his tight hole with his fingertips.
"Um . . . in the room with you, I think," he said.
John felt Sherlock's body squeezing around him, and he let go. He came, groaning Sherlock's name as his body arched in pleasure.
John shrugged. "He didn't leave anything behind, and he didn't say anything. I got him a servicing kit for his violin, I hope he'll like that."
"Even after everything I said last night?"
“Molly?” Sherlock asked with genuine surprise. He opened his mouth to say something else, but wasn’t sure what he wanted to say. After what seemed like minutes but was probably just a few seconds, he said, “Cup of tea?”
"I hoped you’d understand, and you did, thank god. But I was ready to fight despite my chances."
"Come off it," John said, looking away from her.
John flushed lightly. "Yeah," he murmured. "Are you?"
Sherlock took a sip of tea. "Do you think it's a good idea for her to go talk to Clara?" he asked tentatively. "Maybe you could meet her at lunch?"
As he entered the building, a man bumped into him. “Doctor Watson?”
Sherlock followed John, reaching out and grabbing his arse as they moved down the hallway. “All right,” he said. “This isn’t child’s play, young man. The Army is about responsibility. Do you think you can handle your responsibilities in this room?”
“My fees are higher than that,” Sherlock said.
“No, not that kind of dangerous,” Sherlock said. “I was thinking we could ring some people and . . . well, prank them. Saying it aloud, I realise it’s quite immature, and while I’m sure it’d be classified as nuisance or harassment, I think the police probably have other issues to deal with.”
"Okay. I'll come by proper and knock on the door and everything," he promised.
John leaned back and shrugged. "I think so. It's hard to imagine not knowing her," he said. He thought for a moment. "Yeah, I really think so."
“Hey, is Erin there?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock almost called out but then caught himself.
John closed the book. He leaned over a pressed a quick kiss on his lips. "Thank you," he said, looking away quickly and focusing on his pastry.
Sherlock relaxed a little onto the sofa and ate some of his noodles. The film wasn’t too bad – he hadn’t seen it before and the case was quite interesting. However, it reminded him that they might not be working for a while, and he didn’t want any reminders of what was going on. “Have you figured it out yet?” he asked John. “It’s actually more complicated that I was expecting.”
John grinned and rolled his eyes again. When everything was put away he stretched and went to take a shower. He needed to start getting ready.
“Not really -- you’re a lot taller.”
“Hold on,” John said. "Can I see the letter from the box? You said I could read it when we opened it."
John nodded. "I will. I'll text you at lunch."
“I doubt that shed smells very good,” Sherlock’s mum said with a smile. “Dig in -- your dad’s working late so we don’t need to wait.”
“Before what? Before John?” Sherlock asked. “John helps me.”
“You’re right,” Sherlock said. He unbuttoned the rest of his shirt and slipped it off. “There I feel better,” he said. “But I’m cold now. Can you pass the blanket?”
"Where's she gone? Home?" Sherlock said. He was sure she was just here.
After a while, John asked, "Are you ready?"
John set his mug down and stood up. "Okay. I'll look at it," he said.
“There’s no rules about grieving, John,” she said. “But it has been six months . . . he wouldn’t have wanted this. I know he didn’t understand love, I know he didn’t understand the grief that would come . . . but we have to figure out a way to live again.”
"Well, there's nothing else to know about me, I'm afraid -- very boring," he said.
John took the pajamas and tossed them in the ground. "Just lay here with me for a little bit," he said, tracing patterns on Sherlock's chest.
"I'm not lying! And yes," John said. Finally, he climbed up and into Sherlock's bed.
"It appears you did," Sherlock said.
John stared at him for a moment. "Um...okay." He moved and sat next to Sherlock. "Do you want a story or something?" He felt silly even asking that.
“Why should I tell you when you won’t tell me what’s wrong with you?” Sherlock said. When John sat back down, Sherlock looked over at him again. “You’re different and you know it,” he said.
John came in and saw Sherlock scrambling to clean up. "You can keep working. I think I'm just going to go up to bed."
"That reminds me," Sherlock said. He shifted on the bed, reaching down to try to grab his bag. He couldn't reach it so he sat up properly and lifted it to his lap. He unzipped it and pulled out the envelope his mother had given him. "Here," he said, handing it to John. "My mum was so obsessed with you, she gave me this."
"It is pretty lucky we met again," John said.
“Sherlock! We need you in here!” his mother called from the kitchen.
Mycroft grumbled, but he was not unaware of how important John Watson had become to his brother. And how John's presence had been good for Sherlock. Finally, he said, "I'll make some calls."
"Oh. Well, why are you lying like that?" he asked.
Sherlock had finished the experiment, though much later than he’d originally expected to, given the interruption of John’s visit. He left the mess to deal with in the morning, so when he did wake up on the sofa where he’d crashed out, his first step was to tidy up. But he couldn’t separate this from the fact that he’d agreed John should move in. He sensed, as he cleaned, that he was cleaning for John -- which was stupid, cleaning up was part of every experiment. He knew that could no longer put off thinking about the change.
“No,” Sherlock said. “His name is Gary. But his nickname is Sherlock, so that’s what we’ll call him. Now stop interrupting so I can continue.
John nodded. Sherlock's hands felt incredible and it was hard to focus.
“How important you are,” Sherlock said, his voice still a whisper. “How you’re everything . . .”
Sherlock didn't say anything, just made a little sound. He imagined John in the flat, and it was a nice picture. He'd be the first person Sherlock had let in to his life there. He hoped it would be all right. So far, things had been all right. He squeezed John tighter.
“You think so?” he said with a laugh. “Well, you can get out of my flat right now if you just came up here to insult me.”
, John thought to himself. Of all the people to grab, he got one that tried to bribe him. He was pretty hot, though. John wouldn't have minded if he had agreed to a drink. But maybe this was for the best. He did have a job to do after all.
Sherlock let their bodies still. He lifted his head and kissed John’s mouth. “Okay?” he whispered.
“Does that mean I’m your boyfriend now?” Sherlock asked.
“John, I have to tell you something,” Sherlock said, taking a drink. “I don’t understand everything. I want to, I’ve always wanted to, but I don’t.”
Sherlock had let himself into the flat. He took off his coat and then moved to the sofa.
"Don't be cruel," Sherlock said. "Pretty soon the two of you will be picking on me together."
“I know, John,” Sherlock said softly. He stood still, not moving despite the urge to. “You had to . . . you were all at risk . . . so it had to look real. But it wasn’t.”
“I am not,” he said.
“Well, I don’t think it’s scary, but I’m the one who made it up. You’re more of a delicate nature, so if you get too frightened, just let me know,” he said, settling back. “Are you ready?”
"Right -- well, let me know when you’ve sorted it," he said. He got his jacket and was halfway out before calling to Sherlock, "Wish me luck!"
"That's okay," John said.
“Whatever -- this is embarrassing,” Ellen said. “You’re embarrassing me.”
“When did all this happen?” she asked, trying not to appear too curious.
“I don’t really know what to do,” Sherlock whispered against John’s skin.
John stuck his tongue out as he shuffled the cards. He dealt them out and brought his close.
John nodded. "Okay. Let's get dinner, then milk, and by then we'll have new energy for round two."
Sherlock said nothing, but eventually he did as he was told. Once that task was finished, he came back to the flat and flopped onto the sofa. He thought about what she’d said, about being on his own. She’d said it like it was a bad thing. It wasn’t, he preferred it. He’d be perfectly fine if he could just get some cases. He’d keep himself working and busy and satisfied. But he knew that cases involved other people and they were letting him down. See? he thought as he carried on this ridiculous argument in his head. It’s other people who were the problem, not him. If he could just get some cases he’d be fine. And if he ever had that other urge for people . . . well, he’d figure that out when it happened again.
John shook his head but laughed as well. "Look, lay down here," he said, patting his thigh. "I want to try something."
"Right and I asked you about this morning," Sherlock said. "I just think it would be interesting to know -- a little insight into your inner world," he added as if his desire to know was purely academic.
“I haven’t changed,” Sherlock said. “I’m older obviously, but I’m still me.”
“Sherlock?” his dad asked.
“Should I be worried that I’m the weakest link in this band of heroes? All the boy does is like adventures. Everyone else is great,” Sherlock pretended to be offended.
"Does your fun have to be at my expense?" Sherlock asked. "It's clear you are mocking me. Take off my clothes, please."
"No idea," Sherlock said. "She's been rabbiting on all afternoon." He got up to make John a cup of tea. "Work all right?"
John looked down at Sherlock, his face almost pressed into John's stomach. John kept petting his hair, relaxing back against the sofa and his hand.
"Get ready," Sherlock said, pushing the coat off over John's shoulders.
John looked at Sherlock now. "No. Do you want to leave things like this?"
“God,” Sherlock called loudly, his upper body lifting slightly off the bed. “Fuck . . . that’s good.” He glanced down but then closed his eyes, letting the pleasure take him.
John looked over at him, slightly surprised. "Do you feel a little better? Can I see your bruising?"
He was clicking through newspapers online when he remembered John Watson suggesting that he set up a website. Would that help? Sherlock didn’t know, but after a little investigation of options, he started one. It kept him busy for a while and, though he probably wouldn’t have admitted it, he quite enjoyed putting it together. Whether or not it’d be worth it, he’d have to wait and see.
Sherlock dipped his head in a little nod. “Are we going to go home today or shall we stay here forever?” he asked.
She looked down into her cup as she took another sip of tea. “I’m sorry,” she said. “You know I worry . . . that’s all this is. I just . . . worry.”
"I've never taken anything from work," he said and shrugged.
Sherlock smiled. He hoped John meant that.
Sherlock stood up and slipped on his trousers. He looked at John. "You'll come down, yeah?" he asked for no real reason.
“I know things have changed,” he said. “I know it’s different.”
“Come home,” Sherlock said.
“Thanks,” she said, blushing a little. “I am happy, Sherlock. I had a beautiful wedding, a lovely honeymoon and now I’m married to a wonderful man for the rest of my life.”
"That all sounds great," he smiled.
Sherlock got up from the chair and carried his phone into the bigger bedroom. He lay down on the bed, but it seemed strange -- it felt like his parents’ bed. So he got up and moved into the smaller room, lying down on the twin bed he used to sleep in. Within a few minutes, he was asleep.
John peeked over at Sherlock and smiled. "That wasn't very scary," he said.
“I know you say that, but it will be different -- you might not be around when I need you.”
"I did! I liked it a lot. But she's right, you know? And I thought . . . it just made me think."
“You had to invite him via a complaint?” she asked.
"She looked okay the last time I saw her," he said, leaning into Sherlock. "I just didn't know she was leaving -- have they let her out or is she giving up?"
“Are you a busy man?” Sherlock asked.
John shrugged. "I don't know. I just got dressed when I got up. Keeping up my routines, I guess," he said.
“It’s ready,” Sherlock’s mum called from the house so they got up and went inside.
“Of course not,” Sherlock said. “We’re on the same team . . . partners.” He put his fork down. “Want to talk about strategy or is it all right if I go back to work?”
Soon it was dark in the flat. Sherlock called out and sat up sharply. He looked around and then checked the time on his phone. 4.28am. He turned to sit properly on the sofa where he obviously had fallen asleep. He got up to make tea, but decided on coffee instead. Maybe it was boredom, maybe that’s all it was. Since he’d left university, he’d been working busy with research with his brother and then Mycroft had introduced him to DI Lestrade and then Sherlock had done some work for him. He’d liked that -- it was challenging and, more importantly, it was his. His brother really had nothing to do with it. Lestrade has assured him his work was good, but there just wasn’t much for him right now. Sherlock hoped that was true, and that it wouldn’t be long until he trusted enough to work on a proper case.
“Well, we’re not really friends anymore . . .” he mumbled.
“We don’t have to watch this,” Sherlock said, handing him the remote.
John smiled and flipped around. He lay his head on Sherlock's thigh, looking up at him.
“He’s handsome, don’t you think?”
“Maybe dating is just boring,” Sherlock suggested. “Maybe you keep blaming it on the girl you’ve chosen, but did you ever stop to think that maybe dating itself is just boring?”
He opened his eyes when he heard a noise from his computer. He saw a message from Mycroft.
“John Watson,” he said. “Obviously. We’re thinking of going on a little trip.”
"I want to pack. Do you want to come over?"
“I am as well,” Sherlock said. He handed John the glass of whiskey. “Finish this, but don't spill any on your pretty outfit,” he said.
Sherlock looked away as he turned, releasing his arm from Jim’s grasp. He walked back to his room and threw his bag against his chair. He grabbed the notebook and flopped onto the bed. His heart was beating irregularly, and he took some deep breaths to settle himself. Then he sat up and grabbed a pen to add the episode to his letter to John.
Sherlock had finished his preparations an hour ago and was now regretting having been so efficient. The waiting was torture, and he'd already changed his mind about his plans four or five times. Perhaps he was being stupid -- he didn't know why he'd had any confidence earlier but he had and once he'd started, he had to finish. But now as he was looking around the flat, he wondered why he'd ever come up with this idea. Perhaps he should scrap it all. He picked up his phone.
“I feel fine,” Sherlock said. He moved his legs to try to get out of bed. He winced and lay back, squeezing his eyes closed. “I’ll be better tomorrow.”
He visited Scotland Yard, doing his best to behave properly in front of (almost) everyone he interacted with. Most of them were idiots, of course, but he wanted Lestrade to trust him, to think of him for cases more complex that standing around a bar watching for a drug dealer. Lestrade said he had nothing, but would call when he did. Sherlock hoped that was true.
“Yes, everything’s good,” Mrs Hudson said. “This conversation is boring.”
Sherlock smiled. “What about me? Did you report to your friend that I was enjoying the band?”
“Fine, it won’t be,” Sherlock said with a smile. “I’ll remind you that you said that, though. Just so you know, I have an excellent memory.”
John shrugged. "Just to be safe."
"Mm, I'm just going to enjoy the show, I think."
Sherlock propped himself up and, watching John watch him, slowly popped open the buttons of his trousers, pushing them down a bit, before pulling out his cock. He closed his eyes as he stroked it a few times and then went back to work on John, pushing a finger inside him.
"Yes, I'm okay," Sherlock said. He slid down again to go back to their original position. "Let's watch the film."
John brushed his teeth and washed his face before coming out again. He stripped down to his briefs and climbed into his bag. "Are you staying up a bit?" he asked.
He picked up the papers and hurried back home. He had twelve messages from Sherlock already so when he arrived, he rushed upstairs without remembering what he was wearing.
“Of course,” Sherlock said. “The others were real . . . and solved by you.”
“He’s gone home,” Sherlock answered.
John grinned. "Perfect," he said as he dug into his dinner.
"Hey," Sherlock said, grabbing his arm. "I don't like boring -- but I quite like you."
John kept looking between the man on his own computer and the footage on Sherlock's. It seemed impossible as time was passing. It was going to take forever. John was about to get up for a snack when he saw it. "There! Pause quick," John said.
"Thank you. I want to thank you both, really."
"Thanks. Look at you making food again," John teased. "I can get used to this."
Sherlock looked over at John. “Is this where you usually entertain your guests?” he asked.
Later that night, while he was having dinner with Mrs. Hudson, he got a text from Williams. He had paid for a more extensive background check than the company's usual pre-employment one and found a whole secret life to his assistant. She was arrested, along with his partner, and the money was going to be distributed back where it was supposed to be from the beginning. He enjoyed his meal with a little more gusto after that, ignoring Mrs. Hudson's curious looks. She didn't ask, but she looked happy as well. After she went home for the night, John found himself at the computer, staring at the blog again. He was supposed to write about what happened to him, to get over his trauma. It couldn't hurt to write this up like old times -- it was only one story about helping a friend. That was all. He licked his lips and started typing slowly.
"Are we going out?" John asked.
John curved house fingers slightly, touching Sherlock's prostate as he moved his fingers.
"Here at the sink, " he murmured, leaning up to kiss Sherlock.
John shook his head, biting his lip guiltily.
____________________________________
“How about not getting dressed then?” Sherlock asked. “It’s three in the afternoon and I’m still wearing my pajamas. Is that really so bad?”
“Have you ever made a fire?”
Sherlock looked over. “You’re not going to sleep with her, are you?” he asked.
“I did,” Sherlock said. “I’ll have it sorted by tomorrow. It’s a ridiculous drug -- there’s no way any high is worth what it will do.” He looked over. “Have you found out who the dealer is?”
John took his food back to the table but waited for Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson to come back to the table before he started eating.
"Don't be stupid," John laughed, swatting the pillow to the ground. "You know what I mean."
The man looked at John again before saying, "We have another one. Another suicide."
“There are books at the cottage, I’m sure he can find one to read there,” Mycroft said. “He’s taking a break from work and you, I’m afraid, represent work.”
John stepped in. "Can you show me?"
"John," Sherlock exhaled. He looked up at him and kissed his mouth hard. "Does it feel good to you? Do you like it?"
“No, of course not,” Sherlock said. “I wasn’t interested in that.”
"We said we wouldn't do anything with it unless we were together -- of course, I remember," Sherlock said. He glanced down at the hole. "If you're going to continue, it's a bit closer to the bush," he said, pointing.
Sherlock sat in the taxi, willing it to move through the streets more quickly. He felt afraid. He closed his eyes and thought of John. He hoped the police were on their way. “Hurry,” he said to them and to the driver.
Sherlock didn’t move from the chair. He’d been looking so forward to coming back to his home, his room, but he was a bit paralyzed by how big it was now. And how empty it felt being here on his own. While he was gone, he was alone but it was in strange places -- now it was in a place where he’d grown used to someone else being there. John being there. Sherlock inhaled and exhaled and reminded himself John would be back any minute.
“Fine,” Sherlock huffed. “I’m just going to lie here and think of my next plan for you.” He rolled away from John. “And it’s going to be even more complicated than the last one. Hope you’re satisfied.”
John hummed softly. "I know."
“Tell me,” Sherlock said.
John looked at his phone and furrowed his brow.
“I know you’re not a wimp,” Sherlock said. “But you sometimes let your emotions rule you. You should spend the film trying to use your logic to solve the crimes.”
John shook his head. "I didn't bring a date," he said.
"Sherlock, it’s going to take time," he said. "You just have to be patient."
John looked over at the bed before sitting down. "Okay. Now tell me what's going on," he said.
“Nothing,” Sherlock said. “And can I just clarify -- the rest of the evening . . . perhaps you should remind me again of your plans so I’m sure.”
"God -- fuck!" John fell back against the door, his hand immediately buried in those curls again, watching that lovely mouth move over him.
Sherlock reached over and held John’s hand. “It’s good, isn’t it?” he said softly. “I prefer a world with just you and me in it.”
"Which is why feelings are stupid," Sherlock pouted.
“Fine,” Sherlock said, getting up. “I’ll do it myself. I’ll work on it all day and you’d better be as good an audience as I was last night.” He moved over to his desk.
“I might have thought it, but I didn’t say it,” Sherlock clarified.
Sherlock shook his head.
"No, but I think I can manage if we have supplies," he said.
John rolled his eyes but couldn't help smiling. "You'll eat your words when I come out here in a tux," he said.
"I didn't think you were either," Sherlock said. "I wasn't expecting to love you, but I do."
John leaned his head closer, a shiver moving through him as Sherlock's breath heated his ear. "You too," he said. "That's a sign you're good at other things," he murmured.
Over the next couple days John spent his days finishing up his paper while going to events for his friend on a few nights. He liked keeping busy like this. The tail end of his medical school was busy enough but it was stressful -- he didn't mind the extra work when he could just go out and relax and people watch for a couple hours. His friend was taking a couple days off to work on things in the office, so John was left looking for something to do with himself. He was thinking about going out, but not to a noisy bar like he did for his friend's work. Tonight he needed  somewhere low key and quiet. He took a quick shower and changed his clothes, heading out.
"Are you planning on staying naked indefinitely?" Sherlock said laughing. "I wasn't planning on getting up. It's just that I feel awake now and . . . I don't know where I was going with that." He laughed again.
Sherlock thought about how John had changed him in ways that no one knew. Perhaps even John was oblivious to it, but Sherlock knew it. He didn’t want to think about that now, though. Yet he really couldn’t think about the case anymore right now. Why did John have to go out tonight of all nights? If he were here, Sherlock could talk to him about what he did and didn’t find and somehow it would’ve helped him find his answer. He was sure about that, but John had ruined it. When did he make this date anyway? He’d told Sherlock about the interview, why had he kept the date a secret?
"I don't think you missed that."
"Sherlock, I just told you they round in the morning," he said. "I mean, they can get a resident in here if you really want to talk to someone, but it’s just going to be some kid who looks at your chart just before he walks in. Do you want the resident?"
Sherlock followed behind John everywhere he went. “So I suppose you’re just going to eat that sandwich then?” he said.
“You think you’ll need all night to get nothing done?”
Sherlock knew that was as good as he was going to get from his brother, so he focused on that as he packed his things.
John shook his head. "All me," he smiled. "I'll talk to you soon."
"Fair enough,” John said, remembering. “But I'd have asked you to leave if I hadn’t wanted you to stay." He smiled. "You can come back tonight if you want to try again."
"Three of a kind," Sherlock said. "Do I win?"
John scooted down more comfortably and pressed play.
“Pick whatever film you want,” Sherlock said as he sat down. “I’m not promising I’ll enjoy it, but I’ll try.”
“Things aren’t the same, Sherlock,” she said softly. “Things have changed.”
“It’s my wife – I think she’s cheating – but she’s always there now so I couldn’t get the privacy to call. She sent me out to the shop near here, so I thought I’d come by.”
Sherlock got up and put his pajamas back on. “Why don’t I see if I can find a takeaway to order? I think they are some who deliver,” he said. “Just to save you the trouble of cooking.”
“John,” Sherlock said, calling him over. “Look at this.”
"I hope you don't mind me saying, but I'm not enjoying this," Sherlock said. "I like just being usual, and this is unusual."
John took the remote and found a channel showing an old film. They finished their meal in silence. When the film ended, John cleaned up the dishes. He returned and said, "I think I'll go to bed."
He glanced over and gave her a look. “I asked you first,” he said.
“The handyman you just met a few hours ago,” she said. “Pay attention, please, he’s the one we’ve been talking about.”
“Because you’re fun,” Sherlock said. He wasn’t really sure what he was saying or even why this was happening. He lifted a hand to John’s hair as he moved to kiss John’s neck.
“Yes,” he said. “We’ve had some cases.”
Suddenly Sherlock called out loudly -- no words, just a sound as his body arched up off the bed and his orgasm passed through him. He squeezed his eyes tight and tried to remember to breathe. John gasped softly. Sherlock was squeezing around him and it pushed him over the edge. He came, moaning Sherlock's name and kissing him sloppily. He felt it through his whole body.
John was sitting at his desk, looking through his essay and marking where he'd be editing and making changes when his phone finally buzzed. It was his friend with a new job. John was eager for a break. He accepted and quickly got ready.
“Right,” Sherlock said. “Do you have a bed?”
In the morning John showered and packed up his essay, glancing through it once before he headed out. He was meeting with an advisor to make sure his last and final paper was on track. He was so close to graduating and starting his residency -- he didn't want anything to mess it up. After his meeting he grabbed some lunch and headed back to his flat to make the suggested changes and finish it up.
Sherlock didn’t know quite how to feel about that response -- it was in his defense, yes, but it was closing down the only communication they’d had for months. He tried to think clearly for a moment before typing.
And finally.
Sherlock had got back from a day of going through files in a locked room, all alone, and opened his laptop to read the newest post. It mentioned Angelo’s, and Sherlock was suddenly overcome with homesickness. He opened up his secure messenger and sent his brother a message.
“No,” Sherlock pouted. He threw a pillow at John. “You’re not the boss of me.”
“I only invited you to move in because I thought you did. You’re lucky I’m still willing to tolerate you.”
"True," Sherlock said. "Though quite a few haven't been in practice for awhile . . . I hope I don't ruin things with those as well." He gave John a little wink.
“I’m not always good at that,” Sherlock said. “I like to know . . .” He put his plate on the table.
John nodded as he caught his breath.
John smiled. "I think I can handle it," he said.
John came in and closed the door. "You did good, not letting him in," he said. "I know you must be desperate for a case."
John nodded, catching his breath a bit. "Now it's your turn," he said, moving to straddle Sherlock's thighs as he kissed him again.
"But it's not normal, is it?" Sherlock asked. "I mean . . . it's different, right? You haven't changed your mind, have you?"
John followed, stepping out of his trousers and pants. He took his shirt off then went back to Sherlock's clothes, climbing over him. "You're so sexy," he said as he peeled off Sherlock's shirt.
"I think I'd like you to start," John said.
Sherlock took a bit of John's order and scooped it onto his plate. "I'm not very hungry," he said. "All full up from the delicious salad."
Sherlock reached for the drawer and looked in. There was some tissues, lube, and condoms, which he’d have found quite intriguing had he discovered them last week, but today he just felt grateful. He spilled some lube into his hand, stroked John’s cock a few times, and then went back to his exploration. He leaned down and began covering John’s chest with kisses.
“It’s Sherlock Holmes, but your billing name might be Hudson. It’s 221 Baker Street. Can you send him straight away?”
He turned and they left. “It appears I still have some detective skills,” he said. “Let’s head home and solve this case.”
"Take them off," Sherlock said irritatedly. "Or go back out and get some milk. No, take them off then go back out and get some milk."
"How did you fall?”
"It just looks good on you," John said. "It's flattering."
“I am too, John,” Sherlock said. “Good night,” he said a little awkwardly. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
"Can we go lay down?" John asked.
“I don’t think so,” Sherlock said. “It all seems a bit pointless.”
Sherlock smiled as he buttered John’s toast. He brought it over to John and then returned to get two mugs of tea. “Did you sleep well?” he asked. “She’s right – you did sleep quite late.”
Another one came quickly.
John smiled. "The crowd seems to like it, they are paying attention, enjoying it," he said. He tapped his glass to Sherlock's and took a drink.
"I know the fucking part isn't true," Sherlock said, wondering what was going on in John's head. "But the other . . .  she said you preferred me, she asked me if I were going to break up with you . . . she's only been here two days and she's saying things . . . people who know us say those things . . . are they all right?"
“Like what?” Sherlock asked.
"About having sex," Sherlock said. "Which is what I would like to do. Tonight, I mean. But I'm still nervous."
"All we need is one word, you'll see," he said.
"Yes," Sherlock said. "The first time." He was now covering John's abdomen with kisses. He tugged lightly on his pajamas. "Can I take these off?"
After a while, Sherlock said, “Are those two monsters married or something? Sorry -- not monsters, ‘super heroes’, I mean.”
John considered the question for a moment. "Yeah, I do. Do you think you love me?"
“Is this your first time away from home?” Jim asked.
"Everything looks just the same," Harry said as she set her bags down.
"Good night Sherlock." John didn't close his eyes right away, taking an extra second to look at him. Then he settled in, thinking about what things they might do tomorrow.
Sherlock still wasn’t sure what to do. He didn’t hate it, but it was strange.
“Just try it, John,” Sherlock shouted. “You might be strong, but I’m clever and fast. I will break both of your legs before you have time to go for a weapon!”
He saw patients with a good attitude, working quickly through the long lines and full waiting room. He wanted to finish and get home again, not because he was tired or annoyed but because he was happy and excited to see Sherlock again, to keep exploring this new relationship.
Sherlock pulled out his phone and looked at it. He put it back in his pocket. He didn’t say anything until they pulled up. He gave the driver some money and then said to John, “Don’t be miserable -- we’ve got something to keep us busy.” He tried to give him a smile.
John packed up a couple things with the book, grabbed his wallet, and left the flat. He got into a taxi and gave the address.
Sherlock did not enjoy having his face stuck in pine needles as he and his father held the tree until his mother deemed it was perfect. And he did not enjoy stringing up lights and ornaments and hearing his mother retell every story from his childhood. However, he did kind of enjoy seeing his mother’s enjoyment of the whole process. His parents had helped him a lot in life -- forgiven many of his faults -- and he, of course, was grateful.
John took a drink and shrugged. "I'm just trying to make it interesting. Let's play something else if you want."
John nodded. "That's all of it," he said.
He pulled back a little. “Perhaps you’ve already had enough to drink,” he said, looking over at John for help.
“What do you remember?” Mycroft asked.
Sherlock humphed. He knew pouting was useless, but it was his standard reaction.
____________________________________
John grabbed Sherlock's hand and took off towards the street for a cab.
John stared up at him, letting the words he'd just heard play in his head over and over again. "You? Oh . . ." he said. He moved closer, traced and then held Sherlock's jaw before tugging him down gently and kissing him.
"That's what I keep telling you," John teased softly.
“You looked more handsome than usual . . . I think because I missed you. . .” Sherlock said. He closed his eyes as he remembered. “Then you helped me . . . you always help me and that’s why I need you around me all the time.”
John smiled. "I am," he said. "I've rarely seen you so uninterested in a case -- not that I'm complaining."
"Every way," he said, tilting his head a bit to give Sherlock more room.
“Of course. Thank you for coming out. I just like to be sure, you know, and now I am,” Sherlock said. He pulled open the door. “Goodbye.”
"Well, what have we been doing?? I don't know -- read or work or . . . fuck, John, what have we been doing all this time? I honestly can’t remember."
Sherlock went back into the kitchen and brought out the sausages. He returned with some rolls on a plate and two bowls of salad before going back in to get a couple empty plates, silverware and water. Then he sat down to watch John. "Thanks for doing this," he said. "I saw my mum stuck in some marshmallows if you want those for dessert."
"No," he said. "I just got up a little while ago. What are you doing?"
John nodded. "I assume you've worked on some pretty exciting cases. That's what people like," he smiled.
"No . . . I don't think," Sherlock said. "I just mean . . . since I don't have anything pressing that I need to be up for. Anyway, I guess all I'm saying is I'm going to have a cup of tea now." He turned to fill his mug.
“Yes,” she said. “He’ll be back on Christmas, though. We won’t do anything big, though, but you’ll help me in the kitchen, right?”
John nodded. "I don't sleep well as it is, so you don't have to worry about that," he said.
"Yes," John breathed. "You feel so good."
“It’s a shame it’s not a real break where we could go somewhere,” Sherlock said. “Like a little holiday or something, I mean. Though I normally don’t like holidays. I don’t know what I’m talking about it.” He took a long drink of tea, mostly just to avoid continuing to talk.
John moved into the water quickly, shouting at how cold it was but diving under anyway. He swam a decent length before coming up again and wiping his face. "Sherlock! This is great. Why didn't we ever come here when we were little?" he asked. He dove again and swam towards Sherlock to come closer to him before floating up on his back and closing his eyes against the sun. It felt amazing.
John rolled his eyes. "It's not the same," he said.
"Where is he calling?"
"You're thinking of us in the same bed?"
John was downstairs in Mrs Hudson’s flat. "Do you need help with anything?" he asked.
Sherlock looked at his hand and then looked over at John's face, studying it. "Are you sure you shuffled well? First hand . . . a straight," he said as he lay down his cards with a cheeky smile.
"This is just what happens, John," Sherlock said. "Her getting clean is a good idea . . . she just didn't go about it the right way."
She stopped juggling him but waited for an answer.
John put his drink down on the table beside the sofa without looking so he could bring both hands to Sherlock's cheeks as they kissed.
Sherlock handed John a cup of tea. “Thank you for coming home,” he said and sat down. He waited for John to do the same.
“I’m all right,” she said and took a sip of tea. “Have you been thinking about going back to work, though?” she asked softly.
John touched Sherlock's cheeks, spreading them a bit before opening the lube. He poured a good amount, slowly pushing in one finger.
"What do you mean?" John asked, putting away the food now.
"Please don't be so dramatic," he said. "I don't control crime in London."
John's pupils dilated. "Yes, I do," he nodded, crawling up to get it from the bedside drawer.
“Right,” Sherlock said. “Well, that may or may not change -- or rather that could be something you do if you care about it being too cluttered because I don’t care about it.”
John stroked himself until he felt Sherlock push into him. "Fuck Sherlock," he moaned.
Sherlock looked at the door and then back to John. "Really? That seems a little complicated," he said. "Especially when it's so cold."
"He's all right," Sherlock replied as he stretched a bit. "Look, I might actually go into my room -- there's a couple things I wanted to read before tomorrow anyway, so I can do that in there so you can get some sleep."
"It's just the embellishments - that's what you called them. It's not straight facts, like you'd write," John explained.
“God,” Sherlock moaned. He reached up and grabbed John’s head with his hands, pulling it down roughly close to his. “Move,” he said, looking straight into John’s eyes.
"People we know or strangers? I used to dial random numbers and get strangers."
“I refuse to accept that,” he said. He looked at his watch. “All right, we each have 24 hours to come up with something to do tomorrow that is interesting like we used to be. Whatever we each come up with, we both have to do it. Deal?”
"That sounds very agreeable," John nodded. He wasn't ready for the date to end just yet.
“Are you having nightmares again or just worrying?”
Sherlock pulled the blanket up over him. “Patience is not really my thing,” he said, softening his voice.
“Sherlock --” John said, surprised. Then he felt a slice of heat cut through his body. He allowed himself to dance with Sherlock. "I remember," he nodded. "It was nice."
John flushed lightly. Sherlock was all of those things for him as well. All this time John was dating girls thinking his first time should be more . . . traditional, but he realised now that was stupid. He was attracted to both, why couldn't his first time be with a boy? Especially a boy he already liked?
"Let me take it off you," Sherlock said, slowly unbuttoning the coat. "I want to help you, John. With whatever you need."
Sherlock ordered for them both. He turned and looked round the room. “So is this how you imagine it will all end for you -- a wedding like this?” he asked.
Sherlock kissed John again, letting his hand drop to John’s back, settling on his shoulder blade. Then he looked at John’s face and said, “It is different with someone I like.”
“What? No -- where are you going?” Sherlock asked, stopping in his tracks.
"I'm going to explode," Sherlock exhaled into John's ear. His body moved on its own now, rocking the bed as he could feel the coil tighten in his core.  "God . . ." he moaned as his orgasm hit.
"The adventure . . . right," John said.
"Me too," John said, kissing along his jaw and down his neck now.
“You feel . . . good,” Sherlock said, his mind focusing on the pleasure rather than his vocabulary. His hand sped up to match John’s speed. “It’s . . .” he started but couldn’t continue as the words were replaced with small grunts.
“We don’t have to cook out over a fire, do we? I don’t remember that.”
“You didn’t give the driver any money, did you?”
John nodded. "When you watched . . . which position did you like best?"
He looked at the results -- there's weren't very many. Most of them referred to some website about science deduction. John clicked on it and started to scroll through it. The site was very scientific. Even as a doctor John was bored to death reading it. There was a list of tobaccos ash -- over two hundred! He shook his head and clicked out of the site. That couldn't be the man he met. This man was . . . boring. He kept looking, but there wasn’t much else.
“Let’s just act like it didn’t happen,” she said. She glanced over at him. “I was still your first kiss, though, right?”
"No, I didn't," John said. "Did you?"
John picked up lunch and came home to find Sherlock was gone. He sat in his chair and ate a sandwich. He was digging out his phone to call Sherlock when it started ringing in his hand. Assuming it was from the surgery he picked it up, and in a way he was right. It was the woman he'd met in the lobby. Her interview had gone all right but not great -- which was good news for John. They talked for a few minutes and then made plans for that night.
Sherlock handed John a cup of tea. “And that’s it?” he asked. “That’s all you needed?”
“An adventure,” Sherlock said. He closed his laptop and put it on the table next to the bed. He reached over and turned out the light and then lay flat at the bed, staring up at the ceiling.
"How?"
"I know you like check ups," John said.
He moved closer to Sherlock and touched his arm lightly so he'd look at John. "Maybe it would be good to try it with my best friend," he said.
John nodded, moving to climb up and get comfortable, watching Sherlock with a soft smile.
“You were wrong,” Sherlock said softly. “There wasn’t anyone who even came close to you.”
“Good night, Sherlock,” they both said.
"I suppose so," Sherlock admitted. "What do you think of that?"
John grinned. "We'll bring out Captain Holmes once in a while. I'm happy with you," he said.
"I have never . . . masturbated in this flat," Sherlock said. He swirled the wine in his glass and then look straight at John, waiting for his answer.
“Everything I do is interesting, John Watson,” Sherlock said. He led them down the path to a sculpture of a man. Sherlock sat down at the bench near it. “What do you think?” he asked. “It’s called The Man Who Watches.”
"They're cases, not stories," Sherlock said, looking at the menu for no reason. "Stories are fiction. The cases are all true."
“Of course not -- it’s not going to take hours and we’ll be eating after, won’t we?” Sherlock said.
Sherlock’s brain shifted quickly. “Yes, actually,” he said. “I’m a collector -- it’s actually possible the painting was a forgery.”
“I’ve got some –- and some lube, it said we’d need lube,” Sherlock said, reaching over to his bedside drawer.
Sherlock read through his Inbox which had nothing of interest. He kept watching for John to come back down, but he didn’t. He slid his phone from his pocket.
Sherlock picked up the envelope and considered whether or not he should open it before giving it to John. "We are friends," he said softly for no reason.
“What guy?” Sherlock asked and then stopped. All of a sudden he was hit a jolt of realisation: he was not going to be the one who solves this, John was. Because this case wasn’t about narrowing down ingredients or determining effects of a drug -- Sherlock had done those things, but in many ways, they were irrelevant. This case was about arresting a dealer. Which is what John was asked to work on and what John alone would do.
“You hiding something in there?” Sherlock asked suspiciously.
She nodded. "I wanted to cook something for you. Do you mind coming to my place?"
"It depends. Sometimes I do it before work. I didn't today, so I will tonight."
John smiled and kissed Sherlock's temple. "Good night, Sherlock."
“I don’t think that will work,” John said. “We need the money.”
John pushed him lightly and shook his head. "Don't ruin the moment," he said.
"Yeah, that would be good," he said. "Whatever you want is fine with me."
“It’s pain enough to have you there,” Lestrade said.
“You’re right,” Sherlock said. “That’d be stupid.” He took another sip. “Are you going to tell me about your work or not?”
“Good,” Sherlock said. He pushed the remote out of John’s hand and then laced their fingers together. He turned his focus to the television, though he was still thinking of them lying next to each other when they went to bed.
“Not men -- a man. The police asked me to locate a known drug dealer and thought he might be at that bar,” Sherlock said. “Your so-called friend isn’t a known drug dealer, is he?”
“Why? John asked.
John held his gaze. "I want you," he said. "I want to feel you everywhere..."
John chuckled as he slowly pulled out and lay beside him, catching his breath.
“It’s one of my specialties,” Sherlock said.
“Let’s go in and I’ll do the washing up,” Sherlock said. He grabbed the bowl and headed in.
"I've never been picky about that before," he said.
"I still think he seems pretty interesting,” John said. “But why is everyone in caves?"
Sherlock moved and bent down, sitting on his knees between John’s knees. He pushed John’s legs further apart and began rubbing John’s thighs, massaging the muscles and separating them even more. He leaned in and rested his head on one of John’s legs, reaching up to unbutton John’s jeans. “I missed your taste . . .” he whined softly.
"It's okay," John said, using the shirt as well and tossing it off the bed. He scooted closer to Sherlock and just stared at him, admiring his flushed face.
"I'm only stating facts. That's what you always do," John said. He came back into the sitting room and peeked at the computer. "Anything good?”
"We'll need to do something about that," Sherlock said.
“Yes,  but now I’m cleaning it up obviously,” Sherlock said, lifting his soapy hands.
“I don’t know. I know I saw someone . . . I thought maybe she had something to do with the case or . . . I don’t know why, maybe she knew you or something. It doesn’t make sense now . . . it was stupid of me. I should’ve just left.”
“You should have known I’d figure something out.”
Sherlock thought for a moment -- in a way that described him exactly: there were very few people he cared about but John was one, and for John, he too was trying.
“Right,” Lestrade said awkwardly. “Well, thanks again.”
Sherlock nodded, pulling on John’s shirt and then stopping and letting John do it. He watched him for a minute and then started to take off his own trousers. John pushed his trousers off as well, his eyes moving over Sherlock's body.
Sherlock kissed John’s mouth and then moved a bit to reach the drawer, pulling it open and grabbing the box and bottle. He pushed John down onto the bed and crawled over top of him. He grabbed John’s hand and pulled it toward him. “Keep going,” he said.
“Sherlock, don’t make jokes,” Mycroft said.
“Of course not,” he said.
Molly started tidying up. “I’ll keep this stuff locked up in case it’s needed for the case or whatever,” she said. “It was amazing how you figured that all out.”
There was a knock at the door. Sherlock instinctively said John’s name and then felt embarrassed. The door opened and Mrs Hudson come in. “You busy?” she asked.
"You can't stay here, we don't even have a room." John didn't smile back. This was the last thing he needed right now.
“All right,” Sherlock said, sitting back. “I won’t argue.”
It was like a conversation. A short one and of course John didn’t know it was him, but still it felt good. It felt real. God, Sherlock missed John.
Sherlock looked at the book. “I don’t even know,” he said. “I’m not even reading it.” He set it down. “Let’s watch something else.”
"I won't. I just . . . look, if you're happy with my apology, can we change the subject and talk about something else?"
Despite this doubt, though, going into John’s room holding John’s hand felt a million times better than sneaking up here on his own. Kissing John was brilliant. Just the thought popping into his mind made Sherlock take John into his arms and pull him onto the bed. He held onto him tightly, moving their bodies as close together as he could. “This is what I want all the time,” he confessed. “I don’t want you to ever not be this close.”
“All I’ve done since you arrived is enjoy your presence -- excuse me for expressing a feeling,” Sherlock said, bringing over the tea. “Let’s go outside so I can have a cigarette.”
"No, I'll be home. I'll take her out or something."
“I don’t feel I’ve learned anything, if I’m honest,” he said. “How can there be so little information about a man as rich as that gallery owner? I’ve searched everything. I can’t find any family, education or employment history . . . the few times his name comes up it’s only in reference to the gallery. I don’t know what to make of it.”
Lestrade stepped into the flat and noticed Sherlock was not alone. “I’m sorry . . . am I interrupting something?” he asked.
"It was really busy, but I didn't mind," he said. "The day went by quickly."
“Right,” Sherlock said.  He was certain he would struggle to sleep, but he was also certain he wouldn’t bother John with that. “Good night then.”
“Let’s kiss again,” Sherlock said, but this time he leaned and nuzzled John’s neck, kissing the skin softly.
John took a hot shower and ordered delivery for dinner, flipping on the news while he ate. He picked up his phone again and opened the messages with Sherlock.
The nurse looked back at the computer and clicked a few times. "Oh. Well, can I see ID please? We take the privacy of our patients --"
“I came to university here and haven’t really left . . . well, I was away for a short time, but I won’t leave again,” Sherlock said. “And you?”
"He was looking out for you. 'Don't hurt John. Don't disappoint him.' Is that what you've been telling him? That I'm a loser?"
“It’s just two days, Sherlock,” she said. “You’ve made it this far, two more days won’t matter.”
John woke up late, loving the idea that the whole day was his. He went down and had breakfast --his mum was already outside working in the yard, weeding and planting flowers. He watched her digging in the dirt and blinked as a memory came back to him. Sherlock and him digging in the flowers, burying a box of knick-knacks. He swallowed hard as he remembered that night, the plan they had.
“It has,” Sherlock said, remembering. “But it’s been a bit of a ride since that first day in the lab. You’ve changed a lot in my life.”
Sherlock pushed himself up a bit on the bed. Then he reached down, trying to find his clothes which were at the foot of the bed. He got up quickly and slipped his trousers on.
John carded his fingers in Sherlock's hair again. "Me too."
“I know,” Sherlock said, stepping back and sitting down. He took a sip of whiskey. “I doubt anyone else on our street did that tonight.”
He took advantage of the morgue’s equipment for as long as he could, but when Molly came in to say she was leaving, he packed up the information he’d gathered and said he’d go with her. He walked her to her door and then made his way back to Baker Street, dragging multiple books from his shelf to begin researching what he’d found.
“You’re quite different,” Sherlock said.
"Thank you, Sherlock," John said, smiling as he closed his eyes.
Sherlock exhaled. “Okay,” he said. “Thank you.”
“Is that a seagull on that guy’s head?” he asked. “Wait, no I guess it’s his hair. What a ridiculous haircut.”
Sherlock wasn’t sure what his reaction should be -- he knew John wanted work and the money would obviously help him. However, a job for John would mean he’d be around here less and he really didn’t want that, but for some reason he felt he shouldn’t say that aloud. So instead he said, “I suppose you’re interpreting this as your luck again,” he said.
“I know that,” Sherlock said. “I just mean . . . here . . . might be different. I told myself it wouldn’t -- that when I got home everything and everyone would be the same, but that’s probably not the case.”
John ignored him and went to the sofa to eat. He stacked the pillows between them.
"Yes, you were great," John said. "I don't think there's a right or wrong thing to say."
Sherlock shifted and got rid of the condom and then lay down next to John. “You know . . . we live with each other . . . we could do this kind of thing on a regular basis . . .” He looked over. “What do you think?”
“I don’t,” Sherlock said. “I don’t want you to think of anyone else like that.”
Sherlock reached over and grabbed John’s arm. “Listen, I kind of sprang this on you, on us, so all I’m saying is we don’t have to do it this very second, okay?” he said, then let go of John’s arm. “Maybe tomorrow you’ll meet the perfect woman, and I won’t be needed.”
“I don’t like. . .” Sherlock started, but instead of continuing he shoved a fork full of noodles into his mouth. What he wanted to say was that he didn’t like not knowing. Not knowing what would happen, not knowing what to expect. He tried everything he could to keep control, at least of the things he could control. He didn’t like not being able to control his life. He swallowed more food.
“I know, but today’s different -- I did hard labour, don’t forget.”
"I dare you to . . . go get a hug from Mrs Hudson, but you're not allowed to ask for one."
John shook his head. "I won't kick her out. I'm sure she'll leave when she's finished doing what she needs to. I'm glad she finally in the programme and actually following it this time."
“Okay,” Sherlock said. “I am too. I don’t know if I ever said it, so I thought I would.”
John was solving cases without him. He re-read the whole blog again, but that new post distracted him -- suddenly the whole blog was changed. It wasn’t their story anymore. He closed the laptop and started out the window again. His eyes were watering, and he closed them.
John smiled. "What's your first thought?" he asked suggestively.
“That’s one way of looking at it,” Sherlock said. He looked over. “You do look very smart even though your hair’s a little shaggy.”
“I didn’t cheat,” Sherlock said. “Have you got another question?”
“Oh, god,” Sherlock said. “The hospital?” he asked, though it wasn’t really a question.
John helped him take it off before pulling off his own shirt.
"Well, maybe you just need more proof.”
Sherlock smirked. "You think you're being funny, but smoking makes everyone look sexy – even people who wear ridiculous jumpers," he said. "I can barely control my desire."
“I love skiing,” she said. She led them to a little bench and they sat down. They were still holding hands.
“Good,” Sherlock said. “Because you’re the only one I’ll be dancing with.”
“That, or the sleeping pills I put in the soup last night,” Sherlock said, getting up and moving over to the table. He sat down next to John, giving him a cheeky grin.
“That’s all we do here,” Sherlock said. “Let me show you around.” He got up and led John around. “I’ve been sleeping in here,” he said, motioning to the smaller room with two single beds.
John turned, surprised. "Come in," he said, shifting to sit up.
"I tried to be there! He doesn't let anyone in. He didn't, anyway. Interesting that doesn't seem to apply to you . . ." She stared over at him. Then they both heard footsteps on the stairs.
John leaned up to kiss him, moving his own body to match Sherlock's. Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, letting the pleasure fill his entire body. Then he opened his eyes again -- he wanted to see John, know that this pleasure was about him, about them together. Finally.
“Well, I want a word with the vicar -- it’s hardly a sanctuary if I can’t do what makes me most comfortable,” Sherlock said. He was pouting. He hadn’t wanted to come, but Mrs Hudson said he’d had to.
“John, I am not good at ‘relaxing’ at the best of times. You expect me to start during a global pandemic?”
Sherlock moved over and sat down on the edge of the bed, but then he was faced away from John. So he shifted a little and moved to sit next to him, but not too close. “Things are different . . . between us, I think,” he said softly.
"Was it a case?" she asked.
Heat spread through John's body and he smiled wide and happy. "I'm glad I came along too," he said.
John nodded, standing to get his wallet out. "Here you go."
“You mean you think it’s boring?”
Sherlock set the laptop down on the bed. He hadn’t thought this out. He got up and moved to the window for another cigarette. This was probably a stupid idea. Clearly, Sherlock had experience lying, even lying to John, but somehow this felt different and he wondered if he could pull it off. He also knew Mycroft would be furious. Yet, how could he pass up this chance to communicate -- to know for sure that John was all right? He had to think of something. He needed to focus on coming up with a case. He closed his eyes and tried to think, but all he could see was John’s face. He opened them again and thought some more.
"It's too sexy," Sherlock said, pulling John's head towards his for another deep kiss. He nodded toward the drawer. "Can you reach in there?" he asked.
John paid the bill and leaned back to finish up the wine in his glass.
A minute later Sherlock came through the door with two glasses of water. “I’m here -- don’t nag,” he teased as he set one drink down on the table by John and then tried to balance his own as he climbed over John and his computer.
"Do you mean romantically?" John asked.
"The gun's gone," Sherlock said. "Chemicals are in those beakers, but none of them is alcohol," he added. He stood up but wasn't sure why. He decided he needed more tea. "Maybe you should go up to John's room," he said as he moved to the kitchen.
Sherlock got back to the flat and turned on the kettle. However, before it boiled, he turned it off instead and poured himself a small glass of wine. He felt irritated for some reason, probably because he’d failed Lestrade. A little wine might not resolve the irritation, but it couldn’t hurt.
Sherlock did his best to hide his pleasure at his brother’s absence. He helped his mother with some kitchen-related tasks and then offered to bring in some wood from outside. Before going in, though, he pulled out a cigarette and lit it. Then he pulled out his phone.
Sherlock stared at the television for a few moments. "Well, that's good," he said eventually. "Obviously I don't know her at all, and besides my taste in friends is quite questionable -- I've only got the one and he's always pulling stunts like moving his sister into our flat." He glanced over at John and gave him a little smile.
John laughed. "Whatever! I don't need this abuse," he said in mock offense.
John rest his forehead on Sherlock's, his cheeks flushed. When Sherlock's eyes lifted to meet John's, John leaned in and kissed him softly, just pressing his lips to Sherlock's.
"I didn't expect you yet, I didn't make enough. What would you like?" she asked.
She gave him a smile and said, "I know not even you believe that anymore, Sherlock. Let's finish our tea and then we can put up the tree."
He dropped the phone and went to the bathroom to wash his face before doing back downstairs.
“Not right now,” Mrs Hudson said. “Be careful . . .”
"Tonight or tomorrow?" John asked.
Sherlock called out John's name with pleasure. He reached down to squeeze John's shoulder. "Good," he mumbled, scarcely able to complete a word, let alone a full sentence.
"I don’t know that I’d be able to afford ‘perfect place’ prices," he said.
"No. We have a case, Greg called."
His father smiled at Sherlock in thanks.
“You don’t know your own surname?”
“That would be nice,” Sherlock said as he got up. He took the plates away and returned with two cups of tea. “We’ve never gone on holiday . . . maybe we really should.” He sat back down, leaning against John’s shoulder.
“The theft was real,” Mycroft said. “I’m afraid it was all a bit of a misunderstanding. There is no Charles Altamont.”
"True," Sherlock said. He took a sip of wine and then stood up, moving the dishes to the sink. "I suppose I should bin this?" he asked, lifting the casserole dish.
“The flat is interesting -- interesting is good,” Sherlock said. “I’m a consulting detective. I solve cases.”
"And what do you want to do, then?" Join asked.
Sherlock led John out on the street, and they began to walk. He pulled a cigarette out and offered one to John but was not surprised when he didn’t take it. He lit the cigarette and inhaled deeply before exhaling into the sky. “Would you say you are open-minded, John?” he asked.
"No," John laughed. "Online, like a website or a blog or something."
"No! You're twisting my words," John said. "You're all those things. But we're friends."
When they arrived, Sherlock led them inside. He approached a woman standing near a piece of large art. “Do you work here?” he asked.
"I thought you said you’d solved it? We can celebrate tomorrow," he said. "I'll treat."
"That's perfect," John said, walking past Sherlock to get some more water.
Sherlock watched him go. He lit another cigarette but definitely didn’t want it, so he stubbed it out. He got up and headed into his own room.
“I don’t think so,” Sherlock said. “I really can only remember just once.”
John watched Sherlock's face as he came--he was gorgeous lost in pleasure. John kissed his mouth and let go, coming into Sherlock's hand and moaning his name against Sherlock's lips.
Tonight Sherlock felt worried and jealous and a little bit sad. John was making him have these feelings, and he needed to figure out what to do.
John rolled his eyes when he saw the message. He found the emoji with the middle finger and sent three of them to Sherlock. When he continued making his lunch, he started slamming things for real.
"I think if I skip a couple songs it'll be fine," he smiled. "You're quite insatiable."
“I did,” Sherlock said. “But I was always the more imaginative one. You’re more by the book – don’t forget to do the washing up, don’t stay up too late, don’t sleep with your flatmate . . .” He picked up his pillow and hit John with it.
“It is,” Sherlock answered. “Could you tell me . . . am I speaking to Mr Charles Altamont?”
John nodded. "God yes," he said, moving back a bit to watch.
Harry sat in John's chair. "You tell me. I want to see you in action. And anything John has told you doesn't count so it's like you say to your clients: don't be boring," she smiled.
“No, it wasn’t luck,” Sherlock said. “I wanted to find you, though I wasn’t sure you’d want me to.”
John changed quickly, and they headed downstairs to the police car.
“Good,” Sherlock said. “Whatever you want,” he repeated, entirely unnecessarily.
"Just some water," John said. He leaned closer. "Are we going to sneak out?" he whispered.
John had changed so many things in his life. That he (and everyone else) knew. One of those things was that he occasionally made Sherlock feel. Thus far, that had been mostly all right  because the feelings were usually pleasure -- pleased when John listened, proud when John helped. Tonight’s feelings didn’t feel good. These felt pretty bad actually.
"Married to your work, remember?" He shook his head. "It'll be different now. If you want."
"Um, it looks like old episodes of Eastenders," John said.
“That’s fine,” Sherlock said stupidly.
Sherlock nodded and took a sip of tea. “Thanks,” he said. “He gone?”
“Boring,” Chris said.
"I recognised you,” she said. “From the very first day -- I knew it.”
“You’re not here as my doctor,” Sherlock said. “Besides I’m the boss here since you’re the boss at the flat.”
“I don’t know -- Mycroft said it’s done, so I’ve decided to believe him,” Sherlock said. “As for right this moment, I don’t know what happens. As far as London is concerned, my calendar is empty for all eternity.”
“Please stop bullying me,” Sherlock said. “I just bought you a drink.”
Sherlock had moved over to the sofa and flicked through the television channels with the sound down. He made one more cup of tea and watched the end of a film he thought he recognised but then realised he hadn’t. Then he turned off the television and went into his room, getting into bed with a book. This bored him quite quickly and he decided to just give up and go to sleep.
Upstairs Sherlock checked all the faucets -- they all worked fine. He assumed they would, but for some reason, he’d quite enjoyed getting all worked up for nothing. He thought about taking a bath or washing up the dirty dishes now that he could, but decided against it. He moved over to his desk and began to work.
“Do you remember last month when you insisted on telling me every detail of a dream you had about living in a zoo? I don’t remember you being worried that I’d think you really wished you were a panda,” Sherlock said. “Of course, that said, your protest has actually made me question if you are actually thinking of ‘jumping’ me all the time. Which is fine, I guess – just make sure to be focused when we’re working on cases, please.”
They lay there catching their breath. “Your flat’s a bit bare,” Sherlock said finally. He glanced over and smiled as he added, “Comfortable bed, though.”
“You’re better at this kind of stuff,” Sherlock said. “But I won’t stop.” He kept digging until finally it seemed deep enough. Sherlock looked at his watch. “Fifteen minutes,” he said. “Just like I said.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "He’s boring."
"Still handsome, though," John smiled.
John nodded against his shoulder. "I don't . . . I can't lose you again, Sherlock."
"I need to take something off . . . I want to feel more," John said breathlessly.
“John, the goal was to prove we are interesting people – what I’ve got planned is not intense, it’s interesting,” Sherlock said. “Remember being interesting? It wasn’t that long ago.”
“All right,” she said. “See you later,” she added as she got up.
"Good," Sherlock said. "Should I come with you or do you want to take her on your own?"
“No, I’m afraid Timmy recently left our firm and his whereabouts are unknown to us.” Sherlock looked over at John who was leaning down close to the phone before noticing that he himself was too. God, they were both behaving like children. But at least it was interesting and fun.
"John Watson," she said, leaning back comfortably.
"Yes," Sherlock said quickly, standing up. "Harry was just telling me she's decided to go into rehab."
“Perhaps we shouldn’t make any assumptions until we know each other a little longer,” Sherlock said. “So far, you have not been what I’d expected.”
“Okay,” Sherlock said with relief.
Sherlock got the food ready. He’d brought some jam he remember John liking, hoping it was still his favourite. He boiled the kettle again and then went outside the back to find a little table to use with the chairs.
“Yes,” Sherlock lied. “I think.”
“I’m in no rush,” Sherlock said. He leaned down and swirled his tongue around John’s nipple.
Sherlock glanced over, noticing that the man’s pupils were slightly dilated. Interesting. “Not serious. I’m not a very serious man,” Sherlock said. “And your date -- not a drinker?” he added, nodding to the man’s one glass.
“We’ve made it so far,” Sherlock said, patting John’s leg. “I’m glad I’ve been stuck here with you. I mean, if I had to be stuck here, I’m glad we’re together.”
“Well done you,” she said, taking the flower and leaning in to give him a kiss on the cheek. “Your business is coming along nicely.”
“Obviously, but he seemed much better.”
They lay quietly for a few minutes, and then Sherlock heard his phone ring. He reached down and grabbed it from his trouser pocket. “It’s Lestrade,” he said. “What should I do?”
"I first heard it at a show for another band. They were opening, but they were good so I looked up their music and have enjoyed it ever since. Is this the first time you're hearing it?"
"Hmm. I see. Seems like John is still learning that," John said. He sat up to take one more sip of whiskey and then lay down flat, warm and comfortable.
He closed his eyes and thought about kissing John last night. It was good. Then it dawned on him that they hadn’t kissed this morning. Why not? Had John changed his mind -- was it just because of the excitement of the danger? Oh God, Sherlock thought, sitting up. Was that what John had meant when he wanted to talk about “the other thing”? He got up and rushed to the bathroom, stepping inside.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” she asked. “I shudder to think what Sherlock Holmes considers fun.”
John reached down to stroke himself. "I'm getting close . . .”
“Where was John going to dinner?” Sherlock said. He was already putting his coat on.
“If there’s nothing else, I’ll leave you.”
"Good," Sherlock said. "Now feed me."
“Good thing that's the only thing," John said, wrapping his fingers around Sherlock's cock and stroking steadily, slow and deliberate.
“Maybe,” Sherlock said.
After one final look, John closed the box and locked it. "This is exciting."
"What trick are you playing?" John asked, looking at his crap cards.
“What am I supposed to do?” Sherlock asked stupidly.
"Kind of," John admitted, shrugging his shoulders.
“I don’t know, John,” Sherlock said. “I’ve already forgotten what normal is – well, our normal, I mean.” He closed his eyes and tried to think. “Well, normally you would probably be out on a date, so maybe that’s what’s throwing me off. You always go out when we don’t have a case.”
Sherlock smiled. "Disgusting," he said. He pushed John down and lay down flat on top of him. "You're warm," he said as he slid his arms under John's body.
John read the message and nodded. "Alright. I'll relax," he promised.
“Will all the plumbing work then, or did you fix it just to help the sweet old lady?” Sherlock asked, looking the man over closely.
“Morning,” he mumbled as he came into the kitchen.
John tilted his head. "Are you having trouble again?"
"We've been wasting opportunities!"
Sherlock got them two bottles of water and sat down at the table. “Did you bring your things?” he asked John quietly.
John grinned. "I'm very good as well."
Harry just lifted her hand in a wave as they left and went down the stairs. John let her into the taxi first before climbing in and giving the address.
John leaned even closer, his eyes fixed on Sherlock's. He licked his lips lightly and felt the corner of his mouth twitch into a smile when Sherlock glanced at them. "What else?"
When John got back to the flat, he spread out his notes on the table and looked at everything together. He couldn't see it -- Sherlock would have picked out the culprit right away, some small sign that they had more money than they were showing, that they were guilty. He rubbed his temples and kept looking over the notes until it was late. He put it all away before bed, not wanting to risk Mrs Hudson seeing if she came up in the morning.
“Thanks,” he mumbled. He’d been hoping to be on his own for the ride back to school. He glanced over and she was still looking at him, which he knew meant he should say something else. “Your part was good.”
"Okay. Um, just a water for me as well. And a glass of white wine," he said, glancing back at their table.
John reached out and touched Sherlock's ankle. "Night."
“I’m ready,” Sherlock said, lifting himself upright. “You?”
“I don’t think that’s good for your health,” Sherlock said. “Just because you’re busy, you shouldn’t be neglecting yourself.” He sat down. “Sit for a moment -- I won’t keep you long, but I thought it might be nice to chat for a moment.”
“Of course,” Sherlock said. “Thinking of this,” he added, “so hurry.”
Sherlock hadn’t had internet access for a while. He missed John even more -- it was stupid, of course, because John didn’t know it was Sherlock behind those messages, but Sherlock did and the conversations were comforting even though their subject matter was imaginary. On the train, he took out paper and began writing John a letter. He didn’t mention anything about being gone or what he was doing while gone. Instead he wrote about his favourite memories and how John was always in them.
John got into bed and pulled the covers up as he shifted to get comfortable. He thought about the conversation he just had with Sherlock -- maybe he must be annoyed with him for not helping with the case. He had a date, though, and he can't put everything in his own life on hold. But the Sherlock was his life now, too.
“I do,” John nodded, blinking his eyes open to look up at Sherlock. He looked very sure of himself, a bit smug even. It was beautiful.
When Sherlock opened his eyes, the room was quiet. John was gone. He panicked for a moment, thinking John had gone off to work or maybe he was in danger again. He sat up and quickly went downstairs. Then he heard the toilet flush and relief came over him. He moved over to the kettle to turn it on.
"Because they only call you for something big or you'll only work for something big?" he asked.
John smiled. "She really threw you off, huh? You asked me that already. Tell me what you were trying to work on," he said.
"Are you really in separate rooms? You can tell me, you know." She grinned stupidly again, and John wanted to shut the door in her face.
“I’ve never done this,” he said stupidly.
John grinned. "Yeah, that's the gist of it."
John stood. "More next time. Together, okay?" He brought Sherlock's hand to his own cock again, bucking into it.
"Fuck," John moaned softly, bucking into his hand.
John nodded. "I am," he said. "How are you doing?"
Sherlock stood up again. "You are handsome, you know," Sherlock said. "And quite sexy," he added with a wink.
John took Sherlock's hand again. "That's okay, Sherlock."
"Hello?"
Sherlock thought for a moment. It hadn’t been an actual case really, but impressing his brother was bound to have benefits (even though Sherlock would never admit that to anyone). “So that’s it?” he asked.
Sherlock’s mum frowned. “I don’t think so,” she said.
"No," he said. He sat up and stretched, getting up to get cleaned up and dressed as well. "Think anyone will know?"
Sherlock stepped back and started to unbutton John’s shirt, letting it fall off and to the ground. “Should I take off mine now?” he asked, starting to undo the buttons.
“I’m waiting,” Sherlock said. “I don’t have many clients on my own, well I’ve had a few but the cases have been . . . ludicrous.  I have helped the police a few times, but I need them to call me for something . . . big.”
“John who?”
"It's not just the activity, Sherlock. It's the intention behind them," John said.
"Sorry," John said, smiling at him. "But next time you will now. I hope."
"Why can't it be both?" he asked, smiling wider.
John leaned down, a bit shy now that it wasn't in the heat of the moment, and he kissed Sherlock softly. "I quite like you, too."
John smiled at both of them. He put down all three drinks, having brought another glass of wine for Mrs. Hudson as well. "I hope they let us eat soon," he said as he sat down on her other side again.
“Of course,” she said.
John nodded. "I'd like that a lot."
“Why do you like these things?” Sherlock asked. “They’re ridiculous.”
“No,” he said. “I’ve never done it.”
“That’s not what I want,” Sherlock said. “I want you to . . . be around all the time.”
Sherlock said nothing.
John bit his lip. "Will we be sleeping in separate rooms?."
John chuckled softly. "Not something you can really forget," he said.
“You’re welcome,” Sherlock said. He looked around the flat a little. “So . . . you’re back to work tomorrow?”
Sherlock easily closed his eyes, relaxing at the touch of John's mouth and fingers. He had a soft smile on his face, knowing that he didn't need to worry about anything and instead just enjoy it all.
"Okay, I dare you to swap clothes with me," Sherlock said. "You're wearing a bulky sweater so you can't truly appreciate how cold I am."
Sherlock lay flat on his back and stared up at the ceiling. He still wasn’t happy about being trapped out here, but tonight hadn’t been horrible really, especially after texting with John. Things felt different, though, and he still felt uneasy. Was it just because he and John were apart?
Sherlock opened his laptop and browser, but the news was only about the virus. Part of him wondered why he wasn’t more interested – finally it seemed some people were paying attention to science. But he couldn’t deny that every reminder caused an anxiety to pulse through his body. He checked the angle of his computer to make sure John couldn’t see. Then he searched for a solitaire game and opened up to start playing. “I’m doing research on tigers,” he said. “For the story.”
Sherlock mumbled a few things to himself and then asked to see the other bodies. When he’d finished, he thanked Molly.
“I didn’t. I guessed,” Sherlock said. “I don’t understand this game. Can you explain it once more?”
"No," John said. "Everything worked perfectly."
Sherlock nodded and followed her out of the room.
“The flat’s not distracting,” Sherlock said angrily. Then he decided to try a different strategy. “You can watch over me,” he said. “I’ll be good, and if I’m not, I’ve seen you, you can be horrible, you’ll keep me in line.”
“Fine,” Mycroft said. “Dr Watson, I’ll be in touch -- when Sherlock’s able to function clearly without making stupid decisions that lead to injury, I will bring him back to the flat.”
"Well, we were all still a team," he said. "It wasn't bad."
"Yes, Sherlock, I am well aware of that."
Sherlock glanced over. "I suppose you've put up with annoyances from my brother . . ." he said. "I hope it all works for her."
“I’m not twisting your words at all,” Sherlock said. “I give you those things, but it’s not enough because we’re ‘friends.’ You made a stupid rule that I didn’t even get to vote on. When we moved in together, you’re the one who said we had to vote on all our choices . . . to make it fair, you said. How come we didn’t get to vote on this one?”
Except that wasn’t exactly true. Maybe it wasn’t just his assignment that was causing this irritation; it was the interaction with the short man that had thrown him off. Why? He didn’t know and he was embarrassed by it. He was best here at the flat by himself. He turned off the television, took a sip of wine, turned to lie down on the sofa, and closed his eyes.
John climbed into the shower and stood under the water for a long time. Sherlock didn't even want to talk about the night before. John must have been right that it was all the heat of the moment.
“Does that mean the answer is yes, you want us to sleep in the same room?” Sherlock asked. “I’m much better when people answer questions directly.”
“You’re the noisy one,” Sherlock said. “It was quiet here before you arrived.” He pinched the skin on John’s hand.
“So I was thinking that we could take a little walk,” Sherlock said. “I’d like to take you somewhere -- it’s not far. Does that sound agreeable?”
"It's you," Sherlock said. "It's probably wrong, you're probably angry, but I was supposed to tell the truth -- so I'm telling the whole truth now."
"A dare is a dare!"
“Have you known it all along?”
“This kid sounds clever,” Sherlock said.
Harry grinned. "I'm not telling, Sherlock. You'll tell him the truth about me, and I don't need that trouble."
Sherlock looked at John. "I do," he said and then kissed his mouth hard. Then he sped up his stroke and moved his mouth to John's ear when he huffed, "Help me come, John."
“Indeed it is not,” Sherlock said. “You are many things.”
He glanced at Sherlock, at his lap since that's what he intended before. "I'm not really sleepy yet. Where am I sleeping?" he asked.
John wasn’t sure if that were true or not. “All right, I’ll call work in the morning,” he said.
"That sounds really good," he said.
When Mycroft returned, he immediately said, “You’ve unlocked it?”
“I am,” Sherlock said. “I suppose we’re similar -- we like to figure out and solve problems.”
John nodded. "Yeah, I want to try again," he said.
John smiled.
Sherlock felt slightly annoyed -- he’d done something nice to no avail. He got up, made a cup of tea and went to the window to smoke a cigarette. This wasn’t going to work if he had unnecessary reactions to everything John did or didn’t do. Was he just looking for something to be annoyed by? That was a bit stupid.
"No," she said, turning a bit in her seat. "It's you." She reached over the back and handed him an envelope. "Please give this to John from us."
John arched against his mouth, fingers lacing into Sherlock's hair and tugging softly.
"Poison? But they take it themselves, right?" John asked.
“Uh, yes,” Sherlock said. He tried to think for a moment -- he’d waited all day for John to come back and he didn’t want to spend the evening lying to him. “Do you have plans tonight?” he asked. “How about I take you out to dinner?”
John shook his head.
“Annoyed,” Sherlock said. “We’re fine. We were . . . just trying something new.”
But Mycroft had said, “Not yet.”
John grinned. "I'm going to take a bunch of mental pictures," he said.
“Well, I am quite a nice person,” he said, picking up his own cup and taking a sip. “Maybe you forgot that.”
"Yeah, I'm still into it," John said. "
"I can do it," John said, moving to the fridge as well.
John stood up and took Sherlock's hand, pulling him into the sitting room. He backed Sherlock to his chair and pushed him lightly, so he fell back into it. There was no going back now.
Sherlock hoped that meant John heard what he was unable to say aloud. They closed their eyes and lay still together for a while. Sherlock was certain their hearts were beating in sync. Eventually, he put a kiss on the back of John's neck and said, "Maybe we should get up now."
John lifted on his elbow. "Do you have trouble sleeping?"
"So you're really not going anywhere?" Todd asked.
“Real me likes praise more than dream me, so say something flattering first, please.”
"I should be able too. I’m just looking for part time," he said.
John smiled wider and nodded. "I have a room here at the hotel," he said.
"I hope so," John said, standing up. "I appreciate your help."
However, Sherlock was still bored and beginning to think Lestrade had lied to him. He’d been watching things closely and felt confident that nothing evil was afoot. When he received John’s text, he stepped outside and called Lestrade to tell him he was done playing dress up for the day. He headed home.
"My name is Sean," the man said. He stuck his hand out, moving a bit closer.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment. "All right," he said. "Maybe it'll be okay." He scooted a little closer to John.
“What part of it is worrying you?” she asked. “The working together part?”
“I know you do -- you’ve got an excellent memory,” Sherlock said, taking the glass and putting it on the table. “I’m very eager to hear what you’ve found out, but I’m more eager to show you something in the other room.” He stood up and tugged on John’s hand.
Mrs Hudson moved into the kitchen. As she got close, Sherlock turned and took a step forward, losing his balance, and starting to fall toward her. She held out her arms to catch him, and he righted himself, wrapping his arms around her and giving her a squeeze. "Thank you," he said quietly. "It's so cold out and John's being mean to me. I just felt I should tell you that." He pulled back and moved over to his chair. "Your turn," he said to John.
"What? Those are Mrs. Hudson's," he said.
“Are we though?” Sherlock said from the kitchen. “You didn’t seem all that interested in my discoveries . . .”
John took his shirt off and threw it to the side, pushing his pants down as well. As soon as they were nude, Sherlock slid his body next to John’s, tangling their legs. He kissed his mouth hard as he let his hands explore John’s skin.
“I did, but I was just trying to make conversation,” Sherlock said. “Make one of the frozen things that’s left. Don’t make a fuss – today we’re doing nothing, so make it quick and easy.”
"I don't think she paid me to take you to dinner."
"I passed, I suppose, but I didn't like it at all," he said.
John walked into the flat and looked around. It was tidier than he'd even seen it actually. There were flowers all over, and he smelled food -- not take out but food actually cooking and filling the air. "Sherlock . . ."
"Five hours for what?" John asked, running his eyes as he yawned.
"I know but . . ." John sighed. "I know. We'll make it work, though. We're best friends, we have to."
"I was thinking about you all day," Sherlock said. "Obviously, because I was trying to make everything nice for you. But I always think of you all day -- even with cases, because you're part of the cases. You're part of everything, really," he added as if this were the first time it all made such clear sense.
"Why don't you go get comfortable?" Sherlock said and then laughed a bit at his language. "I just mean, I'm going to get ready for bed -- why don't you as well?"
"Hilarious," Sherlock said. "Why are you acting like such a child?"
"You will. I'm sure your fancy school has all kinds of scientists you'll get along with."
“Your hassling me is not restful,” Sherlock said.
John set up their sleeping bags before going into the bathroom to get ready for bed.
"What? When wasn't I?" John asked.
“Thank you, John,” Mrs Hudson said. “That’s very kind of you. Wasn’t it, Sherlock?”
They sat for a few moments as they ate. Then Sherlock said, “So . . . you’ve been doing cases . . .”
“Obviously, we’ll write letters,” Sherlock said. “I’ll still be able to help you with your classes.”
"Don’t stop," John said, stroking himself faster.
John nodded. "I found the perfect stuff," he said quietly back.
“No -- I want to do what we did last night on the sofa,” Sherlock said, with a soft smile. “Please . . .”
A few minutes into the drive, Sherlock’s mum started to narrate what they were passing -- she’d always done this, even John had witnessed it before. Sherlock watched out the window, recognising some of the things going by. Once they turned off the main road, though, he knew they must be close to the cabin since nothing was familiar.
John grabbed a couple granola bars and sat at a chair in the kitchen watching Sherlock move around the kitchen. "Did your science team go to different schools to compete?"
"How come? Stay naked with me," John said, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's middle.
“We don’t have to do any of this,” Sherlock said quickly.
"Okay,” John said. “I could never say no to your mum's food."
John followed him under the covers, moving on top of him as they kissed.
After sorting his clothes John made his way down.
“God, John,” Sherlock said, his voice louder than he’d expected it to be. “I’m going to explode already!” He glanced down and almost laughed at how entirely unexpected this all was. He dropped his head against the pillow and lifted a hand to cover his eyes. “You’re good at that by the way,” he said.
John stood in the sitting room, looking over at Sherlock and looking up the stairs to his room. Just then, Harry started coming down, grinning when she saw Sherlock. "Finally, the famous detective!"
“Good,” Sherlock said. He tipped the rest of his drink into his mouth and stood up. He directed John down the street as they began to walk. “How long until you’re finished with school?” he asked.
Sherlock smiled. “That’s all I want right now . . . to make you feel good,” he said. He kept stroking and watching, having to shift his free hand to his own trousers momentarily, just to shift his own hard cock. He changed positions, leaning down a little as he began to explore between John’s legs again, his fingertips brushing his hole. Although he was aching himself, he wanted this to go slow, making up for the days and nights they’d spent apart.
“Listen to Dr Watson,” Mycroft said. “You’ve said before that you trust him, now is the time to behave that way.”
"First off you said from work," John smiled. "Second, that's not the rule."
"Can I see the pictures?" John asked, setting the movie down.
Sherlock moved over to John. "What am I supposed to do while she's here?" he asked quietly. "How am I supposed to be?"
“No one was there,” Sherlock said. “I looked around the whole office -- even went into a room that had been ripped apart, where I fell. I was sure I’d seen someone, but . . . no one was there.”
Sherlock took a sip of wine. “You can tell I’m uncomfortable with all this -- do you really need me to explicit?” he asked.
John smiled softly and closed it back into the envelope. He leaned over and kissed Sherlock. "Not at all."
"You're amazing, Sherlock. Trust me," John said as he followed.
Sherlock was surprised for a moment, but an urge took over -- an urge to be closer to John, an urge to explore this difference. He dropped his hand to John's waistband, sliding his fingers inside. John moaned a bit louder, pressing flush against Sherlock.
Sherlock shook his head and stood up to move to the kitchen. “You should probably know I was lying –- I’m not going to clean up. Well, I will, but I want to finish this tonight since I don’t have class tomorrow. But I will clean it up eventually so you don’t need to nag,” he added with a cheeky smile.
John sat beside Harry.
They sat for a little while like that, listening to John’s music. After a while, Sherlock opened his eyes and said, “We need a top up.” He dropped John’s hand and got up, returning with the bottle of whiskey. “More music or television? Or something else?” he asked.
Sherlock had slipped into his room after his shower to get dressed and saw his phone flashing. He came back out and said, "We've got a space. We should go soon."
“Well, we’ve seen films, we’ve gone to restaurants together,” Sherlock said. “Does that mean we’ve been dating all this time?”
"My room, for now.”
When John got home he called out for Sherlock, moving around the flat. He'd seen Sherlock's coat, so he knew he wasn’t out somewhere. He moved to Sherlock's bedroom, looking at the door. He'd never bothered Sherlock here before. He knocked softly. "Sherlock?"
Sherlock’s phone vibrated as he came out of the shower. At first he panicked that John was cancelling, but he wasn’t.
Sherlock looked over. “I guess, if you want,” he said.
“I’ve got nothing that has to be done tonight,” Sherlock said. He leaned back a little. “As you said, we’ve got time . . .”
“Indeed I don’t,” Sherlock said. “But I more than like you, you know,” he added with a kiss.
“What does that mean?”
John smiled as he finished his half. He started on the crisps.
Sherlock opened the door. “You’re kicking me out?” he asked.
John’s noises went straight to Sherlock’s cock and he began to rock his hips into John’s hand. “God, that feels good,” he moaned loudly.
“John wasn’t being selfish – Sherlock didn’t really want much of the meat. In fact, he had just the right amount,” Sherlock clarified. “And the tiger didn’t eat them because Sherlock had helped the tiger the week before. Sherlock is a good boy to know.”
“Are you sure?” she asked him.
“Who is this?”
"My former flatmates," Sherlock said quietly. He leaned a little closer to his screen as if doing so would make the everything else in the room disappear.
“Obviously,” Sherlock said. He glanced over at John.
“Shh . . . go on with the story,” Sherlock said. He pushed his legs down against John’s.
When their table was allowed up, John followed the two of them, taking his place in line and slowly filling his plate with a little bit of everything. It all looked and smelled so good. He looked ahead where Sherlock was being very picky about what he was putting on his own plate.
“Fuck off,” Sherlock said and turned to head back to his room. He could hear the two of them laughing as he walked away.
John laughed. "I wouldn't say we're like them, but we are a good pair.”
Sherlock got his phone and sent Mrs Hudson a text.
“A soldier’s wants are not my concern,” Sherlock said. “Your responsibility is all you need to worry about.” His stroke on John sped up a little.
Sherlock dropped his head to John’s shoulder. “This is good,” he repeated.
“I did,” Sherlock said. “It seems like something we’d do . . . I mean, we should’ve or . . . just let’s do it again.” He crashed into John’s mouth again, this time tangling their legs together a little.
“Call 999,” Sherlock said.
John was on the sofa with his computer -- a scene Sherlock had witnessed so many times before but it had never looked so beautiful.
John left the bathroom and moved to Sherlock's room. "I'm going in your room," he teased.
“She’d have every right to be -- all this extra service I’ve received. And she’s the one who paid.”
John put the shovel against the house as he followed Sherlock inside. Everything was exactly the same as he remembered it. "When did you start smoking?" he asked softly.
“I know they think it’s the best thing,” Sherlock said. “Maybe it is.” He looked up at the sky. “It doesn’t feel like it though.” He turned to John. “Let’s watch a film tonight -- that’ll give us something else to talk about because you’ll probably like it and I’ll need to explain to you why it’s terrible.” He pulled a stupid face.
"I'll go get ready," she said, getting up. She ruffled John's hair before going up to his room.
"Anything you want," John nodded. "This is good . . . this way I can look at you," he smiled.
As soon as Mrs Hudson walked out of the room John stood and went back to the computer. He refreshed the blog and there was a reply, the details from Williams. He read the message  carefully and then went to find his notes from the first case they worked on. He looked at everyone they’d spoken to before and then went back to the computer to investigate. Suddenly, he felt a sense of purpose he hadn't felt in a long time. He needed to get dressed, shower and clean himself up a bit. He rubbed his face again. He'd have to shave.
John blinked at him. "Is that how you think of me?"
“That’s good,” Sherlock said. He took another bite of food. “It surprised me but then it helped, I guess . . . I’m sorry for sending you on goose chases.”
“I’ll have a think,” Sherlock said. “Thanks for the offer.”
"First we're going to try you turning around," he said, pushing Sherlock's legs off of him.
"Sherlock, I always take notes," he said.
Sherlock stood up suddenly and awkwardly. “Yes,” he said. “It was good . . . meeting you.”
“Shall we go?” Sherlock said, pushing his chair back and standing up to put on his coat.
“That’s fine,” Sherlock said. He opened the fridge and looked for some leftovers. “There’s a bit of Chinese in here -- should I warm it up for you?”
John moaned softly as his own hands moved over Sherlock's body, touching him everywhere he could. He got his hand between them and started stroking Sherlock as well, kissing his mouth again.
But Sherlock was already asleep.
“It’s unusual,” Sherlock mused. “We’ve known each other for a long time –- I feel like you’ve been a part of everything in my life, so I guess it makes sense that you’re part of this as well. But it’s still unexpected –- us seeing each other like this, you putting part of your body in mine . . .” He closed his eyes and thought about it. Just because it was unusual and unexpected didn’t mean anything really. He’d had lots of unusual, unexpected things in his life, and some of them turned out quite well.
Sherlock lined up and slowly pushed inside. “God, John,” he moaned. He dropped his head and kissed John’s mouth. “You okay?” he whispered.
John saw Sherlock's hand coming closer and he tensed, his cheeks flushing as he thought about where that hand was just hours ago in his dream. But before he could process that information, Sherlock had tossed his sandwich on the ground. "What the hell is wrong with you?" he asked loudly, getting up to clean up the mess. He hoped the outburst was enough to hide his first reaction.
John carefully opened the gown and barely held down the curse. "You've got to be more careful --" He stopped as Sherlock's gaze cut to Mycroft. Right. He'd been lectured already. He tied the gown again and stepped back. "They're right. You have to rest so this bruising can heal. The colours . . . well, they're probably deep so it'll be good not to stress them too much," he added.
Sherlock took another bite of food. He leaned back a little on the sofa as he chewed it. "Last night . . . you liked that?" he asked before quickly adding, "I did. Quite a bit."
John nodded. "Incredible," he murmured.
"Yes, God I'd love to see what that smart mouth can do," John smiled.
"Are you a fan?"
John’s touch distracted Sherlock for a second -- it felt nice, relaxing. “I wish you had come with me,” he said. “It wouldn’t have happened.”
Jim stared back. “You will,” he said with a smile.
John nodded. "I will."
"I don't think so," John said.
“No,” Sherlock said, shaking his head. “In truth, I never really heard back from them so we’ll have to find another case.”
John nodded. "Okay," he said.
John's mouth fell open a bit as he nodded.
"I'm sorry she distracted you so much," John said.
Sherlock glanced over at the girlfriend who was still alone. He turned back and said, “I don’t think so. I’m working -- you took me away from my job. That’s money out of my pocket. You understand -- you said you’re working as well, right?”
John looked at him for a moment. "Oh. Do you like them?" he asked skeptically.
"But I want to touch, too," John said.
“Never had the pleasure,” the driver said. “But you needn’t worry about him. Sherlock’s taken care of that.”
“John,” Sherlock said. “I think our stories are more interesting than these people’s actual lives.” They turned their attention back to the screen, focusing more on finding the missing man.
“Where have you been?” Sherlock called from the kitchen. “I’ve been worried sick.”
John yawned and stretched wide. "Yeah. Did you?"
Sherlock realised he’d never actually got around to checking his email at all. “Yes, definitely,” he said. “Quite busy.” He had no idea why he was lying to John right now.
John shuffled them and passed out the cards again, holding his close.
“Yes?” Sherlock said.
John nodded. "Yeah, I'd like that," he said.
“You’ll probably love it,” Sherlock said. “You’ll be in charge of the flat and won’t have to shout at me all the time. . .”
Harry shook her head. "I'm full."
“I did not say he was handsome,” Sherlock said.
"I don't know. . . but when I was there and you called and I heard you . . ." He trailed off and curled his fingers in Sherlock's hair. "Will you kiss me?”
On the way back, John picked up dinner. He let himself inside the flat. "Sherlock?"
“I don’t feel ill,” Sherlock said. “But if you’ve been exposed and I’ve been exposed to you . . . it’s probably too late, right? I mean, there’s no use in my going away. I could put someone else at risk.”
"I'm not opposed to it," John said. "I mean, I've thought of it before, you know. A little."
Sherlock found his room and unlocked the door. His things were on the bed. He moved them to the floor and dropped his bag. He immediately went into the bathroom and took a hot shower. He walked naked to the bed, climbed in and fell asleep.
Sherlock took the book from him and handed John the wine glass instead. Curling his legs onto the sofa, he turned to face John as his hand slid over the back of the sofa and lightly fingered the hair on the back of John’s head. “I’m sure you found out a lot -- you’re very good at finding things out,” he purred. “You know what else you do well?”
"That he loves you. He said those words to me."
"She..." Mrs. Hudson trailed off and fought off a smile as she glanced up the stairs. "Yes, she's right. Come on in," she said, moving to let him in.
When no comment came from his brother, Mycroft stood up. “Get dressed,” he said, motioning to a clean set of clothes he’d set on the bed. “I need to make some arrangements.” He pulled his phone from his pocket and moved to the door. “Do not leave, do not do anything stupid,” he said. “Just -- get dressed and I’ll be back momentarily.”
John shook his head. “One night was enough,” he said.
"No, I hoped you had," John smiled. "We’ll figure it out.”
They lost track of time, playing in the water like children, and after eventually dragging themselves out and sitting at the edge for a while, they felt hot again and got back in to cool off. Eventually, Sherlock said, “I’ve got no idea what time it is but this feels like the longest I’ve been outside doing nothing since that time we went to those caverns.”
Sherlock looked over and recognised the expression that was on John’s face: he was hurt -- even though Sherlock hadn’t intended him to feel that way. In truth, he hadn’t even thought to grab John before he left -- he was on a case and solving it was what mattered. Except now John was here. And he knew that he’d been the one to convince John to come with him. It made Sherlock feel guilty but it also made him feel worried. Was he going to be able to do this? Was he going to be able to change his life to accommodate someone else? Even though Sherlock still hadn’t quite got his head around what he felt about John or precisely why he’d invited John to move in or even why he’d had sex with him again. But he did know one thing. John was clearly different; even if Sherlock wasn’t clear on how or why, he knew that was true. And that was going to mean that Sherlock couldn’t treat him as he treated others.
“Does it feel good, John?” Sherlock asked, now starting to pulse his finger. “Do you like it? I want you to love it.” When his finger moved more easily he added a second one, watching John’s face.
John met Sherlock's gaze and knew they were thinking the same thing. "Yours or mine?" he asked.
Sherlock smiled. “It is,” he said. “I’m so glad you thought of this,” he added with a wink. He let John carry the box and he took the shovels. They moved quietly through the garden, keeping an eye on Sherlock’s parents’ window. They got to the side of the house and moved to below Sherlock’s window. John set the box down and Sherlock gave him a shovel. They each started digging.
"You're being very dramatic," John said. "I just don't want you smoking."
They headed out and Sherlock got them a cab. They rode to the restaurant in silence. When they headed in, Sherlock sat at their regular table.
“This is good, right?” Sherlock said, letting his hands roam up and down John’s back.  “We should’ve tried this before.”
John moaned as he kissed Sherlock's mouth hard, licking into his mouth.
“Want a cup of tea?” Sherlock asked.
"What? When did you see him?"
“Oh, right, I suppose you’re right,” Sherlock said. He pushed himself up and shifted the bag. “I hadn’t thought of that,” he added as he slid in. “Night.”
Sherlock typed up an email reminding him they were still available to work and clarifying that they were confined to the flat. There was no reason Lestrade should know that Sherlock hadn’t known what was happening all along. After he sent the email, he also sent a text telling Lestrade that he had just sent an email.
"And when you were imagining, who was wearing it?" John asked, moving closer.
"Oh,” John said, wondering if it was the grumpy neighbour. “Okay, I can stop by on the way to my next job." He thought about calling Mrs Hudson to verify what was going on, but he was close enough so he didn't bother. When he arrived, he knocked on the door and waited patiently.
"Sherlock . . . oh God . . ." John moaned, writhing on the bed.
John smiled a little and stretched. His muscles ached a little.
He stopped. Maybe he wasn’t trying to annoy Sherlock. Maybe he was trying to alert him. He moved over to the phone.
"I'm at the restaurant -- I can't talk for long. She's in the bathroom," he said.
"You...oh," he breathed, squirming in pleasure. He was surprised, but it was clear that Sherlock knew what he was doing.
They went downstairs to get a taxi. "You can even have wine if you like," Harry said, as she climbed in.  "I'll be fine."
John looked over his schedule plan for Monday. "I might be able to stop by Monday afternoon," he said.
“Juno you two are idiots,” she said and hung up.
John got up and followed Sherlock into the kitchen. "I didn't have plans," he said, looking Sherlock up and down. "But now I think I have something fun in mind . . ."
"Good," Sherlock said. "I'm done with mine." He set his plate on the table. "I'll top up our wine while you finish." He went into the kitchen. He realised there was no space in the sink to leave the new plates, so he quickly did the washing up. Then he returned with the bottle.
John nodded, and they exchanged a slightly awkward good night. John waited until she was inside to hail a cab back to his own flat. As the car sped through traffic, John took out his phone and texted a real friend.
John looked over and took Sherlock's phone to see. Then he casually put it in his pocket and headed for his own bedroom. "Good night." He was trying not to smile.
“I like that,” Sherlock mumbled stupidly. He moved even closer. “Keep doing that, I think,” he said as he went back to the kiss.
“You never know . . .” John said.
Sherlock smiled to himself.
Sherlock stood up and stretched properly. He picked up the popcorn bag and put it in the bin. He got two glasses of water out and set them on the table by the sofa. “You can set your sleeping bag out,” he said. “I’m going to go brush my teeth.”
“It’s good,” Sherlock mumbled. His body was sliding against the bed with each of John’s movements. He bent his knees to push his legs against the mattress so he could follow John’s rhythm. Then suddenly, he stutter, “I’m going to come.” When his orgasm hit, his body arched and his legs squeezed around John’s.
John put the computer down and held up the ticket. "I won again." He grinned.
“You’re good -- what’s happening is that I want to make you feel so good,” Sherlock mumbled as he rested his head on John’s thigh, watching his hand stroke John and then looking up into his eyes. “You taste so good. . .”
"Go. To. The. Window." John stopped what he was doing and glared at Sherlock.
“Because I’m not normal, John -- you are,” Sherlock said. “You always have been and now you have normal friends to be normal around and you’ll get a normal job and you’ll go on to have a normal life.” He couldn’t meet John’s eyes but pushed the box toward him.
“I liked it . . . that’s why I wanted to kiss you,” Sherlock said. “And touch you more . . . I liked it all. Did you?”
John moaned softly. "That feels good."
Sherlock had fallen to sleep before John was even out of the hospital and slept solid until he walked back into the room. However, as soon as he saw John, he felt compelled to lie. “I was reading,” he said. “I guess I dozed off.” It was at this point he realised there was no book there, so he admitted, “I’ve been sleeping since you left.”
"She's kept me from working," Sherlock said. "Do something about her."
“Fine, I will,” Sherlock said. He stood up and moved over to where John was sitting. He held out his hand.
Sherlock felt an urge to shout something back, but he didn't. He knew addicts, and he knew their thinking. "All right," he said. "I need to work now." He turned his attention back to his laptop.
"Night then," Sherlock said. "If anything goes wrong . . . let me know," he added even though he wasn't quite sure what he meant by that.
It wasn't too long after John noticed the handsome man that things started wrapping up. The announcement was made, and Molly grinned out at the crowd. John couldn't help smiling as well. She looked truly happy. He watched them leave, and then the guests started to file out. John waited until he saw that man passing, squeezing out to walk behind him. He was very tall. John hoped he would be going to the reception. Maybe he could find a reason to talk to him there.
Sherlock lifted himself off the bed, taking his shirt off and throwing it to the ground. He lay back down and reached to pull John on top of him.
"Hmm, like what?" he asked.
"I . . . no, I came for the invoice . . ." John said, looking at the mugs sitting out and wondering if Sherlock had prepared this for him.
Sherlock stared at his computer for a moment, his empty Inbox stared back. Finally, he said, “Concentrate on finding me a criminal first, will you? That’s what I need to be able to pay your ridiculous high rent.”
Sherlock glanced over at John and then at the television. “Mauna Loa,” he said and then turned his attention back to the book.
"Obviously,” John said. “I brought dinner. Chinese, your favourite.”
John put this mug on the bedside table. "Shh. Let's just . . . let's just be natural," he said. He lay down a bit and moved over toward Sherlock. Then he swallowed a lump of nerves and leaned in to kiss him.
“Does it? Well, fine, if you’d like to fight about it – what do you think I’m afraid of Mr Smarty Pants?”
Outside of the flat John hesitated, looking up at their window for several minutes before finally letting himself in and going up to their flat. He hung his coat and looked around, impressed with Sherlock for actually cleaning up.
“Call me soon,” Sherlock said and then realised what that sounded like. He closed the door and then grabbed his phone to clarify by text.
“Excellent,” Sherlock said, taking off his coat and sitting down. “I was just thinking that you look handsome so I thought I should tell you,” he added, a little awkwardly.
