“Tchaw!”
I couldn't last; did he expect me to?  A dozen hip-tight thrusts into his core, and I was roaring my release as he came juddering beneath me.
Holmes's behaviour inside the old antiques shop was baffling to me.  I had anticipated a barrage of questions that related to the skull, when in fact all my friend deemed necessary was a discussion around the admirable quartz point pendant at Dawkins' neck.  The shop held no other customers at present, and I wondered how the fellow could earn a living on such pickings.  The Bizarre seemed such a dormant, dusty nook – almost somnambulant – ill in keeping with the bustle of Pall Mall a stretch away.  I was drawn, then, towards the curtained room, curious beyond all measure and most tempted for a second turn with the handsome life-size jasper.  I had resolved to find the book I had once read on these strange objects, for I remembered very little of the history.  Apparently (as I recalled), a great many thousands of years in the past, there had been thirteen clear quartz skulls, each one created by a separate master craftsman.  Individually, they held power enough – but placed together they were said to hold immeasurable strengths of knowledge and of healing.  Where were they now?  The vast majority lost, or buried, or shattered?  Their 'descendants' – such as the jasper – continued the fascination with the legend, which many people still believed in, it was clear.
My god.
“You'll fade away.”
He bowed before us, waved us to a pair of empty padded chairs.
Now that I was here, with just an ash-stained rug between us, and four walls hemming us in, I was not sure quite what to say.
“Yes,” my friend said firmly.  “You... are a conductor of light.”
I sat down next to him, and lit my pipe.  “You know, Holmes,” I said, “I am quite confident that you will be swamped with cards tomorrow.  You must give your friends the benefit of the doubt.”
“I regret that I have nothing.  I could, however, take your details, and if such an item should come in...?”
We sat there silent for some minutes, each lost in private contemplation.  Then I looked towards my friend.
“That is not the sum of Pike.  He is a gossip-monger for the news sheets, and well-known, but nothing more.”
“You were about to ask to have your stitches removed,” I told him – for otherwise, if not now, it would never be done.
And such is the way with naps, I awoke a good while later with a crick inside my neck and my waistcoat creased and crumpled.
Sherlock Holmes raised a hand, shook his head, and remarked:  “I deduce that in your youth you were a ship's cook, out at sea?  Yes, I thought as much.  You have a marked talent.  And the singing, um, yes...”
- END -
“Yes,” said Bruce, “that is correct.  So that's how we lived for all those years.  Me and my ma, in our cosy house.  And then she told me when I was older just how she wasn't my real ma.  That my real ma lived in England.  And I got to wondering, you know.  Just how my real ma might be.  I kept those thoughts inside my head until a year ago.  And then I couldn't stand it any more.”
“Yes, but
I blinked, but did not question this absurdity.
I had him hoiked and down upon it in an instant, and it was as if there were no interval at all, between the evening and the morning, for we were kissing quite as deeply, and my hands were in his hair, and Holmes's own were at my hip.  I lay on top of him, his legs apart and raised.
I watched him as he sprang up off the bed, and grabbed his duffle bag.  He opened it, commencing then to empty it of content.  Shirts and stockings, odd detritus, ties and handkerchiefs, all tumbled to the coverlet.  He wrenched a dresser drawer, and thrust the whole lot in askew.  His shaving kit, he placed beside my own upon the wash stand, whereupon he turned and looked at me anew.
My old friend choked, lost all ability to breathe, and sat there spluttering for seconds while I clapped him on the back.  When he'd recovered both his air and equilibrium, he looked at me in wonder and not a small amount of shame.
,” I said.  “The sounds you made.  The way you looked when I was wicking you.”
We found some oil, and I prepared him, and myself.  He eased himself into my lap; I lay against the feather bolster, gazed up into those grey eyes, which flashed and glittered in the light.  “You are
you good at, if it isn't cards, or bowling, or croquet?” my friend enquired.
gibbering on about this morning?”
“I see.”  I waited for my new friend to elaborate, but it appeared that he might not.  “How long have you been, er, consulting?”
We were back within our sitting-room.  I was at the table, busy with paper and with ribbon, while he was in his chair, craning his neck around to frown at me.  I had evidently distracted his train of thought.
“It's not to do with him,” I lied.
The phials were dry and empty; the syringe bare of its needle.  I drew a large sigh of relief.  I closed the case and replaced it inside the drawer.  I looked around me.  Sitting on the bed, my eyes alighted on the shirt bunched in a ball.
Holmes stared at me.  The sandwich that he held between his forefinger and thumb was quite forgotten as he processed this.  “When?” he asked, at last.
“I do indeed.  A bit of this, a bit of that.”
“Who are you?” he demanded.  “Where is the lady of the house?”
“I was
Holmes shrugged.  “I've no idea.”
“Oh,” said Holmes, “I thought to tidy some of our old papers back into boxes, and move them up into the attic out of sight.  We need the lumber room for furniture.  That old dresser that you want to keep for some unearthly reason.”
I followed him, of course, after a moment's deliberation.  His long legs had set a pace, but I broke into a trot and caught him hailing down a hansom.
better.  I declare: tobacco cures all ills.”
“Holmes,” I said.
Following a mutual silence of some minutes, each second growing heavier and blacker, Holmes relented.
“Yes, very much.”
,” he replied.  “My name is
“I don't know,” I said, in panic.  And I didn't, no, not really.
.  We heard him call out to our friend, the old man, as
His eyelids a-flutter
“The other one?” I prompted.
“And so I did.  Here, stuff your briar and sit right here, let's talk a while.”
We trod the shingle to come level, and we introduced ourselves.  The fellow's name was Jacob Jones; he lived a little way up yonder, closer to Fulworth.  “But I like this stretch of beach,” said he.  “And the doggo likes it too.  We come here often.  Here, I say, it's very nice to meet the two of you.  Where do you live, exactly?”
I looked up from my meal, my fork in stasis.
“You must do nothing of the sort,” said he.  He rinsed his face and dried it with the towel.  “I'd recommend that you go easy on the brandy, though, in future.”
“You don't remember taking notes?  Why, he was convicted of an attempt to poison his entire family – which was both parents and three elder brothers – in an attempt to gain full control of the country estate.  As it transpired, Eldritch was not a particularly gifted poisoner.  His family were stricken for weeks, but survived.  I discovered some traces of the plants he used, and a scorched paper of the mixture that was written in his hand.  That was enough to get him 'nicked', and for me to earn his profoundest enmity.”
“Aye, that's right.  The word came through late this morning, 'fore I left off.  God knows who found it out.  One of the constables on an early plod, no doubt.”
“We need more
Mr. Holmes looked at my hand as if it were a rancid cod.  Rancid cod or no he shook it anyway, but dropped it promptly.  “Have you settled in?” he asked.  “And where is Sherlock, do you know?”
My friend laughed.  “I caught him writing one, one day.  He was quite horribly embarrassed.  (I'm very nosy, John, you see.)  They always start off just the same:
He rose, and brushed his trouser legs.  He tutted at his boots.  He whisked his jacket from its peg.  “Come on.”
What a ridiculous question to have to ask of anyone at ten o'clock in the morning.  Holmes appeared as surprised to hear it as I myself was to even utter it.
“Well, it isn't
“No, no,
“I'd best be off,” I said, “but thank you all the same.  No, no, you needn't rise, I'll see myself out of the house.”  And I took up my hat and bag, and bowed, and left the little parlour for the dim cool of the hall.  I stood there hesitating for a moment.  I looked up to the stairs, then to the front hall door, then up the stairs again.
“You are happy that I am wrapping a brooch for Mrs. Hudson's birthday?”  Sometimes I could scarce believe or understand the logic of the man.
It amounted to the pair of us turning right into St. James's Street at a little after nine.  The club doors were propped wide open.  We entered through the arch and took the few steps to the desk.
.  Our friend here has a great proboscis.  A telephone call to Mrs. Hudson revealed the fact that Martha Oaks's nose was neat and small, unlike her husband's, I was informed.  Well, is there anything I've missed?”
Shame?  No, not shame as I might label it.  Disgust neither, no, nor any of those things.  I believe I am pragmatic.  I am thankful for the veil that disallows a trace of memory.
Two days later, and the sky was grey and threatening to torrent.  The chill air nipped us in our overcoats, as we stood there on the pavement looking up at the old building.  So it was time.  I looked at my keychain with a dull, stupid surprise: the absence of several, but the addition of more – the keys to our farm house and all its outbuildings.  They felt strange to me still, and weighed heft in my palm.  And somewhere I heard a clock strike on the hour, and then I knew that we must fly or miss our train.  Holmes's arm slipped through my own.
“Er,” I said.  And then:  “Oh.  Well, thank you.”  My cross resolve began to flounder.
tempted the other.  The window display was crammed with oddities.  I peered through, fascinated.  There were sea-faring relics: scrimshaw bones and fierce teeth.  Ornate kerosene lamps in rich, vibrant colours.  Pewter goblets and dishes, gold boxes, brass bowls.  I found it all enthralling and magnificent.
Unattainable, impossible, miraculous man.  The love of my life.
“Oh, John, really, are you
Holmes looked blank.  “A tour of what?  Of here?  It's just one room?”
inside.  Over here's the dining table...”  I followed closely at his heels, as though this were a wondrous spectacle indeed to be a party to.  “...Now, mind the hat stand to your left.  Here is the sofa, where I sit, you know...”
He smiled at me cautiously, taking his place at the table and pouring a small cup of coffee.
And I adore him.
And, of course, to have each other when we liked and how we liked, and quite as loudly as we wanted.
“That's grand.  And as it happens, so do I.  You see, I happen to have two tickets to--”
“We could take another turn upon the hearth-rug, if that would cheer you and if you promise to be quieter this time.”
“So says the fellow with the tongue!”
“Yes.”
“Whether we moved then or now,” I said with a smile, “it would not make any difference to our standing here and grumbling at the weather.  At least we're not cut off entirely from the world.  We have a telephone.”
“Yes,” I said.  “It is.”
At long last the door clicked open, and there was my friend, all 6 foot spare of him.
My speech was tucked secure inside my wallet.  I had peeped at the top lines of it a dozen times this morning, to practice tone and pace and sentiment.  I felt confident – triumphant!
, as the Romans might say.”  Holmes sat up again.  “John, please, don't look like that.  You've no idea what it's taken for me to tell you this much.”
, he releases my wrist.
He moaned.  “You know I want to, John, I want to.”
He opened one bright eye.  “That's what you do to me.  Good lord.”
“Let us be off,” said he.
mention my sock drawer in fuller detail, I shall not be held accountable for my actions.”
to you last night.”
“No, no,” said Mycroft, “you misunderstand.  Sherlock, your room is taken, I'm very sorry.  I thought we'd had a cancellation, but the fellow's just shown up.  It would be rudeness if we turned him out now that he's settled in.”
“Yes.”
Holmes waved his knife, and flecks of butter dashed a temporary halo.  “But all you
“I don't know.  I hate not knowing things.”  He sipped his tea.  He eyed me gravely.  “I hate not knowing what would have happened if I'd said
Inspector Gregson was in the doorway, filling the larger part of the frame with his athletic bulk.
“I'm playing hooky,” I said, laughing and relieved beyond belief.  “Will you spend the day with me?”
“Then he's fooled you.”  Toby scowled.  “So just remember what I said.”
We converged upon my bed as per the last time and, as one, we flung ourselves full width across it.  There was an awful crack; a splintering.  The bed lurched to one side, rolling us sideways.
“Tell us about it, then,” I said.  “Unless it's private?”
There were very few items scattered: some powder compacts on the table, a few dusty perfume bottles with applicators, a long bristled hairbrush, an oval mirror upon its stand.  The wardrobe doors were open, and I discreetly peeped inside.  There were long dark gowns and sequinned jackets, dowdy dresses and buckled boots, a small number of hat boxes.
“I don't know,” he said again.  He fled inside.
He turned to look at me, his face alight with joy.
“No, it is not,” he said.  “What
“Oh yes, but well, you know, it's only
“Mr. Dawkins,” said my friend, “please do elaborate.”
“It's true,” I said.  I reached to touch him, to caress, to stroke the pale and blooming flesh.  He squirmed and mewled, and so collapsed.
My heart turned over in my chest, I lost my breath and more than half my equilibrium.  “And do you, still?” I dared to whisper.
“Everybody's on the lawn,” I said.
“You argued with Lestrade?”
“And here we are,” I said.
Our proximity felt uncomfortable.
Holmes took it, read it over.  His expression changed but slightly.  He looked up to me, to Victor, then to the ceiling.
It was two o'clock before I reached my office, where the afternoon passed quietly, the usual bumps and scrapes of any station, and before long I was back out on the street, heading for home.  The house was half-lit, and I knocked upon the ground-floor door, one rap, two-three.  A cheery red-faced woman thrust her nose and half her skirts out, and on seeing me, the rest of her.  “Oh, doctor!” said she, smiling, “it is you, and it's about high time.”  She turned back to the kitchen, calling out, whereupon I heard the scrape of claws, and there – a bulldog charging into view.  “Here is your Max.”
I sat down next to him on the sofa.  He burrowed away, but I pulled him around so we were facing each other.  His eyes went straight to my curl.  I took a deep breath.  I remembered all of his obsessions in the past: the persian slippers, the clockwork monkeys, and six-foot snow angels in winter.  I had to remind myself of the fact that this was just another
“Exactly.”
“I would just rather that you didn't.  You needn't know the reason
I would have given anything for his arms around me, then.  In comfort or in passion or in a self-conscious friendly gesture, I did not care – I craved only his touch.
“You were caught with... a man?”  My brain whirled and clattered and crashed through the buffers.
“Well, how was that?” he asked me anxiously.
“Yes, you are most certainly that, my dear fellow.”
He nodded, and darted away to his room, as I headed off in another direction to have my hair trimmed more correctly.  I never did see my curl again.  Sometimes I wonder what became of it, where it is kept, and what colour ribbon now complements it, but I should not dare to ask my eccentric friend directly, for he would only say that I am being strange, as usual.
“That is very good,” I told him.  “Of what were you thinking?”
“Don't praise me yet,” said he, still frowning, “it is not as easy as it looks.”  He sighed, and turned around to meet me.  “Are you all right?”
A parcel, small, and square, wrapped in brown paper, tied with twine.
“It's
He had loosened his collar a little, thrown his head back, exposing the pale, tender throat of him.
I hit it again.
.  Mr. Holmes and, I may dare say, yourself, fall within the latter camp.”
“But you won't tell me if I'm right,” I said.
could the woman want?  My front teeth and signet ring?”
We had made it to this point, at last.  This afternoon, this bedroom, in this bed, we had taken from each other what we had wanted for so long.  Naked, oh my god, yes, fully naked, both, entwined, until we did not know where one began or the other might yet ever end.  I had taken him in my mouth for the first time, had heard his whimper and his begging for release.  He had roved me with those fingers of which I had so long obsessed, and he had brought me to my glory and I to his, and now we lay, some hours later, the sheets despoiled, the room a chaos.
Holmes laid his head upon my chest.  I fancied he was listening to my heartbeat, for he was very still and quiet now.
take charge?” he asked.  “I mean to say--”
,” said he.  He stopped, and swallowed.  “I don't know if I can take that.”
“Oh, he is often to be found at Bart's,” my friend replied, as he refilled me.  “He does some research in the lab; well, you must know, that sort of thing.  I have a wager with a pal that either one of us might nail him 'fore the year is out.”
“They burn with intellect.”
A further scrabbling from within.  Something was knocked onto the floor, for I heard a smash and then a curse.
“Whatever are you thinking?” asked my friend.  “It's surely not of eggs on toast.”
We were quite the jolly band, then, when the hansom dropped us duly at the gate of the old gables some time later.  Victor was standing in the doorway, and his face lit up so brightly at the sight of our companion.  Gregson, for his part, dropped all his luggage on the gravel and fairly charged towards his boy, who staggered backwards from the onslaught.  They disappeared inside the house.  Holmes and I stood where we were, looked at each other, broke into laughter.
,” said he, but his attention had been caught; his eyes grew wide, and wider yet.
The two men stood regarding one another for a moment.  Then our friend held out his hand and shook the other's as in wonderment.
“You are what?”
Sherlock Holmes was in, and he was smoking his first pipe.  It consisted of the random plugs and dottles from the day before – so was therefore fairly noxious.  He sprang erect upon my entrance, almost up-ending the table lamp.
“No, for heaven's sake.  And please don't look at me like that.  I've no intention of getting involved.”
I explained our circumstances, and Jacob Jones nodded and smiled.  “Your farmstead had been empty for a while,” said he.  “It's fortunate you're there now, 'fore the winter sets in proper, like.  Who does your housekeep?  Are you looking?  My missus is searching for a post.”
.  We were bare, we were entwined, and we were making love.  At last.
“But of what?”
Inside our room again, preparing for the short walk to the inn, I pressed my friend upon his secrecy.
There was a rap upon the door.  I went to open it, and Mycroft Holmes was standing there.
The mobile that was dangling – from the chandelier, I noticed – did now reveal itself to be, at close inspection, a piñata.
“You'd better take me, John,” said he, “we can't waste time like this.”
“Pshaw,” said my friend, “I have little patience for the ethereal, with which our man was full to bursting.  Did you take notice of his face?  Yes?  It appeared to be under such vascular effects as might embarrass the heavy drinker, did it not?  And then there was the mention of his memory loss, and his lack of co-ordination.  I am surprised that you could not deduce that for yourself.  And then you plied him with brandy, tut tut, my dear fellow.”
A long narrow hall led away through to the back.  To the left was the large sitting-room, and to the right the room where Holmes and I planned a grand library.  The kitchen and laboratory were situated further down.  All of this in chaos, still, with boxes and large crates holding the sum total of our lives.  (I shuddered at the thought of sorting all of it away.)  The hall was chill, but Mrs. Oaks had lit the fires, and so the sitting-room was cosy: greys and greens and orange fire-light, all warmth and gentle flicker.  We stood there in the middle of the room and looked around us.
A rattle at the doorknob woke me fifteen minutes later.
“To Regents Park,” I said.  “Let's walk.  And we can talk.”
“Perhaps.”
“Unless the tarot card reader's prediction is coming true,” I said.  My heart lurched at the thought of it.
“Tomorrow, John, we travel back to Surrey,” he told me, yawning.  “But before that, a quiet evening and a good night's sleep will do us both the world of good.”
“How peculiar!”
“This is Mrs. Hudson,” said the strange fellow.  “Please take care of her.”  And turning on his heel, he left the room.  The door clicked softly in his wake.  I blinked, and only then did I return to earth to set about my duty for the lady in the bed.
“What has he said, Pike, and what do you want?” said my friend.
My friend sighed explosively.
I began to laugh hysterically.  “I don't know anything.”
A small clearing up ahead, and Holmes was standing at the edge of it, his back against a tree.  His wave of jet black hair had been disgruntled by the breeze, to lend him something of a rakish air.  His features, in repose: exquisite elegance and poise.  I could not tear my eyes away from him.
“It will be settled by today.  No doubt you'll read about it later in the papers.”
She clapped her hands to her forehead.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Holmes cleared his throat; his lashes fluttered, and he looked away.  “How sure you are,” he murmured.
“John, you've just reminded me of how dratted cold it is,” he said, now shivering inside his shirt.
Mr. Sherlock Holmes was lean, and tall and angular.  He was also possessed fully of a sarcastic turn of phrase and an impatient twist of lip, which he deployed at any interval he pleased – which was quite often.  Not that he was cold – no, I would not say that – but rather, analytical and measured.  He informed me that he was unique, a master of his trade, and then sat back to watch me gape at his immodesty, and barrel him with questions as to how and why and what.
,” complained Sherlock Holmes.  His brows were drawn to knots.  I could not help but notice that his waistcoat was unbuttoned, and his cuffs were loose and flapping at his wrists.
My friend grabbed at Pike's upper limb, and wrenched up the white lace sleeve.  I observed a cotton wadding taped around at a high point.
“Oh, no real reason,” I bluffed poorly.  “I was just curious.”
The hallway was cool, with little natural light.
“John, really, do you mean that?”
I ventured on a charm offensive and thrust my hand into his orbit.  “Dr. John Watson,” I informed him.  “And I apologise.”
go out and threaten those I care for with a black eye or a broken nose, you hear me?”
“I am
“You are not taking my case?” asked the fellow, forlorn.
“But why?” I felt I had to enquire further.  “I mean to say, it's very kind.  But why?”
And Sherlock Holmes was there, perched on a chair, reading a book.  He raised his head and smiled at me.
“Then that is all, and I'll be on my way.  Brief visits are the best, don't you agree?  Don't let the cake go stale.  I hate to see food go to waste.”
“Holmes, do you know, I keep a bull pup, and--”
“If you like.”
I worked him gently, fascinated, as he writhed and pitched and clutched at the thin counterpane.  He twisted round to scrabble at his bedside drawer, removing a small jar which he now thrust at me.  “You might use this,” he said.
Sherlock Holmes opened his mouth as if he were about to snap, but thought the better of his rudeness and pulled the drawbridge tight again.  He drummed his fingers on the chair arm.  “Very well,” said he, “I'll see what I can do.”
“You're very kind, Holmes.  Merry Christmas!” was quite enough.  My secret stayed with me.  My secret, filled with sentimental bits.
.  I believed that Dr. Watson here would be a solid match.  And I was right, now, wasn't I?”
” he asked, all petulance.  “What have you
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” I replied.  Then, once more:
We both found this quite hilarious.
“Yes, yes, I know,” I said, impatiently.  What the devil was the matter with the man?  I thrust the note into his hand.  “Here are some things that must be done to keep the lady comfortable.  She informs me that she has a friend – a Mrs. Turner, I believe? – but that friend is out of town and not returning 'til the weekend.  Therefore, she asks if you might be so kind?”
In the waiting-room outside was Mr. Holmes.  Standing quite tall and still and serious.
tell you?”
“Yes,” I nodded.  “Several ladies, while I studied for my medical degree.  But nothing came of either of them.”  I shrugged comically.  “And you?” I turned the question back to him.  Holmes quirked his lip, and took a sip of his white wine, which he rolled up and down his palate before swallowing, and answering.
“Your plans, Holmes.  For the day?”
“Chico,” said he, “it is only right I tell you this.  I am Augusta's nephew.  When your mother died, she left the entirety of her estate to me.”
I frowned, not a little confused by the switch in the topic.
He nodded, half-distracted.  “I shall look forward,” he said warmly.  “Good day then, Watson.”
“Wait just a moment,” sang Sherlock Holmes, as cheerily he might in view of the glass shards underfoot, “I will be with you, er, um, yes, in a New York minute.”
I craved these things, and dreamed of more.
We conversed pleasantly for just a little while.  At some point, pots of tea and plates of sandwiches were brought into the garden and presented on a trestle.  I circulated with the other guests.  I noted darkly that Miss Cooper still had not returned.  At length, I made excuses and retired up to the Green Room, where I hoped to read awhile in peace before the dinner gong.
“See me again, at least.”
,” explained the owner of the eye.
“I don't believe that for a minute.”
The music had stopped.  I strained my ears, for I seemed to hear an advancing foot tread on the stair.
“You share the same brand of cigarette,” said Sherlock Holmes, looking from the lady to Chico Bruce.  The change of subject struck me as jarring; I felt very sorry for this old woman and her memories and photographs, and for how she must be feeling and her bravery despite it.
We kissed for minutes, fairly ravenous again, my hand inside his shirt and kneading at his chest, until he stopped me, drew away.  “I think perhaps we'd
He flushed.  “That will be fine.”
“Any man who has nothing to lose is a dangerous foe,” said Holmes at last, a wry twist to his face.
“I don't see how that can be,” I said.  “You managed far more sleep than I, last night.”
“Insufferable little tart,” I said, once we were back out on the street.
“No,” I said, “what I mean is, please remove your jacket and roll up your shirt-sleeve.”
The Inspector stepped into the room.  He pointed towards the desk.  “You put something inside the drawer.”
Hazel Dickens clapped her hands and all but hopped upon the spot.
He sniffed once, cleared his throat.  “Must I still buy her the sugar pigs then?” he enquired.
Is it safe now?  What will happen?  I understood him to hold a governmental position?”
Holmes's own effort yielded no different result.
, so much the better.”  He struck a fingernail against the upper third of his filled wine glass, and the sound, so sweet and thin, reverberated.  “I want to hear about the Army.  How you started, where you went, how you enjoyed it.”
“He must have been a very light and nimble fellow, Holmes,” I said, following his gaze.
“Thank goodness she won't be living in,” said he.  “That would be nigh intolerable.”
I lost him very often and had to sprint to catch his shadow.  And from somewhere in the distance, Mycroft's voice:
I'd barely settled with a nightcap when a knock upon the door made me start up.  Could it be him?  (But yet so soon?)
“Congratulations, Holmes,” I said.  And we looked at each other again.  Ten minutes ago, we had been in each other's arms, where anything seemed possible.  We had both of us retracted now – a little – into the safety of our shells.  “What will you do now?”
He paid me not the slightest mind.
And the tiny jasper skull that sits atop my bedside table watches this in mute approval.
Holmes removed his tie, cast off his jacket and threw himself into a chair.
it all,” my friend exclaimed, catapulting off the seat, “I had forgotten all about it.  Where's the basket?  Oh Watson, really, we are doomed, I tell you,
“How terrible,” I said (while not confessing that I too, upon occasion, was rather fond of wasting money on the track).  “But the position of the body?  And the open drawer?”
I held up the coil of ribbon.  “Wrapping a gift.”
“Holmes?”
“They are his friends, yes.  Well, that is all for the time being.  No, there is no need to get up, Mrs. Barker, we shall see ourselves out.  Good morning.”
“Dr. Watson!” she exclaimed.  “Whatever happened yesterday?”
“Wait,” I said.  “I am confused.  Why, then, did it end up in Dawkins' possession?”
“What do you want?”
We were shown into the sitting room, whereupon the maid scuttled off to find our friend.  I looked about in reminiscence.  Nothing had been altered, as far as I could tell.  The furnishings were still old and slightly tattered.  Such ornaments as had been placed upon the mantel and the shelves were rubbed and jaded; much beloved, I assumed.
We ventured downstairs to the drawing room, where cocktails had been served.  We found ourselves in conversation with Uncle Rufus, who was a scatterbrain, but affable and curious.  He had learned I was a doctor, and so regaled me with a litany of medical complaints.  A hypochondriac, to boot!  We spoke a while with Newton Cooper, whose mood was greatly changed from lunch.  He had argued with Miss Alice; this had apparently unsettled him.  Mycroft arrived; the group so gravitated then towards his orbit.  Holmes and I drew to the side, onto a sofa by the window.
We drank our coffee at the table in the sitting-room, the fire lit, and the day outside just brightening, as snowflakes fell and settled, melted, settled once again.  It was a day to spend in bed, to laze, make love, and talk.  A plan that would be thwarted if our housekeeper remained aloof.  For then, we'd have to pay a second visit and do – something.  (I knew not what.)
“I think I'd like a little more,” he said.  (He seemed surprised by this.)
“She could not possibly be as bad as Mrs. Turner,” said my friend, as he heaved himself up and away.  “I am quite certain that that woman would feed us the same dish as her dog might get.”  He winked at me.  “We can only be grateful that we do not lodge next door, eh, John.”
He gaped at me.  I stared right back.  “Watson,” he said slowly, “were you banking on my not knowing the meaning of that word?”
And he was gone – again! – and I was left; a tumbled book, a beating heart, and everything between.
“What trouble is there?” I asked, baffled.  “Mr. Dooley only has to make it clear that he's not interested?”
“Well, what was I supposed to do?” he snapped.  “And lower your damned voice, or next door's clownheads will be on to us.”
“You have an allergy?”  I was genuinely curious.
Holmes came to join me, and we laid back on the bed in just our shirt-sleeves, gazing up at the cracked plaster.
The sly fellow, he had been peeping all the while.
The back door swung wide open.  Spencer's frame hove into view.  The terrier leaped in joy as if he had not seen his master for a week.  The man bent to rub the scruff-haired ears, to tug lightly on the collar.
“Dawkins repeats his story without deviation.  The interesting fact, my dear fellow, is that Mrs. Barker's handwriting in no way resembles the script that appears on Dawkins' message.”
“Has he?” I said, shocked.  “I was reading of him only just an hour ago.  What happened?”
“You'd better,” he said, ripping off his jacket and his tie.
And I absolutely need to thrust my nose into his armpit, or his groin, to breathe the scent of him.  And yes, I am aware that this is feral and slightly odd, perhaps, and yet I do not care.
“Thank you, Mrs. Barker.  Now, do any of these names appear familiar?”
scandal.”
“We'll
Pike had paled, just slightly.  He agitated his lace cuffs, and doll-stepped slowly now towards us.
I moved away.  I undressed quickly, threw my clothes into a pile upon the floor.  When I was naked, I stood by the bed, and looked at Holmes.  And he, upon the other side – now naked too, and perfect, every inch of him – looked back at me.
“How generous,” said my friend in an even tone.  “We should be interested in a short appointment with this remarkable object.  Might you tell us the fee?”
“Yes!  You see how much you notice, when you try?  Well done, Watson.  Now, let me see what this old fellow has to say.”
Holmes drained his coffee cup and stood.  He snatched his pipe from the small table by the fireside, and squinted in the bowl of it.  “No,” he said.  “An irritant.”  He winked at me.  “That's all.”
“You have a client near Pall Mall?” I asked, intrigued.
“That woman's name, I've forgotten it again.  Oats?  Oaf?  Something with an O.  John?”
He looked at me severely.  “Or it might
The door of number eight creaked open, and we two sprang to attention.
The last said with a great dramatic eye-roll and a hand-flap.
“Letters and telegrams,” said he.  “It is either feast or famine and very little inbetween.”
The house was one of four that huddled back from the main road, and was neglected to the point of tumbledown.  A rancid garden at the front declared the property's abandonment.  I picked my way through weeds and odd detritus to my man.
”  His fingers clawed at me.
I froze.  Something very terrible must obviously be happening.  “What?” I whispered, fair alarmed.  “Is there a spider in my hair?”
“Into your room with you,” I said.
“We each have our moments, I am quite sure of it.  I wish you might have
that, you could easily break a bone.”
“I am,” said Holmes.  “And now I want cake.  Where is it?  Give me cake.”
“How was Mycroft?” I enquired.
I processed this with some great effort.  Holmes produced a pair of nail scissors from his pocket with a fine flourish.  “Give me it,” he said.
To his dismay my friend discovered that he could duck his head no lower.  One eye peeped up, afraid, alone, and quivering in its socket.
He rose, just slightly, fell back down. Cried out.  Again, again, again...  I bit his flesh; his nails scraped mine; we heaved and fucked, and thrust and
“You are, but I quite like that,” I said, smiling.
“I've earned their loyalty,” said he.  He touched my arm.  “Watson, I'm all yours now.  Where should we go?”
“You think!”
here?” Holmes hissed.  “I said I'd always come to you.”
“Your powers of deduction are
My friend tutted with impatience.  “Yes, yes, but you already KNOW that.  Everybody knows it, because you will insist on writing up those silly stories of yours.  I don't know why you always seem so surprised about everything.”
“No doubt you do,” I said, my lips pinched tight.  “But you will have to suffer me instead.”  Handsome, yes, perhaps, but I had never met a ruder man.  “I will call round again tomorrow, at the same time.  I am on hand for all emergencies, so do not hesitate to contact me.”  I offered him my hand with gritted teeth, and he accepted it.  His palm was cool and smooth.  We shook.
At the bottom of the box, a beaten, bruised and de-stuffed teddy bear.  I hauled it out and showed it to my friend.  “Was this one yours?”
“I am John Watson,” I concurred.  “And you are...?”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A silence in the room.
He screwed up his face.  I reached out for my medical bag.
He sipped his whisky sullenly.  “
“And yet you would have me prone upon this wretched grass, regardless.”  A pause.  “Oh, you know what I mean.”  A distracted brushing of the pollen, of the mud; of close attention to the bootlace.
“No thanks to you,” the fellow said.  “I sent the telegram at
sure,” he said, all tetch and pique.  “But we've exhausted every other route.”
“Pike wishes to meet you,” I said, my heart cold in my chest.
Stone might have answered, but for Mr. Dawkins sweeping in (as best he might on one good leg) and standing defensive before the curtain, a grey-haired sentry, most indignant.
“What a hideous noise,” said my friend.  “Stop her, John.”
“I'll be home later on today.  I'll fetch him then.”
“I love this room,” I said, “I always have.  It's so large, and light, and cheerful.  My own's a tomb; perhaps you'll see it some day soon.”
He merely wagged a finger at me.  “I never theorise,” said he.
A Monday morning, early, on Clayton Street.  A third floor room, a double bed, two figures clinched and shrouded, sleeping.  The spring air biting, as the window stood ajar the whole night through, the curtains fluttering in reprimand.  Shirts and trousers tossed around the room, as if by sprites set on a mischief, and a pocket watch sat ticking on a table by the bed, where a pale hand stretched out to grasp it, to draw it to a groggy face, to squint the dawn away.
I hooked an arm around him, pulled him prone upon the sofa.  He emitted a soft squawk.  I set to anchor him with half my body weight.
He clenched down hard on the soft amber, then, scowling, turned his gaze to mine.
I thrust my tongue in him, to shut him up.  I pulled him by his elbows; he resisted at the doorframe.  With my saliva on his chin, his hair a shock, his braces shucked, he gasped and scrabbled and regrouped.  “I hadn't planned on this,” he breathed.
His face roiled in a horror.  “Good lord, no.  I work with Scotland Yard quite often, and with private clients rather more.  I am,” he said, with some degree of pride, “a consulting detective.”
I had not considered that, to my great shame.  I felt deflated.  Holmes squeezed my arm.
“Oaks,” I said, “you know just about everything that happens in the village, am I right?”
“And that's what I'm
So came five o'clock.
“Here is your prize,” said Mycroft Holmes.  “And please don't drink it all at once.”
, I'm physically attracted to you, Holmes, do you expect me to deny it?  Do you think so little of me that you'd assume I'd merely class you a
“I'm recently reformed,” I said.  I yanked him closer and we kissed a second time.  It was as heady as the first.
I wended to the kitchen, placed the letters on the table.  From the window I could see the tall lean figure of my friend at some far distance by the hives.  I unlatched the door and made my way to him, picking a path across the long grass.
Holmes returned to Baker Street a little after one o'clock.  I had spent the intervening hours in quiet consideration, and arranging a small few of my possessions around our sitting-room: a figurine, an ashtray, several books upon the shelf.  My own tastes in modern literature were quite dissimilar to my friend's.  I had a fondness for 'sea adventures': pulpy, common reads that Holmes would very likely turn his nose at.  I opened up George Meredith at some late point, determined to be dutiful, and it was he I persevered with 'til the sandwiches for luncheon were brought up by Mrs. Hudson.  I had taken but one bite out of a dainty egg and cheese, when the front door below resounded and I heard the pounding footsteps that heralded the return.
And he, while sitting there with his great smoke, and chattering of violins and their position in the orchestra (of which I had not the faintest interest, but listened rapt regardless), could not have dreamed of the huge roil within his friend sat closely opposite.
“Yes,” I said, “but look.  Do you recall that Lestrade informed us the murder weapon had a thin, broad blade?
“Uncle... Rufus, and Aunt... Rufina?” I said slowly.
“Oh god.”  A strangle; barely that.
“We might catch the three thirty,” he said.  “I shall wire and tell Victor.”
“Wait here,” he said.  He disappeared, but presently returned.  “All right.”  He took his seat.  “I had a letter from old Stamford, do you know, before you came back with your silly note.”
Holmes put his Stradivarius away, and we were quiet for a while, lost in our thoughts.
“Oh, I, er, well,” I said.
He took a piece of toast and stabbed it with a curl of butter.  He paused to scratch his leg, smearing his trousers as he did so.  He shifted in his seat; he shook his shoulders, set his jaw.
I turned to Holmes.  “What does he mean?”
Rusty turned his attention to a gorse bush.  He sniffed around it, cocked his leg.
, half completed paper puzzles.  Picture postcards tucked between the dusty volumes on the bookshelves.  I was admiring one of these – a still life of fruits and flowers, mixed – when Holmes grasped me by the arm.
I was in two half minds about it.
“How fascinating.  What is the artifact?”
“There was an accident,” I said.  I raised my hat.  “I trust the lady is no worse?”
“That's right,” I said.  I straightened up, on the alert in case he made a fuss.  It seemed that he might not.  He nodded civilly, and edged his way into the room.  He hesitated, then:
Re-entering the Blue Room, I found the two beds separated and the pillows and the sheets arranged just so.  Holmes was dressed and at the window, looking out into the grounds.  The morning sun shone through and caught his face in bright, white light.  I joined him there, to gaze down at the garden.  My eyes strayed to the far front gate.  No-one.  No doubt too early.
Mr. Sherlock Holmes was sitting at the table with the bottles and the acids, and he sprang up as we entered after knocking on the door.
“I've never meshed with anyone,” said he.  “So you're the first.”
We had neighbours – separated by tall hedges – but not so very near our cottage that they might prove to be a nuisance.  Ten minutes down the road was Mrs. Oaks's home, where I supposed she was this very minute, easing off her boots and making with her day.  I passed a fellow on the path close by the cliffs; we raised our hats and exchanged greetings, and complained about the weather.  “You are new here?” said the chap.  “Oh yes, just moved in yesterday,” said I.  “I say, how great, I hope you're settled in for Christmas.”  And we were off again, upon our separate ways.  How very different from the city, where it is each man for himself!  By the time I reached the steep path to the beach I'd started whistling, and as I skidded to the sea I felt the happiest man alive bar not a one.
“Are you really?” I puffed.
,” said Mycroft Holmes.  “I was so
Our journey to Scotland Yard kept my mind reeling, as I clawed through all the evidence.  Each new statement seemed to reveal a contradiction, each fact in question.  To begin with, a mysterious and deadly night caller, who escaped from a locked room – but via the window, or the door?  Was it they who stole the skull and wrote the note and then delivered it to Dawkins?  Or was Mrs. Barker lying merely to protect herself?  But if the latter were the case, it did not alter the plain fact that her handwriting was not a match to the skull's note!  And if the damage to the drainpipe
“And you do not mind the...”  Here Mycroft Holmes made a small gesture of a piston with his thumb and first two fingers, and I stared at the strange mime and frowned.
We both shudder at the thought of this.
John, I know you're a doctor, but really.  That's the first thing that springs to your mind?”
“Oh, right, oh aye?  You think you're better than me, then?”
We wandered slowly to the hall, and peeped into the library.  From there we found the dining room, and further down, behind the stairs, the billiard room and music room.  The kitchens led away through to the back, and so we ventured past the study and the sitting room, and up the stairs to roam the bedroom corridors and storage rooms.  Eight bedrooms, all in total, with seven occupied at present.  The house was beautiful and dignified; an emblem of good housekeeping.  A further set of stairs led to the attics, I supposed, but we did not go so far in our adventures, and returned to take a stroll within the grounds around the front.
We sat the straighter in our chairs.  “You
“So what's all this,” said he, taking a chair, accepting a large whisky.  “This is two days on the trot, I feel quite honoured.  Oh I say, this is good stuff.”  He took a second sip and beamed at me.
“Why, a sample of handwriting that matches the one on the burnt paper.  Anything that might relate to the garden itself.  Honestly, John, what do you
I dove in, and I took him, and I gloried in the doing so.
He laughed.  “Impossible.  But answer me.”
“Well, so you did,” I said.  “Well done.”
I yielded – of course I did.  Would you have expected otherwise?
,” he whined.  He rocked, a little, cautiously.  “Oh,
“No, no, it is a social call,” I said.  “I wonder, might I speak with him?”
He cackled.  “Oh, you fibber.  And now I've nothing more to do.
Holmes ignored me.  “I had just returned from the tobacconist, and hardly set foot upon the stairs, when I was absolutely set upon.  Sharp teeth and everything.”
“I am in love with you,” I said.
“A rendezvous, just prior to the lady's demise, which may or may not be related.  And these cigarette stubs.  Are they of true importance?”
Mr. Parrow blinked and nodded, with an expression akin to awe upon his face.  “I am aware,” he replied softly.  “I am aware, oh yes, indeed.”  His fine moustaches twitched in pleasure.  He shook the hand proffered to him, and introduced himself quite formally.  “I am from the Belgian police force,” he explained.  “One day I hope, perhaps, to extend myself more in your line of work.  I find you an
For the next five minutes Mr. Sloan regaled us with the grounds for his belief.  We were reminded of his devotion and respect, and how his thoughts had been of Holmes when he had paid his friend, the gypsy, a short visit for a reading, and she had asked him what concerned him, and how he might be needing clarity.  He had no family to speak of, nor many other friends to talk with.  He thought it might be interesting to see what she could reveal about his 'hero'.
“Of course I do,” said Holmes.  “At least, some bits of it.”  He paused.  “The bits with you in.”
His face was blank.  “I beg your pardon, what?”
The afternoon proceeded slowly.  At five o'clock, I wended home to bathe and change.  I felt a rumble of excitement in my stomach, so familiar, and fierce.  I took a cab to Baker Street.  I heard the bell ring through the house, and the quick footsteps of the landlady.
“Do you wish to change?”
Holmes turned to me.  His expression was unreadable.
have come to all sorts of conclusions from the dots on the 'i's and the curls of the 'e's.”
early on, then yes, I think I would have minded.  There may have been a frightful scene.”  He smiled.  “In matters of the heart, you know, I used to be irrational.  At least, more than I am
This fortnight past had been a tranquil one, however, with little of calling for the either of us.  With this great heatwave, I may dare claim that to be a good thing.
The bell rang for the second time that day.
We stared again.
“You foul part-timer.”  Toby stood and combed his hair before the mirror at the dresser.  “Do you still have your key?”
“Wait,” I exhaled, catching hold of his arm.  I was dimly aware that I had repeated the words –
“I didn't cancel,” Dooley said, shaking his head.  “And Mycroft didn't mention anything to me.”
Through the crack I spied a tousled mop of blond, a young man fastening his tie, stooping to lace his shoes.  “You hypocrite,” I said.  “Toby, you bloody little hypo--”
“It will happen again, though,” he said thoughtfully.
He chuckled quietly.
“So you shall.”
A pregnant pause.  “It is your turn,” I said.  My head, comprised of whisky, crimson thoughts of him.
We were silent for some moments.
“It is snowing,” I observed, spying the flake-fall through the curtain.
“John,” said he, “your language grows more flowery by the hour.”
I do,” said Mr. Holmes.  He seemed a little agitated.  “There is legwork, and there's chemistry,” (he cast a scowl in my direction) “and there's piecing clues together.  It's complicated,” he finished proudly.  “You really wouldn't understand.”
.  Christ, you're just like a child.”  He latched me into his arms, where I stood, mute, confused.  “Will you just tell me what happened?”
I still lost.
is,” said Mycroft Holmes.  “Still in London, I expect, else he's not showing up at all.  Adams is here, and so is Eva.  There are a few others still to come.”
The water bowl was empty when we paused upon the outside step.  The terrier was nowhere to be seen.  We shook Victor's hand, made our promises and farewells, and left the cluttered gables for the swelter of old London.
must.”
I nodded, leaning forward, to encourage him.
“I cannot understand,” I said, “how being caught in an embrace inside a stairwell with a lady friend, could result in such embarrassment?”
“Well, Watson, do you
“It's only the beginning,” I said softly.  “Think of all the years to come.”
Base and absolute.
“I was not put on this earth to be your sole source of amusement,” I retorted.  “I've been shopping.  See, I've bought some holly, and some ribbon, and some cottonwool, and --”
“Holmes,” I said, “if you don't tell me all that occurred this very minute --”
“I like your sitting-room,” I said.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“We will not be blackmailed by him, Pike,” said Holmes.
“Ah.  Well.  You know, I could--” he began.
Holmes huffed a sigh.  We exchanged glances.
“Losing at cards?”
I rolled my eyes towards him.
“I should write a monograph on the subject,” said Sherlock Holmes, rising up and making for the Persian slipper and his pipe.
, now.  Now.  My god,
“Terribly sorry, old fellow,” I said, reclaiming his cup.  “I shall pour you another.”
“Very well explained, Watson,” said Holmes dryly, with a roll of his eyes.  “I shall certainly know what to buy you for Christmas.”  He sat in his chair and set his chin in his hand.  “The housekeeper provided me with a detailed description of the skull.  It is a red jasper, of course, as we both know.  It also happens to have a large 'vug' at the back, and an agate inclusion in the forehead.  The poor woman had to dust it quite often enough to remember its characteristics.  You don't know what a vug is?  Well, look it up.  Dawkins, Dawkins, Dawkins...  Ah!  Watson!  I think that I have it!”
Gregson thumbed in my direction.  “You want to borrow him?”  This to the fellow Holmes, who nodded shortly.  “Some field work for you then, John, if you like.  Might be of interest.”
His linen jacket, unbuttoned, his waistcoat still bound to him, guarding the riches of the muscular lean torso.
“I have heard a little, but the results are not conclusive.  The Coroner seems not to suspect any foul play.  There are one or two tests they have yet to perform.  How slow it all is!  They insinuate that it was due to a weakened heart.  But, oh, Mr. Holmes, the
How many similar wounds had I attended to, these past four years?  Stitches sewn and cuts wiped clean and neatly bandaged.  My friend held scant regard for his own safety or wellbeing, and this gave me cause to fret rather more often than I liked.
“Sit, sit!” he said.
“Hmm.  What are your plans for the day?”
My friend wrenched me away down the hall.  I knew better than to scold him for his rudeness, for it would do little next to no good.
He made to bustle me before him, but I had questions still to ask.
He latched his arm to mine.  Our journey up towards the top was the more difficult, for reasons.
A rasping of the key, then, and a wrenching of the door.
“NO,” I said, my voice raised high.  “That isn't how it is at all.”
“We have to win,” I said.
Miss Isobel walked slowly, and yet alas, she kept on talking.  Her arm tucked tight in mine, we wended our way gradually, the street lamps pooling light, the cool air making us both shiver.  “It's so cold,” the girl complained, “it doesn't feel like spring at all.  Look, how that gentleman is hurrying, he can't wait to be home and by his fire.”  I looked in the direction she was pointing, but the figure had dissolved into the shadows.  “It's been so nice to spend this evening with you, doctor,” said she, sweetly.  “I hope we'll see you often now.”
final reminder from Newton's.  He threatens to break both of my kneecaps if I do not settle that dratted invoice for that wretched, dratted cabinet.”  He paused.  “I suppose that I should pay it.”
“Will you play your violin a while?”
Neither of us mentioned what was foremost in our minds.  We washed and dressed and made our way downstairs.  We opened curtains, peeped outside – fresh snow! – and found each other in the kitchen.  Holmes was staring at the coffee pot as if it were an eight-pronged beast.
“What a glorious evening,” I exclaimed.  And then: “Oh!  Well, I say!  Holmes,
“I promise, you will have your own set of hives one day,” I said.  “But I could hardly begin to imagine Mrs. Hudson's face if you set up in her yard.”
“It seemed like a good idea at the time,” said he – as if that should explain all and everything.
Scowling, he lay back and unbuttoned, drawing down a few inches of cloth.
My friend looked at the letter.  He looked at me.  He looked back to the letter.
“A shame for you, then,”  he replied.  “I rarely do, and
“But, what?!”
I poured two cups of tea and set one down for him.  I felt disheartened and rejected, but did my very best to hide it.  Of course, we were still strangers to each other, and of course, we did not know each other's stories yet, not really, just the barest bones, and hardly that.  I wanted to, god knows, and that thought pricked at me.
He was sitting at the window, looking down into the street, smoking a cigarette.  His profile was extraordinary: angled, lean, intense; I sensed the grace within the coil.  I watched him then, for half a minute, even longer, whereupon all of a sudden he exhaled a lengthy sigh, and turned his head.
“Aye, well talking's a bad enough thing where that fellow's concerned.  Don't see him again, John.  Will you promise me that?”
“No, I'm
.”  He shook his head, began to laugh.  “Look where that got us the first time.”
“No,” said Holmes.
“Then let's be off,” I said, excited once again now, “so we might catch ourselves a table at the front.”
And so it was I found myself out in the corridor, and scuttling for my bag, before returning to find Holmes examining his pocket watch.  He snapped it shut as I approached.  “Exeter Place,” he said.  “It's quicker if we take a cab.”  We found one without trouble.  Once inside and on our way, we looked each other up and down.
I knew just what he was going to suggest before the sentence had yet left his lips.  “
“No!” I dropped his hand.  “Whatever for?  And why?  You are on holiday.”
Dawkins named a preposterous sum which my friend paid without demur.
Holmes was back home by three o'clock.  He flung his coat into a corner, tossed the scarf into a chair, and jettisoned his gloves behind his writing desk.
“You watched the
, at any rate.”  He yawned and stretched like a sleek cat upon his chair.  “Quite a dull day, but never mind, it can't be helped.”
A small misfortune, then, to have it almost knocked from off my shoulders by a charging bull with flaxen hair.  Inspector Gregson – for it was he – spun on his axis and held out both his hands to steady me.
“It is a valuable antique, Mr. Holmes.  I want it near me, you understand, so that if my house is burglarised at night, well, it won't be so likely to be taken.  I am a bachelor and I live alone, save for my old housekeeper who keeps a back room.  I do have a safe-box, but it is small and it is full of my papers and deeds, and Bugalugs simply wouldn't fit.”
“Did something
“At the very least, show me what you have found,” I said.
His attention was so wholly on that sandy coloured terrier that he did not notice us at all, nor the fact that Holmes had taken one step out from behind the lamp post to track his path.
“You weren't complaining when you bedded me.”  And now I was belligerent, and handling it quite badly.  “I suppose that if I'd made you wait, you'd think the better of me.”
“Do you live nearby?” Holmes enquired after some minutes.
“I understand.”
“You are somewhat unfit,” Holmes observed with a frown.
“Then where are you hiding it,” he said, all mock hurt.
“What do you
I felt a small lump in my throat.
I raised my hand and thumbed a sheen of perspiration from his brow and upper lip.  “Yes.  You do.”
“I am wearing my dressing-gown,” he retorted, “which is hardly
“What do you mean by 'unfortunate'?” she wheezed out at last.  “How did you come by my name?”
sorted for the weekend, then.”
Later, by the fire, we fell to silence.  Yet later still, when I'd retired to bed, once more the frigid room with its small fireplace and smaller draughty window, I lay there, frowning with my conscience.  And after frowning for the better part of half the night, I slept, and tossed the blankets off the bed, and wrenched the pillows into mania.
“Oh, well, don't be dramatic.”  And then a pause.  “But if you like.”
“Not quite as slowly as all
“It is so very good to meet you,” I said, bowing.  “I am John Watson, and this gentleman is Sherlock Holmes, of course.”
hear his study door close shut a minute later.”
“There is a word for men like you,” I said, eyes twinkling all the same.  “Get on your back, god damn you.  I'm going to give you what you want.”
“I do not doubt it in the least.”
We straightened ourselves out.
And later still, it was half-past.
“I remember now,” I said.
“These are for you,” I said.  Into his face, I thrust a bunch of flowers; tulips and daffodils.  As a side-note, I held out a box of chocolates.  “And these.”
We were quiet for some moments, each sipping coffee, lost in thought.  Then:
I scratched my head.  “I have read of some success within the field of hypnotism – but, Holmes, what connection does this have with Talmadge's murder?”
I did not argue.  Within a short while I was back within our sitting-room, and looking through the cupboards and our bookshelves for the volume I had read however many years ago, upon the legend of the crystal skulls.  After some ferreting, I found it –
We drank the tea and ate the sandwiches.  At my request Holmes wound the phonograph, and we listened to the Hoffmann Barcarolle.  It was a pleasant interlude, and we talked of books and plays, and of a theatre trip to London in the not too distant future.  On our last visit we had called on Mrs. Hudson, and learned that she was still seeking lodgers for those 'light and airy rooms', and just how no-one did pass muster, how strange it was, and how she missed us.  “Just enjoy the peace and quiet,” said Holmes, “after twenty-two years of loud chaos.”
“You had forgotten,” I decided.
“There is a fellow by the shore,” I said.  “He has a little dog, how grand.”  I tugged at Holmes's sleeve.  “Let's go and say good day to him.”
“She is harmless, John, and too aged to be conniving in such a fashion.  It is coincidence, and nothing more, you must take my word on that.”
The bell jingled as we entered.  The shop was sprawling, aisled, chaotic, quite fantastic.  Glass-topped counters all around, each one displaying its themed treasures.  There were no price tags.  I extended my startled admiration to an African mask pinned to the wall, framed by four sharp and gruesome spears.  We passed by paintings, some hung, some not, and glanced at porcelain and glassware.  We excused ourselves around three customers conferring in an aisle, and marched up to the counter at the far side of the room.  Behind it sat a gentleman of some fifty years of age, with rather more than a trace of the cadaver about him.  His thin face, although smooth and unblemished, was pale, almost ghostlike.  His hair was a side-thought of tufted grey curl.  The spectacles perched atop his nose were small enough to be of little use if he should have a need to focus.  The high stool that he was balanced on creaked in an agony as he leaned to rest his elbows on the counter.  His smile was broad, his teeth were few.
Brown paper, twine, and wooden box, the green velvet and the phial of blood.
.  Oh, yes, indeed.”
- END -
“I'd like to see you solve a crime,” I said.  “Observing in that way.”
... however, I am the oddest bird, so there are certain facts about me that I am sure you would not wish to know.”  He smiled.  “Oh, you're frowning again.  It's all right.  I haven't
“Holmes?  Is that you?”
Holmes threw a look at me.  “Well, not to
Holmes smoothed his hair back from his forehead in a nervous, fractious gesture.  “In a manner of speaking.
“Is this too soon for you?” I ask him, anxious now.  I am worried that I am pushing him, too soon, too much, too fast.
I stared hard at the glass phial upon its green and velvet pillow.  Something macabre, or scientific?  A first name initial, or... what else?
“Yes sir, he occasionally did.”
“Who was... the man?”
Holmes's face now bore every indication of a beatific smile.  “A severed arm, just off the path,” he elaborated broadly.  “A blood trail, leading away into the grass.  A high-pitched, wailing scream.  A --”
We shared the toast, and very shortly we had tea, which I poured out.  We sat companionably, looking from our window to the street bustling below.
The rain was battering the windows, but the bedroom was inviting, and with us snug and safe within I could resist its charms no longer.  I flung myself upon the counterpane, which smelt fresh and clean and welcoming.  I sighed and inhaled deeply.  Holmes sat beside me on the bed.
“The tea is still hot.  Would you care for a cup?”
I stared at him aghast.  “What?”
Holmes swept me up in an embrace.  He kissed me sharply.
He hummed in my right ear.  It made me shiver to my core.
He took my hand and led me to his bedroom door, which was ajar.  He pushed it open, stepped inside, and watched my face as I stood looking all around.  “I can't believe I'm here,” I said.  “I thought you'd keep me waiting until Christmas.”
that's your knees.  I'm a martyr to mine.”
“I don't care about beastly breakfast,” he replied.  “I'm hot, and I'm cross, and I've just had a row.”
He pulled me over to the policemen, two of whom were in plain-clothes.  I learned their names: Inspectors Gregson and Lestrade.  The former was a friendly fellow who engaged me in discussion on my history and more, until my arm was tugged and Holmes led me away.
“I'm glad of that.”
“Watson,” he said at last, “I think you surely have a temperature.”
“I believe you,” I said, stirring the leaves in the pot and popping over the cosy.  “
The two brothers regarded one another for a duration.  The elder sighed a heavy sigh.
“Yes?” I said, quite startled from my daydream.  “Yes to what?”
I'd made a blunder then, perhaps.  We spoke of nothing for a moment, and the fire filled in the void with anxious crackles, spits and flame.
I watched him as he all but ran, all full delight, towards them.
“A telegram!” I said, and sitting up as an old hunting dog might at the scent of blood.  “
“I shall write her a delightful
“I say that perhaps you should be showing a fraction of remorse.”
,” I said.  “No teasing, now.  I don't think that I can deal with it today.”
“Mr. Holmes, your handwriting is simply awful, sir.  No, I don't know anyone on that list.  Are they his cronies?”
“No more interfering, John,” said he.
At last.
I sighed.  “You're being very cryptic.  I can't think of anything you might have found that would be untoward.”
is obvious?”  There was a tension in the room, and I was batting it around, from hand to hand, chancing my luck, testing my nerve.
,” he said, haltingly.
My friend might have replied, but at that moment the door swung open and we turned to greet our host.
He giggled.
“I apologise,” I said.  “I have cooled down.  I found the fellow irritating, that is all.”  I turned to Holmes.  “I thought you didn't know his name?”
A scuffling; a rusting squeak, which I recognised as the hinges of the full length angled mirror that Holmes kept in a corner of his room.  Whatever was he doing?
Victor half-rose from his bench as we made our approach.  For twenty minutes we had scoured the upper floor rooms: the main bedroom and storage, and the spare furnished chambers without great revelation.  Where the ground floor was snug in its cloth and its clutter, the first floor remained spartan to the brink of neglect.
The door swung open, nary a knock or scant a warning, and the huffing man himself propelled his feet into the room.  He shot a rheumy glare upon the both of us.
,” said Holmes.  “No, thank you.  If I might have a scotch whisky, please.  John will have one too.  Victor, have you heard anything at all from the Coroner's office?  I have no wish to distress you, but I really must know what we are dealing with here.”
“I imagine, of a different sort.”
He looked at me.  His face was almost pleading.  “Watson, please.”
I sat beside him.  “I've had an awkward day,” I said.
By the window stood a tall and dark-dressed gentleman, whose corpulence was notable, in tandem with his breathing which was laboured from his efforts up our stairs.  He was alone, and turned around now as I entered.  His small eyes were sharp and focused, his grey mouth was sour and set, and his three chins were undulating as he dropped his jaw to gawk.
He held aloft a few bundles of the money, set them aside.
Holmes barked a short laugh.  He lit two fresh cigarettes, and handed me one: an intimate act, with the moist of his lips on the foot of my roll.  I thrilled as I touched my own mouth to the paper, and drew in a lungful of strong sweet tobacco.
A tap upon our door.  It was Miss Alice, asking for a private word.  They disappeared onto the landing, and I finished up my wash, and changed my shoes.  I met Holmes downstairs in the dining room.
“You know where to begin,” replied Pike.
My brain was throbbing.  “The lady looks no different now, from when we first arrived.  And nothing has been stolen.  In fact!”  I said, exclaiming, “In fact, she has been bringing food, and going quite out of her way to make us comfortable!  That is, apart from last night, but...”
I ignored him.  “Why did you pretend to be a customer?” I asked.  “And why did you not ask him any questions about Mrs. Barker or Talmadge?”
We were both very quiet for a moment.  Holmes appeared on the verge of a word or a comfort, but in the end he said nothing.
He felt John rub one of the studded gloves over his ass.
Sherlock disguised himself as one of the coachmen that came with us and went to the stable to start our mission.
It was like a pack of wolves had been given permission to feed. They leapt onto the restrained individuals with such violence it was appalling. I heard the sounds of floggers and whips, hands and the wet slap of skin on skin as some were being used in the most base manner possible. My group had fixated on a young woman who was tied to a base with her legs wide. She had a ring gag in her mouth allowing full access to her throat. Quickly she was being taken from front and back at the same time. I heard gagged noises arising from the assault and just as I was about to step in, Alexia stepped in and dragged Anatole off.
“Hello William,” I said. The babe opened his eyes and the blue eyes of my Master were looking back at me from the tiny face.
We shouted until the guards dumped cold water on us.
She turned and Winston went silent.
Everyone including Sherlock jumped at the noise of my voice.
Sherlock looked hurt.
“He’s as ready and we can make him,” I said and Mary nodded.
“Strip!” came the command.
Holmes leapt and attacked Moran. They fell into a heap. Moran was growling and spitting as they fought. He seemed more animal than man. Finally Holmes had him in a hold Moran could not break.
And he just held me and listened to me. Not judging me.
Holmes started stirring in his sleep but Delek calmed him and he slipped deeper.
(See the end of the chapter for
He went up on all fours and then sat on his haunches looking at me for his next order.
I chuckled and watched as his cock thickened at the sound of my voice.
He didn’t see the punch coming to the side of his head. The pain exploded and his teeth rattled.
“I think you get the idea now of how bad it is. But still can’t have you thinking what you did was a good idea on any day.”
I bowed to Yama and said in the monastery common tongue, ”I thank you for your kindness.”
“Should I stop looking and file the usual report,” said Molly as the two men entered the room.
He straightened his tie, “Now we find our way home.”
We snuck down the stone hallway to find a couple of doors that led to other storage rooms. Finally we found a door that seemed to be different.
“I am sure you have plenty of questions for me. So I will give a summery for you and if you have any more after that you may ask.”
I sighed and rubbed my hands across my face trying to find another argument to keep from having to join in with this mad plan, “What if I do it? I am already trained and can easily perform the tasks needed.”
I said, “This one is sorry Sir. But this one is charged with serving food and beverage.”
“You deserve better John. Better than a broken man with voices in his head. Better than not knowing who you are going to deal with on a daily basis. I am not the man you need to serve.”
“Who?”
It had been decided that the children would ‘perish’ as well to set up Mycroft’s claim on William. This was not too hard to do since he was presumed married to a lovely young lady who was ‘with child’ that could come any day now. The wife was one of his slaves under permanent contract with the family but she came from the upper class so it didn’t look too suspicious to the outside world.  She served certain "needs" he had as well as playing the good wife.
Moran entered on a fine Arabian Horse with four men and several mules with chests and bags strapped to them. His men removed their burden and open them for Janan’s inspection.
Then the song starts.
“A number, give me a number,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock looked back at the photo, “72 acres of land to cover. Wiggins you get the search parties set up. I will get to the meet. Call me the minute you have him and tell me the condition he is in. Williams and Sharky, you are with me.”
I tore my shirt and bandaged my arms. I mounted the stallion and rode back into town.
John ran his hand down Toby’s back and then slapped him on the rump, “Let’s get started.”
And, honestly, I hope he wants to do that again.
Delek gestured and three monks entered with razors and shears and they carefully shaving all the hair off my body including my head and my beard.  I didn’t care. I felt warm and safe. There were niggling doubts that surfaced but the voices in the stone told me that I would be fine. I closed my eyes and let the voices wash over me promising me comfort and healing. I could feel Delek run his hands over my body stopping at healed and partially healed part of me. He spent a long time on the bullet wound in my shoulder that had almost taken my life.
John unbuckled the gag.
Jim relaxed and even seemed to preen a bit from that little bit of praise.
I could see both boys getting ready to object but Mycroft cut it off, “Boys, go with Nan. I will see you both at dinner and if you are good, Doctor Watson will be joining us.”
I then kissed him on the right cheek, “I wish for your commands.”
After I shouted my release, he popped off my cock and said in that boy-like voice, “Did I please you Master?”
“John?” came a voice interrupting his dream.
Moriarty grabbed my face in both hands and looked at me hard. My ears rang from the slap that was delivered when she was done looking at me.
Seb removed an envelope from his coat pocket, stood up and formally crossed to John. Kneeling with his head slightly bowed, he offered the envelope up to John who took it and grabbed Seb’s hair pulling him in for a rough kiss, “You are such a good pet my Tiger.”
He standing with his back to the pole and places his hands above his head and arches his chest out.
“I am sure you have questions as I am sure I have answers but this is neither the time nor the place for either.”
“These are your owners James Moriarty. They are your Lord and Master. You have signed contracts to this effect.” He placed his hand on the stack of papers next to him.
The story we present to the public was that I was in mourning for the loss of my wife and children so I was going to the continent to travel and clear my head.
His member was at stiff attention and looked like it was going to explode at any minute.
Seb dropped Sharky and Williams off in front of the place. Sherlock kept his face hidden from the cameras.
Greg snarled at him and John went quiet.
I should have spat in their face.
Mary hugged him and told him to be good.
(See the end of the chapter for
I tried to think about something to reduce the problem when my master said, “No. Let it be. Close your eyes and focus on me.”
He got up and stretched. I looked at his body and the damage done to it. I redressed the few wounds that still needed to be covered and then helped him into his robes. I quickly got dressed myself and the two of us went to breakfast.
“Oh Watson, I have ill-used you indeed,” he said sadly.
We heard from the cave entrance, “We know you are there. Come on out and we will make it easy on you. If not I am sure the dogs could use a meal.”
He smiled and said, “Yes, you will do very nicely.”
I sighed and settled back in my seat for the short ride to 221B.
(See the end of the chapter for
I sat down and tucked into one of Mrs. Hudson’s fine meat pies and washed it down with a lovely red wine that had been decanted for me.
Camera unzipped John’s pants and pulled out his cock inserting the head into the urinal. John did his business and pretty much filled the bottle. Camera took pains to put John back together. John observed that the man had medical training probably a nurse.
Yes it is set up. Yes I promise that I will keep writing. Yes comments make me happy and I do enjoy discussing what I am writing.
After a time, I could only move my head but not every much due to the straps.
“Ah Watson, I don’t think I tell you often enough that you are a rare treasure indeed. You, sir, have a wicked sense of humor.”
He crawled and picked up a towel we had left on the floor from the bathhouse and returned. He used the towel and carefully wiped me down.
“Know that I can do that over and over. I am a doctor. I know how to inflict pain that will not kill you but make you wish I had. And I can heal you and start all over again. I am sure Sebastian told you what I did to him and I was being kind.”
“What happened?” Delek finished my sentence for me. I tried to nod but it made the dizzy feeling worse.
I felt like I was being buried alive. All that I knew that was good in my life had been torn away.
After the incident at the police station, Greg couldn’t put the images of Sherlock fucking John in the interrogation room. It became his go to masturbatory fantasy which was highly unusual for him since he preferred straight porn but would admit to watching gay porn on rare occasions. But that scene….the sounds of Sherlock slamming into John. The moans and groans and cries that were heard. Seeing Sherlock sink his cock into John slowly and then pick up the tempo to such a degree and John taking all that Sherlock could give and more.
“Holmes, I have no idea,” I said with a chuckle and went to sleep.
I was met at the dock by one of Mycroft’s slaves who took my luggage to Baker Street while I was taken to the Diogenes Club and Mycroft. I was lead to the stranger’s lounge one of the few places were conversation could be held within the club.
“I suggest you get as much sleep as you can. Your formal training starts tomorrow.”
“Ok go,” said the voice in front of him.
“Your Master is a very strong man,” said Yama, “Considering the damage to his body, we are both amazed that he is still alive. But then he does have a reason for living.”
Alexia laughed, “Not with the female of the species but he will play when we find the right subject and he finds the right blade.”
I stood and bowed to him, “Your servant Sir.”
“Where you instructed to leave it open so I could inspect it before it was closed?”
It was at that point he pissed himself or rather pissed and dribbled over his clothes and it splashed onto my Master’s dress.
* * * * *
“Good Boy,” said Sherlock, “Now I am going to let you taste but you are not allowed to enter him until I say you can.”
Mary and I found ourselves spending more evenings together and discovered that we both had a love of various board games which we played late into the night. I felt closer to her than I had before. If I were free and had more interest in women, I discovered that she would be my perfect partner. I knew she had affection for me as well. We were a splendid example of an arranged marriage that worked.
OK I am thinking probably another two chapters and this saga is done.
“So you have met your son?”
I pack my bag, thanked Dmitri for his service and sent him back to Mycroft,  then started my trip to Kabul, Afghanistan where I hoped to find my answers to the list of questions that I had been tallying.
Sherlock shot me a look and I composed myself quickly.
I rolled over to find Holmes watching me like a hawk.
I had no reply.
He picked up a glass of water and assisted me in getting a little down my throat.
John smiled, “You are not in trouble.”
He cleared his throat and said louder but still like he was whispering to me, “I hope father rescues us soon. I am starting to feel the damp in my lungs.”
All three men sat slightly forward hanging on his every word.
He looked at me stunned and then collapsed in a heap next to the bed sobbing.
It was a dark and storm night that the twins were born. In fact it was a dark and stormy two days as the twins came into the world
Then the hostess of the party entered and saw me tied to the chair.
“John it was an experiment….”
“No! He is my assurance that you won’t try to do me harm.”
“Yes I can see you and what the duce made you shave your head? It looks absurd.”
He breathed a sigh of relief and felt all the tension he had been holding release.
William shook his head, “I have no idea. Any posting or signage is on the other side of the village.”
“Think,” came the command.
“It doesn’t matter. Proceed.”
“His hands have sustained damage before,” I said before relating what had happened to Holmes during the case of the Missing Client.
I nodded and my cheeks flamed with shame.
“There was that trade deal that was apposed by most of the house of Lords but supported by the house of Commons. Mycroft worked behind the curtain to get the deal to go through. It did pass,” said Albert.
Yama went to the door and gave orders to whoever was outside.
And that is how I John Watson agreed to train Sherlock Holmes to be a slave to be sold on the block in the Marketplace.
John tried to make a break for it. This was insanity in its highest form. He would like to think that Sherlock was on drugs or something but in his gut he knew that this was coming from another place inside Sherlock’s rather strange head.
The treatment for the drug with-drawl had mixed results. He wasn’t dying but he wasn’t less dependent on the substances they were using. At this point I was praying that we could go back to the substances he use to abuse.
“Loyal to a fault,” she said walking behind me.
John dressed in a fresh set of clothes and went into the living room to find that Greg had put everything out and made him a plate of his favorite Thai foods.
I did as he asked and he ran his hands over my front just a hair’s breath away from actually touching me.
“Go away?”
“That’s because I am covered in your cum you idiot. You are smelling yourself on my skin.”
I did as ordered and joined the rest of the household slaves in the salon of the hotel.
“I need you to ‘rescue’ Moran from us and give him back to Moriarty. Then, very publically arrest us and jail us with a daring escape to follow and our fleeing the city.”
“No, Watson. Get up and sit down. I don’t want your service tonight, I want your love,” he said, “Make love to me John Watson. Make me feel your love for me.”
“Run!” screamed William as he pushed the constable hard in the chest knocking him over.
“I’ll…I’ll see what I can do.” I said carefully.
This only encouraged my efforts to please my Master.
Much to my amazement, I received no resistance from Mycroft on my plan. In fact he helped me to get things in order so I could go.
“Where is this temple?”
“What have you done Sherlock?” asked Molly with a dangerous edge in her voice.
Two men grabbed me and dragged me back down to the dungeon where I was thrown into a very cold cell left to wonder about my fate at the hands of the Baron.
“Sherlock I am standing here wearing a bloody Omega strength adult diaper because of you! You did this to me. YOU! And now you are going to do something fucking about it so I can walk home with at least a little dignity before my mind totally vanishes on me for the next several days.”
“Explain,” he ordered and I told him about the other Holmes and what he had told me.
He could hear them leave and the door closed.
‘Relax indeed’ thought Sherlock. He opened his mouth and let his master in.
I do plan to get back to my classic Holmes/Watson piece soon but I did find out that the anthology where the first story I wrote in that series will be published later this year. More details when I have them.
The heavy footsteps on the stairs announced Mycroft’s arrival. The flat was getting rather crowded with people.
Mycroft opened his mouth to speak only to be cut off by Sherlock’s order, “SIT.”
“We removed all of the metal he was bound with,” said my helper, “We can put it back after he is well if it is needed.”
“You are very lucky and owe Jimmy one hell of a blow job. He talked me out of your original punishment.”
“This is medicinal Dr. Watson. It is a mixture that allows his body to rest so it can heal. Without it, he would have died from withdrawl.”
“I am going to remove the gag so you can drink some water. Please don’t scream.”
I promise they will be reunited soon but not yet.
I nodded, “Let’s see if I can find out what it was.”
I found myself falling quickly to a dreamless sleep.
John wished Sherlock would do something useful right now like clean up the kitchen or the bathroom because this hovering was getting old. He closed his eyes and tried to relax when he heard an odd noise.
He obeyed.
“What?”
He grabbed his walking cane and then changed his posture into that of a very old and frail man.
“He must be a handful,” she said.
No one messed with Molly. John had made it clear that her power over them was absolute.
I nodded and wished I hadn’t.
Yama joined me. He sat down next to me and pulled me into a hug. I tried to pull away but he just held me and I just broke down. I cried my fears and terrors into his robes. I sobbed my concerns. I blubbered my secrets. I totally broke down.
That afternoon I stripped and my brother wrapped me in the dread wool blankets like a cocoon. Our compromise was creating a breechclout to preserve my genitals from the wool. I unwrapped for dinner and could see the beginnings of the reaction. I used various meditative techniques our uncles had taught us to not focus on the burning itch that was starting to cover my body.
Both Holmes nodded.
I looked at the dagger that Jaman gave me. I already knew that this dagger gave me access to the people who would help me. Jaman had told me that one of symbol on the hilt informed the Marketplace members that I was one of them. There was the other that informed tribe members that I was a sacred guest to be given what help I needed. And a third that informed people I was considered a son to Jaman’s father and vengeance would be swift if harm came to me. Jaman joked that this made me a Prince among men.
After we had finished our repast, he motioned for me to take my chair.
I looked at Yama and he shook his head.
He stood up still holding onto my wrist and forced me to my knees.
“You listen to me carefully John Watson, slave of Sherlock Holmes, your Master lives. You have a sworn duty to serve him in any manner that he need you to. Right now he needs you to help him find his way back to himself. He needs you to be in charge and looking out for his best interests. He cannot order you to do so but I am on his behalf. You will serve as you have been taught. Apparently you have forgotten this and if you do so again, I will be here to remind you of your obligations. And I ask as a friend, please do not let the situation get this far again.”
Seb and Sherlock made their way to the morgue to find Molly working on a recent gunshot victim. The tattoos revealed the man’s roots in the Russian Solntsevskaya Gang.
Not dead. I sort of forced this chapter out to get to the next bit but it turned out better than I thought it would.
“How long?”
I noticed something odd about the two boys. One had a sweet and even temperament but the other had no soul. He didn’t care how he affected other people as long as he was happy. His sadistic streak came out in tormenting his brother and the slaves. He left me alone I think because his father threated his life if he touched me, but I had to clean up after the mess he made with other slaves including burying a few bodies. We had no way to tell anyone outside the house what was going on inside. The one brother tried to keep his brother in check but I could tell whatever was rotting inside was getting stronger.
“Do you think they are lovers?” John asked.
She walked around my chair looking over my body with great scrutiny. She poked where the bullet had gone into and out of my shoulder rather hard.
The hot meal was delivered as promised along with some more blankets, but they were all wool so useless to me. I took the two that were made from linen of some sort that we had been using. It was colder without our shoes. We also noticed that the room was colder than it had been since we had been locked up here. We figured that there was a cold snap going on outside as is normal for this time of year.
We pooled what little money we had to get a ploughman’s lunch at the local pub and scurried back to the woods to eat and assess where we were.
“Then we have nothing further to discuss. If you care to make a trade, send a servant to the market and ask if they have the English pears in season.”
“And you,” he said, “You lost every thing. I am so sorry John.”
I watched as Simion bled out. The pool of blood lapped by my bare feet.
Seb picked up Sherlock’s head and looked into his eyes. He nodded.
Still working on this as the mood takes me.
Sherlock quickly restrained him and wrestled him to the bed this time restraining him on his front.
All around he heard snarls, growls and howls along with offers to service him then and there.
We both stiffened up and William signaled me to let him lead on this conversation.
I am feeling so sorry for what I am about to put them through but I am going to do it anyway.
“My apologies Sir,” came the reply through tight lips.
“You did just fine boy. You have earned your reward,” said John, “Now go to your room”
I ran and ran without thinking of anything but to get away from the sounds that were echoing in my head.
I put the shoe down and opened my eyes. The look on Holmes’ face was as if I had poleaxed him.
They went off to drink and eat and I examined the woman in front of me. I gave her some water and told her in a low voice to rinse and spit. I checked over and loosened her bonds to allow some circulation.
“So let me see if I have this correctly Sir. Sherlock was sold to people under false pretenses who have vanished. He was sold again to G-d knows who and is G-d knows where? Do I have that correctly?” I bellowed.
Sherlock cleared his throat, “I hear you Sir.”
He grabbed my collar and again tossed me into the cool water of the pool quickly following me into the water.
John’s body responded and he found himself rubbing himself all over Sherlock.
They went to the underground garage where John kept a number of his vehicles at the ready.
This will probably be the last chapter until next week due to the fact that I found out that I am going to Awesome Con thanks to a good friend.
I did as ordered and Sherlock ran his hands all over my body. Stopping on occasion to examine new marks I have obtained since we had parted ways.
“Town is that way,” he said pointing south.
“John’s orders and you know what happens when you go against those.”
“Put yourself back together and go back to whatever you were doing and don’t disturb me until supper.”
I went back to Mary’s room to find that they had cleaned the body up and the room. It looked like she was just asleep Her face looked so peaceful.
I nodded and she went to get the leather gag that had my teeth imprints on it from its use. I removed my hand and she quickly put the gag in place.
Over all the service was very nice and lots of people had lots of lovely things to say about her and how she effected their lives. I heard stories of lives restored, friendships made, and her service to others.
How did his master know what he needed to hear? He was of the firm belief that his master was a mind reader.
Sherlock took the gag out of John’s mouth. John rubbed his rear again Sherlock’s leg getting his slick all over Sherlock’s pyjamas.
Yama pointed at Sherlock’s body at the healing burns on his head and body.  I bit my finger to keep from crying out.
“Or you could help me,” said John.
He dropped the batons and gathered me up in his arms very roughly and hissed in my ear, “It is over when I say it is over. Get up.”
“Rather responsive don’t you think my dear?” she said to the man with her.
“Doesn’t remember what?” I asked, “What did you tell me that sent me over the cliff?”
She punched Seb in the gut and he doubled over.
I told the boy at the door to tell Moriarty that I had news of his Tiger who had been lost.
She died still holding onto my hand.
We found ourselves in short order at Eton in the office of the head master along with the provost.
(See the end of the chapter for
The other man said menacingly, “Let’s hope that your master responds before you need to do that again.”
He came to in his office. He looked at the clock and discovered that only seven hours had past since he had injected himself.
“I know William.”
She laughed at me. I pushed the knife into the skin slowly so she would know I was not playing around.
Starting this up again. Thank you for your patience in this matter.
He shuttered, “I am nothing. I have no story. I am a thing with holes to be filled.”
I walked out to get my thoughts together only to find a monk waiting for me. He led me to Yama’s study where I found a scotch already poured for me.
“The hair,” said Mycroft, “the color of the flame.”
Pason said, “They are here.”
“I tried to escape more than once. I figured that I had been discovered so why stay around. I was not going to find the proof that Mycroft needed at this point.”
Mycroft handed the packet to Sherlock, “My group resealed it so you cannot tell that the packet has been opened. That should help you get John back more or less intact.”
“Are you sure?”
That is how Holmes found us when he entered the cottage.
Sherlock shrugged and said, “It looked like you needed it.”
Our Uncles made an appearance in our lives after our fourth birthday. Our father had read us the stories that Uncle John had written about our Uncle Sherlock from the time we were very young.
He opened his eyes slowly to find that the room lights were dimmed. He could make out several shapes on the chairs and couches in this suite.
He watched John put on a pair of gloves that had a rough pebbled texture on them. John stroked his face and Sherlock could feel the texture rough against the face.
More soon. I just wanted to get this chunk out for y'all to read.
“You are slaves,” declared Moran, “You have no rights or privileges. You are owned. You will learn your place or find yourself tucked in next to Harold in the graveyard here on these grounds.”
John put back on the paws and straps and a new leather dog mask with an opening that fit the ring gag in Toby’s mouth before releasing Toby from the stand.
Sherlock helped him up from the couch and to the bathroom.
“That would be the concussion you suffered from the blow to the head. You are very resilient. The number of blows you have taken to the head over time would make most men’s brains mush.”
He felt his way around the small space he found himself in. He sorted out that he had a fireman’s oxygen kit supplying him air. He had no idea how much there was in the tank.
Holmes was crying trying to stifle the sound of his sobs but once the blindfold was off the evidence was there.
I stood up and took two steps the direction he was guiding me then I dropped and did a sweep kick of his bad leg followed by a groin punch.  He toppled and I grabbed the knife.
“He’ll be fine,” she said getting up and sitting in the chair across from me.
“It is in his choice of slaves that he has created the greatest brain trust the world has ever seen. And I just thought he was picky.”
I stifled a sob and grabbed his arm making him sit down. He flinched at my touch. I removed the corset, the gag, and the nipple clamps from his body. He didn’t move.
I will say that Sherlock was right and Mycroft had the heavy hand that I needed to keep my brain from spinning out of control.
“First for your medical advice that you gave me that has helped my ‘problem’ and now this. You are a treasure indeed. Your Master must be very proud of you.”
He might be an Omega in bed but he was now the Alpha of the house.
Once I was done with his back, he rolled over and I started working on his front. His member was at attention again.
Moran’s knees hit the stone floor with a crack that made me wince.
I gave him what Holmes had told me so far and promised to continue to tell them everything that I learned. Yama checked over my body and changed the bandages that needed changing.
“Yes Ma’am,” came the reply from both men.
“Here he is John,” said an older female voice Toby didn’t recognize, “He was such a good boy too. Took his bath without complaining.”
He finished his scotch and held out his hand. I stood up and helped him up.
William and I had our suspicions about our Uncles and what relationship they were to us but we never pursued it. Our father was our father and we loved him dearly. Our mother was our mother and we loved her dearly as well. We had a good life and we relished it.
I did as ordered and blinked a bit waiting for my eyes to adjust.
“He tore and bit six monks before we could pull him off of you and restrain him,” said Yama.
He did as he had been ordered.
“I don’t remember that case,” said William with a frown.
William shook my hand strongly and said, “Now let’s figure out how we can get out of here starting with the door.”
“You took your firearm, pressed it to your temple and, if Mrs. Hudson hadn’t happened to have walked into the room at that time, you would have pulled the trigger. There is a new bullet hole in the wall of your study that you might want to thank Mrs. Hudson for.”
“Holmes? It is you? Can you see me?” I said in a rush.
“No, he is my master,” I said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Watson, I order you as your Master to tell me what is wrong.”
“I heard about Mr. Holmes’ passing and then yours in Russia. I was most surprised to find both of you on our mountain very much alive. I look forward to reading the tale you will tell.”
“For all of it. For not listening to your sage advice at the beginning of this mess. For not being able to get back to you a whole man. For Mary. For our sons who you haven’t had the chance to see grow up. For taking you to the point where you didn’t want to live anymore. All of this is my doing.”
“I need to talk to Yama about setting out with the next caravan that comes through then we need to see to packing and getting ready to go home,” I said.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Let him go and give me his leash,” said John with a smile looking over his shoulder.
“What the fuck was that?” asked John, “I have an Alpha. I have two Alphas. That shouldn’t happen.”
Sherlock entered the bedroom wearing his blue silk bathroom and nothing on under it. His cock was at attention and pre-cum was dripping from it.
He stares at his fingers on the railing, and shakes his head.
Burns eyes Sherlock significantly. “Might do him good to talk to you though. I’d say you have a good few minutes together if you’re quiet about it.”
Sherlock’s mouth had opened against his back and the soft rhythm of his breathing made the low buzz in John’s belly start to spark and spread. He wiggled his hips, pushing his arse closer to the heat of Sherlock’s groin, and smiled as he made contact with the stiff head of Sherlock’s cock.
“John—” Sherlock’s voice is plaintive. “Kiss me while you’re doing it…”
“She reminds me of you.”
The desire to be alone, to be in darkness, was overwhelming, but the cut on his arm was deeper than he cared to admit and likely needed stitching. He couldn’t ignore it any longer.
The sudden fullness in his mouth and the increased pressure on the back of his throat made John gag around Sherlock’s cock but he didn’t pull off.
Although he can’t see this man, the danger coming off him is as palpable as the cold air pouring in through the broken window. John clenches his fingers into fists behind him, the adrenaline in his blood making his pulse throb in his temples.
, beside him, alive. Alive.
John held his gaze, despite the fact it felt as though Moriarty had crawled in through his eyes and was now slithering around inside his soul, picking things up that were sacred to John, holding them in his white hands, his fingers like pale worms.
Sherlock lets himself be pulled into the circle of John’s arms. His whole body feels effervescent with triumph.
Sherlock can
John is there to catch him though, his hand fastening around Sherlock’s upper arm. “Woah, woah. Easy there.”
No; better to keep it to himself for now.
But the shouting voices are distinct from the noises of the raucous celebration, and it takes Sherlock a moment to understand why—it’s because they’re closer, getting louder every moment actually, and as the owners of the voices reach the hatch of the deck above, Sherlock recognizes, with a frisson of ice-cold fear, the drawling voice of one detested individual in particular.
“Well,” John says, breathless, his warm hands sliding forward to settle on Sherlock’s hips, the touch of his calloused palms rough and yet somehow achingly sweet against Sherlock’s skin. “If I’m the sun, then you’re my moon—” He presses a kiss to Sherlock’s throat. “White and pale and shining.”
John makes a bitten-off, gasping sound, and Sherlock looks up at him in alarm.
He is naked and John is naked and here they are, lying against one another, John’s mouth against his hair.
“That doesn’t explain why you got hard now.”
“Oh, Jim, how charitable…” Sherlock’s voice was cold, his face twisted in an expression of humorless mirth. “Using the defective citizens as your messengers. What’s next? A children’s hospital?”
Sherlock slid off the couch and came towards him slowly, carefully, his movements underscored with studied grace. John didn’t like it. Least of all because it made Sherlock look like a panther, elegant, leonine, unaffected—the blue silk of his dressing gown fluttering behind him like a cool wave; or like some god that had casually descended to earth to interact with the babbling mortals that fell to pieces in his wake. His features could have been carved from marble they were so impassive. He had clearly showered not long before as his hair was still wet. Even the disarray of his dark curls against his pale forehead looked studied to John, and all the poise and arrogance in his demeanor made John want him more than ever, even as the realization filled him with rage.
Holmes looked stunned.
Mycroft entered the room and I passed William to him.
“That’s how he found out,” I said.
Seb pulled on the chain hard causing Jim to stop talking and just try to get enough oxygen to breath.
John got home from work and hung up his jacket on his coat hook. It had been a long day and he was knackered. All he wanted was a cuppa and to put his feet up.
I looked at Sherlock who had gone an odd color as the dinner had gone on. I realized that he was in the first stages of withdrawal and I couldn’t let him suffer more than he was.
He started to squirm under our touch and his member which had been barely at half-mast came to life. I pinched and rolled his nipples in my fingers bring them to points and Holmes to panting. Mary took her hand and tickled his balls and below making sure not to touch his cock.
I sincerely wished it so.
“Rest boy. You have been a good slave. Now can you let me talk to Sherlock?”
He patted me on the back and said, “Be careful my friend. The Tiger is not to be taken lightly.”
He had been handed over to the Tiger who was given instructions of what to do with him. He had only managed to hear a word or two but those words made him shiver.
“No Master.”
I moved a couple of steps closer and started to stroke my cock. In short order I came all over his face with a lot of my issue going onto his outstretched tongue.
“Listen up,” he said in a tone that informed the men in front of him that they had better do so or face some serious consequences.
(See the end of the chapter for
I rolled my sleeve up and pulled out the dagger. I drew the dagger across my arm. The pain did focus me and gave me that moment of clarity that I so desperately needed.
(See the end of the chapter for
I dressed in the fine robes that Janan had given me and placed the dagger out where anyone could see it. I had my headscarf firmly in place with the lower half drawn across my face. I rode Lucy to the compound where Pason had said Jim was staying.
Moriarty was right. Sebastian and I did share a lot of common traits as submissive masochist so I knew where to go to make sure I had his attention.
I found myself sitting yet again across from Mycroft in the Diogenes Club. I thanked my lucky stars that I was not kneeling as I would not be responsible for my actions.
“You don’t remember?”
He took Sherlock in hand and tossed him into the boot of his car without a word.
The female dressed James stood up and said,” You will forget what you have learned. You will now learn what it truly means to be a slave. Your life is in my hands and I can and will use any means necessary to profit from what I own.”
“Where to start…” said Holmes.
I nodded as my brain seemed to be working again.
“Tell her that I shall and come help me dress,” I said getting up and putting on my dressing gown which Mary had apparently put out for me the night before.
“Rest Dr. Watson,” He said placing his hands on my temples.
I settled myself so I could whisper in his ear and play with his nipples. Mary went back to teasing his cock with her hands and adding licks and nips with her mouth.
He helped me up and said, “Go to him.”
I followed after him to find Mycroft’s ‘wife’ sitting there waiting for us along with his personal body servant.
“Doctor Watson, would you care to join me at dinner with my wife and sons?”
The first escape attempt broke Zaram’s arm. I broke Moran’s leg and then strapped it up in a splint.
Sam tossed two sets of very simple but warm clothing onto the floor in front of us.
“No you jackass! You were suppose to keep as much of me out of it as possible. I don’t need Mr. Bloody Sherlock Holmes identifying me because he saw my ruddy jacket in the shot. Cut it tighter.”
I remember a time shortly after he returned from his presumed demise that he told me to make plans for us to go to the cottage that we have since retired to. I did as ordered.
She walked behind me and ran a finger lightly over my shoulder. I could not suppress the shiver that went through my body.
I went to my offices and did some paperwork waiting for the clock to tick around to when I could leave for the club.
My time back became routine. I went to work. I went home.
OK here it is. The end of the story. Sorry about the break there but I have been dealing with some family health issues and the holidays in general.
He waits anticipating what is to come. Pain? Pleasure? Both?
Here it was. I heard the names I have been searching for. But it was this too easy? I heard what I have wanted to hear. I felt like I was walking into a trap but what other choice did I have.
He grins around the intrusion in his mouth. He removed the dildo with a wet pop and goes back to the pole. He attached the dildo by the base to a clever inset slot and goes to his knees in front it.
“Well?” asked Jim.
“He has to learn how to keep quiet,” replied voice two
I fell back into my bed. She tucked me in and kissed me on the forehead.  As I was falling into the arm of Morpheus I heard her say, “We’ll talk tomorrow my dear. I think I know how you can do this and how I can help you.”
“Did I say speak?”
Sherlock looked at me and I nodded. He crawled over to the chair where Delek sat.
My brother and I had a typical upbringing for children of our social situation. We both proved to be bright and fast learners, which, we believe, drove more than one nanny and tutor to serious drink. I believe the term used was ‘handful’.
Another slap followed. I gasped at the sensation. It hurt. It hurt a lot but within the hurt I found myself getting harder.
I came to hanging in what I assumed was my cell. I was sadly mistaken.
As I ate, she outlined her ideas for readying Holmes for this insane mission he was on. I gave her some ideas of my own and by the end of breakfast we had a plan that just might work. Our only unknown was Holmes’ temperament to the plan itself which could be capricious at times.
“You should be glad that he talked me out of dismissing you more than once.” said the Provost.
I stood up to find myself looking right at Sebastian Moran who snapped his fingers and I was grabbed and hustled out of the room into an anteroom.
Breakfast was waiting for him at his place. He knew the rules and sat down to eat.
She pulled a knife from her sleeve and slashed quickly. She held his ball sack in her hand showing him what she had done.
Moving this one forward.
I went over and put my arms around him. He put his arms around my waist and started to cry.
He grabbed the mask off my face as my arms were bent uncomfortably against my shoulder blades.
They sat in silence all the way back to Baker Street.
Moran stood up and limped over to me. Apparently that broken leg was still bothering him. He untied me and put a knife to my throat.
I had a leisurely meal and used the facilities before donning the straightjacket again.
“You are asking me to give you up to God knows what and that Sherlock is very hard to do. I do not and cannot be responsible for the death of my Master. I went through this once and it almost destroyed me. You are asking me to put you heaven knows where in a situation where I can’t help you except to pray for your safe return. I don’t know if I can do this again. It almost killed me last time.”
His eyes snapped open as he heard a thump as Sherlock’s knees hit the ground and John found his cock in the warm wet of Sherlock’s mouth. It felt so good.
He stood behind the curtain putting his courage to the sticking place. He sighed and stretched again waiting his cue. He hated this part. The waiting. Once he started he could focus but right now he was at loose ends. Why was it taking so long and where was…the voice in his ear spoke to him.
He did not object but went along with the activity until I broke it off.
“Get them ready tomorrow and we will come pick up Sherlock’s new pet,” said John with a grin that made Seb shiver to his bones.
Here is one of the two scenes that were stuck in my head leading to this story.
“Very nice Watson,” he said.
I tried to grab the hand on my crotch only to find myself pinned with Sherlock on top of me rubbing his ass against my member.
Down Sherlock went.
I nodded and said, “Yes, we are. I will always be grateful to everyone here for all that you have done. If there is anything I can do for you, you have only to ask and if it is in my power I will do it.”
He laughed, “You want my best toy for a used up assassin and some opiates that I could buy from another tribe? Try again.”
She slapped me several times across the face. I could feel my teeth rattle at the blows.
We heard a throat being cleared and found that Yama and Delek had joined us in the garden.
I sat back and the slave put me back together then put his master back together.
One by one the slaves were lead away by their new Masters.
I had him mostly settled when the door opened. Holmes immediately came up and between me and the door.
“I was about to send him into the common rooms to gather the coats that need to be packed along with anything else we have there.”
It struck me that one of the reasons my offices were so busy and I was doing so well had to do with the absence of my Master. I have a feeling that Mycroft was working behind the scenes keeping me busy so I would not reflect on what I was missing with all my heart.
The blood flowed from the injury and Simion gave a choking gasp before Moran let go and he fell into a heap.
“However he will be able to do less damage to his person.”
She shook her head harder. I could tell she was terrified.
“According to Alexia it will be in three days time in Verkhoyansk.”
The party was in full swing and I had gotten off to an alcove to catch my breath as I had been dancing with various ladies all evening. I heard two men talking in English, which got my attention immediately.
I stepped back not knowing what to do. There was nothing I could do.
“Thank you Janan,” I said.
I stepped over to her and knelt in front of her. I bowed to her and said, “I am sorry for your loss Lady Forrester. If there is any service I can do…”
He looked at me quizzically and I could tell he was analyzing me trying to figure out what was being said.
I did as I had been ordered.
“Don’t move.”
“Now,” came the command and the first strike of the cane was heard echoing through the room the sound of the harsh gasp from his Tiger following shortly.
“I need to see her.”
I knew which Holmes was in front of me and I grabbed his head and smashed my lips against his.
“Our problem is getting our jailor within striking distance and his shadow out of commission,” said Will, “If we can get our caretaker to send the other man off to get help then we have a chance to get out of here.”
He grabbed the Boy’s leash and took him to a bench and sat him down, “You stay there.”
“I suggest you go now as you will not be allowed this privilege until tomorrow.”
Uncle John’s arrival was a bit unexpected to us. He was much thinner than I thought he would be. His hair was cut military short and he had a neatly trimmed beard. He looked very sad but once he realized I was looking at him, he masked his face well.
I took the hand and shook it with the gravitas to which he had offered it to me. James followed his brother out with their governess.
“But…” started Donnavon.
Seb stood up and smacked Jim’s ass with the crop several times. Using the grunts and groans from the writhing piece of man flesh in front of him to allow him to organize the half thought in his brain.
In his ear he heard almost at the same time, “Got them” and “Found Him”.
I took off my clothing, knelt and put my hands behind my head as instructed.
I noticed that last part of the file was missing. I contacted Mycroft to get the rest of it. He sent back a summery of what the government thought Moran was doing in Afghanistan at the time. There was a list of targets that they suspected that he has shot. Among the names was one that was all too familiar to me and made this even more personal, Lord Barton my first owner but even more startling was my own name Captain John Watson.
John looked at Sherlock and held up his hand. Sherlock took the hand in his and said, “I was so scared I had lost you Sir. It must be my fault. Punish me anyway you must.”
“Open up,” said Sherlock and he forced a ring gag into Toby’s mouth then strapped it very tightly to his face.
John found it strange how attentive the two men were to his every need. They seem to be anticipating what he needed about the time he thought of it.
Then I saw something that gave me hope that Sherlock was somewhere still in that brilliant head or it was one hell of a lucky accident.
“Damn you all! Damn you all to Hell!” he screamed at us right before the drug finally took hold.
Mycroft said, “You made an impression. Thank you Doctor Watson for coming to our home.”
I need some input if you wouldn't mind. I am debating about how to get to the next section and am trying to see if my audience is engaged or not.
Mycroft was invaluable in getting me into Russia and posted to the Tzesarevich Nicholas II’s entourage as an English doctor. He also sent me one of his slaves that spoke most of the various languages both Russia and China who acted as my translator and was totally loyal to Mycroft.
Not dead as they say.
It made me wonder yet again what Moriarty had done to him.
Hope you enjoy it.
I climbing into bed and he put his arms around me and strangely I felt safer than I had in an age.
They both looked at me.
Sherlock lined himself up and entered John. John pushed back and whined.
“Finish up your breakfast John and nice to have you back.” She gave me a rather motherly kiss on the head.
“Ah John, you haven’t been keeping up with your medical journals, there has been some new work in the field.”
I started to feel comfortable in my place with them. It was much like the army in that they treated me as a comrade rather than just a slave. But I knew who I was as did the chief.
“I want you all to understand that this has nothing to do with you. You are here for my pleasure and mine alone. This is neither a reward nor a punishment. It is up to you to determine which it is for you and your behavior will play a part in this.”
We went through our behavior wondering what we had done.
John looked at Sherlock and Jim who didn’t seem pleased that Seb was getting all the attention. John smiled and looked at the photos, “Do we have names for these bumblers?”
“Nothing John. I did not alter your tea at all.”
Sherlock checked the lock on the cage and turned off the lights leaving Toby in total darkness. He could swear he heard a whimper as he left.
“Sorry?” I said feeling very confused by his comment.
I launched into the whole tale of what had happened since I last communicated with him. He asked to see the scar from the dagger. I stood up took off my jacket, waistcoat, and shirt. I explained what Moriarty had done to Holmes glossing over some of the more horrific points and why Moriarty had decided to turn Holmes into a weapon.
She comforted me until the tears stopped and I could compose myself again.
I awoke on my bed with a monk watching me. He smiled and gestured that I should not get up yet. He left the room and shortly Yama came in.
My goal is to entertain and I hope I succeeded.
(See the end of the chapter for
He sighed. Had he put a challenge that his pet could not win? Jimmy was very clever and Sherlock is correct that he had never done this before.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock heard the sound of the electronic latch engaging as they walked.
“Ready Seb?” asked John.
“He was telling me to be careful and that you are not a man to be trifled with. I ask that you release Hamish as you can see he has been badly used and need medical attention.”
“And you miss it?”
We were informed as a group that we were going to be part of the slaves used at the next party that our owners were throwing. We were divided into three groups and were assigned teachers to trains us for our tasks.
“I would prefer to be the one administering the help rather than being seen to. Had you seen that facet before?”
Albert cleared his throat uncomfortably and Lorna blushed.
“Yes. Now another man is going to knock at the door and ask permission to enter. He is a friend and can help you.”
Even after all this time, he can still surprise me.
“No, no, no! You have killed me! Where is my Master? What have you done?”
I heard William mutter, “Tackart, why do I know that name?”
He looked at the three men in front of him and just enjoyed the view of the lovely naked man flesh in front of him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft nodded.
“Well she did a number on your backside,” I said trying to lighten the mood but failing miserably.
Lorna dropped to the floor and picked them up, “This is William’s hair and this is James’ hair. I would know it anywhere.”
He had on formal dress and a large opera cape covering his body. He removed his top hat and I almost gasped but held it in.
“With my life,” I said without hesitation.
It is funny how stories write themselves and then stop.
Hi, first off not dead. I do apologize for the lack of progress.
Mycroft took the package from his assistant and opened it. He pulled the thumb drive out from the envelope. On the drive was written in sharpie “watch me”.  He placed the drive into his secure laptop that had no connection to any form of WiFi, Ether Net, or broadband. This laptop would be trashed after he used it.
He proceeded to clinically explain how he was pulling my fingers out of joint. The pain was incredible. But when he showed how to put them back, I passed out.
I opened the door and first noticed that the furniture was pushed away from the center of the room. The settee was practically at the door leaving only enough room to open the door.
“What has he been doing since I left?” I asked.
“Is that necessary?” I exclaimed, “He is injured and sick of mind.”
The blindfold cut off his sight well enough but he had eye pads taped over his eyes making it impossible to peek. He had been caught peeking and this was the solution to leave him in total darkness.
Sherlock was unsure. He was more unsure than he had ever been in his life.
We worked our way back outside again and then to a door in the private garden that led to the sleeping area of the house.
We exited out of the compound through a secret door in the garden that lead to an alley were Pason and Ali, servant to the Mawab and head of his security, waited for us. I mounted Lucy and Zaram put the body in front of me.
“You know the Irregulars will do all we can. We love John. He saved most of us and we owe him our lives.”
“Ah, Mr. Holmes, we have a table for you,” said the host gesturing to a corner of the place.
Delek said, “Boy, can you hear me?”
“Excuse me?” said Jim.
“Do you know what a Legacy contract is?”
When I asked Moran was he was on about he giggled and said, “That’s what Jim does. Takes lowly caterpillars and turns them into beautiful butterflies.”
He heard a gagging sound from his Pet as the strike had thrust the cock down his throat faster than expected. The Pet adjusted and continued to suckle on it.
“You are still you?”
Holmes crawled over to me and placed his head in my lap. I stroked his hair and managed to get him to eat from my hand.
“John sometimes you are rather thick. I’ll get you your tea but trying and figure it out.”
My Master picked a profession that he excels in but it has its issues and problems.
“This is getting to be a bad habit Dr. Watson,” he said with a grin.
“What does he think that you are doing to me?”
I nodded and knelt in front of the man. I took just the tip into my mouth and used my tongue to taste him. I could feel his cock jump at my touch. Then I slowly fellated him using all the tricks I had been taught. At some point he had snapped his fingers I could feel hands shifting my trousers and removing my rather hard cock from its confinement. I could feel lips upon my cock and I moan letting the sound travel down the chief’s cock. It didn’t take much longer before he came and I came.
John pulled out a syringe and carefully injected Mycroft with the solution.
“Fuck,” said Jim, “so they saw all three of us.”
I know it's set up but I promise it will be worth it in the end.
Yama nodded, “I agree. You are changing him for the better.”
“Well maybe we should go have a conversation with Jim to find out what happened to Sherlock Holmes,” I said.
He nodded and did as I had asked him to do. I got a basin of water and cleaned his hands examining the blisters that had been created and popped while he had been playing. Nothing was too dire but I bandaged them to be careful.
“Do you need to use the loo?”
John and Greg had a good snogging session while Sherlock watched them.
“Shhhh, Dr. Watson, he is not harmed,” said Yama grabbing me before I could get to Delek.
Sherlock picked John up again and carried him to the bedroom dumping his still slightly damp body on their bed.
Sherlock looked at him afraid there had been brain damage. How could it not be his fault.
“See No Evil. Hear No Evil. Speak No Evil,” he said pointed at each man.
Still here. Sorry for the gap. I will probably be updating this more often as the year spins out.
Sherlock looked into John’s eyes and saw only cold anger in them.
He turned his head to find that there had been an audience to all this.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I have shown you the basic mechanics. I know you saw what to do on our wedding night.”
He blew up, “EVERYTHING HAS CHANGED! LOOK AT YOURSELF! LOOK AT WHAT I DID TO YOU WITH MY BARE HANDS AND TELL ME YOU WANT THIS! I COULD HAVE KILLED YOU!”
John smiled, “I found that funny too. Sherlock had been hovering a lot since I got back. I wish I could get him to think about something or someone else for a while.”
“Come on,” said John tugging on the leash. They went back to the elevator and to the yard in the back.
“Alive,” he finally said and started to help me to walk out of the room I was in.
Sherlock nodded and looked lost because Toby was where he usually resided when they were home.
As always commentary and kudos are fuel for my muse.
“Only one way to find out,” I stood up and stepped onto a footpath to the village.
“It isn’t like I haven’t seen you naked before,” I said.
Sherlock nodded.
The young man advanced on me with the bloody knife in his hand, “Now we just need to make it look like Johan lost it and killed father. We get everything. Hold him.”
I choked on the wine I had been drinking.
I hissed in surprise.
Both boys stared at me for what seemed an eternity and then looked at each other and nodded. William said something to James I did not understand but James hopped off his chair ran to me and gave me a full body hug. I was caught by surprise but found myself returning it and for a moment I got to hold my son again.  William joined his brother in hugging me.
He reached in and fondled my balls. He tickled them with his fingernails and stroked them with those long talented fingers.
“Please Master, I have been good. Please make the pain stop. I’ve been good. Punish me. Please punish me. Punish me but make the pain in my head stop.”
“Yes, Sir.”
“You are going to wear his heart out as strong as it is. You could kill him.”
“Why did you tell me?”
“Well that’s two more off the bingo card,” said John.
He rang a bell and said, “Have Lucus bring Shirley to me and make sure she is dressed in her best. She has company to entertain.”
Mary never made it to India.
John shifted testing his bonds. They were secure.
The beating stopped and I found myself being gathered up in my Master’s arms.
John got in the car after Sherlock got his pet settled.
Some stitches had been jarred at some point in my being ‘protected’ by Holmes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That would have made this easy,” I said.
“Ah good,” said the man in English. If he were not dressed in brown and yellow robes and his skin was much lighter, I might have thought myself back in Oxford or Cambridge.
“It’s not a good one,” said Seb.
“I think a storage room god knows where. I need you to focus and untie my hands,” I plopped next to him and extended my wrists.
(See the end of the chapter for
I shrugged the best I could and worked on trying to free myself from the ropes. I almost had it done when we arrived but it was fore naught as we were manhandled back into a sidedoor and into our ‘cell’.
He looked so puzzled and lost.
“Oh you have no idea,” said John.
We never made it to the door as we were stopped by a constable.
William put his finger in his mouth and then pulled it out. He raised the finger into the air and thought for a bit.
This chapter has been worked on since I posted the other one and until today did I feel comfortable putting it out there.
“Why? Why does it have to be you? I can think of half a dozen people it could be that aren’t you.”
“They would….they would….” I could see the seizure starting as his body convulsed. Delek quickly picked up Sherlock and said something in his ear and Sherlock relaxed.
I went back to the changing room and put on my clothes then went home and fell into the best sleep I had in weeks and would have for some time.
“Then tell him that and let him express his wishes of what he wants to do rather than what he thinks you want him to say.”
“One Sir” he sighed.
“How long?” he asked.
“Oh don’t be obtuse, you are more than fine with this,” came Sherlock’s voice, “in fact this is what you were born for.”
Sherlock guided John onto Greg’s dick and helped him sink down on it. Greg tried to thrust but found himself being held down by both John and Sherlock.
Sherlock went and got some bottles of water and a couple of damp flannels and clean towel.
We were there long enough that I was stifling yawns.
“My god Sherlock do you know what you have done?”
“That’s it Mary,” said Lord Willingham, “I can see the crown of the head. Now push for all that you are worth.”
Hope you enjoy. The boys were being a bit of a pain as to how they escaped.
Toby awoke to find John sitting in front of his cage. The light was on behind John so Toby could not see his face.
“It was obvious if you looked at the whole picture…” started William.
“Shut it. I really don’t have time for you right now.”
“What if, rather than torturing them and killing them, you make them part of our gang.”
Sherlock looked up at the man who was desperately trying to look like a tough guy and it was obvious that he was anything but.
As you know Watson, I had become the demonstration slave for Moriarty. If they were going to have someone show how to do a technique, I was their first choice for this duty.
Toby shuttered remember that feeling of hopelessness and that he was going to die.
I awoke in total darkness. I tried to sit up but found that I was strapped to the narrow bed I was on. Panic started to set in. I had been captured and sent to G-d knows where and who.
“And they are leaving you messages here,” she said, “That’s a bit not good.”
Summer followed spring and we found ourselves again talking about going home.
“I didn’t think I could…perform for the fairer sex,” he said.
“You have expressed the desire to be slaves. You have all trained for this task and have been deemed worthy by your trainers to be what you want to be.”
I nodded. Had I done him harm keeping him on the drugs while we fled?
The next morning I sent the mules with Moriarty’s drugs to the compound he was in with a note again offering for a trade Moran for Sherlock.
“I don’t think this is physical Dr. Watson. His eyes react to light the way they should. His brain is just not receiving the information.”
Sherlock pulled out two collars from his pocket and put one around Greg’s neck and the other around John’s. He efficiently maneuvered into the bedroom and quickly attached the restrains before John could protest. Not that John looked like he could protest much. His backside was dripping sweet slick and he was humping the bed or trying to. Sherlock ran his finger through the slick and tasted it. His eyes glowed ruby red for a moment and then he seemed to come back to himself.
He decided to test how empathetic his captors were.
“John and I have an agreement that you both well know the details of. This skirts that agreement.”
“What aren’t you telling me?”
My shirt and trousers were given a through going over before being returned to me.
I got up and walked to the hot room. Holmes followed. We didn’t say much at that point. I tried to find a way to express what the anger I was feeling. He had asked me to do this. He had given me this task. If he would not let me take the lead in this, what was the point.
“What about your pet?” asked John.
John came to in the dark. He first felt the mask over his face then that his hands were zip tied across his chest.
“We need to talk,” I said.
Toby shivered and drooled a bit waiting for what was going to happen next. He looked down under the structure he was attached to and would have screamed if his vocal cords were working. He could see what seemed to be blood flecks around the large drain that was below him.
The cleaning crew was not happy with what they found that night in both rooms and let it be known loudly.
He said in that voice that hurt my heart, “It is unseemly for a woman to…”
“Sorry?”
William looked up and pointed, “Well that’s North or northish. So the direction we came from was West. So North or South?”
He nodded and said, “The topic is closed until tomorrow.”
“No, no, no,” he tried to pull away but I held onto him, “Not clever. Never clever. Clever is pain and want. I am to be punished if I try to be clever.”
“Two Sir,” he said.
My mind was in that dangerous place that I knew too well. I had to do something to release the tension building within me.
He could hear two men talking in the next room.
“I was thinking of when you took me under your wing and taught me so many lovely ways to get people to worship you as you beat the snot out of them.”
She picked up a glass of water and took a long sip and then put it to my lips. I kept my mouth shut tightly.
Sherlock took John’s cock into his mouth and started to suck and lick it. John had to give him credit for his abilities and he knew that he wasn’t going to last long if Sherlock kept that up. He tried bucking his hips to throw Sherlock off but it only drove him further into Sherlock’s mouth and throat. The noises coming from Sherlock were pornographic quality and John found himself releasing into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock licked him clean.
We finished our food, did our business in the chamber pot, and then settled on the straw mattress curled up with each other for warmth and comfort as we had been doing, according to my father, from practically the day we were born.
“Is this the last of that Sherlock?”
He took his other hand and unbuttoned me so he could have better access.
I hadn’t found my voice back from the hoarse scream I had just let out so I nodded vigorously.
“That’s enough time for you to do what you need to do.” Sherlock stood John up then bend him over at the waist. He wiped John’s butt and then stood him up again.
“Did you know that Sherlock deeded your contract to me?”
I had a name to start my search for Sherlock. Mycroft started working his magic with his spy network. Finally we had a rumor that might be more than just a whisper on the wind. They had been spotted in Russia.
Eventually I felt him unbutton my trousers and then put his hand back where he has it before.
Mycroft cock twitched and he serious thought about cutting it off.
“Very well, he can keep his shirt and trousers but not his coat, shoes and socks. You may both keep your undergarments after we have a look at them,” said our captor.
And then it hit him. Sherlock was right about all of it. The implications alone were massive.
I noticed that he was cataloguing the scars on my frame as well. I felt embarrassed. I hadn’t been eating. The scar on my chest where he had stabbed me was an ugly reminder of what had happened to us.
As I fell asleep I heard him say, “I will come back to you John. You are the reason I will return. My beautiful John.”
Holmes grabbed my neck harder and said,” Come any closer and I will snap his neck.”
Lestrade could smell the trouble coming before it came bursting through his door. That sweet yet sour odor which both made his cock hard and his stomach upset. It was that of a bonded Omega in heat. What the every loving an Omega in heat was doing outside their nest was beyond him.
