Sherlock stood and took John's hand, leading him back down the hall and to his bedroom. He went to his closet and returned a couple minutes later with four different coloured scarves. He handed them to John and smiled, standing and waiting for him to tell him what to do next.
When they were up in Sherlock's room, John looked up at Sherlock guiltily. "I owe you a few more apologies," he said softly. "I'm sorry for being such an idiot before we met. I don't even know why I said those things, I didn't really mean them. And they almost wound up making us lose the case." He hung his head again. Out of everything he had said, he hated that Sherlock had to hear what a jerk he had been just because he was trying to make friends.
Sherlock shook his head, "no... John said... He cares about me, he... He's falling in love with me." Sebastian let out a loud laugh, "You hear that boys? Freak here actually thinks John cares about him!" The other players started laughing loudly along with Sebastian.
"Is that all he said?" Ms. Rodin asked. Sherlock bit his lip and hesitated, but shook his head. "When I told him that I wasn't going to stop dating John, he said... that we'd have to do this 'the hard way'."
The judge dismissed court and they took Sebastian away again. Soon it was just Ms. Rodin, John, Sherlock and both the boys parents in the room. Sherlock had fallen out of the chair and onto the floor of the witness box, shaking and sobbing. Helen put a hand on John's back, "he needs you, John... Go to him," she said.
John didn't like the look in Sherlock's eyes. He'd never seen him like that before. "I don't know..." He leaned in gently pressing his lips to the other boy's as a test. "Sherlock?" he asked softly. "Can you hear me? It's John."
Mycroft looked John up and down, "you have not fully proven yourself to me yet, John Watson. I will be keeping a very close eye on you both. Do not underestimate me, I have ways of knowing even the most minuscule details. With that said..." he held out his hand for John to shake, "welcome to the Holmes family."
John leaned his head over and hummed as Sherlock washed him. "I know. Your health comes first, I wouldn't want you to push it. It's just a little lonely." He grabbed the shampoo, turning around so that he was facing Sherlock and started lathering his hair.
Mr. Holmes shook his head, "they haven't told us anything yet." Just then, a doctor came out into the waiting room. "Mr. Holmes?" he said. "Yes, that's me," Sherlock's father stepped forward. "Come with me please." Mr. Holmes looked back at the group of people in the room before following the doctor out.
John could tell as soon as he saw Sherlock's eyes that he was trapped in some fantasy of his sleeping mind. But he hadn't expected him to shut down as he had that first day they were together. He set the flowers down and ran over to Sherlock, immediately bringing his mouth close to his boyfriend's ear. "Love, it's me. It's John. I'm right here with you." He wrapped his arms around Sherlock, rubbing his back to try to soothe him.
Sherlock smiled, glad that John wasn't seeing anyone at the moment. He'd like to think that increased his chances of maybe dating John himself, but he didn't know for certain that he felt that way about boys. "Well, I'm sure you wouldn't have any trouble at all finding someone. You're very handsome, kind and smart," he said and couldn't resist reaching out to brush John's hair away from his forehead before he realized what he was doing and blushed, jerking his hand away. "Sorry..." he murmured.
John had expected a little more of a reaction than he had gotten from Sherlock, and he thought maybe he was doing something that he didn't like. Sherlock seemed to have liked this before, but John stopped. Maybe it was hurting him and he didn't realise. Looking up at the other boy, he tilted his head in question. "Did I do something wrong?" he asked, letting himself drop over to the side next to Sherlock.
"Now..." Helen said and put her briefcase on the table before taking a seat herself, "I understand that only you will be testifying, John. As much as I wish that you both were..." She glanced over at Siger who gave her a stern look, "I have been informed not to push things."
"Yeah, right," John scoffed. "Do you know how many hours I used to play that game at the arcade? You never stood a chance." He smirked up at his fiance and his gaze turned darker. "And that means tonight, you'll be at my mercy."
John shook his head. "I want to go. I just..." He sighed, closing his eyes again. "I hate watching people when they're drunk. They remind me of her, and it scares me and makes me miss her at the same time. And it makes me angry because they have no idea how stupid they're being."
John looked down at Sherlock with curiosity. "Yeah, anything I guess. What do you have in mind?" He arched a little into the touch of Sherlock's figers. He wasn't sure if he was going to want to get up tomorrow, he was so warm and comfortable.
! Fuck, yes!" He started moving faster, coming down as hard as he could. "So...so good...so close..."
Sherlock turned his fiancé towards him and leaned down to peck him on the lips. "So..." he wrapped his arms around the shorter boy and pulled him close, "what should we do while we wait?"
Sherlock hissed in pleasure as John's nails dug into his skin. He gripped tighter to his lover's hips in response and started moaning steadily as John kept slamming himself down onto his cock.
"Let me guess. That Moran bastard attacked you because of your relationship with Sherlock?" Mr. Watson said before he could say anything.
Sherlock snickered against John's skin, his body shaking with silent laughs. "God... that could have been so much worse," he said and pulled away, still laughing.
"Any particular reason?" he asked, his tone showing that he already knew.
"Sherlock...I'm not a virgin, but I don't know anything about having sex with a boy," he said quietly, face flushed. "Can we...work up to the real thing?" John hoped that Sherlock wouldn't be hurt by this. He did want to do something with him, but he felt like they should wait on full sex for the time being.
John slipped his finger back under him, swirling it around Sherlock's entrance and then pushing in. He thrust his finger in time with the bobbing of his head.
John brought his hand up over Sherlock's. "I love you, too. I love you, so much." He leaned down to kiss him, being careful around his various hook ups. When he pulled away, he was still crying just a little, forehead pressed to Sherlock's. "I thought that...I'm just so happy you're all right."
John hummed softly, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's waist. "Much as I would love to darling, my father will get suspicious if I start spending every night at your house. But here." He opened the compartment on his bike and grabbed a scrap of paper and a pen. He scribbled down his phone number and handed it to Sherlock. "You can text me all night if you like," he said with a wink.
Sherlock smiled into the kiss and cupped his fiance's cheek, "I care for you more than anyone, John. And I will
John closed his eyes. He couldn't help it, the tears formed immediately as he remembered
John laughed a little, but the question actually hit home. If he wanted to be completely honest with himself, Sherlock might very well be dead without him. Shaking his head, John smiled and offered his arm out to Sherlock. "Shall we, darling?"
John shivered a little, pressing back further into Sherlock. "God, Sherlock. You drive me crazy sometimes." He flipped himself over so he was straddling Sherlock's hips. "And I absolutely love it."
John gasped at the feeling of Sherlock coming inside of him, filling him with the hot result of their love-making. That was certainly a new sensation, and he whimpered softly as he collapsed backward. "God, Sherlock..."
Sherlock chuckled, "yes, we do. I plan on tutoring you to help your grades so you have a better chance of getting into Uni. Besides, I get to go back with you today, remember?" He kissed John on the forehead and jumped out of bed. Then he grabbed the bottom of the comforter that was covering him and yanked it off. "Get up!"
, that I need to do to keep you safe."
"I know, Da," John sighed. "It'll be better to let the guys in prison take care of him," he added in a mutter.
Sherlock chuckled softly, but stayed still as John returned the attention. "Now who's the sap?" He let his fiancé kiss every inch of his face and slid his hand down John's side. He touched every inch and slid around to his back, wanting to touch every part of his lover's body.
"If I knew he had threatened you I wouldn't have left you alone." John dropped his hand and took one of Sherlock's again. He still felt like it was his fault, though. Even though he hadn't known, he should have had better foresight.
John had fallen asleep again only after Sherlock did. When he woke next it was to the feeling of Sherlock's kisses. He hummed happily and opened his eyes. "Morning," he mumbled. "Mmm, keep doing that and we'll never make it to school."
Sherlock sighed and rested his cheek on the top of John's head. As the song drew to a close he pulled away and placed a kiss on his fiance's temple. He drew back further and looked down into his eyes, "I love you so much," he said softly. Sherlock gave him a quick kiss on the lips before stepping away and grabbing the other boy's hand. "Come with me, I want to show you something," he said and smiled.
Sherlock took the offered hand and smirked, pulling John's naked body flush against his own. "Mmm, that just means we get to be closer," he said with a wink.
Sherlock cupped John's cheek, "You do enough by just loving me. It amazes me how much you love me. That you would even spend your time with someone as damaged as me." He smiled lovingly at his fiancé as tears reached his eyes.
"I'm sorry, Da. I was with my, uh, friend. There was an emergency and I stayed with him."
Sherlock looked up at his lover and started sucking harder. He brought a hand up to grab one of his arse cheeks and squeezed it, hoping the added stimulation would bring him that much closer to release.
John looked to his father whose eyes were wide. "Sherlock... I don't know what to say..." He took the envelope reverently, opening it to find a wad of bills and the letter, which he opened to read. "Amazing... Thank you." He took Sherlock's hand and shook it vigorously.
He pushed his way through the crowd, feeling one person try and grab his arse. He turned and frowned at the girl in question who was nursing some sort of fruity drink and she smiled at him seductively. "Some moves you got there, love... Care to dance with me?"
Sherlock felt his heart breaking again when he came outside and found John. He immediately walked up to him and wrapped his arms around him, pressing a kiss to his temple before resting his cheek on the top of his head. "I'm so sorry, love... I'm sure he'll come around," he said and rubbed the shorter boy's back soothingly.
Sherlock placed soft kisses on the side of his lover's face as he collected himself. He leaned close to whisper "I love you" over and over in John's ear, never feeling closer to him than in this moment.
"It's good to have you, son. I don't think you've been here on good terms yet, so welcome." Mr. Watson smiled and served the three of them before sitting down and starting to eat. "So, you just went back to school for the first time yesterday, right Sherlock? How was that?"
John's face went instantly red and he bowed his head a little to hide the blush before his father noticed. It was bad enough that just Sherlock whispering had made him look over with an eyebrow raised. But he said nothing about it. "So I assume you're staying tonight, Sherlock?"
Mr. Tabling was a larger man with short, black hair. He was young and had an almost angry look about him. "John Watson..." he said, approaching the witness stand, "you were friends with Sebastian when you first started going to school here, were you not?"
Sherlock grinned, "I love you so much. You've turned my world around, quite completely. Thank you... for loving me, for giving me a chance. I will never be able to tell you enough how grateful I am for you."
John turned around to see his father and Ms. Rodin and smiled softly. "That's the first time he's ever purposely talked to a woman like that since Mum," he said. "It'd be really nice if that worked out." He leaned his head against Sherlock's chest, ear over his heartbeat, his favourite sound.
Sherlock pulled away and looked John deep in the eyes, "yes, I'm sure. You saved my life, you love me even after all the weird quirks you've found out about me, you know what you want and you stand up for who you love. You're amazing, John... and to call you anything less than brilliant would in itself be idiotic." He smiled at the other boy and reached up to cup his cheek, "I love you more than anything, and I always will. No matter what."
"It's alright now," John said, Sherlock's words ripping his heart to shreds. He couldn't stop the steady stream of tears rolling down his cheeks. "No one can ever make you do that again. No one will ever hurt you again. I've got you." He smoothed his hand over Sherlock's back, kissed into his hair, and kept talking to him gently. If after this anyone dared to let that monster free, John wouldn't be accountable for his actions.
John nodded. "That's right. Nice to meet you," he said. He couldn't help but notice the small amount of contact between them as they walked, but he didn't mind. At least the boy, Sherlock, seemed comfortable enough not to walk at a distance from him. They made it to the bathroom and John led Sherlock over to the basin, turning on the water so that it would warm up a little. He got some paper towels and wet them, reaching up to clean the blood from Sherlock's face. His skin was so pale it made the crimson stand out that much more, and John shivered a little, feeling a strange sense of de ja vu. Shaking his head, he asked Sherlock, "What did you do to get them so riled up?"
John whimpered and obeyed, smoothing his thumb over his slit as his hand came up. He let his eyes fall shut, breathing out shakily. "Fuck,
Sherlock smiled back at him and hugged him close. "It's not my parents you have to worry about," he said and looked apologetically at John. "I'm not quite sure how I feel subjecting you to Mycroft just yet, though..."
The usher nodded and then took his seat. Ms. Rodin approached the witness stand and smiled reassuringly before beginning her questioning. "John, why don't you start from the beginning. When did you and Sherlock first meet?"
Hours later, Sherlock woke, a dull ache throbbing through his body. He groaned and let his eyes flutter open. The first thing he saw was John's face and although his eyes were closed, Sherlock smiled. He was beyond happy knowing that his boyfriend was okay. He gave John's hand a light squeeze and sighed happily.
Mary's eyes widened a bit, "okay... Let me ask around, maybe someone's seen him. Be right back," she said and ran off to start questioning the guests.
John returned the embrace immediately, holding Sherlock close. "You don't have to keep thanking me, love," he said softly, pressing a kiss to the underside of his jaw. "It's what I'm here for." Though he didn't know exactly what Sherlock was thanking him for, he had a feeling.
Sherlock nodded, "I hope you're right," he murmured and kissed John again. He really hoped he didn't have to testify, but he knew that if that's what it came to, he would do it. Right now, getting Sebastian behind bars was the one thing that would keep them both safe. "The trial is in two weeks, dad said the lawyer would be coming over one afternoon after school to do a mock trial with us... prepare us for the questions they might ask."
love anyone as much as I love you."
Sherlock gasped loudly as John's lips pressed to his again and he instinctively reached out, wrapping his arms tightly around John's torso and sobbing loudly. He couldn't lose John, not now, not ever. He had become the most important person in his life and he knew that if he were ripped away from him that he wouldn't be able to survive. He continued to cling to his boyfriend like a man drowning and started to shake with the intensity of the sobs wracking his body.
John followed behind Sherlock, wondering all the while where they might be going. He kept a tight hold of Sherlock's hand, and he thought he could see something in the distance, but then Sherlock stopped and turned to him. John looked up into his eyes and without hesitation he said, "I do." In fact, he might just trust Sherlock with his life.
Sherlock smiled and sat back down, eating as much as he could. He reached under the table and grabbed John's free hand, squeezing it and looking over at him with a grin.
," he begged, voice barely above a whisper.
John grinned brightly and squeezed Sherlock. "Now we just have to tell your parents," he said with a laugh. "But that went so well, I'm hardly worried anymore."
John watched as everything he could see faded away. He followed the sound of Sherlock's voice back to reality, eyes opening and Sherlock's form appearing in his vision. John's arms immediately encircled him and he tried to shake the nightmare from his mind.
John fell asleep as well, the presence of his lover warding off all bad dreams.
most handsome, adorable, sweet and..." he slid his hand up John's thigh, "the most
John followed Sherlock out of the limo and into the castle, the same castle where Sherlock's eighteenth birthday was held. Many of the guests had already arrived and greeted them with hugs and handshakes, all with wishes of congratulations.
"Morning," John said, grinning and lifting his head to kiss Sherlock tenderly on the lips. He then went right back to where he was before, working his way to Sherlock's collarbone. "Are we going to Mary's party tonight?" he asked against his lover's skin.
... That my heart stopped." Sherlock frowned and closed his eyes tightly, taking a calming breath before opening them again. "It's a miracle I'm alive right now... here with you. And I'm so glad."
Sherlock chuckled and sprawled out next to John, "yes, it is quite nice, isn't it? You can spend the night... that is, if you want to... I'm not... pushing you or anything," he ended up mumbling half the sentence, suddenly shy again and a blush finding its way across his cheeks. He turned on his side, propping his head up on his hand and smiled down at John nervously.
John just caught Moran leaving as he was coming back and rushed over to the table. "What happened? Did he try to hurt you?" he asked, concerned. He wished he could have been there in the moment to tell him to back off, but Sherlock seemed unscathed.
"God, you're so sexy," Sherlock breathed and pulled off John's jumper, swiftly undoing the buttons on his shirt and pushing it aside, not even bothering to take it completely off before he attacked his torso with his mouth.
John looked up at him through his lashes. "I suppose I could. Just because you're being good." He sat up and pulled his jumper up over his head. Then he went right back to work, bending to take Sherlock's nipple into his mouth and suck.
Mycroft hummed and nodded, "let's see now... Since you've met Sherlock he's been beaten up, shot at and almost died..." He looked at John with a raised eyebrow, a frown on his face. "However... I have to say he has never seemed happier."
Sherlock started to chuckle, but it turned into a grunt as John locked lips with him. He immediately wrapped his arms around the shorter boy, one of his hands in his fiance's hair and the other resting at the small of his back.
Sherlock sighed, "my bed actually feels a lot colder without you here... this really sucks," he murmured.
John pulled up and looked at Sherlock, seeing that he was struggling. "Is it too much?" he asked softly. He didn't want to keep Sherlock like this if he wasn't enjoying it.
John let out a soft groan and moved his hands possessively up and down Sherlock's sides. He moved his lips to the newly exposed parts of Sherlock's neck, kissing and nipping in a line down the pale column of skin.
Sherlock looked up at Mr. Watson again, searching his face and nodded once before walking out the door to go join John.
John ruffled Sherlock's hair with a grin. "Aw, my sensitive Sherlock," he said through a laugh. As Mrs. Holmes left, he grinned up at her. "I really love your mum," he said to Sherlock when she was gone. "She's so sweet."
Sherlock raised his head and kissed the other boy gently on the lips. "Thank you," he whispered and hugged him.
John quirked an eyebrow at Mycroft, wondering what he meant by 'out of the way', but he supposed that it didn't matter. It was for the better.
John smirked a bit at the shiver sent down his spine from Sherlock's words. "Remember what happened last time. We won't have a limo to run to for a quickie." He rested a hand on Sherlock's thigh, just a short distance from his crotch.
Sherlock sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. He really didn't like his birthday. All it consisted of was smiling at fake people who gave fake wishes and presents that he usually just ended up throwing away. Mycroft was right though, there was no way he could convince his parents to cancel on such a milestone birthday. "Fine... Thank you, Mycroft... Now go!" Sherlock could hear the smile in his brother's voice as he replied, "Good night, dear brother!"
Both boys were happy when it was all over and Sherlock begged for John to be able to spend the weekend at his house again. John's father was happy to let him, he and Ms. Rodin having made plans for dinner the next evening.
John leaned back into Sherlock as much as he safely could, glad for the comfort. They finally made it to the flat and John parked the bike outside and climbed off. He helped Sherlock off and kept hold of his hand as they walked up the steps to the door. His father should be home today, his one day off. John unlocked the door and walked in. "Da?"
Mr. Watson stepped forward to put a hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "Sebastian Moran hurt my son because of your relationship, but not because of you. As long as you didn't sick that boy on John, I don't see you at fault."
On the ride home, Sherlock came up with an idea of how to get John's mind off of the situation with his father. When they arrived to the house he sent John up to his room and convinced his parents to postpone the dinner to another night. He grabbed some candles and a lighter and headed up to his bedroom to join John.
John cried out as Sherlock had the perfect angle to hit his sweet spot, and he gripped his lover's shoulders, nails surely leaving marks. Each movement was driving him closer and closer to the edge, pleasure coursing fast through him. "More, Sherlock. Harder!" he managed around a moan.
Sherlock smiled sadly, "I know, love... But we're okay now." He leaned up as far as he could to capture John's lips again in a sweet kiss. After a few moments, a thought crossed his mind: "Did they catch him?"
Sherlock shivered at his lover's tone, "that sounds...
John blew on his lover's cock, watching as it twitched. "I'm glad you're enjoying this. Because I'm nowhere near done yet." He climbed up on top of Sherlock, straddling him again. He bent to Sherlock's chest, licking over one of his nipples.
John looked up at him in surprise. He didn't think that Sherlock would pick now to unveil the fact that they were engaged. But then he smiled and nodded. "Sure. Would you like to do the honours?"
John smiled and kissed him again. "Morning." He looked over to his clock on the table and pouted when he saw that they needed to get up.
"Mmm... I just my have to take you up on that," Sherlock said and smiled. He ran his fingers softly over John's lower back and pulled him a little closer. "Do you need any of your pain medication? I can get some for you..." he said and kissed his boyfriend's forehead.
Sherlock took a few minutes to calm down but when he finally did he pulled back enough to rest his forehead against John's, "sorry..." he murmured, "bad dream." He smiled weakly and reached up to wipe the remaining moisture from his eyes.
Sherlock groaned softly and bit his lip. "I swear if you keep talking like that I will never miss another meal again," he murmured. Grabbing onto John's hips, he leaned in to connect their lips again and started rocking into him with a moan.
"Ohhh..." John moaned and pushed his hips onto that long finger of Sherlock's. His lover's words only added to the ache between his legs and the desperation for more. "Yes...Yes I love it. I feel so full with you inside me. You own me, Sherlock. Please, please fuck me..."
much better. He pushed his hips back, bending over and grabbing onto the rail in the shower, his knuckles turning white with how hard he was gripping.
John follow Sherlock and Ms. Rodin into the room, keeping a tight hold on the former's hand. It looked like the whole town had come out to see the trial. A lot of the kids from school were there, including the entire expelled rugby team who gave the pair dirty looks. John leaned in close to whisper to Sherlock as they waited for another chair.
Sherlock frowned, "hurry back with him, Myc... I need my nurse," he joked and winked at John.
I want more..." Sherlock groaned and in a few seconds he was straddling his lover's hips and guiding John's cock to his entrance. He didn't bother with preparing himself and just sat down completely, crying out as he was penetrated.
John kept his movements up, heat coiling in his stomach. "Ah...ah, God...oh,
As his lover pushed in, Sherlock threw his head back and groaned. Once he was able to open his eyes, he tilted his head forward and looked up into John's eyes. He lifted a hand to his cheek and smiled. "I love you so much, John," he murmured softly and pulled him down for a slow, loving kiss.
John felt shivers going down his spine as Sherlock pressed against his back and he flushed at the deep voice in his ear. Swallowing, he looked back at Sherlock and let his lips twitch up a little. "Hang on," he said and started the bike. He turned out of the car park, onto the street, and zoomed through the normal traffic as fast as he felt was safe. Which for John Watson was pretty fast.
Holmes'?" she said and gasped. "I'm terribly sorry sir, right this way." She led them back to John's room immediately.
John's face broke into a broad smile and he launched a hug at his father. "Thank you, thank you!"
John smiled as he kissed Sherlock back, more than happy to oblige his request. He slicked his fingers as they kissed, not even needing to look as he reached between his husband's legs and teased his entrance open. He pushed one finger in, groaning in anticipation as he felt how tight Sherlock was.
Sherlock hummed and pressed his tongue more firmly against the puckered muscle. He slid his tongue across it a couple more times before stiffening his tongue and poking just the tip inside.
John made a muffled sound as Sherlock suddenly threw himself into the kiss, but he gladly kissed him back. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck, holding him in place and parting his lips to lock with the other boy's. It was different from kissing a girl, more firm and a bit scratchy because Sherlock had some stubble, but really, he couldn't care less. It was wonderful.
John was awake in an instant and turned around, pushing Sherlock behind him. "Get. Out," he spat at Sebastian. "You don't have your little posse to gang up on me this time. I
Sherlock kissed John back with fervor and groaned in frustration when he pulled away. The ride to his house was torture, the vibrations of the motor doing nothing to help Sherlock's... condition.
John didn't know if he wanted to. At least not at the moment. "I
Sherlock bit his lip and blushed as well, because whn John mentioned them falling in love, a lot of people in the court "aww'ed". Even the judge smiled at what John said. When he got to the part where Mary lured him away, Sherlock clasped his hands together nervously.
"Yes..."
Sherlock sighed, "we'll have to manage somehow," he murmured. The first bell rang and Sherlock reluctantly pulled away, but grabbed onto John's hand. He walked him to class and kissed him on the cheek again before heading off to his own.
Senior District Judge would be hearing their case.
John whined softly as Sherlock pushed him back but he knew that the other boy was right. Even though he wouldn't feel right about doing anything so early, in the moment he could easily forget his morals and go all the way. But when Sherlock spoke, he started to get himself under control with a soft groan. "God, Sherlock...You are incredible."
John happily returned the kiss, murmuring, "I love you, too." against his lover's lips. He didn't even notice as Hamish looked back at Ms. Rodin, the faintest pink dusting his cheeks.
Sherlock moaned into the kiss and started rocking his hips. He pulled away with a gasp and breathed heavily against his fiancé's mouth. "If I knew no one would walk in on us... I would take you right here on the sofa," he murmured huskily.
Sherlock looked up and smiled at the sound of his name. He stood and waited for John to get closer. "Hey," he said softly, grinning and stood with his hands by his side, fidgeting awkwardly. He wasn't sure what to do, not knowing what kind of greeting John would be comfortable with in public.
John could feel everything in Sherlock's lips, as if he were saying in to him out loud. He kissed him back, trying to show that it was all reciprocated. It wasn't a surprise that John was getting hard with all this attention. And how could he not anyway, when the most gorgeous boy and his only love was even just in bed with him. So he was glad when Sherlock moved his hand down to touch him, and he moaned softly at the strokes.
Sherlock closed his eyes and heaved in lungfuls of air. When he got enough energy back, he wrapped his arms around his lover and turned his head to kiss his temple. "You are so amazing... so good to me," he murmured.
John blinked at Sherlock in surprise when he suddenly pulled away and curled up in the corner of the bed. "Sherlock?" he said quietly, crawling across the bed towards him. "Hey, Sherlock..." John could hear him muttering apologies. Did he think that John was upset? The blonde ran his hand through Sherlock's hair, trying to show him that he wasn't mad or whatever he thought, and he dropped a kiss into his hair. "Come on, Sherlock...what happened?" he asked with his face pressed in dark curls.
Sherlock made sure to kiss each and every injury before moving back up to John's lips and kissing him deeply, pouring out his heart and soul into it. As he kissed him, he started to undo John's trousers and slipped his hand into his pants, grabbing hold of his erection and pumping it slowly.
Sherlock didn't have any classes together with John until the afternoon, so he walked him to his first class and gave him a kiss on the cheek before going to his own.
"Don't worry, I'll be right next to you the whole time." John gripped the pillow, wishing that it was Sherlock's hand. "Besides, I'm sure that whatever I say will be enough. Three attacks in two weeks certainly should be enough to put him away without having to bring up your past."
Sherlock's breath hitched at his fiance's words. He moaned as he started to stroke himself harder. "
John let his head fall back, a low moan escaping him. "Yes, I do...I love it..." He whined a little at Sherlock's instructions, wanting to go harder, but he listened, stroking from base to tip and keeping a steady pace.
John blushed lightly, kissing Sherlock back and wrapping his arms around the other boy's waist. He loved waking up like this, with Sherlock being the first thing he saw, being able to kiss him good morning.
John was still partially inside of Sherlock as they slid down the opposite wall and he wrapped his arms around the other boy. He was still breathing heavily but managed a few kisses to the side of his fiancé's face. "Yes," he said softly. "I love you, so much." He held Sherlock close, relishing in their post-orgasm bliss.
John listened silently to Sherlock's story and at the end he still said nothing. Then finally, he grabbed Sherlock's face in both hands and kissed him hard for a solid minute. When he pulled away, he also had tears in his eyes, but he looked directly at Sherlock, forcing him to keep eye contact.
John couldn't hold back anymore as he heard Sherlock coming. He tossed his head back and climaxed, his release mixing with Sherlock's and swirling between them. He slumped forward into his lover, closing his eyes. "Damn...You are amazing..."
Helen looked back at Siger, who nodded for her to continue. She turned back to John, "Okay... Now we need to talk about the shooting. Start from the beginning. What were you doing before it happened?" Sherlock grabbed John's hand with both of his and smiled reassuringly at him.
Outside of the nightmare, John was fidgeting and whimpering in his sleep, mumbling incoherently as his dream self struggled to get back to Sherlock.
Sherlock's father walked in and put his hand on John's shoulder, looking down at his son. "You should go get some rest, John. You haven't slept at all since you've arrived here."
John turned to Mycroft at those words, eyes wide and heart pounding. He looked back to Sherlock, the amazing boy that had just happened to come into his life through a bit of good timing and swallowed a lump in his throat. He couldn't deny it. He loved him already.
Sherlock stepped out of the shower and grabbed the other towel from the rack. "Are you going home after school today?" He asked as he began to dry himself off.
Sherlock raised his hand to stroke the back of John's head, offering what comfort he could. "Shhh, it's okay, love. It'll all be all right," he murmured. In the back of his mind he wondered what was taking the ambulance so long to get there. That was his last thought as he let his eyes slip closed, unable to stay awake any longer. His hand dropped as the darkness consumed him.
"Okay then," Sherlock said and smiled, wrapping his arms around John's waist in return. "Why don't you go pick out some treats? We have pop too if you're thirsty." He gave his fiancé a quick kiss on the lips and turned back to pick out a film.
Sherlock beamed at his fiance and stroked his face, memorising every detail. His blue eyes, his full cheeks, his thin, beautiful lips. He let his fingers graze across every feature, then leaned in to kiss his eyelids before letting his lips touch every inch of the other boy's face.
John finally gave up on the shirt and then pushed Sherlock's hand away to get at his trousers. He pulled them down with his pants and moved to work off Sherlock's. Once they were both bare from the waist down, he gave Sherlock his fingers to suck. He was going to prepare himself.
John leaned away, though he was careful to make sure he wasn't leaning over the railing. He caught a glimpse of how high up they were and suddenly he didn't feel very safe on the balcony anymore. He'd always had an inexplicable fear of falling... "Y-yes," he stammered out in response to Irene. "Why do you ask?"
Sherlock laughed harder and wrapped his arms around his lover. "That... would have even made
He turned back to the floor, trying to see if he could see Sherlock's curly hair above all the dancers, but all he could see were hundreds of Harry lookalikes. Was he seeing things? He rubbed his eyes and looked again, their faces changing back, but it was already too much. How could they all be so stupid? How many of them would drive home tonight? He couldn't stand to be there anymore, and he went around to the dark side of the house, crouching down against the wall. Hopefully Sherlock would find him soon.
"Oh...
Mycroft cleared his throat, "very well then, off we go." He pulled out of the driveway and towards the school.
John hummed and snaked his arms down to Sherlock's waist. "And if you're not alive you don't get to feel this." He ground upward into his lover's hips while simultaneously dragging Sherlock closer to speak in his ear. "Or hear me tell you how incredibly sexy you are and how much I want you to fuck me senseless."
Sherlock smiled up at the other man and pulled him in by the back of his head for a loving kiss. "Make love to me, husband of mine," he whispered. He leaned in to lock their lips together again, sighing happily as their tongues collided.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively, "no, just a bunch of talk. I'm fine, really," he reassured John. He smiled and pulled him down to whisper in his ear, "you know, you're really quite attractive when you get protective," he murmured. He pulled back with a grin and winked.
This was worse than the time before and John nearly started to panic. How could he get through to Sherlock? He couldn't see any other way but to be more forceful. "Sherlock," he said firmly. "Sherlock, snap out of it. Please!" It was almost a little scary, the fact that he seemed trapped within himself. John pulled Sherlock's hands away and grabbed his face. "Sherlock. Wake up!" John started kissing him, hoping the physical contact would jar him to his senses.
Sherlock shook his head and quickly reached up to wipe away the tears that were forming in his eyes. He didn't want John to worry and, in his mind at least, it was better for him to think he was mad than scared.
Another minute brought in John's father. He ran forward and hugged John. "This has been happening too much," he said, kissing him on the forehead. He turned to Mr. and Mrs. Holmes. "How's Sherlock?"
Sherlock grinned, "yes, indeed." He took John's arm and walked back towards the dining area. "There you two are!" Sherlock's mother sighed and grabbed her son, dragging him over to a round table set up in front of the crowd of people. The chef brought out the cake, which was a beautiful four tier dark chocolate cake with fresh strawberry and chocolate filling.
Sherlock moaned and started working on John's tie, loosening it and pulling it over his head. He bucked up into the other boy, his breath coming out in pants. "Oh God, John..." He pulled his fiancé's shirt out of his trousers and slid his hands underneath, digging his fingers into the skin of his back.
John barely had time to catch his breath before Sherlock was coming in his mouth. He swallowed much the same, sucking through Sherlock's climax. Finally, when Sherlock was finished, he licked him clean and pulled off to flop onto his back. "Oh...fuck, Sherlock..." he breathed, pulling his fingers out.
Sherlock thought for a moment, but then shook his head, "No, I don't. As long as I'm with you, I want the world to know it. I don't care if that means more teasing. I would go through anything if it meant I could be with you." He smiled lovingly at John before leaning down and kissing him, this one much less urgent, more loving and slow.
Sherlock nodded and pulled John down by the back of his neck for another soft, slow kiss. "I love you, John," he whispered and smiled. They laid there for a few moments, just kissing lazily until Sherlock spoke again. "I think it's time to go speak to your father, yeah?" he asked and smiled lovingly up at his boyfriend.
"God knows that's not one second too soon..." the judge said under his breath, nodding in acknowledgment to John and Sherlock before standing and walking out.
When they arrived and Sherlock sent him upstairs, John just sat on the edge of the bed and hung his head. He just wished that everything could work out. That he could have Sherlock and love him and be open without his father, or anyone else for that matter, giving him a problem. He rubbed his hands over his face, feeling just drained and like he wanted to sleep and forget everything. But when Sherlock returned with candles, he knew that that wouldn't be the case.
John held the glasses in his hands and raised an eyebrow as he watched Sherlock open the bottle. "Pulling out all the stops, eh?" he said with a smirk. This was probably the most fancy occasion that he had ever been to before. He certainly had never had champagne before. And suddenly he was nervous.
Sherlock sat down and rested his elbows on the table, burying his face in his hands and sighing before looking back up. There were tears in his eyes as he spoke. "I don't... I mean... I just
When John finally woke, it was to find Sherlock staring at him and smiling. John returned the smile lazily. "What're you lookin' at?"
John looked at Sherlock in question when he came back from saying what he was saying to Mycroft, but it was wiped away when Sherlock kissed him. He reached up to put his hand on the back of Sherlock's head. "Of course. I wasn't about to leave you behind," he said with a wink. As if he had any control over it.
John let Sherlock clean him for a moment, then grabbed the shampoo bottle and poured some in his hand. He lathered it up and scrubbed Sherlock's head, turning his dark curls white. "You are amazing, you know," John murmured, kissing Sherlock's ear as he washed his hair.
John let out the tiniest moan that he could manage, clutching at Sherlock's shoulders. His hips rocked subtly, desperate for more friction from his husband's hand. "Sherlock...God,
Back in John's room, Sherlock was struggling and whimpering in his sleep. He kept repeating 'no' in a sleep slurred voice and he was sweating profusely.
John couldn't help but smile in return, the sincerity touching. "It's alright. In a way, it kind of helped us to finally admit that we loved each other." He glanced at Sherlock with a grin. "But if you want, you could try to keep an ear open for anything else, maybe kill the rest of those rumours if anyone still believes them."
"Well, it's a good thing that the feeling is mutual, then." John moved his hands down a little lower, lightly cupping Sherlock's arse.
The increased stimulation that came with John's hands running across his skin pushed Sherlock that much closer to the edge. "John... Oh, John...
Sherlock reached up and rolled John's testicles in his palm as he continued to suck and lick, dipping his tongue into John's slit and working him as fast as he could, trying to bring him closer to climax.
Meanwhile, Ms. Rodin was trying to catch Hamish's eye again. "So, um... you've raised quite a boy there. You and your wife must be very proud," she said.
Mary waited with them until the ambulance arrived and walked out with John as they loaded Sherlock onto the stretcher. She watched them both get into the back of the ambulance and grabbed John's hand. "Let me know how he is, okay? And if you need anything, or someone to talk to... Just ring me." She gave John a sad smile before letting go.
John didn't understand what Sherlock meant until he started to undo his trousers. He bit his lip as Sherlock's fingers ghosted over him and he let go of him for a moment to brush Sherlock's hands away. He opened his trousers, pulling them and his pants down together and kicking them off. John straddled Sherlock, rocking into him with a groan.
John was so lost in the music and Sherlock he couldn't hear the people watching them and making sounds of delight as they danced. He was surrounded by the perfect of the moment; Sherlock's warm body, his steady breathing and heartbeat, his usual scent along with a hint of some new cologne he must be wearing, the sound of the music which he would now always consider their song...And then suddenly everyone was clapping for them as the song faded away. John opened his eyes and blinked up at Sherlock.
The fast pace, the hard thrusts, the possessiveness that suddenly came over him as he bent his head to suck a mark onto Sherlock's easily markable skin. He wrapped one hand around Sherlock's cock and stroked in time with his hips, groaning against Sherlock's skin and choking out, "Fuck, Sherlock...Oh, God..."
John meanwhile was outside, leaning against the wall of the flat with his face buried in his hands. His own father had rejected him. It hurt far more than he cared to say. What would he do if his father kicked him out for good? He had no money, nowhere to go. He couldn't impose on Sherlock, that just wasn't fair. He heard Sherlock coming out but he didn't move.
"Da..." John had just gotten his previous blush to disappear only to have it come rushing back. "Between the both of you, my face is always red," he grumbled.
Sherlock took John's hand and stood, wrapping his arms around the shorter boy and kissing him quickly on the lips. "It'll all be okay, love. I'll be there for you no matter what happens, okay?" he smiled reassuringly and cupped his boyfriend's cheek before leaning down and pressing a kiss to his forehead.
John could only imagine. Knowing his father, he might try to give him 'the talk'. He washed down Sherlock's front, making sure to get his arms and legs as well. "There, I think you're nice and clean."
John looked over to Sherlock when he heard him choking, and then followed his gaze. There near the door was a girl, rather pale with dark hair done up in a bun and wearing a ruby-red dress that looked almost like it was painted on her skin. He knew instantly that that must have been Irene. With a scowl, he wrapped an arm around Sherlock's waist, grip tight on his hip.
Sherlock watched as John gave attention to his wound and ran his fingers through his lover's hair. Maybe John was right, Moran had never loved anyone before and it may have driven him to take it away from someone who had. "I think you may be onto something," he murmured, "I know how jealous and heartbroken I was before I met you. I was so alone and it made me so angry sometimes. Maybe instead of drugs, Moran used violence as an outlet."
Sherlock whimpered at the feeling of John inside of him. He was right, without the condom it felt
Sherlock stared at John as they drove away, hand pressed flat against the window until they turned the corner. He sighed and turned forward, slumping in the seat.
"Is it good that he came to a decision so quickly?" Mrs. Holmes asked, her voice a bit choked. After seeing her son in such distress, she had cried as well. Ms. Rodin shrugged, "It can be good, or it can be bad... I have a good feeling about it though."
John put his free hand on Sherlock's shoulder as they started to move. "Neither will I. I'll never get tired of anything about you." He pressed his ear to Sherlock's chest, listening to his favourite sound.
John chuckled and shook his head. Of course they had a house in France. He stepped out of the cab with a very British sounding 'merci' and went around to the trunk to get their luggage.
John frowned a little. "I'm not hiding her. She... she just never came up," He said hesitantly and followed Sherlock back to his room and started to get dressed. "I could tell you about her if you really want to know."
Helen crossed her arms in front of her chest and raised an eyebrow, "kind of? You 'kind of' told him? John..." She sighed and rubbed the bridge of her nose, "these are the kinds of things you need to tell me! If you threatened him... they'll try to make it seem like self defence. You didn't actually
John couldn't believe the size of Sherlock's room. Even with the furniture, it was spacious, probably as big as the whole downstairs of his flat. He wrung his hands together as he looked around, in complete awe of everything. He felt so ridiculous now. Sherlock wouldn't want to be friends with someone who was so below his status. When Sherlock grabbed him, John couldn't even look the other boy in the eye. "It's nothing, I just..." He cast his eyes down further and flushed. "I'm not anywhere
Irene pursed her lips, "well... I was just thinking... if you met, say, a
John knew what this was. Getting him used to not having Sherlock right next to him as he was questioned. He smiled reassuringly at his fiance, and then sat in the chair Ms. Rodin had indicated.
"Well, it was different this time. They say that it's always better with someone you love." John smiled and trailed his finger along Sherlock's chest in swirling patterns.
John sang loudly with everyone else, watching as Sherlock blew the candles out in one breath. After listening to the short conversation between Sherlock and his father, he flushed and hugged him back. "You are too sweet, love," he said into his chest.
he thought and suddenly felt a tugging in his stomach, not wanting John to be uncomfortable and choose to leave instead of staying. He grabbed John's arm and smiled reassuringly at him, "let's go inside." He lead the shorter boy into the house and through the foyer, stopping at the bottom of the spiral staircase and yelling up, "Mum, I'm home!" His mother yelled back down, telling him that dinner should be ready soon and he better eat this time. Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned to John, grabbing his hand and squeezing, "Come on, I'll show you my room."
"Yeah. I can only imagine what kind of pool you have after seeing the rest of the house," John said, leaning into Sherlock's touch.
John hummed and kissed Sherlock back, propping himself on his elbows. He let Sherlock clean him off and then pulled up his pants and trousers. At the thought of having to go back to the party, John groaned but then sighed. "Well, at least Irene will know exactly what we were doing when I waddle back inside," he said with a smirk. He sat up fully and watched nervously as Sherlock picked up his gift. "I hope that you like it. I only had so much money..."
Sherlock gripped John's hand and started to move in and out of his body. He leaned down to whisper in his fiancé's ear. "Have I ever told you... how perfect you are? Just so... handsome and kind and your body..." his breath hitched as he moved in deeper, "
Sherlock smiled and kissed John on the forehead, still mindful of his fiance's father being in the room with them. "That reminds me... I should probably text Mycroft and let him know I'm ready to go home. That is unless..." he looked at John with a smile, "could you maybe give me a ride?"
John made sure that he had everything in order. His gift to Sherlock was wrapped nicely, he had his mobile in his jacket pocket, and he had polished his engagement ring so that 'The Girl' would see it easily and know that Sherlock was his. He heard the knock and nearly jumped to the door, opening it to find Sherlock there in his suit. And his mouth dropped open a little.
John was quite enjoying his time with Sherlock. For that while it was just him and his lover and not a care in the world. And what they were doing was enough, of course, but he was sorely tempted when Sherlock claimed to be up for more. He looked at his fiance with a skeptical eye. "Are you absolutely sure? I really don't want to hurt you."
John frowned, knowing that Sherlock probably didn't want to have to look at it again; he didn't want to either. But he gave him a smile and reached out towards him. "It's alright, love."
John turned his head to find Sherlock looking at him, the last of a blush fading from his cheeks. He must have still been a little nervous with John and he couldn't help a soft smile. The thought of spending the night was tempting, he hadn't slept over at a friend's house since he was in grade school. "Sure, I'll stay over. I'll just ring my father after dinner." John looked up at the ceiling and put his arms behind his head. "So tell me something, and sorry if this seems rude, but I'm really curious. How does your family have all this money?"
John laughed, pulling Sherlock up to kiss him. "Come on, let's play something else. This is fun." He really didn't get a chance to do this much anymore, not since he was in primary school. And it was fun to do something new with Sherlock.
He just held John for a few moments and gave him soft kisses every so often before pulling back and smiling lovingly at him. "My father wants to meet you... He and my mum have already figured out that we're together," he chuckled and held John closer.
Sherlock couldn't speak, he just nodded and grunted in acknowledgement. After a few minutes he finally found his voice again and smiled at John. "That... was the most amazing feeling ever. I don't think I want to use a condom ever again," he chuckled and looked around for something to clean them both up with.
Sherlock whimpered in pleasure and began rolling his hips down onto John's talented fingers. "John... oh, John..." he murmured and felt his cock twitching against his stomach as his fingertips grazed his prostate. He was shaking in anticipation of what was to come. Craving the feeling of John inside of him, taking him over completely and loving him in the most intimate way possible.
Tellement incroyable - "So incredible"
"That's right," Mr. Watson said, grin widening. John just groaned softly.
Sherlock pulled lightly against his restraints and groaned, "John..." he whimpered, "Fuck, John..." Sherlock continued to chant his lover's name, unable to think of anything else. After several moments of sweet torture, he could feel the sweat start to drip from his forehead with the effort of staying still.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pulling him flush against his body again with a deep groan. When Sherlock pulled away from the kiss, John went back to kissing his neck again, peppering the skin with soft brushes of his lips. With Sherlock's cock pressed between them it was easy to give him friction with each thrust.
your body feels fantastic." Sherlock rested his forehead on his lover's shoulder blade as he kept a slow and steady rhythm, adjusting his hips and trying to find his prostate.
John groaned again, tightening his grip on their cocks, swiping hard over their slits. "Me t-too...Oh /fuck/..." He was shaking as he bucked his hips and cried out.
Mr. Watson was silent for a moment, face showing that he seemed conflicted. John couldn't take the suspense, but he stayed quiet, waiting. Finally, his father took a breath and let it out, turning his back. "Go. Please."
..." he breathed out. Damn the other man for having him completely wrapped around his finger. Or in this case, wrapped up in his fingers.
John leaned into Sherlock with a smile. Mr. Watson grinned back at Sherlock and nodded. "Thank you very much for having us. Goodnight boys."
"You're not an outcast anymore," John pointed out. "In fact, you're probably considered popular now, or on your way. People are probably going to want to talk to you, and you might get separated from me in all the commotion..." He looked up, the worry genuine in his eyes.
"John, I had a feeling that was the reason for a while now," he said rolling his eyes. "Give me some credit. You don't really think I'd blame Sherlock for that, do you?" John didn't know what to say. The way his father was acting now, he felt silly for having doubted him.
John pulled away from Sherlock long enough to hug Ms. Rodin as well. "Thank you, but..." he said as he pulled away. He was feeling some of his guilt returning as they all praised him on doing so well. "I almost ruined everything. And because of me, Sherlock had to testify after all." He bowed his head. "I really didn't do well at all."
John couldn't hold back anymore as he felt Sherlock clenching around him. He let out a cry of his lover's name and spilled out, staying buried deep inside of him. His vision whited out and he couldn't even hear any of the noises they were making as he rode out his orgasm. It was one of the most powerful he'd had yet.
When he heard the knock at the door, he ran his fingers through his hair and stood. He opened the door and attempted a smile, "hey, I'm just coming back now," he murmured.
tease you are." He chuckled and climbed onto the bike, pressing as close as he could to John and giving a subtle roll of his hips against his fiance's arse.
John's face could have passed for a cherry when Mycroft spoke. Hadn't he ever heard of privacy? He buried his face in Sherlock's neck as Mycroft continued, but peeked out again when he heard that it was Sherlock's birthday. Once Mycroft was gone, he looked up at Sherlock and smiled. "Why didn't you tell me that it was your birthday? It would have passed right by and I wouldn't have given you anything."
off of him." He smiled over at John and squeezed his hand back.
As John's father left the room, Sherlock's brow furrowed in concern. He could tell something was wrong and knew that John could tell too. He stood and whispered something in Mycroft's ear and he nodded and left the room.
, I want it to mean something." John's eyebrows raised in surprise at Sherlock's last words. "Really?" He grinned. "Well, you are a damn good kisser for someone inexperienced." He smoothed his hand over Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock helped John as they stepped out of the limo and took his arm. He walked them up to the door and placed his hand on the small of his back as they walked into the reception area. He saw his parents right away and his mother walked over, beaming at them.
Sherlock stood in the driveway and waved until John was out of sight. As he walked back in the house, he saw Mycroft leaning against the stair railing. "So... got yourself a boyfriend, have you?" he said and raised an eyebrow. Sherlock scoffed, "yes, problem?"
John waited for Sherlock and finally let himself go, spilling out and mixing with Sherlock's release until there was a mess of white on John's hand. He panted heavily and slumped against his fiance, but still had enough energy to lift his hand to his lips and lick it clean, savoring their combined taste.
Sherlock swallowed as fast as he could, wanting John to know he would gladly take all he had to give. After John was completely spent he made sure that every last drop was licked away before sliding back up and kissing John languidly as he recovered. He could feel his own arousal throbbing between his legs, but that could wait. This moment was too perfect.
"It wasn't just one attack... it was twenty-seven. Sebastian said... he wanted to make sure everyone on the team got a turn with me."
Sherlock looked up, locking gazes with the other boy. He shook his head, "I could never be too good to you. There will never be enough words or enough actions for me to express to you just how special you are to me. I told you that you saved me in more ways than one and that's true... John, you not only saved me from Sebastian..." he took one of his hands and cupped his fiance's cheek, "you saved me from /myself/." He leaned in to press a loving kiss to John's lips, closing his eyes and focusing his entire being into it.
He tossed and turned before sighing and getting out of bed, putting on some shoes and after waiting long enough that John and Mycroft were probably gone, he walked outside and out to the clearing to spend the day. He couldn't stay in his room, there was too much on his mind.
Mycroft stood in the doorway, observing the whole scene for a few moments before he entered the room and sat down next to John. "He loves you, you know. He may not have admitted it yet because he feels like it's too soon and he's used to holding everything in, but he does."
Sherlock groaned into the kiss and this time he didn't waste a moment to shove his tongue into the other boy's mouth. He moaned as their tongues made contact and kissed him as best he could, savoring the feel of John on top of him, grinding down on him and his
Sherlock frowned at the sight of the lipstick and pulled John back in for another kiss, swiping his tongue across the other boy's lips, determined to wipe away every trace of Irene. He closed his eyes and focused on the feelings that were bubbling up in his chest. John was so good to him, so perfect, and right there and then he vowed to never doubt his love again.
"My dear, John... I have been thinking of you
John snuggled in closer to Sherlock, sighing contentedly. "Thank you." He brushed his lips over Sherlock's and closed his eyes. "If I fall asleep, I'm sorry, but I'm feeling kind of tired." As if to emphasize the point, he yawned.
He rested his head on his fiancé's shoulder, "can you imagine it? We'll share a bedroom, stay up all night making love and being as loud as we want. Wake up in the morning and have breakfast in bed together..." he smiled and sighed, picturing it all in his head.
Sherlock bit his lip, "anyways... it was hard to forget something like that. So I did what I had to. I found one of the blokes at school that sold illicit substances and got some cocaine from him. It became very difficult to stop." He tightened his grip on his boyfriend's waist.
Three days went by without any change, Sherlock's parents, along with Mycroft, came to visit several times. Mrs. Holmes brought John goodies from the house, insisting that he eat. John did exactly as he said he would. He stayed right next to Sherlock, not leaving except to go to the bathroom, not moving much except to change the channel on the TV in the room.
Sherlock returned the kiss with a happy sigh and leaned his head back as his lover continued his attention his neck. "Mmm... yes, I think so. Should be fun, yeah?" He reached down to run his fingers through the short hair on the back of John's head.
John thought he might rip the pillow open with his teeth, he was biting so hard. He moaned loudly, the sound bubbling from deep inside, and pushed as far back as he could. For a moment, he thought he might be able to climax just from this.
John returned the kiss, feeling a bit better. He smiled warmly up at his fiance and nodded. "You're right. I shouldn't worry." He kissed him again once then put his cheek back to Sherlock's chest. "Thanks, Sher."
you want to do this, Sherlock? There won't be time for me to prepare you. It'll all be done on the spot."
John managed to sit up a little and squeezed Sherlock's hand. "I could never be disappointed with you," he said, rubbing his thumb over the back of Sherlock's hand. "In fact, that was even better than I expected it to be." With a gentle tug, he pulled Sherlock down to kiss him.
Sherlock's mother laughed, "Oh yes... Very adorable, but so hard to manage! Every time I tried to comb them out, Sherlock would start crying. He had a bit of a sensitive scalp, you see..." Sherlock lifted his face, his cheeks burning red, "Mum... That's enough," he mumbled and frowned.
Sherlock sighed, "Sebastian Moran's trial is coming up soon... the lawyer that's representing us says we have to testify." He frowned and stroked the back of his fingers down John's cheek before moving both his hands behind him and clasping them together around his waist. "My father said he could try to find a way around it, but..." Sherlock shook his head, "the lawyer said it would really help our case if we were able to take the stand."
Sherlock swayed along to the beat, leaning in to whisper in John's ear. "You're such a good dancer, I don't know why you were ever nervous."
Mr. Watson watched the display, feelings still a little mixed. It was one thing for Harry to like girls but another for John, his only son, to turn around and have a boyfriend. It just wasn't what he expected. But the way that Sherlock talked about him, and the emotion in his actions, was enough to make him forget for a moment that they were both boys. He put a hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "It isn't your fault, son," he said. "We could all blame ourselves for not being there when it happened."
John liked this, slow and sensual, the music and candles keeping the mood gentle and loving. His hands wandered down to Sherlock's arse, slipping under the elastic of his boxers and pulling them down slightly just so that the pale hip bones of his boyfriend were showing. He trailed tender kisses along Sherlock's jaw, to his neck and down it, letting Sherlock undress him as he did.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's shoulders as he settled in his lap. "We'll take it one step at a time. I was just curious. But you know, we're still going to have bills and certain things, kids or not. Electricity, water, phone, telly, not to mention buying food and supplies for the house, or whatever we live in." Thinking about it too much was actually a bit nerve-wracking. "It's hard to believe that we'll be living on our own in just a few years."
John smiled a little and kissed him back. "I love you, too, Sherlock. And I know you mean well, but..." He sighed, unsure how to put it. "It's just not the same. I don't know what I did wrong. Mum just...left. Even if she was upset about Harry, why wouldn't she stay for me? Not that she'd be happy now that we're together, but still..."
John spent the night with Sherlock, sleeping comfortably in the arms of his boyfriend. The next morning when he woke up, Sherlock was still asleep. He smiled and kissed the underside of his jaw, not trying to wake him.
Sherlock tried to throw off John's hand on his shoulder, still asleep. "No... I don't want to, you can't make me!" He yelled and kept struggling. "Leave me alone...
John felt himself becoming completely lost in the sound of Sherlock's voice, the feel of his touch, and the emotion involved. The world was just him and Sherlock, as it always should be. "Sherlock...oh, God,
"I know," John said, groaning softly as he kept moving his hand on both of them. "God...I just can't stop myself..." He rocked his hips, their cocks rubbing together in his hand.
John groaned loudly, his eyes rolling back in his head as Sherlock engulfed him. He was so tight, it was incredible. His hips bucked up out of his control, the friction on his cock from Sherlock's tightness driving him crazy. "Yes...Oh, God,
, John... I l-love being pressed up against you...
"Right..." John sighed a little. This was going to be rough for both of them, but he knew that it would be worth it in the end. He kept one hand moving on Sherlock's back, the other coming up to caress his face. "We'll be alright. I know it," he said softly.
Sherlock kissed John on the top of his head and then leaned his cheek against it. "Well then, I suppose I'll never know how it feels to make love with someone I don't feel that way for."
When the final bell rang, they walked into the hall together, but they were stopped by Mary before they went outside. "John, can I speak to you for a moment? Alone?" she said sweetly and glanced over at Sherlock.
John blinked rapidly as Sherlock's kiss broke him from his thoughts. He shook his head. "N-nothing..." Love had no place in such a short relationship. Not yet anyway. He couldn't say anything or he might weird Sherlock out. He pressed a kiss to the underside of Sherlock's jaw.
was right. When Sherlock pulled away and spoke again, sounding so worried that John would take it back, he brought his own hand to Sherlock's cheek. "I'm positive." He then scooted his whole body closer, pressing his lips to Sherlock's again, very gently.
Sherlock whimpered, reaching up to tangle his fingers in John's hair as they kissed. He needed to feel John all over him, needed to forget all about the attacks. He bucked his hips up and slid both hands to his lover's hips, still keeping things slow and loving.
After dinner was served and everyone ate, Sherlock walked with John to take his father to the door to say goodbye. He wrapped an arm around his boyfriend's waist, settling his hand on his hip. "Come back anytime, Mr. Watson," Sherlock said and smiled at the man.
John whined when Sherlock pulled away and nipped at his bottom lip. "One day when we're completely alone..." He moved to grab Sherlock's ear lobe in his teeth. "I want you to fuck me so hard on this couch that I can't see straight."
Finally, he brought his mouth to his fiancé's cock, hovering over it and licking his lips before sucking just the head in his mouth. He swirled his tongue around it and listened to John's reactions.
He finally looked up at Sherlock and smiled. "But then you came along and suddenly that didn't matter anymore, just like it didn't matter that I was unsure of my sexuality in the first place. I guess when you find the right person, everything just...clicks."
Sherlock chuckled, "I know, I don't want you to go either, but you have to." He smirked mischievously and put his lips up to John's ear. "If you don't get up, I'm just going to have to make you..." he whispered huskily.
"Ohhh, yes, John..." Sherlock moaned, each word making his cock twitch in excitement. He could feel himself right on the edge, about to go over with just one more word from his lover.
had ever been this kind to him, not even close. He felt so connected to John in that moment that all he could do was reach forward with a shaky hand and place it on John's cheek, pulling his face closer to his own. He was breathing rapidly and his heart was pounding again as he closed the distance between them and placed a soft kiss on John's lips, unable to resist anymore. He let his lips linger for a moment before pulling away again, his eyes still closed. "Are you sure?" he asked softly, barely above a whisper. He had never been more scared in his entire life. He was terrified that even though John had confessed his feelings, he would run from the building after this.
Sherlock lifted his head and looked deep into John's eyes. A smile spread slowly across his face, "no, my dear... I wouldn't. In fact... I think we're much more than that. You are not only the missing part of my soul, but of my very being. My body, heart, mind and life. What we have is so much deeper than love." He caressed his lover's face and kissed him softly.
He spent the whole ride home holding John's hand tightly and leaning his head on his boyfriend's shoulder. He almost fell asleep again, but woke once they pulled into the driveway. With John's help, he made it up the stairs and into his room.
John just grinned at his father. "Hi, Da. Smells good." He pulled away from Sherlock and decided to play the gentleman, pulling a chair out for his fiance and tucking it in for him once he sat.
John's head shot up, eyes wide. "He's..." Did he dare to hope? Did he let himself start to mend with such a terrible chance of breaking again? He felt his lip trembling, but he held steady now. Mr. Holmes was right. Sherlock needed him, from now to the bitter end. "Thank you," he said softly before getting up and running out to catch the ambulance.
Sherlock blushed, "well, I don't know about all that..." he murmured. Pulling away after a few moments, Sherlock grabbed John by the hand and led him through the field to the log. He sat down and pulled the other boy down to sit on his lap.
Sherlock frowned, "I can only do that with my brain..." he murmured and swallowed thickly. There were several memories of the beatings he'd taken from Moran and the others that he had locked away, several of them worse than the pounding he'd taken mere days ago. He closed his eyes against them as they tried to fight their way back through and he felt a tear run down his face.
John sat down next to Sherlock, resting his arms on the bar. "I don't know. I guess seltzer water is fine for me. I try to avoid drinking." He hadn't mentioned much about Harry to Sherlock so far, but now wasn't the time. He didn't want to spoil the mood with stories of his sister's descent into alcoholism.
As they went outside, he led them across the lawn to a wooded area. He held back branches for John as they walked and as they got close enough where he could see the clearing, he turned back to John and grabbed both his hands, squeezing them. "Do you trust me?" he asked and smiled.
John rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder after the kiss, trailing his fingers along his chest. "My thoughts exactly." He forced himself up after a moment and faced the shower spray. "I think that's about all I can manage today to be honest with you. I feel kind of exhausted now."
to make friends with him, but that was before I knew that he and the lot of those boys were bullies."
Sherlock groaned and turned his head to nip John's earlobe. "You can't resist me either, don't deny it. I bet you're imagining me touching you right now, aren't you? That it's my hand on you, stroking you," he murmured huskily. Two could play that game and he knew how much John loved his voice.
Sherlock woke slowly and smiled down at his husband sleepily. "We're in Paris?" he mumbled. "Mmm... took them long enough to get there." He stretched and leaned over to kiss his husband on the cheek.
Sherlock decided on one of the new films his father just got in. He grabbed the DVD and put it in the player, then walked out and shut the door behind him.
John was just coming down the hall when he saw his teammates all circled around something...No someone! They were about to beat someone up. He dropped his things and ran over, pushing his way through the group. "Hey! Stop it, mates. What are you doing?" Finally he made it to the space between the captain, Sebastian Moran, and a tall skinny boy with a mop of dark curls cringing against the wall. "Moran, what's going on here?" he asked, trying to get him to put down his arm.
John closed his eyes, just enjoying Sherlock's closeness, feeling his warmth, breathing him in. Someday they wouldn't have to do this, but for now they didn't have a choice. "I love you," he whispered.
He smiled at John and laid the candles out around the room, lighting them and then dimming the overhead lights. He walked over to his stereo and turned it on. A soft tune flowed out of the speakers:
John frowned at that. That was something he kept forgetting about; having to face Moran again. "Well, you'll be out sitting and he'll be up front. You can always close your eyes, love." He rubbed his thumb over the back of Sherlock's hand.
Sherlock closed his eyes, a few tears falling. He could only imagine what John had gone through in those moments. When he opened them back up, he locked gazes with his fiance again.
Sherlock chuckled, "of course, dear. Anything for you." He kissed John on the nose and grabbed trays for them both. Sherlock was hungry enough to actually eat a full meal this time and he knew it would please his fiancé to no end.
John still felt terrible. He had his face buried in his hands as he waited for them to call him to Sherlock's room. He had failed him, over and over today and the day before. How could he ever hope to take care of Sherlock if he couldn't even help him when these sorts of things happened? When he caused them in the first place? He was brought to Sherlock and relieved to see his eyes closed and the heart monitor showing the beating of the muscle. At least now he looked like he was sleeping rather than...the other thing. John sat in the chair next to the bed, holding Sherlock's hand again and closing his eyes to wait.
"Mycroft eventually found out and threatened to tell mum and dad if I didn't cease at once. I got mad, bought the strongest stuff that my dealer had and..." he paused, looking away and shuddering. "Myc found me a few hours later, lying on the floor of my bedroom, passed out in my own vomit." Sherlock sighed as tears began rolling down his face, "I haven't used since," he murmured, unable to look John in the eyes as he finished. He didn't want to see the disgust that was surely written all over his face.
Sherlock moaned as his lover started to move inside of him. He loved the feeling of being pierced to the core by the love of his life. It was the most overwhelming sensation he'd ever felt, far more powerful than the drugs he use to indulge in.
Mr. Holmes smiled and helped the nurse arrange the beds side by side. He lifted John out of the chair and helped him into the bed and under the covers. The poor boy looked like he was going to lose consciousness any moment. Once he was safely tucked in, he looked down at John and smiled. "Rest well, son. Sherlock will be just fine."
"It's nice to meet you Sherlock, and you as well John. Shall we get started?" She gestured to the table in the corner of the room.
John couldn't be so easily reassured by Sherlock's words this time. After all his promises to protect him, when he needed to do his best, he made things worse. He hugged Sherlock back and kept his face buried in his fiance's neck, feeling like he didn't deserve his praise or love right now.
The man smiled. "That won't be necessary. But please do hurry to change as Master Holmes will be here soon."
Sherlock laughed, "yeah, looks like it." He caressed John's face and smiled, "I love you so much. I can't even express to you what I feel for you, John. You're the most wonderful man," he murmured and leaned in to kiss him.
John kissed Sherlock back with fervor, keeping his body close so that they were touching at every possible place. He let Sherlock undress him fully and cried out softly when their hips bumped together. He returned each of Sherlock's kisses with the same intensity, arms around Sherlock's shoulders, nails dragging along his back.
Sherlock slept soundly the rest of the night and woke relieved that he was safe in John's arms. He began placing kisses along his jaw and hugged him around his waist.
He found Sherlock, hooked up much the same as he had been earlier that week. As John had been as well. He brought a chair over and took Sherlock's hand, relishing in the fact that it was warm, full of life. He laced their fingers, his other hand carding through Sherlock's hair. He would wait as long as he needed, he wasn't leaving this spot.
"John, can I speak with you for a moment?" Mycroft said and headed for the door.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and bit back tears at the memory. He was scared then, too. Terrified that he would never get to see John again, that he'd left him for some girl. But he knew better now, John would never leave him.
"Now John, I want you to be aware that the defence lawyer will pay no regard to your feelings. He will say and do anything to get you to crack. Nothing will be off limits, do you understand?" Ms. Rodin looked at John seriously, her hands resting on top of her crossed legs.
The next morning, Sherlock woke first and smiled at the face of his sleeping fiancé. He managed to get out of bed without waking him and tiptoed over to the window to grab his violin. He lifted it and rested it under his chin, raising the bow to start playing John's song.
Sherlock let out a loud groan, feeling himself grow closer with each thrust. He smacked John on the arse and threw his head back, closing his eyes. His entire body was focused on the pleasure his lover was giving him and he could feel the sweat dripping from his face as he pounded into the other boy.
, John... Look at me, p-please look at me. I want to see you," Sherlock whimpered and strained against the scarves again. All the sensations were overwhelming and he needed the connection of their gazes to keep him grounded.
John watched for a moment, mesmerised by the fluidity of Sherlock's moves. For a boy who was all sharp lines and angles, he sure knew how to make himself look like he was made of liquid. But he was soon snapped out of his reverie by a crowd circling in, cheering as his fiance stole the show with his dancing. John had to fight to stay near him, and even then he was stuck behind the innermost layer of party guests.
John pulled the covers up over them and snuggled against Sherlock. "Worth it." He pressed his face to Sherlock's neck, nuzzling the soft skin.
John grinned when he saw Sherlock eating. He started to eat the rest of his lunch and thought about the subjects he struggled in. "Well, I'm pretty good at history and English. It's math and stuff that gives me trouble. Ever since we stopped doing algebra it's like a different language or something." Part of him felt a little silly, though, that he needed tutoring in the first place. Sherlock was so brilliant and he was just average.
John continued to moan and rock his hips up as Sherlock slowly took him all the way in. He liked the gentleness of tonight, even though he enjoyed being rough as well. But sometimes it was nice to truly show love over lust.
John leaned as far over as he could towards Sherlock, a bit of a smug look on his face. "Yup. It was meant to be. I didn't even like boys before I met Sherlock." He smiled over at the other boy before looking back at Irene. He didn't like that expression on her face.
Sherlock shrugged, "I'm just looking at the most handsome boy I've ever seen," he said cheekily and grinned. He lifted himself up until he was able to straddle John's hips and leaned down to give him a long, slow kiss.
John started eating, leaning into Sherlock's side. "I'm always in a good mood when I'm with you." He stayed against Sherlock as he continued eating.
John nodded, and sighed a bit. This one he felt a bit less confident about, because he was stupid enough to follow Mary down the hall. "Well, after Moran and the others left that Friday, I fixed up Sherlock's nose and then he invited me over. We spent pretty much the entire weekend together, and...fell in love." He blushed a bit and smiled.
Sherlock moaned, "and you look absolutely amazing on top of me." He let his hands roam down his lover's back. He smiled and let his fingers dip between John's arse cheeks. "I want to be inside of you so badly... I want to pound into you until you're screaming in pleasure," he whispered against the other boy's lips.
They only let Mr. Watson inside after about fifteen minutes badgering. He went into the room and gasped at the sight, swallowing hard. John's face was bruised, he was hooked up to wires and tubes, and he was covered in bloodied bandages. He could barely stand. He sank into the chair by his bed and put his face in his hands. "I'm so sorry..."
a virgin... about everything," he blushed and bit his lip. "That would work best for me too, but... I don't know where to start, how to... please you," he breathed. As enthusiastic as he was to continue, Sherlock was a bit nervous, but this was John. John loved him and he would be gentle with him.
John smiled, face warming as he leaned into Sherlock's touch. He pulled himself up just enough to kiss Sherlock again, but the effort was too much to make it last and he laid back again. "I think if you keep kissing me, I might heal before supper," he said with a smirk.
John hummed in content and opened one eye to peer back at Sherlock. "Is that why you like fucking in the shower so much?" he teased.
Sherlock sighed, "her name is Irene Adler. She's the only girl that's ever tried to flirt with me... She's very persistent." He frowned at John's expression and grabbed onto his waist tighter, "you don't have anything to be jealous of."
Sherlock hummed into the kiss and pulled back only when he felt the need to breathe. He rested their foreheads together and sighed happily, eyes closed. "Breakfast should be ready soon," he murmured, staying where he was.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered open as he felt John struggling against him and was immediately concerned, "Hey... John it's okay, I've got you... It's me, come on, wake up," he said softly and hugged him tightly, kissing his forehead and trying to rouse him.
Sherlock obeyed and laid back so he could lift his hips up and allow John to pull his trousers and pants down. He sat back up once they were off and looked down at the other boy with lust filled eyes.
John shook his head. "He said I need to come home at least a few times a week," he said with a chuckle. "And especially during the school week."
"After we clean up this mess," Sherlock said and chuckled. He lifted himself up off of John and pulled the other boy up too. Then he pulled up his pants and went off to the bathroom to grab some towels to clean up their mess.
The judge looked at the defence lawyer, "do you have any further questions for Mr. Watson?" Mr. Tabling smirked and shook his head. "All right then, we'll take an hour recess and meet back here then."
Later that night, while lying in bed, he pulled out his mobile and the scrap of paper and typed out a message to John.
Sherlock hummed in response and removed his fingers, reaching in the bedside table again to grab a condom. He ripped it open with his teeth and rolled it on, biting his lip and trying not to come by just that.
He winced and scrambled to the far corner of the bed, sitting against the headboard and pulling his knees up to his chest. "Sorry... I'm so sorry..." he mumbled and kept repeating it over and over. He buried his face, escaping to his mind palace again to avoid the pain, only this time it wasn't physical pain he was experiencing.
"I'll make sure we stay together the rest of the night, then," Sherlock said and nodded in understanding. He stood and helped John up, looking around and finding a small living area. He led the other boy over and sat him down in one of the plush chairs.
He hummed in content, inhaling deeply. Sherlock just loved the way that John tasted and the way he responded when he kissed a particularly sensitive spot.
John washed Sherlock's neck and then moved back down his spine, and even a little lower. "If he did, he was very nice not to mention it just now. But I like to think that he didn't hear at all."
John groaned in frustration, the teasing of his fiancé's cock driving him wild. He fisted his hands into the sheets, knuckles white as he pushed his whole body up towards Sherlock to try to get more. "Sherlock...please..." he begged, though he didn't know for what.
John looked up, heart racing at the sound of the organ. This was it! He clasped his hands together and turned towards his gorgeous fiance, soon to be husband. He looked...just stunning. His curls actually tamed, the dark suit standing out beautifully against his pale and flawless skin, and the beautiful smile, making him instantly relax. He returned the smile, locking onto his gorgeous blue-green eyes, and focusing on Sherlock and Sherlock alone. It was just the two of them, finally completing their bond as it was meant to be from the start.
"Yeah. A new record for teenage boys everywhere probably," John said with a chuckle.
Sherlock frowned as he heard John refer to him as his friend and climbed back in bed. He nodded when he got off the phone, "yes, you should do that," he murmured and snuggled deeper under the covers. "I think I'll just stay here, I'm not feeling well. Mycroft can still take you to school."
John noticed Sherlock's anxious behaviour and raised an eyebrow at him. He slipped his hand under the table and rested it on his knee, giving it a gentle squeeze.
John grinned through the kiss, grasping tightly with spread fingers to his lover's arse as their hips rubbed together. He dove into Sherlock's mouth with his tongue, swiping it over every sensitive spot to draw out more sounds from his lover.
Sherlock smiled back at him, "yeah... I do. He likes you a lot, already considers you family." He brushed a few hairs away from John's forehead, "you'll be on your way to becoming a doctor in no time, and you'll be a fantastic one, I'm sure."
John raised one eyebrow. "Sherlock. I may be tired but I know you and I can tell when something's wrong." He brought him over to the table he had been sitting at.
Once he had gotten his plate, John dug in with gusto. He looked over to Sherlock and frowned before getting an idea. He took his fork and speared some of Sherlock's food, lifting it to his mouth. "Open up, darling," he said.
He arranged for a suit to be brought to John's flat. He decided on a nice periwinkle coloured tie, knowing it would bring out the blue in John's eyes. Sherlock's own suit was made in the same way as John's, but he had a deep purple tie instead. After he finished adjusting himself, he smiled and walked out the door to the limo his parents had arranged to go pick up John and take them to the castle (yes, castle) where they were having Sherlock's party.
John watched Sherlock as he slept, pressing soft kisses to his face and whispering sweet things in his ear. He was more than happy to help him walk when they left, and to be a pillow on the ride home. When they arrived at the house, John did most of the work for Sherlock to be able to make it up all the stairs to his room.
Sherlock groaned and rolled his eyes, but as soon as he looked at John's face he caved. "Fine," he sighed dramatically and smiled, "but only because you're so adorable when you beg." He kissed John on the nose and headed out the door, chuckling.
When John finally broke their kiss he was able to speak coherently again. "You're incredible... I'm so in love with you." He stroked Sherlock's cheek, pulling him in and tangling their legs together so they were as close as possible.
A few moments later, the door to the balcony opened again. "Hello, John," a high, lilting voice said. Irene stepped out of the shadows, a smirk on her face. She walked up slowly, swaying her hips and stopped when she stood next to John at the railing.
John bit his lip as his cock twitched. He was certainly building stamina now that he was having sex regularly. "It might take a bit more to work me up again. Maybe you could help me out," he whispered, leaning in to nip Sherlock's earlobe.
he thought and focused on that voice, pushing the other ones aside. His shaking slowly became less intense as he worked as hard as he could to hone in on John's voice alone. "John..." he murmured softly.
Sherlock pushed in with a groan and paused once he was fully sheathed inside his lover. He pressed soft kisses to the side of John's face and then started moving his hips slowly.
John pouted. He didn't want to have to go to school, especially not if Sherlock wasn't going to be there with him. When Sherlock spoke in his ear he made a soft sound and turned to capture Sherlock's lips. "Talk like that and I'll never leave," he said against his lips.
John climbed up next to Sherlock and kissed him. "Glad you enjoyed it." He laid there, trying not to think about his own erection, letting Sherlock have a few minutes to calm down. He knew his lover wouldn't leave him hanging but John had taken a lot out of him.
Sherlock could feel the emotions in the kiss and whimpered, kissing John back. He threaded his fingers through his short blonde hair and stroked his tongue with the other boy's, soft and slow.
Sherlock turned on his side to face John and wrapped his arms around him, pulling him close and kissing him on the neck, inhaling the scent of himself and the other boy mingled together. He pulled back and smiled at John, reaching up to brush his hair away from his forehead. "Any ideas as to what you'd like to do tomorrow?"
When John was deep enough to graze his prostate again, he whimpered and pulled him even closer so they could lock lips again. "Oh God,
John was stuck somewhere between whimpers and moans as he drew closer. He pumped his fingers harder, wanting it to feel as though he were pounding into Sherlock. He bobbed his head faster, teeth grazing the rough skin of Sherlock's cock. John's hips bucked a few more times and with a strangled cry, he had reached his climax, the extreme pleasure making him suck harder on Sherlock.
"That was only a few days ago, if you think about it." John made a soft sound, arching towards Sherlock's fingers. "Don't distract me while I'm riding. I don't want you to get hurt." He started the bike and took off from Sherlock's drive, heading for home.
French Translations
John shook his head in amusement. "I'm not surprised. At this point, I don't think I can be surprised anymore by anything." He snuggled into Sherlock's side, taking a sip of pop as the film began.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow at John's words,
John let his head fall back as Sherlock's words went straight to his groin. He started to grind against his lover, slowly, only to get a little friction as he was pretty much rock hard at this point. God, they needed to just get home already.
Sherlock groaned and removed his fingers. He kissed the back of John's neck again as he reached for the lube. Then he coated his erection in it and guided himself to his lover's entrance. He moaned loudly at the sensation and braced once hand next to John's hip, his other one next to his head.
Sherlock could feel the love and admiration practically drenching their kisses and he moaned loudly. Somehow, he managed to straddle John without parting their lips, but found he had to a few moments later to breathe. "John..." he panted against the shorter boy's lips.
Sherlock looked up and smiled tiredly. "Hey..." He tried to stand and almost fell, having to grab onto John's shoulders to keep himself up. "Sorry..." he mumbled and looked down at his fiancé.
John chuckled, resting his hands over Sherlock's and leaning back. "Don't worry. As soon as we're done we can come back up and I'll be your pillow all night long." He started to walk, Sherlock still attached behind him.
Sherlock moaned low in his throat, "God, John... That feels...
"Hmm..." Sherlock rubbed his chin. He turned and smiled cheekily at his lover. "Wash me in the shower?"
Sherlock managed to sit next to John during the rest of their classes and made sure to tease him relentlessly with lingering touches and whispered flirtations.
John twisted his hand on Sherlock as he started to pound harder into him. "You... Fuck, you are incredible." He started biting Sherlock's pale shoulder, leaving small marks everywhere his teeth went.
John groaned softly, doing as Sherlock said. This he really liked. It was like the other night when they were on the phone, except he could feel Sherlock's voice rumbling next to him, sending shivers down his spine.
John pressed his lips a little harder to the spot, sucking more firmly. He felt something poking him, letting him know just the effect he was having on Sherlock. John flipped himself around so he was stradling Sherlock, and very gently rocked into him. Pulling his mouth off, John smirked up at Sherlock. That was enough for now.
of your family from me... Or maybe you're just hiding me from your sister, who knows." He shrugged and wrapped his own towel around his waist, walking towards the bathroom door.
John could see it as well, and the thought warmed his heart. "The perfect future. I can't imagine how else I could live."
John closed his eyes, trying to imagine that his hand was Sherlock's mouth. It wasn't warm enough, not wet enough, but it would do. "Fuck, yes...I would hold you in place and fuck your mouth so hard. And then I'd flip you over and I'd lick your arse hole." He squeezed himself harder as he stroked.
Sherlock smiled and opened his mouth, feeling a bit like a child with his fiance feeding him. He decided to have a bit of fun with it though and took a bite as slowly and seductively as he could possibly manage. He chewed and swallowed, rolling his eyes back and moaning softly, "mmm,
Sherlock's mother shook her head sadly, "you poor thing," she said and pulled him in for another hug. "Don't you go thinking there was anything else that could have been done to prevent this. That Moran boy has some very deep seeded issues and obvious homophobia. It is
John looked up when Mycroft entered, but was immediately intimidated by the look on his face. He shrunk back as the elder Holmes yelled and tears formed in his eyes. "I-I didn't...I mean, I don't know...This has never happened before when he had an episode. Please, Mycroft, I would never hurt him. You have to know that." He felt so guilty already, but now he was scared of what his fiance's older brother would do to him, and he closed his eyes, tears spilling over.
John's face went solemn. "I'm ready." And he was. After the day before, he was prepared for how emotional this could be. And if he could get through this, he could get through the trial.
"You're very lucky that I love you both," he said with a half-smile. He had to admit, the teasing was even fun for him sometimes.
Sherlock shook in excitement at the cascade of sensations and let out a long moan, the vibrations of it spreading deliciously through the kiss. After a few minutes, things started to get more intense and with a frustrated groan, he pushed John away. "We have to stop..." he panted, "I won't be able to control myself much longer."
John managed to stop himself until he felt Sherlock coming apart beneath him. Sherlock's sounds, movements, and his clenching around his cock was all it took to make him lose control. He spilled out deep inside of Sherlock, crying out his lover's name with his release.
Sherlock looked up at John when he touched his hand and attempted a smile, "I wish things would work out now. I would do anything to make you happy," he whispered and brought John's hand up to kiss his knuckles.
Je veux que tu me fasses l'amour – "I want you to make love to me"
public knowledge."
"Hello, boys! I'm just cooking, should be done soon," his father's voice said from the kitchen. John smiled. His father had been in much better spirits since the 'promotion', and John got to spend more time with him now that he was only working one job.
John leaned back and let Sherlock take control, spreading his arms out so that every inch of him was open to the other boy's soft lips. He made a variety of sounds from moans to whimpers and whines to little gasps, and he knew that Sherlock would keep a mental map of all his extra sensitive spots in that genius brain of his. Not that John was complaining of course.
Sherlock smiled and kissed his own mobile, "I love you so much... and you are not alone, ever. I will always be there, okay? And if you ever need me, just text or call."
"Yes," John said, only just realising that himself.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand, slinging his bag over the opposite shoulder. "As I'll ever be," he said. As he had said to Sherlock before, it was one step closer to finally getting Moran the punishment he deserved. He was actually very ready.
John stood and took the offered hand. "Sure. Just as long as you mind your hands," he said with a wink.
John looked up, relief flooding him at the same time as fear. Sherlock had died, at least for a few seconds. For a few seconds, John had almost lost him. But there was no way Sherlock could have brain damage, his brain was too powerful for that, John was sure.
Sherlock watched as Ms. Rodin approached the stand, wondering what she could possibly be asking. "When did you start doing the drugs, Sherlock?"
It was almost as though John could feel everything that Sherlock poured into the music. He suddenly saw himself and Sherlock dancing as well, feeling the love that they shared as if Sherlock's heart were singing directly to him. It wasn't much longer before his eyes fluttered open and he saw that Sherlock was actually playing. Well, of course he was. John could never come up with something so gorgeous in his imagination. He quietly propped himself up to watch and listen to his fiance's song.
Sherlock smiled at the whole exchange and kissed the back of John's hand again. Mycroft cleared his throat and raised his eyebrow at Sherlock. He looked at his older brother, confused until it dawned on him. "Oh! Um... Mr. Watson? My parents were hoping to have you and John over for dinner sometime... When John feels better, of course," he added and smiled at his boyfriend.
"So you had no contact with Sebastian at all that day before this? No indication that he wasn't happy about you two being together? He didn't try to say anything to you or Sherlock?" Sherlock swallowed thickly, remembering what had happened at lunch, but kept quiet.
Sherlock was kept in the hospital for the rest of the week and he was released that Saturday. He insisted on John coming home with him and his parents agreed to let it happen. He got settled in his room again and was currently wrapped up in the blankets with John's legs tangled with his own as they exchanged kisses, touching in about a million different places as reassurance that they were both alive and okay.
Sherlock mentally corrected himself. He could see the evil smirk on Sebastian's face and cringed as his leg reared back, ready to kick him in the gut.
Sherlock kissed the top of John's head and smiled. "I think this would be a good time to make our announcement, yeah?" He said and looked over at his parents, standing to the side with Mycroft.
"Your suit, Mr. Watson," the man said, handing it over to him. "Hand-selected by your fiance."
"Well, one of the guests was a man by the name of Richard Garsdale. I believe your father would know him... His former boss," he smirked slightly at John's father before continuing. "Mr. Garsdale just so happens to also be the man I told you was having an affair on his wife. He was... informed... that if he did not resign and put in a recommendation that your father be given his position, his private affair would become
Sherlock managed to stifle the moan that rose in his throat. He bit his lip and breathed heavily through his nose as he tried his best to stay quiet, careful not to alert the other passengers.
Sherlock smiled, "you really don't ha-..." he started, but was interrupted when John flipped them over. "Well, okay... if you insist," he chuckled and it quickly turned into a moan as he felt John's lips on his skin. He reached down to stroke his fingers through his boyfriend's hair softly.
Sherlock smiled cheekily and hopped on, wrapping his arms around John's waist and scooting as close as he could. Just for safety, of course. He still had a smile plastered on his face as he got settled. "I hope so, because if I fall off, you're coming down with me," he breathed in John's ear, testing the waters. He'd never flirted before, but it was so natural with John that he couldn't help it.
John threw his arms around Sherlock's neck and kissed him firmly. It was all he could do now, and at least he had permission to go up to Sherlock if he needed him. After a moment he pulled away and took Sherlock's face in both hands. "Keep your eyes on me, alright?" he murmured, staring into his eyes, which were a bright blue at the moment. He pushed away his guilt for the moment to be the support that Sherlock would need through the rest of the trial. If anything, he needed to do this right.
John couldn't stop himself from bringing his face up to Sherlock's neck. He nipped a line along his lover's neck, passing over old marks and untouched spaces. "I love your skin," he breathed. "It's so easy to mark, so easy to show everyone you're mine." He growled softly and sucked a new one in place.
John had buried his face in his knees, unable to stop a few tears from escaping his eyes. He should have known that this would be a bad idea, but he thought that maybe he could handle it. But he hadn't been around people that drunk since his sister, and it brought up too many bad memories, especially since he had just been thinking about it this morning.
Sherlock reached up and ran his fingers through John's hair, leaning in to tangle their tongues together. He kept rolling his hips in a steady rhythm as they kissed. The feeling of being connected to his lover this way was simply wonderful and he whimpered as he moved.
Sherlock looked up when he heard John and swallowed thickly at the sight of him. He stood and walked slowly over to the other boy. "Wow... You look... Mmm," he breathed and wrapped his arms around his fiance's waist. "I should pick your outfits more often," he murmured and leaned down to kiss John's jaw.
John blinked, trying to keep up with what Mr. Holmes was saying. He was completely exhausted, and chances were that Sherlock wouldn't wake up if he just took a little nap. Finally, he relented. "All right, I guess I'll sleep." He rubbed his eyes, forcing himself to stay awake just until the bed came. Really he wanted to sleep in the same bed with Sherlock, but he was still hooked up to too many wires and John didn't want to detach anything by accident.
Sherlock tugged his lover close again for another passionate kiss and settled both hands on his hips, pulling them even closer together. There was so much love in the air around them that he could feel it warming him from the inside out as they continued to kiss.
"He shoved me up against the wall and started calling me names again and he punched me in the eye. I fell to the ground and he took me by the throat, standing me up. The other boys were laughing, cheering him on. Then he... he asked me how much I liked taking it in the arse. How many guys' cocks I'd ever sucked." Sherlock could feel the tears coming on and swallowed them down, trying to be strong.
Sherlock took a deep breath and opened his eyes to look at the lawyer. "I want to testify."
Mr. Watson watched the scene between the two boys and smiled. The fact that Sherlock was willing to blackmail to keep his son showed just how much he loved him (and how dangerous the Holmes family could be if you crossed them). It was then that he noticed the ring on John's left hand. "John... Where did you get that?"
"Mmmm," Sherlock hummed thoughtfully and leaned his head back, urging John to continue. Whatever John was thinking, he wasn't ready to share yet and Sherlock would respect his wishes, however much he wished he knew what was going on in that head of his.
"John!" Sherlock's father made his way through the crowd of police and paramedics and grabbed onto John's shoulders, shaking him. "Get it together, son. You have to tell them what happened, okay? You have to help catch who did this to my boy." He spoke firmly, but was also trying to comfort the boy, knowing how he must feel right now.
Ms. Rodin smiled, "Helen... Helen Rodin," she said and took the offered hand.
"No, don't be sorry, love. I know this is what you want and I'll be here to support you every step of the way, no matter what." Sherlock placed a kiss to the top of John's head and maneuvered them until they were laying down again with John's head resting on his shoulder.
John starting pumping his hands down as if Sherlock was doing the movement. "Yes, oh, yes! Oh, Sherlock..." He bucked his hips up to meet and tightened his hands. "I'm...using both my hands to pretend it's your-
John followed Sherlock, trying to keep up, but he was a fast runner with those damn long legs. Luckily (or unluckily) he finally found him curled up on the floor, having another episode. He felt like he might cry himself to see Sherlock this way again. How was he going to get through to him this time? Kneeling down next to him, John tried to stop his rocking and hug him. "Come on, Sherlock, please...You know that I love you so much."
Just the sound of his lover's voice crying out brought Sherlock to his own orgasm. He released deep inside of John, hips jerking forward with each spurt of cum. "Fuck...
Sherlock smiled deviously, "Oh don't worry, love. I intend to take
"You'll have to hold on for a little longer, love." John pulled back and laced their fingers together. "Shall we dance some more?"
Sherlock hummed, "yes, I agree... But it's you that makes me hot in the first place," he said and chuckled. "We can start looking for a flat soon... Oh, that reminds me. Dad said that we're meeting with the lawyer on Friday after school. Do you want to spend the weekend with me again?" He hugged his pillow closer and buried his face in it.
After a few moments Sherlock collapsed, dizzy and breathless. They ended up on the ground, Sherlock hovering over John. When he caught his breath and stopped laughing, he smiled brightly down at John and brushed the hair away from his face. "You're so beautiful," he whispered and kissed him lightly. "How long can you stay?"
Sherlock groaned and pulled on John's hips, bending him over. He proceeded to slick his fingers with his saliva and stuck one of them inside of the other boy's entrance. "You're so fucking sexy," he growled, leaning forward to kiss his lover's lower back.
... Fuck!" Sherlock moaned and clutched at his lover's back as he pounded into him, reaching the right angle to hit his prostate dead on. This was just the most incredible thing he'd ever experienced. Sex with John was the only thing that ever made him feel this alive, feel this
Sherlock walked to the witness box, taking deep breaths. The usher stood with him as he took the oath and soon he was seated. Ms. Rodin approached the stand and have Sherlock a small smile before beginning. "Sherlock, tell the court when it all started."
Sherlock shrugged, "not really, no... I just don't see the point. It messes with my thought process and I don't like not being able to focus."
John squeezed Sherlock's hands gently. "He does like you. He's just still getting used to things I guess." He released Sherlock's hands so that he could wrap his arms around the other boy. "I'm going to tell him what happened with Moran. And if he blames you for it, then I guess he's not the man I thought he was."
Sherlock stroked his fingers through John's hair for a few moments and sighed happily. "We had probably better head back in before they start looking for us," he said softly. He lifted his fiancé's head and kissed him lovingly before opening the door to the limo and stepping out. He started buttoning his shirt back up, sticking his tongue out a little as he concentrated.
Sherlock scrunched his nose up as John licked it and chuckled softly. He took a handful of cake and smashed it in his husband's face. He laughed at John's expression for a little while, then leaned in to lick the side of his face. "The cake is good," he said cheekily and grinned.
Sherlock smiled, "yes, my parents wanted us to enjoy ourselves. Hence the fancy limo, champagne and the venue of course..." He started to pour the champagne but caught the look on John's face.
John had to keep his eyes closed as the world was spinning, but he had a smile on his face. He opened them once Sherlock had kissed him and smiled back at the other boy. "I don't have anything going on today. I'll stay as long as you like." He pulled Sherlock down for another quick kiss, finding his lips just couldn't get enough contact with his.
John paled at the sight of the gun, but he didn't back down. Moran wouldn't really...would he? "I didn't ruin anything. You ruined it for yourself. You didn't have to beat on me or Sherlock, but you did. And just because you can't deal with the consequences doesn't mean that you have to take it out on us."
Sherlock sighed, he'd never felt this happy with anyone before and never had he wanted to protect someone an take care of someone as much has he felt with John. He grinned and chuckled as John placed the crown of flowers on his head. "Thank you," he said and kissed John on the neck.
John blushed at Sherlock's admission, wondering what he had in store for him. He looked up at the other boy and smiled. "I love you, too." He kissed the underside of Sherlock's jaw tenderly.
John tried to be as reassuring for Sherlock as possible while they were in the car, smiling back and rubbing his thumb over the back of his fiance's hand. When they finally came face to face with their lawyer, John smiled at her and shook her hand, waiting for Sherlock to do the same before he gently pulled him over to the table. He sat down side by side with Sherlock, keeping a tight hold to make sure that Sherlock knew he was there for him.
John was a little annoyed with himself that he needed help, but he let Sherlock assist him only as much as he needed. When they were in the car and Mycroft asked where to go, he shrugged a little. "I don't know. I guess I should go home." He looked to Sherlock, reluctant to leave him. "But you know, Da should be working so maybe if you want to come over for a bit," he said with a smirk.
John cried out with each thrust as his whole body was rocked with pleasure. He looked at the mirror again, seeing that Sherlock was staring at them in the glass, and he found he really liked the picture of dominance they created. He pushed back to meet Sherlock, wanting him deeper.
Mr. Watson grinned to see Sherlock helping John with the dishes. "Thank you. You're welcome to come back for more whenever you like." He clapped the two of them on the shoulders as they stood at the sink. "Well, boys, I'll be in the living room if you need anything. Though I'm pretty sure that you'll be fine on your own, right?" He winked at John, making him blush.
"We have...
John couldn't help a sound of his own. Watching Sherlock succumb to his minstrations was incredibly hot. He moved his hand faster, pumping the entire length and trying to get Sherlock to moan like that again.
John smiled a little in fascination at Sherlock's first words, but after the pause he paled and his eyes went wide. He swallowed after Sherlock was done, heart threatening to burst from his chest. However, Sherlock didn't seem to be bothered by it; he was just stating facts, and damn he was good at it. John relaxed, only marginally, letting out a nervous chuckle. "No, you don't frighten me," he said quietly. "But you're absolutely right. I've never been attracted to a boy before. You're the first." He blushed furiously, casting his eyes down. "And it looks like I was right too, because that was fantastic. You're brilliant." John looked back up at Sherlock and smiled faintly. He didn't know what was going to happen, and it made him nervous and excited all at once.
"No. They knocked him unconscious." John swallowed, trying to keep his cool.
Sherlock hummed in agreement and moved forward to grab onto John's hips, kissing the top of his shoulder. "Yeah, I don't think I could spare another drop." He chuckled and rested his chin on the other boy's shoulder.
Sherlock moaned softly as he came closer and closer to the edge. One final thrust into his prostate brought him hurtling over and he came with a loud gasp. For a moment, Sherlock felt as if their very souls were one, colliding as he came down from his orgasmic high.
John thought back to that day, trying to remember what dumb excuse Sebastian had given him. "He said something like, 'Freak thinks he's better than us'. That's how he refers to Sherlock." He felt a flare of anger at the thought and squeezed Sherlock's hand again, perhaps a bit too hard.
He tried to be comforted by Sherlock's arms around him as he thought about the reaction he might get from his father. Hopefully things turned out alright. He didn't want to have to make the choice between Sherlock and his father, because he already knew that he would choose Sherlock and that would break his father for sure.
"It's okay, I like watching you sleep," Sherlock said and smiled at John. "Besides, I think you more than deserve some rest." He lifted his hand to run his fingers softly through John's hair, massaging his scalp lightly. He started humming the song he had begun writing for John that morning, trying to soothe him to sleep.
John finally pulled his fingers out, grabbing the bottle of lube to slick his cock. Hovering over Sherlock, John positioned himself at Sherlock's entrance, feeling his aching arousal desperate to be inside of his lover. This was the most special of all his previous times because it was with someone that he really and truly loved.
Sherlock pouted, "I'm fine... but beginning to wonder if Myc is trying to steal you away." He pulled John so that he was laying in bed with him and kissed him passionately, "he better not be... because you're
..." His hips rocked up, meeting Sherlock's hand as he felt heat building in his lower region.
John made his way down Sherlock's body, nipping, sucking, licking, kissing. He wanted to hit every inch of his lover's skin with something. Where his mouth couldn't reach his hands roamed, trailing ghosting touches or pausing in spots to massage the skin.
, he thought and chuckled to himself. "Oh... well... it's very nice to meet you, John," Irene said, obviously thrown off. She smiled seductively at Sherlock, "I thought you weren't even interested in a relationship, Sherlock," she cooed. Sherlock sighed, "I wasn't... but then I met John and we just instantly clicked." He smiled at his fiance and leaned in to peck him on the cheek.
John made a soft sound against Sherlock's lips, hands tangling into his hair. After a moment he pulled back, an innocent smile on his face. "Let's go." He climbed onto the bike and waited for Sherlock to get on behind him before starting the bike.
Sherlock looked up at John with tears in his eyes, "do you have any idea what I would go through if anything bad were to happen to you? If you were killed? It would destroy me..." he whispered. "I can't lose you, John, and I can't live without you. Ever."
, Mycroft?"
"I was hoping I could find another job before I had to tell you, but nothing seems to be working. I didn't want to upset you." Finally he looked at John and put his hand on his son's shoulder. "Look, John, you know that with that job we were merely scraping by. Now...I don't think we'll be able to stay here."
"Ohhh, John...
Sherlock could tell that John was nervous and pulled him in, resting one hand on his hip and clasping their other hands together. "Just relax," he said softly and pulled him even closer, "and follow my lead."
"Well..." John looked up at Sherlock and he knew he couldn't hide it. He hadn't thought their announcement would happen like this, but it was too late now. "Sherlock, um...proposed. And I said yes."
Sherlock smiled and shook Mr. Watson's hand in return, "you are quite welcome." He wrapped his arms around John when he turned to him and rested his cheek on the top of his head. "No one's going to tear us apart, yeah? I love you, John and I'm here to take care of you, no matter what it takes." He pulled back and cupped his fiance's cheek, looking into his eyes and smiling, "I told you I keep my promises."
in the showers." His brow furrowed and he wrung his hands together in front of him.
Sherlock smiled and followed behind John, keeping him close the whole way downstairs. They probably looked a little funny walking through the door and he smiled at John's father as he came into view.
Sherlock jumped into the shower and pulled John in after him, pressing him flush against his own body, water cascading down on both of them. "God... I want you inside me," he breathed and attacked his fiancé's mouth with fervour.
John laughed and squirmed as he was covered in cake, and when Sherlock finally stopped he smiled up at him cheekily. "I know. Very lucky." He leaned up and started eating the cake off of his husband. "Maybe we could take some with us, and I'll eat it off other places of your body," he murmured.
Sherlock grinned up at his lover, "Hmm... I wonder what we can do to occupy our time?" There was a sparkle of mischief in his eye as he looked John up and down.
"Oh, fuck, Sherlock..." He put a hand out to Sherlock's bedside table, searching without turning for the condoms because he couldn't take his eyes off of the other boy. Finally he found the box, grabbed one, and ripped it open, whimpering as he rolled it on.
Sherlock adjusted himself and tilted his head back a little, opening his throat up more for his lover to thrust into. He ran his tongue along the slit of John's cock, gathering the precum and swallowing around his length. His hands were tightly clasped behind his back, as Sherlock himself was becoming slightly turned on by this whole scenario. He knew he'd be fully aroused again by now if it were possible.
Sherlock wrapped the towel around John's shoulders as he came out of the shower and gave him a kind of backwards hug before releasing him to finish drying off. "I have to say I feel a lot better about you going to school now that Moran won't be there."
John was glad that Sherlock would be staying close to him because the moment he stepped out of the limo he was in awe. They were at a castle, a real castle! He shouldn't have been that surprised really considering that Sherlock's house was already like a castle on the inside. But not on the outside, not like this.
Sherlock whimpered and bit his lip, trying to stay as quiet as he could. It was becoming increasingly difficult to restrain himself from just crying out. He started whispering his lover's name like a prayer, bucking his hips up into his hand.
Sherlock smiled sadly, "Yes, I'm so sorry you had to go through that. If it was up to me, I would have been right there with you on your first day back." He sighed and pulled John closer, burying his face in the other boy's neck. "Mmm... you smell so good," he mumbled sleepily.
Sherlock nodded, "thank you." He walked swiftly through the flat and into John's room, his heart breaking at the sight of him. He instantly ran over and wrapped his arms around his fiancé, pressing kisses on his head. "Shhh... It's okay love, it'll all be alright."
. He focused on John's lips, stretched around his cock and moaned.
Sherlock locked lips with John again, kissing him deeply as he moved his hips up until he was able to feel the tip of John's cock pressing against his entrance. He groaned into the kiss as he pushed down, encasing John's entire length inside of him up to the hilt. After a few moments, he started rocking his hips hard and fast, trying to get his lover to the right angle to be pounding into his prostate with every thrust.
John kissed him back and returned the smile as they pulled away. "Well, we are pretty adorable," he teased, poking Sherlock in the nose. He felt good. In spite of the one bump in the road, this night had turned out nicely.
Ms. Rodin sighed in relief, "okay, all right... good. Now..." she cleared her throat, "when he pulled the gun out, you said you tried to reason with him. What did you say?"
Sherlock patted the back of John's hand soothingly and half smiled at him. Helen nodded and took more notes, "okay, now... Tell me about the events leading up to the second attack on Sherlock."
wasn't a bride.
John shook his head, taking Sherlock's hands away. "No, I'm not taking any chances. You'll be in more pain than pleasure, and if you move the wrong way your stitches might open." He took one of Sherlock's hands and kissed the palm, then kissed each fingertip. "Don't worry, you'll be better before you know it."
John flushed a little in guilt. That was just the thing; he hadn't. "No, I didn't."
John was ready for a good snog when the knock interrupted them. A younger sounding voice told them dinner was ready and he knew it must be Sherlock's older brother. He suddenly felt a bit nervous. Sherlock didn't care that he wasn't wealthy, but would his family feel the same? They might think that Sherlock shouldn't be associating with someone so below his status. He took Sherlock's hand as he got off the bed but held back for a second. "Sherlock..." he started. "What if they don't like me?"
Sherlock groaned as John's finger penetrated him, remembering how amazing this could be from the last time John had fingered him... had it been just this morning? Didn't matter, this was...
Sherlock shivered and shook his head. "N-not at all, love," he said and forced a smile. He didn't move or turn his head because he knew if he did, his self control would shatter completely.
Sherlock shook his head, "I don't want it to be any person... I want it to be
John was about to say no, but then he looked at Sherlock with a smirk. "Yes, Doctor Sherlock, I could use some medicine but I don't want you to leave this bed. Your lips will have to do." He leaned in and pressed his lips to Sherlock's, parting them to lock together.
"I'll make sure to speak French more often then," Sherlock breathed. He let out all the moans and groans he had to hold in on the plan ride. "Je veux que tu me fasses l'amour", Sherlock murmured. He reached down and started taking John's pants off. "In case you need a translation..." he whispered against his lover's lips, "I just said I want you to make love to me."
John shook his head. "No, no. I have to fix this." He was the one who had caused it, he could snap him out of it...Couldn't he? "Sherlock, wake up. Please!" John shook him slightly, but the glazed look remained. "Sherlock? Come on, Sherlock!" He kissed him again, getting frantic.
Sherlock jumped at the touch of John's lips to his, eyes popping open, still unseeing, and he scooted back until he was backed up against the log. He pulled his knees to his chest and buried his face in them much like he did the other day.
Sherlock smiled, "that's good." They spent the rest of the day talking about all sorts of things and exchanging lazy kisses every now and then. When the sun started to set, Sherlock led John back out of the woods and out in front of the house. "Are you sure you can't stay another night? There's plenty of room in my bed, you know," Sherlock smirked and leaned down to nip at John's earlobe.
would be very easily heard. It was bad enough that his father looked at him funny that morning, probably because of their wanking session the night before.
Sherlock raised his head and smiled at John, "like I said... You smell good." He leaned down and started placing soft kisses to every ticklish spot he could remember on his fiancé's neck, speaking in between kisses. "I... Love... You... More... Than... Anything."
John rubbed his thumbs over Sherlock's skin, quirking his mouth. "I think I am. It's just one step closer to putting that bastard away."
John's previous tears returned full force and he turned to Sherlock immediately after he had heard the sentence. Finally, they were safe. He wrapped his arms tightly around his fiance, burying his face into his shoulder. They won. It hadn't gone the way they thought it had, but they won.
John kissed Sherlock in return, forgetting all about the soreness of his injuries. In fact, he was feeling nearly one hundred percent better, and he knew it was because of Sherlock. He made a soft sound into Sherlock's lips and tilted his head a little as they kissed.
He had put on his nicest outfit, which wound up being just a jumper with a button down shirt underneath and some jeans. His father was home from work, and John was surprised he had managed to get off for something like this. But he was glad. He wanted everything to be perfect tonight, and having his father there was a big plus.
Sherlock followed him, straddling his waist and managing to latch onto his tongue before it retreated and chase it back into his mouth. He kissed John deeply for a few moments before moving to his jaw and kissing his way down his neck. He moved further down until he swiped his tongue along John's nipple and winked up at him before pulling the duvet over his head.
John stood with Sherlock, locking his fingers in place. The judge stepped in and up to his seat in front of the court, motioning for everyone to sit again. This was it. John's heart was pounding hard in his chest. He glanced back to seats where Mr. and Mrs. Holmes and his father were sitting, and then to Sherlock for one last look of support. Now it was only a matter of time before they called for his testimony.
"That's true," John said. "We do have a strong connection. Two halves of one whole." He smiled up at his husband as they continued to sway to the music, ignoring the rest of the guests in favour of getting lost in Sherlock's eyes.
"Shh, shh, I've got you. He's not here and he can't hurt you." John kept a tight hold on Sherlock, rocking him gently and kissing all over his face. "I love you, so much, and I will never let him hurt you again."
He looked over at John and furrowed his brow, "let me guess... when you found him, you tried to embrace him, didn't you?"
did he love the feel of John underneath him. He moaned and let his head crane back, giving his boyfriend more access to his long neck. Soon the movements of his hips got more frantic and he reached down to grab onto his lover's sides, pulling him into harder thrusts.
John glared at her back as he left, ignoring her little extra movements as he was sure that she was trying to goad him. He turned back to Sherlock and sighed. "Well. I can see why you're so annoyed by her. And she wasn't even trying to come on to me."
John turned into Sherlock, returning the embrace and burying his face in the taller boy's shoulder. "I don't know, Sherlock. He just looked so...disappointed and he couldn't even look at me." He looked up at Sherlock, tears brimming in his eyes. This was more than just his father not approving of Sherlock. This was potentially his disapproval of John and who he was.
John jumped, instantly flushing and hoping no one had seen that. He glared at Sherlock as they made it to the car park. "You started it, Mr. Ear-Nibbler." He flicked Sherlock on the nose and then opened the car door.
John sighed, pulling Sherlock into his arms. "It's alright. Though I wish you had, because then maybe I wouldn't have been stupid enough to follow Mary." He pulled back to wipe his fiance's tears.
John smiled, kissing him back. "I love you, too, my heart and my life." He gazed at Sherlock in silence for a moment, memorising him, and then reluctantly got out of the car. He headed into the flat with one last wave.
"Don't worry. There's much more where that came from." John smiled and snuggled against his boyfriend. "I would have to agree there. I'm thoroughly spent now, and I'm quite comfortable with you as a pillow." He closed his eyes, humming softly in content.
Mary saw John running and approached him, "John! What's going on? Where's Sherlock?" she asked, frowning and looking around.
... So tight," he whimpered. Once he was fully seated inside his lover, he leaned forward to give him slow, languid kisses in an attempt to calm them both down. He wanted this to last more than just a few seconds.
John lifted his face a little, but not all that way. "I don't know. I think a lot of guys are scared of it, gay or straight or whatever. I mean, technically it's not 'natural' and I read more than once that it really hurt and could be dangerous."
Sherlock continued to rut desperately against his lover and whimpered into the kiss. He reached back and slid one of his own fingers into his fiance's arse and thrust it in and out at the same pace of his hips.
Sherlock smiled as tears fell down his cheeks, happy tears this time. He kissed John and held him close, "John Watson, I promise to love you as long as I live. You are the most amazing, kind, handsome person I have ever met. I am so lucky to have you," he cupped his boyfriend's cheek and smiled lovingly at him.
John hummed, stroking Sherlock's head again. "Well, once we're out of school. We can get a nice little flat together. Just you and I." He kissed the tip of Sherlock's nose. "Would you want to live in a flat, though? I know you're accostomed to more...upscale living."
Sherlock nodded, "of course, I'd love to," he said and helped him rearrange the wires and blankets so they could both fit in the bed together. He slid his arm under John's head and laid it on his shoulder, wrapping his arm around him.
John rode to school, part of his dreading it. Another week without Sherlock, another week of whispered accusations. He hadn't been fully honest with him about how bad it was. Peolle not only claimed that he had done something to Sherlock, but also that he had done something to Sebastian. No one seemed to have, or believe, the real story. He sighed as he walked into school and sat down in class, ignoring the stares and mutters.
Sherlock let out the breath that he was holding and relaxed. He smiled at Mr. Watson. "Thank you," he said, not really knowing what else could be said. He was very happy that John's father didn't blame anyone but Moran for the attack.
John shot an apology to the people that Sherlock was bowling over in his haste. "No, but you have to remember you have longer legs!" He nearly had to leap with each step to keep up with his frantic husband. "Calm down, Sherlock, we've got plenty of time."
Despite Sherlock nudging John to the side repeatedly as they played, he still managed to win. Sherlock backed away and sighed, "I totally just let you beat me," he grumbled and put on a fake pout.
John had Sherlock pinned to the wall and ground into him as they kissed. He already was trailing a hand down towards Sherlock's arse, the water of the shower making for an easy lubricant. His fingers trailed into the cleft of his arse, teasing him open.
Sherlock walked into the kitchen after John, standing beside him at the sink. He grabbed a dish towel off the counter to dry off the dishes as the other boy cleaned them. "Dinner was very good, Mr. Watson," he said over his shoulder.
The judge nodded and looked at the papers in front of him for a moment before looking up at Ms. Rodin. "Is the prosecution ready to present their case?" Helen stood and smoothed out her skirt, "we are, your honour. I call the first witness, John Watson to the stand."
His brother came back to the door with an envelope and handed it to Sherlock. "Now we're even," he said firmly and Sherlock nodded.
John chuckled. "A little while. He's out of practice." Already he couldn't bring himself to open his eyes again, they were so heavy.
"I'll be fine, just a headache," he lied, "you should go to school, no reason for you to miss just because of me." He felt his heart clench and pulled away slightly from John's touch. He was hurt that John wouldn't tell his father about him and the likelihood of him ever being introduced to his boyfriend's father didn't look so good.
John pulled his mouth from Sherlock's skin and moved it close to his ear. "I could have fucked you the first time we were in your bed together," he breathed. "You're-ah!...So sexy, it was all I could do to stop myself." He slapped Sherlock's backside and thrust harder. "Oh, fuck...You're mine, Sherlock. No one gets to have you like this but me."
"You and I are never going to get bored, I'm sure." John smiled and looked into Sherlock's eyes. He brought a hand up to caress his cheek, leaving it there as he closed his eyes.
John let Mr. Holmes help him into the bed and his head had hardly hit the pillow before he closed his eyes. He was nearly asleep when he felt like he had forgotten something. Forcing his eyes open, he reached over to Sherlock's bed, taking his hand and holding it tightly before he finally let himself fall asleep.
He closed his eyes and rested their foreheads together, desperately wanting to go further than they had before, but unsure if John wanted the same and was ready.
John whined as Sherlock's tongue left, but moaned again when his long finger slipped in its place. God, Sherlock knew just what to do to drive him crazy.
On a hunch, Ms. Rodin spoke up, "permission to re-examine?" The judge shrugged, "I don't see why not, go ahead."
When they were completely nude he and Sherlock started grinding into him, he let out a soft groan and bucked up to meet his boyfriend. He clutched at Sherlock's hips, keeping him in place so that their hardened arousals could bump together again and again. Then he gently hooked a leg around Sherlock's waist, using it to help flip them over so Sherlock was on his back beneath him.
Sherlock growled and turned them so John's back was pressed against the wall of the hot tub and he was settled between his lover's legs. He swiftly pulled down both of their shorts and rutted desperately against John.
John kissed him back, caressing Sherlock's cheek. "Don't thank me, it's my job." He smiled at his fiancé and gave him another chaste kiss.
Sherlock blushed and smiled, "John is amazing," he said, "I honestly can't live without him." Sherlock's mother beamed at them, "they are certainly quite a fetching couple, reminds me of Siger and I when we were dating." She reached over and took her husband's hand.
Sherlock grinned and turned until he was hovering over his lover, "Yes, I have turned you into quite the little deviant, hmm?" He leaned down and captured John's lips in another kiss, sliding their tongues together nice and slow.
The increased tightness around his cock and the sight of John coming apart caused Sherlock's own orgasm. He came deep inside of his lover and screamed John's name. When he was finally milked of all he had, he let his head fall back, panting.
John whined as the sudden cold hit him. "Bloody git. Fine, I'll get up." He rolled off the bed and stretched before smacking Sherlock's bare arse. "Too bad we don't have extra time. Taking a shower without getting turned on is going to be difficult." He walked into the bathroom and turned the water on.
John's smile faltered a little as he remembered that the private dance was what got them into this in the first place. But the way Sherlock was talking, it seemed like he didn't even remember it, or when they got separated. "I love you, too, Sherlock," he murmured, rubbing his thumb over his fiance's cheek.
Sherlock stood and took Mr. Watson's hand, gripping it firmly, "of course," he said and smiled, "always." He sat down next to his boyfriend again once John's father left and kissed his forehead. "Do you need me to get you anything, love?" he murmured and smiled lovingly at him.
"Wait, what? What girl?" John asked, a flare of jealousy boiling in his stomach.
John gasped, gripping the sheets as he tried not to climax then and there. It stung a bit, but the pleasure far outweighed and discomfort. He kissed Sherlock back, whimpering into his mouth as he felt so full with his lover inside. And when Sherlock finally started to move, he moaned loudly and pushed down to meet him. "Sh-Sher...oh,
Sherlock dried himself off and took John's hand when they were both dry. He led them back to his bedroom and arranged them on the bed so that they were facing each other, legs tangled loosely. He sighed and reached out to run his fingers through his lover's hair. "My father told me something earlier tonight... It concerns both of us, but I told him that I wanted to be the one to tell you," he murmured, brow furrowed in concentration.
Sebastian's grin got wider, "you're right, I don't... But I do have this." He lifted his hand and pointed a gun at them. Sherlock's breath caught and he grabbed onto John's arm. Moran's face transformed into a snarl, "You ruined... everything!" he shouted, "You know I lost my scholarship because of you? Oh yeah! No Uni, no rugby,
"When you arrived back, was Sherlock fighting back? Was he trying to get away?" Helen asked, looking over at the boy in question for a moment before turning her attention back to John.
John laughed and went back to the bed, sitting on the edge. "Feeling any better, lovey?" he asked, smiling down at the other boy. "You're adorable, by the way."
John gave a watery smile and bent to kiss Sherlock once. "I know. I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have left with her. It just hadn't occured to me that she was a distraction so they could get to you." He bit his lip against the tears that just wouldn't stop. "I could never run away from you, Sherlock. No matter what happens, I promise I'll always be there for you. But you have to trust me, ok? Even if everyone tells you differently, I will always love you."
"Oh... Oh God... I'm... yes!" Sherlock cried out as his fingers hit his prostate dead on. His whole body was shaking with his release and he came so hard that some landed on his chin.
John had no intention of leaving Sherlock's side for a good few days, so he was very glad that his father had plans of his own for the weekend. Hamish would have let John stay anyway as he knew the boys needed each other to recuperate from this whole ordeal.
Sherlock finally stopped shaking and the voices were growing quieter, but he still worried about whether John was going to stay. He looked up and locked gazes with the shorter boy. "Please... don't. Don't leave me," he whispered, tears starting to fall again. "I'm sorry... I'm so sorry." He desperately needed John to stay, more than he ever needed anyone and if it meant he had to push aside his deeper feelings for him, he would.
John grinned up at Mr. Holmes. "Not at all, sir. Take your time." He watched them go, wondering idly what Sherlock's father might be saying to him.
let that happen again."
After applying probably the tenth layer of lip balm in the past fifteen minutes, Sherlock heard the organ start to play. He nodded for the usher to open the door and made his way down the aisle. He had refused to carry a bouquet, finding it a bit silly since he
Sherlock groaned, he'd already established that hearing his lover talk during sex turned him on. It sent pleasure through his body like nothing else could. He tilted his head back, exposing the pale flesh of his neck.
"He started yelling at us that we had ruined his life because he got expelled and lost his Uni scholarship, which was thanks to the attack on me. I tried to tell him that it wasn't our fault that he couldn't deal with the consequences of his actions, but he just started screaming at us that we were freaks. And then..."
..." Sherlock moaned and bucked into John's hand. "I love being inside you, you're so fucking tight." He connected their mouths again, stroking his lover's tongue with his own as his hands worked to help pull his trousers and pants down his hips.
"Sherlock doesn't eat much," John said, pushing his own food around on the plate. Mr. Watson just nodded a little. John now felt like he couldn't finish eating either and he bit his lip. Should he try to explain to his father what had really happened? Would he say that Sherlock wasn't worth the trouble and tell him to stop seeing him? He couldn't risk that.
John ate happily, the food and dessert just as incredible as at the Holmes residence. Then the music started and the dance floor was open. Suddenly he felt like his meal might make a second appearance. Before he could say anything, Sherlock was asking to dance, and John looked down at his offered hand in horror. "Um...I don't know. I just ate. I should digest a little," he said as an excuse. Dear God, he was going to wind up making a fool of himself after all.
John tilted his head back to look up at Sherlock. "This isn't really dancing. This is moving to the beat of a song." He brought both his hands up to brush briefly through Sherlock's curls. "Anything more formal than this and I wouldn't be so good."
"Again," John said, looking up at him with a stoic face. "I was only living here for a week. I was
John kissed him back, making a soft sound. He leaned up so that he could press in further to the kiss, and as they pulled away, his eyes were sparkling. "You're very welcome, love," he said, wiping his tears away.
"That's it... just like that," Sherlock murmured, nipping John's earlobe. "Now slide your thumb over the slit. I know how much you like that," he whispered. He cast his eyes down to watch his lover pleasure himself, loving every moment.
Sherlock groaned and threw his head back, "more...
Sherlock grabbed most of the bags and walked to the door, opening it and setting the luggage inside. He turned around and smirked at John before scooping him up in his arms and carrying him over the threshold.
As Sherlock's fingers touched his face, John felt a tingling sensation and he swallowed a little nervously, shaking his head. "No, it's alright. And, um, thank you," he said, in regard to the praise. He didn't know if he should ask Sherlock about his dating history. If Sherlock didn't have friends then he probably hadn't had girlfriends. Or boyfriends, whichever he preferred. "You could get someone, too, I'll bet. You're pretty handsome yourself," he admitted. "You're nice from what I've seen of you so far. And I'm going to guess by the chemistry set over there that you're pretty intelligent too, or at least good at science."
"Enough!" the judge said firmly.
"I told you, love, it takes as long as it takes." John grinned up at him and sat up to stretch. He folded their blanket up and waited for the plane to stop. As they descended he could see the tip of the Eiffel Tower in the distance and couldn't help the excitement bubbling inside of him.
"Brilliant!" Sherlock exclaimed, blushing as soon as he said it.
Sherlock cleared his throat, "well... he um, did come up to me at lunch." Helen raise her eyebrow,
Sherlock closed his eyes and focused on the sounds that John was making. He slowly stuck his tongue in deeper, curling it to scrape across his inner walls. Sherlock himself was enjoying this, loving the feel of it and how much it was pleasuring his lover.
"Well..." Mr. Watson took a deep breath before continuing. "Because I ran off, I wound up...losing my job."
Sherlock swallowed as fast as John came, moaning as he finished down his throat. Once his lover was done, he licked him clean and pulled up his pants and trousers for him as he stood.
Inside the room, John felt tears welling in his eyes again. He took the chair that was closest to the bed, gingerly taking Sherlock's limp hand in both of his and kissing it. And to think Sherlock had said this wasn't the first time he'd been like this. John closed his eyes and bowed his head, keeping hold of Sherlock's hand as if he might disappear if he didn't.
Mr. Tabling pursed his lips, "but you sat with him at lunch, you even agreed to come hang out with him one day after school. We have several witnesses that can attest to that." He nodded over to the rugby players sitting among the other people watching the trial.
yes... S-so do you, John..." Sherlock breathed and snapped his hips up to meet his lover's thrusts. "God, you look so good bouncing on my cock. I love that I'm the only one who's ever had you like this." He moaned loudly and threw his head back.
John was extremely lucky that he was alive. The way Moran had pounded on him... He could feel the nightmares coming on already. He looked up at Sherlock, just glad to be able to see his face, and be with him.
Sherlock pouted and followed John out the door, staying silent. He grabbed his jacket from his room and threw it on, shoving his hands in the pockets. He opened the car door for John and got in on the other side, looking out the window as they drove away.
When John started jerking his arms around, Sherlock tried to grab them and hold him still. He put his mouth right up to John's ear, "John, it's me. It's Sherlock... Wake up, okay? Please wake up," he whispered.
"Only when you're with me... Can't have those girls at the party gawking at your beautiful body," Sherlock murmured against his lover's skin. As if to prove a point, he latched onto John's shoulder, biting lightly and sucking to leave a mark. His hands traveled down to the other boy's arse and squeezed both cheeks.
John kissed him back, holding tightly to him. Sherlock was all he had right now. "Thank you, Sherlock." He rested his head on Sherlock's chest and closed his eyes. "Just give me a minute to calm down and we can go. I don't want to drive with my eyes all blurry." He stayed there with Sherlock, willing the tears away and steadying his breathing. Once he felt like he was alright, he pulled back and nodded once before getting on the bike.
Sherlock moaned around John's cock and took him all the way to the back of his throat in one go. After he felt his lover's arse muscles finally relax, he pushed his finger in and started working it in and out. He went slowly at first, then sped up a little and after a few strokes he added a second finger and started crooking them, trying to find John's prostate.
yes... But don't think this is the only time I'll want you tonight," he smiled and winked up at John. "Right now though... I want you to ride me," he breathed and grabbed tightly to his fiancé's hips, pulling him into a slow grind.
Sherlock smiled and nodded, "I think so, yes." He led his husband out onto the dance floor and pulled him in, settling one hand on the small of his back and grasping the other one with his free hand. "I don't think I'll ever get tired of dancing with you," he said and started swaying them to the music.
cornered
Sherlock shrugged and smiled at Mary, "sure, I don't see why not."
There was a slight pain in his hips from the movement but he ignored it as with a few more upward thrusts he was reaching his climax. He cried out, Sherlock's name somewhere within a string of noises. As he felt the last of his pleasure wash through him, he laid back and panted.
Sherlock waved until John was out of sight then sighed, shoving his hands into his coat pockets and heading back down the stairs. He got into the car with Mycroft, staring out the window the entire ride home.
John caught Sherlock, a little more slowly than he usually might have. "Are you okay?" he asked, tilting Sherlock's face up. He could see the bags under his eyes, which probably matched his own.
Sherlock groaned and arched his back, his nails digging into the palms of his hands. "God... You're amazing," he breathed. John's mouth on his cock was one of his favourite sensations ever, he couldn't believe he'd never done anything with another bloke before. John was a natural.
"Oh God..." Sherlock whispered and looked down at his fiancé settled between his legs. He swallowed and his pupils dilated at the sight. Even though John was still completely clothed, he looked
John's father grinned at Sherlock. "Thank you, that sounds wonderful." Just then, Mr. Watson's mobile rang. "Excuse me," he said, answering it. "Hello? Oh, yes, I'm sorry. My son...Well, yes but...He was taken to the hospital!" Not wanting to upset John while he was still in bad shape, he left the room to finish the conversation.
John could just barely feel that Sherlock was there, but it wasn't enough to wake him. His nightmare shifted to complete darkness where he could only just barely make out the form of Sherlock far in the distance. But no matter how fast he ran he couldn't reach him.
... Oh shit."
John groaned and clutched at Sherlock's shoulders. He was glad for the short pause, giving him a moment to get used to the feeling of being so stretched. As Sherlock started moving, John laid back a bit and enjoyed the feeling of his lover sliding in and out of his body. "Yes...oh, Sherlock..."
..." He was nearing the edge, the heat bubbling in the pit of his stomach. "Just a little more...
John pouted a little when Sherlock didn't seem to be reacting. He continued to wash downward, passing over the curve of his arse and to his legs, spending just longer on his thighs than the rest of them. Yes, he had said for Sherlock to keep his hands off. But he never made a stipulation for himself.
Sherlock nodded at John, grateful for the comfort he was giving. "When I told him that I was still a virgin, he laughed and grinned at me. He said that he wanted to be the first one... that he would break me of it." He frowned and his brow furrowed as tears started to fall, "then he motioned for two of the rugby players to push me down on my knees and hold me there. I tried to escape, but every time I started to struggle, he would hit me."
He rolled his eyes with a soft chuckle before giving Sherlock another quick kiss. "She was a bloody awful kisser too. Smushed her lips up against me. I'm pretty sure her lipstick rubbed off." Sure enough, when John swiped the back of his hand over his mouth, it came back with a faint red stain.
John's sleep wasn't peaceful either. He started to dream about the trial, and that no matter what they said, the court wouldn't put Moran away. He tossed and turned and thought about calling Sherlock, but he didn't want to wake him.
John was already half-hard just from watching. He smacked Sherlock's arse as it was presented to him and hummed in satisfaction. "You are so sexy, Sherlock Holmes." He grabbed the other boy's hips and pulled him down. "Dance in my lap," he breathed, leaning up to say it right behind his ear.
John nodded slowly, making the connection between Sherlock's last name and the name of the street. Maybe it was just a coincidence...Maybe. He climbed onto the bike, wishing that he had a helmet so that he could offer it to Sherlock, but he didn't even wear one himself. He patted the spot behind him and smiled charmingly at Sherlock. "I'll be careful, I promise," he said, winking at him. What was going on? He was almost flirting with him.
"That's
John smirked and slid his hand up, cupping Sherlock's crotch, all the while still pleasuring his neck. He let his palm press harder onto the other man, now realising why Sherlock had enjoyed doing this to him so much.
Sherlock groaned and tightened his grip on their cocks, "Oh,
Sherlock frowned and focused on the spot above John's ear, "I just don't know if I'm ready to relive that day... they'll be asking us about every detail. Every single one. Even the other encounters with him. Dad said..." Sherlock swallowed, "if I testify, they may ask me about how it all started... even before I met you."
Sherlock sighed and smiled in relief. He honestly didn't know what he'd done to deserve someone as kind as John, but he was so glad to have him. "I want it to mean something too," he said and pulled John in for another kiss. He started at a knock on his bedroom door. It was Mycroft, letting them know that dinner was served. Sherlock gave John one last quick kiss after Mycroft walked away and helped him down off the bed.
Sherlock tensed and let out a pained cry, balling his hands into fists and hitting John in the chest. In his current state though, the punches didn't do much of anything. "Why? Why would you do that? You promised... and I believed you! How could I have believed you?! How... how
John's sleep was deep, his body and mind both too exhausted to wake for a while. He didn't even dream, which was probably a blessing. It was a while before he finally stirred, feeling much better after having a rest. He opened his eyes, blinking away the final bits of sleep, and turned his face to see..."Sherlock!" John sat up and scrambled closer. "Oh, God, Sherlock!" His eyes filled with tears immediately as he looked over his face.
Sherlock picked up his fork and started eating. "I think what I'm most afraid of is seeing him again. I don't know if I'm ready for that," he said softly.
John moaned at Sherlock's touches, reaching down to undo the buttons on Sherlock's shirt. He broke away from Sherlock's lips to start trailing hot kisses down his lover's neck, grinding down into him. Yes, he had definitely forgotten about where he was because he wasn't trying to hold back anymore.
"Yeah. Only a few months more." John squeezed the pillow, trying to catch a whiff of Sherlock, but he had nothing that held his scent. "A few months of lonely nights..." He sighed and kissed the phone, hoping Sherlock would hear the sound and know he was sending his love.
"Oh, God..." Sherlock breathed and let his head fall back. He bit his lip, trying to stay quiet and a small whimper made it out through his nose.
Sherlock pulled back far enough to look into John's eyes, "Tomorrow will be harder... The way the other lawyer asks the questions is never very kind. But, I'm sure father won't let Ms. Rodin get too carried away..." He was worried for his fiancé and stroked the side of his face, frowning. "I wish I wasn't such a coward and could testify... That way you wouldn't have to face this alone."
John stroked Sherlock through, making sure that he was completely empty before slipping under the blanket and licking Sherlock's release off of his hand. He popped back up, resting his cheek on his husband's shoulder and snuggled close. "How was that?"
"No..." Sherlock shook his head. "It's just..." he sighed and closed his eyes for a moment before shifting onto his side to face John, laying his hand on his boyfriend's hip. "There's something I haven't told you about my past," he averted his eyes, staring at his own hand and stroking his thumb along John's waist, "something I'm not very proud of."
John made a sound between a whimper and a moan when Sherlock started to move. "Sherlock...oh, God..." He nipped at a pale patch of unmarked skin, which was hard to find since he had been very busy marking Sherlock up lately. Already he was getting close, the swell of emotion combined with the incredible sensations of their love-making bringing him to the edge.
Sherlock eagerly took John's finger into his mouth, sucking and licking on it until it was dripping wet. "Now...
John let Sherlock set him in place, tossing his head back with a moan as he was penetrated. But once he had reached the hilt of his lover, he took over, starting to rock his hips and clench his arse around him. "Oh, God yes...You feel so good, Sherlock..."
John obliged, grinding harder into Sherlock with a groan. "Fuck...Oh, Sherlock..." he choked out. "I want to...I want to make love to you," he said softly.
John returned the embrace, closing his eyes in content. "You're very welcome. You deserved it." He pulled away to finish rinsing and then shut the water, stepping out to get towels. He wrapped one around Sherlock and took one for himself.
John cried out, pushing back onto Sherlock's long finger. He could see his face in the mirror, flushed and sweating, and he closed his eyes. "Ohh, Sherlock..." He tried to brace himself on the glass but his hands slipped down, streaking it.
John grinned, putting his face in Sherlock's neck. He kissed and sucked and nipped at his lover's pale skin, wanting to work him up before he touched him. To anyone who was looking, it would seem John was just using his husband for a pillow.
John grinned and went to the snack cart. He grabbed a bottle of cola for himself, some popcorn, and a box of candy. Then he picked a seat and beamed at Sherlock as he waited for him to pick a film.
John smirked as he gazed back at Sherlock. "Don't worry, you'll be the only one who ever gets house calls." He tilted his head up to kiss Sherlock once, long and slow.
John looked up when Ms. Rodin said that they wanted to drop the charge, and he was just as angry as Sherlock, though his fiance had beaten him to saying anything. He couldn't believe that they were willing to ignore the fact that Sebastian had nearly killed Sherlock. And of course, this all came back to the fact that his testimony had gotten weaker the longer he stayed at the bench, which brought John back to feeling guilty.
As soon as they were finished dressing, Sherlock took John's hand and led him outside and down to the pool area. It was a closed in pool with glass walls and a glass roof, the hot tub sitting off to the side and a sauna further back. They had a diving board and a slide, as well as a shed with pool toys and floats in it. Sherlock laid his towel on one of the chairs and went to the steps to start getting in.
John felt Sherlock's body trembling and started to panic. He had to snap him out of this... whatever he was having. John grabbed both of Sherlock's hands where they were clasped around his legs and he leaned forward to speak directly into Sherlock's ear. "Sherlock, listen to me. I'm here. Please talk to me." He hoped that this worked. He didn't know if he'd be able to pull Sherlock out of this episode otherwise.
Lunch went by without further incident, but Sherlock could feel the glare coming from Sebastian a few tables over and he watched as he whispered something into the cheer captain Mary Morstan's ear. She nodded and looked over at them briefly before walking back to her own table.
Sherlock furrowed his brow in concern and laid a hand on John's shoulder. "John? Are you alright, love?" Siger stood from where he was sitting on the desk, "We can take a break if you need to," he offered.
Sherlock grabbed a wash rag and soaped it up, turning to wash John's chest. "Okay, so I'm bending the rule a little... I'm touching you, but not sexually." He grinned and continued to wash his lover's torso, playfully tweaking his nipple through the rag.
John flushed a bit. "Well..."
Sherlock kissed John passionately for a few moments before smirking against his lips, "you asked for it," he murmured and reached down to his sides to begin tickling him. He used his knowledge of John's most sensitive spots and attacked them without mercy.
John's eyes darted around the courtroom, for the first time taking in all the faces watching. He finally rested his eyes on Sherlock, and he could tell by the way that he was moving that he was doing those things for his benefit. It helped him relax a little, and he found himself glued to his fiance as he continued speaking.
"Night, Da." John waved as his father got into his car and drove off. Then he turned to Sherlock and smiled brightly. "That went well I think."
When they had finished cleaning up, John took Sherlock up to his room and pulled him down onto the bed. "You've been good lately with eating. I'm happy." He kissed the side of his neck and smiled.
John kept his tongue inside of his lover, moving his head as best he could from where it was stuck between Sherlock's legs. He finally pulled out, then slipped a finger in his place, sliding it in easily. He brought his face up over Sherlock's cock and licked off the precum before fully engulfing him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and grabbed her wrist, "look... Kenzie. I'm sure you're a very lovely girl when you're sober, but I'm taken and I have no intention of changing that fact. Now if you'll please excuse me..."
Sebastian chuckled, "Aw, come on, John! We're just having a little fun!" He said and smiled, holding his hands out in an attempt to calm John down.
Sherlock led John through the doors and to a long table at the far end of the dining hall. He smiled at all the people that stopped them on their way to wish him a happy birthday and shook their hands, introducing John to all of them. When they finally made it to the table, he pulled out the chair for his fiancé and took a seat next to him.
"No nightmares last night, son?" His father asked and Sherlock looked at him in shock, "How did you...?" Siger raised a hand, "Sherlock, it's hard for me not to notice when you wake up in the middle of the night screaming. I didn't come in because I knew you'd want to be left alone." Sherlock sighed and nodded, "yeah... no nightmares last night," he said softly. He really didn't want John to know just how bad the nightmares were, but he supposed it was too late now.
