“And where exactly is this cottage?”
The conversation in the car never came. The two of them rode back in complete and utter silence.
“Um, yeah, it’s good,” Mrs Hudson says with an unconvincing smile. “Very exciting. All those explosions and guns.”
JOHN:
Look Mycroft, I don’t know what you’re playing at here, but you can’t just lock anyone up without sufficient evidence.
“Right. And where are you thinking for this break?” Sherlock asked, trying not to give away that it did sound appealing to get away for a bit.
The story of the girl in the cafe did actually happen. In Scotland we tend to say "that's you" to mean "that's you finished" or "that's yours". So for instance if a barista was to give you a coffee, they might say "that's you there" to mean "that's your coffee" or if you're paying by card and the payments gone through they might say "that's you" as in "that's you done" so you can take your card out of the machine. I didn't realise this was a thing (orthat is was Scottish) until my dad had friends come up from England and be really confused when after they paid for something, the cashier went "that's you." It's something that we don't even think twice about.
Sherlock, try to stay calm. Don’t do anything rash. She’s a dangerous woman. A very dangerous woman.
(See the end of the chapter for
Free…regrettably.
“Oh, Aunt Hettie, this is my friend Sherlock,” John said quickly before she could jump to the same conclusions as everyone else did.
“Well, why don’t you take a leaf out of his book? Just tell the truth.”
SCOTTISH REFERENCES
I have orders from the highest in the land-
There are so many in this chapter that I don't think I could name them all. I think the best way to do this is that if you are wondering what something means, just ask in the comments and I shall answer.
“There’s been a murder!” John chimed in, again in the awful accent.
“But I have to talk to you all weekend. Isn’t that eno-“ Sherlock stopped mid-sentence as he saw the look John was giving him. It was safe to say that he had to lift his suitcase into the boot by himself.
MYCROFT:
“Do we have to go?”
SCOTTISH REFERENCES
Mycroft, whatever you want it can wait until-
“Idiot,” Sherlock huffed as he took a sip of wine. All this time Aunt Hettie had a big grin on her face as she watched the two men intently.
He stopped talking, wonder of wonders, and stared at me.
An egg. "How did you realise?"
"I found it," he said, "on the day after you hid it."
The bedroom was astonishingly clean. I had never seen it so.
"Pray stop now,
Surely at any moment it was going to - ?
"Well, really, my dear, even I know 'the rings of Cronus' as a literary reference. Your sentimental thinking - "
"I'm sorry," I started to say, but he interrupted me, "Great God! Don't say it again - "
"Your things - are not there."
"You truly - You had no awareness of it? You never knew - "
It was
had happened.
"It was wrong, it was monstrous of me - "
"My letter?"
- when he should by all rights have been preening and crowing - could not but seem ominous.
I made an exasperated noise.
Holmes flew at me and hauled me off the table, onto my feet; I cried out in surprise as he embraced me, and tensed in expectation of agony as my full weight bore down on the wrong leg.
"You apologised to me," he said. "To
"Oh," he said, because just this once he was slower than I was to realise something: My limits of position had been rescinded. I could move however I wanted.
It had
bullet.
My mind spinning uselessly in confusion, I cradled that dark head against me and stared down, eyes moving over the grey scattered there.
I went to the bedroom door - how strange to navigate this familiar room without the familiar walking stick - and had just taken hold of the handle when he said,
hurt.
But it did
I could not even
That letter was intended - he was only ever supposed to read it if -
When I went to sleep on the sofa, I was done-up by a long day - the sort of day that seemed far too full of things to have had only twenty-four hours in it. Holmes was on to some new experimental process and had declined to talk about it, probably because he was uncertain of success, and so I had undertaken some of the legwork - so to speak - for an ongoing case. It was not a very glamourous one, but it earned us a very useful stipend paid by a duchess for whom 'More Money Than Sense' could well have been a family motto. Holmes disdained these concerns, but I could not afford to do so. Miraculous as the things the inventing magician made were, and oh they
"Sherlock," I said, in my quietest, calmest tones, as though I were gentling a horse; "Sherlock - " I stroked my fingers through his hair, waiting patiently, as though this were a thing that happened sometimes and had only to be waited out, like a sudden summer storm.
He showed me his hand, and I could see the indentations of long wear on his ring finger. His own ring was now settled where it should be, but it had left a mark higher up towards the knuckle.
." One hand still on his head, I let the other fall to his shoulder and grasped it firmly. "Pull yourself together.
After a bit I said, "So you read my letter."
I spoke over this, firmly, "-
"The one you left."
Something serious had happened. I was not prepared to grapple with it naked. I opened the bedroom door, took his dressing-gown from where it hung on the hook and put it on, though it was too long for me.
I stared at it, not comprehending, and when I did not take it he took up my hand and put it on my finger himself.
SHERLOCK:
With a knowing smile, John sat back down in his armchair. “The surgery’s closing for the long weekend and I’ve managed to get someone to look after Rosie. So I thought we could go away for a few days, just get out of London. Take a good, well-earned break.”
“Stay down,” John growled, and when the man on the floor made the mistake of moving, John kicked him in the abdomen hard enough to make him curl in on himself and wheeze.
flat, young man, and I am letting you stay in for a very low price, so I can let in repairmen when I see fit.”
What exactly is it about this situation that you never do?
Sherlock was so in shock at the contact that he almost didn’t pay attention to where they were going.  Even more shocking was the fact that John didn’t drop his hand immediately, instead keeping it in place until they walked into the party.
have a therapist. You also needed the money. I understand that an army pension doesn’t go very far these days.” They paused to take a breath. “How was that?”
[1:09AM] No, it didn’t have anything to do with me, and it should have. SH
John raised an eyebrow and looked at him doubtfully. “They’re starting you young at the Yard.”
“Of course.  He asked me to meet him during one of his breaks, and I did, so I know he was definitely working when I woke up this morning.”
Sherlock shook his head, looking down at his hands rather than up at John. “I’m sorry.”
.  Comments/kudos are always appreciated!
[2:19AM] Yeah, that’s me. JW
Subject: RE: You never do this
Sherlock’s heart skipped as he considered how good John looked in his flat. John was still wearing his uniform. The black and yellow material should have looked tacky at best, but instead, it seemed to be a particularly good look on John. Sherlock couldn’t help but notice that it would be even better if John took his jacket. He licked his lips as he pictured John in his vest and trousers, still somewhat dirtied from trudging through a fire earlier.
“Sherlock,” John said, trying to get their attention. He nudged them with the toe of his boot.
“I’m going to end up getting tired of the sound of my own voice,” John said, feeling that already happening. “Until you learn to speak English, you might just need to deal with a bit of silence from me.”
John’s fingers shifted until they were pressed right up against his hole. One finger massaged around the muscle there until just the tip of it was able to slip in. Sherlock felt like he couldn’t breathe. He pressed back, desperate for more of it. He’d done this on his own before, of course, but John’s fingers were so much wider than his own. Besides, there was an intoxicating loss of control now that it was someone else performing this act rather than just himself.
kissing him made the whole experience subtly electric.  He didn’t even realise he was craving it until John pulled away, and he found himself leaning in for more.  The kiss turned a bit heated, John’s tongue pushing into his mouth more aggressively. Sherlock struggled to keep up and found that he enjoyed being overwhelmed by John.  After perhaps a full minute (far too short, as far as Sherlock was concerned), John pulled away, a soft smile on his lips.  “Goodnight, Sherlock,” he said, voice gruff.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Subject: RE: You never do this
Sherlock shrugged and pushed their pasta around with their fork. “No one truly knows. Once someone leaves, they typically have very little contact with those back home. Most of them likely continue mimicking human form and set up a human life for themselves.”
, John was hard as well, rocking himself forward against Sherlock’s thigh. Feeling it against him—thick, long, and solid—ripped a moan from Sherlock. The memory of that cock was enough to make his need urgent. He wrapped one leg around John’s waist, pulling him closer, and rutted forward against John’s hip.
“Sherlock?” Lestrade called.
[6:15AM] I have no idea what you mean. SH
You’re being incredibly boring right now.
You guys might notice that the rating for this work has gone up to explicit.  There are some sex-things in this chapter, which you'll hopefully enjoy!  I know I said this would be up tomorrow, but one of the commenters was adamant that it be up ASAP, so I got it edited in time to post it today (which is still Monday for me but might actually already be Tuesday for some of you).
It means that I consult on private cases and, on occasion, work with the police to prevent them from mishandling investigations.
Sherlock started to smile, apparently liking the chance to show off his talent for deduction. “I can do that.” And he sounded excited. “To avoid repetition, I’ll just focus on the rugby players,” he said, and he scanned his eyes around the table. When he was done, he nodded, his smile growing wider. “You.” He pointed at Murray. “You.” He indicated Lestrade. “And you.” He pointed at Sebastian Wilkes. “You’re the only three on the team that slept with anyone last night, in spite of the fact that you”—he now pointed to Rowland—“were trying to make people think that you’d gotten some.”
. “Look, why don’t you get yourself cleaned up, and I’ll head over there in a bit to help you decide what to wear.”
John’s cheeks were flushed, and there was a faint sheen of sweat on his brow like he had been running.  That didn’t make sense, though, as he had obviously just come from class. Given that it was noon and most classes didn’t end until twelve-thirty, Sherlock thought it was likely that John had merely left in the middle of class to get there. He wasn’t sure why John would do such a thing.
room in
John took a breath, letting out in a huff of what sounded like laughter.  “You…are absolutely incredible.”
“You need to rest,” Sherlock scolded.
At first John thought that Sherlock might have been rattled by the man on the phone. Of course, Sherlock didn’t have nearly enough emotional range to experience something like that, so it seemed unlikely that they would be worried. Besides, they had seemed remarkably unconcerned when hearing about it. The only part that had surprised them was the man’s insistence that they return to their home planet. Still, John doubted that Sherlock would be the sort to simply pack up and leave at vague threats from some creep.
“What is it in your language?”
An experiment. Odd thing to be doing late on a Friday night. John figured that meant the man was definitely a scientist. Of course, his fears about SH being far too old for him were starting to become uncomfortably prevalent.
, Sherlock’s mind supplied before he immediately dismissed the thought. This stranger was
Subject: RE: You never do this
Subject: RE: You never do this
John shook his head. “No, I’m from a place called London. It’s about halfway across the planet. I only came out here because I needed the work.” Before he could even think about the implications of his words, he found himself saying, “Maybe sometime we can take a trip back to London, and you can see bees and dogs.”
He screamed when the dog was taken away, and Redbeard had looked back at him. Sherlock imagined that he hadn’t wanted to go either.  He cried for days, because his best friend was no longer there to help dry the tears.
him.  It was that thought that finally caused the heat inside of him to explode, electric pleasure consuming him until his whole world was white-hot and incandescent.
“It’s actually still technically Dr. Watson, but, yeah, that’s me.”
[25 August, 3:22PM] On my way over. JW
John took another step toward him, and while there was still quite a bit of space between them, Sherlock’s heart rate accelerated at having any distance between them removed. “Can I get your name?”
“I will when you stop looking so heartbroken,” she countered.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Sherlock had meant to come up with an excuse to leave without encouraging further contact between them. John didn’t mean to be so friendly. The touch was just to prove he was covered in ash, and the apparent interest was fascination with his mind and professional curiosity about his condition. Trying to keep up contact between them would therefore only set him up for rejection. Instead of the planned excuse, though, when he opened his mouth, he found himself asking, “Dinner?”
John laughed and reached up to rub reassuringly at Sherlock’s shoulder. “No need to be so embarrassed,” he said. “You can admit it. You’ve got a bit of a crush on me.”
that was smothered against John’s lips. There was only a second or two of just that, of just lips pressed together, of something chaste, and then John was licking into his mouth in the most obscene way. Sherlock groaned, his arms coming up to wrap tightly around John’s neck. He stepped forward so that they were pressed against one another. One of John’s hands rested on the side of his neck, and the other snaked around his waist to keep him close, and, oh, Sherlock was in trouble. Although he didn’t have much experience kissing someone like this—full of heat and desire and promise—he did his best to keep up, to show John that he was entirely comfortable with the trajectory of the evening, and it seemed that John was picking up on his non-verbal communication.
Lestrade gave Sherlock a wry smirk. “When I got here, the watch manager came over and told me that you and I have permission to enter the scene before the final checks are done. He seemed very impressed by you.”
Sherlock grimaced. That was still a sore spot in his relationship with John, and he certainly didn’t want to have it brought up in such a public space. He continued not to look at his boyfriend, determined to get through this without either inciting an argument between them or exposing the nature of their relationship, and he couldn’t do that if he was carefully watching John’s expressions. Sherlock took his sip and held up another finger.
They adopted a dog, who they doted on constantly.
Subject: RE: You never do this
effective). The one who had caught Sherlock’s eye was unlike the rest of them, though. His uniform bore the telltale markings of a medic. Not just a soldier—an army doctor. An army doctor with strong arms, a compact body, and a face that made Sherlock’s knees feel a bit tingly.
John cleared his throat loudly, cutting them off. “Yeah, I don’t care what you’re thinking of doing with your ship,” he said.
Subject: RE: You never do this
Sherlock hadn’t realised that he’d been frozen in that spot until John was beckoning him over. He tried to walk as calmly as possible to where John was, concentrating hard on keeping his steps straight and even. When he was close enough, John pulled him in, using one hand to brush over Sherlock’s forehead, his cheek, his neck, as if checking for injury.
John laughed again, squeezing his hand.  “Sorry.  You’re really brilliant at everything else.  Better?”
Sherlock did his best to care for John’s injuries, but evidently his version of concern was incredibly constricting. John snapped at him more than once for bringing him breakfast in bed, because apparently it was insulting when Sherlock only did such a thing because he thought John incapable of getting out to the kitchen on his own. That sort of behaviour only lasted for a short while, though, because John’s recovery was remarkably quick. Before long, his shoulder healed to the point that it only gave him a dull ache every so often, and once that was no longer a main source of pain, the limp almost immediately vanished as well.
It was the mistress, like I thought.
Sherlock finally glanced up. “Hmm? Oh, my people typically live to be around eighty-five years old. And before you ask, yes, our years are similar to Earth years.” John hadn’t been about to ask that, but he supposed he should take it as a compliment that Sherlock thought he was clever enough to actually think about the similarity in their calendar years. “Our planets have similar rotations around their…” They waved their hand through the air, as if unable to locate the proper word, and finished lamely with, “Their whatever-they-are.”
highly of himself. Openly gay.  Or possibly bisexual.  It was difficult to tell in his current state.  And there was something significant about the state of his watch, but Sherlock couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was.
Subject: RE: You never do this
Subject: RE: You never do this
Sherlock groaned from where he stood on the steps, almost inside his own flat but seemingly unwilling to abandon John. Kind of him, that. “I’ve told you a million times, Mrs. Hudson. I don’t have
No, of course not. It’s just that if you intend to look after me, it would make more sense for you to do it while you can actually see me and evaluate me for yourself. Not much use when you’re all the way over there.
[7:27PM] I love you. SH
“Are you all right?” he asked, having to practically shout over the crackling of the fire overtaking flat’s appliances.
[3:15AM] Christ. I’m really going to murder your brother. JW
Subject: RE: You never do this
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
[2:23AM] What? Who told you that? JW
. “Is this okay?” he asked, slowly leaning forward.
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
“We could continue to stand here and argue about Pictionary,” John murmured, voice low.
Sherlock merely hummed in response.
[10:12AM] Remember when we met for the first time? I know now that you weren’t ashamed of me. I shouldn’t have said that you were. SH
“Sarah,” he said pleasantly, and when he hugged her in greeting, she kissed his cheek. That wasn’t a common form of greeting for people their age unless a romantic relationship was involved.
Subject: RE: You never do this
“Not beer,” he responded, grimacing as he recalled John’s stag night. “Something I can’t taste.”
John laughed again. He could practically hear the dry delivery of that statement, and he decided that he rather liked SH.
[7:37AM] I was picking fights. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done it. Please tell me that you forgive me for that. SH
a date, he realised.  “Oh,” was all he felt capable of saying.
[1:02AM] I’m not ashamed of our relationship, if that’s what you’re suggesting. SH
Murray glared at Sherlock before lifting his radio to reply. “Sorry, Captain, but we’ve got an issue out here. Some private detective is trying to bully his way onto the scene.”
,” he said, pressing back against Sherlock, grinding them together.  Without separating them in the slightest, he used his grip on Sherlock’s arse to pull them both toward the worn-down sofa. John laid down on it, pulling Sherlock on top of him.  The position itself was surprising, as Sherlock had anticipated that John would put himself on top, but this way, John’s hands were able to remain on his arse, so Sherlock figured that it wasn’t so bad this way around.
It was unnerving to be the subject of that level of scrutiny, and Sherlock, as was his habit when dealing with new emotional states, lashed out. “Are you just going to look at me all night, or are you going to take advantage of the fact that you have a very willing sexual partner right in front of you?” he snapped.
Sherlock curled in on himself even further and resolutely continued to sulk. He had a feeling that the effect was somewhat undercut by the fact that his pyjama bottoms had cartoon bees on them, but he tried to make up for that with projected aggression.
“I—” he started, but he didn’t even need to finish the thought.
Sherlock had been so wrapped up in the kiss that he’d hardly remembered how eager he was for them to both be naked. He was glad that John seemed to be ready to remind him how to keep things moving every so often. He propped himself up on his elbows and hurriedly undid the buttons of his ash-dirtied shirt. He tossed it on the floor once he’d gotten it off and moved his hands down to his belt, fumbling with it uselessly until he finally managed to get it undone. John was still sitting on his hips, so neither of them were really in any position to take their trousers off right then, but Sherlock found that he couldn’t be bothered with that, especially not when John bent down and began to lick and bite at Sherlock’s nipples.
Comments/kudos appreciated!  Check me out on
The kiss was nothing more than a brief peck, really, but it still sent a thrill through him.
John hesitated for only a moment before responding, revealing even more information about himself in what was probably an unwise manner. At least it was keeping him occupied, he reasoned.
[25 August, 3:20PM] Is that so? Well, that sounds like an emergency. Need me to come over right now? JW
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
[3:56AM] Good. The drugs are starting to kick in. Might be getting drowsy soon. JW
It started out relatively simple, with no one too eager to bring up anything too sexual yet. Sherlock had two fingers raised by the end of their first round, as he had broken a bone and had been arrested. John had four for breaking a bone, being arrested, riding a motorbike, and playing an organised sport.
“That sounds like fun,” the man to Donovan’s left hurried to say. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him. He was a relatively new forensics technician that had worked extensively with Lestrade’s team over his short career, and he was clearly looking to sleep with Sally. He probably would have agreed to any of her idiotic ideas.
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
they cried, and John continued working them through it until they became shivery and over-sensitive.
The intruder looked like he was trying to size John up, but in his inebriated state, he merely managed to sway backward.  He straightened himself up and turned back to Sherlock. “Come find me if you get bored of this one.”
Sherlock smiled back, no longer as hesitant as he had once been.
You can follow me on
John was completely right, but Sherlock didn’t let that show. John knew he was right anyway.
Sherlock released John’s hands so that he could push himself into an upright position once more. He leaned forward and gently kissed John’s forehead. “Yeah.”
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
The alien gave an irritated click and crossed their arms. John was amazed at the way they seemed to understand him after less than twenty-four hours together. He was also rather surprised at some of the body language similarities across their different species.
“Were there mutual orgasms involved?”
, yes, clearly he was having some effect on John, and the sheer size of the hardness pressed against his leg made Sherlock dizzy. He decided that he needed to see what John was hiding
John looked around again and sighed. He seemed to be doing a lot of that. After a moment, he lifted one hand to rest on Sherlock’s cheek. The contact sent a thrill through him. Sherlock had been so worried that they might not be allowed to touch like this anymore, but apparently John was allowing it.
Don’t let my acquiescence go to your head. I just didn’t want to deal with you being irritating about this for much longer.
So inspiration for this little epilogue came from
Sherlock licked his lips. “You can do more than just kiss my forehead, you know.” He wasn’t sure where he had gotten the confidence to say that, but the words were out of his mouth, and he was hardly going to take them back, as that would have undoubtedly set back their relationship progress.
“The money,” they repeated. “Did you take it?”
on tumblr if you have questions/comments for there as well!
That was when it happened.
Sherlock huffed out a laugh, clearly happy, before his cheeks started to turn a bit pinker. “I think I know something else you might like to do for the rest of the night,” he said, quirking one eyebrow suggestively.
John shook his head some more, now looking amused rather than whatever he had been doing with his face before that had been very confusing but also so hot it had made Sherlock’s entire body feel warm. “It’s nothing.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed for a moment before he moved to stand up. “Right, I suppose I can do that,” he said.
John nodded back and seemed to mentally steel himself for the conversation. The radiance his face had been emanating just moments before had dimmed somewhat, becoming more serious. “You know, I wasn’t planning on talking about this while you were recovering from being drugged,” he said, clearly aiming for levity, but there was a stiffness in his words that belied his discomfort.
like to share?
I thought I was talking to a professional.
Sherlock laughed as well and held tightly to John’s hand, thinking that this was the happiest he had ever been.
John laughed. “You don’t know what your planet rotates around?”
John rolled his eyes. The man was not giving him anything he could work with. Prat.
close to one another.  “Here’s your drink,” he said, offering Sherlock one of the cups he’d returned with.
[1:15AM] Look. You’re upset. The separation is hard on you. JW
John smiled at him.  “Right—that.  Can you do that to me?”  He leaned a bit closer, smile turning to a smirk.  “Can you
To Lestrade’s credit, he didn’t seem overly surprised to see that John had joined Sherlock on this case. John, who was obviously irritated at being dragged out of bed in the middle of some very passionate snogging, merely nodded in greeting at the DI.
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
The two of them seemingly couldn’t stop smiling throughout the duration of the cab ride. It was ridiculous being this giddy during a date. John wondered if Sherlock had ever felt like this before, but he wasn’t sure he wanted the answer to that.
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
Sherlock wasn’t sure what to make of it.
[1:13AM] I told you after our first night together that I was thinking that far in the future, and you seemed pleased by that, but you weren’t even considering that we would still be together after those first few months. SH
John took a moment then to lean back and simply take in the sight before him. “Beautiful,” he breathed.
,” he muttered under his breath, shaking his head against the table. “I was trying to hide from them so they wouldn’t scare Sherlock off, but I think he thought I was ashamed to be seen with him.”
“Sherlock got used to that family model,” Mycroft explained. “They’ve always been the sentimental sort. The romantic sort.” John was sure that he had misheard that bit. “They get attached. Most individuals back home bored Sherlock immediately, but they would grow attached to those they deemed interesting. The boring ones, they hardly paid any attention to, but the interesting ones, Sherlock would stick with. That sort of thing isn’t received well on our planet.”
Hesitantly, Sherlock cracked an eye open, confirming what he had already suspected. He was still on the sofa, as he had been the night before, but John was nowhere to be found.  His chest felt painfully tight.  Ah, he thought, so that was how this was going to be. Sherlock hadn’t imagined that John would be the type to flee the morning after, but he couldn’t say he blamed the man. For John, it had likely been nothing more than a drunken mistake.  Sherlock merely hoped that he hadn’t ruined everything between them.
Sherlock’s cheeks heated a bit as he thought about what that might entail. John had always been good about spoiling him, and after going so long without providing himself with even basic necessities, being spoiled sounded like perhaps the best thing in the world.
Sherlock’s frown deepened. He didn’t see the issue. John would have complained if the flat was any other way upon his return.   “Don’t you like it like this?” he asked.
“Wrong place, wrong time,” John replied simply as he stepped back into the shower and grabbed a tool out of his kit that sat perched on the counter.
John grimaced but didn’t push him away. “You don’t have to—”
“In here,” Sherlock shouted back. He placed John’s tools into the sink and hopped off of the counter. He could feel John shooting him curious looks, but Sherlock ignored him for the moment. John was clever enough to piece together who their guest was.
John was shit at talking about things like this, so instead of even trying, he said, “It’s nearly dinner time. Hungry?”
, so he wasn’t sure if the same rules still applied.  “I mean, he did hold my hand, and when I tried to move it to cover up the marks on my neck, he told me he liked my hand where it was and that being marked up was a good look on me.”  Sherlock felt a bit lost as he recreated that scene.  Had that actually happened?  Of course it had; he had been present for it, and he remembered it perfectly. Still, it felt surreal to be saying it aloud.
my brother has been committing such
“What?” John asks with a slight smile, confused as to what could be bothering his friend.
“Sherlock. God, how has he been coping all this time?” John asks to himself.
two years going on like this?” Greg sighs, wondering if
He walks back down the dark hallway, intent on having words with the younger Holmes and as he reaches the entrance, he grabs the younger man roughly, practically dragging him to the car.
.” Greg grins, nudging John with his shoulder. “A certain
“I'm fine. Don't worry about me, Sher.”
“Thank you, Sir.” Anthea replies in relief, hugging Sherlock. “Go welcome him home, Sherlock.”
“You're really breath-taking, you know that, right?” John asks softly, hovering over Sherlock; who's lying on John's bed.
“How will you know until you see?”
“I don't need to hurt him, Gregory. I already know what I need to.” Mycroft replies calmly, letting go of Sherlock. “Why must it always be drugs, dear brother? Can't you get yourself a
Sherlock closes his eyes and involuntarily moans, his hands wrapping round John as the ex-army doctor continues to drink from him.
“Well, yeah, if we had
“Never.” John whispers softly, his promise to wait until Sherlock is truly ready.
Unfortunately, Greg doesn't want to listen and instead storms out into the rainy night, I'm tempted to follow him but being Sherlock's flatmate probably isn't the best standing point right now.
“How?” The vampire asks curiously.
Mycroft sighs and decides it's probably best to leave his little brother alone for now.
getting on with her work and making friends, Sherlock. That's what normal girls her age do.”
"Do I get punched?"
"John, please." Sherlock whined, grinding his hips into John's.
"Sherlock."
The Doctor pulls Sherlock back down roughly.
“More.” Sherlock moans, his head falling back and created a halo of curls on his pillow.
Sherlock sighs happily into John's neck, “I'm yours, John.”
“Finally he says it as it is. About bloody time, dear brother.” Sherlock remarks in the silence left behind, walking out the room and up the stairs.
“Are you okay with me going straight in?” Sherlock asked softly.
Just ahead of her she sees a man sprint past the next street at quite a speed and wonders what on Earth's got him running so fast.
"Harriet, sit down! Sherlock, a little help, please."
He giggles at the memory, then he suddenly grabs me and kisses me while I laugh; its unexpected but not entirely unpleasant.
“I just don't want you to regret this, John.” Sherlock whispers sadly, resting his hands on John's hips.
“What? No! No, no. I
Sherlock and the Doctor disappear downstairs, when they reach the bottom, Sherlock turns to the Doctor.
be careful when you're near a Weeping Angel, the one I stumbled across sent me back to the year 1870.
days so he
“Patience, love.” John whispers, stroking Sherlock's chest. “Let's take this slow, shall we? Enjoy our time together while we can.”
“There. Perfect. Just remember to have a shower when we get back, that way your hair won't get knotted up.” John replies sweetly, running his hands under the hot water.
“Oh, yes, definitely
Another POV, this time from John. Hope you like it xxxx
So it only stands to reason that Sherlock would have the great idea of teaching his daughter the art
that you could love me.”
"Goodnight, my dear Watson."
“Well, I'm home now, love. So we can sort this, can't we?” John replies softly, pulling his partner back into his arms.
“I guess not.”
"Oh. Yes ... Um."
"Because you're scared."
"It's …"
"Thanks, Amy. I'll get plenty of sleep and be ready for the all-night party." Maggie replies with a giggle.
Sorry about the wait with this one guys. I've been a bit busy. But here it is now. I thought I'd be a little sappy because why the hell not xxxxx
"It's a weird looking necklace."
“What if, he freaks out? Then he’s done you a favour. Just go for it, okay. Besides if you won’t, I
“Sherlock.” John smiles brightly, limping up to his partner and hugging him tightly.
“Of course we are. He's worried about you.” Greg sighs, trying to make his point clear.
“Aww, mate, it's only a nickname. Ya know I mean nothing by it.” Greg grins, collapsing down onto the couch.
“Come and see.”
But John still wonders why they would shoot him, torture him and
"Who's the bloody tease now?"
.” Mycroft replies, letting a smile cross his lips.
“You know, Dad. They help me out and I help them. It's like this, they give me certain presents and I
I smile at him softly, to be honest, I thought he'd forgot about the necklace too but maybe that was wishful thinking.
"Sherlock ... I ..." John, for once was speechless.
"I love it when you pull rank."
Sherlock knows he murdered her but even he's having trouble finding the evidence to prove
come back?” Sherlock whispers, looking back at John.
Sherlock makes a noise in his throat and John grins in satisfaction. Sherlock lets out another noise that sounds very much like a purr and it makes John shiver down to his core..
“Goodnight, my love.” John whispers, kissing Sherlock's forehead and burying his face in his curls.
“I help the police solve crimes and catch criminals.”
“You're …
Of course, he's upped Sherlock's and Greg's security clearances but who is going to listen to his junkie brother, and a mere Detective Inspector isn't exactly of the highest ranking.
friend.”
. We've been friends for a long time and even though I knew you were bisexual, I just didn't
"Do you like it?" Sherlock asked sheepishly.
“Exactly, I mean take me, for instance, I've always wanted to be a copper and yet, you know I have a bit of a record. Now, if I'd have used my brain, I'd have thought more before I did some of that shit.”
“You're such a child, John. Bloody hell. Besides, what can I say, Mycroft is a real slut in the bedroom.” Greg grins, only trying to provoke the old lady further.
John just gets into his college building as one of the female tutors screams and runs out of the science lab that Sherlock was occupying before John went to lunch.
sleeping over ...”
But after John goes missing in action,
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock smiles softly, resting his forehead against John's.
“Cheeky shit.” John replies without heat, kissing Sherlock's collarbone.
“It's good, it's …
"So beautiful." John smiled, touching every part of his chest.
“This is just something I have to do, Sherl. It's nothing to do with our relationship or whether I want you or not. I just have to do this. But I'll send you emails every day. I'm not going to forget about you, baby. Never in a million years.”
John turns the shower on, pulling Sherlock under it so the water soaks them both, the younger teen follows a drop of water running down John's body and dropping off his hip to join the puddle on the floor. The older teen grabs the shampoo and squeezes a generous amount into his hand before reaching up and rubbing Sherlock curls to wash out the gel and hairspray.
Apparently the younger man's experiment took presidency over his tan-trumming daughter; or so it seemed to the father currently wrestling to get the child's shoes on.
"Because you have to make the decision yourself."
But will Sherlock want to take the relationship further?
, come here, my beautiful love. Right now.” Sherlock gasps, pulling John in for a kiss.
“I'll fix it, Mrs Hudson. I promise.” He calls to her, running up the stairs to their flat.
Then he hears Mycroft's words from the door and instinct kicks in.
Final chapter now guys. Hope you've all enjoyed this, despite the wait (sorry again) xxx
I can take multiple stab wounds before I need serious medical attention but John can't.
"So?" John asked, looking puzzled.
“I don't care about the others, I
That was the first story my father told me of the Doctor but it was certainly not the last, for the Doctor kept popping into our lives for a very long time.
Mrs Hudson smirked to herself, shaking her head at her boys and their antics.
“Shut it.” Greg snaps, before breaking into a smile. “What about you and Sherlock anyway? I've never heard him say
“No, it's fine. I just wasn't expecting
"Yes, and I told you but you deleted from it your memory." I reply, rolling my eyes at him.
I jump up from the couch and take it from him.
"Harriet, tea's up."
"You've read the books haven't you? You seem to know about vampires." He replies sarcastically.
Once he's fully seated, he pulls Sherlock onto his lap and thrusts into him slowly as Sherlock wraps his arms around his neck.
Thankfully it's quiet because it's late Thursday night and everyone is probably home by now. There are a few drunks but they won't even bother to do anything, never mind testify if they see what
"Okay, your sister is trying. Well, at least I hope she is, for your sake. You want to see the best in her and that's what I love about you, John. It's what I've always loved, your ability to see the good in people."
“You should go for it, or does he have a girl?”
“Hey, guys, are we playing nice?” John teases, sitting between his two best friends, holding out a bottle of beer for Sherlock.
Sherlock does the only thing he knows how to; self-destruct.
“Lookin' for John?” Greg grins, watching the younger teen.
dull.” Sherlock replied, but that didn’t stop his hands from wandering over John’s body seductively.
The young girl in question ran into the kitchen and jumped into a chair. Before she started to eat, she eyed her fathers’ carefully, noting the flushness of their cheeks and the ruffled state they were both in. Harriet rolled her eyes and started to tuck into her food.
Mrs Hudson shook her head at the younger man and handed Harriet her present.
One problem - John isn't happy about Harriet using manipulation and blackmail
“I thought you meant something different.”
Greg stops short of the door at the sight of the two of them and smiles, his own partner stopping beside him and gently finding his hand, linking their fingers together.
He's forty something, the oldest Sherlock has gone for so far but maybe that's because he has good heroin.
, tell me more. Tell me
“Oh, my love, you are so perfect. How the hell did I ever get so lucky?” John smiles, kissing Sherlock softly.
I've just finished drinking my meal when I hear John's shuffled footsteps heading into the kitchen; I quickly wipe my mouth and wash the glass before turning to look at him.
“How about a little eye-liner then? Or some blusher?” John grins wider, watching his friend's face through the mirror.
“You're ready, baby.” John whispers, leaning down to kiss Sherlock's hip..
He frowned a little, feeling ugly in comparison.
Sherlock takes a trip into the TARDIS to see what the future holds.
“Lookin' good, mate. Luv the eye-liner, really brings out your eyes.” Greg smiles, cocking his head to the side as he admires the younger teen.
John can tell that Greg doesn't even try to argue with the detective, clearly picking up the tone in his voice and trusting Sherlock to sort it.
“If that's what you want, baby.”
tend to his wound, it's still a bloody mystery but obviously he
"Because I love you. And I wouldn't want to be anywhere else."
“You shall.” John grins, grabbing his own bag and taking one last look at Sherlock before leaving their room.
But when a strangely familiar accent; British, more specifically London of origin, calls his name, John isn't sure whether to be relieved or to worry for his sanity.
“No, John. Really, it is
“I love you too, John.”
She decides to ring Mycroft and tell him to bring around bags of blood; lots of them. He swears he will be round soon and suggests Mrs Hudson go to her sister's once he gets there; a bloodthirsty new-born vampire shouldn't be around a human when blood-lust takes over.
“Oh, Jawn. You're
“In a minute.”
think of our daughter first. And you know how she finds breakfast club
"Why?" Sherlock asked curiously.
"No.” The Doctor snapped, resisting the urge to roll his eyes at the younger man. “I told you we can't. Now, I'll drop you off at home and you can wait three years to see Doctor Watson. Let's go."
“Depends who you've invited, Dad. If Emma and Jade are coming then they are definitely
Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Watson became good friends of mine and, with the help of Harriet herself, allowed me to write their story for you, dear readers.
“That sounds like … fun.” John replied, suddenly very awake.
leave us. Me and Gregory have some things to discuss.”
But please don't hate me xxxx
“This conversation isn't over.” John warned the pair, sitting down with his tea.
Maggie pulls out her phone and is just about to dial when the man grabs the phone and throws it at the wall, smashing it to pieces before shrinking back into a corner.
When he took his companions to the past, they wanted to change it and when he took them to their future, they wanted to live it. Why didn't he just leave it alone?
“Doesn’t stop you coming back for more though, does it?” John called from the bathroom with a wicked smile.
love." John replied, a slight smile pulling at his lips.
John chuckles to himself as he makes his way towards the science lab, ready to drag Sherlock out in order to preserve his and
John giggles before replying, “It's deep purple and so tight it looks like you've sown yourself into it. You trying to impress someone?”
Sherlock smiled back in response, leaning over and kissing John softly.
“That was …
"Wow, you're really getting into this 'showing your emotions', aren't you?"
“No.”
Sorry, it’s not as long as my others or maybe you’re glad it’s not ;) and sorry about the abrupt ending but it was just a little morning sex and embarrassing poor Mrs Hudson ;) xxxxxx
. And this 'friend' could be some … some weirdo. For God's sake, put your bloody experiment down and look at me, Sherlock!" John replied, slamming his fist down on the table.
Maggie yawns and stretches, looking over at her alarm clock before giving it a glare as it flashes 6:30am.
John grins at the image from the party they went to that night, the one of their first kiss.
John wakes up to a pleasant surprise as he opens his eyes and sees Sherlock doing something very unexpected; sucking John's cock.
"Who did you love, Doctor?"
Greg glares at Sherlock and calls him a dick; it's not the first time obviously, but at least this time Sherlock has the decency to look chastised and even apologises.
But just when she thinks something could happen
“Are you referring to my boyfriend,
.” John gasps, his head spinning from blood loss.
"Yes, she does." Sherlock added, obviously reading John's mind again.
"Actually, it's Captain Watson to you." John quirked an eyebrow and began unzipping Sherlock's jeans.
going to welcome me home?” John grins over Sherlock's shoulder.
“I don’t really know, I mean, we’ve not talked about it really.”
“No. And
“Awake now?” Sherlock asks with a sly smile.
?” Greg asks, stunned.
“You aren't going to
“Morning, father. Where's Dad?” Harriet asked, subtly looking round for her birthday presents.
“Oh.”
want to end this then I guess ...” John sighs, leaning against the bedside table.
“Mmm, you taste as good as you look.” John grins back at Sherlock, cleaning the last of the sticky substance off his fingers.
John's breathing stops and Sherlock is sure he's failed; having never turned someone before.
"Actually ..."
“Baby, I think in some way, we were always
. I did weed at the last party I was at. Tobacco ain't exactly high on the illegal drugs list.” John replies mockingly, kicking Greg in the shin.
, shall I?”
Greg stands and makes his way over to his partner, wrapping his arms around his waist and resting his head on his shoulder.
“No, we don't. I met a child who appeared to be ten years old but was actually one hundred years old. She'd survived the war only by being bitten by a vampire.”
“Listen, I'm sorry that I was hitting on your husband and I'm sorry that your niece was kidnapped. I'm guessing you got her back?” Maggie asks softly, hoping to diffuse the situation.
“I … l-l-love you, too.” John stutters, coughing up blood and nodding at Sherlock.
dreaming?” John asks in a shocked voice.
“Are you going deaf or do you just have selective hearing?” John chuckles, the vibrations humming through Sherlock's body.
I need to be more careful when I'm around John, otherwise he's going to figure out that something isn't right and he'll leave me.
“I was thinking …”
She practically ran from the room and downstairs.
kissing me?” John asks awkwardly, twitching his hands on his lap.
“Hold on tight, John. I'm going to run now.” Sherlock warns him, kissing his forehead.
John moans in response and pulls out, slamming back into Sherlock before leaning in and kissing the younger teen slowly.
John wraps his arms around his mate tightly and drifts off into a peaceful sleep; his hunger for both Sherlock and blood sated for now.
Over the years, Harriet Hamish Holmes-Watson grew progressively in all forms.
John looks back up at Sherlock and they both start giggling like children.
Greg grins back, walking into the room and clapping John on the shoulder as the doctor let's go of Sherlock.
“John, I can hardly help it if I was born with naturally pale skin.” Sherlock replies indignantly, following his friend into the bathroom.
Sherlock turned and looked out the window, looking for the Doctor, as he had done since his return.
“Holmes? You mean, Mycroft? Mycroft sent you?” John asks in disbelief, holding a hand up to shield his eyes.
“Don’t worry, she has some of your mannerisms and traits as well. Like her God-awful taste in jumpers and even a limp.” Sherlock grinned over the newspaper he was reading.
human eyes.
“Ah, well my dinner's at twelve. What about yours?” John asks, grabbing a t-shirt and some jeans from his wardrobe.
“So, you want me to sleep
Sherlock hummed and looked up at the older man, loving how easy John was to manipulate. He felt himself get harder as he watched the water from the shower run down John's chest and disappear into his crotch.
?” Greg shouts angrily, not even trying to control his rising temper.
for a while too, haven't you?” John smirks suggestively, looking Sherlock in the eyes.
He pulls off his t-shirt and baggy pants, throwing them into the wash basket in the bathroom as Sherlock continues to search for an outfit.
“What do you mean 'alive'? Are you sure, Anthea?” Mycroft asks desperately, fearing for his brother's already fragile state.
“You bought me a muffin?”
"Yes, but my daughter should come first."
“What's he talking about, dear?” Mrs Hudson asked, walking into the room with another present for Harriet.
“Obviously.” Sherlock mutters, rolling his eyes at the older teen.
“Of course I'll ask him first, Mrs Hudson.” Sherlock growls at his landlady.
“I know. And I love you too.”
“Holy fuck, you are exquisite, Sher. A bloody masterpiece, right here.” John moans softly, starting to move in and out of Sherlock.
“John? What's wrong?” Sherlock asks in a concerned tone.
John starts to pull off his shirt, just as Sherlock looks back up again and stares intently at his friend.
“Now, if you don't mind. My food got away and I'm still hungry. Go home. Unless you want to be on the menu.” The vampire growls, stalking closer to Maggie.
Sherlock smiled into John’s lips, pushing gently into John, causing him to moan and shift his hips for better leverage.
He lunges at John with a knife but of course, I'm too quick and step in front of him. I feel the pain as the knife makes contact but all that matters right now is that my John is safe.
“John, do you think these ...” Sherlock breaks off as he sees his best friend walking around in his underwear.
“Carry on, John. Please. I'm okay.” Sherlock sighs, reaching up to stroke John's cheek.
He gives me a grateful smile and I can't help but preen under the praise; not that I'd ever let Lestrade or John see how much I like it, of course.
“I’m glad you enjoyed it so much.” Sherlock panted, lying down next to his partner.
When Moriarty told Sherlock he would burn the heart out of him, Sherlock knew things wouldn't be so simple. He was naive enough to believe that when he 'killed' himself, John would be safe but it was all too simple.
“Shut up.” John giggles, pinning Sherlock to the wall and shoving his tongue down his throat.
“Well, I'm three hundred and fifty years old.” He smiles back lightly.
Greg moans a little into the lips, eyes closing and hand reaching out for the stranger's waist.
Mycroft speeds up his pace and heads downstairs to Mrs Hudson's flat; turning the television up to full volume as he enters.
“An ordinary Earth necklace, huh? So no special powers or mind-reading abilities?”
“What is it this time, Kate?” John asks as the tutor storms over to him.
come back, if you
John finally releases his fangs from Sherlock's neck and sits up.
But today something changes, Sherlock makes a tactless comment about Greg's relationship with his wife. He deduces that Greg has already started looking else where because he's tired of trying to save the sinking ship of his marriage when his wife clearly wants something else.
“And I'm yours, Sherlock. Always and forever.” John promises, making love to his mate.
"Harriet is trying to cut down on the alcohol, Sherlock."
The Doctor rushed to the doors, turning to look back at Sherlock expectantly and the younger man didn't disappoint.
"Goodbye, Doctor."
"Let's go then.” The Doctor quipped back, standing up and moving from behind the car.
He takes a long drag and puffs it out into the night sky, watching as it slowly disappears into the air.
As Sherlock's curiosity is peaked by the mysterious young girl, the Doctor turns dark and refuses to tell Sherlock anything.
“And you'll have to wait just a little longer, sweetheart. Need to prepare you first.”
"Bed now?" Sherlock asked innocently, batting his eyelashes.
“I know she is, darling. But right now, she isn't. So let's enjoy this time with her.”
Sherlock stands and makes his way to the door, determined not to be dragged into the lovers quarrel.
about John. Where is he?”
John lubes himself up quickly and slowly lines himself up to Sherlock's entrance and pushing in slightly.
“Hurry up. You don't want to miss the show after all.”
“You should think about it, though, university, I mean. It's the best time, isn't it? Do everything while you're still young because when you get older it will be a whole lot messier.” Greg replies, stopping at the halls of the university to spark up a cigarette.
"Sorry. Don't tell her I said that." Sherlock whispered to their daughter.
The sexual innuendo was all over Sherlock's face and John smirked.
The pair are searching the husband's house for, well,
“Come along, John. We have a case to solve.”
wonder who cleaned my clothes though, I just assumed it was Mrs Hudson.” Sherlock chuckles.
“Excuse me?” Sherlock asks, giving John a look.
"Yes, you did."
“I told you. I was lonely! I also
“Leave you alone for a year and you're already hunting for a new mate. I thought we were passed that, Sherlock. And a poor young woman too. I'm disappointed in you.” The older vampire sighs, looking a little hurt despite his tone.
boyfriends.”
With any luck, my secret is safe for now and John believes that the stab wound wasn't as bad as he first thought.
Firstly, this is going back to the second time Harriet met the Doctor and the boys reactions to it. There are also slight warnings for this of a sexual nature, only mild but still. I got confident and decided to write in a sexual scene rather than just the usual "and they made love all night" or "they showed each other how much they meant to each other". So enjoy and apologies if this chapter is too long. Anyway, please me nice ;) xxxxx
His smile faltered at John's words "Don't be dead." as though even his eyes hadn't believed what they'd seen. But whatever the reason, Sherlock had sworn to protect John at all costs because if
“You trust me, right?” John asks unsurely, looking up into his friend's eyes.
John shakes his head in confusion, chuckling softly.
So against my better judgement after re-reading the last chapter I decided to start the next chapter, despite having around four other stories on the go. I wrote this 6.30am, after being up all night and only just managing to finish one chapter for one story but I've only just got round to uploading it here (apologies, it's about two weeks old now). But anyway, I’ve always considered morning sex; too much info, I know but let me continue – so after re-reading the last chapter I decided, well, morning sex, that should be fun. So I guess I kinda used my own life experience prompt ;) hehe. So yeah, enjoy, johnlock morning sex and then maybe later on I’ll do experimenting with food ;) if you’re all good xxxx
"Of course it is. You're perfect, John. You're very handsome, have a great physique and extremely beautiful eyes." Sherlock replied, running his hands over John's face.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nobody hurts my John. Otherwise, you have me to deal with. Understood?” Sherlock growls at Mr Cambria; who's lying by the bed where he landed.
“When we're not point scoring? Yes, we are, my dear.” Mycroft replies softly, touching  the photo frames on the mantle.
Will it be everything that Sherlock hoped for or will there be some unexpected surprises?
Sherlock smiled and helped John pick up the shopping bags, practically bouncing up the steps to their home.
“Since when do you listen to me?”
He hands it to me and it's more beautiful than I remember it being.
"Is that a yes?"
"Doctor."
“You know I'm a stronger vampire given my build and my army training! And don't shout at me! I'm not the one
here!”
“Really? That's not what people usually say.”
Sherlock gently nips John's neck but as the older vampire finds his prostate, Sherlock's teeth sink deep into John's neck.
“But is Glasgow not really far away?”
“No…no…naw it’s not!” John said again, purposely making the accent sound ridiculous.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, looking up at him with a smile. “Mrs Hudson has just convinced me to tell our story as it is despite my brother’s wishes.”
Thank you all for your lovely comments! As I'm doing the opposite journey of these two by heading from Glasgow to London tomorrow, I thought I'd give you another chapter for the weekend.
LESTRADE:
SHERLOCK:
There was not enough evidence to hold her. Whatever she’s done, she’s covered it well.
It cuts to black and then the numbers “221” appear individually and then a stroke in between them making it “22/1”. Underneath it simply says “Continues next Sunday at 9PM.”
And? Where is she now?
LESTRADE:
“Pleasure to meet you,” Sherlock said with a smile extending his hand. Aunt Hettie just looked at it and chuckled.
“Yes, I know who said it.” Sherlock sighs and looks down. “Mycroft doesn’t think it would be advisable for the world to know about the truth. Doesn’t think it would bode well for our reputation.”
Sherlock, what’s going on? Did I hear something about Moriarty?
“Oh nonsense! People will love it. It’s not like it’ll be a surprise. And the story is quite exciting in itself.”
SHERLOCK:
“Since when have you had family in Scotland,” Sherlock finally asked, partly out of boredom, partly out of curiosity.
Trust me on this one, Detective Inspector. You will find something. Just look harder.
The title of the fic comes from a traditional Scottish song called "The Bonny, bonny banks of Loch Lomond." The lyrics that John says at the end is from the chorus. (And it's about two lovers who spend their time at Loch Lomond *nudge nudge wink wink*
SHERLOCK:
LESTRADE:
Sherlock, what is it? What’s wrong?
“No, no, I mean that’s you. That’s the card…the payments gone through…” said the girl, slightly flustered. “You can take your card out now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s beautiful,” Sherlock said before he could even think about it.
“Like Taggart?”
[impatiently] I’ll explain it later. Just get Rosie out of here!
“I don’t understand why we couldn’t just take the train,” Sherlock murmured.
“Oh yeah,” John nodded. “At least every summer we were up north. Dad came from a very big family. We were considered the posh English ones even though we were common as muck,” he chuckled slightly at the memory, and Sherlock smiled too as he saw a new nostalgic side of John. “We spent a few New Years up there too,” John continued. “Well, they call it Hogmanay. Oh my God, it was riotous. Nearly thirty people crammed into a tiny house, whisky flowing all night, and everyone had to sing a song whether you liked it or not. It was great.”
“Not a bad view, eh?” John said with a smirk.
JOHN:
MYCROFT:
“No…no, can’t say I can,” Sherlock said, a little shocked at how he didn’t know all this before. “But he made you visit a lot I gather?”
SHERLOCK:
SHERLOCK:
John froze suddenly and whipped his head around to Sherlock. Did he hear that right? Did he process those words correctly? Did Sherlock just admit that he was gay?
“Well? What do you think?” Sherlock asks.
[pause] I was hoping you weren’t going to say that. It seems that Eurus has developed a slight obsession with Moriarty. You know she has an obsessive nature. She has noted a keen interest in him and everything that she has done up to this point mirrors his actions. Handing herself in, putting herself under police scrutiny and then walking away scot-free.  So by now we can probably guess her next move. I’m afraid, Sherlock, you’re going to be getting a visitor quite soon.
“Well, my Aunt Hettie has a nice little cottage that she lets out.”
“You alright, John?” Aunt Hettie asked. “Yer looking awfy peely-wally.”
“Why can’t John write it? I always liked his posts on his blog. Really well written,” Mrs Hudson suggests.
“No, listen..I…we actually should probably get going,” John said standing up. “It’s getting quite late and I..uh…on the radio it said something about the roads being icy so…yeah…” John was really out of his depth here but everything just felt disjointed. Why was this such a blow to him? Had he not always suspected it? Had he never thought that Sherlock was gay?
She definitely can’t see us or hear us?
Moriarty? What’s he got to do with it?
“Yes, yes I am.”
SHERLOCK:
“Like you, Sherlock,” Aunt Hettie pointed her glass at him.
[laughing] Oh, they won’t find anything. Nothing at all.
I doubt I’ll have time to explain. It’s just…someone’s coming. And I couldn’t risk Rosie being here when they do.
The last one was pretty hard. Not only just physically as he had to run all over London in one night, but emotionally too. It involved two young kids, and it left Sherlock thinking about what could have happened if he’d just gotten there a few minutes earlier. He never admitted that it affected him of course. He just murmured something about being tired and shut himself up in his room after it, not emerging until the next night when he got yet another call from Lestrade. He didn’t even say goodbye to John as he slung on his coat with a sigh and headed out again.
Not long I expect. I’d imagine you’d be her first port of call.
“Then why didn’t you just say that in the first place. Idiot.” Sherlock then took the coffees and headed over to John, looking at him as if nothing had happened. “What?”
“He doesn’t have time to do that sort of thing now apparently,” Sherlock snaps, evidently in a mood. “Fatherhood doesn’t allow time for a lot of things.”
He looks straight ahead at the camera and winks.
No. It’s a two-way mirror and the room’s sound proofed.
“Well hullo there!” Aunt Hettie was standing in the doorway, beaming from head to foot. She was exactly what Sherlock imagined. She was small and rather plump but bursting with life as she stretched out her arms to greet her nephew. Sherlock quickly deduced that that was her best dress she was wearing underneath her apron and her tight curls had just been done today. Her glasses hung on a chain right on top of her rather large bosom and her face was wrinkled with years of laughing and smiling.
He…he came here. He came to see me.
“Well I was right! Turns oot he’s wan o’ them gays. Not that there’s anything bad aboot being wan o’ them gays but I was right wasn’t I. I’m telling you, John, I’ve goat a six sense or something. I can spot them a mile aff.”
MYCROFT:
John came in holding a card with a highland cow on the front. “Well maybe not all weekend,” he said slightly nervously. “Aunt Hettie’s invited us for dinner tomorrow.”
I'm not sure how it is in other countries but in Scotland we tend to have a few long weekends throughout the year. These are usually in February, May and September where there are bank holidays on the Friday and the Monday surrounding the weekend.
It was another hour or two before they finally reached Loch Lomond. John was tiring but evidently not as much as Sherlock who had dozed off whilst resting his head against the window. Every now and then John would glance over at the sleeping detective and smile to himself. He knew that this was what he needed. As they got near to the cottage, John gently woke up Sherlock and pointed to his right.
“Dad’s,” John answered. “He came from Greenock. Worked on the shipbuilding for a while but when that all fell through he got offered a job in London. My mum used to work in the café around the corner from his work and she just heard the accent and fell head over heels. Can’t really blame her, can you?”
“Aye well only my John deserves the best,” Aunt Hettie replied. “And you too, Sherlock dear.”
No, we don’t. I don’t even know why I agreed to this in the first place. This is madness. [pause] We have nothing to keep her here.
John was now glancing over at Sherlock with a fond smile.
MYCROFT:
“No,” says Sherlock with a grin. “People always seem to give up after three.”
“Are you sure yer alright, son?” Aunt Hettie said, taking his hand. “You don’t look too good. Maybe you need some sugar. A’ve goat a puddin’ in the fridge.”
The East Wind.
Well we have nothing to prove that. We have no legitimate reason to arrest her.
So basically you.
LESTRADE:
“That’s you,” she repeated looking down at the card machine.
“What?” Sherlock said, frowning and looking extremely perplexed.
It took everything in John not to chuckle at how dramatic Sherlock was being. He sat forward in his armchair and gave the detective a sympathetic smile. “Well, it’s not hard to figure out is it. You’ve been out on cases non-stop since the start of the year. This will be your..what? Eighth case this mon-“
[on the  phone] It can’t wait, Sherlock. I’m afraid…the East Wind has come.
[pause]
“Alright, sure Aunt Hettie” John said nodding, picking up the wine bottle and topping up her glass.
“Aye, I can see that,” Aunt Hettie said as he gaze turned to Sherlock.
Sherlock huffed and zipped up his suitcase before carrying it out into the hall. “Did you get the car then?”
Get her out of here. Quickly. Take her down to Mrs Hudson.
MYCROFT:
We have to.
Mycroft?
“Parts of it are,” John replied. “But I suppose every city has its good bits and bad bits. I personally find the Glaswegians to be the friendliest people I’ve ever met. As my Uncle Robert used to say, they’ll stab you but they’ll phone you an ambulance afterwards,” he chuckled.
“Good case?” asked John tentatively as he brought in two cups of tea and placed one on the coffee table for Sherlock.
Hogmanay is a real thing and it is what we call New Year's Eve. A typical Hogmanay does usually involve going to somebody's house, getting drunk with whisky and singing songs, although some also involve a traditional Scottish dance called a ceilidh (but more of that latter).
“Yes, you’re agreeing to it?”
MYCROFT:
Hope you enjoy it and some more Scottish references are at the bottom.
“Right, well, what I’m getting at is…you’re exhausted Sherlock.” At this, Sherlock scoffed loudly and flumped back onto the sofa. “I’m being serious,” John continued. “You’ve run yourself ragged and it’s evidently affecting you. And can I tell you something, you won’t get any better unless you take a break.”
JOHN:
Loch Lomond is a large lake just north of Glasgow in Scotland and is a popular holiday location.
“Oh really,” John said raising his eyebrows. “Would have thought that would have been too…normal for the Holmes family, a seaside holiday.”
“Right, see you then,” John called back, not really processing that either. “Thanks again Aunt Hettie.”
“What wouldn’t bode well?”
MYCROFT:
But he had his tongue cut out, so how could he have given the password?
SHERLOCK:
MYCROFT:
MYCROFT:
“What?” Sherlock said impatiently.
What are you playing at? We can’t do this.
“Excuse me?” Sherlock said with a frown.
SHERLOCK:
Yes, how indeed. He was muted three weeks previously and considering how long it takes someone of his intellectual capacity to learn sign language, he wouldn’t have learnt it in time. It’s some sort of code but I’m missing something. I think-
“You don’t like it,” Sherlock says, seeing right through her.
“So, Sherlock, you’re a detective right?” Aunt Hettie said turning to him.
“No, I can’t say that I do.”
John turned to Sherlock and smiled as they entered into the living room, making sure that he was alright. “Force to be reckoned with, right?”
“Sherlock, she’s letting us have the house for free during a holiday weekend. It’s the least we can do.”
“I have a coat.”
“It’s the…you know…the song…you take the…oh, never mind! Go pack.”
SHERLOCK:
MYCROFT:
I also apologise in advanced for the next chapter as we meet Aunt Hettie...things are about to get way more Scottish.
“Yeah I suppose-”
Sherlock studied the photograph closely and his eyes softened as he looked at it. “You look cute,” he said without really thinking about it. He glanced up at John only to find that John was looking back, yet neither of them broke their gaze. Not until, that was, Aunt Hettie came bustling in from the kitchen with a steaming hot steak pie.
“Scotland, no,” Sherlock replied, turning his gaze from John to make it less obvious. “The Jurassic Coast in Dorset was our main holiday destination. Used to go to Lyme Regis.”
John smiled into his tea before saying “Scotland. Loch Lomond.”
“There he is! Ma wee Johnny!” she squealed as John came up and gave her a massive hug. She took his face in his hands and smiled up at him. “Took you long enough!”
Who? Who’s coming?
It wasn’t long after that they had passed a big sign saying “Welcome to Glasgow” and Sherlock was peering out of the window to catch a glimpse of the city in the dark. “Keep an eye out for signs to Knightswood,” John instructed. “This is the West End, by the way. Quite a nice area.” John wasn’t wrong. The place was bustling with trendy bars and restaurants and stylish young people flitting in and out of them. There were churches that were done up with lights and looked like nightclubs and old bank buildings that were swanky cocktails bars. Sherlock was actually impressed.
John was back at Baker Street with Rosie in tow. Turns out that neither men are good with their emotions as he didn’t exactly say anything when he turned up on Sherlock’s door one day with his bags packed and a toddler on his hip. But he didn’t need to say anything. Sherlock just knew. John, however, couldn’t help out as much with cases as he used to. Raising a young child on your own does take its toll and he too was extremely busy at the surgery. Yet, he saw an opportunity when he noticed that it was the February weekend coming up and the surgery was going to be closed Friday and Monday for the long weekend.
Sherlock looked slightly perplexed as he stared at John once he’d hung up. “Why did you say I’m on holiday?”
“John and I’s…new situation,” Sherlock says tentatively.
Yes, I know full well what she’s capable of.
you have it? And where are my clothes, really now. What were you
"I wrote that," I said, "on the day after we were married."
He was wearing two rings.
"How did I end up on the table then?"
happened before. But that in itself was a common feature of the events that surrounded my brilliant spouse. Things that never had happened before happened around us - and sometimes
"Why aren't you telling me what happened?" I looked at the grey hair that had not been there this morning. I tried to guess. "Have... you discovered time travel after all?"
I awoke three years later.
I did not understand.
We were talking across each other's words, in a parody of the excitement of a good puzzle or invention.
"That was what you were supposed to do. Even if you did read it early." I always knew that to be a possibility, thus my attempts to check it with warnings written at the top.
"I am sorry," he said, his voice muffled against me.
He did get up then, but grasped my shoulders and looked down into my face. His own still looked so strange, distorted, his pale eyes wide and his thin face streaked with tears.
I sat down on our bed and looked up at him.
His hand in mine reminded me - I could feel the doubled weight of two rings. I looked down at them. "Why are you wearing...?"
feel naked without that," I said, and laughed. He smiled a little.
"I thought you were dead," he said faintly.
"Well. I
I awoke on the table, stark naked, and the sitting-room appeared to have
Holmes stared, his hands slowly dropping their defensive position before his mouth; I had never seen such a look on that face. It was more shocking than any of the chaos that I was able to see in the room. That smooth, beautiful, arrogant face looked half-crumpled by the forces of joy and fear and guilt.
Then I took up his other hand, his left, and kissed it.
"I am going to get dressed now," I said, "and you'll tell me when you're ready, then."
for some reason, and - where is my walking stick - ?" I did not see it by the sofa where I had laid it down, close to where my hand had been.
Holmes was saying, or trying to say - his voice struggling in his throat. Wet fingers cupped my face and the lips on mine were salty with tears.
- the materials were ruinously expensive.
That did not make it right, of course. Even he knew it did not. But
." I was not in pain! It had been a success.
"You did this," I said, and for some reason he flinched back at the words, but reassured by the obvious joy in my voice and upon my face, he relaxed once more, though hesitantly.
Yes, I had guessed that - I must have frightened him for a moment. He must have thought I was dead for a moment. Else why did he cry and cling to me as he had? Why was his manner so stricken?
- I wept, for a moment. Absurd that this distressed him.
"But, Sherlock. It worked."
"Well - " How strange to feel embarrassment now. We rose from this bed together this very morning.
. He had thought my body vapourised, dispersed; I had left my clothes and my ring and the bullet behind. He thought he had
He fumbled to take them off - his own and then mine. He offered it back to me with a trembling hand.
“Oh, good. I’m glad,” John says, squeezing Sherlock’s shoulder gently.
MYCROFT:
“Cause you are.”
“I was too busy laughing at it to consider it, to be honest,” Sherlock said with a small smirk. “Mum’s side?”
“As normal as it could be,” Sherlock said with a smile creeping back on his lips. “When we were really young, Mycroft and I used to go fossil searching and naturally we never found anything.” He turned to look out of the window as the memories were coming back to him. “I loved the sea though. Nothing better than on a hot day running into the absolutely freezing sea. Now that was great.”
“Naw ye do. Lanky lad wi the dyed hair. Mind a said, didn’t a say there was something up wi him. Well naw something up wi him, but just something a wee bit different aboot him.”
The government.
“Are you my mother?”
“See, a telt ye. Sixth sense.”
Let me know if there's anything else you might need explained.
Oops.
I’m not sure that you do. [pause] Good luck. Keep me informed.
“Oh Aunt Hettie, that was delicious. Your cooking always was the best,” John said, sitting back in his chair, feeling thoroughly satisfied.
“Yes, I am,” Sherlock said without hesitation, smiling into his wine glass.
“Oh come on. Road trips are fun,” said John nudging his elbow as they headed out of the door. “We can actually talk to one another with no distractions.”
“Well…English,” John said frankly, before offering him an awkward smile and returning back to the car before Sherlock could interrogate him on how to be less English.
“Naturally. We leave tomorrow morning?”
He thanked Aunt Hettie for the dinner and kissed her goodnight as they headed out into the cold night air. John walked down the garden path, trying to prepare himself for a conversation they’ll probably be having in the car.
The older teen goes back into the bedroom to put on his skull necklace and black leather stud bracelets.
daughter, Sherlock.”
, either! And I said, no! Can't a guy just get a quick fuck and be done with it?” Sherlock snaps, glaring at the man.
“Come on, Sherl. It'll be fun.” The older teen says excitedly, dragging his friend off the couch by his wrist. “Now, go on. Get changed and we'll set off in a bit.”
