It was shortly after breakfast in Baker Street, and I noted with an inward groan that Holmes had taken up his “disputatious” cherrywood pipe.  It seemed that a fairly cutting criticism of my stories was in the offing.  Most of Holmes’s peculiar habits and eccentricities I could live with, but his attacks on my writing could be genuinely wounding.
"Let me give you a hand."  Holmes stood, and reached down to aid me.  "After all, you did all of the work."
But I never heard what he was going to say next.  We had been so totally caught up in our own concerns that I, at least, had lost all awareness of where we were or why we were there, but this obliviousness was ripped apart in an instant.
His fingers had been nothing compared to this.  It stretched, it stung, it burned, it was wonderful and perfect.  Holmes pulled back, and I almost reached behind myself to stop him, but then he entered me again, a little further this time.  I realised he was still holding back, still proceeding gradually for my sake.
Holmes took a deep breath.  I am not sure even now which of us felt more trepidation.  His voice was so quiet that I could hardly hear him.  "He did promise that the barest acceptance would do."   I do not remember moving towards him, but I must have done, since I was now standing close enough to see individual hairs on the back of his neck, and I longed to touch him there, but he had still not yet actually given me permission.  He turned, not in the least surprised to find me so close.  "Yes, Watson.  I want..." He had to stop and make a second effort.  "I want you."
He struck me, once, twice, three times.  He was not holding back; the blows stung, and then burned, as he continued.  The pain had me panting, my own breath bringing the maddening scent even more strongly to my senses.  My hands rose to grasp his hips, but his voice snapped "No!" and I held them back with an enormous effort.
, this time, they found their visitors strangely attractive.' "
He was still struggling to find an appropriate answer when I shut the door.  I went up to my bed, smiling.
" 'Perverted'? 'Criminal'?  How can you be a criminal when you have hurt no one?   I would gladly apply those terms - and my fists - to those who hurt you, but you are the victim in this.  My grandmother, the Scottish one, had a saying:  'If you're not given what you like, you might as well like what you're given.'  Your adapting to circumstances was a survival strategy, Holmes.  For god's sake, man, you were hardly more than a child at the time!"
Now I had shocked him.  He lunged forward and grasped my sleeve, and even in the ruddy light of the sunset I could see his face go white.  "No!"  he whispered hoarsely, and coughed to clear his throat.  "No, it's not true; you can't mean that...  Say you don't mean it!"
I knew him too well to contest it.  If he - and Mycroft - were certain, then that was how things were.  And now I had to ask.  "Well?  What do you name?"
It was very disturbing.  Holmes allows so few people inside his walls that I normally felt privileged to share a rare moment of intimacy with him, but the sensuality of our current situation was something I had never sought.  I was afraid of what he might do, but I had to admit that I relished having his total attention.
Holmes was gratified to see that the Ambassador, despite his personal grief over the matter, was aware of the need to preserve the scene.  The poor woman had been covered a blanket, but otherwise nothing had been touched.  We stayed back, watching, as Holmes removed his shoes and carefully combed the garden, spiralling in from underneath the very walls to where she lay.
But I was not.  I felt restless and bad-tempered, with a sort of directionless anger and frustration.  My friends had been good company over dinner, the restaurant service to a gentleman's standards, but afterwards...  The women would have been more than acceptable to me as little as a month ago, but I had come away without leaving the reception room, unable to choose any of them for reasons I was unwilling to admit even to myself.
"Please!"  I cried, as the fourth blow landed.
"It's not far."
"I knew it!"  he said, voice harsh.  "This is what comes of allowing emotion to dictate action.  I should not have kept that damn note, but I did.  I should not have become angry when you found it - no, not at you, at myself for allowing it to happen!  - so that I acted towards you in that appalling fashion.  And now it is too late to get back what it has cost me."
"Now I suppose you can see the need for your underclothes to come off?  I can hardly put it over the top of them."
I turned Holmes and pushed him down over the ottoman, took one shot at lining myself up and thrust as deep as I could.  He shuddered and screamed, audible despite the gag.  My breath was coming in great uneven gasps as I tried to speak.
I shall make the assumption that my imaginary reader knows the details of the case as published, and start my account at the moment that Holmes lit the fateful lamp.  For a few minutes nothing happened; it seems obvious enough that the fumes must build up to a certain level in order to have an effect.  I noticed first a heavy, oppressive blackness, that seemed to imply something dangerous and horrible approaching rather than carry any threat of its own, like a black raincloud sighted across a valley.
"Where?"
"Watson, contact with me has obviously corrupted you beyond redemption."  But when he began to undo his shirt buttons, I knew he had accepted the dare.  "You were definitely not so evil and depraved when I first met you."
Doubtless they had scored some success, and would be keen on having an audience.  I turned up the gas and added some more coal to the fire.  I had never been able to work out why I was included in some of Holmes' cases and not others, but I was ever ready to hear the stories of adventures I had missed.
"And my forfeit?"
Holmes took his time with my left arm, obviously making the most of my current permissiveness.  His attentions to my body drew me to focus on the here and now, and my frustration at my tangle of emotions receded.  I felt so much better than I had five minutes ago that I could hardly believe the difference.
"Watson... In the restaurant, were you telling the truth or was that just an invention to disturb me?"
"Not at all, I mean it exactly as it sounds.  I wish to make a couple of suggestions about your attire; you always dress exactly the same way."
"Does this mean that every time you ask me to put myself out for one of your cases, I can expect to be paid back in this fashion later?"
I did as he said, since I was committed to playing out my role now, although I felt ridiculous in that position.  This changed when Holmes, instead of delivering the smack I expected, caressed me with both hands, stroking, then squeezing firmly to feel the muscles.
I never would have found the rock formation at all if I had not needed to remove a stone from my shoe.  The path had dipped into a small gully containing a trickle of water, but to my right it seemed drier, so I turned that way.  It angled abruptly after only a dozen yards, narrowed, then ended in a pile of fallen blocks too heavy to wash away.  There was the absolutely perfect place to sit; the stone walls formed a square niche, a little wider than my shoulders, and a conveniently placed boulder made a seat.  The sun had dried and warmed the rock after the rain, and there was no trace of dirt.  I sat down to remove the pebble, but once sitting I felt disinclined to move.  I leaned against the rock and must have drifted into a doze within minutes.
I reached down to my trousers and undid the two centre fly buttons.  "Why do you ask me?  If I did lie to you then, any answer now could be a second lie about the first lie.   On the other hand, I have heard your opinions on the first-hand collection of evidence."  I leant back into the corner of the compartment, and lifted my eyebrows in a bland expression of inquiry.
I moved to where he asked, although I kept a careful eye on him all the while.  I thought a grimace might have flickered across his face at my caution, but then he was standing with both hands on my shoulders and his face was completely neutral.
When I worked out what this final line said, I could feel the heat rising in my face and I know I must have been blushing furiously.  My emotions were in complete confusion.  My upbringing insisted that a man should never think such thoughts about another man, much less express them in words, but under that was a certain gratification.  This man, Sherlock Holmes, who could draw every eye simply by entering a room, wanted me.  Fairly intensely, too, if his florid language was anything to go by.  And even further down, I felt a tiny swirl of curiosity.
He must have been more certain than I was, since he entered my room within a few minutes.  He stood quietly, and I had to remind myself that he was waiting for me to tell him what to do.  I was not used to such passivity, and I was not certain I liked it.  However, the British Army had taught me that an officer should at least fake confidence in front of the troops, for purposes of morale.  I do suspect they never intended for their instruction to be put to such use.
"Wait..." he warned.
I knelt where he pointed, facing the bed but a couple of feet away from it.  I did not realize Holmes had any reason for choosing that spot over any other until he pushed me between the shoulders and pressed me down onto his bed.  I was not lying on the bed, but only resting my face and shoulders there, leaving my aching member hanging out in empty space, unable to make contact against any surface.
Instead of seating himself next to me, as I had expected, he moved around behind me and knelt on the floor.  He folded his arms along the back of the settee and rested his chin on them, so that his face was level with mine.
"Kneel down."  He threw my towel down onto the floor, giving me some protection from the floor, and I did as he wished, sinking back onto my heels.
"I trust you are content with the results of both your bargains?"  Sherlock asked.
"Normally I would not," he remarked, and already I knew better than to ask him what it was he was talking about, "but that is just too delectable to waste.  Wait here."  He exited into the sitting room.
"Yes.  How many more minutes do you have?"  He circled the table once, quickly, pausing at each corner to do something that I could not determine.
"Holmes?"  I ventured.  I was not used to talking about intimate activities, but confronted with his rigid pose I instinctively tried to reach out to him.  "I think I must concede you another point.  The gender of one's partner is not the most important thing about them.  That... that was wonderful."  I trailed off into an embarrassed silence as my face burned.
"Yes."
He was all solicitation afterwards, helping me to my feet and collecting my crumpled towel from the floor.  "You haven't got too cold, have you?  I would hate for you to fall ill on my account."  I almost laughed at the contrast to his usual cavalier dismissal of my needs, except that the difference was a pleasant one, at least in small doses.  I had no real wish for him to change.
It was almost too funny, watching his face while his words ran down and stopped.  "You want me to... to go out... wearing..."
"Do not worry about me."  He dismissed my concern with a flick of the wrist.  "You have given of yourself without receiving anything back on enough occasions before, I will not think you selfish if you take without returning this time.  Surely you would rather retire."
"Not now, " he whispered close into my ear.  "Not now, but soon."  And with that he pulled back, and I stifled a most unmanly whimper of disappointment.  "Now!"  he cried, voice louder and more cheery.  "Now, Watson, I believe you deserve a little solicitude on my part, so if you will allow me to escort you to your own room, I should like to make sure that you are comfortable for the night.  Unless you would prefer to stop for supper first?  As I recall we skipped that part of the evening.  My apologies, but I was quite distracted by the sight of you kneeling on the floor."
I am loath to write it, but there is yet more to say.  I do not know which thought causes me to shudder more now, in the clear light of day and the solid sanity of Baker Street, but the truth is I began to respond to the creature's stroking caresses even as one last tentacle touched me on the anus.
I did as he said, taking my time to draw my hands back up the inside of my bare thighs.  I touched myself through the remaining thin layer of fabric.  This was not the way I usually pleased myself, but it was pleasant to take time over it for once.
"Strip."  He said, flinging himself down in the room's only chair, and pointing the crop at me.  "Not too quickly."
"No, please... Please do that again." His voice shook, as if the act of asking for something took a tremendous effort.
But Victorian London was not India, and I had curtailed my activities to my hand and the occasional speculation.  Even without society watching, my wounding and subsequent illness had for a long time prevented me from feeling much inclination for anything more.
"I am well.  Indeed, even better than well."  Holmes passed me one of his own dressing gowns, since none of mine were handy.
I knew that I should not permit it.  But it hardly seemed that letting Holmes kiss me on the arm was a matter of great moral or legal impact.  Surely another kiss was allowable, not some major carnal transgression.
"It seems you are attempting to influence my actions," Holmes observed.  "I think a degree of immobilization is required.  Kneel, there, and put your hands behind your back."
"I have no desire at all to get out of my promises. But neither would I have you be in the least degree unwilling."
Lisa nudged her in the ribs.  "Give them an example, it'll be faster."
"And as one cannot serve a fruit salad without fresh cream..."
"But what?"
And so this one turned out to be.  Their conversation was full of allusions and obscure wit, so I will simply summarize it here.  The mother of the current French Ambassador had been quietly puttering among the embassy rosebushes, when she was found dead from a blow to the back of the head.  There was no sign of a struggle, or indeed of any other person at all, and the embassy guards had observed nothing.  The Ambassador himself was naturally possessed by grief and rage, and the British Government wished to prove quickly and decisively that this sort of harm to a guest was not to be tolerated.
Holmes looked at me with a baffled expression, as if what I had said was totally unexpected.  "Is that honestly your opinion?"
At my ankles his hands slid around to the front, and started their journey back up.  I was breathing faster in anticipation as he came up my thighs, still at the same slow pace, and then his fingers were brushing my sac and tangling in my coarse hair.  My stiffening member he ignored completely, stroking my abdomen and spreading his fingers wide once more as he reached my chest, so that he could pass each finger separately over my nipples in a series of caresses.
"Yes, John?"
I had just decided to close my book and go up to bed when I heard voices below in the hall.  The sound was loud and cheerful, the rapid voices of excited men, interrupting each other in their eagerness to speak.  Holmes and Lestrade, I deduced, and in a high good humour to boot.
"Then you can hardly be in a hurry at all.  Are you aware what time it is over there?"
"Hold still."  Not the most encouraging words.  And I moved anyway, in reflex, as something very hot and damp fell across me.  It seemed to be a piece of towelling, soaked in hot water and wrung out, such as a barber might use.
His free hand took my wrist and drew my hand inside his gown, planting it firmly on the back of his leg just above his knee.  It was the first time I had touched him, and I could hardly believe it.  His skin was silken and warm to my fingers, each muscle distinct underneath, and I traced upwards along the entire length of his thigh.
I confess, it took a moment for my brain to catch up, but alone and relaxed with Holmes clearly intent on my person, I think I would have done anything he asked even without the wager.  "What am I to do?"
"Well, you have started out very encouragingly.  Now you have paused, so you suspect I will not like what is coming next.  That usually means the next sentence begins with 'but' and demolishes all that has gone before.  As in 'But you are a perverted criminal deviant.' "
"Will you... will you allow me to ask for your attentions again?"
He did not answer right away, and I snapped: "
"Watson.  How would you like to take a wager, that this reported rain of jellyfish is nothing more than the sober truth?"
Holmes threw his head back and laughed loudly.  "Of course you are!  I would not be doing it otherwise.  John, my dearest, the taste for a bit of rough handling is only like a taste for strong drink or an extremely vile tobacco.  It is best indulged with a view to company and circumstances, but is of harm to nobody, if handled with a measure of moderation and discretion."
There are many possibilities, but I knew much of his pleasure tonight was because of his current triumph over me.  So I chose the most submissive position of them all, kneeling down on all fours on the rug in front of the fire.
He'd like that.  If I took him now, as much as we would both enjoy it, then I would have won the wager but lost this stage in the subtle back-and-forth competition in our sensual lives.  Neither of us wanted a total victory, but neither would we simply let the other have his way too easily.  Two minutes ago I had been in control; now had to prove I could keep it.
"Er, um, I'm sorry, Holmes.  I wasn't meaning to come in, but I dropped my coins-"
"Really, Watson, is that a polite way to ask?  Your manners certainly are slipping."
It had been a
"Your attention is not a light matter," I said, not truly answering him directly.  "I have seen you turn your back on the Prime Minister himself in your own sitting room."
As I moved closer, my swollen shaft rubbed against his leg.  It was an accident, that first time, but so pleasurable that I did it again on purpose.  The crop struck, a hot sting laid neatly next to the previous one.  Holmes did not speak; we both knew what I had done wrong.
He questioned the guards, and other house staff, but being used to his methods I sensed he was only going through the motions.  He did not have the look he did when he had a clear trail to follow.
b) A small musical instrument
And stopped.  I have seen - and participated in - more brawls than I can count, and there are only two reactions to such a threat.  A man will either throw up his hands and step back, or bring his own fists into play.  Holmes did neither.  He went completely still, and closed his eyes, for all the world as if he wanted me to strike him.
Holmes knelt beside me and deftly swirled one of the napkins around the base of my member, tucking the other into his collar.  I realised then what he had in mind: I was to be consumed for his pleasure as he might have done a cigar or cognac.  He reached out with the crop and tapped me under the chin with it.  "You do not climax.  Not until after I am finished."  With that he bent over me and eagerly swallowed down my entire length.
Like many others in the crowd, we stopped in one of the restaurants for supper.  I ordered a large cognac for each of us, and allowed Holmes to get settled.  He inhaled the scent from the warmed glass, took a generous sip, nodded approvingly, and I launched my next provocation under the guise of a casual remark.
He sat for so long after the meal, obsessively pushing an icecube back and forth across the table, that I called for the paper.  Despite his obvious preoccupation, I found a story so wild and farfetched that I burst out in indignation.  "The rubbish they print these days!  Would you credit it?  Now they expect us to believe that yesterday there were jellyfish dropping out of the heavens across London, like some Biblical plague of frogs!  I cannot decide if they are stupid enough to believe it, or think we are stupid enough to believe their invention.  Either way it is ridiculous!"
There was no resisting that tone; I moved as he directed.  Holmes looked at me for a long moment before continuing.
Holmes rose from the chair and slowly circled me.  He stroked my skin with one hand, touching me wherever his whimsy directed.  With all my attention concentrated upon him, I heard his breathing change, becoming more pronounced.  As he came back in front of me, I saw his eyes were dark with arousal and a tinge of colour suffused his cheekbones.
1.) An Isle of Thanet is played with: -
"Are my attentions disturbing you?"  Holmes asked, stopping at about arm's length from me.  He waited for me to answer; Holmes never asks rhetorical questions.
"I sent a cable yesterday, asking the Admiralty about reports of waterspouts in the vicinity of London.    With responsibility for the entire Navy, they have the best records of ocean and coastal weather, especially dangers such as storms. There was indeed a waterspout, in the morning, the day before yesterday.  Do you see yet?  A storm off the coast, reaching up into the coldest parts of the sky, and down to touch the sea.  Thus we get jellyfish, sucked from their rightful place to fall helplessly over the city as the storm disintegrated, and also a chunk of ice, falling with the most unlucky chance on the head of a frail, elderly woman bending over in her garden."
Lisa nudged Haldane again.  "They're still gay."
, and his hands vanished.  "I did say that the crop is used to prevent bad habits," he said, casually, "and I will not have you jumping away at a simple touch.  Put your hands on your knees."
I could still see nothing of another person, but a curl of smoke reminded me of our - my - experiment, and I decided I was having an aural hallucination.  Obviously by his agreeing to participate, Watson was much on my mind, and it seemed natural enough that my subconscious would call him to my attention.  Then I heard the voice speak again.  "I asked you about Watson.  Would he risk his life for you?"
He shook his head.
about it.  You have played me for a decoy, running me here and there to draw attention, while all the time you have planned to leap out and save the day, and without even the decency to tell me that was the job I was to do.  Surely you know I would have done it freely if you had asked."
I was suddenly alarmed to think what else he may have perceived already about what I found arousing, and silently cursed his abilities when he laughed.  "Put your hands on top of your head," he ordered.  A small change in posture, surely, but it made me feel ridiculously vulnerable.  His hands stroked across my abdomen, and I flinched.
"I certainly hope we, too, are not going back to London now!"
"Completely.  I will even offer you the same stakes as last time."  That got my attention.  He must be certain indeed...  but
His voice had a strange harshness when he finally spoke.  "Get up onto all fours.  It is past time that I took you properly."  I shuddered again, with lust this time, and no fear at all.
London.  What I want, and what is so hard to find, is an attractive, intelligent man of firm character who is willing to do utterly as I say, in private."  He laughed, short and bitter.  "And one I can trust absolutely.  It is not a common combination."
That bent him over, giving me an easier angle on his rear.  I wanted to see the effects my blows had, to try and learn as quickly as possible how much force was required.  Another four, and Holmes was moaning in his throat, but I had to stop, since my hand was red and stinging.
My other realisation was exactly how much I cared about him.  I did not just want him as a convenient partner, I wanted
"Ask?" he echoed.  "Not exactly."  His eyes locked onto mine, and I found myself unable to look away from him.  He moved forwards, closing the distance between us, still intensely scrutinizing my form.  I was equally attracted and frightened by his intensity.  I took one step back, but there was really nowhere to go.
3.) Would you be four people with Mrs. Hudson, in order to keep lodgings in a bakery?  How would you treat a surfeit of orgasms?  Reply in any non-European language.
I took a clean sheet of paper and wrote swiftly for a few minutes, then tossed the result to Holmes at the table.  Holmes picked it up idly, but after scanning the page, began coughing and spluttering, while his face flushed.
"Don't say it, Watson."
Lisa watched proceedings for a moment, then started giggling again.  Haldane merely pointed at John's jumper, which had inexplicably turned bright pink with a pattern of blue gambolling kittens.  "If I describe what you're wearing, then you are wearing it, until I write something else.  If I was to add, say, a hat to your head..."
"This might help."  And he took my wrist in his hand, and brought my hand to his mouth, drawing in the index finger only, sucking it and laving it with his tongue.  Then, keeping his hold, he placed the wet finger over one nipple and made me trace small circles, around and around.
His hand grasped my wrist, and wrapped a strip of flannel around it.  I could not understand why, until he knotted a rope over the cloth, restraining me without fear of scraping the skin.  The other end of the rope had already been fastened to the leg of the table, so it was quick work.
"So, the wager is over the time the telegram goes out.  Did you have a forfeit in mind?"
"It stings, but I do not think I am mortally injured."
I flopped back down flat on the floor and sighed.  And a booted foot planted itself on my chest.
I turned up the lamp on my nightstand to examine my new possession.  It was a small volume of illustrations, of the most startling nature.  The figures were all male, arranged in twos and threes in a variety of positions from the obvious to the surely impossible.  I turned a few pages, torn between embarrassment and avid curiosity.
The crop paused.  "You are asking me to stop?  After only four?"
It was just as well that I made such a resolution, for Holmes had fetched a phial of oil from his dresser, and having warmed it between his hands poured it very slowly into the cleft of my buttocks, slowly enough that I could feel it trickling down inch by inch.  The feeling was intensely ominous - I could think of only one reason for the oil, and though I had agreed to it, I was still nervous - but also intensely erotic, as the oil spread over the skin of my sac and began to drip down the inside of my thighs.
"No, Holmes, I don't think that's necessary.  I trust your word as a gentleman as to what they say."  His word as a gentleman, and the fact that I had tried to send a morning telegram to an associate in New York the week before, only to be told there would be several hours' delay due to the time difference.
'This' was an elegant grey silk cravat, quite a change from his usual conservative black tie.  "I suppose this is one of your 'suggestions'?  I assume you know I prefer something plainer."
Then I remembered that he was seeking direction from me, not flowery emotion.  "Go to your room, remove everything you are wearing, then put on your dressing gown and come join me in my room.  And don't take too long."
"Why?"
"You must have some idea of my tastes.  I do not trade favours.  If I take you, I will take you as I want, and possess you utterly.  I may permit you to make requests, but I do not guarantee to fulfil them.  And one more thing:  you may end it whenever you wish, but while we continue, you lie with nobody else.  I do not share."
=========
c) Whoever is standing nearby at the time.
"I wouldn't rewrite your work," Sherlock said loftily.  "At least, not beyond making a few essential recommendations for improvement.  Why?"
I would have thought it could not get any worse.  But my mind was still in the grip of the drug, and despite the lack of logic I could only accept that my clothes had gone in the course of Holmes's transformation.  My arms were bare where the tentacles twined around them, and more began to entangle my legs while one slid around my back and blocked my attempts to retreat.  The monster that was Holmes pulled me forwards even as I had tried to pull him towards me before.
As I reached for him, his hands lifted towards me and I felt hope that he was also aware of our danger.  But then I saw the most awful transformation; each of his fingers stretched out and lengthened, becoming tentacles that wound around my hands and arms as I - and I am ashamed to admit it, but I can only help myself by putting down the absolute truth - recoiled from my friend and tried to prevent him reaching me.
The belt was followed in short order by the fly buttons, but Holmes made me pause again when I would have pulled everything off.  "Just the trousers.  And if you push them below your knees and cross your legs at the ankles, you should get a bit of space to work in."
I could see only the boards in front of my nose, but I heard the slightest swish of cloth as Holmes moved to where I knelt, his own bare feet silent on the floor.  He said nothing.  I trembled a little and hoped desperately that I had done the right thing.  Then I felt the sole of his foot, placed gently on the back of my neck, and knew that he had accepted my surrender.
I made sure to conceal it well before I went to sleep.
Even as I adjusted Holmes demanded more, slipping a second finger into me alongside the one already present.  I gasped and closed my eyes, and Holmes laughed softly.  "I truly am your first.  I had wondered."  He pressed a little harder, and I made a sound halfway between a moan and a whimper.
My mind raced to find the perfect response, to show him how deeply his words had struck home.  Then something about my position called up a memory of the East, where there are no chairs and even senior ministers to a king kneel or sit upon cushions.  I placed the palms of both hands on the floor in front of me, and bowed in the Indian fashion, forehead lowering to touch between my hands and hips rising to allow for the strain in my back.
"No, there!"
"You are not talking about anything recent."
"Ah. Now we are getting somewhere. Compulsory suggestions, I assume?"
"Yes, but we've been this close before, and usually you don't make any sound at all.  Oh..." and I felt rather foolish as the explanation struck me.  "You're about to comment on my naivety again, are you not?"
What I had forgotten was that it had been a long time for me as well.  As I felt his heat close around me, I lost control for a moment and thrust harder than I had intended.  Holmes gasped and stiffened, and I dug my fingers into the mattress and clenched my teeth, forcing myself to stop.  I pulled back, and entered again, this time more slowly.
"Indeed.  More than content, in fact.  The Government is extremely pleased, and I, well, I was extremely pleased."
"Very well then."  I held up my hand, so he could see the end of his leash in my grip.  I indicated the stairs.  "Up."
He rose from his chair and strolled over to me, examining me as if I was indeed a horse he was thinking of hiring.  His hands slid down the long muscles in my back, then came to rest on my hips while he slowly and thoroughly kissed the back of my neck.  I have no idea how he had deduced that it was one of my favourite spots to be touched, but I was not surprised that he had.
I will not fail to admit my own arousal, much as I would like to.  But the tips' touch, like fingers brushing my skin, combined with the rhythmic heavy thrusting of the one inside my body, and above all the awareness that this was still Holmes, my long-time friend and companion, caused my body to react despite what any sane mind would have found revolting.
I had one final moment of insight that this was the drug's doing, and we could still get out.  But there was nowhere for my hands to find purchase on him, no shoulders or wrists for a solid grip in order to pull us towards the door.  And then the drug clouded my mind and I was no longer aware that the situation was not real.
That brought out an acid flash of the Holmes I knew.  "I hope that is not pity, for the boy I was, in a situation gone these fifteen years."
I didn't much care for being called naive.  "That's not much of a compliment to a man my age, Holmes."
"I am not to be manipulated that easily.  You do know that the word 'manipulate' comes from the Latin 'manus', meaning 'hand'..." and his hand closed around me, stroking extremely slowly.  Now his lips alternated between the decreasing pile of fruit, my mouth, and my erection, and the pleasure was so intense I could hardly bear it.
"Just... hold on... a second... more... aaahhhhhh!" I had to bite my own tongue at the last.
"That is most generous of you.  Thank you."
Another smack surprised me.  The sudden flare of pain on my skin fanned the heat in my groin.  But
Impossible.
I also saw that he truly needed me.  He could not practice this art without someone to practice it upon; someone to act as both subject and audience for his abilities.
"Perhaps.  But I did not meant it as an insult either.  Who said you have to be one or the other, or that it is always all or nothing?  Perhaps the gender of your partner matters less than you think."  He gestured to a spot on the carpet, directly in front of the fire.  "I would like to try a small experiment, with your permission of course."
"Watson!"  His voice was shaking, his whole body was shaking, and he looked more distressed than I had ever seen him.  "Stop, Watson, please stop, even if you never listen to me again, please give me a minute so that I can explain."
"Wait a moment."  I paused in putting it on, as Holmes moved to stand close behind me.  "Close your eyes."  And the next moment I felt him touch me intimately, his erect member briefly freed of its confinement and standing vertically, pressing hard and thick between my buttocks.  Even so recently completed a surge of lust burned in my veins and sped my heart.  He rocked once or twice, slipping easily where traces of the oil remained on my skin, and I pushed back into him without thought, reflexively trying to increase the contact.
"Undo all of your shirt buttons.  Slowly, there is no hurry."  His voice was soft, and I had to concentrate to hear his words.  I knew he was watching to see if I was going to go along with him or not.  It was a strange feeling, just like the blend of fear and excitement caused when one is "dared".  I always had terrible trouble turning down dares at school, and with Holmes' assurances that I had nothing to fear...  I undid the first of the buttons, and behind me he breathed out audibly.  He made no other sound, but I could feel his presence, only inches away, as I kept going.
Later the three men were evicted from their tiny houses and due to gravity went south until they wound up in London. Sherlock Homes and Watson were so used to sharing by now that they kept sharing, living with a baker called Mrs. Hudson. Mycroft was very big, and didn't like moving around very much, and so took a job as a seat in the Government. He was so big that in times of crisis, the entire government could sit on him all at the same time. And this was a GOOD THING.
Oh, gods... He was raising the stakes on me, no doubt about it.  He was leaning back, no; he was posed, against the bedpost, hands linked behind his head, one leg slightly bent and with his eyes half closed.  The cheetah collar, that mark of my possession of him, glittered silver and black around his throat.  He was blatantly flaunting his nudity, and challenging me to keep my self-control.
I recalled what he had done to me the last time, and leant in until I was close enough to kiss his shaft, a little awkwardly, then turned my head slightly to fit my mouth better to his shape.  Holmes sighed, and his free hand stroked my hair.
I believe Holmes made it easy for me, stroking in and out, caressing the tight ring of muscle with his lubricated fingers.  I found I was rocking back against his hand, but he stopped me with a touch on my hip, and when I stilled he stroked my back, murmuring in approval.  He was close enough that I could feel the warmth of his body near my bare skin, and the edges of his robe touched me in random places as he moved.
"I said -" I began to apologise even as I lowered myself to the floor, but Holmes cut me off.
I was not privy to his interview with his brother, but Holmes returned in the most cheerful frame of mind I had seen for the last two days.  But it was not until the next day, when he received not one but two telegrams, that anything was made clear to me.  He read both telegrams, and then tossed them triumphantly into my lap.
"How much does Watson care for you?" it asked, and I startled to hear those words, spoken into my very ear when I knew there had been no one behind me.  I tried to turn my head and see the source of the words, but was unable to move.  "Shall we test him?"
Finally given free rein on myself, I took a firm grip on my member and let my hand work at its own pace, squeezing a little in the middle of each stroke and occasionally running my thumb over the top.  I do not think I had ever spent so long on reaching this stage before, and I was certainly ready for it.  As the tension grew in my centre my awareness of everything else receded.
"Not at all.  It is merely shock; he could hardly be expecting me to mutate wildly before his eyes."  I had no idea when this had become a contest between myself and the voice I heard, with Watson somehow both the game piece and the prize.  I kept my grasp on his arms, and pulled myself from my chair.
"Wait."  And his left hand curled around my balls, applying a precisely perfect amount of pressure.  "Now."
"I have a proposal to put to you."
"Ha!  Try and make me!"  Childish, perhaps, but then all of it was a game played by rules only the two of us would ever be aware of.  I curled my fingers and dragged my nails lightly over his skin, wrenching a deep moan from his throat.
I knew we had to get up.  I knew we had to go, each to our own separate bedrooms.  I knew if we stayed still much longer, curled together for warmth, falling asleep was a real danger, with real penalties.  But I couldn't face it just yet.  One more minute first, one minute to last us until the next time.
Sherlock and John continued to look only at each other.  Lisa pointed at a particular spot on the screen.  "You want 'but' with one 't', not 'butt' with two 't's."
Sir Henry had accompanied me into town, but once my letter was safely on its way, he went to pay a formal call on the rector, as landlord to clergyman, where I felt I had no place.  I had no hesitation at returning alone cross-country, the weather looked to hold fair and the path was clear enough to follow.
"Holmes..."
But I have not taken either cocaine or morphine since our return.  Every time the desire forms, something stays my hand.  I tell myself it is Watson's often-voiced concern for my health, and nothing more.
"I am trying to find a way to tell a friend that I wish to accept his proposal, but I am woefully unpractised at such things, and I would appreciate any...
I opened my mouth eagerly, drawing his fingers in one at a time and sucking them clean, using my lips and tongue as he sighed with pleasure at my ministrations.  I could feel, smell, hear and taste him, and the thought of being denied that fifth sense was driving me mad.
"Did you know, I have two tickets for The Magic Flute this evening, with Kristensen conducting.  Will you come with me?"
He did not leave me waiting for long.  He dragged the chair close in behind me and seated himself.  "Move your knees a little further apart," he said, tapping me on the inside of one leg with his crop.  "And no tightening up."  He touched me with the crop again, this time drawing the leather loop slowly down my spine.  I breathed out, and swore silently to keep my body as relaxed as I could.
I am glad the performers were not dependent on us alone to make up their audience.  Few people would have noticed Holmes' distraction, expressed as it was in tiny shifts of his weight or the occasional grimace, but to my perceptions he might as well have been shouting.  I was not much better off, since my awareness that his thoughts were constantly heading in carnal directions caused me to respond in kind.
He started off mildly enough, but it did not take long before he was in full flight, defending the academic element of his cases against my emphasis on sensationalism.  “You have degraded what should have been a course of lectures into a series of tales.”
I felt only mild surprise when I recognised the man emerging from the carriage that had just arrived at our door.  I certainly had no idea of exactly what the very personal consequences to me were going to be.  Not that I minded, truly, aside from the fact that it is always more fun to win a bet than to lose one.
"Four.  It will be enough, since my final order is that you remain completely still for that time."
My member was rigid and aching by now, all the worse because as he moved he kept almost touching it, but without ever actually doing so.  Finally he did touch me there, a small lick at the very tip.  "Now, Watson, you don't want to drip in your dessert, do you?"
"Me?" and at the sound of a meaningful cough from John, "I mean, us?"
"When one trains a horse," he stated calmly, pressing the end of the crop lightly into my chest, "one uses a crop for the occasional rap or smack to get the animal's attention, or to stop bad habits from developing.  No half-decent handler would simply lash away at an animal in his care, or use a crop to inflict damage."
Holmes opened the sitting room door and swept me a theatrical bow from the threshold.  I laughed, cheered as always by one of his rare sparks of mischief.  Lestrade followed, his normal dour countenance replaced by a very non-regulation grin.
Startled by his odd behaviour, I looked at him more closely.  His pulse beat fast in his throat, and he was breathing rapidly through parted lips.  Strange for a man essentially doing nothing...  But I know what sexual desire looks like, and I was seeing it now.
I had no answers for him.  We spent two fruitless hours at the embassy, one in the garden and another one pacing the streets outside the walls.  Hot and tired, I insisted on stopping on the way home for a lunch and something cold to drink.  Holmes acquiesced without interest.
It was a week later that we were invited to dinner at Mycroft's estate outside of London.  Mycroft Holmes rarely stirred from the city, but when he did, it was to one of the most private places in England.  Holmes assured me that his brother's staff were notably efficient and discreet.  Given the sensitive position Mycroft held within the British Government, I could only agree with him.
He compiled without a word, and I took the pillow in one hand and smacked his buttocks with the other.  "Up."  I slipped the pillow under his hips and ran my hands over the welts, and he shuddered.  At least now I was having no trouble maintaining my own erection, with the sight of his nude body presented up to me for the taking.  He must have known what I was going to do next, and still he stayed.
I thought I had been angry before.  Now my temper got the better of my manners, and I shouted furiously, while I clenched my fists so tightly my arms trembled.
"Yes" he replied absently, while intently searching his desk for some item.
He responded with an obscenity I had not even realised he knew.  "Now!?  No way, my dear Watson, no way.  You have been teasing and promising all night, with your words, your hands, and your eyes...  There is no way in the world you are going to get out of delivering on those promises."
He gently removed the blanket and looked closely, then called me over to assist him in rolling her over with as much dignity as possible.  Then he sat back on his heels and remained silent for the longest time.
For a moment I thought Holmes was not going to answer me.  He has never been very open about his emotions, but if he had wished to remain remote he would not be sharing the small expanse of the hearthrug with me.
So I slammed the door of the sitting-room behind me and stalked across the carpet to glare at the fire in the fireplace, burning low at this time of the night.  Holmes laid aside the book he had been reading and watched me in silence for a moment.
"And you of course are the very soul of moderation, " I retorted before I thought.
"Yes, but before I would not have cared.  They have not changed, but I have.  I am not a lover of men, and now it seems I am no longer a lover of women either."  I fell silent, slumped into my chair, staring bleakly into the fire.
"Ten minutes?  Only?"  There had to be more to it.  "Are you talking privately or publicly?"
, and so took the name Myc-ock.
I knew he would not continue without my permission, whether expressed or implied.  I knew equally well that if I refused him, he would never approach me again.  There was no third place to stand.  I took one step into the centre of the room, and I swear my hand opened of its own accord to let the towel fall.
They sat in silence for some time, and then Mycroft heaved himself to his feet.  "I have left instructions with my estate steward that you are to have the use of the guesthouse at any time you ask.  Provided, of course, that the estate is vacant, but then it usually is, and he would appreciate a few days' notice."
"Not at all.  In addition to the main house, brother Mycroft keeps two small guesthouses here.  They are unstaffed, and
From that time events in the case moved so fast that we hardly had a moment alone together.  But in my few periods of reflection I thought deeply about the scene we had played out, and tried in all fairness to come to some reasonable conclusion.  I was not naive enough to think we could just return to our lives and pretend it had never happened.
He started slowly, but as far as I was concerned I had paid my forfeit, and I had never promised that he would have things his way for the entire evening.  I braced myself on my good arm, and reached back between my legs to find his sac, caressing it and squeezing it gently in my palm.  He sped up immediately.
He was all affability, at least to the Inspector.  He played down his own role, bringing Lestrade's contributions to my attention.  When I spoke, he got up and wandered about the room, poked up the fire, or interrupted me to ask Lestrade if he wanted more tea or another biscuit.
"Well, I'm hardly at any great distance from you."
His foot was still holding me down.  He was not pinning me with enough weight to hurt, but with his superior leverage it would be difficult for me to get up, until he chose to let me.  He continued simply staring at me, and I found myself very conscious of the fact that I was in his bedroom, in a most ungentlemanly position.  I thought of the words he had written, and felt myself blushing again.
“Just one thing, Watson.  Do you do this often?”
Holmes spoke while I was considering this.  "But."
In the beginning in the centre of England everybody was very poor and lived in shabby houses called crofts because only people who were good at hand-crofts could keep them together. The oldest son always inherited the family house and so was named My-croft.
All was going well for Sherlock, Mycroft and Doctor Watson.  But an enemy of Mycroft in the government, (who wanted his job as a seat) found out that they had come directly south (due to gravity) and so had invaded London without
Holmes nodded.  "But do you understand how much I may ask?"  He turned me by the shoulders, so I faced away from him.  "What if I was to blindfold you?" he inquired softly, placing his hands over my eyes.  I started to answer, but before I could his hands slipped down and covered my open mouth.  "Or silence you?"  I could feel both the delicacy and the strength in his fingers as he touched my face.  I was torn between wanting him to linger there, and wanting him to use those hands to explore me further.
The Adventure of the Copper Beeches.
"Yes, Watson, I
Only to feel it smack against the ground, on the grassy lawn outside the door.  I was lying outside the cottage, fully clothed, with Holmes sprawled atop me.  He was moaning and jerking horribly, still caught in the drug's fumes.  I rolled him to his back and attempted to rouse him, slapping him and calling his name.  It seemed to take an age before he opened his eyes and knew me.  Even then I could tell he was deeply affected, as he called me by my Christian name and clung to my shoulders for support. Evidently his own visions had been as real to him as mine had been to me.
"That's good, yes."
"Ah, but earlier you had not agreed to my approaches.  Now that I am sure of you, I can concentrate upon my work until another appropriate time presents itself."
I was not hurt, but it was enough of a shock that I lay still for a moment, getting my breath back.  It was from that position that I saw something stuck to the underside of his dresser.  I wasn't intending to pry; I just automatically reached out to see what it was.
"What are you doing here?"  Sherlock asked, ever the quicker to recover from a surprise.
"Now.  I am not going to remove you from the settee, nor am I going to remove your clothes, or indeed mine.  So there is nothing for you to be apprehensive about.  All I want is for you to listen to me.  No!  Don't look at me, it distracts from your ability to listen.  Keep your eyes closed."
The oddest thing was that at first I had no idea I had fallen under the drug's effects, let alone so rapidly.  I was sitting there in my chair, perfectly aware of my surroundings, when a voice spoke.  I knew it was not Watson, for this voice was deeper than his, and indeed it seemed he could not hear it at all, since Watson made no reaction to what at first I thought was the intrusion of a third party.
That was when I had the dream.  I was back in the comfortable surroundings of Baker Street, lying on the couch, completely naked.  I noticed this in that odd way that dreams have, where the strangest things are accepted without any acknowledgement of their strangeness.  Holmes stood by the fire, leaning on the mantelpiece with one elbow, dressed as I had last seen him.  When he caught my eye he smiled and came over to me.  He placed both hands on my shoulders and kissed me, running his hands down my arms, and I reached out to grasp his waist and pull him down on top of me.
It did not take him long; I had already been pushed so far into new territories of sensuality that my climax was only a few breaths away.
"Simple.  You are all in a hurry to send your telegram.  I think no hurry is necessary.  I want you to inquire at the office when it is likely to actually go out.  If they agree to send it straight away, you are right, and I lose.  But if it does not go before, say, twelve o'clock, I am right, and you lose."
"There you are.  The case solved, and our wager decided."
I shouted, which only amused him more.
The oil softened the leather where it rubbed against my skin, Holmes wielding the crop so dextrously that it might as well have been his fingers.  The only word that I can use is that he played with me, stroking here and there so that I never knew exactly where the next touch would fall.  But all of them caressed me in that most private and sensitive part of the body, and twice he brushed across my back opening, making me shiver with a tangle of desire and apprehension.
"Watson, a harmless woman lies dead, violently but with no possible motive.    Her jewellery was intact, her character was completely above reproach, she had no debts and as far as I can tell no vices.  A political kidnapping I can see, to put pressure on her son, but her death achieves nothing for anyone.  Furthermore, there is no trace of any other person in the garden. The lawn around her was undisturbed, so she died where she lay, without struggling.  Not a single footprint near her, despite the dampness of the ground.  No one saw any intruder, either outside the walls or in the house, and the doorman reports no visitors.  Yet the fact is she is dead, from a single terrible blow hard enough to break her skull.  How could such a blow be delivered, without leaving deep impressions of feet?"
I lifted one hand and brushed his cheek, just as I had the only previous time I had touched him with desire.  "Holmes."  I wanted to say something perfect, but I did not know what the perfect words would be. "I will do my best for you."
We sat in silence for a while, as the last twilight died.  I think we were both afraid to speak or move, lest we re-ignite this tinderbox of emotion we had built for ourselves.  But neither could we sit on the ground in the dark forever.
"I would have objected if you had."
I shuddered all over at his voice.  It was like treacle poured over my will; sweet and yet binding.  "Perhaps you should have used that tone with the Prime Minister.  If you had I am sure he would have refused you nothing."
----------------------
I was looking around the room frantically, as if expecting a discretely unlabeled tin to simply appear in front of me.  Then I spotted something close enough, and made a dive for the dining table, undoing buttons as I went.  Mrs. Hudson has always made those hideous little butter curls, but tonight I realised they did have one advantage over a proper solid block.  I grabbed two or three off the top of the pile and squashed them in my hand, then smeared the resulting mess over my member.
-------------------------------------
I wondered briefly if it had been deliberately planted for some reason, but given its concealment, I had to believe it represented his true private feelings.  I read it several times, but could only make one interpretation of it.  Then I noticed that there had been another line, written in pencil and then erased, leaving some marks on the paper.  I rolled onto my back and held the sheet up towards the window, trying to read what had been there.
Holmes spoke first.  "Watson, you are a treasure."
I straightened up, determined this time to do better, especially with the advantage of foreknowledge.  His hands returned to my abdomen, then rose unerringly to find my nipples, which he tweaked and caressed with skilful fingers.  My nipples tightened into hard bumps, matching my already hard member.  It stood fully erect, wanting the physical attention that it was not receiving.
There is little more to say; most of it in is the published account.  It went down in local folklore as one of those stories they like to tell on stormy evenings, of horrible deaths and insanity.  I am only thankful that the drug seems to have had no lasting effect on the two of us.  And now I will read through this account one more time, and then burn it lest it ever be seen by another.
Normally I would have hesitated.  To cross that bridge from friendship to physical intimacy without being certain of one's reception can destroy a man's reputation, but with Holmes I knew that even if I were totally mistaken he would never breathe a word of it.  My right hand opened and my fingers brushed gently down his cheek.
Standing as we were, with his body already between my arms, I could not reach my wrist without closing my arms together around him, bringing him even closer.  I kept my eyes resolutely closed, but I could smell the scents of soap and hair pomade, and feel the warmth of his body.  He stood quietly, making no motion to take advantage of his position, but still I struggled to concentrate.  It took me several tries to remove the link, a task that normally would have taken no time at all.
I pulled out of him as soon as I peaked, aware of his own aching state.  I twisted him over on the ottoman, so now his belly and groin thrust upwards, while long limbs fell away to every side.  I gave him one hard swipe with my right hand, still greasy with the butter, and plunged down on him with my mouth.  He cried out again, muffled, as every muscle tensed to push desperately upwards towards me.  I dug the nails of both hands into his buttocks, and sucked, hard, feeling the soft outer skin sliding over the hardness beneath. He lasted no longer than I had.
It must have been the shortest act of intercourse I have ever committed.  I like to think that I made it six strokes, but I suspect it was only five.  It may have been four.
"You liked that?"  But I had already seen the twitch I had not seen earlier.   "Go over there, and put your hands on the seat of the chair.  Keep your legs straight."
The meal was superb, as it should be when one entertains at such a height, and my only disappointment was when we ended with a selection of cheeses, following the French style, instead of a dessert.  Not that I dislike cheese, but I must confess to a particular weakness for sweets.
"Many things, or one thing by many names.  Honour, reputation, self-image, pride...  Would Watson abase himself for you, allow you to take away his sense of self?"
Unfortunately an isolated body of water in a tub does not stay warm forever.  Eventually I had to heave myself out and begin drying myself off, but even out of the bath I still felt much improved.  Now the most serious problem I had to face was deciding if I should simply go to bed, or put on a modicum of clothing and return to the sitting room for some reading.
as I say."
I was holding back desperately on the climax I could feel beating at my reserve when Holmes sat back and dabbed at his lips with his napkin.  "Very good, Watson.  As you like, now."  He circled the base of my member with his thumb and forefinger, smiled, and made exactly one firm stroke from base to tip.  My seed burst from me as he reached the top, gouts of it, as my body shuddered in delight and relief.  Holmes shook his head in mock dismay at the mess, and reached under my back to untie my wrists, saying only, "Clean yourself up."
being fussed over.
I was expecting the hardness, but not the heat.  Intellectually I suppose I should have, with the strong flush of blood so close under the skin, but I was hardly thinking analytically.  I licked, softly and then with more confidence, from base to tip, with the touch of his hand on my head urging me on.
"Indeed."  was all he said, but if I was reading his eyes correctly, I was in for some serious trouble the next time it was me who lost one of our wagers.  "Would you mind closing your eyes for, say, a count of thirty?"
"Should I say your sexual experience, or experiences?"
"Good.  Now, close your eyes."  His tone was low and warm, what I thought of as his "charming" voice, and I had seen its effectiveness on others before.  When Holmes is certain of what he is doing, he carries all along with him.  "Keep them shut.  Now take your left hand and remove your right cufflink."
Then he tired, and lay quiet in my hold.  "Watson will not hurt me," I pointed out to the voice, for the first time initiating an exchange.  "Not even in this shape you have forced upon me."
"And your mission is to seek out evil and depravity and see that it gets treated as it deserves?" I teased, my voice caressing him as my hands dared not.  I held tight to the bag to keep from reaching down and adjusting myself within my trousers as he stripped in front of me.
He had already corrected me, once; but I ignored the warning in my need for contact.  As I slid my hands around from hipbones to the small of his back I allowed my erection to touch him again.  This time I was anticipating the blow, but it never fell.
“What, write smutty tripe like that?  I should think not!”  I was laughing as I left.
They were hardly the words of a man whose long-awaited lover had just declared himself.  There was still something wrong, something that I knew I was missing.  "Why have you been waiting?  I cannot believe, with your ability to discern so much about a person from the slightest contact, that you cannot have determined my preferences after years of sharing quarters.   Why stand back and just wait for me?"
I also wondered why he had done it; had it been only for me, had he received pleasure for himself from his actions, or was there some other reason I could not imagine?
But in the split second between when I had gained my feet and Holmes had moved away, I had clearly felt his hard maleness press into me and I was glad to have the back of the settee to lean on, to conceal the trembling in my knees.
This I had done before, if only once.  Surely this time I could do it better.  I had never thought of removing my clothes with an audience, but with Holmes openly watching I tried to move steadily, without hurry or hesitation.  I folded each item as I went, placing them in a neat stack out of the way.  I was ready this time for the idea of being completely naked, and managed to continue my rhythm as I pulled off the last of my underclothes and put them with the rest.
I was well used to my own member, the feel of soft skin slipping over hardness, like velvet over oak.  But this was different, my tongue and lips vastly more sensitive than my hands, those underrated senses of smell and taste driving my actions.  The savour of him intoxicated me.  My tongue seemed to move of its own accord, curling to try and clasp his shaft, as would a hand.
Sherlock and Watson starting taking cases, in fact they were better at it than anybody else and so took better and better cases. With the amazing stuff they found in the cases they were soon much better off financially, and Watson was finally able to buy a first name, and after some discussion picked the name Doctor, and after that was always known as Doctor Watson. He was so pleased with his new first name that the Homes brothers wanted to buy more names too, but since they had first names already they settled for buying an extra letter each in their surname, and so became known as Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes.
And all the time I was aware of the wetness inside my trousers, and could only hope that Holmes would fail to notice in his disoriented condition.
"Give me fifteen minutes, by the clock.  And you might as well have something to eat while you're listening."  I placed a couple of slices of toast on the empty plate on his side of the table, and pushed across the covered dish containing the scrambled eggs.  I did not look at him; I simply behaved as if he had already accepted my offer. "Tea?  You don't have to natter if you'd rather not."
"Mmmmm.  Remind me, Watson, not to use cabs too much on my cases.  It would be a shame if you got lazy and let this handsome set of buttocks get all flabby."  Then in one smooth motion he stepped back a pace and smacked me sharply across the right cheek.
He must have been watching me most closely.  As my completion passed and I went limp and relaxed in the glow that follows he leant in, left arm still solid around my hips, and pushed his thick hardness into my body.
It was a fight between his self-control and his body, but his body had my enthusiastic assistance. His hips slammed into my buttocks, over and over, until with one last great thrust he cried out and I felt his heat spread inside my own warmth.  I fell flat upon the carpet, with him stretched over me like a blanket cut in my own shape.
"And since then? Have you made trial of any other possibilities?"
"No.  Leave that alone.  I want it."
It was amazing, the two moods the moor could show.  Under the rain clouds or in the dark of night, no place on earth could have been more forbidding and I think I would have signed over my pension not to spend a night out there alone.  But the sun brought out a flourish of life; every green imaginable, while from close to the ground came the small noises of unseen animals seeking food, sought in turn by the hawks soaring overhead.  The strong sunlight felt good, and could well be the last decent warmth we had before the winter.
I have no idea how the voice had gained such control over me, but I was helpless to resist its suggestions.  I acted solely in accordance with my own desires, touching and stroking Watson everywhere.  I could see his fear and disgust, yet I continued, insinuating myself into the most private parts of his body.  He fought me, trying to tear free, and yet I could tell he was reluctant to use his full strength against me, for all his attempts were to pull himself lose, not to strike or harm, no matter how repellent my form.
"I was in such a hurry to assist you tonight, I skimped a bit on my own arrangements.  I'm wearing absolutely nothing under these trousers."
At that point I stopped, aware that Holmes had stopped his fidgeting and was staring straight at me.  "Let me see that."  He said, in a tone so commanding that I handed the paper over reflexively.  He read the entire article thoroughly, twice, then looked back at the table, where only a small puddle of water showed where the icecube had been.
"Well?  Did you like that, or did you not?"
"Yes, all what?  Thirty seconds of it?  Holmes, I'm sorry.  But..." and he hushed me, laughing a little.
With a last low, guttural noise he climaxed, hips slamming against me and a sudden stinging heat inside my body.  His hands fell onto my shoulders to support his weight, as he slowly recovered himself.  After a long silence he pulled back from me and rose, wrapping his dressing gown fastidiously around his form, then fetched my nightshirt and offered me a hand in rising from the floor.
"I can't stop now, I must get this telegram off."
"Demanding, aren't we?"  he teased, reaching back with one hand, and used a single finger to just brush the outside of my opening.  "Here?"
There is a difference between hearing something and believing it.  I had heard Holmes say that a gentle touch did nothing for him, but only when my fingers brushed within an inch of his member without evoking even a twitch did I truly believe it.  Well, I had promised him I would try and deliver something he could respond to.  Besides, none of my previous partners had ever left disappointed, and I was not going to spoil my record now.
I have published before my account of the horrible affair in Cornwall under the title of The Devil's Foot Root, in which I gave an account of my hallucinations under the effects of the drug.  What I omitted were the very specific nature of the images that assailed me, and I find that they continue to haunt my mind.  So now, with Holmes away and the house to myself, I shall attempt to put them to paper.  I find that this is most efficacious in clearing such thoughts, and afterwards I shall burn the account to ensure that no record of it survives.  Some things should never be revealed, not to anyone.
"Stop," the single word crisp and cutting.  "Back there, and kneel."
But I only smiled and remarked: “Perhaps you are correct.  But even as a detective must not only discover the truth, but also evidence to convince a jury, I must not only describe what happened, but also produce stories that will sell.  The Strand is a popular magazine, so my stories are couched in a popular style.  Maybe I should look elsewhere to place accounts of your work, so that a different style can be employed.”
"Your permission."  I managed to gasp, riveted by the lure in front of me.
Eventually Watson and Holmes had stayed long enough to qualify for an invasion of England and were able to go home, so they cheerfully left the Isle of Thanet (and Dawn) behind them.
I looked, but gained very little.  A waterspout was like a tornado formed over water, a violent swirling storm that stretched down from the clouds to the surface of the water.  "Most frequent in, but not confined to, the tropics." it concluded.
"Watson sees me as his friend," I replied firmly.  "And it would make no difference to him if he knew.  He knows my actions will always respect his preferences."
Starting at my shoulders, he spread his hands wide and ran them slowly down my back.  I would have thought they would feel cool on my skin, flushed from the bath, but they were warm and where they passed it felt like fire.  There was no hesitation when he reached my buttocks, fingers bending to fit the curves as his thumbs dipped in between, where I had never been touched before.  I shivered at the feel of it, and then he was past and moving down my legs.
Of course I have read Watson's account of his hallucinations under the influence of the Devil's Foot Root.  Either he has concealed the truth, or the effects he felt were very different to mine.  He reports vague impressions of darkness and danger; my images were sharp in image and sound, with a precision that shakes my confidence that I always know what is real and what is not.
I faltered, and looked down, but he gripped me more tightly and tilted my face upwards, insisting that I answer him.  "I - ," and then I blurted out, "I am enjoying it."  My face was scorching hot with embarrassment.
"Back up a couple of steps, I'll steer you.  Now sit down."  he said, placing me on the settee.  "Yes, I insist.  There."
"I have treated him badly before, and he has accepted it," I replied a trifle stiffly.  I prefer not to recall those occasions.
Both of us flinched.  I stared at the red blotch spreading on his skin, and stammered: "Was that too hard?" as he swayed a little on his feet.  In for a penny, in for a pound... "Pay attention!"  and I slapped him again.  "I'm getting tired of asking you everything twice!"
"Quiet!" I flicked the leash I was still holding, to remind him of it.  Then a better idea occurred to me, and I pulled out the silk cravat and gagged him with it.  His hands came up by reflex to stop me, but I hissed at him to continue removing his clothes.  At the same time my mind was working on one last unexpected problem.
I had already decided that I would have to be the one to open the matter.  If Holmes had only ever acted the passive part, he was unlikely to change overnight and suddenly make advances to me.  And consideration of the matter had shown me much to desire in him as a partner.  He was fastidious in his personal habits, an essential for me, and while his frame was slender, it was well enough made to invite further exploration.  He was intelligent and educated, and as for the negative aspects of his company, well, I was already suffering those without the compensation of a physical relationship.
I returned to find that had not moved from his chair, except to keep his pipe filled with tobacco and the room with smoke.  I asked if I could be of any use, but he only grunted and waved me away.  I was too accustomed to this behaviour to take offence, and went to bed hoping that illumination would occur before dawn.
"Oh, Watson, most privately, I assure you.  Trust me."
He reached out with two fingers and traced a line starting behind my ear, down the side of my neck and along my collar, curling under my tie as one might hook his fingers into a dog's collar.  "What do you have to say for yourself?"
"Indeed.  And I hope that you will choose to comply with it."  Holmes slid into the small space remaining between me and the wall, trailing his fingertips along my shoulders as he moved.  "All I want is for you to release that towel you are clutching so desperately around your waist.  I am curious; is the view of your body as fine from the back as it is from the front?"
"Under these circumstances," I gasped, "I am more than willing to let you have your way."
He didn't hesitate - the distance from the theatre district to our home is not a long one - but slid his delicate fingers through the gap and wrapped them around my bare member.  He shut his eyes then, and squeezed gently.  Intense pleasure surged through me, and I suddenly realised the danger I was in.  Give him another free minute to work and he could ruin everything.  "Careful!"  I whispered.  "I have plans for that, later."
I had little choice, really, kneeling there on the floor with my hands still bound behind me, but I assumed he meant not to move from that position.  He nodded approvingly when he returned, kicking the low brown ottoman into the room and carrying a couple of linen napkins from the dining table.  He placed the ottoman behind me and ordered me to sit upon it, then pulled me backwards by the shoulders until they, and my head, rested on the floor.  My legs stuck out the other way, leaving my hips lifted and my straining member thrusting towards the ceiling.
"...we have to get up.  I know."
Holmes was standing over me; his feet planted either side of my hips, his hands resting on my head, caressing my hair.  I turned my head sideways so that I could press the side of my face into his groin, feeling the hardness against my cheek and inhaling the scent of his arousal.  I lifted my left hand, but he snapped "No!" so I let it fall back onto my own thigh.
I believed I understood him now.  "And you are here to make a perfectly simple request of me?"
"Steady, John, steady.  Keep your rhythm even..." he murmured, closing his lips again over the swollen head.  He began teasing at the slit, just barely touching it with tiny flicks from the tip of his tongue, and I groaned aloud and twisted in my place.
"Your brain processes sight with a greater priority than sound, and I want you to listen to me without distractions.  And no more
"Six.  I did not say you could speak.  Now be still."  Ten minutes ago in the sitting room I had felt the flare of his desire, but now he was all calm self-possession again.  He stepped back and considered me, taking time to savour the humility of my pose.  I expected him to stop behind me, but he came to stand directly in front, and only inches away.
"I have to believe you," Sherlock said, his voice a little strained and his eyes wide.  "Since I am seeing the effects for myself.  So,
I was not the only one affected.  As close to him as I was, I could not miss the movement within his gown as his member swelled and stiffened.  His pulse beat against my temple and his breath was loud in the confines of the room.  Even his perspiring hand on my shoulder spoke of arousal, sweat forming on his palm as his fingers tightened.
He smiled at that, that thin smile of his with no humour behind it.  "You don't do anything by halves, do you?  Not even that endearing blush of yours."  He pressed slightly with the crop, and I automatically tilted my head back, exposing my neck and the small visible part of my chest, both flushed as red as my face.  I suddenly realised just how much I had gotten into the habit of doing whatever he said, without complaint or requests for explanations.
"Let us remove your vaunted propriety.  What if you were to press your attentions on him, in the face of his objections?"
Holmes laughed softly.  "Use your hands on yourself.  No furniture between us this time."
"I was going to say,
Holmes
I only grunted in response.  I did not look at him, and when he rose from his chair and threw his book at the wall with a curse, I literally jumped in shock.  Holmes stalked into his bedroom, returning only a minute later, carrying a familiar piece of foolscap in his hand.  This he shredded and flung into the fire.
Holmes hesitated before speaking.  He had just opened his mouth when the most appalling conviction filled my mind, and all restraint was swept away in a wave of pain and anger:  "Unless it's your damned vanity!  You can't show any interest in me, oh no, not you, the man who is above all such mundane matters, but you can kindly accept my advances if I throw myself at you in an uncontrollable fit of passion, so the resulting weakness is all mine!"
I reached down, intending only to straighten myself up and continue with my walk, but my hand lingered.  I would not normally consider indulging myself out of doors, but it seemed a shame to waste the combination of such a delightful mental image and all too physical readiness.  As to privacy, I was probably more alone tucked into this corner of the moor than inside my bedroom at Baskerville Hall.
The skin on my stomach, sensitive enough already without its recent scraping, quivered as Holmes began placing cool, damp objects seemingly at random.  The fruit was wet with its own juices, and as he continued I could feel small trickles starting down my sides and pooling in my navel.
Indeed, it seemed that it was just what he wanted to hear, since he turned away without another word and left the sitting room.  I went to my own room to wait for him, hoping that somehow I would be able to make this work.  I turned down all the lights, and added some more wood to the fire to ensure the room stayed warm.
We called a cab not long after that.  I took care to summon a closed one, so we could at least have privacy from watching eyes inside, even though we still had to guard our voices.  I pulled down the blinds as fast as I could, so that I could grab Holmes by his lapels and bring his mouth to mine.  We kissed without finesse, hard and forceful, tongues exchanging drops of cognac along with the unique taste of each other.  We must have been halfway home before we broke off to breathe, lips bruised and hunger still unappeased.
"I do not see how such a test could be performed."
This seemed a very odd request, but I had gone along with everything else, and besides there was no urgency at the moment.  I continued to use my right hand, rubbing with the ends of my fingers and my nails since I could not close my hand around the shaft.  By now it was eagerly bouncing up into my palm, wanting the solid grip I could not give.
"Exactly.  I doubt they will even try sending your telegram before lunch.   So why not join me?"
I recall the night things changed.  Mrs. Hudson had cleared the dishes and bid us goodnight, and I was trying to decide if it was worth going out for a walk to occupy part of the evening.  I was staring out through the windows, so Holmes was behind me when he spoke.
It stung rather than hurt, less of a blow than I had received on numerous occasions at school.  Holmes placed one finger gently next to it.  "How did that feel?"
I am not sure how many tentacles there were in Holmes's final form.  Certainly at least half a dozen, for one held each of my arms and legs, while another supported my back and there were more that I could see moving.  Then the horror of my situation intensified, as one more began the most gentle exploration between my legs.
He continued.  "The warmth of the air at this level melted the ice before she was found.  Since I was in my socks, I did notice a much wetter patch of ground near her body, but was unable to account for it at the time.    Both the jellyfish and reports of other lumps of ice have been confirmed by brother Mycroft's informants, and if he says the reports are trustworthy, then you can be certain they are. You can check with him yourself if you wish, but the answers will be no different.  The case is solved, and the wager is mine."
"No.  Oh no, Holmes, tell me that isn't what I think it is.  What are you doing?"  I could have wished for my voice to be steadier.
"No," he repeated, but more gently this time.  "Not today, but perhaps someday.  There will have to be certain understandings, but now is not the time.  For now, I want you to pleasure yourself, and I want to watch it happen."
It is a good thing that the bed was only a few feet away, for we were both unsteady on our legs as we stood. It was comfortable; at least I think it was, for the short time that I was in it before sleep swept over me.
Lestrade and I both laughed in response.  When they were able to stand each other's company long enough, success was almost inevitable; Holmes had his imagination and Lestrade his resources.  I felt the smallest flicker of envy.
"I want you to remove the clothes you are already wearing, and fetch your collar.  Then I have one more 'suggestion' ", and I idly waved the second bag, "before we cover you up, all correct and proper."   He was still staring blankly at me, and I decided one more push was in order.  "Come on, man, move!  If you just stand there we'll miss the overture."
I was still panting and gasping, but no longer making any attempt to get away.  Holmes held me, twined securely in his grip, while he stimulated me to the most intense pleasure, inside and out.  Unable to resist his touch any longer, I shuddered as I climaxed, arching my body and throwing my head back.
to obey him, to give him everything he asked.
'Watson, I was wondering if I could have your assistance with something."
"So, then.  Follow me."  Holmes said, releasing me.  His expression would have seemed impassive to another who knew him less well, but I could see the avidity in his eyes.  Seeing that he felt as much desire for me as I did for him spurred my own arousal.  And his voice...  it was cool and controlled, a voice with not the slightest doubt that it would be obeyed.  Between the authority in his voice and the lust in his eyes I
By the first week of December I had decided that Holmes was not going to take me up on my offer.  It had been difficult, especially at first, to live in the same rooms with him and attempt not to put him under any pressure, but I discovered a solid upbringing in manners really does serve one well.   In effect, I tried to behave as if there was always a third person in the room with us.
"What of risking his reputation before the world?  Strong words during an argument do not risk that.  Would he do something for you, that if asked for by another, he would reply that it was impossible?"
He had finally found what he wanted, and was copying out an address from an envelope, presumably for the telegram.  "You were what?"
It was warm and remarkably soothing.  I could feel the muscles in my arm relaxing, and with the tension went much of my bad temper.  There was also a distinct shiver of arousal along my nerves, especially after my disappointment earlier in the evening.
"I made a perfectly simple request of him, and he refused to oblige me.  Why should I not turn my attention elsewhere?  You must know by now," he said, closing the distance between us, "that I will have things done my way or not at all."
And would he do it again?
I had no objections, although why he wanted to have sex on a table with a perfectly good bedroom next door was beyond me.  With the blanket beneath, I was comfortable enough.  Then he brought over a long strip of heavy black cloth, and blindfolded me.  He placed it so that my nose was uncovered, but he blocked the hollows beneath my eyes so I could see nothing, even when I tried to peer out from under the edge. "Is that comfortable?"
"I hate it when you say that."  Ten minutes?  I did not know whether to be relieved or insulted.
I had no idea that Holmes had even moved until I felt a warm wetness close over the very tip of my erection.  I opened my eyes in pure reflex, and found I was looking down at the back of his head as he knelt in front of me.  My hips lifted of their own accord towards the sensation, but his hands pressed down on my thighs and held me still.
=================
"No!  It just seemed strange.  You do not want me to reciprocate your attentions?"
"You said, in private, but what about the rest of the time?  How could you maintain any public respect for a man who kneels naked at your feet in order to arouse you?"
Holmes moved around to kneel behind me, and his fingers traced down between my buttocks and brushed over my opening there.  He must have been carrying something in the pocket of his robe, since I could feel the slickness of some oil or salve on his hand.  "I would advise you to relax," he remarked conversationally.  "I am going to have you regardless, but it will go more easily on you if you do."  Then one finger pressed inwards, very slowly, and he entered me for the first time.
yes" I moaned, my hips pushing up quite without my control.  Holmes moved faster, his hand still playing in that most sensitive area, and when he squeezed his interior muscles I screamed and thrust into him as far as my bonds would allow.  He moved in perfect rhythm with me, squeezing and meeting my thrusts, until I came so hard I felt I would tear apart, and I nearly fainted.
I knew that Holmes was not finished shaping me to his desires.  If he had asked simply for physical gratification I would already have agreed.  Perhaps it was the very readiness of my acquiescence that made it insufficient for him.  He desired my body; I had no doubt of that.  But he had greater needs.  He wanted my unmistakable, and complete, submission.
My completion when it came was unremarkable except for his presence.  I know that he noted every detail of it, and felt his hand caress my cheek and heard his voice: "Good, Watson, very good."  I had pleased him despite the lack of physical evidence of it on his person, and I had that reward, given to so few, of his complete and undisguised attention.  I did not feel degraded by kneeling at his feet, but more as if we were two halves of a whole, both getting more from our joining than we could alone, despite the disparity in roles.
"Cost you?  What do you mean?"
I could not lie to him; he would already have read my answer in my very body.  "Do you have to ask?"
"Why?"
, I cannot treat you as they did, even if you wish me to.  If blows are all you want, I must decline now.  However, I have no objections to delivering a bit of rough handling, short of fists and blows, so we may be able to meet somewhere in the middle.  And my last word: You will have to ask me for my company, if you decide you want it.  I will not make it difficult for you, the barest request will do, but I will not even pretend that I touch you without your consent."
"On that point, I have a gift for you."  Holmes took a book from his dresser and handed it to me.  "I acquired it from the library of the house Lestrade and I raided tonight.  After all, the owner can hardly complain that it has gone missing."
The challenge both shocked and aroused me.  I would like to claim that with the animal shape had come an animal nature, but I knew I had wanted Watson for a long time while in my human form.  I touched his genitals, revelling in their warmth and texture, and with a certain shameful delight realised that I had more tentacles that I could bring into play, and used another to stroke down the cleft of his buttocks and seek intently for his opening.
I considered this; he did have a point.  But I countered, "Any sexual relationship we form would always have to be completely cut off from our daily lives.  And that is your responsibility as much as mine."
"I refuse to believe that my forfeit consists of accompanying you to the opera.  Come on, Watson, give!"
"Take some comfort, Holmes, in that I hold you have honourably completed your forfeit to me.  I will stop pressing you, if you ask it."
I sank gratefully into the hot water, submerging as far as possible.  The heat soaked deep into my bones from all sides, as nothing else could.  I tried not to think, especially about problems; the patients I suspected I would lose this winter, the state of my finances, the persistent ache from my wound.  I let them all drift away.
"If you go to a whorehouse, Watson, you must expect to find whores."  he said, but not ungently.
Elated, I repeated my slow stroke, back of knee to top of thigh, so I knelt at his feet with my arms clasping him.  Holmes stretched up languidly, his hand absently pulling at the tie on his dressing gown.  He pulled the robe open with deliberate slowness, teasing me with the gradual revelation of his body.
"You could have asked me why I was so certain about the matter.  Indeed, you probably would have thought of it if you hadn't been so worn out by this case.  Why don't you get some sleep?"
"Where is it, Watson?"
Holmes passed me the 'VET' to 'ZYM' volume of the encyclopaedia.  "If you look under 'waterspouts' you may find some useful information."
"Is that some new euphemism of which I am unaware?"
I did not.
"Remove all of your clothes, then lie down on the table, on your back.  And no dawdling to use up time, I want fair payment from you."
"Perhaps I will.  This once."  And he bent to resume his kiss, his graceful form stooping over me where I knelt.  The crop dangled from his wrist, the loop end brushing the welts on my buttocks.  I twitched and wiggled slightly in my place, and I sensed Holmes' amusement at my discomfort.
Very well.  I decided that I had licence to move my hands, and slid them up his skin to cup his buttocks, flatter and more muscular than any woman's.  I placed a kiss on the hollow inside the bony jut of his hip.  His hand smoothed my hair again, and I understood I was doing as he wished.
-------------------------------------
2.) Define a lestrade.
"Did you think I was back here reading the newspaper to pass the time?"  But his voice was more wryly affectionate than anything else.  He took my wrist again, this time pulling it back over my shoulder and placing the fingertips against his throat, so I could feel his pulse beating in the artery there.  Definitely faster than it should have been, going on his physical activity only.  "Now forget about me, and pay more attention to yourself.  Why don't you undo your belt?"
PART THE SECOND
"Wonderful?"  he echoed.  "That is a compliment indeed.  I am glad that I suit you better than those uninspiring whores did."  He smiled, the one with real feeling behind it that I saw so rarely.  "And now I would think that you wish only to go to bed and sleep?"
It is strange, the small chances that can lead to major turning points in one's life.  My first full day at Baskerville Hall had seen a clear sky, but for the next two the weather had been so terrible that Sir Henry and I had been confined indoors, reliant on billiards and books for entertainment.  Finally the mid-October grey had blown away, and after lunch I was determined to walk into town and send my letter to Holmes, coming back with a long ramble across the moor.
bad day.  I had been out in much of it, doing my rounds in the continuous damp rain that caused so many cases of illness.  I sometimes reflect on the irony that I am always busiest in the worst weather.  Even after I got home, I was almost too tired to eat dinner.  I could not seem to get warm, even standing directly in front of the fire, so after the minimum possible meal I headed for the sanctuary of the bath.
"Unwilling" he said hoarsely, taking my hand and pressing it to the bulge on the front of his trousers, "is not the word I would have used."
"Down on your knees.  You were rude to my guest; that calls for... five strokes."
I stifled a gasp as the bump stiffened, and felt the lightest of touches on the other side, his hand demurely remaining outside my shirt.  His very restraint was wearing away any remaining objections, that and my rising arousal.
"Yep.  You're fictional characters, so I can write pretty much anything I want, although I do like to stay inside the lines set down by your original creator."
That was all true, but it was not all of the truth.  If it was simply a matter of not wanting his attentions I would have told him outright and either trusted his self-control, or moved into other lodgings.
I have rarely felt as many emotions at once as I did when Holmes spoke to me out of the twilight and proved to be our mystery stalker.  Surprise, relief, gladness, and then strangely enough anger.  I had been so conscientious in writing my reports, thinking of him in London, reliant upon my work.  Instead he was lurking here, watching me scuttle about on his errands and no doubt caustically listing my mistakes.
"My decision, my dearest," he answered.  "But you do seem very distracted.  I shall have to take care of that, so that you are able to concentrate."  He released me completely, and for one moment I was horribly disappointed.  But his hand closed around my shaft instead, pumping it firmly as his long left arm wrapped around my hips and held me close back against him.
