"Forgot to stop...", he mumbled, Cas squinting at him in confusion.
"I'll tell you immediately", Cas promised, and Dean looked so pleased, even though it was
"Thank you, Cas." Jack's smile is wide, youthful and oblivious. "That means a lot to me."
Silence. Awkward. Dean supposes it's better if Cas isn't the first to start talking, though.
Dean turned his head so he could press a kiss to Cas' temple before leaning back, looking into his eyes.
"Cas?"
"Shhhh." He silenced Cas with a playfully scolding glance, making a statement by actually kneeling down to get the last ones. "It's fine, Cas. I don't mind."
Cas looked at him expectantly, eyebrows risen in disbelief. Dean felt like someone had just dropped a heavy stone in his guts.
that escaped his lips between kisses, and suddenly they were pressed together, Cas lowered enough to make their chests touch, eliciting a soft gasp from both. The angel leaned his forehead against Dean's and breathed heavily for a moment, but didn't draw back. Dean lay still and held his breath, overwhelmed by this new feeling, the warmth of all that skin touching his own, the rise and fall of Cas' chest against his own. It was by far the closest they had ever been, legs slightly tangled (there was so much happening Dean had almost forgotten about the legs), chests touching, foreheads pressed together, breathing each other's air.
"I-" His voice gets lost in the angry sparkle of blue eyes fixed on him, the untypical curse that escaped the angel's mouth. And when has Cas gotten this close, anyway?
"I have", he says firmly. "And it's part of why I want it. I wanna..." He presses his lips together, but his eyes are determined and never leave Cas'. "I know I'm not good yet...with that whole affection in public business. But it got better. You helped me. And I think this will too. It would...give me a way to show it without actually having to do anything about it, y'know? And I do want that, Cas." Dean smiles, suddenly shy, but no less sure. "I want people to look at me and know that I'm yours. And that you're mine."
look, the Cas-look that's reserved just for Dean and seems to say
"Dean." There's the hint of a question in Cas' hesitant voice, and no, he absolutely fucking will not let Cas see the state he's in. He hears the rustling of fabric as Cas moves on his chair, moves
"Dean." The angel's head is tilted, eyes squinted in wonder. "Of course I meant it. The Empty wouldn't have been summoned if I didn't." It sounds so easy, Cas saying it like that, as if it makes so much sense, as if it didn't just knock the air out of Dean's lungs. "I wish I could take that burden from your shoulders and say that I didn't", Cas goes on before Dean has found his voice, "but I can't. I can't pretend anymore, not now that it's finally out there. I'm just so- I'm so tired, Dean." Cas smiles, lips pressed together, and Dean can see it again, the exhaustion from before, the exhaustion Dean knows himself. "I'm tired of pretending I don't feel the way I do. So, I'll leave that knowledge to your disposal, to do with it what you wish, but...yes, I meant it. Every word. I still do."
'. He remembers that it had felt wrong to him, even asleep. Something telling him that this couldn't be real, because Cas would never do this, say these things. Not his Cas. But the anger and disappointment on that beautiful face had been so intense, his words -despite the sense of wrongness- sounded so true.
So Dean was right after all. And Cas had been right in his assumption, too.
want to live. I don't want eternity, not without you."
"Only getting a wet cloth, Cas", he soothed, leaning down to quickly press his lips to the angel's forehead in reassurance. "Gotta clean you up. And maybe...take quick care of this", he added as an afterthought, squirming to readjust the uncomfortable situation in his boxers.
If it had ever been one thing for him, it had been right. It was what had helped him the most, overcoming the pain, the memories, the flashbacks. It had been the contrast, the feeling of good and
"He...he doesn't see me that way", Cas says with a sad smile. "He doesn't see
They need a fifth chair now, Dean realises, and for a second an image flashes through his mind, the thought that he could just scoot over to Cas' chair, sit in his lap under the cover of having to make room for Jack. Sam would probably tease him, but it's not as if he hasn't already, Cas wouldn't mind, Dean's sure he wouldn't mind, maybe he would even welcome it, would enjoy the stolen moments of closeness as much as Dean would. He wouldn't even need to ask, could just move and do it, just reach out and...
But it's useless to continue his fruitless search now. He has no idea how to go on, where else to look, what else to try. He called his name and checked everywhere he could think of, twice, he's worried and frustrated and exhausted and angry with himself.
He trailed off, panting, eyes wide and desperate. His arms had started shaking violently by his side and he felt like he couldn't breathe. A hand drove through his hair as he tried to close his mind against the images that fought to flood his senses, scattered pieces that fit together to one horrible, torn picture.
"You'll get to hear it for a long time."
"Of course you're tired of dealing with this, Cas."
Dean makes quick work of their pants and underwear, it almost seems like there's too little ceremonial to it, but Cas doesn't seem to mind in the least, eagerly welcomes every touch and press of lips Dean bestows on him.
"Now tell me what you see", Cas asks, voice so soft Dean almost can't stand it, couldn't deny him if he tried. So he stares, mouth slightly open, mesmerized by the warmth in Cas' eyes, the affection, the compassion, the
"Good." Dean looked at him for a moment, as if contemplating if Cas had really sufficiently understood. But then his eyes turned impossibly soft and he opened his arms a little wider in invitation.
Dean smiled to himself when he felt Cas' eyes resting on him, brow wrinkled in confusion.
"I always was your angel, Dean", he says quietly, smiling to himself even though he has to lower his eyes at the truthfulness seeping from his own tongue, "and nevertheless, I didn't always agree with you in the past, either."
He's beautiful, Cas thinks not for the first time. In fact, he's thought it so many times and on so many different occasions that he lost count. Because Dean is always beautiful. He's beautiful when he laughs and beautiful when he hunts and beautiful when he fights and beautiful when he saves the world. He's beautiful in joy and in anger, in sadness and determination, in fear and exhaustion. He's beautiful every minute of every day, when he smiles just as much as in the depths of despair. Even when death had been knocking at the door, he'd still been beautiful.
Cas still had to get used to this Dean, this Dean who said such things, and made them sound like a relief and an embarrassment at the same time. He didn't quite know how to estimate it all the time, but was grateful nevertheless. He guessed that Dean pushed himself past his comfort zone because he knew Cas needed to hear the things he usually wouldn't have said, but even Cas himself could only begin to understand how deep that need was actually rooted.
Hell...
"Why did you do it?" Maybe he should have let the angel finish, maybe it would have been less dangerous, wouldn't have made that spark flare higher in Cas' eyes. But the words tumble from Dean's lips, and he simply doesn't have the willpower to stop them. "Why did you do it, Cas?" He runs a hand over his face, closes his eyes for a moment. "My head tells me you must have had a good reason but I just can't understand it."
"C'mere, then." Cas followed willingly, let himself be guided to roll over so Dean's back was resting on the mattress, Cas hovering over him. Dean couldn't help but reach out and brush back a strand of hair that had fallen into Cas' forehead.
Dean groans, turning his back to Sam with both hands on the edge of the counter. He leans his head over the sink, closes his eyes to steel himself for whatever there is to come.
And what the fuck was Dean supposed to say to that?
The reply was sure and immediate despite the breathiness in Cas' voice, and Dean just couldn't help but kiss him again before he leaned over to retrieve the bottle of lube from the nightstand, making sure to warm it between his fingers. Cas was watching him, swallowed thickly, but he left his legs open and relaxed, once Dean's hand returned to its task.
"Come on, where are you, buddy? Miracle!"
That's strange. But well. Maybe the guy's taking a shower or whatever. Not that he needs to do that, but Cas had taken up some habits since he'd been human, and who's Dean to argue against the advantages of a nice hot shower?
What? No, that's not-
His hand was digging into Dean's hip, Dean's cupping the side of his face in a display of tenderness that stood in vast contrast to the growing neediness in both their movements.
"No, hey now. Come on."
And he felt incredibly guilty about it.
who you are."
"You bet." She lightly bumps his shoulder with hers before letting the calm settle again. She's not quite made her point yet, and she wants to make sure that he really listens. Not just hears, but understands.
So Dean
He did, and oh yes, that was so much better, worlds of shimmering warm green and gold instead of the dark.
If there's anyone that would be able to see something worthy left in him, it would be Cas. He would tell him that forgiveness is nothing you get because you deserve it...but because you need it. He would tell him that...stars can't shine without darkness or some poetic shit he just randomly comes up with.
His name was a breath of air, warm, soft, caressing him like the summer breeze ghosting through your hair.
"You're alright", Dean said softly. "We'll just have to make you relax again, yeah?"
"I didn't think I had the right to ask that of you."
"So should you, Dean." Cas' voice is calm and soft, and apparently he
It was a strange mixture of feelings rushing through Cas at the thought of Dean leaving. There was a familiar discomfort, the same reluctance to even let him out of his sight he'd gotten used to feeling for years now. There was a new dread underneath, irrational but too strong to ignore, the fear that he wouldn't return, or that he would, but not as himself. And then there was a sick sense of relief, a spark of something he shoved away in disgust. No. He wouldn't allow this to put a stain on the way he felt about Dean, he would
"Is that...is that something you're scared of, Cas?"
The sentence hangs in the air between them, unfinished, yet heavy with implication.
There's an ache in Cas, put there by the ache in Dean. His chest contracts painfully as he stares sadly at the person he loves more than anything in this world and tries to think of something to get around that self-boycotting mind, a mind lying that he's good for nothing but taking care of everyone and everything except himself.
Well then, let's see how we got here, shall we.
There's something running through Cas' body, too, making him tremble just the way Dean had, and Dean bites his lip and closes his eyes, forehead leaned on Cas' shoulder.
He climbed back into bed, lay down on his side to mirror Cas' position, looking at the angel with a smile. Cas hesitated, bit down on his lower lip.
Also, I'm a sucker for soft Sam and Cas, ok? Don't judge me. That's all I'm saying as excuse for this.
Cas squeezed his eyes shut as if in pain. He could still feel it now, the sensation of fingers digging bruises into his skin echoing in his body.
"Don't do this, Cas", he says without thinking and Cas flinches slightly at the echo of his words from the dungeon, but this is not what Dean meant, this is not what he meant at all, not this time.
"They're happy to have you", he tells Jack truthfully. "You're doing a great job up there, kid."
It isn't that. Or well, yeah, it is. But it isn't
He suddenly felt very tired, mentally drained somehow as he got up and walked over to the other side of the room to slump down on an empty barstool, staring at the bowl of peanuts so he wouldn't be tempted to look back, counting them like he'd spent nights and nights counting Dean's freckles.
Cas trailed off, but it wasn't hard for Dean to read where that sentence was truly going, with how plainly it was written all over the angel's face.
. You are so...
Holy-
"Cas,
"You can't catch diseases, can you?"
"They're just happy, Jack", is what Sam says instead, and why the hell does even that make Dean feel like blushing??
"I lost the dog, Dean." Cas finally looks up at him and the wide eyes shining with held-back tears hit Dean like a wall of bricks. "I'm so so sorry", Cas hurries to say, his gaze flitting around in the room, hands gesturing wildly. "I told Sam to leave him here so he could have some time alone with Eileen and then when I let him outside, I..."
"Cas..."
The first contact was short, a featherlight brush of skin. Still, it made Dean shiver.
It'll come to him eventually, he tells himself. He has everything else under control. He got the rings, one from Jack, one from the jeweller, and they're both more than Dean could have hoped for. He'd paid the nice lady extra, and when he asked Jack what he could do to thank him, the kid had flashed him an adorable grin, asking without any embarrassment if he could be the flower girl at their wedding. Or well. Flower...Jack, that is.
He waits for the reasonable reply that's undoubtedly about to come, waits as Cas looks at him, just looks at him,
Anger flashed through his body, hot and white, surging through his veins and forcing him to his feet.
"Hey! I've had relationships!"
"Jack helped me."
If Sam was able to watch them more than was absolutely unavoidable without throwing up, he'd probably have found it to be worse than ever. They're not staring at each other anymore, but there is a sheer unnumberable amount of stolen glances when they think the other isn't looking, minutes of fixed stares on turned backs, longing looks when one of them leaves the room. Like- what the hell? Why pretend not to want to be in the same room in the first place and then throw such sickeningly yearning glances after each other?? And
"It's
He can go back to that. Right?
"I ain't bitin', man." Cas tilts his head,
"Why not?"
His thoughts are interrupted by the familiar rustling of wings in the air. They haven't heard this sound for a while. Not since the day Chuck-
The desperation clawed its way out of his chest, turned his words hurried and his eyes pleading.
Gods, I hope you're gonna like this one. Fingers crossed!
Jumping right in for the vows!!
, Dean, but they don't define you, they're not who you are." He draws Dean's hand closer, the one he'd healed earlier, and looks down at the undamaged skin. "I want to know every scar", he says, stroking over the knuckles with his thumb before searching those wide green eyes again. "Every flaw. Every imperfection. Show them to me and I will show you how to love them. You may think you are too damaged and too broken to allow yourself to be happy, but you can choose differently, Dean. You can
The angel in question stirred in his sleep, ripping Dean out of his deep thoughts. He could hear him whimper into his pillow, just pitiful sounds that Dean tried to soothe with his hands stroking Cas' arms where the angel had rolled into his side in his sleep.
Dean's eyes had been wrong. His voice, his hands, even his taste.
"I thought so." She doesn't let anything show about her noticing his nerves. Better keep him comfortable.
Cas tilts his head (something he can somehow do to the usual effect even lying down), looking at him for a long moment. And Dean's stupid heart has absolutely no business beating so hard in his chest as he waits for his answer, realising just now what he's been thoughtlessly saying in his hazy state.
He glances up at Cas, too quick to catch the smile that the angel can feel spreading across his face before he's already looking down again, shaking his head to himself.
Dean shrugged lightly.
timing.
my own happiness. Because I do, and it's not out there, Dean." He gestures to the door before driving a hand through his already messy hair, takes a steadying breath. "It's not in anyone but you", Cas says then, calm and sure "it can
"How do you wanna do this?"
"Next time?", he asked then, and Dean couldn't help but smile.
"There's nothing wrong, Sammy", Dean says instead, pretends like he's used to.
If he thought back to that sick bastard's face, he could just imagine what that son of a bitch would have liked to do with that ass. But not on Dean's watch. Hell no!
It was a relief, being able to trick his mind, finally experiencing the sort of comfort Dean's touch had always given him. Before. He'd wanted it back. He'd wanted it back so damn much that he could feel the tears prickling in his eyes at how good it felt, and he simply let them fall. It was freeing, crying. Like letting the tension flow out of his body through his tears. He shortly thought about how it would probably cause Dean to worry, but he could feel guilty about that later, for the moment he simply buried his nose deeper in Dean's shirt, soaking up his warmth and
"Innocent?" Dean' eyebrows snapped up in disbelief. "
Dean's words slowly sank in, their meaning spreading in Cas' body, filling him with numbness and cold.
"Dean?"
Dean was perfect as always, followed without complaint, let himself be guided completely, all control given over to Cas' lead. The smiles he gave were soft, his eyes gentle.
, it shoots through Dean's head.
"Mhm?"
"She's the sensible voice of reason in a family of people ruled by their emotions. She carries the responsibility of supporting her family, the weight of feeling with her sister, her mother...and over that she often forgets to look after her own heart and well-being."
Instead, he leaned in slowly, gaze flitting between Cas' eyes and his mouth, his heart beating so loudly in his chest in expectation of something he'd craved for so long that he was sure Cas must be able to hear it, close as they were. He hesitated a second before their lips touched, hovered there for a moment before slowly, tentatively brushing their lips together. It wasn't more than that, just the featherlight touch of skin against skin for a brief moment before he already drew back to estimate Cas' reaction. The angel had his eyes closed, his face somehow tense but still calm, and it encouraged Dean enough to bring their mouth together a second time, lingering a bit longer, pressing down a bit more insistently, but still gentle, chaste.
"Please, I couldn't- not again, I...I can't lose you. I
And for the first time since he'd been created, Castiel thinks that he might become quite fond of the concept of sleeping himself.
"Will you let me try?"
And finally, he's asleep, and Cas is still there.
Cas was doing well. Or better, anyway. As good as could be expected.
His fingers flexed involuntarily at the train of thought, squeezing Cas' cheek, and he felt the angel shudder above him, couldn't tell if it was in pleasure or discomfort.
it, the gaze burning into him. He stays still, pretends not to notice and doesn't dare turn, keeps smiling a smile that feels more forced with every second that passes. And then it's gone. Cas looks at Jack and the tension leaves Dean's shoulders as he releases the breath he's been holding.
Heyyyyyyyyy it's been too long. My exam phase is starting and my lectures aren't done yet and I'm not as much in writing mood as I would like it. Anyway, this is what I managed to throw together. Jeez, how did it happen to be 5:20am again? Wellllllllllllll (pls don't kill me, dearest Charlie)
It had been one of those days when he felt especially lonely, was constantly reminded of how the one thing he wanted was something he knew he couldn't have. He had those days sometimes, those days when he felt like he didn't know anymore if he wanted to drown himself in love, vodka or the sea.
Heeeeeeeeeeeey, this chapter turned out much longer than I thought, so I split it in two to be able to post something sooner! Not sure how satisfied I am with it, but anyway. I hope you're gonna like it. I'm gonna go to sleep now, it's almost 4am, oops.
Cas shook his head, caught Dean's hand in his and pulled it to press a kiss to his knuckles.
"Okay." Dean nodded, leaned their foreheads together. "If you're sure. We can stop at any point, yeah? Just say the word."
angel. Hell yes.) So he does. Because he can now. He's allowed to.
Cas started slowly, just fingertips brushing in featherlight circles over the soft fabric of Dean's t-shirt. He enjoyed the warmth he could feel radiating from the skin underneath at the small point of contact, encouraging him enough to eventually let his whole palm settle. Dean's chest was solid and smooth beneath his movements, rising and falling steadily with each breath. Breath that drew new life into Dean's body, made his blood flow and his heart beat. Cas had been captured feeling Dean's heartbeat beneath his hand when Dean placed it there, a heart that he could remember putting back in its place, restoring it to beat again.
He'd agreed to this because Cas had asked him to, because he couldn't say no to Cas, especially not if the angel was asking for his help. But maybe a part of Dean had also said yes because this would give him an opportunity he'd never thought would come, would allow him to experience something he never thought he could have.
Always so kind. Always so patient. Always everything he needed.
"Breathe, it's just me." Dean kept his touches light, only applying more pressure once Cas nodded at him to go on, concentrating on deep, calm breaths.
"And you're sure?"
Dean looks at him for a long moment before slowly placing his hand over Cas' on his cheek, just holds it there while he turns his head to press his lips to Cas' palm.
"I know", was what left his lips instead, truth whispered into silence.
"Free."
Dean nodded.
to talk about it. I just assumed you would prefer to forget", Cas tells him, and
"So you...ah." The colour on Dean's cheeks has darkened what looks like at least ten shades, a hand coming up to rub his neck. "You know, huh?"
Dean shook his head to himself, as if them being here was as much a miracle to him as it appeared to Cas, as if Cas choosing him was a gift to Dean, not the selfish act of an angel unable to refrain from claiming what he had no right to, the selfish need of a heart loving beyond reason or control.
to look at. "And she seems...very partial towards you, too."
On the way back to the bunker, he watches Dean throw a stick for Miracle, scratching the dog's fuzzy head when he brings it back. Dean smiles. And Cas smiles, too.
. It sounds...right. It sounds as if it's supposed to sound like that. Damn.
"So...it's basically like...I can feel it flowing around me, in everything, everyone. And in feeling it, I can envision them. The colour, the shape, the intensity. And sometimes, two things are connected. Like Dean and Cas. You're all connected, actually. But...the strings between you and Dean, or you and Cas, they're...different. They're strong, but..." Jack slightly shakes his head, trying to put into words what his own mind is still learning to grasp. "...different", he eventually finishes, looking up at Sam with a little shrug. "With Dean and Cas, it's like...their energies aren't just connected. They mingle when they're physically close, and the further they're apart, the more their energies seem to flow and pull in the other's direction. That's a very vague description of what I'm sensing, but...I can't describe it any better. It's like their energies attract each other."
anyway. You avoid each other, you barely talk, you leave the room. Dean, you just freaked out on Cas so bad the guy practically fled to his room."
"I know, Cas. Thanks." It's true. They've both done stupid shit. They've both done extraordinarily stupid shit. But always because they though it'd be the right thing. Always because they thought it would protect the other. They have to work like that. The way they'd led their life leaves no room to look after yourself. If they don't look after each other, who will?
The slick finger brushing his rim had Cas gasping, his hand in Dean's tightening its grip.
"I know", he whispered, and Dean felt himself release a breath. "So am I. But we'll always be scared until we overcome that fear and take the step."
"Sorry", Dean muttered. "I can't help it."
"Stronger?" Cas seems just as confused as Sam had been himself receiving that information. "But that...makes no sense", he murmurs as if speaking more to himself, eyes wandering over the floor at their feet. When they snap back up, there's a hint of nervousness wrapped up in the tangle of emotion. He opens his mouth, closes it again, licks his lips. "Have you spoken to Dean about this?"
"Cas?"
"Hey, you wanna- Ehm." Dean clears his throat, points his thumb in direction of his room. "I thought I'd take Miracle out for a walk. You wanna come?" Cas smiles again, and it seems...freer, somehow.
Cas shifts on his feet, hesitates.
The angel didn't answer, didn't even look at him, just continued to wander down Dean's body, leaving small pecks and nibbles in his wake. Before Dean knew what was happening, Cas had positioned himself on top of him so Dean's half-hard cock was trapped between his ass cheeks, punching a surprised moan out of the hunter when he experimentally rolled his hips.
on top of that.
"You trust me?", Dean asked, and of course Cas did, of course.
"We can try again, if you still want to", Cas offered, but there was too much hesitation, too much insecurity in his voice for Dean's liking. He wouldn't let Cas push himself, and certainly not because he thought Dean wanted him to. So he shook his head.
"What?"
"That's a surprise."
He wanted to bury his face in his hands, hide away from Cas and those eyes, flee from the guilt and the shame and the pathetic pleading,
IT IS DONE. AND IT WAS SO CHEESY OMG. I'm so sorry I couldn't stop myself xD
"Nothing, man." He grinned back at Cas, shaking his head to himself.
"You thought I kissed you because I was drunk", Dean realized, and shit, he was such an
Neither of them can know yet that there will be many more days just as perfect as this one. All they have to do is live them.
"That scenario hadn't crossed my mind", he says, completely serious, and Dean snorts.
"I froze up, Cas", Dean whispered, voice shaky, blinking against the stinging in his eyes. "I couldn't move, I- I was so in shock, I wanted to scream and bite and fight but I- I tried to stop him. But I wasn't strong enough."
He immediately dropped his hand, tried to capture the angel's attention by lightly shoving at his chest so Cas would lean back. Their kiss broke, but Cas didn't slow down, started to kiss a line down Dean's neck instead.
"I don't know about that, Dean. I practically threw myself at you at the restaurant and that man didn't even really touch me."
"Yes", Cas breathed, and Dean had to close his eyes for a moment. "Please, Dean..."
It's going all wrong and he doesn't know how to- he doesn't-...
"That's good. Go back to sleep, Cas."
"Hey, Eileen." Cas smiles, adorable and just a hint awkward as he shifts on the spot, apparently unsure if to step forward or not. Eileen takes pity on him, opening her arms in invitation with a grin that's quickly mirrored by Cas when he realises what she's asking. He wraps her into a hug that makes Dean's heart clench and eyes sting and he has to look away.
"Heya, Cas..."
A tear made its way down Dean's cheek, and he let it.
"Obligated?" Cas stops him with a disbelieving frown. "I don't feel any sense of
The way the thought forms in him is sudden and unbidden, and in a strange way he knows it's true, even though he's not exactly sure what it means.
It had started like it always did. But when it was usually over, it hadn't ended there. He'd watched how Lucifer left, turned back into Dean, a Dean who looked at him in horror as he understood what had happened. A Dean whose eyes filled with guilt and shame and disgust when he looked at him. A Dean who couldn't stand to be around him after that day. A Dean who had left, and never returned.
"Sorry", he mumbled, didn't know what else to say, how to make it go away.
"Yes.
"I'm sorry."
Dean looked actually relieved, and Cas simply had to lean forward and kiss him, a chaste little thing to reassure them both that turned deeper and more heated, and before Cas knew it he had Dean pinned beneath him again, licking hungrily into his mouth and swallowing his moans while his thumb drew circles around the hardening bud of Dean's nipple.
Some day along the way will have Dean standing in front of the bedroom mirror, smiling when he sees grey in his hair, because he simply can't believe he actually made it this far, and Cas will come up to him, hugging him from behind with his chin on Dean's shoulder and painted with some grey of his own. And he'll point out with a smile that most people wouldn't rejoice about this, but what could bear more truth than Dean replying that they certainly aren't most people.
And finally, finally Cas' head lifted slightly, questioning blue eyes carefully finding Dean.
Cas sighs, a sigh that sounds heavy with all the exhaustion and sadness in the world.
holding him, even if his chest grew wet with tears. Cas had chosen
But he decided not to dwell on it now. He believed that Dean thought he meant what he said, even if he might not know what he was talking about. That had to be enough for now.
.Â "I drank a lot."
"And I couldn't bear to lose that. That was what made what happened so impossibly hard to take, you know. Not the pain, not the humiliation. Just the thought that those things might keep me from enjoying your touch again, all the small moments I'd come to love and cherish so much. I couldn't bear that feeling being taken from me, Dean. Or miss out on anything beyond", Cas added with a smile, slightly shrugging his shoulders. "I didn't know if there was even a chance I'd ever get to have you, to really be allowed to love you the way I'd always wished I could...but it didn't matter. I knew I had to at least give myself the certainly that I would be able to take that chance, if it ever presented itself. So here we are."
"You..." Dean swallowed. "You don't remember?"
Cas hesitated for a second, but then he felt himself moving, let Dean coat his finger in more lubricant. In a sudden need for contact, he leaned down and pressed his mouth to Dean's leg, pleased at the hum reverberating through Dean's body. His lips travelled inwards to nibble at the tender skin of his inner thigh, felt how Dean's hand stroked through his hair in return.
"Love you", he breathed out even though his voice was shaky, because he wanted to and he could and Cas needed to know.
"I guess not", Jack grants him after some consideration. "But...it's just not very like you", he points out, bold and innocent as ever, earning him a snort from Sam.
Thanks to my friend Charlie for giving her blessing for that song...aaaand for helping me with song ideas for the mixtape (even tho she didn't know what it was for haha so now I have a second tape in mind full of sad Taylor Destiel songs xD)
"From where?" Cas' voice dipped down into a growl, the sound sending an involuntary shiver down Dean's spine.
Falling asleep that night had Dean curled around his angel, an arm slung over his chest to keep him close, nuzzling into his neck, and Cas was holding onto the hand securing him, making sure he was safe and home.
, Cas. And this..." He gestured to Cas' body. "To me, this is you, how I know you."
He sounds far more confident than he feels, surprised that his voice isn't shaking from raw fear. Because that's what it does to him, the image of Cas halfway through the room, motionless yet just on the verge of disappearing. There's fear, and it's drowning and gnawing and irrational Dean just knows he can't let him walk through that door.
, and everything was perfect. Cas' lips were soft and plush and desperate, nothing like the unresponsive stillness Dean had met the first time. Cas kissed like he was starving for it, like Dean was the very air he needed to breathe, a hunger behind his motions that stole every last thought from Dean's cloudy mind. He moaned unabashedly when he felt the tip of Cas' tongue flicking out to tease at his bottom lip, instantly opening up to grant Cas access, allowing the angel to take from him whatever he wanted. Dean knew he didn't have much to give, but hell if he wouldn't let Cas have it all.
"I'm sorry", he says now. It's a whisper in the crook of Cas' neck, a confession that leaves Dean's lips unbidden. He supposes it's better that way.
He didn't even try to make it to a bathroom before he threw up all over the floor.
Weeee, I'm excited, dunno why, should be used to it by now shouldn't I. Gee, okay, hope you like it, love yall! ðŸ’™
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have-" Dean tried, but he couldn't finish the sentence, something in his chest constricting painfully at the mere implication that any sort of contact between them could be something
"I'm good now", he says then, shifting uncomfortably, and Cas doesn't really understand what caused this sudden change of atmosphere. Except maybe- "See? You can go back to your room-", Dean says, sounding harsher than he probably anticipated. "I-If you want", he quickly adds, having Cas wrinkle his brow.
Love was both greedy and selfless.
~oOo~
They're here because they love each other.
Just because he couldn't show his feelings, didn't mean he doesn't have any.
Dean flops down on the chair next to his brother, shaking his head with a smile.
"Touch me", the angel breathed between kisses, something in his voice finally causing Dean to stop his ministrations momentarily, leaning back to look down at Cas in surprise. The angel was a fucking vision, face flushed, the colour spreading down his neck and onto his chest, pink lips plush from kissing, his pupils shining and dilated just enough to leave a small ring of heavenly blue.
"What the fuck, man?"
"No", he'll say, certain that he means it, and Dean will nod with a smile.
Dean watches how Jack lets his eyes wander over the table, the subject apparently closed to him now, moving on without giving it a second thought. He smiles to himself through his still lingering state of shocked disbelief.
"Not much. Couple days", she tells him confidently, as if reading his thoughts. Or perhaps, Sam likes to think, she actually wants to see him as badly as he wants to see her. They hadn't kissed again, after that first time, right before she left. They hadn't really talked about it either. There had never been time. There had been...moments. But never time. Or never the right time. Shit, he's not gonna end up in one of those unspoken sexual tension nets Ã  la Dean, is he? Nohohoho.
He watched happily as Dean's features brightened even more.
How much did you see?"
"I love you", he hears mumbled against his mouth, feels both their lips curl.
"Maybe..." Cas swallowed. "Maybe if you showed me..."
Woah. That was a blow Dean hadn't expected. He could have sworn there was a hint of hurt peeking through the veil of anger in Cas' voice, but it was gone so fast he couldn't be sure if it had ever truly been there. Now, there was just fury staring back at him.
"Hey, angel." Dean attempted a smile. "Welcome back."
"I'd like to try something." Honestly, he wasn't sure about this idea at all, terribly afraid that it would backfire and make things worse (
Cas smiles and blushes just a little.
"Just thought I'd take Baby out for a drive", Dean tells him as he makes his way around the table. "Has been some time since we hit the road. Y'know, don't want her to feel neglected." He leans forward, hands placed on the map showing the U.S. "Whatcha reading? Found a case?"
"Or even just if you don't like it", Cas added.
"Okay." Dean looks at him from the side, eyes squinted curiously, but then he shrugs. "Keep your secrets", he says, but it sounds more teasing than reproachful.
"No. I mean yeah. It was fine. It was...good. I-I liked it." Dean grins a little sheepishly. "Go on?"
~oOo~
friend, surely he-"
Dean's head snaps out from under his cover.
He could feel how Dean pressed a kiss into his hair.
He looked at Dean questioningly, hesitant, as if he needed to ask his permission.
He couldn't suppress the whine ripping out of his throat when the tip of Dean's length finally pressed inside him. Dean's lips descended on his, and Cas welcomed them gratefully, felt the flashes of phantom sensations stirring at the back of his mind, but this was different, this was slow and gentle instead of rough and careless, the glide smooth -this was
Cas is Dean's human credential. If he stays, there must be something good about him left, right?
"Hey, I know, Cas." Dean sat up slightly, stroked through his hair. "I understand. It's okay."
You can kill me, it's fine.
Oh God no, he wasn't going to throw up. He'd thought....but why would Cas... Dean swallowed hard.
A yeah. It's gonna be sufficient to have him there, have him in his sight - living, breathing proof that all of this happened, is still happening. Yeah, that's all Dean wants at the moment.
"Wha- Really?"
But if Dean said he didn't mind not going further...if he said he'd gladly keep doing this just because it was with Cas....did that mean it was more than just..what Dean had called the physical desire?
"I hope that too, Cas."
When Cas looks up at him, there's a clear question in his eyes, several actually, things like
"Yeah", he whispered, held Cas' gaze for another second, and then the angel moved, Dean's eyes fluttering shut the second their lips met.
And Cas can do this.
He hates it. He doesn't know how to make it go away.
"Damn, I'm no good with this shit, Cas. Words. Feelings." The word feels strange in his mouth and he swallows, tries to adjust his tongue to the unfamiliar sensation. "You know that."
He'd contemplated praying to him, apologizing again, just...to do anything, really. Not sure what else he could do. Fixing shit had never been Dean's strong suit, especially not shit he'd fucked up himself.
But Cas broke him off, shaking his head.
"Cas, I...I-" It's easier to find his voice when he's not looking. It's still hard to find the words. He squeezes his eyes shut, exhales a shaky breath. Cas blinks when he meets his gaze again and Dean is grateful for it, gives him a reason not to fall under that spell and drown.
"C-Cas?"
And somehow, Cas could feel some of the tension seeping out of his shoulders, the fear keeping his stomach twisted in a painful knot retreating to a nervous stinging. Of course Dean would know just what to say to make him feel at ease.
"So good", he heard the answering gasp, causing him to smile against Dean's neck. "So good, angel."
"This is no sacrifice, Dean!" Cas' eyes do this thing where they seem accusing and pleading at the same time. "I'm not sacrificing anything! At least nothing I'm not more than willing to give."
He could see how Cas relaxed further into the mattress, biting his lip to stifle another moan.
"I don't want you different." He smiled down at Dean, hoping to convey the whole truth of that statement in his eyes. "I like you the way you are."
"So." Dean looked up, a new sparkle in his eyes and a grin on his face, and Cas knew the 'chick-flick' moment was over. "What would you say to breakfast?"
, he thinks.
"I love you, too."
Probably.
"We're what we've always been", Dean told him, smiling. "You're my best friend. You're the love of my life. You're mine and I'm yours. The only thing that's changed is that now...now we're-"
Ever since that day, Dean's had every word the angel said engraved in his memory. He tried to put it off, but it just won't fucking leave him alone. Hell, he'd told him he-
seeing him, actually wanted to see him. All of him, flaws and stains and broken pieces, and Cas knew what he meant, had found the same wish in his heart more than once, the desire to be able to share everything with Dean, everything he had to give, to have Dean
Dean opened his mouth, closed it again. He breathed.
He wants. Oh fuck yeah, he wants to. He wants to talk all that crap off of his chest. And who to tell if not Sammy? But this is not a question of wanting. This is a question of being able to. And he can't. He can't.
"Ah, I wouldn't be so sure about that if I were you", he says, but sits down nevertheless and she grins. "You should've heard him. Telling everyone with ears how you took out those vamps all by yourself."
"It's not?"
"Dean, can I..."
The tearstains on Cas' cheeks had dried. He breathed.
"We can just stop", he suggested softly, stroking a thumb over Cas' cheekbone so the angel would know that he just tried to be considerate, that he wasn't rejecting him. "We can take a break. Wait until-"
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
"Ah, Cas", Dean grins and wobbles his eyebrows, trying to get a smile out of the blushing angel. "Is it something kinky?"
"That was..."
But Dean shook his head.
"He does?"
"I guess I'm just...still getting used to it", he said, attempting a lighthearted smile, missed by about a mile. "The thought that you're here because you want to be. And not just for the sake of helping me. That you would get as much pleasure out of this as I do..."
"No, I didn't mean..."
This was why they were here, after all. So Dean could find himself a random girl. They would leave together, the same way Cas had watched Dean leaving bars a hundred times before.
"N-No, wait. Dean..."
"Son of a bitch", he curses under his breath as he hurries down the umpteenth corridor. He reluctantly brings himself to throw a glance at the dungeon. He hasn't been here, not since that day. It's just as empty as he feared. His throat tightens and he makes quick move to get away.
He's not sure they even waited until she finished the sentence before they're already kissing, the cheering from their friends fading away to background noise as he loses himself in Cas' mouth moving against his, too caught up in the moment to feel conscious about the fact that some of them have never actually seen them do as much as holding hands before. All he can concentrate on is controlling the smile that keeps forming on his lips, almost too big to deepen the kiss -
His fingers around the doorhandle tightened at the sound, knuckles turning white. He couldn't have heard correctly. Surely, that was just-
Dean wanted to kiss every damn inch of him. And maybe he actually could. Might be a good start, now that Dean thought about it. Distracting Cas from his hands on his skin.
, Cas wanted to ask.
"Hasn't done any good, though, has it?", Dean snaps, wishes he could stop his tongue. "I'm still the same mess that my dad made me. I'm trying to be better, but what if I can't? I can't stand the thought of holding you back, all the things you're missing out on just because you feel obligated-"
"I'd have waited forever, Dean", he said, and it sounded so honest, so truthful, like a simple fact, and to Cas, it probably was.
"No, actually, I..." Dean curses the heat he can feel creeping up his cheeks, prays it doesn't show. "I think I'm gonna stay awake for a bit. And I was wondering if you...ah." He swallows, takes a deep breath. "Would you like to stay?", he then blurts out before he can think better of it, licks his lips. "H-Here, I mean. Right now? With...with me?" He panics slightly when he sees Cas' eyes widen in surprise and he knows it's too late to row back now, tries nevertheless. "Maybe we could talk or...I dunno." Dean shrugs his shoulders, attempts to appear light-hearted, casual, as if this was nothing out of the ordinary. "But only if you want to, you don't have to, obviously-"
(See the end of the chapter for
Hello my dears!! This was rather fast, but I didn't think anyone would mind xD Not sure how happy I am with this one overall, but sometimes we just need to get a few chapters out just to get to the part of the plot that we wanna reach...
Another pause, blue eyes closing for a moment, then a sigh. When their gazes locked again this time, there was something else hidden in the blue, something harder yet vulnerable at the same time, something like...defeat.
"So you
right now. He deserves none of it. "I'm not judging. Honestly. I'm happy for you", Sam says and the truthfulness in his voice knocks the air out of Dean's lungs. "But don't pretend, man, not with me. I'm the one who's been with you two almost every day for the last ten years. I'm not stupid. Or blind", he adds jokingly, trying to lighten the atmosphere. "Or deaf. Or-"
Dean liked pleasure.
He hadn't talked to Dean about it, wasn't even quite sure what he'd want Dean to say - what if he said no? As long as they didn't bring it up, Cas could at least clutch to the possibility. What if he said yes? Would it be a relief? Would it make things easier, having Dean like this, permanently? Or would it be even harder, being closer to the thing he wanted, but still not quite there, reachable and yet out of reach? Would it slowly drive him insane, knowing that what they shared was an emotional bond that didn't go beyond friendship, and the physical aspect was just...that? Physical? Would it hurt less, being closer to Dean, or would it hurt more, always being reminded that the most important thing was missing? Cas couldn't tell.
Cas nodded again, the trust speaking from his eyes knocking the air out of Dean's lungs for a second.
"I felt the same."
"How it would be to achieve orgasm with you?"
, Sam had called him. Whatever the hell he could possibly mean by that, but according to Sammy, they did it a lot. And always had. Ever since Castiel had shown up in that barn.
"Even if I was better with this shit, one million words wouldn't be enough to tell you how I feel about you."
But he...he
be up to anyone else." He dares to bring his free hand up to Dean's face and gently stroke over his cheek. He can see how it makes the breath catch in Dean's throat and his smile softens. "I want to love you, Dean. But you must choose to let me. That's something only you can do. Good things...good things
And right here, right now, looking down at the sleeping angel beside him, silly and crazy and stupid as it may be - Dean knows he craves it.
Awesome. Fucking. Awesome.
"Actually...I think I might be persuaded."
Cas is too quick in granting forgiveness. He didn't even have to think about it.
"Mhm?"
"Yeah, but I'd like mine to last longer than nine hours."
"Ask me, then." Cas smiled that beautiful smile again. "Ask me now."
"So...you interested?", he asked, trying to sound as nonchalant as possible even though his pulse was picking up speed. "Just thought that...maybe it'd be easier, y'know? For a first attempt? Just to get used to the idea of being touched like that at all."
He hates it because he would like to do much more.Â  But the thing is...apparently he can't.
"Yeah", Dean breathed without hesitation, didn't even need for Cas to finish the sentence.
"Wait, what?"
Blue eyes met his, hooded with pleasure, heat surging beneath the surface, and yet they were impossibly soft.
"Please don't." Dean's eyes seemed to be pleading as much as his voice. "We talked about his, Cas. I don't need anything more than what you can give. And it's not...it's not just because I thought
"Nono." Dean bites the inside of his cheek, the grin widening. "It was...perfectly reasonable."
And Dean was a caretaker. Dean was a giver himself. The last few weeks had shown that more than clearly. Dean, beautiful, ignorant Dean, who didn't know his own worth, was selfless beyond measure, always trying to provide for those he loved. If Dean knew what Cas truly desired of him, he would never be able to live with himself, knowing it was something he couldn't give. Even if they managed to keep their friendship intact, it would never be the same, not with Dean knowing that deep down, Cas wasn't satisfied, and Dean being Dean, he would take the blame, would think it his fault. That knowledge would cast a shadow Cas could never erase.
"You okay?"
So there we have it. It happened. We earned our E rating!!
"Yeah." Dean swallowed hard. "Thanks."
The worry in Dean's voice pulled at Cas heartstrings.
I'm sorry, don't hate me please xD (do I say this after every chapter? probably) You're welcome to yell at me in the comments.
"You wanna..."
And if it worked, he was sure it could be something good. Something incredible.
"It's just that-" Cas shrugged apologetically, voice wavering just a bit. "I remember, when he-"
"Did you talk to Jack about them again?"
He lay down, praying that Cas wouldn't notice how nervous he truly was, or how guilty, or how selfish, how ashamed, how excited, how needy, how
He just wishes it'd be that easy to find the perfect means of communication for everyone. (And with everyone he means Dean and Cas. Obviously.)
He doesn't say anything for a long while, she can see from the corner of her eye how he's leaned forward slightly, eyes lowered to his feet or maybe her hand on his knee. She can't tell. She shares the silence with him, lets her words sink in, waits patiently until she sees him sigh.
"Why do we keep doing this, Cas? Just not...talk about shit."
"What's that supposed to mean?" Dean's reproachful tone gets betrayed by the panic in his eyes, and Sam feels just a little bit guilty for riling him up like that. (Not enough to stop, though, obviously.)
He pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes and welcomed the silence.
Cas had never been told how much he meant to them, to him.Â He'd never been told how much they appreciated him, how much he was wanted and needed and loved.
"But I'm ready", Dean assures him, words that roll from his tongue so much more effortlessly than he'd ever thought possible. "I've been ready for a long time."
"Okay...but you gotta tell me immediately if something hurts. Or anything else that makes you want me to stop."
It had
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
"You better not." He tried to sound joking, but it came out desperate, revealing the emotion pulsing in his chest. "You can't ever leave me again, Cas. Remember that field?", he found himself saying, hadn't meant to, but the words were suddenly there, falling from his lips, and he didn't have the strength to stop them. "The field with the windmill? I brought you there, wanted you to be somewhere nice, something you'd like, someplace worthy. Do you know what it did to me, all those times? All the times you left? The times you...died? I was a mess, Cas." Dean released a shaky breath, closed his eyes for a moment as he felt them sting with tears at the memory. "I didn't know how to go on, didn't want to. Because it's always...it's always been you, Cas. And I can't do it again. Not after having this. I can't be without you again. I wouldn't make it."
"Yeah."
The very first touch had made Cas flinch, but he'd assured he was fine, told Dean to go on, and now he could feel the angel slowly relaxing under his careful ministrations. It felt amazing to let his fingers glide through the silky smoothness, how he could feel the feathers snapping back into place where they'd been crooked from getting too little attention for so long. Sometimes one would come loose by itself when he combed through a patch, sometimes he had to tug slightly, could see how it made Cas tense momentarily, but the tension always vanished again.
"I love you, too."
Shit. He hadn't wanted to allow the thought, dangerous as it was, but it was undeniable. Dean felt loved. (And how had he ever managed to exist without this feeling, how was he supposed to exist without it ever again?)
Dean looks through the gap in the door to Cas' former room as he opens it, feels a weight being liftend off his chest as he spots the angel in front of the mirror, fiddling with his own tie, Dean's tie, the tie Dean had been thinking about just moments ago. Cas turns at the sound of his name, fingers occupied with tying the perfect knot.
Or not. Whatever it was his angel desired.
, Sam. And I'm-"
Prepare for some fluff and some...pain? Sorry. You know the rules of fanfic.
"You want me to..." Dean shook his head. "I might have to touch them, Cas. And not just...that's your frickin
Lyrics from "Bring Me To Life" by Evanescence.
"No improvement, then", she says, more statement than question, and turns in Sam's hold. The sigh she earns is more than answer enough.
And yet he knew that Cas wasn't, not fully, not truly, not the way Dean wanted him to be.
He trailed off, lost in the blue that he could practically watch as it grew softer.
He took one of Dean's hands, just to have that small point of reassuring contact, pleased to note that Dean instantly responded in linking their fingers together.
So Dean had forced his shame into a cage and locked it to the best of his ability. And it worked better than he'd thought it would, once he understood that he wasn't just doing it for himself, because he was tired of the bitter taste of self-hatred - he also had to do it for Cas.
"I mean...we haven't practised anything today, just you and me I mean, and I thought... maybe we could try-"
And here it was again. That look, so expectant, so
The question was...would he
"I-I..." Cas tenses a little, squirms on his feet in a mixture of concern and what seems to be slight embarrassment. "I...followed your call."
"Sam." Cas walks up to him, fixing him with unblinking eyes.
"If that's how you want to do it, we can. I know it's said to be easier, but...if you don't mind...I'd really like to be able to look at your face."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I know, Cas." He could hear the pain in Dean's voice, could hear how he tried and failed to hold it back. "
He kept leaving kisses on any patch of skin he could reach while Dean caught his breath, peppering his chest, his neck, his jaw, cheeks and forehead.
He was always beautiful, at least to Cas, but this...the intimacy of the action, the trust Dean showed him in displaying all of himself so openly made it special.
He knows this is his fault. He knows Cas is unhappy and it's his fault. He knows he won't make it better. He doesn't know what else to do. He doesn't know how else to behave, what to say without saying the wrong thing. He doesn't know what else to
"Or you can just stay", he added therefore, planting an open-mouthed kiss to the corner of Cas' mouth. "Whatever you want."
"That'd be great, Cas."
Cas sighed.
Dean shrugged again.
"Thanks, Jack", he says, squeezing the boy's shoulder before pulling him into a hug. "Thanks."
, Dean felt like he just put his whole heart out there even though he barely said anything of all the emotion that was locked up there.
"I'm sorry for being such a burden", Cas heard himself mumble, biting his lip when Dean slightly stiffened against him. There was a long pause, and when Dean finally moved, it was to carefully extract himself from their embrace, and Cas could have cursed himself.
"Not now. But maybe someday you will. And I can't let you stay with me just because-"
, they seemed to say.
And Cas...Cas is aware he isn't making it exactly easy for Dean, but he has said everything there is to say. It's at Dean to make the next move.
Not that Dean wasn't scared. He was. But he trusted Cas. As the angel had said - who to give himself to if not Cas? And he had longed, fantasized, wanted it for so long it overpowered his fear.
"No one really calls me Castiel anymore", Cas says, lost in thoughts. "Not here, not out of Heaven."
Dean's voice echoes over the lake as Cas follows him on the path he'd taken earlier that day.
This time, it wasn't like their first kiss at all. It was still hard, a little uncoordinated at first, lips pressing too desperately, teeth clacking in a hurry, but then Cas' hands came up to frame Dean's face, tilting his head to the side until their mouths lined up absolutely
does he look like Cas. Has he always looked so much like Cas? What- "Heaven seemed a bit neglected to me."
But he can't feel guilty now. He needs Cas to be in the wrong here, somehow, as horrible as that sounds. Because he can't be the one hurting Cas again, not after he just made some progress in believing that he's worthy of the angel's love.
You know the procedure. Just finished in the middle of the night, no betas available. I should really get a grip on my writing (and sleeping) habits.
Yeees, Ik I posted the next fanart a few days ago but then this kept growing as things doooo so....I cut it and the art is gonna be in the next one xD Anyway. Let's get this thing going, shall we?
"No." Cas shook his head, a strand of messy black hair falling into his forehead that had no business making Dean's silly heart skip a beat. "I want this. I'm fine." Cas raised a questioning eyebrow. "Are you?"
"Cas." Dean smiled softly, searching that blue gaze until the angel peeked up a little. "I'm good", he promised sincerely. "Really. Touch away. You got full permission, ok?"
"Almost where?"
"Dude." Sam gives him an almost pitiful smile, eyebrows raised. "You owe me a therapy session", he says meaningfully. (That's when Eileen finally breaks from the laughter she's tried to hold back in one of the corners.) "And a pair of soundproof headphones", Sam adds at second thought, letting the smile spread over his face when Dean throws him a glance that somehow manages to be both embarrassed and annoyed.
"What do you wanna do?"
"If you want", Cas added with a flicker of insecurity even though Dean had barely hesitated a second, and the hunter instantly surged forward to press their lips together in response, to make it clear that yes, he did want, he wanted
in his arms, breathing in his scent before closing his eyes.
Cas about to purposefully remove some layers there...;) We're gonna see how that goes in the next chapter, hehe!
"Cas? What are you doing here?"
"Cas...?"
"Oh, Dean..."
He hummed, blinked sleepily as his brain tried to get a grasp on his surroundings, slowly orientating itself to find that he was trapped against another body. Adrenaline shot through Cas' veins so fast he felt dizzy, the sudden realization that the warmth was an arm slung around his shoulders, a chest beneath his head, filling his fuzzy brain with sudden dread. His eyes shot open, his body up, scrambling back blindly in an attempt to get away from whatever -whoever- was touching him.
"Do you really need to ask me that?" Cas lightly shook his head with a smile. "I don't think I've ever been happier than I am right now, at this very moment, Dean."
"You didn't hurt me, Cas", Dean assured immediately. "Never. It was perfect. You were perfect."
It won't be the first time they wake up like that, and it will be far from the last. What will be new though are the rings on their fingers.
And it was good. It was
to him. (It's all kinds of hot. Not that Dean would ever admit that.)
He slowly made move towards the chair, taking a surer step as Cas didn't protest. In fact, once Dean was settled, the angel himself uncurled a little, stayed leaned against the headboard with his legs spread out under the blanket he smoothed over with his hands before they came to rest on his thighs. Dean watched all that from the corner of his eye, gaze wandering restlessly over blank walls and sparse furniture, didn't dare let it settle directly on Cas yet, afraid he'd be unable to stop once he let himself look.
"Dean." Cas takes a cautious step towards him, reaching for him. "Wait, let me help you with-"
Dean licked his lips. Cas tried not to follow the movement with his eyes.
"Nothing will ever take you away from me again, Cas", he hears himself say, kisses the vow into Cas' skin." I won't let anything separate us again, I promise. You're mine now."
They're standing at the top of this cliff, the edge of something he doesn't know how to cross. But he wants to. Oh, he's wanted to for so many years. But he's afraid. It's not easy, taking a step when you know you're going to fall, without an idea what awaits you at the foot. If you're gonna be caught or crash.
Surely, there wouldn't be more going on, Cas would never actually want to-
"Yeah, Cas, c'mon." Dean bit his bottom lip, grinding down harder to show his consent. "Don't hold back, feels so good, angel."
"You're right, though." Dean hated that he had to bring it up again. But he knew he should.
And that was what he'd kept telling Sam, and himself. His brother didn't sound convinced (neither was Dean's heart), but he'd let it rest, for a time.
, Cas", Dean said, even though everything in him screamed that Cas had to
"He's not..."
This is a work that I started as a gift for my dear friend Charlie, but then I was too impatient not to post it before she's allowed to see it because I have no self-control when it comes to my writing. BUT she promised me she wouldn't read it until I give permission. Let's see how that works out xD
It wasn't the unexplored that made his heart skip a beat, it wasn't even the fulfilment of his desires. It was just Cas.
"Ah." He'd smiled knowingly. "I never stood a real chance, did I?"
"I say that because it's true."
He struggled against the hand pressing him to the cold stone, tried not to think about how stupid hot it was that Cas could just manhandle him like this. Nope.
Cas watches calmly how Dean opens his mouth, hesitates, closes it again. And there's so much fear in his green eyes, it almost drowns out the hope behind. It's fine. It makes Cas' heart ache, but it's fine. Speechlessness is better than objection. He knows Dean is not there yet, but perhaps, if Cas just keeps telling him the truth, he will eventually accept it for what it is, see himself for who
Dean was grateful. Like this, perhaps he could remember his name the way it used to come from Cas' lips, warm and affectionate. Memory was all he had, he was sure.
Cas wishes he could make Dean understand that that's not his burden to bear. But what can he say? To leave the past behind, you have to accept that it's over. No matter how many times you revisit it, regret it, get haunted by it - it's over. It can't harm you anymore. Not if you don't let it.
"Cas, look at me", he asks, and Cas obeys immediately, blue eyes dark and misty with pleasure and exhaustion. "Please, try to stay with me, ok?"
Barely ten minutes later he was parking on an empty country road, the gravel crunching beneath the Impala's tires. It was dry and dusty, his Baby would probably be covered in a layer of dirt when they got home, but when Dean saw the way Cas' eyes widened when he got out of the car, he knew it would have been worth it.
Well then, I hope yall are ready. Prepare for aaaall the emotions, is all I'm saying.
Anyway, I'm whining, let's just hope someone likes it.
you accepted that you loved me, Dean. And it saved me. Don't you see? We are connected so deeply that the Empty couldn't take me, not as long as you remain here on Earth.
"I can leave if you wanna sleep", his mouth continued unhelpfully, his mind being occupied with providing a continuous pathetic chant of
"'M glad."
wouldn't mind."
Sam watches with a smile on his face how Dean says goodbye to Jack, a grin forming on his face at his brother's dumbfounded look when the boy suddenly hugs him without announcement. He can see the emotion travelling across Dean's face, surprise melting into something incredibly soft as he shortly lets his arms encircle Jack in return, affectionately patting him on his back.
"How's that?", Dean whispered, somehow afraid to shatter the fragility of the moment with louder words.
He'd already burned the clothes, found them scattered across the floor when he cleaned his room, his own carelessly discarded, Cas' forcefully thrown aside and torn. Dean burned them with the sheets.
- wait.
of the voice in his back. The pan lands with a splash in the sink, spitting dirty washing water all over his apron and forearms.
Thiiiiiis is dangerous territory all of a sudden.
But this time was different. This time was worse.
was truly the one doing these things to Dean...it was all so much better.
Cas watched as Dean grabbed the bottle of lube instead, gesturing Cas to find a comfortable position on his back.
"We're not even doing anything, Cas."
"What do you need?" Cas returned Dean's gaze, just as intensely. "Tell me what I can do for you."
"Dean? Would you be amenable to try this without a shirt?", Cas asked almost casually during their sixth session, and Dean almost choked on his own tongue or some shit.
"This?" He gestured vaguely towards Cas' back. "This is what you went through, and still, you're here,
Cas freezes at the words, stops immediately and disentangles himself from the hunter. (Has Dean changed his mind? Is he going too fast? He promised himself he wouldn't push, what if he scared him away and ruined everything, what if-?)
It wasn't something he usually would have said. Those were things he thought, all the time, but he never said them. Somehow though, he needed to say them now. With Cas being so exposed, so vulnerable, wasn't it the least Dean could do to let his own guard down as well? Just this once?
Sam huffs. "Understatement."
Alright, here we go.
Dean sighed, lowered his gaze.
, could he? Now that they had already ventured far beyond what could be put off as innocent, far beyond what could be argued away as a friend helping his best buddy, someone he regarded as a
"I want this to work. And I'm gonna do my best to make it work. It might just take some time."
"Kiss me", that same angel asked with a smile, and Dean could do nothing but comply, gently guiding Cas down to bring their lips together in a kiss that conveyed all the things he didn't know how to put into words right now.
"I can see that. You're..." He tilts his head in that entirely Cas-like manner, squinting his eyes at Dean and the angel. "You're kind of...shining, actually."
Breathing.
"That doesn't mean anything", he said, told his brother as much as himself. "It could just be...memories." His voice dissolved into a whisper by the end of the sentence, his eyes squeezed shut at the painful thought that Cas might be reliving any of those horrors right now, even in his state of unconsciousness.
"Can I-"
"Dean." Cas smiled, soft and understanding, determined still. He lifted a hand, cupped Dean's face. The tender touch made Dean tremble.
It couldn't be. Cas couldn't mean what Dean thought he meant.
"Cas..."
"Yeah." Dean pressed his lips together. "Yeah, thanks."
"Cas. C'mon, buddy. You gotta wake up."
He could vaguely make out how Dean hesitantly reached out for him and instinctively threw himself into the contact, craving the comfort he knew waited in Dean's arms.
, Sam desperately wants to say, but he knows better than to make a sex joke in front of their three-year-old. He signs it to Eileen instead, under the table and out of Jack's sight just in case, earning him a choked sound from her and a scolding look from Dean and Cas.
He'd always liked sex, liked the sensation as much as the connection. Not that he'd had a partner providing that sense of connection very often, but he'd had to take what he could get. But even without an emotional involvement, Dean had always been a giver.
"Cas? Will you stay?" He could
"Please, Cas please." He knew how needy he sounded, didn't care in the least.
"Well so am I!" Cas sits up straighter, a spark of anger appearing in his eyes through the sadness and pain. "What is this? Are you trying to-" He falters, a quick succession of emotion flitting across his face. Realization, shock, fear, disbelief, hurt. So much hurt. "If...if you feel like you made a mistake", Cas says then, slowly, controlled "and want to end this- Then please, just say it. But don't try to talk your way out of this by making it about me and my needs, don't
Would be really nice to get an answer that went beyond Cas' awkward oneliners (at least
me", Dean lies, trying to wipe his arms on the already soaked fabric of the apron with little to no result. "Just...don't do that, okay?"
"Cas." Dean lifted a hand to interrupt him carefully. "You can stop, I'm sorry I asked. Of course you don't wanna remember."
We have more actual conversation, yall. I needed that I think. Not sure how happy I am with it though, tbh. But well. Tired of rewriting and not getting anywhere. Sad fluff, kinda. Hope you'll like that.
"I- " Cas swallows visibly, startled blue eyes locked with Dean's, a deer in the headlights.
"Cas? You good?"
And the amount going on at the dinner table right now definitely goes beyond the borders of acceptable. They're having burgers, because of course they are, Dean was the one grocery shopping, after all. Or well, Dean has burgers. Sam has what he could track down between Dean's ingredients that looked like it maybe won't make him die of a cholesterol overdose, at least not right away, and Cas is just sitting there because Sam insisted on it.
What a damn clichÃ©. True nonetheless.
, Dean's head provided very unhelpfully.
"I'm not gonna touch you, see? I'm just gonna go, ok?" He gripped the door handle, opened it, watched how the streak of light falling in from the corridor illuminated the angel's startled features. But instead of just leaving as he had intended, he found himself hesitating. Was this the last thing he'd ever see of Cas, a face full of horror and fear?
"I have to be realistic here, Sam. I don't know the damage this has done, ok?" (And they both knew he was far from talking about external wounds here.) "I don't know where that motherfucker is, I don't know why he did it, I don't know what Cas will say, I-" He sighed, resigned. "I just gotta prepare myself for every possibility."
He had to tell him. He knew he had to. He had no right to keep it to himself. Cas deserved all the facts before he decided how to proceed with him. It hadn't been fair to hold it back in the first place. Dean had been selfish, too scared to lose Cas if he knew. But he couldn't be selfish anymore, not when Cas looked at him like that, not when Cas had trusted him with this. He'd betrayed that trust long enough.
"H-How?"
"Cas?"
Falling feels just like flying, doesn't it. Right until the moment your bones crushed.
Heyyyyyyy sorry this took so long, I was on vacation this week and the laptop refused to connect with the wifi:( I'm not sure how much time I'll have to write in the next weeks, my semester starts tmr and I have an internship coming up and two exam papers to write, but we'll see, I'll definitely desperately try to find time to write!
"But...why?", Cas heard himself say, a perfectly valid question as far as he was concerned, but Dean just lifted a disbelieving eyebrow at him.
, Sam had said.
"Do you know what this is about?"
"Okay, fine." Sam lifts his hands and lets them drop to his sides, resigning. "If you wanna keep up that aura of...whatever - please, do. You don't have to tell me."
Dean bit his lip to stifle the groan that tried to escape him.
This was it, then. Cas had to make a decision. He didn't truly want this. He knew that. There had only ever been one person he'd desired fully, completely, boundlessly. He turned around to find Dean in a dark corner across the room, just as...engaged as he'd been the last time Cas had looked. Well, then.
He hoped they did. Those hands deserved to feel at least a fraction of the pain they inflicted. He deserved to feels all the pain he could gather to let it wash over him until he drowned in it.
"What? No!" Cas glances at Dean, and the way the hunter bites his lip betrays his words. "Cas that's not what I meant- "
"I know that's not...like the other things we- it's more intimate, a different kind of intimate, and I'd understand if you didn't-"
"That would be nice, Sam."
"Lucifer." His hands clenched by his sides, nails reopening some of the scratches they'd already dug earlier, but he barely felt it. "He- I dunno how he- y-yesterday, when I was...I was fueling Baby and I- I don't remember how he got in, Sam, I don't-"
quality, made his heart soar.
He hadn't meant to say it like that.
The silence Cas left behind is too loud in his ears, mingles with the ticking of the clock and- wait.
It's the most adorable thing Dean has ever seen, this stained angel, illuminated by candlelight, surrounded by the evidence of his endeavour to make a romantic dinner, knowing full well that he has never cooked anything to speak of, yet glowing proudly with the effort he puts into everything he sets his heart on.
Cas did, anchoring himself in the warm green, the care and the love he found there, focused on it, railed in his erratic breathing.
~oOo~
It's been right here on this bench that Dean had asked him that, barely a year ago in fact, yet it feels like a different lifetime. Cas hadn't known what to say, then. He knows now.
"Cas..."
And thanks Charlie for the plot advice. You know which one:)
Hello and thanks to everyone who stumbles over this, and if you're here from my other spn fics, welcome back! Maybe I'll actually manage to keep this relatively short and it won't get out of hand and turn from a oneshot to 90k *sighs*
"That...that was..."
"You're right." Cas nods, but can't keep the rosy colour from spreading down his chest when he lowers his eyes to their joined hands, playing with Dean's fingers. "It's just...I like watching you because you look... calm. Peaceful." It's barely a whisper, careful, sincere. "I don't get to see that a lot, when you're awake, you know."
The sun has made its way across the sky for the last couple of hours without them noticing, slowly cooling the air to a pleasant temperature after a day bathed in the warm rays. Before Cas knows it he realizes that it will soon begin to set.
he can clearly hear even though Cas has never said it about this. He's never said anything about this because they haven't talked about it. And knowing that Cas has to hold back, again, because of him,
"I'd like that", he says then, smiling. "Very much."
thought Dean.
Dean hurried to shake his head.
"It's just...Cas, it's not fair to you and I-" Dean knew he was rambling at this point, but he couldn't stop, had to keep talking so it would bring his thoughts into the right order, all the lines rehearsed disappeared from his mind. "I have to tell you even if- if..."
that had taken over Dean's heart for so long, making him wish and hope and long and need and want and hurt...
"I've been alone for a very long time, Dean", she says, looking at the wall in front of her. "Even before I started hunting that banshee. Ever since school, really. Wasn't the most popular kid, after..." She throws a meaningful glance at him, smiles sadly. She's not too keen on revisiting that time in her head, but she's made peace with it. The past. More than he has, anyway.
, Cas thought to himself, couldn't get the words to pass his lips, too scared to see them confirmed in Dean's eyes.
He's too used to it already, the weight in his back that makes the mattress dip down, the shallow sound of Cas' breath that soothes him into sleep. He can't even entertain the thought to not wake up to the colour blue.
"Dean, I- I'm not scared of you, you know that, right?", Cas heard himself say once he met Dean's gaze again. "I love you.
"Not much", Tony had shrugged, but still, Cas hadn't been able to stop himself from casually touching his shoulder, sending just a spark of grace into his body to leave the marking on his face, but ease the pain for now.
, that's why. "That's not what we're here for, Cas", he simply states evasively. "It's healed now. You fixed it. I'm good."
Kissing Cas was like breathing to Dean by now, his taste like oxygen, the feel of his lips familiar and comfortable. He didn't seem able to go too long without it, every time they connected he asked himself how he'd survived all those years before. He allowed Cas to open his lips with his tongue, let the angel lick into his mouth, meeting him eagerly, swallowing the hum that formed in Cas' throat.
"Tony."
It will be enough, he tells himself. It will have to be.
the smile on Cas' lips, heard it in the way he breathed, felt it in the press of his skin. "Please, say you'll stay."
, Dean knew.
, even if Cas couldn't give him more.
"I couldn't do that to you. I-I know, you- this is not...not the same for you, but...if you'd still allow me- if you can still- I wouldn't care", the lie spilled easily from his lips, pushed from a desperate mind. "I promise I won't say another word, nothing has to change, I can do this just to make you better, Cas, just to help. Please", he said, not really knowing what he was even asking for.
First time writing for new characters again sooo...nervous but excited what you'll think!
Dean's eyes looked desperate. Cas wanted to reach out and touch him. He didn't.
His eyes lowered, his voice sounding so resigned that Dean couldn't help but hesitate once more. His mind was racing, telling him to get out of there as soon as possible, but his feet wouldn't move. His death grip on the door handle loosened slightly.
Cas met his gaze, his eyes turning impossibly soft, but with just the slightest hint of insecurity shining in them as he watched Dean.
Dean saw red.
Cas closed his eyes and breathed.
And it had been infinitely worse, had shaken him to his core.
Jack furrows his brow and gestures towards the unfinished meal on the table, but Sam will be damned if he lets that opportunity for a proper distraction slip through his fingers. And not only that. He also genuinely missed the boy. Jack had said he would eventually come by from time to time, but they hadn't known when that would be. Must be pretty time consuming to be God. But now he's here and he couldn't have picked a
"Thank you, Dean."
He didn't need to feel guilty, Cas told himself. Dean never needed to know about the shameful fantasies he had indulged in before. Fantasies that, despite the guilt, the knowledge that Dean would be horrified if he ever found out, Cas couldn't help but look back at fondly. They had been so nice, those dreams. Dreams of warm hands on his skin that brought pleasure and comfort, arms encircling him safely, whispered words and confessions ready to be spoken, willing to be heard...
"I agree, Sam. Eileen and you suit each other well", Cas says, because it's true, because he needs something to do, because he needs someone
He knew that he couldn't leave Cas like this, shouldn't leave Cas like this, but he couldn't stay, he couldn't look at him, couldn't touch him, couldn't see skin his own hands had left blemished and tainted and torn, couldn't see the angel violated and hurt and broken by his own body.
Dean had nightmares of his own.
Sam draws his eyebrows together. "What do you mean?"
It was a realization, the way Cas said it, not a question. Dean had to close his eyes.
"I really don't wanna, but I guess we should move", he said regretfully, his skin feeling increasingly sticky now that it had cooled down. He winced slightly when Cas pulled out, saw the frown that appeared on Cas' forehead.
His gaze finally fell on a familiar figure across the room, sat at the bar, engaged in conversation. Wait, what?
"No." Cas shook his head, wanted to reach out, didn't. "No, Dean, don't put words in my mouth. That's not what I meant, I-"
music. It makes Dean smile. Sometimes he even sings along to a track they had already listened to a million times before in the Impala. Cas would gladly have sat through another million. And when Dean presented him with a mixtape once, he could feel how his vessel's heart sped up its pace. He wasn't sure what that meant, but he'd found it happening more and more often, in mostly Dean-related circumstances. (It also happens when he's afraid or angry, but this feels different. It isn't uncomfortable. More...warm and fluttery.)
And Cas took one last breath.
"I promised to show them to you in the sunlight", he simply stated, squinting his eyes when Dean could do nothing but gape at him. The hunter's silence made a flash of insecurity wash over his face, and he fidgeted slightly on his feet. "You...said you'd like that, but if-"
"I thought that would be what you want,
"Awesome." Cas relaxes a little at that, manages to smile down at him before stealing a quick kiss.
Dean sighed as he pulled back slightly to look at him, but Cas knew it was just his sadness over Cas' pain.
"Shhhh." Cas' fingers trailed gently through Dean's hair. "It's alright, love. I'm going to take care of you."
"I really gotta remember to get that cloth before we start next time", Dean mumbled, regretfully squirming out of Cas' embrace to quickly vanish into the bathroom.
Cas is cooking.
"It doesn't sound stupid, Cas", Dean interrupted him, smiled when hopeful blue eyes looked up at him. "It doesn't sound stupid at all. It sounds perfect."
Cas sighes, tilts his head to the side
His hand stroked Cas' thigh again, inching inwards but pausing to wait for Cas' consent.
Dean dreaded having to sleep alone again once this was all over - even with Cas admitting to wanting him as much as he wanted Cas, that was far from enough to make assumptions about things like
Dean raised his eyes from his own book, and without further ado, he reached to place it on the nightstand.
"Sam." Eileen comes back into focus, and his eyes flicker down to his hands for a second when he feels her fingers wrapping around his. He hadn't been aware his hands had been shaking before. Eileen squeezes his fingers slightly and he can do nothing but look up at her, his breath knocked out of his lungs at the smile that greets him.
"Yes", Cas smiles back. "It was so perfect, Dean. I should have known everything about you would be mirroring that beauty. A shame I was too much of an angel to appreciate it, then."
Damn.
"I swear!" Tony leaned forward as he laughed, probably into what Dean would tell Cas was personal space, but Cas found he didn't mind. "I asked the kid where his homework was, and he replied
Dean watches as Jack's eyes brighten immediately and he follows the invitation, flopping down at the table like the child he actually is, underneath all that. Man, Dean hopes he'll still get to be that child. He's only 3 for fuck's sake! Yeah, he's like..upgraded with God-juice now or something, and with great power comes great responsibility (just shut up), but he's still the same kid he was before,
"Cas. Oh,
Cas licks his lips and nods.
Now, though? With the certainty Dean would not only bear, but actually welcome it...He would never have initiated anything to deliberately induce arousal without knowing Dean was comfortable with something more sexual between them, but now that he had permission...
He brought a hand up to his own chest, let it settle over one of Cas', holding it there, keeping it where it belonged.
The sight alone could have undone Dean in a second, but then he
"W-What?"
Then, without announcement, he suddenly wraps an arm around her shoulder and hugs her from the side. Eileen leans into it, smiling to herself when she feels his chin settling on her head.
Cas smiled to himself when Dean turned his back to him and slipped through the door. Flustered Dean was undeniably adorable.
Probably. Maybe. No.
But Cas doesn't ask, just stands next to his bed a little awkwardly. Dean feels the urge to look at him, to soak up that energy of shyness and concern that tells him
Perhaps it wasn't even a
ask for it.
"He's an archangel, Dean. Even you can't take on everything."
"It does", he replied truthfully. "But I'm...I don't know. Uneasy."
"Hi, Dean." Eileen has disentangled herself from the wide arms of his brother and waves over to him with a bright smile. Dean smiles back as sincerely as he can. It takes a bit of effort, but it's manageable. He's genuinely glad to see her, after all, he'd missed her, swirling around the bunker and lightening the atmosphere with her quick wit, not to mention how pleased he is to finally see Sam happy. He's earned it, the little moose.
first.
"Oh."
Ah, yes. Of course. There we go.
"Dean." He captures Dean's wrist when the hunter makes move to draw away, softly guides him back while Cas sits up enough to lean against the headboard. "Dean." He smiles softly, soothingly, cups the other man's face with both of his hands.
"Yes. I know what you mean."
He smiles to himself in the dark, can't help it. It's just what happens when he imagines introducing Cas as such, feels drunk on the mere thought. It sounds like a dream, referring to anyone that way, let alone Cas. It's not something he saw coming, at any point in his life. And yet as soon as the thought enters his mind for the first time, it refuses to leave, won't budge from its place and demands to be recalled again and again.
Cas could hear the conflict in his own voice, doubt mixing with a hopeful undertone.
And suddenly, Dean found himself with his back against a wall again, Cas crowded into his space, noses almost touching. A familiar picture, almost like a deja-vu, but the stone was not as cold in Dean's back, the grip holding him not angry, the angel's eyes not hard.
He gulps and a shiver runs through his body. He hopes Cas didn't notice. Gladly, the angel seems to be as oblivious as ever.
"I-I just thought..."
And he couldn't even bring himself to regret it, not yet, not with the tension visibly seeping out of Cas' shoulders.
But that tactic was still a reliable option for Dean himself. Especially on days like this, when the pull towards Cas felt like it would rip his heart out of his chest if he didn't give in and follow.
"You gonna be alright?"
"Is that
And it's already too late. He knows he's already hurt Cas, so many times he lost count. It's already too late to ever repay the debt he's in. The only thing he can do is see to it that the list doesn't get any longer.
Cas nodded, smiling that small, grateful smile again.
"I think I want someone-
"I dreamed of you leaving that night, too", it tumbled from his lips before he could stop it. Well, he guessed now that Dean already knew of his fear, it didn't matter anymore. "I never told you that. Back then it was...I was afraid your guilt and disgust might drive you away", he admitted, something cold settling in his chest at the memory of those first days when he still hadn't been sure of Dean. Or himself, really. "But...you stayed. I didn't understand why."
He chuckles when Cas playfully punches his shoulder, rubbing the patch for dramatic effect, yet when his eyes find Cas' again, the angel is serious, calm, smiling.
Shame. Or maybe luck. Just imagine if Dean would have to watch his angel jump into bed with everyone who wasn't Dean. He wouldn't be able to stand it.
Perhaps it will be enough.
Cas presses his lips together, nervously wringing his hands in front of his chest.
"Try to talk to him", Sam tells him. "He wants to. He just doesn't know how."
"Ah." Words are a little rare right now. His brain doesn't feel quite awake yet. "Okay..."
and theÂ angel freezes.
It happened again a week later.
. Not necessarily in that order."
Dean had his arms slung around Cas from behind, nuzzling into his hair and planting lazy kisses on his neck when Cas said it.
"It's fine, Sam." Cas is the one patting the younger Winchester's arm this time, signalising that he understands Sam's lack of something better to say. "I didn't expect anything to come of it, really." (
So Cas made a plan.
In the end, he finds himself back in the library, panting and sweaty and with a mind that's unable to form a single clear thought except for the one.
"...and I'm not sure I can handle doing that for you on my own yet", he confessed. Dean was pleased, seeing that Cas listened to his instincts, evaluating what he was ready for or not.
"Hey, where you going?"
would stab him in the back like that (and Cas too, more than figuratively).
"Mhm?"
is even worse, because it requires so much more work, so much more
"My angel...", he whispered, meeting Cas as he leaned down for another kiss.
"I didn't mean to unsettle you." Cas sounds so small and resigned, Dean can practically see the tired expression on his face, the way he hangs his head.
He tried to give the angel an encouraging smile, and maybe it worked, for Cas let him guide their joined hands down, placing them on his chest, just above his heart. (Total coincidence, of course.)
Dean had smiled despite himself, had actually had to keep a silent tear from rolling down his cheek.
He'd collapsed onto a cheap uncomfortable motel mattress later that night, both hoping and dreading he'd dream of blue eyes, messy black hair and a trenchcoat.
. What happens is that he tightens his grib on the shirt he hasn't realised he's still holding onto, uses it to switch their positions and fling Cas against the wall instead. Even the smallest gap between himself and the angel is suddenly too much, so he presses his lips to Cas' and kisses him again. He kisses him for all the times he's wanted to and didn't. And it feels as outrageous as it feels inevitable.
He stares at the glass in his hand, lets the liquor sway around. It's been his friend, alcohol. The one thing that doesn't ask questions, doesn't judge. It's merciful. It makes him forget. It makes the feelings go away, if even for just a little while.
kissing Cas! The realisation makes Dean freak out and relax at the same time, he feels his arms loosening their grip on the angel's shirt and wandering around his back instead, encircling him in a careful but tight embrace.
Dean smiled again.
Cas found himself nodding.
When the
, the angelic (oh, come on) voice of Amy Lee sings in his ears.
Dean's face seemed to brighten even more at that, but maybe Cas had only been imagining it.
It wasn't his fault, okay? Angels of the fucking Lord had absolutely
Dean's brow furrowed, Cas humming in confirmation.
. "I promise", Cas repeats and there's no hesitation, no uncertainty, just a smile.
Cas gasped at the first featherlight brush of Dean's fingertips over his clothed erection, the muscles in his thighs tensing up. Dean withdrew his hand immediately, causing a whimper to leave Cas throat.
"That's supposed to be the part where you kiss me, you know?"
Dean closes his eyes when he leans their foreheads together, nods.
my best friend."
"And I know, I know it's a lot to ask of you, but I can't do it on my own. I need- I need you, Dean."
. Cas, who always stays. Cas who just
to turn around to get a look at his flustered face. (He's waited far too long for this not to savour it, okay? Sue him.)
They occupy themselves in the bunker, always in the same room, Cas reading and Dean deciding to drown himself in chores. Always within reach and never reaching out.
are allowed to be chick-flicky.)
, hated how much he hated that, hated that he had put it there. He ignored the sudden wave of guilt and shame, buried them for the time being beneath the rest of his raging emotions.
, his rushing brain kept thinking.
Perhaps Cas could finally return that gesture. His very last, very own act of service.
~oOo~
"You want to talk?", he asks, and there's much more confidence in his voice than Dean suddenly feels himself. "Good. Let's talk."
And he doesn't think he could bear that, having to feel all the time. It's too much.
Dean's smile was confirmation enough.
"Cas", he probed softly. "Talk to me."
"Cas?" He waits for an answer, gets none. "It's me. Can I come in?"
Dean is smiling and carefree, chatting with their friends, eating wedding pie (because
"I can do it", he offered, aware what was troubling Cas, the conflicting emotions plainly written in his eyes, want and need colliding with fear and worry, desperate to go the distance but unable to take that last first step. Dean's heart contracted with empathy.
It happened again today. It just won't stop happening and he can't not tell Cas anymore. It's not fair to him.
His father is gone. He is gone and so is his grasp on Dean's life. He wouldn't allow that influence to haunt him, that fist that had been clenching at his throat, nearly suffocating him. He would banish that voice once and for all.
, he'd meant to say. But he didn't. There might not be enough time in Cas' eternal life to be truly healing from this.
It is fucking 6am I have not slept bc cramps, I am not sure to what amount I like this chapter but we all know I can't throw it away anyway so here you go. Sorry if I missed some typos or stuff, I'm kiiiinda tired for some unfathomable reason (yes, even I get tired at SOME point).
Dean sits in the quiet darkness of his room, he hadn't bothered to switch the ceiling lights on when he came, the only source of brightness a little bulb of light on his bedside table that can't chase the shadows out of the farther corners. There's nothing to see anyway. No one to see. The floor is hard underneath him, the wall cold in his back. His hand still hurts, but he ignores it, closes his eyes and lets himself be swallowed. He's just so tired. It's so exhausting to keep everything locked up all the time. So he lets it come, let's the hurt and longing and love roll over him until he disappears under the waves.
It's always been physically painful to watch, not to speak of the patheticness of it all, but now, it's reached its peak. Because as much as they apparently try to avoid each other, Dean jumping whenever Cas enters a room and awkward silence - the eye-fucking doesn't stop.
Dean watches how Cas shakes his head to himself, waits for whatever is going to happen next, waits for whatever it is to just wash over him. Speaking isn't in the cards.
"Sonofa-" Dean gets up too, needs to be on eye-level for this, needs to...he doesn't really know what he needs. He drives a hand over his face. He needs to get this over with, that's what he damn well needs. "Did you mean it?", he simply asks, swallows around the lump in his throat when Cas slowly turns back to him. "Cas? Did you- Did you mean it? When you said you..."
Cas licked his lips, and
"Dean. Could you talk to me?"
"Sure, my body's not lyin'", Dean said once they were settled. "I do enjoy this. A lot. But I wouldn't enjoy going further if it meant you had to push yourself for my sake, Cas." He smiled. "Sometimes waiting until both partners are ready and sharing small intimacies along the way is a lot more satisfying."
Hey, my lovelies, happy Valentine's Day! And even more importantly: Happy DeanCas Wedding Day! Nope, twitter didn't pass by my tumblr account unnoticed, either.
He hands Cas the green mug in the morning like he always does. The smile he receives is empty and doesn't reach Cas' eyes.
He wanted to step forward again, grab the angel and crush their mouths together like he'd done outside that bar, but he found his feet frozen to the ground, his arms motionless by his sides.
There was a chair set next to one side of the bed and Dean felt his feet slowly move towards it, eyes never leaving Cas as the angel came into better view with every hesitant step he took.
"What I mean is...is you. You're beautiful, Cas."
"A little. But the new ones can't grow 'til the old ones are gone."
"I...ah." Cas lowers his gaze to their feet, nodding to himself. "I should probably give you two some privacy as well. I'm sure you have a lot to catch up on." He nods at Sam and takes a step back, causing Eileen to reluctantly let go of his hands. She can't stand the resignation that speaks clearly from his voice, even though his words are warm and gentle, and there's an urge in her to wrap him up in a hug again and tell him that it's all going to be fine, but she knows that's not what he needs right now. What that poor angel damn well needs is for Dean to pull his head out of his ass and do it himself. (Not that telling him that would be a good idea, either.)
"Okay?" Dean looked at him expectantly, smiling when Cas nodded.
"I believe it was a joint accomplishment."
"Fuck, I'm grateful for even being allowed to be here with you", Dean said, as if Cas surely had to
"I lost the dog", Cas whispers so quietly Dean almost doesn't catch it.
Dean squeezed his hand to interrupt his rambling.
sitting,
No, Cas had never doubted the existence of Dean's love. But he still doubted it was the same sort of love he felt towards Dean, doubted its manifestation. His own love, it was so strong and all-encompassing, he didn't even understand how he could contain it himself, let alone imagine anyone else feeling this towards another person. And certainly not for him. Not Dean. Not the most deserving person he had ever known.
"I'd like that. Very much."
, Cas, not weakness. You're remarkable and I-" He broke off, swallowed the words at the tip of his tongue.
Cas couldn't help the surge of warmth and longing rushing through him at the pet name. He always liked to pretend that this one was just for him, even if he should probably know better.
"Cas..tiel", he said. It didn't feel right to tell this man his name was Cas. Dean had given him that name. It belonged to him (just like the rest of Cas). "My name is Castiel."
"It's
, the room they gave him to
Sometimes the domesticity of it all threatened to overwhelm him, he'd find himself forgetting that they weren't just a normal couple, caught himself reaching out to take Cas' hand in public, randomly draping his arm around his shoulders and pull him into his side during a movie, leaning in for a goodnight kiss at the end of the day.
"Hey. Hey, Cas. Shhh." Dean shook his head, the pain over Cas' distress obvious in his eyes when his other hand came up to frame Cas' face, hold him steady. "Look at me", Dean asked, soft but insistent. "Come on, look at me."
"Cas, I-" Oh great. There goes his voice again. "I just never thought-"
And oh, Cas smiled again, a small, pained smile.
"Me too." Dean keeps smiling, and Cas keeps melting, but then the hunter suddenly lets go of his hand and brings it up to rub his neck instead. "Sorry I killed the mood, buddy."
He knows they have to talk about it eventually. He hates the strained silence that has spread between them ever since, both avoiding to talk about it, so they just don't talk at all.
"I did. Don't worry so much." Dean pressed a kiss to his forehead. "There's nothing you could do wrong, Cas. Not here, not with me. I want everything with you", he confessed, surprising himself how easy he found it to say. "Everything you have to give."
Fuck, fuck,
Expecting Dean to think straight (pun intended) in the face of
One particular day will stay in all their minds for a long time. It's the day Sam and Eileen get married, once again a day filled with family, tears, smiles and laughter. And even though, in Dean's humble opinion, it will never be able to compare to their own wedding day, it gets stored away in that special place for very precious memories.
"Don't do that, Cas." He throws a quick glance at the angel's face, isn't surprised to see the flicker of hurt there, but it's drowned out by his own pain. "I can't- I don't want to hear what a gift every moment is", he says, driving a hand over his face, "how grateful you are. Just don't."
"I really enjoyed today, Dean", Cas said while they were getting ready for bed, seeing no need to leave the room anymore to change now that they were seeing each other in several states of undress sooner or later either way. (Which didn't mean Dean didn't have to positively rip his eyes away from any patch of Cas' exposed skin and not stare to soak in every detail until it was covered again. Every. Single. Evening.)
"It's not just about me", he reminded Cas. "Do
The only problem was, he found himself wishing more and more often that he could just kiss Dean outside of their sessions. It felt so easy by now, so natural, pressing their lips together whenever they pleased while they were practicing, and sometimes Cas almost forgot that it wasn't real, caught himself saying goodnight to Dean and leaning over for a goodnight kiss before he realized what he was doing. Sometimes he'd thought that maybe Dean was leaning in, too, but neither of them had ever actually closed the gap, had crossed that line between practice and reality.
He broke off, but Dean nodded in understanding.
He knew it had to be the dream.
"You should be watching the sunset, Dean", Cas says (presses out), aware how weak his protest sounds, cursing himself when Dean's teeth scrape his earlobe and his own eyes flutter closed involuntarily.
"Me neither, beloved."
"Want some coffee?"
"Yes."
As it seemed, Cas felt like kissing.
Usual game, 3:30 am, not beta read.
"You...you do it."
"Awesome." Dean clapped his hands together, standing up. "Okay. Lemme just get a mattress, yeah? I'm gonna be right back."
"Hello, Dean."
"Sorry, was that too fast? I should've asked-"
(Not that he didn't love every side of Cas. Because he did. Oh, he did...)
"Hey! Where's the bacon?" Dean gives him a grumpy look. "A man needs his meat in the morning, ok?"
"Cas."
"Cas!" Sam spins around in surprise, eyes wide and smile uncomfortable. "You almost gave me a heart attack, dude."
Dean knew they would come sooner or later. He thought he'd been prepared.
The feathers were incredibly soft under his fingers.
"S-Sorry", he says, the first thing that comes to his mind. "I-I...I didn't know you were- And I thought- You were restless and I thought it would calm you." He bites his lip. "I'm sorry, Dean, I shouldn't have-"
"G-Great." Dean releases a breath, can hardly believe his luck when he watches Cas crossing the room again,
Just like the last time Dean sent him away.
Today, Cas had decided to try and switch places for the first time, having gained enough confidence from their progress with his insecurities about the scars to allow Dean to be the one on top. It was nervewracking at first, the feeling of being surrounded, another body hovering over him, blocking his way to escape. But Dean had softly stroked a thumb over his cheekbone, the words
Oh fuck it, no more pretty lies. He's just kidding himself, anyway. He's far from unaware of his feelings for Cas. He just knows there's no point. They're inappropriate, they're impossible, they're fucking
"I'd just...I'd really like to just lie here for a bit", the angel smiled. "And...I'd like to hold you, if I may."
"Sam." Dean shook his head. "You have
Dean kissed up his jaw and behind his ear, feeling the angel nod when another roll of his hips made them both groan.
"I- I'm selfish for even forcing my company on you", Dean ripped him out of his drifting thoughts once more. "If you wanna leave as soon as you're healed...jeez, if you want
Yeah I know I kinda let Eileen hang in mid-air here, but I promise we're coming back to her and Dean first thing in the next chapter. I already have it planned. A scene between these two was a little self indulgence, really, imo we were fucking robbed of seeing more of the great Dean/Eileen dynamic in the show (like we were robbed of soooo many other things, but let's not go down that road).
"Dean?"
"I'm gonna hurt you along the road", he says, because he knows it's true, and Cas has to know, too. "And it'll be a long one. And I couldn't- If you looked around one day and regret-"
He's gonna fuck up. He's gonna have the words stuck in his throat, and he's gonna stammer around after Cas gave him the speech of his dreams and
"Damn, you're beautiful", he murmured, and Cas could tell from the tone of his voice that he wasn't just talking about his body's physical appearance.
He kept peppering kisses on Dean's chest, traveled to the side he had neglected so far, just brushing his lips over the sensitive patch of skin.
All too soon and yet not nearly soon enough there's silence settling over them, except for the breeze moving the leaves and birds singing in the branches, at it takes him a second to understand that they have been addressed, grateful when Cas clears his throat, ripping Dean out of the spell he's been caught in for who knows how long, and maybe...just maybe Cas needs to gather himself too, needs to remind himself where they are and what is happening around them, needs to remind himself that he and Dean aren't the only people left in the world, as much as it might feel like it right now.
"How can I help?" His voice was tripping over itself in desperation. "I don't know what to do, Cas, tell me."
"If you're referring to his intentions towards me let me assure you that he was perfectly-"
"Cas, hey." Dean lightly grips Cas' shoulder, a gesture that could be meant to ground Cas or himself. Maybe both. "Hey. Calm down", he says with a smile he hopes will be reassuring. "I'm sure he'll be fine, ok?"
"Sam. Wait." His brow is furrowed when he looks at her, but she just smiles at him soothingly. "Let me", she says then and his eyebrows shoot up in surprise.
"Dean, I-I'm scared", he whispered. "I'm just-"
, he reminded himself, closing his eyes, his hand curling harder into the fabric of Dean's shirt.
that Dean can't help but smile fondly despite the muddled mess it woke in his stomach.
Dean sees how Cas' hands clench where they're neatly placed on the blanket. He knows that clench. He's done the same countless times around Cas. He's done it to keep himself from reaching out, from touching, from taking. Because he knows, if he was given a finger, he'd take the whole arm. It's strange though, seeing Cas do it, because why would he. Why would he want to take? What would he want to take? There's nothing Dean has to give. Nothing worth taking, not to anyone, certainly not to Cas. So why would Cas do that? There's no purpose. There's no need, either. Because Dean also knows, if Cas found anything he wanted, there's nothing he wouldn't allow to be taken, nothing that he wouldn't want to give. A finger, an arm, his whole body. Everything. Anything. Those fists, they're clenching around futility, holding onto a lie they've both been telling far too long - to themselves as much as each other.
"I love you", Dean said, because of course he would know what Cas had been asking for. "I love you, Cas. I love you so much."
Almost like before, at least. He shouldn't press his luck.
Sometimes along the way, it had made him feel lost. He didn't even know his purpose anymore. As an angel in heaven, he'd loved and served God. That was his purpose. As an angel first on earth, he learned to love humanity. That was his purpose. But then, he'd fallen. Fallen from grace, and fallen in love. And as a fallen angel, he'd discovered a new kind of love, love for a single human being, love that was different from everything he'd experienced before. The love he'd known, it had been nothing but a pale imitation of the real thing. This love for Dean, it was overwhelming, all-encompassing, frightening. It was beautiful. Like...Dean's love for pie versus his love for Sam. Even though you used the same word, the meaning behind the feeling was entirely different.
"Cas." Dean couldn't help but chuckle. "I'm very amenable."
He just feels so fucking empty sometimes and it's so exhausting to feel nothing and everything at the same time. He isn't sure what's worse, the days when he feels everything at once or those when he feels nothing at all. Was it better drowning beneath the waves or die from thirst?
Today is new.
Now, he just concentrates on the road, on the familiar and comforting sound of Baby's motor, on the fact that with every passing second, she's bringing him closer to home, closer to...
And Cas had shaken his head, still smiling softly, couldn't wish it to be different.
"I..." Cas paused. Should he even tell him? He could just pretend there was nothing to be done. Dean would never know. He wouldn't have to let him-
Still, there had been no way he could have returned to Tony after that.
Dean stops at that and looks at him for a moment, a moment during which Cas unconsciously holds his breath even though he's not sure why. Dean opens his mouth, closes it again, and Cas just thinks he's about to say something when Miracle interrupts by jumping at Dean to snatch a stick out of his hand. He watches how Dean scolds the dog playfully, but throws it again anyway, looking after him with a sparkle in his eyes.
"Like when...when you bite my lip or suck a mark", Dean explained, and
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
It's what happens to him as soon as he leaves the comfort of their room that keeps Dean up at night. It's what happens to him as soon as he steps out into the world, how he can't bring himself to show his feelings there, not even in front of Sam and Eileen, who know and are happy for them. The rest of their family knows too, by now. They had invited Jody and Donna over a week ago, both of them with brilliant smiles on their faces when they hugged them, several renditions of
"Dean...?"
inconvenient time, as far as Sam is concerned.
Cas is family. Of course he loves Cas.
Dean could just nod, felt that same desperate spark jump over to light up his own veins.
"Yeah...I guess." Sam didn't look convinced. "Or it could be a good sign."
"Oookay...?" Dean raises an expectant eyebrow, the hint of an insecure but promising smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.
"Do as you will, but you can't make this unseen, Mr Swiftie."
Cas shook his head again, more firmly this time as his eyes opened to meet Dean's.
Well,
It looked like...Cas was having a drink with someone.
But then Cas closed his eyes, rolled his shoulders - and the world went dark.
If Dean wants space, Cas is going to honour his wishes.
Oh, Hell, no! If anyone got to touch his angel like that, it was Dean! Not that Dean would ever have dared to actually do it, but if he couldn't, no one would.
He swung the door open, ready to step outside when a whisper behind him made him pause.
Sooooo...let's get back to the fluff, shall we?
Cas moaned when he felt the proof of Dean's own arousal, linking their fingers together before placing their hands down on his chest, using the leverage to guide Dean's body back against his and increase the friction of his cock sliding through the crack between Dean's cheeks as he began to move in earnest.
"Cas." He sends a cautious grin across the table. "I'm so sorry, but this is disgusting."
"Oh. I- I didn't know that." Cas smiles sadly, knowingly, and Dean swallows. "Guess I can add that to my list of times you saved my life", he adds half-jokingly, but Cas can hear the gravitas underneath. "Thanks."
"Thank you."
"Dean...", he breathes, but Dean just continues with an unwavering smile.
thought come from?
"Dean?" Cas sounded so worried, his voice was so soft and pleading. Dean couldn't stand it.
Dean wanted to taste that smile, feel it against his lips and make it melt into moans of pleasure, so he just
So. This is it. Spotted the shameless Cockles reference? Hehe.
"But."Â  He didn't even know what he wanted to say. What could he possibly say to that? "You don't...you can't just..."
"I can lie down if you want", Dean said, proud that he got his voice (and brain) to work. He gestured to the head of the bed. "So you can be...on top
Dean has no clue how to begin this. He just knows it won't work like this - he a mental mess on the edge of his bed before they even started, Cas standing at the door like he's only waiting for Dean to fuck up so bad he can grab the handle and flee.
want... sure as hell ain't a life without you in it."
"May I read that as a yes?", he asks with a sparkle in his eyes that betrays the innocent tone. "Because, as you know, I don't really have experience with this. My time with April was...educational but, well,
"Dean, you're tired."
No, he could never have taken advantage of Dean like that. Never.
"What if you...did it here", he said. "What if you took care of it...
Awkward.
"Okay like this?" His breath ghosted through Cas' hair, barely moving the strands. "Anything else?"
Dean angrily drags at the strings behind his back again, finally gets that damn knot loose. He rips the apron off, screws it up into a ball and flings it onto the floor where it lands with a dull splashing sound next to the dinner table. He closes his eyes, takes a deep breath and leans with one hand against the worktop, drives the other over his face.
His brother's tone had suffocated every denial ready on Dean's tongue. "You gotta tell him. I dunno how far you guys went, or how far you plan to. And I really don't wanna know, believe me. But dude, you
"Hey! Whatcha doin'?"
"For some reason that escapes my understanding, I do."
Cas squirmed slightly, uncomfortably, a hint of insecurity sneaking into his eyes for the first time.
He looks away. They don't have time for this. God is waiting.
"So..." Sam clears his throat. Back into dangerous territory. "What did he say?"
"Yeah?"
What does he want to hear, though?Â "Cas...", he whispers, shocked by his own breathlessness. "Did you- I don't- I know we haven't...talked about that day and I-"
, because the next thing he does is catching Dean unawares
"What about today?" Dean hesitated for a second. "Did you...you did like that too, right?"
"Hey, c'mon."
Dean strolls over to the table, setting the green mug down in front of Cas who shyly smiles up at him, a faint streak of colour visible on the angel's cheeks as well.
Thanks to everyone who decides to give this a try! I'd love to hear what you think so far! <3
"Okay." Cas nods, voice soft and understanding.
"Okay."
It had been a long bumpy road, getting to terms with that realisation, and it would have been too much to say he'd managed to banish the guilt and shame that had overpowered him at first. There were years of working through this shit behind him, years of fighting his father's voice in his head, years of denial and anger and punishment. Now, all that was finally worked down to a constant dull ache beneath the thick blanket of hopelessness he felt whenever he thought about Cas. About his love for Cas.
When Cas looks over to it right now though, his eyes widen in surprise. Dean is standing there, a microphone in hand that he clutches just a bit too tightly, looking as if he might faint any moment.
"Good."
Cas was ripped from his raging thoughts, his eyes refocusing on Dean, smiling at him.
"Dean..."
"When Sam comes back...what...I mean how..."
"What if I hurt you?"
at me-"
"Dean, you don't have to-"
"What is it, buddy?"
He can feel Cas' breath on his face, the burn of his own that comes in shallow pants, both mingling in the space between them.
"Bitch", Dean calls down the stairs before the door closes.
Dean wasn't really into it. He didn't get why (or maybe he did and just didn't want to think about that reason too closely, considering it was currently in the same room), but he found his attention wandering, his eyes opening to scan the room for dark hair and a trenchcoat while her mouth worked against his skin.
. He'd told him all that shit and... That's not something you can just drop in a guy's lap and then let it be swiped under the carpet and never mention it again. Does he have any idea how messed up that is?
And Cas could do nothing but hold on, cling to Dean's body as much as his soul, weightless and peaceful, Dean the only thing anchoring him, grounding him, keeping him from floating away.
"I knew it had a happy ending", he says, still smiling that sad yet loving smile. "Perhaps it was foolish of me, considering it's a work of fiction, but...it made me feel like there was hope."
, just give me a little time-"
"Hey, you think you can put that down for a sec?"
His name was a broken little thing on Dean's lips. Cas had to close his eyes for a second.
Eileen gives him a thumbs up and smiles a smile Sam tries to engrave in his memory until the next evening. He smiles back because it's impossible not to.
Oh. Stairway to Heaven. Fuck no.
"I shouldn't have asked this of you in the first place", he said, "of course you wouldn't want-"
will-....won't we?"
"What is it?" Dean cupped the side of Cas' face, stroked at the dampness beneath Cas' eye with his thumb. "Do you want to stop?"
Dean struggled to keep the hurt out of his voice, swallowed hard to steady himself.
Cas hummed as he continued to kiss down his body, exploring with hands and lips and tongue, the little sighs escaping Cas transforming into moans. Dean loved everything about it, everything about
He could see his profile, how the angel squeezed his eyes shut before turning towards him, just his head, his body still aligned towards the door, ready to flee.
He noticed how Dean's rhythm faltered for a second before picking up again.
Dean's eyebrows rose at that.
"Still." Cas smiled, and it was easier this time. "Thank you."
. But Dean, Dean had a language of his own, full of metaphors, even fuller of cultural references. Cas had made it his personal task to learn this language of his, desired to be able to
"I just feel so stupid", the angel said. "I'm not even the one who..." He broke off, sighed. "If anyone has a right to be nervous it's you but-"
"We're finally free, Dean", Sam tells him, and yeah, maybe he needs to be told. "You're free to do whatever you want. You should allow yourself to be happy, y'know. You've earned it. Whatever that involves. That's all I'm sayin'."
Sam had been hesitant to ask but couldn't bring himself to hold back. From what he'd seen (and heard...) it wasn't too hard for him to string the truth together, but the mere thought was too horrible to let it settle, not until he'd gotten confirmation. The way Dean's whole face darkened impossibly more at his question had his stomach tied in a knot, expecting the worst, praying he wasn't right, feeble as that hope was.
"Wait, wait wait." Sam holds out his hands, stopping Jack in his train of thoughts. "You...ah. You mean you know about their bond? You mean you...
Cas bites his lip in embarrassment, but nods again. Sam smiles affectionately.
Dean swallowed hard. He'd waited a long time for Cas to ask this, every time he got a quick moment of Cas' hard cock brushing him, he'd needed to grip onto Cas' body more firmly, clench the sheets or bury his hands in his dark locks to keep himself from reaching out. But now that Cas was looking up at him so expectantly, he found himself hesitating.
A longer chapter again! Not gonna say too much, but it's getting emotional once more, guys...
"And you're alright otherwise? I wasn't too rough? I didn't..."
But Cas just gave him a small, surprisingly calm smile.
, those eyes seem to say.
"You have to run your fingers along the feathers, the way they grow, smooth the crooked ones back into place", he instructed, "And if you find a loose one, try to tug slightly to get it out."
"Hm?"
"Yeah." Dean still seemed confused, hesitant, but he nodded. "Yeah, sure. I can do that."
Once more he dared to let his hand glide through the dark unruly hair, stroking back some strands that had fallen into his forehead, and thoughtlessly, driven by a sudden need, he leaned down to press a kiss to the angel's temple.
"But it's..." His eyes opened, still stinging, meeting equally glistening blue. "You're...Cas, you gotta know, you gotta understand what I...that I..."
"Can I ask- Why?"
The only problem was, the more he sank into that safe haven of bliss, the more he could feel his resolve slipping, the forbidden words creeping up from his heart through his throat to hover on the tip of his tongue, closer and closer the longer he looked into those blue eyes, felt the worshipping touches of those hands and lips.
be in anyone but you."
Okay, maybe one horny douchebag. But that had been Dean himself, so that was fine.
Despite all the teasing, he couldn't help but envy them. A museum. They're tooth-rottingly cute and perfect for each other. They're
He doesn't know what happened. He doesn't know what he intended, he doesn't know if he intended anything at all. He doesn't know what it all means. All he knows is that there was a piece of him that couldn't let go of Cas. (Not like this. Not now. Not ever.) So he didn't.
"Then what?"
"Nah, you deserve so much more than that."
(yes, like
Oh. Okay. So we're having
"We can help to heal each other", Cas said, a soft smile on his lips that made Dean's eyes sting again. "It's okay not to feel fine, Dean. Actually, it's just...it's okay to
His name, a reverent breath on Cas' lips.
The way his brother looked at him
It is...early, to say the least. Oh, wow. 5.20. Uhm. Ooops. No, I haven't slept. Glad I don't have to get up tmr. Still, forgive me any tiredness typos xD
"Thank you."
He didn't really know he could feel this.
"Yes, Dean. That is very okay."
the place-
"Yes." The word was a warm sweep of breath against Dean's lips. "Keep going."
"Let me", Cas said, and it was so soft Dean couldn't stand it. He had to close his eyes when the fingers touched him, like a gentle caress, sparks of cool grace flowing into his body and removing the last traces of alcohol from his system. Then they were gone, the grace and the fingers, and Dean could breathe again.
"I-" He just breaks off. What can he say, anyway? It's all too obvious. Why the hell didn't he think of making his room presentable first? Ah yes. Because he hadn't planned for Cas to be here now, to do this
"Cas, man...you're beautiful", he heard himself say as if in trance, only realising his words when it was already too late to take them back. A surge of panic rushed through his body. "I mean they-
When Dean followed willingly, let himself be guided without hesitation, Cas knew that this was it. He wanted this. He
"You what?"
"No, it's not foolish at all, Cas. I get it." Cas graces him with a grateful smile in return and Dean has to swallow around the sudden lump in his throat.
Deep down, Cas knew he still wasn't quite convinced Dean knew what he was getting himself into, knew there was still doubt left that Dean could want this, with him.
"That's not why I asked, Dean", he hurried to assure him. "I just thought that's how it was done", he explained, watched how Dean's mouth opened in understanding. "I'm glad if you don't have to. I'd much rather look at you, if that's alright."
"I'm a damaged good, Cas."
But Cas shook his head.
Cas nodded.
"Of course. Cas, not every touch has to end with going all the way, not even between people who..."
"You don't know what you're getting yourself into", he says nevertheless, because he has to say something.
Shoutout to my cousin tho who helped me develop the plot and a few lines for this one (not sure if it turned out how they meant it in the end but howeveeeeer) and to my friend charlies_secret_closet for her steady encouragement and the vocabulary tipsâ¤
"Okay, this has to stop", Sammy declares straight up, not bothering with any introduction. Dean sighs. The breath leaves his throat and takes the previous seconds of held-up hope with it. His gut feels empty. Damn his brother and his spot-on shitty timing.
"I-I'm sorry", Dean croaked out, couldn't think of anything else to say.
eyes said he isn't afraid
Cas' hand almost moved of its own accord, wandering down his stomach to join Dean's, their fingers entwining, wide enough to wrap around both their lengths, pressing them together, increasing the smooth friction as they began to stroke in tandem. Somewhere deep in a sensibly thinking corner of his mind Cas knew that it was the first time he'd ever actually touched Dean there, but the thoughts of newness and insecurity were quickly washed away by Dean's response to his touch.
"You're not." Cas shook his head, reached up to stroke a soothing thumb over his cheek. Dean couldn't help but lean into the touch even though he still saw that heaviness dulling the spark in Cas' eyes.
needs
They didn't plan when they wanted to do it.
"Yours", answered his angel, and this time, Dean didn't hold back the pathetic noise he made.
"Sorry?" Dean didn't have a clue what was going on. "For what?"
"No."
"Dean...Listen to me." He squeezes and the way his voice sounds makes it impossible for Dean not to listen. "I've been an angel for a very long time. And I'm grateful for having been given that time, that experience. But I would give it up in a second to be with you, to be your partner, your...whatever you want me to be." Because they still haven't put a label to what they are now, Dean had always avoided- "Just to be
"He does the same thing with you", he tells him, and he could swear there's just the faintest spark of hope in Cas' eyes when he smiles back.
name.) "Is he-"
"You gonna watch over me, Cas?", Dean says into the silence at some point, Cas snuggled into his side, angelic fingers drawing lazy patterns on Dean's bare chest. (Enochian protection sigils, Cas had said when Dean asked, only then realizing it himself.) Dean's eyes have been heavy for some time now, his body warm and comfortable, but he hadn't wanted to leave consciousness just yet, wanted to draw out this moment of quietness and perfection for as long as possible. The clock on his nightstand says 4 am by now and he knows he's going to lose the fight against tiredness sooner or later.
"Dean." Cas groans into his neck, presses a kiss to his hairline, "stop overthinking. Just..." He reluctantly pulls back with the need to meet those green eyes. "Just love me."
Dean still held him and touched him as much as Cas could allow, as much as Cas could stand.
His stomach was twisting, but he nodded.
, no less. He opens his mouth, wipes the shock away that knotted his vocal cords together.
"Urgh, fuck!" He punches a fist on the worktop, welcomes the stabbing pain shooting through his wrist and up his arm. It distracts him from the uncomfortable tightness in his chest. "Fuck, fuck,
"And that's
"Is...that okay?"
Everything in Dean's mind screams at him to tell Cas not to.
"That..." Cas considered the idea for a moment. The worst thing about being touched was usually the unexpectedness, the fact that he couldn't mentally prepare to control his body's reaction. But if he were to guide the touch, know when and where it would go...
Dean wanted to show him that he'd never want or need anyone else, threading their fingers together, familiar too, but with a new depth, a new meaning.
No reason to forget that his dignity's at stake here, though. Dean lifts a finger, pointing it meaningfully at Cas' chest.
Their eyes met again, and, just for a second, Cas was sure he could see
you. And for you to see me."
Cas hummed in confirmation, fascinated by the way Dean's breathing was picking up, the colour on his cheeks slowly spreading down over his neck and collarbone to cover his chest.
~oOo~
"You...ah. You comin' too?", he says cautiously, deliberately keeping his back to Cas who he knows is splayed out on the bed -his bed, no, their bed- in the most Cas way (read: obliviously sexy way) possible.
Who was that guy? Cas didn't go have drinks with random dudes.
to leave for a while, I- just ask and I'll do it." The corner of his mouth twitched, sad but sincere. "Not gonna lie, it will kill me not to know how you are, knowing that I caused all this- but I'm gonna do it. Just say the word."
When he opens his eyes again, there's a determination rushing through his veins that he didn't know he still possessed. Getting up from the floor is easy, opening the door is easy. Closing it feels like leaving more than one mess behind.
He closed his eyes for a second. Perhaps this was stupid. He knew it was far from Dean's intention to make him feel this way, all Dean wanted was to make him feel safe and cared for, and God he
He stayed silent.
Wanting to be yourself isn't a crime, wanting to be with someone who loves you for you, someone you don't have to compromise yourself for. It's okay not to be what other people expect, and maybe not even what you expected yourself. Accepting this side of himself...it doesn't change who he is. He's not different. He's just...more.
The first touches of Dean's fingers were hard. Unexpectedly hard.
because suddenly he's
The sound of his panting is loud in the silence of his room, the wall cool against his heated skin. He doesn't know how long he stands there like this, lets the anger flow out of him like the liquor he'd spilt, leaving him with nothing but emptiness.
"I'm sure your brother can manage without me for a few minutes."
"Dean..."
Cas had been reluctant at first, but on hearing the restaurant's name his eyes had lit up, and the eager way his mouth had blurted out
Dean", he throws in Dean's face, and yes, he's right, of course he is. "And then you told me you wanted to go back to the way things were before-" Cas breaks off, swallows. "....
. (Happiness is in being.)
why I chose it", Cas says, catching Dean off guard and rendering him speechless. Because suddenly, there's a smile on Cas' face, a sad but somewhat content smile, hopeful and pleading to be allowed to stay. "I want all these things, Dean. Eating and sleeping and growing old and...even dying. Because I will experience them alongside you. Don't you understand, Dean? I want to have a life with you, a normal, human life." For a moment, Dean thinks Cas is going to reach for his hand, but then he just sighs. "And yes, one day, I will die", he confirms then, a sentence that weighs so heavy on Dean's ears that he barely catches the rest of Cas' speech. "But so will you. And we'll spend eternity together in the Heaven our son made for us."
"Anything, angel." Dean was breathing heavily, his eyes having trouble focusing. "You can do anything you want."
He says it like he's informing Dean of the weather, eyes lowered to the ground. It sends a sting of pain through Dean's whole body, and he can feel his shoulders tensing, his throat tightening in panic.
and- and
But instead, Cas' expression contorted even more into one of distress.
on board, as was his dick that immediately hardened further from the stimulation in his back.
The first time Cas ever dared to let his thump glide over a nipple, he didn't regret having taken that liberty.
Dean could just sit and stare at the angel, his tired features, desperate eyes, trembling body. He wanted to tell him how sorry he was, and he
"Dean."
There had been plenty of offers, but he couldn't go through with it. Even flirting felt wrong. His faked smiles were painful, their eyes shamelessly checking him out from head to toe made him wish they were warm and blue instead of dark with desire. The fleeting touches of slim delicate hands made his skin crawl.
"Dean." Cas smiles at him, open and brilliant. He rarely uses pet names, doesn't see any need for them. Dean's name holds so much meaning to him that there's nothing that would be able to compare, and he makes sure to say it with so much reverence that no one could have any doubt what it means. "It's perfect, thank you."
~oOo~
And failed even harder.
Cas tilted his head and Dean felt like crying.
But Cas broke him off before he had the chance to justify himself. Not that he needed justification, anyway.
"I know." Cas pressed his lips together, visibly nervous, frustrated. "I can't help it. It's just-"
He didn't know how to feel. He didn't want to feel so good, not when Cas didn't feel the same way, not when Cas would never have wanted this if he'd had another choice. But he also couldn't wish the good feeling away. Because this was still Cas, and he could never want to feel anything but wonderful when it came to Cas.
And it went against everything his body told him to do.
Dean reaches over and taps a finger on the edge of the cover. It's a beautiful edition, bound with a sky-blue fabric that's printed with a pink floral pattern that will likely wear off little by little and mark the book as well-used and loved.
He'd put it off, told himself it was too soon, told himself it didn't matter anyway as long as things had stayed relatively innocent. He'd told himself he couldn't risk Cas ending things too soon, couldn't risk interfering with his potential recovery. Never mind his more selfish reasons to continue, which were heavy and numerous.
"I don't want to make you uncomfortable. And not just because of-" Cas swallowed. "-what happened. I know this would be easier for you if I inhabited a female vessel-"
And who's Dean? He's no one. An atom in the sea of nothingness.
"Dean..."
"So...you're alright?"
"Oh." Understanding dawned in Cas' eyes. "Yes, I see."
It was a strange feeling, the tentative way their tongues met for the first time, the careful dance they created, so different from everything Cas had experienced before. How often had he imagined what it would be like? And when it finally happened, it had been nothing like his dreams. Of course it hadn't. Just because it had been Dean's body didn't make it
"Yes." Cas smiled at him, nervous but determined. "Yes, I'd like to try."
"Mh..Okay." He still seems surprised, but nods in agreement. "Be careful, though. I'd like to have you back in one piece", he jokes and Eileen grins.
. And Cas agreed to marry him, Cas agreed even though he knows Dean (
"It's a vial with my grace."
"That sounds perfect."
"What is it?"
He'd been talking without speaking for so long, hearing without listening, writing verse after verse in his head, soliloquies he knew would never see the light, confessions and apologies that had no place being spoken.
The new angle allowed Dean to position his hips between Cas' spread legs so their clothed erections would line up, rubbing together when he moved, punching a breathy gasp out of Cas that told him the angel was enjoying it as much as he was. Their lips barely lost connection while they kept grinding together, breathing each other's air, swallowing each other's sounds, figuring out which way to move and where to touch to draw the most noises from the other's throat.
"I'm sure you taught them to piss off", he says, mirroring the grin she feels spreading on her face at that.
The sentence gets lost when Dean presses his lips together, trying to suppress the surge of heat he can feel creeping up his neck and threatening to colour his cheeks. He lowes his eyes for a moment, takes a breath before green finds blue again.
Cas smiled.
"You thought he was going to make unwanted advances and I wouldn't know how to handle it", Cas said, a statement, not a question. And finally there was a spark of warmth in his eyes again, a spark of
"I wanted..." Cas pressed his lips together, swallowed nervously. "Isn't...Isn't this the next step?", he asked then, unable to hide the slight tremor in his voice, reassuring Dean in his decision to pause.
"And that's your favourite?", Dean asks, skillfully avoiding an answer as he sits up fully to be on eye-level with the angel. "I...ah. I'd have thought you would have avoided any reminder of me, while we had this whole...", he gestures vaguely into the air, "...thing going on."
"Please."
Cas stands and stares unabashedly (again), now that Dean's attention is captured elsewhere, the familiar fluttery warmth creeps back into his body.
"This will sound corny as shit", he laughs then, shakes his head to himself at how strangely dizzy yet focused he seems. "But...I- I just...I'm
) something happens to Cas, it would kill him
The sun was already beginning to set when they got back into the Impala and made their way home. The whole drive was spent in comfortable silence, even though neither of them seemed able to take their eyes off each other, sneaking glances every other minute or so that were accompanied by a matching smile when their gazes happened to meet.
Dean had just finished a phone call with his brother, telling him it wouldn't be too long now until he could return safely, but he hadn't mentioned the new development between him and Cas, not yet. It didn't seem like a conversation one should have over the phone.
, how far have they've come since then) and Cas realises that he hasn't spoken in several minutes, so he forces his brain to function again.
Note that in the middle part, everything in italics happened before the first part of this took place, that's why it's in past tense and emphasized this way bc I was afraid the timeline would be confusing...
~oOo~
His feet took uncoordinated steps, legs still heavy with sleep. But he forced them to work, even from across the room still aware of the scared eyes fixed on him.
This...L-word thingy. And not just like...yeah. But like...
"I'm gonna touch you", he said as softly as possible, seeing Cas' eyes instantly go wide. "But just a finger", he added quickly.
Look at him, a day ago he'd thought it impossible that Dean would want him in any way, and now that he'd been given a little finger, he instantly groped for the whole hand. If this was all Dean would ever be able to give him, then Cas would take it, would cherish it, and would be grateful.
"Hey." Dean left his hand around his waist, dropping the other from his hair to the juncture of his neck, just leaning back far enough to look at Cas.
and he freezes instinctively.
"Dean..."
He was trying to make things
"Cas, I-"
"Could you-" The craving inside him forms words before he's even finished the thought. He blushes slightly, grateful that Cas' head is still tucked under his chin so he won't see. "Maybe hold me while you do it?", Dean presses out in a rush, biting his lip when Cas lifts himself up on one elbow, smiling softly.
And for once, he actually meant it.
"Good", Dean echoes, smiling like an idiot. "Awesome."
Cas nodded in agreement.
, it had only been a couple of days, but Dean had missed the feeling of those soft lips moving against his own.
Urgh. "That's just some light literature."
after he'd accepted that this love existed. He couldn't just let it go and throw it away after he'd walked that long, bumpy road to get here.
, he tries again, aware that he's losing his ground and Cas doesn't even need to say anything, the bastard. He just keeps looking at him like that and Dean groans in defeat.
"Anything else I can do for you? Perhaps a glass of water?"
"Dude. It's
And that was how Dean had learned that his brother knew. All this time.
When Dean wakes up from a dreamless sleep the next morning, Cas will be gone, the left side of his bed will be empty and cold, and the vague images of someone warm and comforting in his arms will be dismissed as wishful thinking.
The stretch when the tip of Cas' cock finally slipped inside him was exquisite. Dean loved everything about it, loved the groan Cas made, the slight burn it caused, the feeling of connection it promised. It took all his willpower to keep lowering himself slowly, a beautifully torturous eternity passing until Cas finally bottomed out, punching a shaky exhale from Dean's lungs.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes." He had to admit it felt nice. It wasn't the right hand, not the right voice, not the right soul. But it was warm and comforting. It was better than nothing.
. Whatever it is- You gotta work this out, Dean. For both your sakes...
"What about doing it the other way around?", Dean explained. "So you can get used to touching someone else first. You'd be the one in control there."
Reference to "Clean" by Taylor Swift and "Unsaid Emily" from Julie & The Phantoms.
"I liked it when you took me grocery shopping last week", Cas said then, infecting Dean with the little smile in his voice.
"I hate that you're in pain but still..."
It doesn't take long until his shirt has found its way to the floor and Cas' mouth is travelling down his throat to explore the skin it revealed. Dean's hands tangle in the angel's dark hair when he feels open-mouthed kisses being pressed to the line of his collarbone and heading lower, and it already takes all his willpower to tug at the strands and indicate Cas to stop before he'll be too bereft of his rational thinking to do so.
Because that's what this is - a family gathering. All these people that seem like a bunch of random individuals, thrown together by the forces of...fate? Destiny? Coincidence? It doesn't matter, because that's exactly what they are, and yet they're so much more. These are people that should never have met, people that should have been enemies, people that
He trailed off, giving Cas a look at seemed to ask for his understanding and forgiveness all at once, and of course he had them, he always had them, but all Cas could concentrate on was-
of the cup hitting the table again sounded too loud in his ears, startling him.
Cas' brow furrows again.
Dean swallowed. His fingers tightened.
Not that he was particularly surprised. It hadn't been the first of those dreams he'd had, and he'd long given up on suppressing them, even if he couldn't help but burn up with guilt and shame afterwards. They were everything he'd ever get. Or so he'd thought.
"You wound me, little brother."
"Yeah. If you want me to."
"You know exactly what I mean."
~oOo~
"How does it feel?"
"Are you- Are you happy?" Dean doesn't look at him, eyes sweeping over the wide expanse of water. "It's just because...y'know, you said..."
Dean could feel Cas' warm breath ghosting across his face, and he shook his head slightly.
"That's not from the Bible. What is that?"
Instead, they'd just wordlessly proceeded to get ready for the night, and even though the tension had been palpable, words unspoken heavy in the air, Dean feels foolish now that he hasn't even for one second thought about this. Of all the things he'd imagined might happen, from shared apologies to them yelling at each other again, there wasn't a moment when he saw Cas leave.
"What do you want me to sing?"
It was a question, a request.
The hunter's eyes snapped open again, his hand hesitating, tongue flicking out to wet his lips.
"Dean, it's ok." Fuck no, Dean can't take kindness and empathy and
"Oh, you are", the angel breathes into his ear, voice even lower than usually. "And you will."
"You good?"
Cas shrugs and that little movement makes something inside Dean break.
Cas hesitated a second at that command, but everything had been going well so far, so he tried, immediately pulling back when Dean's brow furrowed, his eyes squeezing shut.
"Now you hang from my lips like the gardens of Babylon...", he mumbles half in thought once they separate, hovering only inches apart. Even up close he can see Cas' confused frown.
Perhaps he shouldn't have craved them in the first place, being an angel.
, he'd told Cas, and yeah, that was probably true, he never would, he knew that too, but they'd done something good here, something incredible, and Dean couldn't help but bask in the atmosphere of relief, freedom, home - in the hope, the future promises it made.
"Cas? Hey? Someone home, feathers?"
Was it for the same reason Dean did? The thought of marking Dean as his? But Cas didn't know, not really, had no idea about the extent of that truth, couldn't know how utterly and completely Dean belonged to him and him alone.
, he had promised), but it was the only thing that came to him that might work if he just managed to do it right.
His brother looks at him for a moment, scrutinizes him, apparently contemplating if he should dig deeper or do as he's asked. Dean waits, shoulders tense, grinding his teeth. But then Sam lets out a breath and Dean knows he won. (Or lost. However you wanna look at it. But he's not gonna go down that road.)
Tonight, though, was the first time he didn't simply force himself to retreat again afterwards.
being touched by Dean
"I'll have to remember that", Cas said, causing Dean to smile.
"Tell me you want me too."
By now, Cas had found that it didn't need anything more for that.
I really really hope you enjoy it, and that I earned the privilege of your time.
When you're sitting in a trap it only needs one person to open the bolt.
. Not like that. Not again."
Their continuous companionship during waking hours had settled into a more comfortable rhythm, but a few days ago Cas started having nightmares once the first phase of dreamless exhaustion was over.
He had stayed perfectly still, body stiff, mouth closed and unresponsive against Dean's insistent lips.
Cas smiles. He smiles like he knows Dean is lost. He smiles like he's waited for this. (If Dean only knew what
And for the first time, just before they fell asleep, Dean finally leaned over and kissed him goodnight.
"You tired yet?", he asked Cas, the lighthearted tone fake and off even to his own ears. Stupid question. Angels didn't get tired. Not physically, anyway. "Maybe we could-"
. "Even if I wanted you gone...you- No, if I had to
Cas he's happy.
"Hello, Dean."
Cuddling. He'd
"Was that-", Cas began, the question written clearly on his face, and Dean couldn't help but shake his head in disbelief.
Like...to find a totally random and not at all to his current situation related example - making a cup of coffee.
So what is it, those chains that are holding him back, keeping him from moving? Dean is not afraid of people judging him (he already has the support of everyone that counts, anyway), doesn't care what they think, not really. It's more like a mental barricade he can't tear down, something rooted so deep inside his mind that he can't rip it out, not even if it blocks his every attempt to give into anything that might be read as a sign of affection beyond friendship.
it said, and it felt like that damned angel blade had just been rammed into Dean's heart.
forever." Dean smiled shyly. "Damn long time though. I'm sorry."
That was all the permission Cas needed. His tongue licked a broad stripe where his lips had lingered, and Dean's back arched off the mattress, seeking more.
"Sam?"
"Okay, look, I- I know it's too soon, we only just really found each other and it's stupid because we can't even have a legal one anyway. I mean neither of us even exists on paper, but..."
Words that meant home.
Home? What did he mean go
"Cas...", Dean breathed between kisses, his name leaving his lips like a hymn, a prayer. "Cas. Cas, I love you. Angel..." He could feel Cas smiling against his mouth every time their lips connected, reveled in the way Cas' fingers threaded into his hair, pulling him close.
"But not anymore." Cas' voice is sure and steady when he looks back up, meets the green eyes he knows have been watching him. "I think for myself now, make my own decisions, with you. There are no other places for me to be, no other people to care for, to care about. There never were. Everyone I need is right here. And I wouldn't have it any other way." He breathes out, a sigh of relief, an act of freedom. "I've existed for millennia, Dean, but I didn't live until I met you."
, Cas had replied, and nope, that should not make Dean feel this surge of proud possessiveness again, but here he was.
The next day finds Dean in front of the nearest jeweller, as promised. It's not the first time he's been here, staring at the displays in the window, but it's the first time he actually sets foot through the door.
, Cas", he said, and he knew it wouldn't be hard, the next words already at the back of his throat, waiting to be released. "Someone who knows that you wear that trenchcoat even inside and that your ties are always askew. Someone who can predict when you're gonna roll your eyes even before you did it. Someone who can tell your confused squint apart from your curious squint and your annoyed squint. Someone who could pick the exact colour of your eyes out of a million different shades of blue. Someone who knows how rare the sound of your laughter is and who collects every memory of it in his mind. Someone who knows and appreciates all those little details, Cas."
"You're not angry with me?"
The door unlocked the moment he had done what he'd come for, had taken and destroyed and left. It flew open, revealing Sam who he knew had been furiously beating against the wood while- while...oh God, he was gonna throw up.
"Hey." Dean smiled in relief. "There you are. That's good, sweetheart." His thumb skimmed out to stoke over Cas' cheek. "Look at me. It's all good."
"Good."
and heard Cas hum contently before continuing his trail across Dean's face before pressing their lips together, and Dean couldn't help but think that he'd finally arrived where he belonged.
it. "How to...not hunt and just..."
Dean tried to push back as he was flung against a wall, failed miserably. Fucking angelic super strength!
He picks up without breaking the gaze. The voice of his brother is hurried and laced with worry when he says his name, and Dean can't help but miss the way it had sounded from Cas' lips only moments before. But those moments are over, the spell is broken. Sammy is talking and reality rushes in.
"Bastard."
"I'm so sorry", it leaves Cas' lips again, and Dean just wishes he would stop saying that. "I know it wasn't- I- I never meant to do this to you." He sounds sad, tired in a way that goes far beyond physical exhaustion. (Not that he feels that, anyway.) Cas sighs. "Forgive me. I..." He shifts on the bed, gives Dean a hardly convincing smile, "I should go. Give you some peace."
"Don't be scared, I'm right here with you", he breathed, promised with a smile. "I'm gonna catch you."
"I admire teachers", he said, thinking back to his first attempts at teaching humanity, especially Dean, the rules and values of Heaven. "You must be very patient, resilient, and dare I say...brave."
He didn't deserve him.
An angel of the Lord who suddenly seemed to put worth on being able to experience human contact...Intimate contact... A newly discovered circumstance that had stunned Dean, to say the least.
And damnit, he sounds so needy already, and Dean doesn't have to ask what he means. They've been switching before, a circumstance that they both seem to enjoy a great deal, but it's usually Dean who asks for one or the other - or well, it's usually Cas who manages to coax it out of him. That it's Cas who's asking now...
"I just want to
And he does.
"And by everyone with ears you mean..." She trails off, leaving an expectant pause.
"Nothing!" Sam turns the eggs while he plans his next move, shrugs dismissively. "You just look a bit...
He kept hitting that spot inside Cas that had Cas' back arch off the mattress and when Dean sneaked a hand between them to wrap around his length, the angel squeezed his eyes shut.
"You know I do", he heard Dean silently singing back.
"Then whose is it, Sam, huh? Tell me", Dean challenged, hating himself for directing his own anger and frustration at Sam instead. "Lucifer? Yeah, but that son of a bitch is not here. It's not his face Cas had to look at while he- while..."
"Okay."
"Hey, it's okay."
When the memories overwhelm him, back in the quiet loneliness of his room, he lets them.
"Nervous, excited, happy, ecstatic", he tells Cas truthfully, revelling in the relieved smile that spreads over the angel's face.
"Family, yeah." Dean swallows, but then a grin spreads over his face, chasing the heavy atmosphere away. "Though I don't usually make a habit of sleeping with family members."
It was not like Dean enjoyed the cuddles or anything. Christ, get a life.
"I thought it was because of me."
Of course he, damn moron that he is, had to put that on the mixtape. The mixtape (read: the fucking love confession in disguise) that he was only able to get himself to give to Cas because he'd been sure Cas wouldn't know what it is, what it
Dean smoothes over the tie with his hand as he readjusts it, now perfectly placed, a nice contrast to his white dress shirt. (He bought a new one, just for this. Didn't want to take one of those they used for their FBI attire.) With a last look in the mirror Dean turns, a newfound determination to his steps as he walks to the door.
"Wait. Please, I- wait." Cas pressed his lips together, the look in those blue eyes tightening like a fist around Dean's heart. "Don't. Stay, please."
His heartbeat stopped, his eyes snapping open.
"Thanks, Sammy."
"Dean, can I-" He doesn't even know what to ask first. He wants... all of Dean, that's what he wants. But he would be patient. He would never take more than Dean is willing to give.
So anyway, I hope the scenes in this aren't too repetitive, but this is what came to me. Look forward to some angsty Cas with hurt/comfort ensuing now that Cas has to deal with the new knowledge he gained last time!
And friendship was enough for that. He could make Cas happy, as long as they were friends. Nothing else mattered, even if Dean's heart would always keep crying out for more.
"Of course, Dean."
, okay? And if he did, like...hypothetically (hypothetical thinking, not actual thinking about hypothetical kissing, that is) it would definitely be weird, and not the best thing he can imagine, not the only thing he's ever wanted, because why should it be something he wants if it's not even something he thinks about??
And then the day is there.
"Cas." His breath tickles over Cas' neck and leaves goosebumps in its wake. He kisses them away. "Want you."
The man sat down next to him, placed his elbow on the counter. He was good looking, Cas supposed. Probably in his mid to late thirties, short brown hair to go with the eyes, maybe a bit taller than Dean, with laughter-lines in the corner of his eyes and a kind line to his mouth when he smiled.
Dean can't stand it. He can't look away, either.
"Absolutely."
He knew he was staring, probably looked like a fool, his eyes glued to Cas' lips like they held the answer to every question in the universe, like they were water while he was dying in a desert - and in some way, Dean knew that Cas was indeed the only thing, the only
There's a pound again. This is what their nearing end sounds like. He barely hears it.
He still wanted Cas. He still loved Cas. Of course he did.
Heeeeeeeeeeey *chuckles uncomfortably* do yall still remember me?
Dean didn't know.
"C'mon, please, need you, angel..."
He turned, saw Dean standing by the door, waiting for him.
"Maybe it was, at the time. Maybe it was just what I told myself. Maybe it was just the only kind of love I'd ever known to not just go and die on me."
"Did you ever..."
Dean loves it when Cas does human things awkwardly. For one, it's fucking adorable (even though Dean would never ever have admitted that out loud to anyone.) But mostly, it's a reminder that Cas doesn't know how to be human because he simply
Yep. This is Sam's life right now.
, Cas, please..."
"Me?" Dean pushed uselessly at Cas' arm. "Nothing? I just-"
that. "Of course we're grateful for your help, that mojo of yours saved our asses more than once, but it's not why we're friends. Cas...you're not a tool to us."
. He-
Dean lies on his side in the dark, eyes open and staring into nothingness. There's a warm comforting weight in his back, Cas' soft and regular breathing in the silence. If he didn't know better he could think the angel was asleep.
"Yes." Cas' eyes lifted to meet Dean's again, his brow furrowed. "Dean, are you nervous? Am I making you uncomfortable?"
"You know I don't want that you have to hold back. I imagined..." The angel's head tilted slightly to the side, the corner of his mouth twitching upwards. "...when I allowed myself to dream about this, I imagined it could be a way for you to let go. And now I'm the reason you can't, Dean, I'm sorry-"
He has no idea how long they stay like this, he doesn't care, but Cas' sobs have subsided slowly, his tears dried, even though there's still a damp patch left above Dean's collarbone. They shifted at some point without loosening their hold on each other, somehow managed to both fit on the armchair with Cas mostly in Dean's lap, legs hanging over the armrest. But Dean welcomes the weight. It's grounding. His hand has restarted trailing though the angel's dishevelled locks and Cas hums contently when he presses a kiss to his temple.
. Is it a conscious movement? He can't say. It's just what he does.
"Breathe", he instructed, looking down at Cas who bit his bottom lip, but did as he asked, holding Dean's gaze as he focused on taking slow, deep breaths, the muscles beneath Dean's palm relaxing more and more.
"All of them."
Fuck, he hadn't seen Cas sitting at the table with Sam before he entered the kitchen. Not that it made a difference. Not that Dean wouldn't have come in if he had seen him. Because he isn't avoiding Cas. Why would he be avoiding Cas? That would be lunatic. Not like he'd been bitching at the guy for no reason at all the last time he'd seen him or anything. Which, as it happened, had been in this exact room. Not that that bothers Dean. Obviously not. No need for this to be awkward, either. Or for him to feel guilty as fuck. Which he doesn't.
Dean's heart ached at the worry furrowing Cas' brow, turning Dean's smile soft and soothing.
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
"Not...right?", Cas heard himself repeat.
Right now, there are no lies left. Everything is plain and clear on Cas' face, the blue in his eyes like an open book for Dean to read. Listening through looks rather than words.
He wished he could build a cocoon of warmth and comfort with his own body, wished he could shield Cas from all the evils of the world, from any sort of pain, without and within, wished he could create a place for him,
Cas basically tripped over his own words, the desperation, the helplessness seeping from it, the way he practically seemed to be
, Cas has said.
Fuckfuckfuck. Not good.
It was too exhausting, took too much energy, punishing himself for something he knew he couldn't change. There was no use in being embarrassed by who you were. The world was going to judge you no matter what you did.
